speaker_heading: MILES AHEAD
dialog: Written by
dialog: Steven Baigelman & Don Cheadle
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME - DAY
dialog: Black.
text: Then a frozen image - MILES DAVIS (DC), 29, full youthful
text: glory, on stage on a soundstage, at the mic, in front of the
text: first great sextet, 1955, beautiful. The image begins to
text: move, fast forward, whirs (stock), images blurring by to a
dialog: performance, many years later -
speaker_heading: CREDITS ROLL
text: MILES DAVIS, 53, speaks in his cool rasp. You have to lean
dialog: forward to hear. He really knows how to make you listen.
speaker_heading: MILES (0.S.)
dialog: This one. Right here...
text: The tape slows, plays at regular speed. DAVE BRADEN, 38,
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: DAVE BRADEN (0.S.)
dialog: Ok. Agartha...
speaker_heading: MILES (0.S.)
dialog: Osaka, Japan. - '75.
text: "Prelude 2 Agharta" plays. Funky. Nasty. Gutbucket bass,
dialog: guitar...
text: SUPER: Prelude Fades up. Fades out... (NOTE: All SUPERS in
dialog: the script are Miles Davis songs)
text: ON STAGE: A trumpet player stands at the center, the hub of a
text: quintet. Tilt up to reveal: MILES DAVIS, 48, adorned like a
text: psychedelic pimp-god. Hunched over, horn bell pointed at the
text: floor, soaked with sweat, his back to the audience,
text: iconically Miles, searching for something buried in the
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: DAVE (0.S.)
dialog: Funky...
speaker_heading: MILES (0.S.)
dialog: Yep... Cut the sound down...
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN (0.S.)
dialog: Couple more minutes here guys.
speaker_heading: DAVE (0.S.)
dialog: No, other side, Nick.
text: A GEAR BELLY wipes frame -
text: PULL BACK FAST, 70s style, focus and refocus, revealing Miles
text: Davis, looking a little older, but clean as grandmom's
text: chittlins. He sits in a chair while the interview is set-up.
text: Miles holds a RED TRUMPET, a small mic attached to the bell.
text: IN THE ROOM - He noodles on the horn, intermittently playing
text: with the music during the conversation. (Throughout the
text: interview the camera plays a modal phrase, its attention
dialog: between Miles here and the Miles there in Japan).
text: IN JAPAN - Miles straightens, looks out into the crowd; we
text: see FANS grooving to the rhythm reflected in HIS SHADES. HIS
text: POV: a dark void, flashbulbs, shadows, a crowd of unseen
text: fans. He starts to play again but stops - for the first time
dialog: in thirty years not knowing what to say. We see the moment
text: from multiple angles and angels. From high up, Miles looks
dialog: small.
text: Miles looks to the wings, searching... for someone among
text: those standing around, and beyond... a face he cannot find...
text: REVERSE ANGLE - POV of Miles from an empty void in the wings,
text: CAMERA moves a little. Alive...
text: TWO SHOT - Miles here and in Japan. Japan Miles is sitting
text: over ‘79 Miles’ angel shoulder, but no longer playing in his
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: DAVE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: So, Miles, I know it’s always “go
dialog: forward, go forward”, but even if
dialog: just for context we have to get
dialog: into (explore) your earlier stuff
dialog: and modal jazz's influence -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I don't like that word; "jazz"
speaker_heading: DAVE (0.S.)
dialog: Nope, I...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (helping them to “get it”)
dialog: That's a made up word. Tryin' to
dialog: box somebody in.
dialog: (get it)
dialog: Don't call my music jazz.
speaker_heading: DAVE (0.S.)
dialog: Right. You refer to it as the music
dialog: of the times....
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Social music.
speaker_heading: DAVE (0.S.)
dialog: Social music. Perfect.
text: On TV, Miles mashes out an atonal chord with his right hand
text: and cranks the volume louder and louder, silencing the band.
text: As the din of the chord reverberates, recedes, he
text: contemplates the trumpet’s bell, etched with a curvaceous
text: scroll, his name in bold, flickering blue in the stage light.
speaker_heading: DAVE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (going quickly through the
dialog: checkpoints)
dialog: So Be-bop, boom. Gil, the Nonet
dialog: thing... Then let’s dig in a little
dialog: bit... Kind of Blue, So What,
dialog: modality, of course, binary
dialog: compositions and how that applies
dialog: to life, your life, women and art,
dialog: the boxing -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (obvious )
dialog: Right. Just not... “jazz.”
text: Miles noodles.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (to techy)
dialog: We getting close?
speaker_heading: TECHY (0.S.)
dialog: Almost.
speaker_heading: DAVE (0.S.)
dialog: Cool.
dialog: (to Miles)
dialog: Ok, so I start; In seventy-five,
dialog: one of the most prolific and
dialog: influential artists in all of
text: music, shockingly, stopped playing.
dialog: Went silent, leaving the world -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Look, you're gonna tell it, don’t
dialog: say it all corny and shit.
text: On the TV screen, a surreal moment -- just the horn and Miles
text: surrounded by mute musicians. Freeze frame.
speaker_heading: DAVE (0.S.)
dialog: Well, what would you say, Miles?
text: Framed as it is, it looks like ‘75 Miles is waiting to hear
text: the answer too. Long beat as Miles thinks, composing in his
text: head. Miles puts his horn to his lips.
text: BAM-BAM-BAM! - GUNSHOTS tear into the aural landscape TAKING
speaker_heading: US TO:
scene_heading: INT/EXT. MILES DAVIS' GREEN(4 SEATER) JAGUAR - NIGHT
text: SOUNDTRACK: "Aghartha" pumps up to full, 1970s Blaxploitation
dialog: shoot 'em up volume.
text: The car ROARRRRRRING across a mostly deserted LOWER MANHATTAN
text: street in the midst of a GUNFIGHT BAM-BAM-BAM!
text: MILES DAVIS, passenger, DAVE Braden, white, driver, a black
text: eye, fat lip, dry blood on his jacket, both dressed slick,
text: stylish, cool and ducking for cover -
text: A BLACK LINCOLN TOWN CAR with blacked out windows TEARING
text: after them - we don't see who's in there, just one GUN out
text: the driver's window blasting the Jaguar...BAM-BAM!
text: Miles, Dave, crazy ADLIBING: "Fuck, shit, motherfuckers..."
text: The Towncar is ultimately no match for the ROCKETING Jaguar -—
text: Dave wrestles the wheel, stick, pedals, on the job training,
text: FISHTAILING the beast AROUND THE CORNER -
text: Dave loses control - the Jaguar SKIDS toward the wall -
text: A BULLET pierces the Jaguar's body - one SLAMS into MILES'
text: THIGH - (or ricochets off the sidewalk as Walter scrambles
text: out of his car and into Miles’ hip there)
text: Miles HOWLS as the Jaguar spins, almost RAMS into the WALL of
text: a MEAT PACKING WAREHOUSE, before screeching to a stop; it
text: stalls out. Dave can't start it. The Towncar's GUNNING right
dialog: for them -—
text: Miles and Dave scramble out of the car, Miles clutches a
text: BRIEFCASE, hobbling. Dave helps him -—
text: Miles FIRING at the oncoming Towncar - It swerves, grinding
text: to a halt by the Jaguar. WALTER, a serious looking black dude
text: jumps out of the car -
text: Miles and Dave, scramble INTO AN ALLEY, Miles tripping,
text: dropping the briefcase, contents spilling out:
text: A bunch of STAFF PAPER with musical notes scrawled on them
text: fly away in the wind - plus A REEL TO REEL TAPE in a can
text: rolls out... (labeled: 7-9-78).
text: Miles lurches for the tape, and at the storm of papers
text: blowing around him - it all means everything to him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME- DAY
text: LOW CRAZY ANGLE. Where are we. All is SILENT save for a
text: guttural, soft, scratchy, scatting. The CAMERA MOVES along
text: the floor, discovering a COCKROACH, moving quickly, darting
text: in and out of pockets of light, and over clutter, scattered
text: debris, discarded food wrappers, searching for something
text: clearly not found. A wad of paper crashes to the floor near
text: the bug, sending it scurrying off for cover. We TILT UP a
text: pair of raggedy SLIPPERS, dark, ashen heels stuffed into
text: them, up rusty CALVES, the back of a worn out CHAIR and up
text: over the slumped shoulders of a man hunched there, HEADPHONES
text: plastered on his ears, a pair of wrinkled, charcoal hands
text: jammed tightly over them. A REEL TO REEL tape machine spools
text: out unheard music. 7-9-78 written on the label.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Duh - duh - da - dee - da - Da -
dialog: dee - da -
text: We PAN finding Miles framed like a never before seen iconic
text: photo of the cool; his ebony skin challenging the darkness of
text: his surroundings - he's a stunning sight. His chiseled
text: features softened by shadow, his lithesome form draped in
text: pale silks. In an instant, his spidery fingers run tender
text: circles around the perimeters of his scatting lips, like a
text: memory of lost, but not forgotten love, then to a nearby PAD
text: of STAFF PAPER. Miles scrawls, jotting hieroglyphics, the
text: encrypted language of the papers just seen blowing in the
dialog: wind...
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Da - dada - dee - dumdum - da -
text: A DISTANT ANGLE. Dark. Steamy sunlight begs at the hems of
text: drawn curtains. A former church. Little recollection of
text: religion in the ghostly curves of the place. Now it feels
text: haunted. Weeks, months of clothes strewn about, dirty dishes,
text: empty Heineken and cognac bottles, magazines, newspapers and
text: grime carpet the floor, spiders perched in spiderwebs.
text: Drips of errant flickering light from a TV OFF-SCREEN play
text: with the corners of the frame. On the silent screen, GRAINY
text: STOCK FOOTAGE of boxer JACK JOHNSON, July 4, 1910, the "Fight
scene_heading: of the Century" against Great White Hope JAMES J. JEFFRIES
text: before 20,000 people in Reno. In the 15th round Johnson
text: knocks Jeffries down, and the nearly all white crowd jeers,
text: spitting rage...
text: We gather details of a lusciously frayed, once elegant
text: tricked out pad of animal skins, Lucite and leather.
text: PHOTOS on the wall shelves, on top of the piano, of Miles
dialog: with everyone who's anyone, playing everywhere on the planet.
text: The world-beater. A sign says: "No Visitors"
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Da - datdat - dedaw - dat - dat
text: Miles sits riveted, eyes squeezed shut, 7-9-78 coming through
text: the headphones, as he scrawls on the pad, like a physicist
text: trying to work out The Theory of Everything. Miles’ face
text: contorts as a sudden pain shoots through his hip. He reaches
text: for it, his arm in the headphone cable, inadvertently pulling
text: it from the machine and letting in an almost painful
scene_heading: CACOPHONY OF SOUNDS:
text: STREET NOISES; car HORNS, shouting, other people’s shitty
dialog: music, etc.
text: A TEA KETTLE on the KITCHEN STOVE WHISTLING for all its
dialog: worth...
text: The PHONE RINGING and RINGING...
text: INCESSANT KNOCKING ON THE FRONT DOOR...
text: ON THE RADIO: Miles Davis, "So What" from "Kind of Blue".
text: Miles sits in the midst of it all for a beat.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: ...fuck...
text: Miles takes the headphones off, his concentration blown. He
text: stuffs them into the table DRAWER the reel to reel machine
text: sits on. The drawer sticks and Miles battles with the broken
text: thing, frustration ultimately winning, and leaves it half
dialog: shut. This writing session is over.
text: Miles' eyes adjust to the light, peek up, like flickering
text: embers - stare at his TRUMPET on it's stand, shimmering brass
text: beneath the dust, like a glimmer of life, staring at him,
text: challenging him to pick it up and play.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: 'Fuck you looking at?
text: As to a wife in a marriage that has climbed downward from
text: love, to war, to neglect. In an instant, and unresolved.
text: Miles painfully stands and we almost hear the creeks of rough
text: living. He squints hard as he turns to go into the kitchen,
text: pivoting on his ruined hip. When Miles opens his eyes he sees-
text: FRANCES TAYLOR, early 30s, staring at him, perfection in milk
text: chocolate, uncorrupted by the decay around her, with an aura
dialog: of where you want to be. She glides by locking him in her
text: gaze, an enigmatic look on her face.
text: Miles straightens up, locks into her eyes. He starts to speak
text: but Frances almost imperceptibly shakes her head, “no,” and
text: walks on, HER LEGS, forever, and ever, as she turns and goes
dialog: up the staircase especially designed for this singular
text: perfect view, and disappears into the BEDROOM, Gone from his
dialog: sight.
text: Miles nods, picks up a half empty Heineken off the table and
text: tugs it back on the move, navigating through shadows thrown
text: by the cracks of light. Lays the empty beer bottle down on a
text: table with others.
text: Passing, ignoring the RINGING PHONE...
text: Passing, ignoring his own sounds on the RADIO
text: Passing, ignoring the KNOCKING ON THE DOOR...
text: Passing the TV - throwing a stiff right hook into the air in
text: unison with Jack Johnson, who knocks Jeffries down for a
dialog: second time...
text: INTO THE KITCHEN...stove on, pours green tea into a cup -
text: sips, soothes his throat, lights a cigarette. After a long
text: drag Miles focuses in on the blue flame of the stove burner.
text: He’s captivated by the significance of the vision, if only
dialog: for himself.
text: The FRONT DOOR KNOCKING STOPS and the cessation of this sound
text: snaps Miles out of it. He crosses back to the living room.
text: TAPPING ON THE WINDOW now, Miles ignores it; through a CRACK
text: IN THE CURTAIN, we see the face of a pissed off Dave
dialog: Braden...
text: Finally, Miles has had it, and Miles picks up the RINGING
speaker_heading: PHONE:
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KINGSTON MACK (V.O.)
dialog: (thick Kingston accent)
dialog: Ah, you dere, huh, bumbaclot? You
dialog: gonna make me hurt you, man.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Oh, is that right?
dialog: (yells at the window)
dialog: Get the fuck away from my window.
text: Dave pops his head back out, leaving his post, disappears.
speaker_heading: KINGSTON MACK (V.O.)
dialog: Don’t play ‘round with your life,
dialog: junkie. I fronted you product. You
dialog: know what that means.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Fuck you, Mack. Get in line.
speaker_heading: KINGSTON (V.O.)
dialog: You show your junkie face in any my
dialog: spots and -
text: Miles hangs up.
text: ON THE RADIO, "So What" ends - DJ PHIL SCHAAP comes on,
text: rapping in the background:
speaker_heading: SCHAAP (V.O.)
dialog: Phil Schaap with you on KCWC-FM,
dialog: New York, with the Miles Davis
dialog: Marathon. That was the seminal "So
dialog: What", from "Kind of Blue", 1959.
dialog: That's the one in the time capsule,
dialog: folks. The one they'll be talking
dialog: about in a thousand years. The one
dialog: you save from a burning building.
text: The culmination. The mountaintop...
text: Miles looks at the stereo SPEAKER, doesn't like what Schaap's
dialog: saying.
text: Miles pulls some reading glasses out of a little drawer
text: filled with the things and grabs a YELLOW PAGES off the
text: floor. He lights a cigarette, rips through the book until he
text: finds a number,. THE PHONE RINGS. Miles picks it up -
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hello, is this Mi -
text: Miles hangs it up, picks it up again and dials. While it
text: rings on the other end, Miles runs his finger over some
text: cocaine residue on the table, and brushes his upper gums.
speaker_heading: SCHAAP (V.O.)
dialog: If you're out there listening,
dialog: Miles, we miss you, the world
dialog: misses you. Five years is just too
dialog: long. Please, come back.
speaker_heading: RADIO OPERATOR (V.O.)
speaker_heading: WKCR-FM.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: It's Miles Davis... Yeah, really.
dialog: Put that motherfucker Schaap on the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: SCHAAP (V.0.)
dialog: After Miles put his stamp on this
dialog: new music, the modal form, he went
dialog: on to --
dialog: (beat, stunned)
dialog: Really? Oh, my goodness, this is
dialog: incredible... Folks, I believe we
text: have the Miles Davis on the line.
dialog: (picks up the phone/on
dialog: air)
dialog: Mr. Davis, is this really you?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Yeah, it’s me.
speaker_heading: SCHAAP
dialog: My goodness. What an honor. This is-
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You talk too damn much. A time
dialog: capsule is for old shit, dead shit.
dialog: And I missed on "Kind of Blue".
speaker_heading: SCHAAP (V.O.)
dialog: Missed? But Mr. Davis, I think most
dialog: people would say it's a
dialog: masterpiece. How exactly did you
dialog: miss?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: This ain’t a interview. I'm a tough
dialog: guy and I know tougher guys. If you
dialog: tape this, I'll kill you. You got
dialog: that?
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: SCHAAP (V.O.)
dialog: Yes sir, I got that.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Good. Now, forget it.
dialog: (shift)
dialog: And throw on some of that Sketches
dialog: of Spain for me.
text: Miles hangs up the phone. Sips more tea, fleetingly butts out
text: his cigarette in an overflowing ashtray, lights another one -
text: Dave Braden reappears, starts KNOCKING ON THE WINDOW again.
text: Miles ignores him, goes to an EASEL with an in-process, wet
text: OIL PAINTING of a lush, mostly red and black, Picasso-esque
text: woman in the stands of a bullfight, a dark-skinned matador
text: stands in the ring.
text: He stops, steps back, picks up the paint brush, dips it in
text: color, adds a couple strokes to the work, studies it for a
dialog: few moments...
speaker_heading: SCHAAP (V.O.)
dialog: This one’s for you, Mr. Davis.
dialog: Concierto De Aranjuez (Adagio),
dialog: from Sketches of Spain...
dialog: As "Concierto De Aranjuez (Adagio)", the romantic, epic music
text: of battle...comes on the radio...
text: A muffled conversation in front of his door pulls Miles'
text: attention then - PHUMP -today's mail comes through the slot,
text: landing on a pile of weeks of unopened mail. Miles walks over
text: to the mail and with his bare foot sifts through today's
text: arrivals.
text: Dave starts knocking again, creaks open the mail slot.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mr. Davis. If you could just open
text: the door for a moment...
text: Miles doesn't find what he's looking for. A storm cloud forms
text: around him.
text: Miles walks over to the phone, dials. On the other end,
text: George Butler's secretary answers:
speaker_heading: GEORGE'S SECRETARY (V.O.)
text: George Butler's office.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: It’s Miles.
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: GEORGE'S SECRETARY (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, sir. Hold a moment.
text: A few moments later, HEAR GEORGE on the other end answer.
text: He's solicitous, respectful. But this an old conversation.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (V.O.)
dialog: Hey, how are -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: My money didn't come today.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (V.O.)
dialog: Hello, Miles.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Where's my check? $20,000.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (V.O.)
dialog: (careful but firm)
dialog: Where is the session tape?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You trying to piss me off?
speaker_heading: GEORGE (V.O.)
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Of course not, Miles, but we've
dialog: been over this; we can't release
dialog: more money —
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Same shit -
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: - until Columbia gets that new
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: George-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I know there's gold on that tape,
dialog: Miles. $20,000 is chump change
dialog: compared to the business we’re
dialog: going to do.
text: Miles fumes silently.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, man, let's do it. Let's
dialog: put our heads together and really
dialog: start working on that comeback.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I didn't go nowhere, George. Now
dialog: you want some music, send me my
dialog: money.
text: Miles slams the phone down. Dave starts knocking again as
text: “SKETCHES OF SPAIN" swells. Miles crosses tears open the door
text: with the chain on, his jaw seriously working his chewing gum -
text: Dave Braden stands there dressed differently than in the
text: opening shoot out. No style: tweed, corduroy, loosened tie,
text: drops of red on his shirt, fresh scrape on his cheek,
text: reddening around his eye. Dave's wearing some kind of story
text: that he's in the middle of.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mr. Davis, hello. Really sorry to
dialog: bother you but, I’m Dave Braden,
dialog: Rolling Stone Magazine?
text: Miles shuts the door - Dave sticks his foot in, preventing
dialog: the door from closing. Miles' look - are you crazy?
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Waitaminute...I'm here to do your
dialog: comeback story.
text: Wrong word. Miles expression changes. He nods.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Okay.
text: The door closes. Dave straightens up, tucks in, slicks back
text: his hair, trying to appear half-way presentable.
text: Miles flings the door open and - POW - clocks Dave in the
text: face, Dave stumbles back -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What the - ?
text: - recovers, fending Miles off. He blocks another punch -
text: grabs hold of Miles shoving both of them into a crazy dosey-
dialog: doe, and suddenly:
text: Miles is OUTSIDE, barefoot, while Dave is INSIDE. Dave slams
text: the door in Mile's face.
text: INTERCUT: MILES OUTSIDE, DAVE INSIDE - Miles pounds on the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Open the door!
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Take it easy!
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Open it!
text: Dave backs away from the door, takes the opportunity to walk
text: up the three steps, push open the saloon doors and peer into
dialog: the room.
text: ANGLE: PANS TO tape on the reel to reel, painting, boxing on
text: the TV, the ruinous decadent decay, evidence of empty cocaine
text: bindles and residue; not what he was expecting. Dave pulls
text: out a small pocket camera (Agfa Optima 535); flash, flash,
text: flash... Stows that then produces a TAPE RECORDER, pushes
speaker_heading: RECORD.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (on hush, quick)
text: Inside the master’s disheveled
dialog: lair, the rumors now reality,
dialog: jazz's Howard Hughes reviled and
dialog: revealed -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Open the goddamned door!
text: Dave stows his works, comes back to the door.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Alright. No more punching, man.
text: Dave opens the door and Miles charges in, his hip aching,
dialog: coming at Dave -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Get the fuck outta my house.
text: Hands up, Dave back-peddles, defensively away from Miles and
text: deeper into room...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Calm down, Mr. Davis, please. I'm -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: That's the wrong way!
text: Miles goes to a nearby drawer and retrieves gets his .38
dialog: special.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Shit, hold it... I... It's a job -
dialog: 14
text: Dave trips back over a table, falls to the ground - as Miles
text: arrives over him, and Dave blurts it out like a safe word.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Columbia! Your record company set
dialog: it up!
dialog: Miles stops -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Columbia.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yes. I’m just a writer, man.
dialog: After a scary moment -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Can you drive, motherfucker?
text: SUPER: Splash Fades up. Fades out...
scene_heading: INT. MILES’ JAGUAR/EXT. MILES’ MANHATTAN HOME- A MINUTE LATER
text: Dave is in the driver’s seat, checking out the freshest
text: reddening “mouse” under his eye in the rearview mirror -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Prick...
text: The front door of the house opens - Miles peeks out gingerly
text: into the sun, then exits, now wearing a dope brocade robe,
text: silk scarf and sunglasses, looking around, paranoid -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Open the damn door.
text: - as he hobbles down the stairs to the car - Dave reaches
text: across the console and pops open the passenger door for
text: Miles, who gets in. Clocks Dave’s running tape recorder on
text: the dashboard.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: What the fuck is that?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You mind?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Take that thing off my goddamned
dialog: dash or I’m gonna slap you in the
text: mouth with it.
dialog: 15
text: Dave starts to comeback on Miles but bites his tongue, coming
text: out like something between a cough and a laugh. He pockets
text: the thing, but not before he depresses RECORD. And Miles is
text: already scouring the car's interior for cocaine - glove
text: compartment, map pocket, finding nothing but empty BINDLES
text: which he crumbles up and tosses. Dave clocks the behavior.
text: Miles looks at him -
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's go.
text: Dave works the ignition but it’s not turning over.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Pump it.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah, I know how to...
text: The car grumbles to life - ENGINE ROARS - the 5/4, 6/4 break,
text: kinetic freedom of "Splash" on the SOUNDTRACK, and they pull
text: away from the curb just as an MG with 2 people inside, JANICE
text: 25, black, and DIETER, 50, white, pulls up right where they
text: were. Dieter opens the door and stands. Janice hops out, runs
text: to the front of the car, calls out.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Miles!
text: Miles and Dave don't hear or see Janice and Dieter.
text: Dave studies Miles for a beat.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: So, where're we going?
dialog: No answer.
scene_heading: INT./EXT - JAGUAR - CITY DRIVING/STOPLIGHT - DAY
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Look, maybe we got off on the wrong
dialog: foot. I just need to get a little
dialog: background -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I gotta do your homework for you?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Well, I could write some bullshit I
dialog: got out of some...magazine.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: But it'd be nice to hear it in your
dialog: own words, you know?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Miles Davis story. My words.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: That would be great.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Ok. I was born... went to New York,
dialog: met some cats, made some music, did
dialog: some dope, made some more music...
dialog: ...then you came to my house. Take
text: a left.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Great. Guess I'll fill in the
text: blanks later.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: It's what all you motherfuckers do
dialog: anyway.
text: Miles points. Dave turns left -
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBIA RECORDS - A BIT LATER
text: Dave parks in front of the Columbia Records Building. Miles
text: snatches the keys out of the ignition, gets out. Dave isn't
dialog: moving -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I'll wait down here.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Get the fuck out of my car.
text: Clear enough. Dave opens the door -
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA RECORDS/GEORGE'S OFFICE - MINUTES LATER
text: Miles storms in with disheveled Dave, breaking up the
dialog: meeting.
dialog: 17
text: Photos of Miles performing, and with George, populate the
text: office. All eyes turn to the duo. GEORGE BUTLER, 48, black,
text: soft-spoken style, stands up behind a large desk.
text: In front of George’s desk, 2 WHITE EXECUTIVES, 40s, sit in
text: chairs. In a 3rd chair off to the side is another white exec,
text: well dressed and coiffed, KEN SCHWINN, 30.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Miles -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Don’t send people to my house.
dialog: Write some dumb, fucking article...
dialog: Write a check, George.
text: George's secretary, outside the office, looks in at George,
text: shrugs, "sorry" - George waves her off, "it's okay" - she
text: returns to her desk.
text: Sitting on the couch behind Miles and Dave (and unnoticed by
text: them) is a slender man, white, sharply tailored, a touch of
text: the royal slick: HARPER HAMILTON, 35, his right hand man,
text: Walter, and JUNIOR, 22, thin, black, good looking, jittery,
text: jonesing, a little sweaty, but sharp, if a bit wrinkled. His
text: trumpet case at his feet. When Junior sees Miles, he perks
text: up, his idol right in front of him.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Wait a second, Miles, I -
text: Miles pushes Dave over toward George, Dave jerks his arm
dialog: away, handled enough for one day.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Take your boy back.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I didn't send anybody to your
dialog: house, Miles.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Ok, guys -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You send this motherfucker to my
dialog: house to write some comeback story?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I've never laid eyes on this guy.
dialog: 18
text: Miles slow burns Dave.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Dave Braden.
text: George is waiting impatiently -
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: --- Rolling Stone Magazine.
text: George buzzes his secretary -
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (to his secretary)
dialog: Get me Jann Wenner at Rolling
dialog: Stone, please.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Um, I'm not sure Jann, himself,
dialog: actually knows I'm here.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And why is that?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Look, a source here at Columbia,
dialog: not saying who, told me about
dialog: Miles’ session and that you guys
dialog: were probably already long lead
dialog: planning for the whole, you know,
dialog: comeback, promotional thing and -
text: Dave peters out. It sits there like a log for a beat.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Man, you see this? This is the
dialog: bullshit that happens when y’all
dialog: start -
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Miles -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Can I say something -
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You can get out -
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I do a session ya'll already got it
text: out over the wire.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: In fairness, that was almost a year
dialog: ago —
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: So what?! Can't wait to saddle me
dialog: up again, huh? The fuckin'
dialog: comeback.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Call it whatever you -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: There is no Columbia without me.
dialog: How many records I cut for you,
dialog: George? And I can’t take some time
dialog: off?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Of course you can. And you have.
dialog: And now you have new material and
dialog: we're all incredibly excited to -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: My material, man, my tape. And if I
dialog: don’t wanna give it to you -
text: Ken, a take charge guy, puts up his hand, nods at George -
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Guys, guys, can I get in here a
dialog: sec...?
text: Miles snaps a look.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (a warning)
dialog: Ken...
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: S'okay. I got it. Ken Schwinn, A&R.
dialog: Now, Miles, as you know, you're
dialog: under contract here, and we paid
dialog: for that recording session, so we
dialog: actually own that tape and whatever
dialog: music is it. Legally. And I don't
dialog: mean this as a threat but - and
dialog: George, back me up here -
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: GEORGE (0.S.)
dialog: Miles!
text: BAM - GUNSHOT! the LAMP right next Ken's head shatters. Ken
text: yelps, ducks.
text: Miles stands still, .38 smoking in his hand. Dave's looking
text: at Miles, sort of "holy shit" impressed. Ken and the other
text: white guys are cowering.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You own my music? You must be a
dialog: rich man, then. How much money you
dialog: got?
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: What?
text: George's Secretary runs to the door flushed. George holds up
text: a staying hand, freezing her. Miles walks up to Ken.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: On you. Right now. How much?
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Uh, uh...I...uh...4-5 hundred -—
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You know what they say in Missouri?
dialog: Show me!
text: Ken takes out a gold money clip, Miles grabs it, tests its
dialog: heft, turns to George -
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: You ‘bout nineteen thousand light,
dialog: but that's a start.
text: - stuffs it into his jacket pocket. Harper stands, impressed,
text: laughing, clapping.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Oh, man. Check that motherfucker,
dialog: Mr. Davis. I love that.
text: Miles swings around, business end gun not exactly pointed at
text: Harper, but close enough - Walter reaches like he might have
text: a piece too, but Harper stops him -
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: (nice)
dialog: Hey, hey... be nice...
text: Walter relaxes. Harper reaches out to shake Miles' hand.
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Harper Hamilton...
text: Miles and Harper eye to eye. Game recognizing Game.
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: What an honor, sir. If I may, I'ma
dialog: producer, working with this kid -
text: He points to Junior.
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: That's Junior...
text: Miles looks sideways at the kid, Junior’s gaze, semi-defiant,
text: looking back, trying to be cool.
text: Harper cocks his head, nonchalantly plays air trumpet -
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
text: Scary. He’s playing a late set at
dialog: the Vanguard tomorrow night. Love
dialog: it if you’d be my honored
dialog: guest...label mate.
dialog: (drops the bomb, gesturing
dialog: to George)
dialog: We’re working out a deal here, too.
text: Miles looks at George. Judas. George shrugs, "What do you
text: want from me? It's business." Miles shakes his head, just
text: been replaced. Harper goes on.
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: You're a fight fan, right?
text: Harper reaches back toward Walter, snaps - Walter puts two
text: passes in his hand.
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: I got a boxer on the card at the
dialog: Cathedral tomorrow night. Maybe
dialog: you'd like to check that out too,
dialog: we can talk a little shop...
text: Harper holds out the passes to Miles. Beat. We hear Dave's
text: tape recorder CLICK off in his pocket and all eyes turn to
text: him. Miles sticks out his hand. Dave sheepishly reaches into
text: his pocket and turns the tape recorder over to Miles.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: And I'm the asshole in the room,
dialog: right?
dialog: 11
dialog: 22
text: Miles chucks the tape recorder into the waste basket, and
text: walks out, Junior watching his every step.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (calling after)
dialog: Miles...
dialog: (to Dave)
dialog: You. Let's go...
text: George grabs Dave's arm, starts escorting him out.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hold it, hold it...
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA RECORDS/OUTSIDE GEORGE'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Dave pulls away. Harper watches, out of focus in the office
speaker_heading: BG.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Waitaminute, Mr. Butler! Listen,
dialog: listen...
dialog: (steps up close)
dialog: I get you that tape, me and you can
dialog: do some business?
text: George starts to answer then stops himself. He gives Dave a
text: hard look but doesn't say "no." And in that space -
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Got it. Don’t say another word.
dialog: (he turns to the
dialog: receptionist)
dialog: Stairs!
text: The receptionist points. Dave flies off toward a door,
text: knocking past a worker.
text: Harper's made his way to the doorway, leans on the jamb -
speaker_heading: RACK FOCUS -
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Man. What a waste. He's probably
dialog: more profitable dead than alive
dialog: now, huh?
text: George out of focus in the foreground.
dialog: 11
dialog: 23
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA RECORDS/ELEVATOR - SAME
text: Miles sits back against the rail - what these muthufuckas
text: just made him do. His hip now. Dull persistent ache. Can't
text: escape himself - his music: the be-bop, uptempo "Tempus
text: Fugit" mocks him from the speakers as a collage of Columbia
text: covers/artists silently study him. Chief among them is
dialog: Frances, again - on the cover of "Someday My Prince Will
text: Come". He wants to look at her, but doesn't, won't...but
text: she's looking at him. Miles pushes at the back wall of the
text: elevator and it rolls back on casters opening onto -
scene_heading: INT. LOS ANGELES CLUB - NIGHT 1957
text: A small group playing on stage, seen from the wings. The
text: CAMERA moves around the band members - winds, brass, drummer,
text: the pianist and eventually comes around finding Miles Davis,
text: 18 years younger, stepping up to the mic, center stage,
dialog: killing it in this intimate venue. Watch him blow.
text: SUPER: Tempus Fugit Fades up. Fades out...
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CONVERTIBLE CAR - LOS ANGELES 1957 NIGHT
text: Buddy, 30s, drives. Pretty NORA, black, 20s, up front with
text: Buddy. Miles, stylish, hair done in a marcel process, is in
dialog: back with his beauty, AVA, 20s, white. Miles is high, you can
text: see that shit in his eyes. Laughs and good times all around.
text: Ava stands, arms raised, all sexy abandon, starts screaming
text: as loud as she can. Miles pulls Ava back down, rubber necks
dialog: for cops. Zoom...
scene_heading: EXT. FRANCES’ HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Buddy pulls over to the curb, parks.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Gotta give this little bird a thing
dialog: for my friend. Be right back.
text: Gets a Tiffany's box from the glovebox. Buddy exits the car,
text: crosses the road to a small APARTMENT BUILDING, open air,
text: California-style, rings the buzzer.
text: Miles' attention is snatched away from Ava as Frances appears
text: at the top of the landing of her building. She walks down the
text: stairs - those legs. The first time he's laid eyes on her.
text: Takes his breath away.
dialog: 24
text: As Ava and Nora talk, Miles gets out of the car, leans on it,
text: lights up a cigarette.
text: Buddy and Frances greet, he gives her the Tiffany's box,
text: she's pleased, thanks him, they chat a minute, but her eyes
text: find Miles across the street, and they lock in a forever
text: moment sealing their future. Miles turns back to the car,
text: masking the following: Miles dips into his pocket, comes out
text: light, only a couple singles.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Ava, Let me hold Mr. Jackson.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: Sure, Miles...
text: Ava hands Miles a $20 bill.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: And, hand me that pen.
text: Ava reaches into her purse, hands Miles her pen. He drops his
text: cigarette, grinds it out as he strides across the street.
text: Buddy turns to walk back, Miles passes him and steps up to
dialog: Frances.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi. I'm Miles Davis.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I know. - Frances Taylor.
text: Miles pulls out the $20, writes his details on it, holds it
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Now you don't have to stare.
text: Frances smiles, shrugs, let’s him just hang for a beat before
text: eventually taking the bill. Miles smiles, turns, walking back
text: to the car cool as shit. Somewhere a phone rings.
speaker_heading: MILES (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: (soft, smoky)
dialog: Come watch me dance, Miles.
dialog: 25
scene_heading: INT. NYC THEATRE/GRAND THEATRE — DAY
text: Miles steps into the shadows of the wings, smoking a
text: cigarette, digging the PORGY AND BESS rehearsal; for him it's
dialog: all about the lead dancer: Frances.
text: Standing by Miles is his close friend and arranger, GIL
text: EVANS, 40s - white, rail thin, a natty argyle style,
text: contrasting Miles' finely tailored Italian suit.
text: Frances is playing Bess - lusty, steamy in her moves. She
text: inspires Miles, she seems to be looking right at him, dancing
text: just for him - it's all over his face, he's falling in love.
text: His inspired eyes drift to the TRIO; he ZOOMS IN ON the piano
text: keys, the ways the musician moves, collecting, co-opting -
text: and then back to FRANCES, the key to it all -- dancing a sexy
text: pas-de-deux with the chiseled, handsome LEAD DANCER; Miles
text: clouds over.
text: Fran stops the music with a wave of her hand.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Hang on. Let’s do that last section
dialog: again. From the diminuendo?
speaker_heading: CHOREOGRAPHER
dialog: Sure.
text: Frances cues the pianist, they begin again.
text: Miles clocks a couple white men (producers/financiers) ,
text: looking, in Miles’ mind, at Frances like he does - with
text: desire; he's suddenly jealous knowing the men can see up her
text: skirt as it flies and flutters around her.
text: Miles looks threatened, angry, his gut turning, surprised by
text: his reactions, all new for him, this obsessive desire to
text: possess a woman.
text: Frances spies Miles in the wings, and locks in, relishing her
text: power over him. She purposefully pushes away from her partner
text: and pirouettes in Miles’ direction, using him as her spot.
text: Almost there, she trips... Miles grabs for Frances, but
text: BEFORE he catches her -—
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA RECORDS/STAIRWELL - DAY
text: Dave surfing/tripping down the stairs, “completes” Frances’
text: fall but now in ‘79. Dave hits the landing hard.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Ow. Shit -
dialog: 26
text: He scrambles to his feet, continues limping, down the flight
dialog: of stairs.
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA RECORDS/LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: Miles exits the elevator as Dave emerges from the stairwell,
text: trailing Miles through the lobby and eventually outside.
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBIA RECORDS BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Dave bolts from the building, gets to the car as Miles get
text: in, the Jag a little boxed in by parked cars -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey, I got you, it's cool, I'll
dialog: drive.
text: Miles shuts his door. Dave talks through the closed window. -
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I should've told you what was
dialog: up right off -
text: Miles sticks the key in the ignition, cranks it but the
dialog: ignition won’t turn over -
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I understand where you're
dialog: coming from with those guys up
dialog: there -
text: The car finally roars to life and Miles put it in reverse
text: preparing to pull out. Dave rushes in front of the car,
text: making his case through the windshield.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: - it's never enough, right! They
dialog: just suck you dry and fuck you
dialog: over!
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JAGUAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Miles looks back to check behind him, the turn itself hurting
dialog: - that hip's a bitch today -- and no medicine yet - fuck!
dialog: Dave clocks it.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Listen, listen, listen, listen -
text: Sidling up.
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: - fuck the interview, okay? Let's
dialog: get right. I know what you need,
dialog: man. Let me get you right!
text: Miles looks at him sideways, eases off the gas a bit.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (mouthing big)
dialog: I probably shouldn't shout this
dialog: next part.
text: Dave gambles, creeps around to the drivers side, motions
text: Miles to crack his window --
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I know a guy, gets it like, whooo,
dialog: from the root, it's good, not
dialog: stepped on, we can go right now.
text: Beat. They stare at each other. Then Miles gets out of the
text: car. Dave steps back, makes space for this pissed off man
text: with a gun.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You're a crazy, white motherfucker,
dialog: you know that?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah, I know.
text: Miles crosses around the Jaguar, gets in the passenger seat.
text: Daves looks in at him -
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: So...?
text: Dave gestures toward the driver's seat.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You waitin' for me to put a hankie
dialog: down?
text: Dave slides behind the wheel -
scene_heading: INT/EXT. MILES' JAGUAR STATIC - CONTINUOUS
text: Miles watches the street for a beat then -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Where we going?
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Columbia.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: We just left Columbia, muthafucka.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: The other one, muthafucka.
text: They drive off into traffic...
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY - A BIT LATER
text: Dave and Miles Drive up in the Jaguar right in front of a
text: dorm building, in the red zone.
scene_heading: INT. MILES' JAGUAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Getting out of the car - Miles looking around like, “really?”
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (trust me)
dialog: Really.
scene_heading: EXT. DORM BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER
text: Dave holds the dorm building door open for Miles.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I did a story on this kid’s father.
dialog: Big shot doctor who... crazy shit,
dialog: doesn’t matter. Anyway, the rich
dialog: little fucker's got the goods...
dialog: Miles follows Dave -
scene_heading: INT. DORM BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER
text: At a dorm room door down the hall now.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: How much you holding?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Whatever’s in that clip.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Alright, just follow my lead.
dialog: 29
text: Miles scoffs. Dave knocks on a dorm room door. The only
text: reaction to Dave’s knocking is the volume on the music going
text: up. Is that the sound of fucking under the music?
text: Dave raps harder. Miles’ got that look on - ‘shit better be
dialog: here or you’re dead.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (0.8.)
dialog: Later.
text: Dave really bangs on the door, when finally it opens -
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: What the -
text: Revealing an exasperated and slightly out of breath 22-year-
text: old skinny white kid, boxer shorts, severe bed-head: A jam
text: plays on the stereo. A bong and weed on the table, the kid
dialog: wasn't expecting company.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (especially this company -—
dialog: in fact the last person
dialog: he’d expect to see)
dialog: No, uh-uh —
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Justin, wait -
text: Justin goes to close the door, but Dave leans in - stalemate.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Who the fuck are you to show up at
dialog: my - you know what “off the record”
dialog: means, asshole?
text: Justin tries to close the door, Dave holds it.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Aw, c’mon man, you knew what was up
dialog: with that. You wanted to burn your
dialog: old man and I helped. So what -
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: So what?!
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (enough)
dialog: Get on with it, man.
text: That signature voice draws Justin’s attention. It takes a
dialog: second to register but when it does, a “holy fuck... Is that
text: Miles Davis?” look spreads across Justin’s face.
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (that’s right)
dialog: Uh huh.
text: Dave pushes the door open revealing Miles Davis to Justin.
text: Dave and and Miles enter.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Yeah, I’m... Come in.
text: They already are in but Justin is a little stunned with one
text: of his idols in front of him. Dave closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. DORM ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Inside, a naked blonde co-ed, TAMI, is on the bed, covering
dialog: herself with a sheet. She's real cute.
dialog: Look around the room, state of the art, daddy paid for stereo
text: system - kind of a loungy pad, old leather couch, couple cool
text: books strewn about, signed posters on the wall; Coltrane,
dialog: Jimmy Page, James Brown.
text: Justin can’t take his eyes off Miles.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Let's do this quick.
dialog: (off Tami)
dialog: We don’t want to take up too much
dialog: of your time.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: C'mere a second, man -
text: But it’s Justin who moves in close to Dave - authoritative
dialog: and star-struck at the same time -
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: What is going on? Why is he with
dialog: you, I mean, why are you with him.
dialog: What do you -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey, genius...
text: Dave stares at him, waiting for the nickle to drop. Justin
text: looks to Miles, back to Dave, gets it.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Oooohhhh, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah -—
text: Justin moves to and opens a locked drawer, a scale and
text: cocaine inside.
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: So, what can I do you for?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Make it an ei--
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: - a quarter.
text: Dave shoots Miles a look. Miles just stares at him.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Quarter. Yes, sir.
text: When Justin scoots off to the stash, Miles pats his pocket,
dialog: the .38 nestled inside. “This can go another way too, you
dialog: know." Dave tries to keep cool, but this is fucked up. Miles
text: sniffs deeply, clears the pipes as Justin weighs out the
text: dope. He ain’t leaving with a flake less than 7 grams.
text: Justin’s oblivious.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You know who the fuck this is,
dialog: Tami?
text: Tami half shrugs. Justin’s words come out in an excited whir.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Wow. What a fucking honor. I have a
dialog: bunch of your --
dialog: (points across the room)
dialog: -- and not just yours -- I mean,
dialog: the whole, you know... original
dialog: experience. Blues, gospel... Black
text: music is where it’s at.
text: Justin looks Miles up and down, seemingly really seeing him
text: in his dishevelled state for the first time.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You... want to sit down, Mr. Davis?
dialog: In Miles eyes, “fuck you and your pity” - but he covers.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Yeah. Scoot over, Tami.
text: Dave chuckles. Tami grins, scoots over, pats the mattress
text: next to her. Justin smiles, shakes his head -
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Alright.
text: Justin holds out the bag of coke to Miles -
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: That's eight-hundred even.
text: Miles tosses Justin the short clip. Dave goes in:
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa, what?! Yeah, it’s
dialog: $600 any other day I don’t come in
dialog: here with him, right?!
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: What are you talking -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: (to Dave)
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa? C’mere, man!
text: Justin goes over close to Dave again. Less sycophantic.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: First you fuck me and now you’re
dialog: gonna fuck me?
text: Dave talks loud.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Forget this kid, Miles. He's a
dialog: crook. You’re a crook, Justin.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Fuck you -
dialog: (makes his case to Miles)
dialog: - this is the price, Mr. Davis.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You've got to be joking -
text: Dave goes over to Justin’s extensive record collection, and
text: pulls out one classic Miles record after another, naming them-
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT’D)
dialog: Look at this... Birth of the Cool,
dialog: Porgy and Bess, Sketches of Spain,
dialog: Kind of Blue-- Jesus, you got a
dialog: whole lifetime of this man’s stuff
dialog: and you're shystering him -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (playing along)
dialog: Which one does he play, Tami?
dialog: 33
text: Tami hums "So What” the famous first two notes in Miles’
dialog: canon.
speaker_heading: TAMI
dialog: Doo-do
speaker_heading: TAMI (CONT'D)
dialog: He plays that one a lot - that one
dialog: too. I like that one.
text: Miles walks over to the collection, has a look for himself,
text: finds “Someday MPWC”, pulls it out.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Of course you do.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Listen, I’m not shystering you, Mr.
dialog: Davis. Look -
dialog: (counts the cash, peels
dialog: off a couple bills, puts
dialog: them on the table)
dialog: - This is fine. I’1l give you an
dialog: eighth.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Man, you're still stupid...
text: Dave picks up the albums.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: .--"give” him an eighth. Go get me
dialog: a fucking pen.
text: Dave hits the right note. Justin pricks up. This is gold.
text: Dave glances at Miles who smiles slightly Dave's solo
text: (Coltrane), both of them playing this kid now. Miles then
text: turns, dead serious.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Just do a couple, Miles...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Um um.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Right. Sorry. I was thinking...
dialog: Forget it. That was stupid. Let’s
dialog: go.
text: Dave plops the records down.
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Wait, w-w-waitwaitwait...just hold
dialog: on. Listen...I - I’m sorry -
dialog: (in tight to Miles,
dialog: confession)
dialog: Look, I’d go ape-shit if you would
dialog: sign a couple of these for me. You
dialog: do that, it’1l cover what you're
dialog: short.
text: Justin finds a pen, holds it out to Miles -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: For the quarter, yeah?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Yeah, for the quarter, what do you
dialog: think I’m saying, jerk?
text: Miles “reluctantly” takes the pen. Justin grabs the records,
text: hands them to Miles with reverence.
text: As he signs, Miles looks at the iconic record covers for a
dialog: moment. Been a minute since he’s really looked at any of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: This is the old shit, man. I've
dialog: done like fifteen albums since
dialog: "Kind of Blue."
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Yeah, but this is the stuff people
dialog: dig.
text: Miles chuckles gravely, signs two but stops on "Someday
dialog: MPWC". Considers Frances on the cover. Dave can tell, this
dialog: woman really means something.
text: Miles signs one more, holds out his hand. Justin gives him
text: his quarter of coke. Miles does a quick bump to test it, nods
dialog: at Justin -
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Right?
text: - and pockets the coke. Justin holds out the empty money clip
dialog: to Miles.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Keep it.
text: Miles tucks Frances under his arm.
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Uh...
text: And exits out the door.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/DILAPIDATED CHURCH - DAY
text: Miles and Frances enter frame arm in arm in the cavernous
text: main room of the dilapidated church. Dusty pews and scary
text: judgemental angels, sun shines through the stained glass
text: windows. Flamenco Sketches plays.
text: Frances scans the room then slowly strides away from Miles
text: down the center aisle, hands lightly touching the pews. As
text: she passes, pirouetting, the ROOM CHANGES, darkness becoming
dialog: light (This effect will be achieved with a series of PHOTOS
text: from a "locked off" camera position as the room is dressed
dialog: ala City of God).
text: The final PHOTO; Frances reaches the end of the room and
text: turns back to face Miles. The scene comes to life, the space
text: transformed, an elegant stairway as its centerpiece, leading
dialog: straight up to heaven.
text: They both bound up the stairs into the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/BEDROOM - LATER
text: Miles and Frances make love. Deep, passionate...
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/BEDROOM - LATER
text: Frances and Miles lay on the bed having a lively
text: conversation, laughing, sipping champagne. Frances is
text: beautiful and Miles drinks her in...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: ...so, it's the same...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (sly smile)
dialog: Oh, it's the same, huh?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yes.
text: She floats her hand in the air. Miles reaches his up to meet
text: it. She holds her hand in a half finished flourish -
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: FRANCES (CONT'D)
dialog: You know what I mean? When it's
dialog: right there...and you hold it...and
dialog: you don't breathe, and they don't
dialog: breathe, and you're holding
dialog: them...and then -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Whoosh...
text: In a moment of inspiration, Fran hops up, wearing only Miles'
text: shirt, and begins to dance...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: We fly...
text: ..-Miles' visage slowly changes from rapt by her to rapt by
dialog: something else.
text: As Miles watches, HER VOICE FADES out - we see he's in love
text: with her not only entirely, but it's every piece of Frances
dialog: that he adores; hands, her legs, hair, eyes, etc. Miles
text: focuses on each part, breaking her down, Picasso-
dialog: esque...deconstructing Chopin --
text: WE NOW HEAR disparate notes, a chord, then another in the
text: progression; half a tone up, birthing a composition based on
text: the nine note scale that bookends the composition, Gone, -
text: the sound-track to Frances’ dance. Fran spins, laughs, PUSH
text: IN. Miles eyes narrow as he focuses on what's forming in his
dialog: mind.
text: Fran spins, closes her eyes, given over to the rapture she
text: feels. When she opens them, Miles is gone. Fran smiles to
text: herself, slightly high, knowing where he’s headed and that
text: she’s the elixir he drinks to create. She heads out the door
text: seeing Miles at the bottom of the stairs - calls -
speaker_heading: FRANCES (CONT'D)
dialog: Sweetheart...
text: Her voice faint, the chords on the SOUNDTRACK in control now.
text: Miles keeps moving.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/RECORDING STUDIO - MOMENTS
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Miles does a warm-up run on his horn as Frances enters. She
text: calls to him but her voice is all but a whisper now. Miles
text: cocks his head listening more closely to the chord, bringing
text: it forward in is mind as well as in the TRACK. He plays to
dialog: it.
dialog: 37
text: Fran watches, prideful. Miles finishes a phrase, half turns
text: and catches sight of her. She puts on a little fake pout,
text: “You left me alone.” Miles playfully pouts back, goes to her.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Aww, baby girl...
text: Miles kisses Frances softly, deeply. She kisses Miles back,
text: walks backwards with him toward the couch, pulls him down. He
text: drops down sitting next to her and after a moment, draws away
text: looking in her eyes. Miles, tasting her on his lips, rubs his
text: finger around his embouchure, closes his eyes, languidly
text: blows Fran's softness into the horn.
text: Then Miles' attention is drawn to the sound of... is that
dialog: Funkadelic?
scene_heading: EXT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/STREET - SAME
text: Miles and Dave pull up to the curb. Miles takes the stash of
text: coke and his gun out of the secret compartment, seems somehow
dialog: effected by the Frances moment we've just witnessed. Miles
text: hops out, pops his hip back in place as Dave arrives on the
text: sidewalk next to him.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Jesus...
text: Miles holds his hand out to Dave.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Keys.
text: Dave plops the keys into his hand. Miles heads to the door,
text: taking the Jag key off the ring, Dave following.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell you what; gas me up, get it
dialog: washed and then go grab me some
dialog: catfish.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Cat- Are you serious?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You got a problem with that?
dialog: Dave sighs, test two, I guess. He’ll grin and bear it...
dialog: until he can get those tapes.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah, sure —
dialog: 38
text: Dave holds out his hand for the key but then they both cock
text: their heads to the door. (Miles Davis ?) Music on, people's
text: voices. Miles and Dave exchange a look, then Miles turns the
text: knob, pushes in.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME - MOMENTS LATER
text: Miles is stunned. There's a party in full swing; FUNK MUSIC
text: blasting on the stereo.
text: 40 PEOPLE, black, white, shady, musicians, drug addicts, the
dialog: kind of people who party in your house when you're gone.
text: Dieter, who got out of the cab earlier with Janice, is the
text: first to spot Miles, pokes Janice, points. They work their
text: way over to get to Miles.
text: Dave is waiting for Miles to blow up, as other guests greet
text: him like a famous stranger in his own house. Janice, zooming
text: a little, puts her arms around Miles -
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Hey, baby, you didn’t hear me
dialog: calling - ?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: What the fuck is going on, Janice?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: It’s Tuesday?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: So what?!
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Don’t you remember? You said we
dialog: could party over here Tuesday.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I ain’t talked to you in forever.
dialog: When I say that?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: You know, like... weeks ago.
text: Miles makes his way over to the reel to reel machine, Janice
text: in lockstep with him.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You always pulling some shit -
dialog: How'd you get in anyway?
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Remember? That key you hid from me
dialog: that time?
text: Miles pushes a couple stoned people away whose tipsy drinks
text: threaten to spill on the machine - and his tape...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Move, muthafuckas -
text: Dieter jams up to Miles while he hurriedly fast forwards the
text: tape, removes it from the machine. Dave notes it, moves in
text: behind him, staying close to his prey. As Miles puts his tape
text: away, Dieter rambles on:
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: Miiiiiiiles Daaaaaaaaviiiiiis. Good
dialog: to see you again, my man.
text: Dieter holds out his hand for a shake, Miles doesn’t even
dialog: notice.
dialog: You know, you are so far out the
dialog: way you just stopped making music
dialog: because you decide when you live
dialog: and die, the artist is God...
text: Miles gets the tape in it's can, stuffs it into a drawer as a
text: few gawkers pass here and there, clocking Miles “Shit, that’s
dialog: him... etc.”
text: Miles struggles with the sticking drawer.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Let me help you, man...
text: Dave helps Miles find the slide, constantly clocking the
text: tape, it’s date, trying not to be obvious.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: And when you're dead, you will be
dialog: bigger than ever, and you should
dialog: burn your body in the Ganges River,
dialog: the holiest water -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Get the fuck off me, Hitler.
speaker_heading: DIETER
text: HITLER! OUTRAGEOUS!
text: Miles finally gets the drawer shut.
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Dieter, cool it.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah, man. Back up!
text: Dave playing bodyguard now as Miles locks the drawer with one
text: of the keys on his ring, Dave clocking it all. Miles scoops
text: up Frances and turns to Janice.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Get all these muthafucka’s outta -
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: (quick)
dialog: Please, Miles. You promised me. And
dialog: I straightened up and everything.
dialog: Look, I’‘1l tell everybody to leave
dialog: you alone, and we won’t go too
dialog: late, ok? Please...
text: Beat. Miles stares at her, holding on to Frances. He points
text: to his reel to reel.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Keep your simple-ass friends away
dialog: from my shit.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Of course, baby.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: And stay the fuck out the basement.
text: Janice turns pushing Dieter off.
text: Miles heads toward the door leading downstairs, flips through
dialog: the keys.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Want me to stay up here, keep an
dialog: eye on things?
text: Miles opens the basement door with his key.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: C'mon.
text: ANGLE DAVE: Dave glances at the tape, follows Miles THROUGH
speaker_heading: THE DOOR.
text: As the door closes behind them, glimpse the saloon doors
text: opening and Harper, Walter, and Junior enter. Junior has his
text: trumpet case in hand.
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Told you.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Yes, you did. Kudos to your
dialog: sources.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I don't know about this, man.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: You don't need to know - I know.
dialog: You just do your thing.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: We're just gonna walk right up on
dialog: him in the middle of a party?
text: Harper puts an arm around Junior.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: You know who John Coltrane was
dialog: before he was John Coltrane? A bar
text: walker. He literally walked across
text: the bar playing his horn, people
text: throwing nickels at him. Then Miles
dialog: hears him play -
dialog: (Harper mimes a plane
dialog: taking off)
dialog: Whoosh...! “John Coltrane”. You
dialog: think you're worse than a bar
dialog: walker? Trust me. We'll find a
dialog: little corner, you'll play and
dialog: that'll be it.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (wary )
dialog: Yeah, he didn’t look too much like
dialog: he wanted to -
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Junior, stop playing with your
dialog: pussy, alright! This is 'take a
dialog: shot' time.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (low, looking away)
dialog: Fuck you, Harper...
text: Harper smiles. Junior is just like he likes him; edgy. Ready
dialog: to blow.
dialog: 42
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/RECORDING STUDIO- MOMENTS
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Miles and Dave enter Miles' sanctuary; a State of the art
text: studio. The Sorcerer's Cave.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: India... muthafuckas are crazy..
text: A trumpet on a stand, an electric piano, drums. His Grammys
text: on a shelf, one is used as a doorstop - his gold and platinum
text: albums line the walls, boxing photos of Sugar Ray, Jack
text: Johnson, Joe Louis, and of Miles sparring in the ring. A
text: heavy bag hangs from the ceiling. Dave looks around,
text: impressed, realizing he's inside Miles' brain.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Okay. Cool... You record a lot down
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Yeah, sometimes...
text: Miles puts the "...Prince..." record down, dumps some coke on
text: Frances and cuts some rails. She looks at him disapprovingly.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: So what...?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Man, she's beautiful. That look in
dialog: her eye, that's something.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Umhm.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Frances, right?
text: Miles shoots Dave a quick look then both men's attention is
text: drawn to the door upstairs and the jiggling of the knob.
text: Miles shakes his head, tears off a piece of staff paper
text: covered in his scrawl of musical notes, rolls it up and
text: snorts a line. Holds it out for Dave.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm good.
dialog: Miles shrugs - suit yourself, starts to put it to the side.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh...
dialog: 43
text: Dave reconsiders, reaches for it. Miles hands it over and
dialog: Dave does a rail -
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, man... Holy fuck, man. Fuck-
dialog: fuck -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Yeah, Tuesday, like a motherfucker.
text: Dave sits, stands, sits, shakes his head, really playing it
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You gonna make it?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I'm gonna need a drink, man, or a,
dialog: or a Valium, or a Quaalude, or a
dialog: brick...
text: Miles chuckles at his jester, shares the laugh with Frances,
text: veiled in dope like lace, twinkling back at him. Miles
text: reaches to the side, pulls a couple Heinekins out of a MINI
speaker_heading: FRIDGE.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh, I was thinking something a
dialog: little stronger, you know. One of
dialog: those drinks upstairs. You mind?
text: Points up. Beat. Then Miles smirks.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Go head.
text: Miles tosses Dave the ring of keys -
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Lock it behind you. Little silver
dialog: one. And grab me some of that
dialog: brown.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Cool. Good. Yeah.
text: Dave exits with the “keys to the kingdom”. Miles looks at his
text: trumpet - it looks at him - he wanders over to the heavy bag,
text: starts jabbing it. POP-POP-POP - musically rhythmic -
text: something stirs in him, eyes pass over Frances without
text: looking at her, to the piano.
dialog: 44
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/MAIN ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Dave locks the basement door behind him, his gaze drawn to
text: the reel to reel table and the drawer holding the tape.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Dave Braden, you are so bloody
dialog: good...
text: He makes a beeline for the it.
text: Arriving at the table Dave looks for something to conceal the
text: tape in, spies Miles' valise on a shelf next to the cabinet,
text: papers brimming over - that’ll do. He tags the small key on
text: the ring and shoves it into the lock, opens the cabinet
text: drawer - double checks the label on the tape, the date
dialog: (PUSH) - Bingo.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello...
text: He pockets the keys - his wheels spin for a hot second, a
dialog: defining moment: “Am I a thief, or am I a journalist...?”
speaker_heading: HARPER (0.S.)
dialog: Rolling Stone...
text: Dave casually drops the valise and hip closes the cabinet
text: drawer (but it sticks and doesn’t close all the way) as he
text: turns to find Harper pushing through people to get over to
text: him, Junior trailing.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: How'd you weasel your way back in?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (a little pointed)
text: Waltzed right in with the rest of
dialog: the riff raff.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Lucky you. Where's Miles?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: No idea.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: So what are you doing here?
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I'm a writer, man. Kinda what we
dialog: do.
text: Walter walks up as Dave grabs a bottle of brown LIQUOR off a
text: nearby table.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Chick over there said Miles was
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: I heard that too.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: He was. He left.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Left his own party.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (indicating the room)
dialog: It's his house. It ain't his party.
dialog: People just...show up.
text: Harper looks at Walter, chuckles, pointing to Dave, "get a
dialog: load of this asshole."
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (cops to it)
dialog: Yeah, it's kinda fucked, huh? My
dialog: understanding, happens a lot.
text: Dave takes a pull on the bottle.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Help yourself.
text: He takes another swig.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: It's not yours, the fuck you care?
text: Insulted, Harper cocks his head at this creature who for some
text: strange reason wants to be abused now. Walter steps around to
text: oblige. Dave takes a slight step back.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: OK, relax... take it easy, man.
dialog: Hey, you mind if I ask you a few
dialog: questions?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: ...the fuck outta here...
dialog: 46
text: Dave backs away.
speaker_heading: DAVE
text: And he continues, undeterred by
text: enmity and rancorous spite, fixed
text: on his prize, his bow string,
dialog: taut...
text: Dave turns, and folds into the party.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Fucking clown.
text: Harper turns to speak to Junior, Dave takes the opportunity
text: to quickly unlock the basement door and rush inside.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: This is what I'm talking about,
dialog: kid. Don't let this be your future,
dialog: okay - bunch of degenerates
dialog: partying in your house and you
dialog: ain't even home.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Yeah...
text: When Harper looks up, Dave's gone. Junior is drawn to the
text: reel to reel machine, intrigued by what incredible music
dialog: might have spun through these wheels.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Walter, go get the car.
text: Junior touches the machine with reverence, then happens to
text: peek down into the exposed drawer below. His eyes widen.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Whoa...
text: Harper clocks Junior, walks over and has a peek for himself.
text: A Cheshire cat grin spreads over Harper's lips.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Fucking Rolling Stone...
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/RECORDING STUDIO - MOMENTS
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Dave opens the door hearing Miles playing the piano (Chopin
text: cum Gone), composing on the fly. Miles jots down some
text: scribble on ledger paper then speaks without looking up.
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: What took you so long?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (ala Dieter)
speaker_heading: Miiiiiilllles DAAAVIIIS!
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: He got you too, huh?
text: Dave nods, holds the liquor out to Miles.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: We drink out of glasses here,
dialog: muthafucka?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Of course. I don't know what I
dialog: was... Be right back.
text: Dave happily starts to head back up.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Give it here.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You sure?
dialog: Miles' answer is his extended hand. Dave's gonna be here for
dialog: a minute.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay.
text: Miles takes the bottle, throws back a swig.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: So... that was beautiful, man. I
dialog: didn't know you played piano.
text: Miles takes another swig, goes back to playing the piano.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: This ain't playing. Playing around,
dialog: maybe.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Sounds good to me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So you studied piano too, huh?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Just woke up black and knew how to
dialog: play.
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You're black?
text: Miles chuckles. Dave smiles. They're starting to ease into
text: it. Dave picks up boxing gloves, casually checks out the wear
text: and tear, ponders their history.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Frances loves Chopin...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (off record cover)
dialog: Yeah... She looks...very classy,
dialog: you know. Refined Kinda
dialog: mischievous too?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (on is own beam)
dialog: Stravinsky, Bartok, Chopin...
dialog: studied all those cats, man. They
dialog: broke convention, you know. Pushing
dialog: back at that... standard, classical
dialog: bag... Bird and Diz was doing that
text: on stage every night, on the fly.
dialog: Didn't write it down. Just came out
dialog: of 'em. Shit was scary. I wanted to
dialog: quit every night.
text: Dave slips on the gloves, really starts tuning Miles in.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: The old people come up to me and
dialog: ask, “Why don't you play the way
dialog: you used to?' I say to them, 'Tell
dialog: me how I used to.'" You have to
dialog: play a long time to be able to play
dialog: like yourself. Man, don't do
dialog: nothing like you used to. It don't
dialog: move, then that's dead music. It's
dialog: dead.
text: Miles stops playing. Doesn't move. Neither does Dave. A
dialog: weighted moment.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: So is it...fair to say that
text: Miles turns to Dave, narrows his eyes.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Your turn, muthafucka.
speaker_heading: A37
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: My turn what?
text: Miles gestures; “Give it up.” Dave smiles.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, you want the Dave Braden story,
dialog: huh? Okay... I was born in
dialog: Scotland, grew up, wrote some shit,
dialog: did some other stuff, then I came
dialog: to your house.
text: Miles smiles.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You forgot something. Who socked
dialog: you up?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (smirks )
dialog: You going senile?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Before me.
text: Dave sighs.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - EARLIER TODAY
text: Dave standing near a car arguing with someone unseen.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My wife's cock-sucker boyfriend -
text: He turns, responding to a voice and gets sucker-punched, hits
text: the pavement. RALPH, 35, a big ape, starts rummaging through
text: his pockets.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O. CONT’D)
dialog: - thought it was his job to collect
dialog: twenty-dollars and fifty cents of
dialog: fucking alimony.
text: Dave's POV: A beautiful woman, SUSIE, 32, in a parked car at
text: the curb, looking down at him. She mouths, "I love you..."
text: Ralph takes Dave's money and they drive off...
scene_heading: BACK TO - MILES' HOME STUDIO - AS BEFORE A37
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Then I came to your house.
dialog: 50
text: Dave does a small bow. Beat.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Alimony.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: So ex-wife...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: Says it almost misty though.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You really miss her, don't you?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Miles giggles, gets up from the piano.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Man, throw a punch.
text: Dave is dumbstruck for a moment.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on...
text: Miles goes to the bag, holds it. Dave throws an easy punch.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Now throw a real one.
text: Dave looks at him, hits the bag hard, moves Miles back a bit.
text: Miles recovers, winces, his hip. Dave doesn't see, or care.
text: Miles plays it off.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
text: Hold the bag.
text: Dave holds the bag for Miles.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Naw, you don't lock down chicks
dialog: like that, man...
text: Miles hits the bag.
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Punch comes from the hip, right.
text: Hip. Miles hits the bag again then holds the bag for Dave -
text: braces. Dave throws a hard punch. Miles absorbs, returns the
dialog: bag for Dave to hold.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Turn your wrist over, snap it.
dialog: Miles keeps punching - fuck the pain - like the pain - need
dialog: the pain -
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Wives are for kids, and serious
dialog: shit. You don't mess with that.
dialog: (beat, mutters a rare
dialog: admission)
dialog: Yeah, I coulda done that better...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What?
text: Miles shakes his head - nothing. He steps into his PUNCH -
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO MIDTOWN/ENGINEERING BOOTH - DAY
text: The horns on the track Gone from Gil and Miles Porgy and
text: Bess, blare out strong. Miles in the booth drops hard onto
text: the couch, making a phone call.
speaker_heading: TEO
dialog: Let’s get another one, Gil.
text: TWO SEXY GIRLS are perched next on the couch too, looking at
text: Miles like he's the daily special. In the studio, musicians
text: play. The European ring is replaced.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.O.)
dialog: Savoy Hotel, London.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Frances Taylor. Room 516.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, Mr. Davis. One moment.
text: Miles listens, waits. PLAYBACK streams over the speakers, the
text: opening passage of "GONE". A bit of a mess. Then -
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.O.)
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Davis, there doesn't
dialog: seem to be an answer. Would you
dialog: like to leave another -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You muthafuckas know how to slip a
dialog: note under a door?
text: Miles hangs up. He takes a long drag on his cigarette and
text: exhales, his countenance clouded, finally focusing on the
text: girls on the couch for a beat, saying nothing. He takes
text: another drag, stubs out his cigarette. Walks back into the
text: studio, interrupting the take.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO/BOOTH/MIDTOWN- CONTINUOUS
text: Philly Joe Jones, Paul Chambers and a 12 PIECE GROUP,
text: conducted by Gil Evans, are working through "Gone" from
dialog: "Porgy and Bess".
text: Gil Evans, his face a cipher, stops the group... again.
speaker_heading: GIL
dialog: (waving his hand)
dialog: Alright, alright...
text: The musicians groan.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Timing’s all messed up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I played my nine in perfect time.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: That's the problem, man. Everybody
dialog: ain't playin’ the chart like it's
dialog: written, at least be musical about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ERNIE ROYAL
dialog: Man, this is some tricky shit.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: So what? Be wrong strong. Otherwise
dialog: lay out. Teo, can you hear the
dialog: Jerome and Phil?
text: In a SERIES OF CUTS we see Miles genius as he rearranges the
text: players, maximizing the acoustics, changes a note or two for
text: the woodwind section, confers with Gil, etc. Then -
dialog: 53
text: cuT: A light an airy moment - a break in playing...
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, we were all up in that shit
text: like a muthfucka. Cleaner than a
dialog: broke dick dog.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Yeah that suit was somethin’ else.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Yeah, Prez turned me on to that
dialog: cat.
speaker_heading: CUT:
speaker_heading: GIL
dialog: Okay, let's take it from the head.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER (0.S.)
dialog: "Gone" take fourteen.
text: They play again, fumbling to the same result. Before Gil can
text: stop them, Miles plays his solo, his eyes daring anybody to
text: cut his wisdom. The group powers through the song...
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/BEDROOM - LATER/NIGHT
text: RINGING. Miles is in a silk robe, in a chair in the master
text: bedroom, slumped back, looking bored. He answers the phone
text: as we begin to DOLLY around him.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Hey? I've been calling you all damn
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: Honey, it's 6:30 in the morning
dialog: here. I just woke -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Oh... Okay... I just uh... Okay...
text: Miles puts his finger to his lips, "Shhhh...", turns away.
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: Guess what, baby. We're a royal
dialog: hit! We got extended. Three more
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I want you to come home, Frances.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Honey, did you hear what I just
dialog: said -- I can't.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Just come home. Come home for two
dialog: days.
text: Frances says nothing.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: They can get by without you for two
dialog: or three damn days.
text: INTERCUT FRANCES in ECU sitting on the edge of the bed in her
text: room at the SAVOY HOTEL, looking beautiful at 6:30am, like
dialog: some women do.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Baby...
text: The TWO HOT GIRLS we met at the recording studio are naked in
text: bed stifling giggles, silently gesturing Miles to join them.
text: A Polaroid camera with a bunch of Polaroid photos of the
text: three of them in various combinations, fucking, are strewn
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: It's because I didn't marry you?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I've been thinking about it, it's a
dialog: good thing, we should do that.
dialog: Let's have a real serious talk
dialog: about it when you get here.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I’m sorry, can you hold on a
dialog: second, baby?
dialog: 55
text: Frances takes the receiver away from her ear, covers the
text: mouthpiece. Beat. Then puts the phone back to her ear and
dialog: just listens.
text: On the other end of the line Miles’ agitation starts to
text: slowly mount.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Fran...? Frances...
text: Frances finally speaks.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I’m back.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I'm having a plane pick you up
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Okay?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I need you.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: I'll... work it out with my
dialog: understudy...
text: he scans his surroundings but no
text: there’s no Miles. Dave thinks about
text: the night, smiles to himself, grabs
text: some ledger paper of the piano,
text: starts furiously composing his
text: thoughts, flowing, getting some
dialog: good shit down.
text: But then, CRASH. Upstairs Miles is cursing, thrashing about
text: in a panic...
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/LIVING ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Miles finally jerks the reel to reel cabinet drawer all the
text: way open - tape is definitely not there - he rifles through
text: the debris around the machine - zip. Dave enters the space,
text: sees Miles who whips around to him.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Somebody stole my fucking music!
text: Dave's face goes slack. This ain’t good.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Oh, man. Those assholes... Shit!
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Shit, what?! What assholes?!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: That Harper guy from Columbia, and
dialog: that kid were here.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Here last night?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: ...the fuck you didn't you tell me
dialog: that last night?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I was blasted, man. Shit went right
dialog: outta my head. Aw, man -—
text: Miles goes to the phone and dials, muttering while it rings.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Columbia motherfucker's...think
dialog: they own my shit? We gonna see. Try
dialog: releasing it. Go ahead. My
dialog: lawyer’1ll be on your ass so fast -
text: The phone picks up.
speaker_heading: RECORDING (V.O.)
dialog: Hello. Because of the Yom Kippur
dialog: Holy Day, Columbia Records will be
dialog: closed today, Wednesday, September -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Yom fucking Kippur!?
text: Miles slams the phone down.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Wait... Village Vanguard. Junior's
dialog: playing there tonight, right?
text: Dave checks his watch.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe catch him at rehearsal?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Come on.
dialog: 57
scene_heading: (PRE-LAP JUNIOR'S JAM SESSION)
text: Miles heads upstairs, powering through his aching hip. Dave
text: follows behind.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Come and drink my liquor,
dialog: freeloading thievin' muthafuckas...
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME CLOSET- CONTINUOUS
text: Miles stands at a double door, jerks them open -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You ain't driving me around looking
dialog: like that no more.
text: - his massive closet - hundreds of outfits, shoes, shades,
dialog: hats.
scene_heading: INT. VILLAGE VANGUARD BAR - LATER/DAY
text: Miles and Dave enter, decked out like we first saw them at
text: the top of the movie, drawing stares from the few setting up
text: for the show later, BARTENDER, MANAGER, BUSBOYS, etc...
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Oh, hey! Great to see you, Miles.
text: A busboy walks by with a bus bin with dishes.
speaker_heading: BUSBOY
dialog: Aw, man. You said this nigga was
dialog: dead -
text: Manager shoots daggers at him, turns back to Miles.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: What're you doing here?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I'm not here.
text: The BARTENDER leans over the bar.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (butting in)
dialog: Hey, Miles, I heard you put it down
dialog: on that new session y’all did.
text: Miles flashes him a quick look.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: BARTENDER (CONT’D)
dialog: My cousin play with your man Larry
dialog: Coryell sometime.
text: The guy gives Miles a knowing, insiders wink. Miles half
text: acknowledges it, drawn by the sounds of a quintet warming up,
text: fucking around, running phrases, chord changes, on the Miles
dialog: composition, "All Blues" (bootleg version) - the trumpet
text: player is where Miles' ear goes - clear, bright sounds...
text: something... The bandstand just out of sight...
text: Comes round the bend and sees Junior on the bandstand - Miles
text: is stopped in his tracks, the quintet is great, but he's
text: truly captivated by the virtuosity of Junior. Dave is blown
text: away by the kid, goes to comment to Miles, stops, seeing him
text: differently now, ‘Miles appreciating greatness’, something
dialog: new.
text: The band is having a good time, laughing as one or another
text: calls out rapid chord changes - trying to one up each other
dialog: as the players have to catch on/up to the changes - but not
text: Junior - he's right there, a monster, not only keeps up, but
text: anchors the band, bringing the music back around on the soar,
text: like Kelly Slater killing it on the wave of a Tsunami - ..
speaker_heading: PIANO PLAYER
dialog: G flat -
speaker_heading: SAX PLAYER
dialog: I can do that -
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Uh huh -
speaker_heading: BASS PLAYER
dialog: Cc minor -
text: The drummer switches from 4/4 to 3/4 time.
speaker_heading: BAND
dialog: Whoa...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: D - double flat --
speaker_heading: PIANO PLAYER
dialog: Damn...
speaker_heading: BASS PLAYER
dialog: Ahhhh - yeah -
speaker_heading: DRUMMER
dialog: Wait, what key is this in -
dialog: 59
text: Watch those "speed skaters" whip around the musical bend, low
text: and lightening fast - "All Blues" has been de-constructed,
text: reconstructed, and turned inside out - these guys are flying -
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: B flat -
text: Junior blows a bright clear solo, then takes over the song
text: suddenly blasting the punch-line to the joke - quotes the
dialog: musical phrase, "Anything You Can Do I Can Do Better", too
text: loudly, non-musically, and they all lose it, cracking up -
text: ECU - Miles' hand, fingers, they start to twitch almost
text: imperceptibly but it's there. Ghost fingering keys. We hear
text: the - whoosh, whoosh, whoosh of Miles' pulse as it slows. His
text: hand flinches, clinches shut as if zapped by electricity.
scene_heading: INT. VILLAGE VANGUARD - LATER/NIGHT
text: ON STAGE: Miles with his quintet - "Blue in Green (3:28)"
text: Miles blows through his solo, meditative, focused. The song
text: sounds like an apology for an argument gone unheard. We let
dialog: this great music play.
dialog: Others are present but Frances is about the only thing we
text: clearly see - shimmering, illuminated, sipping a martini,
text: silently accepting his musical mea culpa. The rest of the set
text: falls off into near darkness, a cigarette tip here, the glint
text: of a glass there, smoke throughout the room...
text: Miles finishes his solo and Bill Evans comes in to tie a bow
text: on it. Miles takes off the mute, puts his trumpet on the
text: stand, strolls off stage, lights a cig.
text: The audience cheers and he and Frances lock eyes for the
text: briefest of beats, when a blonde beauty, looks rich, ERICA,
text: 34, steps into his line of vision, blocking Frances.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Hi Miles.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Erica, yeah...
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Would you walk me out and help me
dialog: get a cab? I don't feel it's safe
text: for a girl out there by herself.
text: Miles looks over at the stage.
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Y’all play that bossa.
text: Miles glances back to Frances, half shrugs. Frances’ face is
text: a cipher, giving up nothing. She casually takes a cigarette
text: out of a pack and gracefully holds it, suspended in air for
text: the all too willing nearby gentleman to light.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: C’mon...
text: Frances takes a drag, sips her drink.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE VANGUARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Miles walks Erica across the street to catch a cab.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Oh my God. When you play like
dialog: that...it's as if I can hear the
text: words even though no one's singing,
dialog: you know what I mean? It's like a
dialog: transfusion of life I feel all
dialog: throughout my body.
text: She swoons, nuzzling close, whispering the adorations in his
text: ear. He doesn't reciprocate, but he doesn't fight her off
dialog: either. She's welcome to touch, but she can't own.
text: Miles holds up his arm to hail a cab.
text: Frances is at the door of the club, fresh drink in hand,
text: looking at Erica hanging off Miles.
text: A BEAT COP, 45, white, across the street watches Miles and
text: Erica - something doesn't feel right to the cop. Something he
dialog: just doesn't like.
text: Frances turns back inside the club.
text: A cab stops. Erica puts her hand in Miles' hand, ever the
text: lady, and he, ever the gentleman, as he helps her into the
text: cab, she reaches into her purse and goes to hand Miles a $50
dialog: bill (the way it used to be) - she's sweet, a couple years
text: back he'd take it - he holds up his hand -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Naw, baby, I'm good, I got it.
text: Miles takes a $20 out and hands it to the cabbie. She looks
text: at Miles, with a call-me-anytime look -
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Maybe you want to come by later.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Good night, Erica.
text: Miles taps on the cab and it drives her away. He lights a
dialog: smoke.
text: The cop crosses the street. Miles watches him approach. What
dialog: does this motherfucker want?
text: A white MAN in a suit down the block takes notice -
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: No loitering. Move on.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I work in there, man.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: I don't care where you work. Move.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I'm taking a smoke break. I'm Miles
dialog: Davis. That's me on the marquis.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: I don't a give a shit. Move your
dialog: ass off this corner now or I'll
dialog: lock it up.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I'm on public property, man. I can
dialog: stand here and have a smoke.
text: The cop takes hold of Miles. Miles pulls away. Then leans
text: into the cop, like a boxer, fists instinctively rising when
text: he thinks the cop's about to hit him. The cop stumbles back
text: while going for his cuffs and nightstick.
text: And at that moment, Miles is cracked on the back of the head
text: with a nightstick courtesy of the white man in the suit - who
text: turns out to be a PLAINCLOTHES COP.
text: Miles stumbles - dazed, weaves but doesn't go down, bleeding
text: from the head, runs down his face - Detective Plainclothes
text: cracks him a second time, then he goes down.
text: The cops rough him up while he's down on the sidewalk. CLOSE
text: ON Miles as he absorbs the punishment.
text: Mr. Plainclothes cuffs Miles and yanks him up as a small
text: crowd (20 people) starts to form.
dialog: 62
text: He flashes his badge, voices yelling: "Stop it, stop it!"
text: "That's Miles Davis." "Fucking cops!" Etc.
text: Frances, and a few others, rush out of the club. All
text: happening so fast.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY JAIL - A BIT LATER/NIGHT
text: Miles is lead in roughly by the cop thrown in the tank. Miles
text: plunks down on the bench. Defiant. Wears the blood on his
dialog: face like war paint. I'm Miles Davis. Fuck you. We HEAR the
text: din of people/reporters outside the jailhouse.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CELL - A BIT LATER/NIGHT
text: Miles sits with his head in his hands, the beating,
text: surroundings, the utter lack of solemnity. Suddenly, outside
text: the cell we hear a loud argument. He looks up, the blood
text: dried on his face -
scene_heading: FRANCES (0.S.) PLAINCLOTHES COP (0.S.)
dialog: ...Do you have any Goddamn Listen lady, you better watch
dialog: worldly idea what you've your -
dialog: done?! I said, let him out of
dialog: that cell! That's Miles Davis
dialog: in there. Miles. Davis. You
dialog: dumb cracker, mutha -
text: Miles rubbernecks, through the bars and down the corridor, he
text: sees a sliver of his muse, love, savior, on a tear, at war
dialog: for him - he laughs, yeah, baby -
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Better watch my what?! You gonna
dialog: beat me too, you son-of-a - bitch!?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Ha, check those motherfuckers...
text: REVERSE ANGLE - ON Frances blowing up at the cops - a couple
text: stand back and watch, a couple pass by wanting to "take this
text: bitch's fucking head off", but the presence of Miles' lawyer,
text: HAROLD LOVETT, 40s is her protection.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: We're gonna sue the shit out of all
dialog: you racist sons of bitches. Tell
dialog: ‘em, Harold -
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: The whole damn police department!
text: Frances brushes past the cops, comes up to the cell, peers
text: in, her beautiful face framed by the bars -
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/BATHROOM - LATER/NIGHT
text: Miles sits in the tub staring at the water. White candles
text: adorn the room, flickering light, (*sounds of Chopin fill the
text: house), wine, the mood set. The door opens and Frances comes
text: in wearing a robe. She drops it to the floor; Whoa. Frances
text: slides into the tub behind Miles. She wets the soap and
text: starts washing him, gently, lovingly, his wounds, the dried
text: blood. Miles closes his eyes, surrendering to it.
text: She whispers in his ear, sexy, close...
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It’s ok. I got you.
dialog: Long beat.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Baby, I want you to stop dancing.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I want you to stop dancing, Fran.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (disbelief - check)
dialog: You want me to quit West Side.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Quit dancing altogether.
text: She stiffens, straightens, he sits up, turns to her.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: I know. It's a sacrifice. But
dialog: you're my wife now. Your place is
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Sacrifice.
text: She looks at him askance, giving him a moment to take it
text: back; yet knowing he meant exactly what he said. She lets out
text: a little laugh, calling his crazy-town and raising him a
dialog: crazy-town —
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: FRANCES (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, baby. Love is sacrifice. Let's
dialog: do this: I'll hang up my dancing
dialog: shoes, you hock your horns, we'll
dialog: move to Rome and open a little
dialog: Trattoria. Just the two of us. Yes.
dialog: I like that.
text: - hoping he'll fold. Miles is a statue. She leans into him
text: eyes closed for a beat, then gets out of the tub. Frances
text: slips on her robe, disappears into the darkened bedroom
dialog: beyond.
text: Miles left behind in the tub, vulnerable, exposed,
text: unanswered.
text: CLOSE UP: The look on Miles' face slowly changes - a glower
text: coming on.
scene_heading: INT. VILLAGE VANGUARD - DAY/AS BEFORE
text: Junior/Quintet on stage Junior finishes his solo, killed it,
text: rubs the back of his head, sits, looks up, remorse creeping
text: in. Junior peers into the darkness - "Is that...?"
text: Miles stares at him - extracting the truth. Junior realizes,
dialog: "Oh shit."
text: Junior steps off the stage like he’s coming to over to talk,
text: then bolts, runnning through a SIDE DOOR.
text: Miles and Dave give chase but Miles' is hobbling - he'll
text: never catch Junior - he holds out the gun to Dave -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: No-no, we don't need that -
text: Miles smashes the gun into Dave's hand.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Go. Get him! Go!
text: Dave chases after Junior. Miles hobbles behind. The band
text: starts to follow but Miles goes sorcerer on them, holds out
text: his hand in a crazy claw shape as he passes.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay!
dialog: They freeze.
dialog: 65
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Junior hits the exit door but the thing won’t budge. When he
text: turns Dave is running up, inadvertently cornering this
text: panicked kid with the gun, the busboy stacking boxes seeks
dialog: cover.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey, take it easy!
speaker_heading: JR
dialog: So what, you gonna shoot now me
dialog: over a fucking tape?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What? No, man, he just wants to
dialog: talk -
text: Not shooting? Great. Junior throws a crushing right hook,
text: connecting with Dave's jaw- Dave stumbles backward - drops
text: the gun - it goes skittering off. Junior hits him again -
text: Dave smashes into stuff, recovers, lands two solid punches on
text: Junior, stunning the kid, pleasing himself. Junior returns
text: with a combo that lays Dave out.
text: Junior picks up the gun, stands over Dave (like Miles stood
text: over Dave with a gun at their initial meeting at the house) -
text: when Miles comes up behind Junior and puts cold steel to the
text: back of Junior's head - his mouthpiece. Junior stops cold.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Okay, okay, be cool...
text: - Miles reaches around and takes his gun back from Junior.
text: Junior turns to see Miles - and that he just got played with
text: that mouthpiece. Damn. Miles pushes him in his back and he
text: goes tumbling into some boxes in the corner out of breath.
text: Miles closes in, Dave flanks.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Where the fuck's his music, man?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Lie to me, I'll kill you.
text: Junior let's out a sigh, a deep, guilty sigh.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I got it. But I swear, Mr. Davis, I
dialog: was just trying to help.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Don't tell me the lies you tell
dialog: yourself. You're a hype.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: I can see that shit in your eyes.
dialog: George put you up to this.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Geor- ? No, Harper just thought -
dialog: Waitaminute, first lemme tell you
dialog: something - This cat right here is
dialog: a crook, Mr. Davis. He was gonna -—
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Ha! Says the thief.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You're the fucking - Mr. Davis,
dialog: believe me, he's -—
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Shut the fuck up. What Harper give
dialog: you to snatch my music?
text: Junior stammers, feeling stupid.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Answer me!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Nothing. Just a... a chance to
dialog: maybe get to work with you, you
dialog: know. Help you come -- back.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Right. ‘Cause you just the hype
dialog: with the heart of gold, huh?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (salty)
dialog: Yeah. You remember that move,
dialog: right?
text: Miles gestures to the door with the .38 and the trio head
text: toward the stairs, Dave and Junior glaring at each other.
scene_heading: INT. VANGUARD - CONTINUOUS
text: The band, crowded around the door scurry back, clearing a
text: path for the three guys. Junior goes to the stage, grabs his
text: horn and case.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: And don’t play E flat over that D9.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Huh?
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You played E flat over that D9.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: So don’t. That’s Dm9. And only
dialog: sometimes.
text: Junior snaps his case closed, looking irked.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I can play Eb there, it’s just a
dialog: voicing thing.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Man, you don’t know shit.
text: Miles pushes Junior toward the door.
scene_heading: EXT. TENEMENT BUILDING - A BIT LATER - DAY
text: Sketchy hood. Jaguar parked at the curb. Miles, Dave and
text: Junior get out. Passing a couple drunks paper-bagging it, and
text: a TAGGER, hitting up Dali-esque Miles, prettying up the
text: grime. Seminal Hip-Hop coming out of windows, or is that
dialog: modern Jay-Z on the reel to reel?
text: Miles, Dave and Junior enter the rundown building -
scene_heading: EXT. TENEMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: They take the stairs. Junior puts his key in the door and
text: opens it - enters the apartment with Miles and Dave.
scene_heading: INT. JUNIOR'S APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS
text: The place is a little ransacked. Hear CHERYL (2 year-old
text: girl) crying in the bedroom. Junior quickly heads into the
text: bedroom leaving Miles and Dave.
text: Miles’ head cocks almost imperceptibly, an inexplicable sense
text: of familiarity; these threadbare surroundings, the cacophony
text: of smells and sounds, the chili spaghetti on the stove -
dialog: coagulated, somebody didn’t make it home for supper; one
text: empty bowl of the stuff on the table, and a dirty highchair
text: drawn with browning flung bits of it.
text: And a cockroach scurrying across the light into darkness.
dialog: 68
text: The crying kid, the conversation between Junior and Irene,
text: becoming a movement inside an unfolding composition -
text: ON MILES, and on his POV of Junior in the doorway of his
text: bedroom - talking to his wife, IRENE, 24. All we see are her
text: legs, sitting in a chair, comforting Cheryl in her lap.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: What happened?
text: Irene doesn’t answer -—
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Irene!
text: She doesn’t need to speak; looking around, it hits Junior. He
text: disappears from the doorway. Hear him rummaging. Crash, boom.
text: Irene never raises her voice - she’s past that.
speaker_heading: IRENE
text: It’s not in there. He took it.
text: Junior reappears in front of her, whirling - fuck!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Harper?
dialog: (he knows it)
dialog: Muthafucka.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: The other one...muthafucka.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (seething)
dialog: He sent Walter?
dialog: ON MILES - Fuck!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (then)
dialog: -- Did he touch you? He didn’t lay
dialog: a hand on you. Is she -
text: Reeling, Junior drops to one knee to comfort his daughter,
text: but Irene pulls Cheryl close to her chest.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: This ain’t all about you, Junior.
text: Junior drops his head in shame.
speaker_heading: IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s wrong with you, man?
dialog: 69
dialog: Irene stands -
speaker_heading: IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: C’mon, Cheryl, mama’s gonna change
dialog: your diaper.
text: - exits the room with Cheryl.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Irene, I'm sorry... Rene?
text: Irene spots Miles and Dave down the hall. Stops. Her energy
text: changes when she looks at Miles. Recognition, or something
text: else? Miles just stares back. A strange moment. Irene goes
text: into the bathroom with Cheryl. Junior enters the room - his
text: hands upturned, like a kid caught with his pants down.
speaker_heading: MILES DAVE
dialog: Where's my shit? Nice job.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Dave)
dialog: I'll break your fucking jaw right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah, that'll fix everything.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (at Junior)
speaker_heading: HEY!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (snaps to, answers Miles)
dialog: Harper's got it.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Yeah, I figured that part out.
dialog: Where is he?
text: Junior checks the clock on the wall.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I don’t know. His studio, I guess.
text: Miles pushes the phone over.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Call him. Tell him you're coming
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I can’t just walk in there with
dialog: you, man. He’s gonna kill me.
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You don’t do what I say, I’m gonna
dialog: kill you.
text: Junior sighs, picks up the phone. Starts dialing, looks over
text: at his trumpet case - ANGLE - it looks back at him.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I’ll take y’all over there... but I
dialog: gotta do something first.
dialog: Miles knows exactly what he means.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Harper.
scene_heading: EXT. PAWN SHOP - LATER/EVENING
text: We see Junior's horn go into the shop window as he walks out
text: the front, mouthpiece in hand. He gives the horn a sideways
text: glance, then walks toward the Jaguar parked outside. Off
text: screen a phone rings.
speaker_heading: HARPER (V.O.)
dialog: Junior.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (V.O.)
dialog: You sent Walter to my house?
text: Junior hops in the back seat.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JAGUAR - LATER/NIGHT
text: A different street, car running, the window cracks and a hand
text: reaches in holding two balloons.
speaker_heading: HARPER (V.O.)
dialog: You didn’t deliver the tape last
dialog: night, Junior.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (V.O.)
dialog: I got...held up.
speaker_heading: HARPER (V.O.)
dialog: (chuckles )
dialog: Oh, held up? Held up. Oh, okay,
dialog: then everything’s fine.
text: Junior exchanges money for the drugs but before he can pocket
text: them, Miles grabs his arm. Junior grabs Miles' hand like
dialog: he'll tear it off - that's his life's blood in that rubber.
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: This ain't fly away time, we got
dialog: work to do.
text: Miles snatches one balloon away and Junior lets his arm go.
speaker_heading: HARPER (V.O.)
dialog: My mistake. See you later,
dialog: barwalker.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (V.O.)
dialog: Waitwaitwait - I blew it, I know.
dialog: Just lemme just come by - talk man
dialog: to man. I can put in some work on
dialog: the music, too, you know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Give me another shot, Harper,
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: HARPER (V.O.)
dialog: (beat. He chortles)
dialog: Come and get it.
text: Hangs up.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JAGUAR - A MINUTE LATER
text: Miles and Dave lean on the car. Dave looks back, peeks in as
text: Junior ties off.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Jesus... shouldn’t we...say
dialog: something, man?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Go ahead.
text: In the car, CLOSE ON JUNIOR, a rapturous look of instant
text: relief on his face. The pulse slows. We hear it, (sounds like
dialog: Miles' when he saw Junior play), whooosh, whooosh, whooosh.
text: Time slows. Junior inhales deeply -
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/BATHROOM - DAY
text: We hear a harsh SNORTING - then MILES' (37) head jerks into
text: frame, wiping his nose after doing a bump of coke.
dialog: 72
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME - MOMENTS LATER
text: Miles heads DOWNSTAIRS, eyes dilated, trying to focus.
text: Frances is on the phone, a little miffed, a little drunk,
text: and looking at decorating swatches, to further gild her cage.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Listen, listen, this is way too
dialog: complicated. Just tell everybody to
dialog: meet at Diahann's and I'll teach
dialog: one big class, okay.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/RECORDING STUDIO -MOMENTS
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Miles joins the 2nd great quintet (young guys) who are
text: messing around, warming up. HERBIE HANCOCK on piano, RON
text: CARTER on double bass, TONY WILLIAMS on drums, and Wayne
text: Shorter on tenor saxophone.
text: Miles picks up his trumpet and they play, "Nefertiti" a
text: little quick. They soar. As Miles solos, in the deepest
text: thrall of it, the reflection of a RED LIGHT starts FLASHING
text: on his face - we don't get it, but Miles does - it's the
text: phone silently ringing - but that’s not what breaks his
text: concentration - he cuts it off, band stops -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: It’s too fast.
text: Miles starts counting it off, about to play when, (a couple
text: seconds after the blinking red light went off), the angry
text: voice of Frances upstairs breaks through:
speaker_heading: FRANCES (0.S.)
dialog: Who is this?! No, he is not! Who
dialog: the hell is this calling my house?!
speaker_heading: (Etc. )
text: Miles, frustrated, grabs the phone. Dialogue overlaps:
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: What’s going on, Fran - ?
speaker_heading: PEGGY (V.0.)
dialog: Hi Miles, it’s Peggy, I -
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: Hi Miles?!
speaker_heading: PEGGY (V.0.)
dialog: - just called to say hi, I didn’t
dialog: mean to -
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Hang up the phone.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (V.O.)
dialog: Who are you talking to?!
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Both of you - hang up the -
text: Frances is still going off at Peggy. Miles hangs up the
dialog: phone. Counts it off for the band -
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep going.
text: Miles heads upstairs. The band continues sans Miles.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Frances is railing at Peggy when Miles storms in. She's
text: drinking - near empty bottle of wine, a glass next to her,
text: and a broken glass on the floor.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Listen to me, you bitch, don't ever
dialog: call here again -
text: Miles snatches the phone from her, hangs up.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Why you doin’ that?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Why am I -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I told you, don’t worry about
dialog: nobody else.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: This is my house, Miles! My house!
dialog: Don't have them call my fucking
dialog: house!
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I didn’t tell nobody to call here.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It’s too much, Miles. It’s too
dialog: much.
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Then just don't answer the phone,
dialog: Frances.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: My, God... Oh, my God... Did you
dialog: just say that to me...?!
text: Frances starts pacing like a caged tiger, then stops and
text: turns to face Miles.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (CONT'D)
dialog: I make your life beautiful, Miles.
dialog: I take care of you, feed you, lie
dialog: down in that...fucking bed next to
dialog: you and -- You're my husband!
dialog: You're with me. I gave up
dialog: everything for you. I stopped,
dialog: dancing, for Godssake. And you
dialog: haven't sacrificed anything.
dialog: Nothing. I deserve better than
dialog: this!
dialog: His face gives away nothing. She will crack that fucking
text: cool. She picks up knick knacks and starts throwing them
text: dangerously close to his head. Deliberate.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (CONT'D)
dialog: Fraud. Phony. Asshole. Liar.
text: Miles barley sidesteps each piece.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You better stop throwing shit,
dialog: Fran. You're drunk.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I'm amazing.
text: She does a slow turn so he can see.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (CONT'D)
dialog: And your friends, your so-called
dialog: friends, let me know it all the
dialog: time -
text: A flash in his eye (she's lying) turns to contained rage
text: (she's not lying), she sees it, knows him, digs deeper -
speaker_heading: FRANCES (CONT'D)
dialog: - wanted me so bad -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Who?
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: They come knocking when you're not
dialog: around, whispering sweet to me,
dialog: telling me how much better they
dialog: would treat me than you-
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Who you talking about?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It doesn't matter who! I'm not you,
dialog: Miles. And what do I get -- "Hey,
dialog: baby, it's one of your whores. When
dialog: am I going to see you again?"
text: A beat. Miles could apologize...if he could.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Then don't answer the phone.
text: She slaps him, full attack mode, pulling hair, swinging,
text: athletic, a dancer who's sinews haven't been fueled by
text: passion in a while, awakening. Miles is trying to hold her
dialog: off - the boxer knows defense is offense and somewhere in the
text: melee, Miles snaps, and slaps her across the face!
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop!
dialog: It hurts, in all ways, they both know it, feel it, but
text: Frances only barely reacts, keeps swinging, coming forward.
text: He grabs a fistful of blouse, pulls back to strike Frances
text: again and they both go tumbling sideways over a coffee table.
text: Loud crash.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/RECORDING STUDIO - SAME
text: The players react to the sound upstairs, quietly vamp. Tony,
text: an 18 year old kid, puts down his sticks concerned, starts to
text: come from around his drum set. Ron, older, wiser -
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (a warning)
dialog: Tony...
text: Tony sits, starts playing softly.
dialog: 76
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Heavy breathing from both of them, Frances stands over Miles
text: as he grits his teeth to stand - can’t quite manage yet, that
text: hip again, throbbing. Frances doesn't offer to help. Is that
dialog: a smile?
text: Long pause as Miles stands, extricates himself from the
text: rubble, straightens his clothes, hair. He turns, goes...
text: An ashtray whizzes by his head and smashes into the wall.
text: Miles just keeps walking.
text: Frances puts her face in her hands and weeps.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/RECORDING STUDIO - MOMENTS
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Miles enters. You can faintly hear her weeping upstairs until
text: the door closes. He’s looking at his band, “are you my ‘so-
dialog: called friends'?”
speaker_heading: HERBIE
dialog: You okay, Miles?
text: Miles glares at Herbie. He could kill somebody, or he could
text: pick up his horn, which he does - sees Frances on the
text: "Someday My Prince Will Come" gold record framed on the wall.
text: He blows fire. Fueled.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/BEDROOM - NEXT EVENING
text: An empty bottle of wine and a glass on the night table.
text: Frances wakes in bed from a nap, surrounded by presents.
dialog: Emerald ring, sapphire bracelet, mink coat, clothes...
text: Miles is peeking around the circular wall quietly watching
dialog: her...
text: She spots Miles and when she turns further, he sees her black
text: eye, it jolts him.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: There's a... necklace in there.
text: Frances nods, cold, unmoved by the gifts - shell shocked.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Wanna go out? Dinner...dancing, or
dialog: something?
dialog: 77
text: Dancing? He didn't even hear it. Frances did. A dagger,
text: reminding her of everything she gave up.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You don't like to dance.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You do.
dialog: He makes it worse.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay...
text: (then touching his eye,
dialog: referring to hers)
dialog: Maybe you wanna... put ona
dialog: little... make-up or something...
text: Miles comes in, picks up the ruby choker and moves behind
text: Frances, gently brushing aside her hair and clasping the
text: thing on her. Love and ownership at the same time. Miles sits
text: behind her on the bed and pulls her back into him, the blood
text: red droplets suspended in platinum laying on Frances'. Miles
text: rubs his neck.
scene_heading: EXT. HARPER HAMILTON'S STUDIO/OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Junior rubs his neck, getting focused, standing outside the
text: small warehouse/studio. He pushes the buzzer. Miles and Dave
text: are hanging back, away from the door.
speaker_heading: WALTER/INTERCOM (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: It's Junior.
text: Junior is buzzed in - Miles and Dave push in behind him,
dialog: staying low to avoid the security camera -
scene_heading: EXT. HARPER'S BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Miles and Dave following Junior across the gangplank, over
text: the atrium. Dave looking none to sure. They enter the outer
dialog: office.
scene_heading: INT. HARPER'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Miles and Dave enter, Miles keeping Junior in front of him,
text: cautiously looking about.
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: WALTER (0.S.)
dialog: Boy’s got a glass jaw, Harper, I’m
dialog: telling you. K.O. round 3.
speaker_heading: HARPER (0.S.)
dialog: Walter, you are dumb but at least
dialog: you're pretty. I love taking your
dialog: action...
dialog: Miles pushes Junior into -
scene_heading: INT. HARPER'S OFFICE/STUDIO - CONTINUOUS
text: The place is the low rent version of Miles' home recording
text: studio. Photos of Harper with music stars, fighters, movie
text: stars, framed on the wall. Miles’ tape in the valise is on
text: the console behind Harper’s desk. Walter sits in a chair. As
text: "Go Ahead John" plays on the radio, Miles Davis Marathon.
text: Before Walter can react Miles has his gun pointed 6 inches
text: from his head. Everyone knows the score. Harper, dressed to
text: the nines, looks at Junior, the turncoat.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (resigned and ashamed)
dialog: They made me do it, man. I -
text: Harper puts up a quieting hand, all the while staring at
dialog: Miles.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (to Dave, re: Walter)
dialog: Get his gun.
dialog: Dave looks at Miles like, “why I do I always gotta take the
text: gun?” Dave grabs Walter’s gun out of his waistband half
text: points it at Walter. Miles points his gun at Harper takes a
text: few steps toward him.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Easy...
text: - holds his coat open, shows he's not armed. Miles spots his
text: valise and tape. Moves toward them, gun trained on Harper.
text: Harper sits on the edge of his desk, bemused.
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: This is great.
dialog: (points at Junior and
dialog: Dave)
text: Junkie and the flunky.
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Fucking Larry and Moe...
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Love them.
text: Miles snatches his valise - makes sure it's all in there -
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: So, guess you're not gettin' 'em
dialog: either, huh, Rolling Stone?
text: Miles pauses, checks Dave, second time he's been called out;
text: Dave scoffs.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah, you and this kid's story.
dialog: Tryin' to lump me in that shit.
text: Miles continues to stare at Dave -
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
text: Harper starts to laugh -
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Damn. This is your boy? Ha! Yeah,
dialog: you go ahead and take that tape.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (zips the valise)
dialog: I just did, muthafucka...
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: And that's the second time you
dialog: pointed a gun at me, you know?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I can count.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Right. I almost forgot - you used
dialog: to be a musician.
speaker_heading: PHIL SCHAFF ON RADIO (V.O.)
dialog: That was Miles Davis, "Go Ahead
dialog: John" from the Jack Johnson...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You did this for George?
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: I'm an enterprising young man. I
dialog: got options.
text: Miles and Dave back out of the room, Junior starts to go with
dialog: them -
speaker_heading: MILES HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: ...the fuck you think you’re Where the fuck are you going?
dialog: going?
text: Junior stops in his tracks, sonned by both of men.
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: See you ‘round, Miles.
dialog: Miles eyes Junior as he goes, “You brought this shit on
dialog: yourself.” No denying that. Miles shuts the door behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. HARPER'S BUILDING/GANG PLANK/ATRIUM - CONTINUOUS
text: Miles and Dave quickly move across the gangplank. Dave chucks
text: the gun into the atrium below.
scene_heading: INT. HARPER'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (referring to Junior, low)
dialog: Your boy here got us fucked up a
dialog: little bit...
text: Harper's hand flies out to side, grabs the desk lamp LIGHT-
text: BULB, and squeezes the hot glass into his palm - then wrings
dialog: the life out of the lamp. Junior’s like “shit” that could be
dialog: me.
text: Harper turns back his visage is calm.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: (little heartbroken)
dialog: Man, I really don't ever want to
dialog: see that motherfucker again.
text: He goes into his desk, tosses Walter another burner.
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Go bring me back that goddamned
dialog: tape.
text: Walter gives him the briefest of looks, nods, checks the gun.
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s go, Junior.
text: Junior obeys, Harper handling him roughly, pushing him out a
text: side door. Walter books it out the other direction.
scene_heading: EXT. GANESVOORT STREET - SAME/NIGHT
text: Reprise "Go Ahead John" on the SOUNDTRACK as it builds...
text: Miles strides purposefully toward the Jaguar, Dave in
dialog: lockstep.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You're not saying you bought all
dialog: that bullshit back there.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Fuck you, Dave, gimme my keys.
text: Dave doesn’t do anything. Miles stops, turns, glares.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Fuck... Alright, alright, but let
dialog: me just say one thing; I never
dialog: wanted the tape, okay? Just the
dialog: story. I was trying to help.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: That's three things. Now, gimme the
dialog: fucking keys!
text: Miles starts ripping at Dave's coat pockets.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Okay, okay -
text: Dave starts to pull out the keys, but before he does - Clink-
text: clink, glass bottle. Miles and Dave turn as Walter tries to
text: hug the shadow, but knows he’s been clocked -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I’m not playing with you, man.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: C’mere, Miles. Let me talk to you a
dialog: second.
text: Miles and Dave sees the glint of Walter’s gun barrel. Miles
text: pulls out his gun -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Let’s go, man.
dialog: 82
text: Dave runs to the Jaguar, unlocks the door and hurriedly jumps
text: in. He reaches over, pops the lock.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on!
text: Miles slowly walks backwards toward the car, pointing his gun
text: in Walter’s direction, pops off a shot next to his head,
text: Walter drops left, taking cover behind some cars.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (trying to start the car -—
dialog: to Miles)
dialog: The fuck, come on!
text: Dave is frantically pumping the gas, torquing on the
text: ignition. Miles jumps in the car.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Go, go, go! Come on!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I'm doing it!
text: Walter runs back, jumps into a black TOWNCAR at the curb,
dialog: guns it.
text: The Jaguar roars to life as Dave finally gets going and burns
text: rubber out of there.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. MILES' JAGUAR - NIGHT
text: "Go Ahead John" builds on the TRACK - into "the heist has
dialog: taken a bad turn let's get the fuck out of here" music.
text: We've come full circle - Reprise the OPENING SHOOTOUT
text: SCENE... (*** in the course of this to be choreographed chase
text: scene Miles will run out of bullets).
text: Miles in Jag, Walter in his car, exchanging gunfire, Jag
text: ahead - Dave ADLIBING: "Fuck, shit, etc” -- Walter gaining...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Shoot, muthafucka!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I tossed it!
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: What the fuck is wrong with you?!!
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: DAVE
text: LIKE I KNEW THIS WAS GOING TO
dialog: FUCKING HAPPEN!!
text: Screech-screech - the cars jockey for position -Miles shoots
text: across Dave out the window at Walter -
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuuuuuck me!
text: Walter's car falls back, Miles leans way out the passenger
text: window, pops off a couple more. Walter drops further back,
dialog: evading -
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: What the fuck! Get back in the car,
dialog: Miles!
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Go right! GO RIGHT!
text: Dave guns right - Walter drives straight past, brakes - outta
dialog: sight...
text: Dave and Miles zooming under train trestles - plowing into a
text: pile of boxes, fishtailing, papers from the boxes flying...
text: Everything “slows down” in an extended impressionistic beat
speaker_heading: from Miles' POV
text: CAMERA moving around the Jag...Dave screaming at Miles -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (Go! Go! Miles! Miles!...etc.)
text: But Miles, “elsewhere”, can’t hear Dave...PUSHING IN ON
text: MILES, watching what is clearly now staff paper fluttering
text: down all around them, and Miles “composing” ---
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Duh - duh - da - dee - da...
speaker_heading: DAVE
speaker_heading: MILES!
text: Dave finally snaps Miles back into reality, squealing out of
text: the fishtail, as Walter is racing back at them in his car -
text: Dave loses control - the Jaguar SKIDS toward the wall -
text: Bullets pierce the Jaguar's body - one SLAMS into MILES'
text: THIGH, he howls in pain as the car screeches to a halt, near
text: a MEAT PACKING WAREHOUSE -—
speaker_heading: A72
dialog: 84
text: Miles and Dave scramble out of the car as the Towncar bears
text: down on them. Miles clutches his valise, shooting at the
text: oncoming car - Walter swerves. Dave and Miles head into an
text: ALLEY...
text: The Towncar screeches to a stop near the Jaguar. Walter jumps
text: out, gun drawn -
scene_heading: EXT. NYC ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Miles trips, drops the briefcase, the tape and staff paper
text: spill out. The tape in the can rolls away - Miles tries to go
text: for it, Dave drags him to safety behind a dumpster, Miles
text: grasping helplessly at the air, at the papers flying away.
text: THEIR POVS behind the dumpster (Miles struggling to break
text: free of Dave) - Walter snatches up the tape and the valise.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (hollering at Walter)
dialog: Leave it! No!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (holding Miles back)
dialog: Forget about it -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (at Walter)
dialog: Don’t do that!
text: Miles shoots at Walter - click-click empty gun.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D) DAVE
dialog: (at Walter) (to Miles)
dialog: LEAVE IT! Gonna get us killed, man!
text: Miles, in an impotent last ditch, throws his gun at Walter -
text: it barely leaves his hand (with Dave all over him), bouncing
text: off the dumpster, and back at Miles.
text: Walter never utters a sound in the scramble, calm, doing his
text: job, as if Miles can’t be heard or seen, barely a flea.
text: SIRENS heard in the distance... approaching. Miles can now
dialog: only watch as
text: Walter hustles out of the alley, hops in his car and bones
text: out. Miles gritting his teeth in pain, staring straight ahead
dialog: - “now what?”
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: INT. GEORGE'S OFFICE/COLUMBIA RECORDS - DAY A72
speaker_heading: B72
dialog: 85
text: Harper reaches back toward Walter, snaps - Walter puts two
text: fight passes in his hand - holding out the passes to Miles.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: I got a boxer on the card at the
dialog: Cathedral tomorrow night...
scene_heading: BACK TO THE ALLEY - CONTINUOUS B72
text: Dave starts to hustle Miles into the passenger seat but he
text: pushes off, heads to the driver’s side -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Your hip, man. Shouldn’t I -
text: Miles ignores him, starts up the car. Dave climbs in the
text: passenger set. Miles races from the scene in the same
text: direction as Walter.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JAGUAR - CATHEDRAL ALLEY- MINUTES LATER
text: Miles eases around the corner, spots Walter's empty car in
text: the alley, and parks next to it.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Jesus, just go make some more shit
dialog: up! You're Miles fucking Davis!
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I’m getting my goddamned music back-
text: He opens the door and starts to get out. Dave grabs him,
text: Miles pulls away -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Listen, Miles, that’s it. You’re on
dialog: your own. This is mad.
text: Miles snatches a coat from the back seat -
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not dying for this music cuz
dialog: that’s what’s going to happen if
dialog: you go in there. You hear me? He's
dialog: gonna kill you.
text: Miles pulls the coat on as he gets out of the car, when his
text: leg hits the ground, a sharp pain shoots up his leg.
dialog: 86
scene_heading: MILES DAVIS - THE OPERATION
text: SPLIT SECOND CUTS: Stock footage of a bloody hip operation.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: 1966. A dark black hand holds three white pills. Miles pops
text: the painkillers back, chases them with a big slug of cognac.
text: He's sweaty, hurting, fucked-up fish-eye style. A cane
text: sitting next to the bed. Miles pulls down his waistband and
text: looks at the bandages on his hip. He painfully bends and
text: straightens his leg, curses under his breath.
text: On the TV an innocuous comedy/laugh track. It's all enough to
dialog: make you want to kill somebody. Miles grabs the remote, turns
text: down the volume. It's faint, but there it is again -
text: laughter. A man's. Followed by another sound; a flirtatious
text: giggle... A woman now whispering - "Stop it, he's going to
text: hear us..." Miles pushes himself up, straight backed. Calls -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Frances...? Hey, goddamnit...!
text: Miles whistles loudly. No response. Miles breath quickens,
text: eyes burn. He grabs the cane and swings his leg around the
text: side of the bed, forces himself to stand.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHEDRAL ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: Miles gets out of the car, standing, painfully strides toward
text: the line of people waiting to get into The Cathedral. Dave
text: gets out of the car, can’t believe what he’s seeing, watching
dialog: him go.
text: Miles moves through the crowd, patrons' expressions quickly
text: shift from piqued to geeked as this reclusive celebrity
text: pushes past them right to the front of the line. Miles walks
text: right up to the door but the DOORMAN there stops him.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Hold it, buddy, hold it... You see
dialog: that line-
text: His words die in his mouth as it begins to dawn on him who
text: this is. Miles says nothing.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: That’s Miles Davis, man.
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: (recognizing)
dialog: Oh, yeah. Of course. Mr. Davis. I'm
dialog: sorry...your ticket?
text: Miles points to his world famous face.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: You looking at it.
text: - and as Miles rolls into church, Ding Ding...
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL - CONTINUOUS
text: "So What" '64 (Miles in Berlin) on the TRACK. Inside The
text: Cathedral, smoky, shadowy, a well worn boxing ring plopped in
text: the center, bleachers surround, a couple hundred people in
text: here...maybe. It’s hard to tell. Not well lit except for the
text: ring. In the seats we only ever see small groupings.
text: Folks flow in and out of the aisle, getting beers, but mostly
text: hurrying back to see the fight; A BLACK AND WHITE MAN in the
dialog: ring, middle weights, scrappy, not scared to mix it up. Round
text: 3, you can see it on the card the girl carries as she climbs
text: out of the ring, Ding- Ding...
text: Miles looks left, right. POV back from wide; nobody. Miles
text: looks to the left. Harper up there, Junior next to him. He
text: ducks back into the shadows. Whoosh-whoosh-whoosh in his ears
text: as he studies his prey. And in an instant Miles doubles over
text: and throws up in a nearby WASTEBASKET.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS/AS
speaker_heading: BEFORE
text: "So What" '64 growing on the TRACK. Miles hobbles down the
text: hallway, head on a swivel, searching, his gait made all the
text: more crazy by his injury, paranoia, mounting rage.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Frances...!
text: Miles reaches the bathroom, pushes open the door finding
text: Frances putting on make-up.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: What?
dialog: 88
text: Miles looks inside the room, the shower curtain. Frances
dialog: knows this dance.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Come here.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Miles-
text: He grabs her arm. Shit... here we go.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME/STAIRS - CONTINUOUS/AS
speaker_heading: BEFORE
text: "So What" '64 on the TRACK. Miles drags Frances down those
dialog: stairs, those legs and those stairs, no love here now though,
dialog: or love on kilter, worse.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Let go of me, Miles, goddamnit!
text: She fights him, scared to, scared not to. Miles almost can't
text: hear her, inside steeling himself for the rival he's going to
dialog: kill before he kills Frances. And on a bad leg too? Fuck!
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Tell me where he is!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: There's nobody here, Miles.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Don't give me that shit. I HEARD
dialog: him!
text: He drags her toward the kitchen, pulls out a drawer, too far,
text: CLATTER, cutlery spills everywhere.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Miles-
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (crazy)
dialog: Shhhhhhhbhhh...
text: Miles cocks an ear, listens for a crazy beat then impulsively
text: moves the cutlery aside with his bare foot, bends down and
text: picks up a butcher knife.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll kill his ass! Come on!
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Miles!
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL - CONTINUOUS/AS BEFORE
text: Miles straightens up, moves into the room, cutting through
text: the people, headed in Harper’s direction. He cuts back
text: against the grain, calculating a pursuit angle on the fly so
dialog: that he can... what?!
text: "So What" '64 on the TRACK. In the aisle of the bleachers,
text: Walter leans across Junior, speaks quietly to Harper. Harper
text: covers but he's seething. Junior, wedged between the men,
text: looks sick to his stomach at the news he’s hearing.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: So now I gotta worry about this son
dialog: of a bitch showing up again or
dialog: going to the cops?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Cops?
text: (Walter shakes his head,
dialog: “No.")
dialog: He shot at me first, Harp. Self
dialog: defense. And like you said, ain't
dialog: really his music anyway.
text: Harper looks down at the valise in Walter's hands.
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: He’1ll stay down. He knows what’s
dialog: up.
text: Harper looks slightly nervous, scans the surroundings a bit.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: (low)
dialog: Don’t fucking count on it...
text: You can say that again. Through the people, Miles stares at
text: Harper, stalks.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME - CONTINUOUS/AS BEFORE
text: "So What" '64 on the TRACK. Miles kicks open a door.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: WHERE IS HE!?
text: Frances changes her tactics mid-scream.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Miles, Miles! Oh, my God, he's over
dialog: there, Miles!
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: What?! Where?!
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Down there, down there, he went
dialog: down there!
text: She points to the basement door. Miles spins his head in that
text: direction, drags Frances with him, but she digs in her heels,
dialog: knowing what we fear; you go down those steps you might not
dialog: come back up. Time for crazy-town.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (CONT'D)
dialog: No! NO...! Miles, you go get him!
dialog: I'm too scared! Please. He's a
dialog: monster! Said he'd kill me if I
dialog: didn't leave you.
text: The gears collide in Miles brain, teeth chipping off, but in
text: his insane state, it works. He re-calibrates.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Muthafucka...! Go upstairs and wait
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Ok, Miles...okay...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Mutha-fucka...
text: Miles crazy lopes to the door. Frances turns and runs.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL - CONTINUOUS/AS BEFORE
text: ANGLE: Harper quietly, intensely digging into Walter's ass.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Take this tape to the safe, sit
dialog: there and don't move 'til I -
text: Harper stops mid-sentence seeing Miles coming. Junior sits up
text: taller, “WIF?” Walter follows Harper's gaze, peeps Miles,
text: reaches inside his coat.
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey -
dialog: 91
dialog: But the big man springs up - this is his life right now, fuck
text: a job. He steps past Junior, jerking him aside as he does.
dialog: All Harper can do is stand too.
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Walter)
dialog: Easy -
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: He’s got a gun, man.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Not in his fucking hand, take it
dialog: easy...
text: Miles hasn't dropped a step, lasered in on Harper.
text: SEEN FROM ACROSS THE RING, through the boxers wiping frame,
text: it looks like nothing special; people moving to their seats -
text: But hold on - THROUGH the boxers wiping frame... PICTURE
text: BLURS...is that MILES and the QUINTET in the distance ON
text: STAGE killing "So What" '64 ?...maybe for a second, as the
text: PAN CONTINUES until we see we are in the CATHEDRAL...still IN
dialog: THE RING, the boxers are going at it, good fight (white hope
dialog: keeps dropping that left when he throws that right hook
dialog: though... uh-oh)...
text: Miles stomps up the steps, each one a knife in his hip, fire
text: feeding fire. He sees the valise near Harper’s feet, Walter’s
text: gun in his hand. Miles raises his arms ala’ Harper, “I’m not
text: armed.” Harper sighs.
speaker_heading: HARPER (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t know what the word “lose”
dialog: means, do you, Miles?
text: Then a distant voice pierces through.
speaker_heading: DAVE (0.C.)
dialog: Miles!!
text: Everyone turns seeing Dave running at breakneck speed,
text: carrying a stand-up ashtray, two security guards on his ass.
text: He smashes his elbow into a FIRE ALARM box, setting it off -
text: Miles takes the opportunity of the distraction to sucker
text: punch Harper. Harper rocks back, falling into Walter, Junior,
text: knocking them back into others, one RUBBERNECKING DUDE none
text: too happy about it, pushes them back.
text: Harper screams, enraged, dives on top of Miles and they
text: tumble down the stairs.
dialog: 92
text: Walter elbows Rubbernecking Dude off of him to go help
dialog: Harper, kicking that tangential beef off. Here we go...
text: Miles and Harper roll around trading messy blows. Miles
text: reaches into his waistband pulling out his empty .38. Fuck...
text: Walter sees it, raises his piece to shoot Miles but Junior
text: sucker-punches Walter from behind and his gun goes off,
text: hitting Harper. Holy shit. Harper falls spins as he falls
text: over off Miles, looking back at Walter, disbelieving.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Harp!
text: Patrons scream, run off in all directions just as Dave
text: arrives, swinging the stand-up ashtray into Walter's jaw,
text: putting him down. Miles yells to Junior, points -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Grab my shit!
text: Junior runs back up and grabs the valise swimming through the
text: crowd now in full frenzy. Dave helps Miles to his feet.
text: IN THE RING/JAPAN, Miles finishes his solo, winded, spent,
text: alive, the man, the great white hope laid out on his back
text: beneath him, vanilla Sonny Liston, Ali/Miles standing over
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL - HALLWAY
text: Miles, Dave and Junior burst out the door into the hallway,
text: moving fast, Miles clutching his tape like a father reunited
dialog: with his lost child.
text: In a surreal moment, '79 Miles passes '64 Miles chasing after
text: Frances, running in the opposite direction... he looks back -
text: '64 Miles isn't there, swallowed up by the crowd...
text: Miles, Dave, and Junior fling open the side door into the
dialog: night -
scene_heading: EXT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME - CONTINUOUS/AS BEFORE
text: Frances bursts through the front door and into the New York
dialog: night, Gone, Gone, Gone...
text: Miles hobbles back up the stairs, screams for all he's worth -
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Frances! FRANCES!!!
dialog: "So What" ‘64 - done.
dialog: 93
scene_heading: EXT. CATHEDRAL - CONTINUOUS
text: The three jump into the Jaguar and Dave fishtails away from
dialog: the curb.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JAGUAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Dave and Junior check the mirrors and all around, heads on a
text: swivel.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Anybody back there?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: No, man, we're good, we're good.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: We're good.
text: Beat. Then they start to out-gas, relieved laughter,
text: oblivious to Miles' state in the back.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Ho-ly shit... That was, I mean... I
dialog: mean, that was -
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Holy shit...
text: Miles remains quiet. They finally tune into him.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Don't worry, Miles, we're gonna get
dialog: you right, man.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah, yeah...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (almost a whisper)
dialog: No. Take me home.
text: Junior checks him out, bleeding caked over now. Dave nods -
text: tugs on the wheel.
text: Miles stares off as we PUSH IN. Somewhere, a phone rings.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (0.S.)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: MILES (0.S.)
dialog: You thought I wouldn't find you?
dialog: (silence)
dialog: If you make me come out there, the
dialog: only thing left is gonna be
text: bullets.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You hear me?
speaker_heading: FRANCES (0.S.)
dialog: I'm not coming back.
text: Long beat. Miles breathing.
speaker_heading: MILES (0.S.)
dialog: I'll... I'll kill myself, Frances.
dialog: I swear to God.
dialog: (breathing, then)
dialog: Frances- - I love you...
speaker_heading: FRANCES (0.S.)
dialog: I know you do. Goodbye, Miles.
dialog: Click. Dial tone.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME - NIGHT
text: Miles enters first, Junior holding the crook of his arm, Dave
text: trailing slightly.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I'll go find some...gauze,
dialog: something-—
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Yeah. And some alcohol. Clean that
dialog: shit out.
text: Miles goes to his work area. Junior follows at a respectful
text: distance as Miles threads the tape and hits play. Tape spools
text: through the heads.
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME - KITCHEN - SAME
text: Dave goes through the sink cabinet looking for supplies, then
text: stops, hearing the indecipherable sounds emanating from the
dialog: other room.
dialog: 95
scene_heading: INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME - SAME
text: Dave returns with the stuff finding Miles sitting at his
text: station, full concentration, Junior behind him. Dave sidles
text: in next to Junior. They listen, waiting to hear something
text: resembling music. But it's just disorganized noise so far;
text: conversations about music, stops and starts, flirtations with
dialog: concepts but nothing concrete.
text: Dave looks at Junior - "Am I missing something?" Junior's
dialog: look - "Give it a minute."
text: Miles fast forwards the tape but even at it's sped up tempo
text: we can tell he's not running over music. He hits stop. Play.
text: Listens. It's more of the same.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: When do you come in?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I'm already in there.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I don't hear any-
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: I played organ...
text: Jesus Christ... Dave squints at Junior - "This is it?" Junior
text: looks at his shoes, crushed, witnessing his hero falter. He
dialog: sighs.
text: Hearing the sound, Miles snaps his head around, sees Dave's
text: shock, but worse; Junior's look of pity. Pity; Miles Achilles
dialog: heel.
text: Miles stands up, goes to his trumpet case, pops it open. Dave
dialog: perks up. Miles Davis' first notes after five years? An
text: incredible moment about to unfold. But Junior is unchanged, a
dialog: horn player knows...
text: Miles returns to his station, spreads out his musical scrawl.
text: He pulls out his mouthpiece, pops it on, holds open the spit
text: valve and blows through the dormant instrument. No spit, no
text: mist, just dank air. Miles licks his lips, the mouthpiece,
text: takes a deep breath... and blows...
text: Nothing. The labored, ragged sound of an atrophied embouchure
text: after a five year lay off. He tries to play it off, let's out
text: a dark chuckle.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn...
dialog: 96
text: Miles licks his lips and blows again gets the same result.
text: Not funny. Junior looks like he might cry. Miles get pissed
text: now, tries to overpower the instrument, blows hard, manages
text: to coax out a squeak. Then silence except for the musical
text: mish mash playing in the background.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Aw, that ain't nothing, man. Hit
dialog: them scales, right? Your chops come
dialog: back. Real quick.
text: Junior chuckles.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah. It's just like... some
dialog: practice, right?
text: Their "help", neither solicited nor appreciated, has the
text: opposite effect. Miles looks at his horn, nods gravely and
text: lays it down. There's a long uncomfortable silence as Miles
text: starts to walk away. Junior gently puts his hand on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You'll get it back, man.
text: Miles digs in his pocket and pulls out the last balloon of
text: heroin he took from Junior earlier. Hands it to him.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Bye bye.
text: Miles flops down onto the couch. Done. Dave starts chuckling,
dialog: darkly -
text: Junior stares at the baggie in his hand, contemplating. He
text: sits down in front of the spinning reel and the gibberish
text: poring out of the speakers.
text: Miles looks over, finds a half drunk bottle of booze, wipes
text: the top of it with his sleeve and then takes it to the head.
text: Finshing it off, he let’s out a deep sigh. Dave can’t believe
text: what he’s looking at.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: This is not... are you kidding me?
text: Miles clicks on the TV. Focuses on the fight playing there.
text: Dave nods, laughs a long hollow, “How’d I not see this
text: coming,” laugh.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (quietly to himself)
dialog: What was I thinking?
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Miles)
dialog: Going back in your hole, huh? Guess
dialog: I should've expected that. It’s a
dialog: good thing I came prepared. You
dialog: mind?
dialog: 97
text: Dave pulls out his camera. Snaps a shot. Miles squints,
text: finally looks back at him.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I gotta hunker down too. Got work
dialog: to do. See, I'm coming out with the
dialog: fuckin' story, you better believe
dialog: that. Forget about the comeback
dialog: piece. It’s dirt time. And I’m
text: coming with it.
text: Dave gestures sprinkling dirt on his grave. Miles swigs as
text: Dave rolls on.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Rolling Stone passes, so what? Have
dialog: any idea how many people'll want to
dialog: buy what I got? You may be a
dialog: fucking quitter, but you're still
dialog: an earner, baby.
text: He pops off a shot and Miles chucks the bottle at his head.
text: Dave ducks it quick, guffaws. He pops another picture.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: That's it! But remember, you're
dialog: Miles Davis! Don’t be repetitive.
dialog: Switch it up a little bit. I mean,
dialog: you already did the self-pitying,
dialog: junkie, jazz burnout, asshole
dialog: thing, right?
text: Realizing it’s all falling on deaf ears -
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: FUCK!
text: Dave plops down into a chair, sick to his stomach.
text: Then, a loud trumpet run cuts through Dave’s rant.
text: Junior, Miles' trumpet in his hand, looking at the
text: deciphering it. Inspired, Junior cuts off the reel
text: and rips another musical phrase, having mined some
dialog: scrawl,
dialog: to reel
dialog: gold.
text: Miles and Dave watch and listen in silence as Junior grabs
dialog: the treasure map ledger pages -
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Ima go over to the piano
text: Junior strides over to the piano, reads, plays a few
dialog: chords...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
text: (squinting at the scrawl)
dialog: That's what you have here...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: That's not in there...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
text: (grinning at the scrawl)
dialog: Yes it is, it's the 5 sus chord...
text: Zooming to the two, Miles walks over, Junior plays a chord
text: with his right hand.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Ok -
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: - to the 3rd, f# major, to the
dialog: tonic minor, to the flat 6 ...B
dialog: major...
text: Miles puts the mute in the trumpet bell and they figure it
text: out together for a few bars, Junior humming Miles to the
text: right notes also with head movement...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Why don't you change that 2nd chord
dialog: from f# major to f minor 7?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Ok sooo....like this?
dialog: Junior plays the progression...
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Yeah yeah...start over start
dialog: over...
dialog: They play a bit more together...
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah yeah ...see what I'm sayin?
dialog: Gives it a lil color..
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Yeah, yeah, ok, ok, I see....
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: So, that’s really in there, huh?
text: Miles peeks at Dave a sec, “guess so...”
text: POV from the staircase, someone or something watches the trio
dialog: working out. Frances? We hold on the tableau from this
text: vantage point for a beat.
text: Junior nods, plays another chord, Miles blows too, ragged
text: edges ever so slowly smoothing out.
text: Dave walks up to the piano, grabs a pencil from the stand,
text: takes a sheet from the pile of staff paper, flips it over,
text: starts feverishly writing the story. Stay here until too long
dialog: becomes.
speaker_heading: CROSSFADE:
text: Later now and Junior fades away -
speaker_heading: CROSSFADE:
text: Later now and Dave fades away -
speaker_heading: CROSSFADE:
text: Miles by himself, working it out, his composition taking
dialog: shape.
speaker_heading: FADE BLACK, PLAY
scene_heading: WITH SHADOWS:
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: So what should we tell the folks,
dialog: that Miles Davis has mellowed with
dialog: age or that folks are just now
dialog: listening to what he's been saying
dialog: or -
speaker_heading: MILES (V.O.)
dialog: Don't tell ‘em nothin'. Let ‘em
dialog: guess.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: You like that, huh? The mystery...
speaker_heading: MILES (V.O.)
dialog: They like it. I'm cool.
dialog: 100
scene_heading: INT. MILES’ HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Miles and Junior at the piano. Dave watching. Tableau. The
text: tableau then goes away - Dali-esque transition - becoming
text: Miles in the interview chair. The wraparound. Trumpet leaves
text: Miles’ lips. A beat then.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah. Dig it. That was a better
dialog: answer. I was really drawn in.
dialog: Beautiful playing, Miles.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Something clicked.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I'll say. Great. And is there a way
dialog: that you can put what you just
dialog: played into words?"
text: Miles shakes his head, chuckles, rises, puts his trumpet on a
text: stand, picks up the valise stuffed with staff paper, the
text: record SMPWC tucked in behind the tape cannister, and walks
text: off camera.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Keep rolling...
text: Dave enters frame, turns to the camera, shrugs; “Is he
text: fucking serious?” Dave calls out to Miles.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey, are you coming back?!
dialog: Black.
scene_heading: INT. NYC CLUB - FEBRUARY 22, 20-- NIGHT
text: The stage. The band comes on - Gary Clark Jr. Esperanza
dialog: Spaulding, Wayne Shorter, Herbie Hancock...
text: Miles jumps it all off, stepping up to the mic and firing a
text: run, looking good now, strong, back. The band locks in and
text: they begin to run the voodoo down, no one leading, everyone
text: following, searching for all that is said and unsaid, the
text: particles that make up the fabric of life itself.
speaker_heading: CREDITS ROLL
dialog: 101
text: Miles finishes his solo and steps to the side to watch. PUSH
text: IN on Miles, you can see it up close, the corners turn up
text: slightly -- Miles Smiles.
speaker_heading: END
dialog: 
