dialog: 
dialog: M i M i C
dialog: a revision
dialog: by
dialog: Matt Greenberg
dialog: and
dialog: Guillermo del Toro
dialog: June 19th 1996
text: NOTE: THE HARD COPY OF THIS SCRIPT CONTAINED SCENE NUMBERS.
text: THEY HAVE BEEN REMOVED FOR THIS SOFT COPY.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: THE SCREEN
text: Stygean darkness.
text: Wet CLICKING SOUNDS. A BEAM of purplish ULTRA-VIOLET LIGHT
text: reveals a mosaic of moving forms... COCKROACHES. They skitter
text: restlessly under the beam's intensity. SERIES OF SHOTS -- the
text: UV Beam passing over various parts of the space. Pipe webs,
text: walls, girders -- all covered with the insects. Thousands of
dialog: them.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL
scene_heading: INT. SEWER SYSTEM
text: Innards of steel. A vast maze of tunnels.
text: A GROUP OF FIGURES advances through the tunnels with handheld
dialog: UV lamps.
text: The figures are dressed in gray air-tight NEOPRENE SUITS,
text: their faces hidden by skin tight MASKS and bug-like NIGHT
text: VISION GOGGLES. In the dense silence, respirator valves HISS-
text: CLICK at the corner of their lips in mechanical rhythm.
text: The scene has a dream-like, choreographed quality.
scene_heading: NIGHT-VISION POV
text: Eerie, aquatic green. The horde of insects appear to be some
text: kind of sea-life, crawling over the floor of a dead ocean.
text: THE TEAM OF FIGURES
text: From their midst appears another FIGURE, its neoprene suit a
text: flat WHITE. Female, clearly the TEAM LEADER.
text: She carries a stainless steel CONTAINER filled with twenty
text: small compartments, each bearing a large, heavy-shelled roach
text: with a different BARCODE on their back.
scene_heading: JUDAS ROACHES.
text: She kneels and opens the
speaker_heading: CASE
text: TCHK!! A dozen of the Judas roaches are released. They slide
text: through into the area.
scene_heading: THE NEARBY ROACHES
text: react instantaneously. In a rustle of tiny legs, they begin
text: to stream toward the Judases.
text: Jostle and fight each other for position to mate with them.
text: They even crawl over the Team Leader in an effort to reach
text: the Judases. The Team Leader makes no effort to brush them
text: off. Patient, almost godlike, she watches the MATING.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: A MANHOLE has been opened above. CHAINS are dropped down and
text: attached by a Team Member to A 100-GALLON DISPOSAL DRUM.
text: REVEAL the floor of the tunnel, carpeted with the still forms
text: of the roaches, now all DEAD.
text: The Team Members quietly shovel the tiny corpses into other
dialog: disposal drums.
text: At their feet skitter the only survivors of the massacre:
text: the bar-coded Judas Roaches.
text: In a crunch of machinery, the first disposal drum is lifted
text: by the chains through the manhole to
scene_heading: EXT. A CITY STREET - DAY
text: MIDTOWN MANHATTAN. A cacophony of SOUND and LIGHT.
text: Dirty snow drifts over Bryant Park. Emergency lights blink
text: everywhere. A wall of cars sits on Sixth Avenue, stopped
text: dead. Exhaust fumes hang in the air. Jaded TRAFFIC COPS send
text: the cars on crosstown detours.
text: Mounted policemen patrol a line of yellow sawhorses near
text: dozens of Department of Public Health vehicles, angle-parked
text: in a military phalanx.
text: A monumental ribcage-like scaffolding has been erected in the
text: middle of the street, "sealing" the area with amber plastic.
text: Inside, UNIFORMED WORKERS take the disposal drum of roaches
text: and toss it into one of a number of huge DUMPSTERS.
text: The Team Leader watches from nearby, exhauster. Her mask is
text: off. We see her face: Enthomologist SUSAN WYETH, 28.
text: An ARM gently drapes over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: PETER (OS)
dialog: How we doing?
text: She looks over at DR. PETER TYLER, 34, bespectacled. A
text: HEADSET around his neck, a coat emblazoned with the
text: DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH logo. He has the look of a man who's
text: just fought a long battle and come out victorious.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: We'll see...
text: He offers her a bite of a PAY DAY CANDYBAR. Susan smiles,
text: shakes her head. She wearily leans against him.
text: Peter looks out as the dumpster filled with roaches is raised
text: by MECHANICAL ARMS into the waiting maw of the dump truck.
scene_heading: THE SCREEN. DARKNESS.
text: A voice, a somber bas-relief in the darkness.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN (VO)
dialog: Strickler's Disease crept into Manhattan
text: like a thief in the night, claiming its
dialog: first hundred victims before it was even
dialog: classified.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT - FLOATING SHOT
text: We FLOAT through a long hospital ward.
text: Past ROWS of illuminated oxygen tents, pulsating softly in
text: the dark like cocoons of light.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN (VO)
dialog: Most were children under ten.
text: TRACK past tents. BODIES OF SMALL CHILDREN inside, wrapped
text: in white sheets, hooked up to IVs or breathing apparatus.
text: Skeletal hands, parched lips, glazed eyes.
text: BELLOWS of respirators push in and out, labored, failing.
text: IMAGE RESOLVES TO A VIDEO ON A SCREEN.
text: PULL BACK to reveal a number of SCREENS, each with a
text: different set of images. We are in a NEWS VAN. A
text: TECHNICIAN and DIRECTOR sit watching.
text: The voice belongs to an ANCHORMAN who's now overimposed.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
dialog: Only after the numbers had reached into
dialog: the thousands were officials able to
dialog: identify the carrier of the deadly
dialog: infection...
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Cut to three.
text: The Technician manipulates the controls. On another screen
text: we see them cut to STOCK NEWS FOOTAGE: regular cockroaches,
text: crawling on garbage.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
dialog: Blattida Germanica. The common
text: cockroach.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
speaker_heading: (To a RUNNER)
dialog: Tell them we're ready for a live feed.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE VAN - CITY HALL - DUSK
text: The runner exits the News Van. Other such vehicles parked
text: nearby. A CROWD of ONLOOKERS, REPORTERS and a gaggle of
text: PROTESTERS with handpainted signs.
text: Gliding past them, we pick up sound bites...
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: ...an insect that has proven virtually
dialog: immune to chemical control...
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: ...the announcement by the Health
dialog: Department that an end to the nightmare
dialog: has finally...
text: REPORTER 3 is interviewing a Greenpeace PROTESTER who is
text: holding up a photograph of Susan.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 3
dialog: ...an ex-colleague of Doctor Susan
dialog: Wyeth...
speaker_heading: PROTESTER
dialog: ...Susan has always been opposed to
dialog: biological tampering. A real advocate
dialog: for ecological causes, it's not...
text: MOVE past them to further inside of the perimeter...
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - CITY HALL
text: A NEWS CONFERENCE in progress. A packed house. T.V.
text: monitors spaced ever 10 seats or so. In the audience, the
text: MAYOR OF NEW YORK and various CITY OFFICIALS, listening to
text: Peter, speaking at the podium with the ease and enthusiasm of
text: a public servant still untainted by bureaucracy.
speaker_heading: ON A TV MONITOR
text: While Peter talks, a news title appears at the bottom of the
scene_heading: screen: PETER TYLER. DEPUTY DIRECTOR, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (wrapping up)
dialog: ...in Nature, evolution is a long,
text: leisurely conversation between an
dialog: organism and its environment. We,
dialog: however, did not have the luxury of
dialog: time...
text: Susan is waiting in the wings. She observes the audience.
text: She notices that the entire front row is composed of CHILDREN
text: who have survived Strickler's. Leg and arm braces, facial
dialog: scarring...
text: He nods at Susan, who takes the podium, adjusting her jacket,
text: slightly ill at ease in her business suit. She clears her
text: throat, speaks softly.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: With the aid of genetic labs throughout
dialog: the country, we recombined cockroach DNA
dialog: with genetic information from termites
dialog: and mantids. We were able to create a
text: biological counter-agent. A new ally, if
dialog: you will...
text: She places a clear container on the podium for all to see.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Blattida Traditor.
speaker_heading: CU CONTAINER
text: One of the Judas roaches skitters about in the container.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (OS)
dialog: The "Judas Roach".
text: Cameras FLASH. MURMURS from the audience.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: The Judas is a non-carrier of Stricklers,
dialog: with a short life-span and heightened
dialog: pheromone emission.
text: On the back row she can see some ecological hand-painted
text: signs being raised in silent protest. She stumbles for a
text: second, then resumes her speech.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: The female is basically a sexual magnet;
dialog: common males travelled miles and fought
dialog: for the right to mate with them.
text: The audience is rapt.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: When they did, they took away something
dialog: else we added -- a hormone, passed
dialog: through sexual congress that causes their
dialog: metabolism to go into overdrive. No
dialog: matter what their food intake, they
text: starved to death in a matter of hours.
text: Now Peter takes the mic.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We've achieved almost total eradication
dialog: of the roach population. As of today,
dialog: the disease has been officially
dialog: contained.
text: A STANDING OVATION starts and is carried on as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TYLER APARTMENT - BATHROOM - SUSAN
text: in a tub in a dark bathroom. Her business suit crumpled
text: on the bathroom floor. SOUND of a TV outside.
speaker_heading: PETER (OS)
dialog: Sus, come on. You're missing it.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Nothing grand. Peter in his shorts at a TV with shitty
text: reception. He adjusts the disgruntled cable box.
text: He is seen over the TV, giving his address.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Fucking thing! I hope someone's taping
dialog: this.
dialog: (Out.)
dialog: Susan, come on. It's really good this
dialog: time. I got most of the lines out.
dialog: (No response.)
dialog: Sus?
text: Peter sighs. He picks up an open bottle of champagne and
text: two mis-matched ceramic cups, then heads for the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Life's a bitch. Our 15 minutes came
dialog: and went and all we got was bad
dialog: cable...
text: Susan doesn't answer, clearly not in the same high spirits.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hiding from the hard glare of publicity?
text: He notices her crumpled garment on the floor. He picks it
text: up, puts it up on the hanger.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: A shame. You looked great tonight.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You did!
text: He sits by the tub.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Do you think we did the right thing?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Taking a cab instead of hiring a limo?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You know what I mean...
text: Peter pours some champagne into the cups.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: We did no impact evaluation. The
dialog: consequences of...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Is this a Catholic guilt thing...?
text: We hear a NEWSREADER on the TV.
speaker_heading: NEWSREADER (TV)
text: ...a flawless strategy which has stopped
dialog: a potential epidemic in its tracks...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You hear that? Flawless.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: We just don't know.
text: He offers one cup to Susan. She doesn't take it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We know we saved lives.
text: He sits closer to her.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: There're gonna be a lot of kids running
dialog: around next year because of you.
text: Beat. Susan starts to relax. He kisses her.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Who know? We get lucky, maybe a couple
dialog: of 'em'll be ours.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (smiling now)
dialog: We're down to a "couple" now, huh?
text: She pats the water, beckoning.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh, I don't know. People are beginning
dialog: to talk about us...
text: Still partially clothed, he steps into the bathtub. Susan
text: shakes her head, laughs ruefully.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don't worry, I'll save your honor.
dialog: Maybe I'll even marry you.
text: She reaches over, kisses him.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: FADE IN TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALPHABET CITY - NIGHT
text: The WILLIAMSBURG BRIDGE dimly visible through the rain.
scene_heading: ALPHABET CITY STREETS
text: Empty warehouses. Closed businesses. Traffic lights blinking
text: on empty streets. Everything seems doomed under the heavy
text: layer of rain.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: TWO YEARS LATER
text: A DILAPIDATED BUILDING before us. A blazing NEON CROSS made
text: of the words 'JESUS SAVES' hangs askew from its facade.
text: CRANE to see the ROOFTOP.
text: WHAM! The door to the interior stairs FLIES OPEN and a tall,
text: thin CHINESE PREACHER in his sixties lurches out, eyes wild
dialog: with terror.
text: He looks back down the steps.
text: Something's climbing up fast, casting ominous, complex
text: shadows on the wall.
text: Too many FOOTSTEPS for it to be just one person.
text: The man hurriedly shuts the door and slides a bolt home.
text: Trembling, he backs away as a booming THUD makes the door
text: shudder. Raw, frenzied pounding and scratching follows...
text: something inhuman, determined to break through.
text: The metal surface suddenly buckles and bulges.
text: On the man's white undershirt, a blotch of blood starts to
text: grow. Needles of rain stab his flesh.
text: He searches wildly for a possible escape.
text: He reaches the edge of the roof: it's five floors down to the
dialog: sidewalk.
text: Two of the hinges on the door come loose, pulverizing the
text: surrounding concrete.
text: WHAM! The door to the stairs bulges outward as something
text: SMASHES against it again and again. Frenzied SCRATCHING.
text: The man sprints to the other end of the roof. There, on the
dialog: adjoining building...
scene_heading: THE CHINESE PREACHER'S POV
text: Just one floor below on the building across the alley is a
text: suspended PAINTERS' PLATFORM, crowded with paint cans under a
text: tarp. A two-story old EYEWEAR ADVERTISEMENT from the 40's is
text: being painted over.
scene_heading: THE CHINESE PREACHER
text: Looks back to the door. BAM! a tremendous SHATTERING sound.
text: LIGHT spills from inside. Two bolts fly in the air, a hinge
dialog: gives.
text: He CRIES OUT in terror.
text: The man gauges the distance between buildings; can he make
dialog: it?
text: He takes a few steps back, a few more...
text: Panting hard, he closes his eyes, his chest soaked in blood
dialog: and rain.
text: THE DOOR EXPLODES OUTWARD AND SKIDS ACROSS THE SLIPPERY ROOF.
text: Light from inside projects the shadow of wild, busy things
text: onto the curtain of rain.
text: Weeping with fear, the man desperately tries to hurl himself
text: to the catwalk.
dialog: It's too far.
text: He FALLS...CRASH! he hits the platform, knocking boards
text: loose and sending paint cans onto their sides, rolling. He
text: bounces, slides off the edge, barely able to grab onto a
text: loose board to save himself from falling.
text: The RAIN blasts down. The scaffold CREAKS. He hits the
text: edge, upsetting the cans of paint there.
text: He holds onto the planks with all his might, trying to push
text: with his feet, but they slide on the wet wall.
speaker_heading: BELOW
text: Cans bounce off the pavement. White pain blasts all over.
speaker_heading: CU HANDS
text: The man's hands slip on the planks, tiring.
speaker_heading: FEET
text: The Chinese Preacher's FEET bicycle in the air, unable to
text: find a purchase on the wet brick wall-
scene_heading: THE CHINESE PREACHER
text: is hanging just in front of the painted EYE of the forties'
text: model. He looks up above him, sees something-
speaker_heading: CHINESE PREACHER
dialog: No. Please, God, no!
text: A SHADOW crosses his face as something looms above him.
text: Suddenly there is a CRACK and the platform tilts completely
text: on one end.
speaker_heading: HANDS
text: The Chinese Preacher's fingernails dig in, then slip on the
text: wet wood.
text: His hands paw the air.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: For a moment his body, silhouetted in the rain, seems
text: suspended in a void. Then he falls backwards.
speaker_heading: THE GROUND
text: Impact. His body cracks the pavement.
text: Small pools of rain form on his dead, open eyes.
dialog: We CRANE to reveal
text: A WINDOW ON A BUILDING ACROSS THE STREET
text: CHUY, a young Latino boy. He stares out the window at the
text: Chinese Preacher's body with no discernable emotion.
text: He works a small WIRE SCULPTURE in his hands.
speaker_heading: APARTMENT
text: It's a small one-bedroom apartment.
text: An old man sleeps peacefully on a cot: Chuy's grandfather.
text: MANNY GAVIOLA, mid 60's, white hair haloes his handsome,
text: benign face.
text: All around him: SHOES, shoes everywhere you look, on the
text: table, on the chairs, on the kitchen counter, on the floor.
text: A small altar is illuminated by votive candles. Next to it,
text: standing by the window is
speaker_heading: CHUY
speaker_heading: HIS P.O.V.
text: We see a blurry vision of The Chinese Preacher's splayed
text: figure in a swirl of color.
text: Chuy's attention focuses on the Preacher's shoes.
speaker_heading: CHUY
speaker_heading: CHUY
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Oxfords, 8 1/2. Black...
text: He looks away from the body and goes back to twisting the
text: wire into shape.
text: THE PUDDLE OF PAINT
text: around the preacher, reflects large shadows moving above,
text: and across the neon sign...
speaker_heading: CHUY
text: hears a strange sound, a rhythmic clicking.
text: His head lifts and what he sees causes his expression to
text: change--there is an uncharacteristic flicker of excitement in
text: his eyes.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOFTOP
dialog: We are behind whatever it is that has captured Chuy's
dialog: attention.
scene_heading: TICKETY-TACKETY-TOCK...
text: The strange clicking sound grows louder. The figure begins
text: moving in some weird, preparatory fashion. Then it steps
text: forward and drops out of frame.
speaker_heading: CHUY
text: His eyes follow the figure down to the pavement in a slow
dialog: arc.
text: Chuy puts down the wire miniature and opens the window to get
dialog: a better view.
speaker_heading: GROUND LEVEL
text: The Chinese Preacher's body is now being dragged toward the
text: rear of the alley, leaving colored paint smears in its wake.
speaker_heading: CHUY
text: We isolate the boy's face and, on the soundtrack, every other
text: noise FADES AWAY.
text: Chuy reaches for a pair of SPOONS nearby.
text: He begins to click them together.
text: Imitating the strange clicking sound heard a moment ago.
scene_heading: THE CHINESE PREACHER
text: is being pulled into a small, ground-level vent. The only
dialog: problem is that no human is small enough to squeeze through
dialog: this hole.
speaker_heading: CHUY
text: watches, still clicking with his spoons.
scene_heading: THE CHINESE PREACHER'S BODY
text: is stuck. One of his legs is through the hole up to the
text: thigh, but the other is folded up unnaturally and pressing
text: against the wall next to the vent. Impossible.
text: There is a silent beat, and then a series of INCREDIBLY
text: VIOLENT TUGS, BAM! BAM! BAM! shaking the Paint-soaked body
text: like a rag doll.
speaker_heading: CHUY
text: His spoons stop. His jaw tightens a little as we hear
text: terrible cracking and scraping sounds.
speaker_heading: THE WINDOW
text: The Chinese Preacher's head and hands disappear into the
text: hole. Bits of clothing, paint and blood stick to the edges of
dialog: the opening.
speaker_heading: CHUY
text: watches, still fascinated.
speaker_heading: CHUY
dialog: (very low)
dialog: Funny, funny shoes...
text: He starts a new wire sculpture.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JOGGING PATH - CENTRAL PARK - DAWN
text: Peter is covered in sweat, running at a good clip around the
text: Central Park reservoir. A beautiful day dawns behind him; the
text: windows of the Beresford sparkle in the morning sun.
text: Peter outperforms most of the other RUNNERS in the track, his
text: steady rhythm evidence of years of practice. Keeping his
text: stride, he runs off the track and past a flock of OLD NUNS.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Excuse me, ladies...
text: Without slowing down, Peter retakes the path and moves past
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. JOGGER'S PATH - NEAR FIFTH AVENUE - LATER
text: Peter finally slows down. He checks his pulse and stops at a
dialog: water fountain.
text: As he drinks, he sees a DERELICT drawing a figure on the
dialog: sidewalk.
text: The derelict spots Peter. He picks up his chalk, drifts off.
text: Intrigued, Peter goes closer to the drawing. An arrow points
text: to a manhole cover set among the bushes.
text: Peter circles around, trying to make sense out of the lines.
text: Then the painted motif finally reveals itself.
speaker_heading: GRAFFITI
text: A talismanic figure of raw, archetypal power. A few jagged
text: lines form the shape of a MAN IN AN OVERCOAT. His face is
text: little more than a malignant blotch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - EXHIBIT ROOM - DAY
text: A room of half-finished exhibits. A group of SCULPTORS --
text: most of them undergraduates -- work on a gigantic piece
text: representing a termite mound. They're supervised by SIRI, a
text: punkish young Indian research assistant.
text: Susan talks to some of the sculptors about a 100-1 scale
text: clay model of an insect's head. She gestures to the
text: model's mandible set.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: ...no, guys, these have to fit
dialog: perfectly. No spaces in between. Let
dialog: me tell you why. Insects have no
dialog: hands. All they have is this set of
text: mandibles.
text: She grabs the outer mandible set.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: See? This little piggy will grab the
dialog: prey.
text: Then unfolds a second set...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Then this little piggy will tear it
dialog: in half...
dialog: And a third!!!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: ...and this little one will grind it
dialog: to a pulp and push it in... all the
dialog: way into the mouth. These are
dialog: precision tools here. Can you
dialog: remember that?
text: The guys nod.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Good. Then get it right.
text: A piece of the termite mound is raised above their heads,
dialog: revealing...
text: ...Peter, at the entrance, still dressed in his jogging
text: sweats. He smiles at Susan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: EXHIBITS
text: Peter and Susan walk through. Peter pulls something from a
text: KNAPSACK. A bottle of medicine marked: METALLININ.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: "Baby in a bottle..."
text: He gives it to Susan.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don't tease.
text: Around them, WORKMEN begin unloading crates of display stuff,
text: as a MAN on a ladder tacks up an "ARCHITECTS OF NATURE"
text: banner. Susan proceeds behind an exhibit representing a
text: honeycomb. Peter follows as she begins to arrange some tools.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You know where they get this
dialog: fertility stuff? They extract it
dialog: from the urine of menopausal Italian
dialog: nuns.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Monks bottle their own wine. Don't
dialog: they?
text: She gently touches her belly.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Trust me. I've never been this late.
dialog: Never.
text: She shakes the bottle.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: If nun's pee is what it takes...
text: Peter's cellular RINGS from his knapsack. Susan grabs a
text: larvae model from a pile on the floor.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You were the one who ran around with
dialog: ice in his underwear, don't forget
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Don't get kinky here...
text: Peter takes the call. Susan cuts away the excess plastic on
text: the lid around the honeycomb moldings. The larvae fits
text: perfectly inside.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Okay, meet me out front.
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: I gotta go. Josh's picking me up in five.
dialog: see you tonight.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'll be late.
text: He kisses her and leaves. Susan turns to Siri and the group
dialog: working on that sculpture.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Siri, sandblast that thing. It looks
dialog: like Trump Tower. Those mounds are
dialog: supposed to be made of dirt and
dialog: excretions...
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: (a wicked smile)
dialog: Just like Trump Tower, then.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: A Department of Health VAN honks its way through a traffic
dialog: jam.
scene_heading: INT. VAN
text: Peter's right hand man, JOSH MASLOW -- a young, good-natured,
dialog: can-do guy -- drives.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: ...So I say "buddy, you have every
dialog: violation in the book. Gimme one
dialog: good reason not to close you down."
dialog: You know what the Kraut says to me?
text: In the back, Peter finishes changing out of his jogging
text: sweats and into his worksuit.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: The blintzes! "Try the blintzes..."
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (distractedly)
dialog: Selling your sould for a fistful of
dialog: carbohydrates...
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Not just any carbohydrates, mind you.
dialog: It was like being on the receiving
dialog: end of some kind of transcendent oral
dialog: sex.
dialog: (honks furiously)
dialog: We should get a strobe on this thing.
text: Maybe even a siren.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yeah, and a loudspeaker so you can
dialog: yell "Epidemic! Epidemic! You're all
dialog: going to die!"
scene_heading: EXT. FLOPHOUSE - DAY
text: The Department of Health van pulls up outside the flophouse
text: where the Chinese Preacher died. Peter and Josh get out.
text: COPS push back a few ONLOOKERS. Josh proudly flashes his DOH
dialog: badge.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Health Department...
text: The cops let them pass.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You really love flashing that thing,
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Hey. I'm a short guy. Waddaya want?
text: Two cops -- WOYCHEK and RICE -- approach, in no real hurry.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Peter Tyler, DOH. You gentlemen were
dialog: the first on the scene?
speaker_heading: WOYCHEK
dialog: (gestures to Rice)
dialog: We were both on patrol, saw this paint
dialog: mess. Then I looked through that cellar
dialog: window. We both did...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You gone in?
speaker_heading: WOYCHEK
dialog: No. We waited.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Good.
text: Peter peeks through a narrow cellar window on the floor.
text: Through the oily, smeared window, a ghostly array of PALE
text: FACE AND HANDS appears, startling him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to Josh)
dialog: Get the EMT's in there, now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: PARAMEDIC AMBULANCES rush in. Sirens at full blast.
text: Stepping out of the building across, Manny walks next to
text: Chuy, who holds his hand. The old man carries a box full of
dialog: shoes.
text: Chuy looks back at the cop circus, amused.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: C'mon Chuy, we're gonna be late.
dialog: (discreetly crossing himself)
dialog: Cops are bad news. Don't look at them.
text: He gently pulls his grandson's hand and moves briskly away.
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: uses an iron bar, and breaks a padlocked cellar door. A heavy
text: stench emanates from inside. The cops cover their noses.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR
text: Peter and Josh enter a dingy, dungeon-like cellar,
text: illuminated only by bug zappers and emergency lights. Every
text: door and window has been nailed shut or sports a heavy-duty
text: padlock. Peter and Josh walk through the dismal scene.
text: In sharp contrast with the dirt-smeared walls, we see shiny
text: metallic SEWING MACHINES and swatches of cloth appliqued with
text: a FUNNY BUNNY cartoon character.
text: Josh examines the label stitched into the collar. It reads:
text: PROUDLY MADE IN USA.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Jesus.
text: His light hits a group of quivering, skeletal CHINESE
text: IMMIGRANTS, standing in a tight group against a wall.
speaker_heading: WOYCHEK
dialog: (from the outside)
dialog: They look real sick, don't they?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL, MUSEUM - DUSK
text: Carrying boxes full of terrarium material, Susan and Siri
text: ride an antiquated cage-steel elevator. No floor buttons,
text: just an old-fashioned hand-activated lever.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: ...as long as they're ready for the
dialog: opening I don't care, just tell them
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: I'm on it. Don't worry.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Look, Susan...I don't mean to pry,
dialog: but... I kinda overheard you and
dialog: Peter.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (Smiles ironically)
dialog: Watch your step, Siri. Your grant
dialog: could be on the line here.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: I just...well, I had this cousin in
dialog: Delhi. She was having problems, too.
dialog: She, ah...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SIRI
text: She used a baster.
text: Susan looks at her.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: Not a big one. I mean, it was like a
dialog: turkey baster.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh, Jesus.
text: She tries to stop the elevator at the fourth floor, but
text: it rises just a little too far.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Come on, darlin'...
text: Susan has to jimmy the lever till the elevator falls
text: level to the floor.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: (continues)
dialog: She kept it under her bed. Thing is,
dialog: it kinda worked. I mean, she had to
dialog: hide it from her husband, but...
text: A pair of young boys, RICKY and DAVIS, sit on the floor
text: outside Susan's lab door. A crumpled paper bag and a shoe
text: box sit beside them.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: Oh, right... They been here since noon.
dialog: I told them you're real busy.
text: Susan smiles at the boys, who stand when they see her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: You the bug lady, right?
text: Siri chuckles.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I suppose so.
text: Ricky raises and shakes the paper bag.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: We're here to deal.
scene_heading: INT. MOUNTING ROOM - DUSK
text: SUNLIGHT slants in to illuminate an incredible array of live
text: and mounted dead INSECTS, trapped in turn-of-the-century
text: glass fronted cabinets. Davis puts his nose up against one,
dialog: fascinated.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Metaxonycha Godmani, Trigonopelastes
dialog: Delta. Field Butterflies. Have you been
dialog: upstate?
text: She examines the boys' findings, mostly rag-tag specimens
text: of battered butterflies.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Avenue B.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: I guess they got lost in this city.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: So, you wanna buy em?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
text: There's extra wings in the bag.
text: Siri lingers in the background.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You guys have done a nice job. How bout
dialog: five dollars?
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: (dismayed)
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (to Ricky)
dialog: Show her the weirdbug.
dialog: He indicates the shoebox-
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: Cost a dollar just to look.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: It's a great bug. We kinda broke it a
dialog: little...
text: Siri impatiently points at the wall clock-
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Fellas, I'll tell you what...ten dollars
dialog: for everything. Plus a killing jar, some
dialog: tweezers and mounts so the next bunch you
dialog: catch will be in better shape.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Deal!
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: You crazy! That's the best!!
speaker_heading: DAVIS
text: Bug's almost dead anyway.
text: Susan holds out two five dollar bills. The boys can't
text: resist. Davis grabs the money-
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Thanks, lady.
text: Ricky gives a last possessive look to the shoe box, then
text: follows Davis out.
text: Siri crosses to the window and wrestles to close it.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: Ten dollars?
text: Susan places all the kid's items -including the shoebox- in
text: a wastebasket.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Alphabet City kids- there's much worse
dialog: things they could be selling.
text: Siri hits the window frame with a paperweight, gets it half
dialog: way down.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: I hate this fucking window...
scene_heading: EXT. ACROSS STREET FROM MUSEUM - NIGHTFALL
text: CRANE TO a nearby alley.
text: A GAUNT MAN IN AN OVERCOAT stands in the shadows, looking up
text: at Siri working on the window.
text: As a streetlamp lights up, he backs up into the shadows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FLOPHOUSE. LOBBY - NIGHTFALL
text: Religious slogans and posters are hung everywhere in what
text: used to be the lobby of a men's hotel. A hand-lettered sign:
text: "NO LIQUOR, NO DRUGS, NO PROFANITY"
text: PARAMEDICS are leading a number of ill CHINESE IMMIGRANTS up
text: from the cellar door seen earlier. Many are brought out on
text: STRETCHERS. DOH staff put tags on their wrists.
text: Peter examines a PALE OLD MAN on a stretcher while
text: simultaneously talking to Josh.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to Josh)
dialog: There's plenty of systemic infection
dialog: already, so as soon as we get a
dialog: preliminary reading, start them on
dialog: anti-biotics. You saw this?
text: Peter flicks on his penlight, examines the Old Man's eyes.
text: One of them is completely bloodshot. Then he shows Josh
text: the gums. They're bleeding.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Internal hemorrage. 2 our of 5 have
dialog: it. No definite signs of TB, but we'll
dialog: quarantine them a week just to make sure.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Immigration's gonna love you for that.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Tell them to send flowers to the
dialog: usual address.
scene_heading: INT. SWEAT SHOP. BASEMENT
text: Peter pushes back a sheet hung across a doorway.
scene_heading: BASEMENT SHOWERS
text: A tiled nightmare. Concentration camp-cozy. A pile of old,
text: rusting sewing machines clutter the floor, spilling
text: oxide to a central grate.
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: Two shifts, people rotating from bed to
dialog: work. One toilet. We're in Wal-Mart
dialog: hell, here.
text: Josh swats a fly.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Did they get the sleazebag who owns this
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Triad, Chinese Mafia. They bring people
dialog: from Yunan. Slave labor...
dialog: (eyes his notebook)
dialog: Reverend Harry Wong, a preacher had the
text: flophouse fronting for them. No sign of
dialog: him.
text: An overhead door is opened. Daylight streams in. Peter spots
text: YANG, an Asian cop, talking to a CHINESE WOMAN lying on a
text: stretcher which hasn't been moved yet. She is hollow-eyed,
text: near death. Her hand weakly hangs on to the cop as if for
dialog: dear life.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Tell her she's going to be alright.
dialog: We'll take care of her.
text: Peter kneels next to her, looking at her and nodding while
text: Yang translates. The woman mutters again, tears of fear in
text: her eyes. Yang shakes his head.
speaker_heading: YANG
dialog: She's delirious. Keeps saying the "Dark
dialog: Angels" are coming for her. She says
dialog: they took some of her people away.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Dark Angels?
speaker_heading: YANG
dialog: (Shrugs.)
dialog: Probably a gang. Chinese people, man.
dialog: They come up with some wacky stuff.
text: They pull the stretcher out through the open overhead door
dialog: and into an
speaker_heading: ALLEY
text: The stretcher is rolled into a waiting vehicle, its lights
text: flashing. Unseen by them, on a brick wall, nearly buried by
text: graffiti, is a crude DRAWING.
text: It is of the same, odd figure Peter saw drawn earlier. The
scene_heading: OVERCOAT MAN.
scene_heading: INT. LAB - NIGHT - MONTAGE
text: Susan and Siri, both wearing Walkman headsets, deftly mount
text: BUTTERFLIES and other INSECTS onto display boards for the
text: exhibit. Rain is blowing in through the half-open window.
text: Their movements are precise and lyrical, the colors and
text: designs of the insects are beautiful.
dialog: We understand how you can get lost in this world. Susan
text: works steadily, a partially-eaten PAY-DAY BAR and the
text: wrappers of several others are evidence of her dinner.
text: A PAGER goes off in Susan's lab coat.
text: She takes off her headset; CLASSICAL MUSIC leaks from her
text: headphones.
text: On the PAGER's LCD screen the message reads: LATE
scene_heading: TONIGHT. PETE.
text: Susan puts the pager down. Goes to close the window.
text: There is a loud, angry BUZZING sound.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Siri?
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Siri?!
text: Siri pulls her headset off; HEAVY METAL MUSIC leaks from her
text: headphones.
text: The BUZZING sound again. We PAN across the various bugs and
dialog: mounting implements till we come to rest...
text: ...on the SHOEBOX the boys gave Susan. Something rattles
text: wildly inside.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: ...the fuck?
text: Susan crosses to the trash bin, picks the box out. It
text: vibrates on her hand, then becomes quiet, something moves
dialog: inside.
text: She slowly opens the lid.
text: The bottom of the box is littered with two inches of shredded
text: newspaper. Crumbs of bread and some rice-krispies can be
text: spotted here and there: a kid's idea of a comfy critter's
text: nest. She moves her free hand closer.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (To Siri)
dialog: Can you...?
text: Suddenly and INSECT big as her hand springs out of the
text: shredded paper nest and tries to grab on to her! Minute
text: pieces of paper fly through the air!!
text: Susan slaps the lid back down.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (a scared whisper)
dialog: Could you...help me...?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Siri comes over as Susan grabs steel tongs and a cork
text: dissecting board.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm gonna pull it out and I want you to
dialog: pin it down, okay?
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I have no idea. Are you ready?
text: Siri nods, pins in hand. Susan opens the lid and grabs the
text: nymph with the tongs. The creature goes berserk, flailing
text: its spindly limbs, BUZZING and CROAKING, a milky substance
text: FOAMING out of its body.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: Oh my God...
text: Susan deposits the insect onto the corkboard.
text: Siri tries to get a hold of it; but it twists out of the
text: tongs and wraps its coarse legs around her hand!! A spider
text: trapping a sparrow.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: Shit!! Get it! Get it!
text: SNAP! It bites her hand between index and forefinger.
text: Susan pins the insect into the corkboard. It spins furiously,
text: like a crazy LP record.
text: Susan gets a grip on it again with the tongs. Siri uses more
text: pins to secure it down.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (Noticing Siri's hand)
dialog: It bit you.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: No shit.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: leans to get a closer look at the NYMPH: Deep dark brown,
text: flat as a pancake, one rear leg broken, lower tail smashed.
text: It squirms helplessly now, looking pitiful under the harsh
text: overhead light.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: This wing configuration. I've
dialog: never...
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: (looking at her injury)
dialog: Fuck! It broke the skin...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: And they're not fully developed. This
dialog: thing's not even an adult.
text: The nymph continues to HISS and FOAM, struggling against the
text: steel pins. Susan looks closely at the insect's belly.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: My God.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: What?
text: Susan gestures to look. Siri stares down at
speaker_heading: THE NYMPH'S TORSO
text: where a SET OF VALVES on its underside click in and out.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (OS)
text: It's breathing.
speaker_heading: SIRI
text: shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: That's impossible. Insects don't...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I know.
dialog: (Picks up a SCALPEL)
dialog: Help me get a sample.
text: Susan touches her scalpel to the nymph's leg.
text: The nymph CLICKS nervously.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Hold on, big guy, hold on...
text: She traps the nymph down and CUTS THE LEG OFF.
text: A painful, agonized BUZZ echoes around the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MONITOR
text: Susan attaches the insect's leg to a samll holder. It is
text: frozen in a swirl of dry ice.
text: The brittle leg is then mounted in a LASER MICROTOME. Bit by
text: bit, the machine executes MICROSCOPIC WAFER CUTS. Siri is
text: making slides out of each section.
text: A series of MICROPHOTOGRAPHIC IMAGES flash onto the screen.
text: In the background we hear the high-pitched BUZZ-
text: We see the lights from the mounting room through a glass
text: brick wall.
scene_heading: INT. MOUNTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: We see the nymph slowly squirming in the FG, then RACK FOCUS
text: to the rain-spattered WINDOW.
text: Suddenly the OVERCOAT MAN is standing on the windowsill!
text: The window is lifted effortlesly from the outside.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: prepares a blue solution and places two drops on each smear
dialog: slide.
text: Reflected in the glass brick behind her we see the man moving
text: across the room.
scene_heading: THE OVERCOAT MAN
text: seen only through rippled glass and reflections, moves
text: through the lab.
text: His body STEAMS lightly from the rain. His movements are
text: quirky, spastic.
text: The man observes the imprisoned insects with curiosity.
text: He comes to the nymph, pinned and mutilated on the worktable.
text: The nymph CLICKS and CHITTERS excitedly, as if communicating
dialog: with the man.
text: He looks up at the worklight. It seems to bother him.
text: WHUMP!!! In a blur of motion, he SMASHES the light bulb.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: watches the smear slide. The blue droplets begin to CHANGE
text: COLOR once in contact with the leg section...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Hold on a second...
text: ...slowly turning a deep green.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: What?
text: Then, THREE LARGE BEETLES fly into the room.
text: Siri looks at Susan. Susan gets up, hesitant, signals for
dialog: Siri to stay.
text: We FOLLOW Susan into the mounting room.
speaker_heading: SUSAN'S POV
text: She walks in, barely able to see her hand in front of her
dialog: face.
text: The window facing the street is wide open, rain blowing in.
text: Something CRUNCHES under her feet. She bends down, looks.
text: She's stepped on the broken glass of the lightbulb.
text: The floor is alive with various INSECTS -- crawling, hopping,
text: flying away from their displays, which have been opened.
text: The nymph is gone from the board!
text: She looks under the work table the nymph was on.
text: We LOWER as we TRACK BACK with her. Something is folded up
text: in the corner of the ceiling behind her, camouflaged in the
text: shadows, clinging impossibly to the wall.
scene_heading: THE OVERCOAT MAN.
text: He lowers himself with silent grace.
text: Susan whirls.
text: WHOOSH! A GUST OF WIND! A FLUTTERING SHADOW OFF THE WINDOW!
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: SIRI (O.S.)
dialog: Susan?
text: Susan GASPS, startled. We SHIFT to see Siri at the door.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Call security.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FLOPHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The last DOH van takes off under the heavy rain.
text: Across the street, Chuy looks down from his apartment window.
scene_heading: INT. MANNY'S APARTMENT - SAME
text: Chuy sits at the window, twisting wire into a human-like
text: figure. MOVING past him, we see a group of other WIRE
text: FIGURES on the table, backs of chairs, lamps, everywhere.
text: Manny sits at the kitchen table. He IGNITES a can of shoe
text: polish with a match, then lights a cigarette off the flame.
text: He puts the cigarette in his mouth and proceeds to polish a
text: pair of shoes. A SILLY SHOW plays over the TV.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Not too little, not too much. You rub it
dialog: in, around and around like this. Let the
dialog: leather take it.
text: Manny leans tiredly against the table. He looks fatigued
text: and in pain. He takes a small pill and places it under
text: his tongue.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: You watching? You should learn to
dialog: work the shoes. You're good with your
dialog: hands...
text: Manny shoots a glance over to his grandson.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Chuy...you gonna get all wet.
text: Chuy doesn't pay attention, just stares out at the street.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Did you look at the story book I got you?
text: Manny lifts a brightly colored CHILDREN'S BOOK.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Our Animal Friends. Can you say that,
dialog: Chico? "Friends"?
dialog: Nothing from Chuy.
scene_heading: CHUY'S POV - STREET
text: The building across the street. Yellow DOH tape at the
dialog: entrance.
speaker_heading: MANNY (OS)
dialog: A friend is the one you can trust. When
dialog: you are with a friend, no matter where in
dialog: the world, you are at home.
text: A FIGURE moves out of the shadows and totters in the rain
text: toward the entrance. It is the OVERCOAT MAN, barely visible
text: in the rain.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: In this city. A friend is a hard thing to
dialog: find...
speaker_heading: CHUY
text: His face shows a bit of animation.
speaker_heading: CHUY
dialog: Funny Shoes...
text: Manny looks up from the book.
speaker_heading: CHUY
dialog: Alli. Mr. Funny Shoes.
text: Manny comes over, looks out.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: The figure has disappeared into the dark front of the
text: boarded-up building.
speaker_heading: MANNY AND CHUY
speaker_heading: MANNY
text: No one is there. Is empty.
text: Chuy doesn't respond. Manny turns the boy's face to his.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Chuy, listen to me. They have Jesus on
dialog: the cross, but that is not a holy place.
dialog: You understand?
text: Chuy looks at him blankly. Manny sighs; he knows he doesn't.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Ah, Nino. God only knows what goes on in
dialog: your head, eh?
text: He pats the boy on the head, then goes back to work. Chuy
text: turns back to stare at the street.
speaker_heading: CHUY
dialog: Mr. Funny Shoes...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE TYLER APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The D.O.H. Van pulls up in front of a modest Pre-war
text: building. Josh and Peter climb out.
text: Peter is reviewing a roster.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Josh, what was Immigration's
dialog: countdown?
text: Josh hands Peter a plastic bag with his sweat clothes
text: and running shoes.
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: Thirty-three workers.
text: Peter hands him the roster.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: There are thirty five listed in the
dialog: reverend Wong's roster...
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Shit.
text: Peter walks up the front steps.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Remember what that woman said, about
dialog: people being taken? Check with the
dialog: copsin the area.
scene_heading: INT. TYLER APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Peter enters the apartment, which has long since been
text: remodeled with a nicer couch and a bigger TV with slightly
dialog: better reception.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Sus?
text: No answer. He notices the dining room table is filled with
text: yellowed FILES, all marked JUDAS TRADITOR.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (Looks around once again)
dialog: Susan?
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM
text: Peter comes in to find Susan sitting in a chair before a
text: dryer, quietly watching laundry whirl within.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (Regarding the laundry.)
dialog: Thought it was my week for that.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (Shrugs.)
dialog: I needed to think. It was either this
dialog: or the weather channel.
text: Peter walks over, kisses her. He notices an open book of
text: INSECT MORPHOLOGY on her lap. There's a FULL COLOR
text: PHOTOGRAPH of an OOTHECA -- an insect eggcase.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM - LATER
text: Peter folds laundry into his/her piles. Susan paces.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: This thing was the size of my fist,
dialog: Peter!! That's off the charts!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Okay. So you lost a great specimen-
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don't you get it? It's more than
dialog: that.
text: Peter takes a bedsheet. Susan helps him fold it.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You know why insects don't grow larger?
dialog: Because they don't have a complex
dialog: respiratory system. What I saw did. It
dialog: had lungs.
text: Peter walks backward with his end of the sheet. The two
text: begin to fold it together.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Evolution doesn't work that fast.
dialog: Something pushed that thing to take the
dialog: leap. We need to find another specimen.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We?
text: As they fold the sheet, they move closer together.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I did a PH test on its tarsal pads.
text: The folding of the sheet has brought them almost face to
text: face. Susan finishes folding herself.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: There's only two species who match the
dialog: enzymes I found. One's a leaf-cutter ant
dialog: in the Amazon...
text: She has his full attention now.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: The other we released here two years ago.
scene_heading: EXT. ALPHABET CITY - AVENUE B - DAY
text: A TAXI CAB makes a U turn and cruises on.
scene_heading: INT. CAB
text: Susan ignores the yakking Armenian DRIVER as she scans
dialog: the buildings and empty lots-
speaker_heading: ARMENIAN DRIVER
dialog: Avenue B... again! Maybe you got
dialog: wrong letter, uh?
text: The cabbie looks up at a Manhattan street map glued over
text: his head on the roof of the cab.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Keep going. We'll tell you when to
dialog: stop...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Maybe they lied to you.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Even if they did... that's all we
dialog: have, isn't it?
text: The cab cruises past the tenement buildings, nondescript
text: stores, junked cars and rubble-strewn lots. It stops
text: before a traffic light.
text: A LEERING HOMELESS GUY with a greasy rag and greasier
text: cleaning solution approaches the windshield.
speaker_heading: ARMENIAN
dialog: No... Oh, shit. Get away, you Turk!
text: The Homeless guy begins wiping/smudging the windshield
text: with his dirty rag. The driver sends him away.
text: The light turns green. The Driver accelerates, turning
text: on the windshield wipers to expunge the smears left by
dialog: the guy.
text: Susan sees something.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Pull over!
speaker_heading: ARMENIAN DRIVER
dialog: What...?
text: Susan motions excitedly. The Driver pulls over. Susan
text: gets out.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE CAR
text: Susan rushes over, removes something from the windshield
dialog: wiper.
text: A BUTTERFLY, its wing pinned under the rubber flapper.
text: She holds it in her palm, then looks up at Peter.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Metaxonycha Godmani.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So?
text: Susan looks around. Just ahead is an empty LOT surrounded by
text: a wooden fence plastered with flyers for rock bands and
dialog: performance artists.
text: An identical BUTTERFLY perches on the edge of a board.
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY LOT
text: Susan and Peter walk through waist-high GRASS of a small
text: urban wilderness. Dozens of BUTTERFLIES flutter around them
text: from the weeds.
speaker_heading: RICKY (OS)
dialog: If you want your money back, forget it!
text: Peter and Susan look up. The voice comes from a RAMSHACKLE
text: CLUBHOUSE, built of wood scraps and cardboard.
speaker_heading: DAVIS (OS)
dialog: We already spent it!
text: Susan walks forward.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: We're here to deal.
text: Long beat. The door to the clubhouse swings open.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION - DAY
text: A BLUR of subway cars goes by with an ear-pulverizing SOUND.
text: At the end of the platform, Davis untwists a wire around the
text: busted lock of a locker room door. Peter paces nervously
dialog: nearby.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Here, let me...
text: He starts on it himself. Meanwhile, Ricky stares at a
text: PHOTOGRAPH Susan has given to him: a ribbed, tortoise-
text: brown colored EGGCASE.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You sure you didn't see one of these?
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: Gross. What is it?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: An "Ootheca". An eggcase. It probably had
dialog: more, uh "weirdbugs" inside.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: No way. I see one of those, I'd puke.
text: Davis opens the door with a CLICK.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY LOCKER ROOM
text: A dark, abandoned LOCKER ROOM once used for transit workers.
text: Susan and Peter walk in with the boys, nervous in the off-
dialog: limits area.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: It was in that corner over there.
text: Davis points to a bank of dented metal LOCKERS.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: Sucker was fast, man.
dialog: (Picks up a pipe.)
dialog: Had to take it out with one a these.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Okay, guys. We'll take it from here.
text: Peter hands Ricky some money. The boy looksdown at it
text: slyly.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: Make it ten an' we won't tell the cops
dialog: you're here.
text: Peter regards the little scam artist dryly.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Let's keep it at five and I won't
dialog: condemn your clubhouse.
text: Peter hands him a couple of dollars more. The two boys
dialog: take off.
text: Peter removes a PENLIGHT from his pocket.
text: Dust covers everything. A forest of COPPER TUBING and PIPES
text: where the sinks used to be.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: inspects the floor. It's littered with cheap objects:
text: chipped combs, used rubbers, soggy newspapers, smeared
text: heroin syringes.
text: Something shiny catches his eye. He picks it up.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Look, a broken tooth...
text: Something rustles nearby.
text: He notices an old, rotting poster on the back wall. It
text: seems ODDLY TEXTURED somehow. He walks toward it.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: kneeling, pushes aside a dented trash bin. Behind it, there
text: is a cabinet with rusty sliding doors.
text: A SUBWAY TRAIN RUMBLES by outside, the sound echoes off
text: the tile walls.
text: Susan forces the door back. She peeks through the opening.
text: Her face stares back at her from a dirty pocket mirror.
text: She starts pulling something out.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: at the oddly texture wall. He shines the penlight at it...
text: ...and is met with a FLUTTER OF WINGS. MOTHS, perfectly
text: camouflaged against the poster on the wall, whiz past him.
text: Peter recoils.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (OS)
dialog: You okay?
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: turns back to her locker. She withdraws a cheap PLASTIC
text: NECKLACE from it. As she removes it, it breaks. A coulpe of
text: beads fall away...
text: ...rolls under the locker...
dialog: ...and BOUNCE -- once, twice, thrice -- each time going
text: deeper till they comes to a stop.
text: Susan peers where the beads fell.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: There's something under here.
text: Peter comes over, kneels by her. Susan takes a handful of
text: beads and throws them at the base of the locker.
text: CAMERA TRACKS to follow one of them. It rolls all the way
dialog: under.
text: A moment later, from some interior space, the sound of it
text: BOUNCING on cement. He shines his light inside.
scene_heading: INT. HOLE - PETER'S HAND
text: Very dark. A highlight glints off a shell-like surface.
text: The light barely touches it.
text: THE WHOLE SURFACE BACKS AWAY.
text: Peter drops the penlight. It gets stuck in a jutting piece
dialog: of concrete.
speaker_heading: PETER
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Shit.
text: Peter tries to get his hand in
speaker_heading: DEEPER
text: But he cannot reach the light. It is literally inches from
dialog: his fingers...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Let me try. My hands are smaller.
text: She kneels and goes for it.
scene_heading: INT. HOLE - SUSAN'S HAND
text: Her hand reaches for the penlight.
text: She barely touches it. The penlight spins around. Its light
text: now illuminates...
text: THE FACE OF A MAN. Unseen by Susan. Terrifying in its doll-
text: like simplicity. In the darkness, its features seem
text: indiscernable, inert, almost frozen in a perfectly
dialog: symmetrical pattern.
text: It regards the spiderlike movement of Susan's fingers.
speaker_heading: SUSAN'S
text: face squinches with the effort.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Honey, just leave it.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No, there's...
scene_heading: INT. HOLE - SUSAN'S HAND
text: As Susan's hand moves closer, the strange Face begins to
speaker_heading: TREMBLE.
text: A CLICKING SOUND.
text: Susan's hand is almost there.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: reaches further.
text: And suddenly A BEAM OF LIGHT cuts through the darkness.
text: Their vision resolves. The figures of two MTA COPS stand
text: before them: ERNEST, 50, burly and bull-necked; and LEONARD
dialog: -- African American, 45, more formidable than fat.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: (Wearily)
dialog: Now don't tell me.
scene_heading: INT. HOLE
text: Susan's hand withdraws.
speaker_heading: LEONARD (OS)
dialog: You lost a token, right?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY PLATFORM - LATER
text: SHH-SHH-SHH. A felt rag is expertly being pulled across a
text: set of pristine black shoes.
text: REVEAL Leonard sitting like a king in a chair, getting his
text: shoes shined by Manny. He leans back laconically while
text: arguing with Peter. Ernest examines the ootheca picture.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Look, I showed you my badge...
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Yeah, and you gonna have to show me a lot
dialog: bigger one you wanna go down there.
dialog: That's the old maintenance grid, Doc.
dialog: Swiss cheese: tunnels, tracks...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: The Department of Public Health...
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: ...should know better'n to go sneakin'
dialog: around my turf...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Fine. You want me to call your
dialog: supervisor?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Please do. He's a lonely guy.
text: Uninterested, Leonard looks over to Susan and Chuy.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON SUSAN
text: She leans against the wall, inspects her dirty hand. Ernest
text: gives her his handkerchief.
speaker_heading: CHUY (OS)
dialog: Gucci. Flat pump.
text: She looks down at Chuy, who sits nearby, holding a PAIR OF
speaker_heading: SPOONS.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Your shoes.
text: She stares down at her shoes. Gucci flat pumps, all right.
text: Susan smiles.
text: Just then, a SUBWAY TRAIN pulls up. The doors open,
text: disgorging passengers. Chuy flips into action. He starts
text: playing his spoons, CLICKING them together, slapping them
text: against his knee.
text: Susan watches in wonder as the boy begins to use the spoons
text: to IMITATE the different rhythmical step patterns of the
text: VARIOUS COMMUTERS: The rolling, comical gait of A FAT MAN,
text: the lithe haughty step of A PRIM LADY.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (Laughs. To Chuy.)
dialog: That's wonderful! What grade are you in?
text: Chuy doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: No school. Shoes're all Chuy knows about.
text: Ernest discreetly points to his forehead.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: (immediately)
dialog: He's special.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: He can imitate anything, you just watch
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (Irritably, to Leonard)
dialog: Excuse me, I'm talking to you.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: No, you talkin' at me.
text: Leonard hands Manny a $5.00 bill for the shine, gets up and
text: walks past Peter as if he were invisible.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: (discreetly, to Susan)
dialog: Is there some reward for this?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I guess that could be arranged.
text: Ernest smiles, pockets the ootheca picture.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: For Chrissakes. You gonna lay a two-
dialog: bit bureaucratic, territorial number
dialog: on me?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: You wanna keep up the conversation, you
dialog: best come back with the proper permits
dialog: and the right attitude.
text: Leonard saunters away with Ernest in tow.
text: Peter shakes his head angrily. He takes Susan by the arm,
text: heads off in another direction.
text: Chuy, without watching, clicks his spoons to the imitation of
dialog: their steps.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STAIRS - DAY
text: Susan and Peter walk up the stairs; Peter still fumes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You give someone a fucking uniform
dialog: and... Did you hear how he talked to us?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I heard how you talked to him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh, so I'm the bad guy now?
text: Susan spares him an ironic look.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: He was just doing his job.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Fine, then I'm the bad guy. Jesus!
text: At the top of the stairs they're completely engulfed by
dialog: sunlight.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: He wants a permit, I'll get him a
dialog: permit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRACKS - DUSK
text: A train blurs by.
text: A FLASHLIGHT BEAM over dirty gravel. TILT with the beam to
text: see Ernest walking his beat past TRACKS and GIRDERS. Hulking
text: out-of-service SUBWAY CARS surround him. He shines his light
text: on the ootheca picture and then around him at the walls.
text: A SOUND catches his attention. A RUSTLING.
text: He notices something off to a corner, walks over to it.
text: A SHINY BROWN LUMP in the corner, covered in garbage.
text: He touches the lump with his shoe. It STIRS slightly.
text: He touches it again...
text: ...and a PAIR OF LEGS suddenly LASH OUT, kicking at him
text: reflexively.
text: Ernest jumps back.
text: Another SET OF LEGS emerges...
text: Oddly enough, Ernest relaxes.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Chrissakes...
text: He grabs the surface of the lump, and pulls it. We see that
text: it was just a SHINY BROWN TARP.
text: Underneath, a group of THREE HOMELESS PEOPLE -- emaciated,
text: toothless -- sleeping intertwined for warmth. In the dim
text: light, they almost seem like a single organism.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Guys, c'mon.
text: The Homeless People stare back at him mutely. Ernest starts
text: getting annoyed.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: I told you to stick by the maintenance
dialog: area.
speaker_heading: BAG LADY
dialog: Nah... It's private property now.
text: Ernest looks at her, confused.
speaker_heading: SKELETAL BUM
text: He eats down there.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN
dialog: The Stickman.
speaker_heading: BAG LADY
dialog: Long John.
text: The homeless man points. Ernest turns his light.
text: Another SILHOUETTE of the OVERCOAT MAN drawn on the wall. An
text: arrow below it points east.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Graffiti artist, uh?
dialog: (To Homeless People)
dialog: Look guys, just get off my beat, you
dialog: hear? Get moving.
text: Ernest hustles them out. The homeless people glare at him,
text: pick up their things and head into the gloom.
text: Ernest watches them go. He turns back to the graffiti
text: painting of The Stickman.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - LATER
text: Ernest walks deeper into the tunnels. Dusklight slants in
text: weakly from grates above.
text: He stops as a RUMBLE is heard ahead of him He ducks into a
text: recess in the wall. The RUMBLE grows LOUDER, LOUDER.
text: A SUBWAY TRAIN curves around the bend up ahead, its
text: HEADLIGHTS raking the opposite wall to reveal...
text: A FIGURE crouched over something.
text: We hear CHOMPING and SWALLOWING sounds.
speaker_heading: CU ERNEST
text: Squinting to see over his flashlight beam.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Hey, buddy!
text: No answer. Just the wet sounds of food getting chewed and
text: ingested. Ernest is revolted.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Get off my track...
text: The crouching figure lifts its head and looks around in a
text: unusually quick BLUR OF MOTION. It's the OVERCOAT MAN.
text: Another distant RUMBLE. Ernest's clothes flutter in the puff
text: of hot wind that signals an approaching train.
text: Ernest pulls a CAN OF MACE from his belt, begins to advance.
text: The Overcoat Man stands up.
text: Ernest stops in his tracks.
text: For he sees that the Overcoat Man is holding a large OBJECT
text: in his arms. Something wet and shiny with blood.
text: A dead dog.
text: The Overcoat Man drops the animal. It rolls slowly down his
dialog: chest...
text: ...and is briefly caught BY ANOTHER SET OF ARMS EXTENDING
text: FROM HIS TORSO.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Sweet Jesus...
text: The Overcoat Man lets the animal fall to the ground. He
text: begins walking toward Ernest.
text: Ernest backs away.
text: The Overcoat Man LEAPS on him just as the SUBWAY TRAIN ROARS
dialog: PAST!
text: CRACK! Ernest's body is twisted and crunched by powerful
dialog: arms.
text: Through the strobing windows we see Ernest enveloped by the
text: dark figure, then raised above, taken away.
speaker_heading: TRACK
text: The can of mace rolls next to the track as the TRAIN CLEARS.
text: The track is empty again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EXHIBITION HALL - BANNER
text: We PAN across the banner: 'ARCHITECTS OF NATURE'.
scene_heading: INT. EXHIBITION FLOOR
text: EXHIBITS under glass set up throughout the room: Insect
text: chambers and vaults of great complexity, etc.
text: An opening night CROWD of affluent MUSEUM PATRONS. All
text: tuxedoes and painted smiles. Some peremptorily peruse the
text: displays; most just camp out at the buffet table.
text: Peter enters, dressed in his worksuit. He scans the
text: room, sees Siri leaning against a wall by the buffet
text: table, drinking an orange juice. He goes over to her.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Heya.
dialog: (Kisses her on the cheek.)
dialog: Where's the boss?
text: Siri gestures to the far end of the room. Susan stands
text: alone, sipping a chardonnay by an ANT MOUND exhibit.
speaker_heading: SIRI
text: Ant mound.
text: Peter notices Siri seems unusually weary. She covers one
text: of her eyes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: It's just a headache. We were
text: sandblasting Trump Tower here since
dialog: four this morning.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Maybe you should sit...
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: I'm fine. Go talk to Susan. She could
dialog: use a good word right now.
text: She nods for him to go ahead. Peter leaves.
text: Siri closes her eyes. She rubs the bandage around the
text: insect bite on her hand.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: approaches Susan. She's staring through thr glass panes
text: of the exhibit at the crowd of patrons. In the
text: refraction, their black tuxedoes and evening gowns seem
dialog: to blend into one another.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Great crowd.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No such thing, baby.
text: She looks over at the crowd congregated around the
text: buffet table.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I get the feeling they came more for
dialog: the potroast than the apterids.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Fuck 'em. They don't know what
dialog: they're missing.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (Distantly)
dialog: Right.
text: Peter looks at her.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What's wrong?
text: Susan sighs.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh...nothing that a little
dialog: menopausal's pee daikiri couldn't
dialog: cure. Least that's what I thought.
text: Peter looks at her, notices that one of her hands is on
dialog: her stomach.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (genuinely moved)
dialog: Oh, no, you were-
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I was just late.
text: Susan nods. Peter takes her hand. They sit by the ant
dialog: mound.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Ironic, don't you think? These guys
dialog: can hatch hundreds of offspring in a
dialog: single clutch of eggs, right? And
dialog: here we are...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Susan, we're not b-
speaker_heading: SIRI (OS)
dialog: Susan?
text: Susan looks up to see Siri standing on the other side of
text: the glass case.
speaker_heading: SIRI
dialog: (Weakly.)
dialog: I'm sorry. I think...I need...
text: One of her eyes is completely bloodshot. Her mouth is
text: bleeding. She puts her hand on the case to steady
dialog: herself.
text: Her fingers leave a STREAK OF BLOOD on the glass.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Siri...
text: Siri collapses. The exhibit tips over.
text: Peter pulls Susan out of the way just as the exhibit
text: FALLS AND SMASHES TO THE GROUND!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Siri!
text: The room erupts into COMMOTION.
text: Susan and Peter run to Siri, who lies unconscious on the
dialog: floor.
text: Peter gently turns her over.
text: Siri's BLEEDING from the corner of her mouth. Just like
text: the Chinese workers in the sweatshop.
text: Tuxedoed people encircle her next to the insect mounds.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - NIGHT
text: An ambulance races down the avenue toward a distant
dialog: hospital.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - HALLWAY
text: Siri is rushed on a gurney toward the Emergency Room.
text: Peter and Susan walk next to it talking to DR. CHRIS
text: RAYMOND, a 35-year old ER physician.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: ...I think it's some kind of systemic
dialog: infection, Chris. I saw a few cases
text: like it yesterday. A sweatshop in
dialog: Canal.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (to Peter.)
dialog: Okay, look. You better come in with
dialog: me. Help me through.
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM
text: Raymond, Peter, and several other ER STAFF work on Siri,
text: now lying on an operating table.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (To Peter)
dialog: All hands on deck, Pete. Remember the
dialog: dril?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It'll come back to me.
text: RAYMOND inspects Siri's wounded hand. The bandage has
text: been removed. The bite-wound is infected and
text: suppurating. A large red circular RASH around it.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Looks like a Lyme disease rash.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: It's not consistent with the internal
dialog: bleeding. Any idea what bit her?
text: Peter shakes his head.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I think we're gonna need to have that
dialog: specimen here.
text: An ASSISTANT finishes inserting a catheter down her
dialog: throat.
text: Blood and fluid leak up through the clear tube.
text: ABOVE THE OPERATING THEATER.
text: Staring down through the circular glass deck, Susan
text: silently observes the procedures.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MANNY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Salmon-colored LIGHT slants in from sodium vapor streetlight.
text: PAN through the shadowy room, past Manny's sleeping form to
text: Chuy, asleep under a tent made of an old Star Wars blanket.
text: A RHYTHMICAL CLICKING SOUND is heard from outside.
text: Chuy pops his head out from under the blanket, listening.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE - NIGHT
text: Wearing only his pajama bottoms, Chuy steps out on the fire
text: escape with his spoons in hand.
text: The CLICKING RESUMES from the building across the street.
speaker_heading: OVERHEAD VIEW
text: The barefoot little boy crosses the street, steps through the
text: center of the huge PAINT STAIN on the sidewalk.
text: The CLICKING sound comes again.
speaker_heading: STREET LEVEL
text: The CLICKING comes again from inside the flophouse. It
text: continues a little bit, then stops.
text: Chuy CLICKS his spoons together, mimicking the sound.
text: Beat. A CLICKING from within again; almost an answer.
text: Chuy ducks under the yellow DOH tape, walks toward the front
text: of the building.
text: He comes to the boarded entrance. There is a hole, narrow,
text: and low in the doorway.
text: Chuy squats, begins to wriggle through it.
scene_heading: INT. FLOPHOUSE - LOBBY
text: Chuy steps into the lobby.
text: The CLICKING comes again, from further inside.
text: Chuy moves to find it.
speaker_heading: CHAPEL
text: Bits of STREETLIGHT slant in. Chuy walks slowly, listening.
text: He steps into the SHADOW of a LOOMING FIGURE. He turns...
scene_heading: CHUY'S POV - CRUCIFIX
text: We start on bleeding, nail-pierced feet, then TILT up the
text: twisted body to the face of Jesus, looking down.
speaker_heading: CHUY
text: stares without emotion at the plaster figure.
text: MOVEMENT to his side. He turns again.
text: A dimly-lit FIGURE stands before him.
text: Shapes fold and regroup in the darkness, resolving into the
text: tall figure of the OVERCOAT MAN.
text: The Man begins to emit the CLICKING NOISE from under his
text: chin, his whole head VIBRATING.
text: Chuy smiles. He has a beautiful smile.
speaker_heading: CHUY
dialog: Mr. Funny Shoes.
text: He plays his spoons, imitating the sound the figure made.
text: He is answered...but this time, it's from the other side of
text: the room. We PAN as he turns.
text: ANOTHER OVERCOAT MAN appears in the shadows.
text: Chuy GIGGLES, delighted.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - WAITING ROOM
dialog: Susan and Peter.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: ...you don't even know what you're
dialog: looking for.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You said that thing was big as your
dialog: hand. I don't think I'm going to
dialog: miss...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Why take the chance? Just let me go
dialog: down there with you...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No.
text: Susan glares at him. Peter sits down by her.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Susan, listen to me: you handled
dialog: that insect almost as much as Siri...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It didn't bite me.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I know. But if it was carrying
dialog: something...there's a chance you
dialog: could have been exposed.
text: Susan is silent.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Chris is going to run some blood
dialog: tests on you. I want you to stay here
dialog: till he's absolutely sure you're
dialog: clean. Okay? Then you'll call me...
dialog: You'll catch up with us...
text: Susan looks up at him. Finally, she nods.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We'll be all right, Sus. I promise.
text: He leans over, kisses her gently. But Susan seems
text: hardly reassured.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MANNY'S APARTMENT - PREDAWN
text: The blue hours before dawn. Laconic movement outside. New
text: York dragging itself out of bed.
text: We FIND Manny fixing some melted cheese sandwiches on a hot
text: plate. He addresses Chuy's tented bed behind him.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: My father saw me stay in bed, he'd go get
dialog: a pitcher. Cold water, whoosh, I tell you
dialog: that's some alarm clock, brrrrr!
text: Manny cuts the bread in four equal sections and arranges them
text: in a star-shaped pattern. A breakfast ritual of some kind.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Ah! There you go! The way you like 'em,
dialog: Chu-chu...
text: (He pours a glass of milk.)
dialog: We're low on milk, you remind Grampa to
dialog: pick some up tonight, okay?
text: He walks over to Chuy's tent bed. He pulls the sheets aside.
text: His grandson is gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SEWAGE FILTRATION PLANT - PREDAWN
text: Sewage water BUBBLES in huge tanks.
text: A WORKMAN walks down catwalks above the tank, disengaging the
text: larger pieces of debris from the filter areas with grappling
text: hooks. Shoes, tires, rags...
text: A GRINDING SOUND is heard. The Workman YELLS out to a
text: CONTROL BOOTH above.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN
dialog: Hold up! We gotta block on filter D.
text: SOUND of the pump coming to a halt.
text: The Workman walks to the filter area. He sinks his grappling
text: hook into the polluted waters.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER SHOT
text: Spooky, silent. The grappling hook moves like a scythe to the
dialog: filter...
text: ...past long, soft filaments of RAGGED TISSUE...
text: ...and connects with a LARGER FORM.
speaker_heading: ABOVE WATER
text: The Workman feels the grappling hook connecting. He gives a
text: YANK, hooking whatever it is.
text: He begins pulling it up.
text: A PALE FORM bubbles to the surface.
text: The Workman's face goes pale.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN
dialog: Oh, God...
text: A grating VOICE from the control booth is heard over the P.A.
scene_heading: CONTROL BOOTH
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: What's the problem?
text: It take the Workman a moment to speak.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN
dialog: I think it's a baby!
text: The Workman pulls the form (as if that will do any good)
text: toward the edge of the tank.
text: He bends down, and now gets his first good look at it.
text: The Workman SCREAMS.
text: His grappling hook falls from his hand, into the sewage.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - ICU WARD
text: Susan watches Siri from behind a pane of glass. Siri is
text: connected to a respirator, her vital signs monitored by
text: several machines.
text: Raymond approaches Susan, two cups of coffee in his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: How you feeling?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You tell me.
text: He smiles, gives her one of the cups.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Your blood tests were all negative.
dialog: You checked out.
text: Susan visibly relaxes. She looks back at the ICU ward.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What about Siri?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: She's stable. I don't think there's
dialog: any immediate danger, but we'll have
dialog: to keep her under observation...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You think it's some form of
dialog: Strickler's, don't you?
text: Beat. Raymond shrugs.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Pathology's still working on the
dialog: tissue samples. If it is...it must
dialog: be an errant strain. Shorter
dialog: incubation period.
dialog: (Beat.)
dialog: I'm sorry, Sue. We just don't know
dialog: yet.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - BATHROOM
text: At the sink, Susan runs water over her hands, her face,
text: trying to collect herself. She looks up in the mirror.
text: We see that her eyes are swollen, tear-stained.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - HALLWAY
text: She walks out of the ladies room, drying her face with a
dialog: paper towel.
text: SOUNDS of a nearby argument catch her attention.
speaker_heading: JEREMY (OS)
dialog: ...how many times I gotta tell you,
dialog: man: we can't accept this!
speaker_heading: EMT (OS)
dialog: Well, what the hell else am I suppose
dialog: to do with it?
text: Susan heads in the direction of the voices.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - HALLWAY NEAR MORGUE
text: An ORDERLY (JEREMY) argues with an EMT. Their point of
text: contention: a small FORM lying on a stretcher.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Take it out back and throw it in the
dialog: friggin' dumpster!
speaker_heading: EMT
dialog: Not unless somebody signs for it.
text: Susan walks toward them, catches sight of the tiny form.
text: Her eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh, my God.
text: Jeremy notices her.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Hey, you can't...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Jeremy...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Okay, Jeremy...go get Dr. Chris
dialog: Raymond, will you?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Lady...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Did you hear me? Get Dr. Raymond!
dialog: NOW!!
text: Jeremy hesitates. But if her tone wasn't enough, the
text: stare she gives him certainly is.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Okay.
text: Jeremy backs away, takes off down the hall.
text: Susan approaches the stretcher.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (To EMT)
dialog: Where'd you find it?
speaker_heading: EMT
text: Washed up at the filtration plant on
dialog: Bank street. Some asshole there
dialog: thought it was a baby. They called
dialog: us.
text: Susan bends over it. She covers her mouth and nose at
dialog: the stench.
speaker_heading: EMT
dialog: It's a lobster, right?
text: But it's not. What lies on the stretcher before them
text: looks more like a demon from a Brueghel painting.
text: A THREE FOOT INSECT. It's mephitic, pink-white body is
text: rotten, falling apart. The head's intact, with strange,
text: large jaws thrown wide open. The chitin on one is half
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY LOCKER ROOM
text: Josh deposits a backpack full of equipment on the floor,
text: along with a small acrylic cage. Peter trains his FLASHLIGHT
text: into the bank of lockers.
text: Leonard, weary and pissed, looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Better hurry it up, Doc. My shift's
text: almost over.
text: Josh hands him a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Guess someone requested you for
dialog: overtime...buddy.
text: Peter braces his legs and tries to push the whole bank of
text: lockers clear--the locker section tips and falls with an
text: ENORMOUS BANG, which echoes loudly off the tile walls. Dust
text: flies everywhere.
text: When the dust settles and flashlights are focussed on the
text: area of the wall where the lockers stood, we see a LARGE
speaker_heading: HOLE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
text: Using a steel probe, Susan examines the dead insect.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Posterior sternites are gone...half the
text: protonum rotted off.
text: Raymond lifts one of the wings. A CLUMP OF WHITE LARVAE
text: feasts on the flesh underneath.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Maggots...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Near hatching. Thing must've died about
dialog: three weeks ago.
text: Susan closes the mandibles and examines them.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Do you have a polaroid?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRACKS
text: Water DRIPPING from overhead, ECHOING footsteps- very
text: spooky. Leonard leads Peter and Josh down the tunnel-
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: You all watch your step. We got some
text: burrows goin' down seven stories
dialog: here. You fall, I don't wanna have to
dialog: come pick you up.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (Whisper to Peter)
dialog: New York's finest.
text: Monumental archways give way to naves as big as Notre Dame.
text: Josh flashes the ultra-violet light over an abandoned
text: underground encampment, made of cardboard walls, electrical
text: wiring, elaborate debris kitchens. The walls are completely
text: taken by layer after layer of hand carved initials and
dialog: messages. Everything from "Kilroy was here" to
text: elaborate quotations from the bible.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: There's really people living down here?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Mole people. This section was pretty
dialog: popular, all the way to Fulton Street...
text: Their flashlights shine in a haze of brown dust. The air is
dialog: heavy.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Substance abusers, mental cases... Then
dialog: about a year ago, Poof! All gone. Rumors
dialog: got started... Someone found a couple of
dialog: stiffs...
text: They work their way down a steep incline. They're covered in
dialog: sweat.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Down here's the land of talk, see? So the
text: wildest version goes the farthest. They
dialog: mark that area with a sign or a drawing,
dialog: and its as good as closed.
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: We had one fella... for years said he was
dialog: Bela Lugosi. Got him on Geraldo.
text: Peter's cellular rings. He picks up -big static-
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
speaker_heading: MORGUE
text: Susan's got the phone up on her shoulder, clamped against her
text: ear. Raymond's cranking out a bunch of Polaroids. Color shots
text: of the insect, from every angle.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It's me. Can you hear me?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (phone, barely audible)
dialog: Yeah, barely. We haven't found
dialog: anything down here. Nothing...
text: Jeremy goes to the fridge for a beer.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I have.
text: The fridge light plays over the large insects jaws. It makes
text: out a few new ridges and valleys. Raymond snaps a couple of
dialog: Polaroids.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm on my way. I've got something for you
dialog: to look at...
text: Susan notices something weird and undefinable about the
text: contours of the claws... But she can't put her finger on
dialog: it.
text: BACK AT THE TUNNEL
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We'll be back at the platform in...
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: 20 minutes. If you don't go sight-seeing
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (To phone.)
dialog: 20 minutes.
dialog: (Beat.)
dialog: Susan?
text: The call is lost. Peter tries to change frequencies, but it's
dialog: useless.
text: Peter replaces the phone in his pocket. He walks off.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Funny. Shoulda seen some track
text: bunnies by now.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Track bunnies. Rats. They're
dialog: usually around.
text: No one notices the OVERCOAT MAN carving on the wall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MANNY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: On Manny's dining room table, a heap of unpolished shoes has
text: accumulated. The radio is playing a sad, elegiac Tango.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: No, no, please understand... I can't
dialog: wait that long.
text: Looking disheveled and tired, Manny clutches the phone,
text: listening intently.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Please. I write it down.
dialog: (he writes)
dialog: 2... 8... 7... 3. What does this mean
dialog: "case number"? Okay. So, now what? When
dialog: can you...?
text: He holds a color snapshot of Chuy sitting on a mailbox.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: No, I can't wait...no, listen...
text: Click. Manny slowly hangs up. He stares at his notepad, at
dialog: the number 2873.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Hijos de puta.
text: He crumples it up, throws it away, crosses to the window,
text: picks up Chuy's last wire figure-
speaker_heading: FIGURE, CLOSER
text: Another human-looking figure, long and thin, but with
text: something slightly off about it.
dialog: It has six limbs instead of four!
speaker_heading: MANNY
text: frowns, looks down at the dark flophouse across the street.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Mr. Funny Shoes.
text: Distant thunder is heard.
scene_heading: BATHROOM CABINET
text: Manny takes a STRAIGHT RAZOR from the bathroom cabinet, opens
dialog: the blade.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY STATION - DAY
text: Susan arrives at the stairs leading down to the subway
text: station. A COUPLE passes her on their way up.
text: A sign over the entrance says "STATION WILL CLOSE FOR REPAIRS
text: AT 3 PM - TOKENS ONLY". Susan looks around- the area is semi-
text: deserted, a bit creepy.
text: She takes a deep breath, descends.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY - DAY
text: Susan pushes through the turnstile, enters the long corridors
text: of gleaming tile, a somewhat de-humanizing atmosphere,
text: straight out of a George Tooker painting.
text: Very creepy. Susan's footsteps ECHO in the empty tunnel.
text: She sneaks a nervous glance over her shoulder- nobody is
dialog: following her-
scene_heading: PLATFORM "A" DELANCEY
text: Susan observes the locker room door impatiently. A small crew
text: of REPAIRMEN are dismantling a row of fluorescent lights.
text: She sits and waits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DEEP IN TUNNEL
text: Peter, Josh and Leonard walk through a darker area. The
text: floor beneath them suddenly changes, becomes tile.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (Sniffing)
text: Smells like acid.
text: Peter stops, looks around.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Ammonia.
text: Josh walks to the right, where the smell seems to emanate
text: from. At last they come to
scene_heading: INT. VAULTED AREA - CONTINUOUS
text: Josh LIGHTS a flare, sets it on the ground, walks ahead. The
text: ominous RUMBLE of a subway is heard in the distance.
text: A cracked WATER MAIN above. Water dribbles to the ground.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Peter...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yeah...?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: There's some weird shit here.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Weird shit...?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Take a look.
text: Leonard shines his flashlight ahead.
text: Revealed, quite literally, is a world of shit.
text: LARGE FECES scattered everywhere: on the floor, hanging
text: sausage-like from the ceiling. One can almost taste the
text: stench of old ammonia.
text: Peter puts on a rubber glove, inspects one of the fecal
text: stalactites.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Fecal matter, unknown origin: weird
dialog: shit.
dialog: (Beat)
text: Whatever it is, it's not human.
text: Josh breaks off a sample, drops it in a jar with a hard
text: THUNK. Leonard turns away in distaste.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: And it needs some metamucil.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FLOPHOUSE - NIGHT
text: It's raining like hell. Manny approaches the abandoned
text: flophouse.
text: He peeks through the boarded-up front entrance. Right there,
text: on the dusty lobby floor, clearer than the larger
dialog: shoeprints...
text: ...he discovers a trail of tiny, barefoot prints.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Chuy...
text: He kicks experimentally at the planks, but they're far too
text: strong.
speaker_heading: ALLEY
text: Manny explores the opposite face of the building, looking for
dialog: a way in.
text: A DOG is BARKING incessantly. Manny turns.
text: Something moves in the shadows! Something long and thin,
text: haloed by the rain.
text: It moves again, the streetlight touching it for a fleeting
text: moment as it totters around to the rear of the building.
dialog: It's The Overcoat Man!
text: The man hurries past. Manny sprints after him.
speaker_heading: ALLEYS
text: Manny comes running around a pile of grocery crates.
text: There is the OVERCOAT MAN.
text: CARGO WORKERS mill around a group of vegetable trucks,
text: unloading produce.
text: The OVERCOAT MAN attracts no attention. Keeping his head
text: down, staying near the shadowed buildings. Jumping and
text: hopping, he skitters into an alley.
speaker_heading: FOLLOWING
text: Manny has to trot to keep up with the mysterious figure. He
text: pauses to take a pill and place it under his tongue.
text: Once it takes effect he moves on.
text: The OVERCOAT MAN has moved past a chainlink fence. How??
dialog: It's too high!!!
text: The old man squeezes through a jagged opening. The metal
text: fabric cuts his shirt.
text: On the other side: a dead end. Nowhere to go except
dialog: for...
speaker_heading: A SEWAGE GRATE
text: Manny lifts it.
speaker_heading: SEWAGE PIPE
text: Manny lands on his feet with considerable difficulty. He
text: flicks his lighter flame and opens the straight razor.
text: This pipe is carpeted with trash and a thick crust of dirt.
text: Something moves under a wet newspaper: a thick mass of long-
text: legged spiders dissolve onto the walls and floor.
text: Suddenly...the distant sound of spoons playing.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Chuy...
text: Manny pulls a rosary from his pocket, wraps it around
text: his wrist and crosses himself with the razor...
text: ...then begins to move down the pipe.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: PLATFORM "A" DELANCEY
text: Susan examines the Polaroids. She pulls out a payday bar.
text: The crew of repairmen are leaving.
speaker_heading: REPAIRMAN
dialog: Hey, Lady, all power will be down in
dialog: five minutes, okay?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Okay....
text: She munches on the bar. She stops: one snapshot has caught
text: her attention. The fridge light illuminated this photograph.
text: Susan turns it around... and around... Trying to find
text: something different in the lines.
text: A train roars by.
text: Then she notices it:
speaker_heading: THE POLAROID
text: The closed jaws. They look like A HUMAN FACE.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Gets up nervously and heads for the dor to the locker room.
text: A whole row of lamps goes off. The rest flickers in and
dialog: out.
text: Then we see, now standing on her platform: THE OVERCOAT MAN!!
text: He looks at her between a row of columns under the dead neon
dialog: lights.
text: Susan tries the locker room door. It's unlocked.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - SUSAN
text: carefully crosses the floor to the bank of lockers.
text: She kneels to examine the hole in the wall. She nears a
dialog: noise.
text: THE OVERCOAT MAN is moving toward her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Peter?
speaker_heading: OVERCOAT MAN
text: The man's face TIPS BACK...
text: ...raising the complex, glittering INSECT HEAD FROM BEHIND
scene_heading: ITS MASK-LIKE FRONT JAWS.
text: Its multi-parted MOUTH clicks OPEN.
dialog: Susan SCREAMS!
text: The thing charges, its "coat" opening to reveal...SIX
text: LEATHERY WINGS, fully extended! The wingspan blocks the
text: whole tunnel, they vibrate rapidly.
text: Susan tries to run, but the creature -- hereafter known
text: simply as "The Mimic" -- LEAPS ONTO HER CHEST!
text: She's dragged screaming into the hole.
text: Their silhouettes recede rapidly amidst a confusion of legs,
text: wings and pipes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VAULTED AREA
text: Peter and Josh put the fecal samples into the back-pack.
text: Leonard stands at the other end of the area. He inspects some
text: OLD SCAFFOLDING set up at an opening which leads to
text: THE REMAINS OF AN OLD STATION
text: fifteen feet below.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: I've never been this deep. This area
dialog: here is the Old Armory station. They
dialog: built it in the 40's. Ran out of money
text: half-way through...
text: It's like Grand Central's dead little brother. Tiled mosaic
text: walls, columns, monumental arches. Spaces for shops. A group
text: of abandoned turn-of-the-century subway cars on parallel
dialog: tracks.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Okay, the fat lady's singing. Time to go.
text: Everything is gray with dust.
speaker_heading: PETER (O.S.)
dialog: (To Josh)
dialog: I want a team in here by six tonight,
text: hands and knees with toothpicks...
text: Leonard squints down at the planks of the scaffolding.
text: A NYMPH -- big as the one seen earlier -- emerges from a pile
text: of nearby feces as if it were part of the mound.
text: Keeping his eyes fixed on the insect, Leonard coolly bends
text: down, picks up a ROCK.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: putting the last sample boxes into the back-pack, looks up
dialog: and sees
speaker_heading: LEONARD
text: step onto the scaffolding, raising the rock to crush the
dialog: nymph.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Don't!!
text: SMASH! Leonard tosses the rock at the insect, crushing it.
text: Peter rushes to the insect's corpse on the scaffolding.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Did you see the size of that thing?!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Look what you did! You stupid sonofa-
text: A CREAK from the scaffolding at their combined weight.
text: Leonard grabs Peter, tries to pull him from the scaffolding.
text: CREEEEAAAAAK!
text: THE ENTIRE SCAFFOLDING GIVES WAY!
text: Buckling diagonally...
dialog: ...taking Peter and Leonard with it...
text: CRASH! Both Peter and Leonard are thrown to the ground of
text: the station below. The scaffolding falls around them.
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: rushes forward.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Peter!
scene_heading: PETER AND LEONARD
text: stir in the wreckage. Peter rises shakily. He puts his
text: glasses on. One of the lenses is badly smashed.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It's okay. I'm all right.
text: He tries to help Leonard up; Leonard knocks his hand away.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Get the hell away from me!
text: Peter looks up at Josh.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (Deadpan)
dialog: He's all right, too.
text: Leonard brushes himself off, checks out his walkie-talkie.
text: It's been broken in the fall, a tangle of plastic and wires.
text: He curses under his breath.
text: Peter checks the wall for a handhold. But there's only
text: smooth tile and dust.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Oh, that's gonna work.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You got a better way up?
text: Leonard removes his badge, tosses it up to Josh.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: (To Josh.)
dialog: Show that to the station manager. Tell
dialog: him Leonard's gonna have his bubble-butt
dialog: he don't have someone down here in ten.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: H-how do I get...?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Way we came. Take the first tunnel to
dialog: your right...
text: Leonard's voice echoes off the cavernous walls. Josh
text: hurriedly writes it down in his notebook.
speaker_heading: LEONARD (OS)
dialog: Go left. Go left again till you hit the
dialog: fork... Then right again. You got that?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I think so. One right, two lefts...
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: And a right.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Go Josh. Now.
text: Josh obeys.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NICHE
text: We hear a persistent BEEPING...
text: A concrete ROOM filled with glimmering debris. Cans,
text: eyeglasses, fake teeth, chrome, foil, glass shards, broken
dialog: watches.
text: Susan lies unconscious, half-sunk in a mulch of decomposing
text: food, old newspapers, plastic garbage bags. An inch of brown
text: WATER burbles past her bloody head.
text: SOMETHING jostles her, rocking her back and forth.
text: Her eyelids slowly open.
text: A HUGE MIMIC IS PERCHED ON HER BODY!
text: Its WINGCASE is drooped around her like a shroud. The
text: creature furiously tears at her jacket, trying to get at
text: Susan's beeper.
text: The beeper spills from her pocket along with several Pay Day
text: bars. The Mimic CRUSHES the machine instantly, then chomps
text: up all the candy bars with a single move of its mandibles.
text: Susan watches in terror as the creature steps away.
text: A SOUND from an adjacent tunnel. Susan looks...
text: ...and sees ANOTHER MIMIC pulling the REMAINS OF A MAN into
dialog: the darkness.
text: Susan gropes around her in the soggy debris, looking for some
dialog: weapon.
speaker_heading: SUSAN'S HAND
text: Her fingers close around a three-foot piece of RUSTY PIPE.
text: Something dark drips on her hand.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: looks up. Above her, a badly decomposing HUMAN FOOT, or what
text: is left of it. All part of the excarnated corpse of the
text: Chinese Preacher. His gold cross shines boldly in the dark.
dialog: Susan GASPS.
speaker_heading: THE MIMIC
text: hears the sound. It immediately SKITTERS back to her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: jerks herself sideways...
text: AND STABS THE PIPE into the Mimic's thorax with a wet CRRK!
text: Susan heaves herself up, pushing the thing onto its back.
text: The Mimic BUZZES furiously, milky WHITE FOAM pumping from the
text: wound. Its legs slash the air as it tries to right itself.
text: Susan runs for the tunnels, debris falling from her clothing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: comes to a t-junction. He checks his notepad for the
dialog: appropriate direction.
text: He turns, heads left.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNELS
text: Susan staggers through a dark PASSAGEWAY. Water drizzles
text: into her grimy face. She looks up.
text: Rain leaks from an overhead grate three stories up. She can
text: see the SHOES of PEOPLE walking to and fro above.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: HELP!!!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET ABOVE - NIGHT
text: Life as usual on Delancey street.
text: Pedestrians crisscross the metal grate, hunched under their
text: umbrellas. Traffic noise, T.V. displays on street front
text: stores, boom boxes, car horns...
text: They drown out the tiny sound of Susan's voice...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: hears distant FEET SCURRYING toward her, punctuated by a
text: metallic CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!
speaker_heading: SIDE TUNNEL
text: CLANG! The metal pipe, still imbedded in the Mimic, BANGS
text: the wall as the insect moves down the dripping narrow tunnel.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: looks around frantically. She crosses to a METAL LID on the
text: floor, lifts it.
text: A HOLE is below, dropping off into darkness.
text: The Mimic's CLANGING grows louder.
text: Susan sits herself on the edge of the hole, grasping the
text: metal lid by handles on its underside.
text: The Mimic rushes into the chamber, speeding toward her...
text: Susan JUMPS into the hole, hanging onto the lid...
text: WHANG! The lid SLAMS SHUT over the hole a fraction of a
text: second before the creature reaches it.
text: The Mimic touches the lid with its antennae, confused.
scene_heading: INT. HOLE
text: The TICK-TICKING of the Mimic's antennae scanning the lid.
text: Susan hangs from the handles on the lid, her arms trembling.
text: Susan's strength gives out. She lets go, falls.
speaker_heading: PIPE GALLERY
text: Susan CRASHES onto a juncture between two large PIPES.
text: She MOANS in pain.
speaker_heading: CLOSER - SUSAN
text: secures her position, looks down. A seemingly bottomless pit
text: below, crisscrossed with a FOREST OF PIPES AND DUCTS.
text: The nearest pipe above her is well beyond reach.
text: She is trapped.
text: Then she hears the SOUND of the LID OPENING above. She holds
text: her breath.
text: A faint YELLOW LIGHT of a lighter flickers down at her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: WET SECTION
text: Josh cautiously enters a vaulted area. Old pipes have been
text: ripped from the walls. WATER gushes over the steel-plated
text: walls. He looks around- this doesn't seem familiar.
text: Josh freezes as he sees something behind a loose metal PLATE
text: on the wall.
text: He yanks at the plate- it gives a little bit. He yanks
text: harder- the plate falls down on one side, hanging
text: precariously from a loose bolt.
text: It reveals A HOLE PACKED WITH DOZENS AND DOZENS OF OOTHECAS.
text: He leans close to examine them- there is a NOISE in the
text: tunnel behind him-
scene_heading: JOSH'S POV - WATERFALL
text: A curtain of WATER falls over the side of a pipe onto the
text: floor. Behind it, something ENORMOUS crawls into view.
text: Multiple legs, antennae, an elongated body distorted by the
text: water and the light of a flare. It stops-
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: Holding his breath and tiptoeing sideways, never taking his
text: eyes off the thing, Josh begins to move away. He sees a
text: narrow OPENING in the wall- there seems to be dim LIGHT
text: coming from something beyond it. He tries to squeeze through
dialog: the opening-
speaker_heading: MIMIC
text: The creature is immobile behind the sheet of water, as if
text: mesmerized by its flow-
speaker_heading: PIT - JOSH
text: With tremendous effort, Josh passes through the opening.
text: He finds himself inside a bowl-shaped mud hole. Scattered
text: around him he sees FUNNY BUNNY PATCHES that were sewn in the
text: sweatshop. He trips on a half-buried SEWING MACHINE. He
dialog: looks up-
text: Above him is a grate. He's come to the SHOWER ROOM of the
dialog: sweatshop!
scene_heading: INT. SWEATSHOP SHOWER ROOM
text: Empty now, except for the rusting sewing machines in a
text: corner. We TILT to see Josh moving the grate away. He
text: jumps- no way he can grab onto the slippery tile-
dialog: HIS HANDS SLIDE!!
speaker_heading: PIT
text: Josh puts the old sewing machine upright.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: Suddenly, the bolt hinging the plate gives way and... the
text: steel plate hits the ground: KLANGG!!
speaker_heading: THE MIMIC
text: leaps into action!
speaker_heading: PIT - JOSH
text: hears the CLICKING, fairly close. He shines his light back
dialog: down the hole he entered through-
scene_heading: JOSH'S POV - THE MIMIC
text: moves past the waterfall and takes the wall at full speed.
speaker_heading: JOSH
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit!
text: He stands on top of the sewing machine, wobbling, reaches for
dialog: the floor above-
scene_heading: SWEATSHOP SHOWER ROOM
text: Josh's head and one shoulder are in through the hole. His
text: arms tremble. He makes a desperate lunge and manages to grab
text: the POWER CORD of one of the abandoned sewing machines.
speaker_heading: THE MIMIC
text: rushes through the opening without even slowing down.
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: pulls himself up, up- WHAM! The Mimic hits the lower part
text: of his body, BLOOD spraying up through the hole. He SCREAMS,
text: grasps the cord with both hands!
text: He is brutally YANKED down into the hole, the sewing machine
text: tipping, then dragged across the tiled floor till it wedges
dialog: violently in the hole!
text: We track over to reveal, one of Chuy's perfectly
text: executed WIRE SCULPTURES. Sitting atop another sewing
dialog: machine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. REMAINS OF THE SUBWAY STATION
text: A ring of FLARES burns in the darkness like an island. Peter
text: lights another one, revealing a space buried in layers of
text: dust and time.
text: Cracked MANNEQUIN FACES stares out from an unopened TAILOR
text: SHOP. A FLOWER PARLOR decorated with cobwebs. A yellowed
text: NEWSPAPER on the floor, its headlines reading: GERMAN TROOPS
text: DRIVEN BACK ACROSS RHINE.
text: Peter looks up to see Leonard approaching from the track.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Any luck?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Well...there's an old service elevator
dialog: half a mile down the tracks. Ain't gonna
dialog: be much use, though. Lines are dead.
text: Peter shines his flare up at a thick cord of cables which HUM
text: ominously with electricity.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You said those cables're still live.
dialog: Can't we rewire...?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Oh, man, there you go again.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Those things bring juice to the new
dialog: stations. You just can't rewire that
dialog: shit...
text: Peter approaches him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: For Chrissakes, what's the problem?
dialog: You need a memo every time you fart?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: All right, motherfucker, that's it.
text: He pushes Peter violently. Their eyes lock and meet.
text: Inches away from a fistfight.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Shh! Shh!
text: A SOUND rushing towards them, its echoes increasing by the
dialog: second.
dialog: Where is it coming from?
text: Peter looks at Leonard. Leonard unbuttons his holster clip,
text: places his hand on his .22
text: A SHADOW appears outside the archway.
text: It steps onto the platform.
text: Leonard frowns.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: (tentative)
dialog: Manny?!
text: The old man stumbles out of the darkness, out of breath. A
text: rusted crowbar in his hand.
text: Leonard walks over to him solicitously.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: My God, what the hell are you...?
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Hurry, the woman needs help!
text: A shadow crosses Peter's face.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Woman?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PIPE GALLERY
text: OUTSTRETCHED HANDS in the darkness.
text: REVEAL Peter leaning across the void with one hand while
text: Manny and Leonard grip his other.
text: Susan below, balancing precariously on the crisscrossing
text: pipes. A mess, but still alive. She reaches up to Peter.
dialog: It's too far.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (A whisper)
dialog: Don't.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Listen to me: we're getting you out.
text: Leonard and Manny pull Peter back into
scene_heading: INT. TUNNELS
text: Peter undoes his belt.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (To Manny and Leonard)
dialog: Give me your belts.
text: They obey. Peter buckles them together with his. He then
text: loops one end around a bannister, the other around his wrist.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
text: (to Manny, as he ties them
dialog: together)
dialog: What are you doing down here?
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Chuy. He was taken. He's down here
dialog: somewhere...
dialog: (to Peter)
dialog: Oh, please, hurry. I saw what was
dialog: after her.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What's...?
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Just hurry.
text: Peter takes his word for it. He uses the belts to lower
text: himself to the nearest pipe.
text: Leonard LIGHTS a flare to illuminate the pipe gallery.
text: Peter works his way down. The web of pipes seem to recede
dialog: into Hades.
text: The lifeline tightens.
text: Peter gets to the last solid footing, lies down on his
text: stomach and lets the belts down.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'm coming, Sus, I'm coming.
text: But then, he sees something move below her. Then a hollow
text: CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No, Jesus, no.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (To Leonard)
dialog: Toss the flare down!
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: I only got...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Just do it!
text: Leonard lets the flare drop from his hand.
text: It falls past them, ricocheting off the maze of pipes,
text: spinning down to the pitch-black below.
text: And for a split second the flame illuminates...
speaker_heading: THE MIMIC
text: pipe in its thorax, nimbly CLIMBING THE PIPES TOWARD SUSAN
text: CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!
speaker_heading: PETER'S
text: eyes grow huge.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh, Jesus...
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: just plain loses it.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: What the fuck is that?! What the fuck is
dialog: that?!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: knows all too well what's coming for her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (A desperate appeal)
dialog: Peter...
text: Throwing caution to the wind, Peter reaches the belt down.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Wrap it around your hand!
text: Susan at last gets a grip. Peter pulls with both arms.
text: CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! Getting closer.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Come on!
text: Susan struggles for footholds on the slippery pipes,
text: ascending foot by foot...
text: Peter pulls her into his arms.
text: CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!
text: Peter bends down.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Get on my shoulders!
text: Susan steps onto his shoulders. He pushes her up...
text: And Leonard and Manny yank her out.
text: CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!
text: Peter scrambles up, SLAMS the lid back on the hole.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Let's go!
text: The four of them run.
text: HOLD ON the lid.
text: WHAM! It bursts from the floor, rolls away like a coin.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED PLATFORM
text: The four humans run down the empty platform. Peter spares a
dialog: look back.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh, shit...
text: Far down the tunnel,
text: THE MIMIC HAS SPREAD ITS WINGS AND IS FLYING AFTER THEM!!
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: There!
text: He points to the open DOOR of an ancient SUBWAY CAR.
text: They sprint for the car, get to the door. Manny, Peter,
dialog: Leonard, then Susan...
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY REPAIR CAR
text: ...tumble inside a repair car crammed with shelves and empty
text: crates.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Get the goddam door!
text: Leonard and Peter both grab its handle, slide it shut...
text: SPLACK! The Mimic crashes into it!
text: KLANGGG! The door bulges out from the impact, almost
text: tearing itself off the hinges.
text: Susan jumps back. Manny runs to cover her.
text: The creature is caught, half in, half out, antennae and
text: forelegs waving wildly!
text: The abdomen CRASHES through a pane of glass.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Push it! Push it! Don't let up!
text: Leonard and Peter push harder, barely keeping it pinned.
text: THE UPPER HALF OF THE MIMIC TEARS ITSELF LOOSE.
text: WHITE BLOOD SPATTERS everywhere. The Mimic is NOW CUT IN
speaker_heading: HALF!
text: The wings flap wildly, the abdomen shatters the safety
text: window's outer panels.
text: But the FRONT SECTION IS STILL ALIVE. It scrabbles in,
text: spraying white blood...
text: ...drags itself up on the ceiling, then down onto the floor
text: and under a row of shelves in a half-circle around the car
text: till it finally comes to a halt.
text: Silence. The only sound is a SKITTERING outside.
text: Susan looks outside the window.
text: The Mimic's REAR HALF IS STILL TRYING TO PUSH THROUGH THE
text: DOOR, its feet blindly dragging along.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: What the fuck was that?
text: Peter says nothing. Leonard grabs him by the shirt.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: You better tell me what the hell's
dialog: going on here!
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Hey, hey!! Take it easy!!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to Leonard)
dialog: We don't know!! We don't know what it
dialog: is!
text: Leonard releases Peter and, cocking his gun moves closer
text: to the still thing.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Wait a minute-
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Fuck you, wait a minute. I'm
dialog: going to-
text: SNAP! The Mimic POUNCES on him, catching his leg in its
text: front mandibles.
text: A sickening CRUNCH as the Mimic's mouth begins to work the
text: leg like a grinder-blender.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: GET IT! GET IT OFF ME!
text: Peter and Manny try to pull the thing off as Leonard falls
text: and writhes on the floor.
text: BAM! BAM! BAM! The men flinch away as Leonard empties his
text: guns on it, until the thing's shell finally CRACKS!
text: But the thing is still locked onto Leonard's leg. Peter
text: tries to work it free from the creature's jaws. No good.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Its muscles are locked.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: (Hoarse)
dialog: Oh, Jesus!!
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Wait...
text: Manny removes a can of shoe polish from his coat, then starts
text: smearing the stuff onto the Mimic's head and jaws.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Oh, Jesus! It's hitting the bone man, get
dialog: it off!!
text: He lights a CIGARETTE LIGHTER, goes to touch the flame to the
text: flammable stuff.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (Stopping him.)
dialog: Hey hey hey...
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Is how we make loose the ticks back home.
text: Peter hesitates, but lets him go. Manny lights the polish.
text: WHOOSH...the Mimic's head is engulfed in a halo of flame. THE
text: LEGS LOOSEN THEIR GRIP.
text: Peter and Manny yank it free from Leonard, who's PASSED OUT
text: from the pain. His leg is torn and bloody.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY REPAIR CAR - LATER
text: We now see the car is 50's vintage. A POSTER of Mickey
text: Mantle above an empty worktable.
text: Peter sits before Susan. She's trembling, understandably
text: shaken from her previous experience. BLOOD pours from a CUT
text: on her forehead.
text: Peter takes a bit of torn cloth, puts it to the wound, then
text: tenderly raises her hand to keep the bandage in place.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Just keep holding it. Can you do that
dialog: for me?
dialog: (No reponse.)
dialog: Susan?
text: Susan nods silently. Her hand weakly presses the compress.
speaker_heading: MANNY (OS)
dialog: Doctor Tyler?
text: He turns to Manny, who sits solicitously next to Leonard.
text: His wound is wrapped with makeshift bandages. He begins to
dialog: stir.
text: Peter gets up, but Susan's hand is closed tightly around his,
text: like the jaws of the Mimic. He kisses her gently, then
text: slowly manages to release his hand.
text: He walks to Leonard, inspects his wound. Touches the sole of
text: his foot.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You feel anything?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Yeah, I feel like ripping your
dialog: fucking eyes out...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Leonard, listen. I need to see if
dialog: there's any nerve damage before we
dialog: carry you back.
dialog: (No response.)
dialog: Look, I'm trying to help you here...
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Oh, you helped me here, all right, white
dialog: boy. You and your goddam memo. You
dialog: needed to prove your point, uh?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'm sorry. But I don't think letting you
dialog: bleed to death is the best apology.
text: Peter touches his foot again. Leonard finally nods.
text: Manny gazes at the Mimic carcass at the end of the car.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Where the hell'd that thing come from?
text: Peter looks at Susan. She remains silent.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: A mistake.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: "Mistake"? What's that supposed to...?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It doesn't matter, all right? It's dead.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: How you know that? Shit, it was runnin'
text: around with its buttside gone and a
dialog: fucking pipe through its heart...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: It doesn't have a heart.
text: Peter looks up at her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Just inner chambers...
speaker_heading: MANNY
text: But it look like a man. It... I saw it.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No...
text: She gets up, finally moving.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: That's what it wanted you to see.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE CAR
text: The subway car sits at the end of the platform, windows dimly
text: glowing in the dark. The door opens, and Manny and Peter
text: snatch the lower half and wing pieces back into the car.
scene_heading: INSIDE CAR - A LITTLE LATER
text: The lower half of the insect has been moved into the car.
text: Susan is reassembling it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So, you're saying this is like those bugs
text: that -- that look like twigs or leaves
dialog: or...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: That's camouflage...
text: Susan displays the partly-charred head.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: This is mimicry. They evolve to mimic
dialog: their predators. A butterfly can look
text: like the eyes of an owl. A catterpillar
dialog: can copy a snake...
text: Susan closes the multiple mouth parts into a self-contained
text: bud shape, then pushes back the "face" mandibles.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: This has evolved to mimic the most
dialog: dangerous predator it's ever had...
text: She holds it in her hand, like Yorick's skull. The mimic's
text: head obscenely mirrors her own. She inserts it into the
text: shoulder cavity.
text: She stands back.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Us.
text: CAMERA cranes up and reveals that the thing now looks like
scene_heading: THE OVERCOAT MAN.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Mantids can mimic. We gave the Judas
dialog: that code...
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: (quotes)
dialog: "...and behold he will come that walks as
dialog: a man, yet is not a man- ..."
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: This, is our baby Peter. Yours and
dialog: mine. Aren't you proud?
scene_heading: OUTSIDE OF THE CAR - IN THE TUNNELS
text: We see four shadows move fast, scuttling on the walls and
dialog: ceiling...
text: ...heading towards the car...
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE CAR
text: A SUBWAY MAP on the wall. Red, blue, and orange lines
text: branching through the boroughs like veins.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: All these...they're like tunnels of an
dialog: insect colony. Once these things hit a
dialog: certain population density, they'll have
dialog: to move out, form new colonies.
text: The realization hits the others.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: We have to get help down here. Burn
dialog: the tunnels before...
text: She's interrupted by a CLICKING from the tunnel ahead.
text: It's answered by CLICKING from the tunnel behind.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Get the doors!
text: A brief glimpse down the car shows too many OTHER DOORS to
text: close in time.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Is there a switch?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
text: Third rail is dead.
dialog: (To Manny and Susan.)
dialog: Get me up. There must be a manual
text: override in the booth.
text: Manny and Susan help Leonard up.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (Whispering to Peter)
dialog: The lights!
text: Peter turns off the flashlights.
text: Susan and Manny help Leonard to the car's CONTROL BOOTH.
dialog: Peter looks
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: where the silhouette of a MIMIC moves to the rear of the car.
scene_heading: CONTROL BOOTH
text: Leonard opens a box on the side-wall marked MANUAL OVERRIDE.
text: Inside, there is a large, HEXAGONAL SHAPED HOLE.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: (Starts looking around)
dialog: Where's the damn crank?!
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: The Mimic is only yards away.
text: OTHER SHADOWS emerge from the distant dark.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: Manny leaves Leonard and Susan to look for the lever crank.
text: He runs to help Peter try and shut the doors manually.
text: But it's useless. Many of the doors won't budge.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (hissing a whisper)
dialog: They're coming!
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: The shadows get nearer, their CLICKING louder...
scene_heading: CONTROL BOOTH
text: Susan looks under the dashboard, finds a HEXAGONAL SHAPED
text: ROD. The lever crank.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I got it!
text: Susan gives it to Leonard. He JAMS the rod into the hexagonal
dialog: shaped hole. Perfect fit.
text: Leonard begins CRANKING the thing. But it's rusty and
dialog: slow...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Hurry! Please!
scene_heading: THROUGHOUT SUBWAY CAR
text: The doors begin to swing shut very slowly.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE - A MIMIC'S POV
text: sees the moving doors, starts heading for them.
scene_heading: CONTROL BOOTH
text: Leonard can't crank fast enough. Susan joins in, putting her
text: hands over Leonard's. Both spin the thing as fast as
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: SUBWAY CAR
text: Peter and Manny each pulling on a door, trying to speed up
text: the closing process.
text: SHADOWS are seen approaching, now very close.
scene_heading: CONTROL BOOTH
text: Leonard and Susan put all their effort into turning the crank
dialog: one more time...
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Come on, you son-of-a...
speaker_heading: SUBWAY CAR
text: A SOFT CLICK as the doors SHUT IN UNISON.
dialog: Silence.
text: All four are stock still, like a submarine crew awaiting the
text: blast of depth charges. Their eyes dart to the
speaker_heading: WINDOWS
text: caked with soot, irradiated by the distant glow of one of the
text: red flares.
text: THUCK! Something BUMPS against the door.
text: A machine-gun patter of FOOTSTEPS on the roof.
text: The car SHAKES.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: The dark platform is alive with phantom shapes.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: SCREEECH!! Something sharp is drawn along the car roof like a
text: nail over a chalkboard.
text: THUMP! THUMP! Impacts on the sides...
text: An obscene symphony of sounds as Mimics lay siege to the car.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: A BUZZ OF WINGS catches his attention. He turns. His face
text: is reflected in a security window.
text: CRACK! The window SPLINTERS, destroying Peter's reflection.
speaker_heading: ABOVE MANNY
text: Claws SCRATCH the ceiling. It begins to dent.
scene_heading: BELOW SUSAN AND LEONARD
text: Large forms CLICKING underneath, looking for a way in.
text: Susan stares at the floor, her eyes following the course of
dialog: the clicking...
text: ...which leads to Leonard's wounded, bloodstained leg.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh, God.
dialog: (Looks at Leonard.)
dialog: The blood...
text: KLANGGG! A Mimic leg PIERCES the ceiling above them!
text: Susan pulls Leonard out of the way just in time as
text: IN THE SUBWAY CAR
text: KLANG! KLANG! More legs break through the ceiling!
speaker_heading: SUSAN AND LEONARD
text: emerge from the control booth, Leonard's arm over Susan's
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: His blood! It's driving them crazy! We
dialog: have to mask the odor!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How?!
text: But there's not time enough to discuss possible solutions.
text: Leonard pulls off his jacket. Susan begins wrapping it around
text: his wound to mask it. Manny helps.
text: Peter has upended one shelf, jamming it against a broken
text: window as a barricade.
text: Despite their efforts, the Mimics are not thrown off the
dialog: scent.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It's no use! They know we're in here!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: They don't know anything Peter, they
dialog: just sense. They're hardwired!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Right. Hardwired to eat anything that's
dialog: not like them!
text: The whole car is now shaking and buckling.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Exac...
text: She looks over at the severed Mimic corpse nearby. A
dialog: realization...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (To Manny)
dialog: Give me your razor.
text: Manny looks at her blankly. Susan just takes the blade.
text: The whole car is now shaking and buckling.
text: She runs to the Mimic's carcass. For a moment, she
text: hesitates. But the pandemonium leaves her little choice.
text: She SLICES into the Mimic's corpse with the razor...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What are you doing?
text: ...sticks her arm in all the way to the elbow...
text: ...and pulls out two fat AMBER SACS the size of
text: softballs. She SLICES them open.
text: Orange GOO leaks out, its stench overpowering.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: (covers his nose)
dialog: Shit!
text: Peter looks up as Susan slides one of the sacs over to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Rub it on the windows!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What-
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Just do it!!
text: Holding his breath, against the stench, he smears the
text: crap on the windows, the doorframe...
speaker_heading: MANNY
text: looks to the roof, listening.
text: And remarkably, the SOUNDS of the Mimics START
speaker_heading: SUBSIDING.
text: Susan comes over to Leonard, begins dabbing the goop on
text: Leonard's wound. Leonard makes a face at the stink.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: What are you putting that crap on me
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Scent glands. Insects use 'em to
text: identify themselves to each other.
text: She smears the floor area behind Leonard. The activity winds
text: down gradually, and finally comes almost to a halt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SUBWAY CAR - LATER
text: Leaning against the dirtied window, Manny creates a streak
text: for every Mimic he sees.
text: Peter, Leonard and Susan are hard at work. Leonard has
text: created a small "model" of the station using pocket debris
text: and the wall map.
speaker_heading: LEONARD (O.S.)
dialog: Okay. That's us.
text: Manny's lighter represents the subway car.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: This track we're on? Goes down into
dialog: the repair area.
dialog: (Makes an "X" further down)
text: The elevator's over here. Leads up to
text: the active tunnels.
text: THUMP! An oily, soft abdomen brushes lazily up against
text: the glass. Manny moves away.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Can we get this car there?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Someone'd have to go to the
dialog: switchroom, pull the coupling lever,
dialog: that'll send us left and to the
dialog: elevator.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: But the power...
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Hell, I might be able to juice the whole
dialog: area, if I can get to the power box. It's
dialog: just a couple of cables...
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Oh, how you gonna get there, Leonard?
dialog: Hop?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (To Leonard)
dialog: Just talk me through it. I can go with
dialog: Manny.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: It would take a minute or so.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You won't last that long out there.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Peter, you couldn't even fix our TV!
text: Tense silence. He points at the glands on the floor.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We'll cover ourselves with this. They
dialog: can mimic us- we Goddam mimic them!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Peter-
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It worked before...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (an edge in her voice)
dialog: The scent won't last...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: That's why we should do it now.
text: Susan knows they have no other choice.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Susan is stuffing Leonard's old bloody bandages into the
text: thorax of the dead Mimic. She ties a flare to its center.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: It's just a regular old pump switch,
dialog: okay? Right by the track signal
dialog: board.
text: Manny is spreading the mucus-like liquid of the gland-sac on
text: himself and Peter as Leonard instructs them-
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: The lights come up, you pull the
dialog: switch.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: I pull.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: You don't do that, we're on the wrong
dialog: track.
dialog: (turns to Peter)
dialog: You...
text: The two men look into each other's eyes.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: You gonna finally get to fuck around
dialog: with the wires. Think you can
dialog: handle it?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Depends. You got a memo?
text: Leonard's hard feelings give way to an almost
text: imperceptible smile.
text: Using a ballpoint pen, he draws a schematic on the back
text: of Peter's hand.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: All right then. You gonna find two
text: wires. One's green. The other's
dialog: blue...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: approaches Manny, who looks distractedly out the window.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: He's out there. I heard him. How can
dialog: he be? This things...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Manny...
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: I didn't protect him, lady. He
dialog: trusted me. And I didn't protect
dialog: him... His father...I lost his father
dialog: to the streets and now, Chuy...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: We'll find him. We'll be back and
dialog: find him.
text: Manny doesn't respond.
dialog: READY TO GO
text: Susan dabs at Peter's face with the last touches of the
text: scent gland substance. She doesn't meet his eyes as she
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You're going to have to keep it
text: really slow. Their eyes react to
text: sudden movements.
text: Peter barely nods, his nerves clearly on edge. He
text: instinctively goes to wipe his forehead. Susan stops
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don't touch it. And for Godsakes,
dialog: try not to sweat. They can sense
dialog: chemical changes...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Try not to sweat?
text: Leonard turns to Susan and Peter.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Okay, people...
text: Leonard's voice comes through like a clarion.
speaker_heading: LEONARD (OS)
dialog: ...are we ready for this?
text: Susan has her hand on Peter's chest; Peter is taking deep
text: breaths, trying to cool down his body to prevent sweat. It's
text: an odd parody of Lamaze exercise.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Whatever you do, don't step on the
text: third rail coming back. Six hundred
dialog: volts'll blow your leg right off.
text: A final breath. He's about as calm as he's going to get.
text: He looks at Susan a long moment. He takes her hand.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I was just thinking how I could use a
dialog: pair of pliers... and I remembered where
dialog: they are...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: That's it. That's it. Breathe easy.
text: A sad, nervous smile appears on Peter's face.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: In the tool box under the kitchen
dialog: counter...
text: Susan kisses him softly on the lips.
text: Manny approaches. Show time.
text: Susan steps away from Peter. She looks toward the control
dialog: booth.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Open it.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
text: begins turning the lever crank slowly.
speaker_heading: SUBWAY DOORS
text: gradually begin to open, and stop half way.
text: The darkness outside is alive with CLICKING.
scene_heading: PETER AND MANNY
text: slowly move between the opening of the door and make their
dialog: way to
scene_heading: INT. PLATFORM
text: They step onto the dusty concrete. Come to a stop.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: watches nervously for the reaction of the Mimics
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: LARGE SHADOWS pass far and near of Peter and Manny; but none
text: of the Mimics seem to care about them one way or the other.
text: Peter and Manny exchange looks: a moment of relief. It's
dialog: working.
text: Peter slowly moves right along the track to the nearby POWER
text: BOX.
text: Manny goes left, starts to make a longer journey across the
text: platform to the SWITCH ROOM.
speaker_heading: SUBWAY CAR
text: Susan moves away from the door, goes over the Mimic carcass,
text: filled with the bloody bandages.
scene_heading: PLATFORM - BY THE TRACKS
text: Peter makes his way to the edge of the platform, whispering
dialog: to himself.
text: He lowers himself slowly to the track.
scene_heading: PLATFORM - NEAR THE SWITCHROOM
text: Manny moves toward the door. A large WINDOW OF DUSTY GLASS
text: reflects his image...and the distant ones of the Mimics.
text: BY THE TRACKS
text: Peter gets to the track. He turns
dialog: And is met FACE TO FACE WITH A MIMIC!
text: Its antennae move toward his head, curious.
text: Its human-mask face plate clicks apart and together.
text: Peter remains stock still. He starts breathing deeply...
speaker_heading: SUBWAY CAR
text: Leonard has now fully opened the doors.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: pulls the tipcase of the FLARE tied to the dead Mimic's
text: midsection. FSST! The flare SPARKS alive.
text: The sudden light draws the attention of several Mimics
dialog: outside.
text: Susan pushes the carcass toward an open door at the front of
dialog: the car...
text: ...and with a HEAVE, throws it onto the front track.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: The other Mimics take instant notice.
speaker_heading: BY PETER
text: The Mimic before him suddenly turns. In a flash of speed,
text: it's gone, heading toward
speaker_heading: THE DEAD MIMIC
text: stuffed with the bloody rage, the thing sends its fellow
text: into a feeding frenzy.
text: The other Mimics begin TEARING into it, ripping their brother
text: to shreds in cannibalistic orgy.
speaker_heading: SUBWAY CAR
text: Susan watches in disgust.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Choke on it, motherfuckers.
text: Leonard turns the lever crank again. The doors begin to
dialog: shut.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: breathes a sigh of relief.
text: He goes to the powerbox, opens it up.
text: He shines his flashlight down on the back of his hand.
text: The simple chart tells him what to wire: BLUE WIRES TO
scene_heading: THE GREEN WIRES.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Green...Blue...
text: He looks back up at the powerbox. His face falls.
text: All the wires are a GROSS BROWN, their colored plastic
text: casings having long ago faded into goo.
scene_heading: INT. SWITCHROOM
text: Manny enters. The space is even more dusty than the rest of
text: the station. Spiderwebs strung over old machinery. White
text: Doric PILLARS support the ceiling like skeletal bones. 1940s
text: style LAMPS are built into their side.
text: Manny looks around. Off to the right, right next to the
text: rusted track switch board, he heads for the COUPLING SWITCH.
text: Once there, he rests and, through the murky windows, he
text: waves back to LEONARD.
text: He pulls out his pills box and takes a pill. But his hands
text: are shaking, under enormous tension. Some of the pills
text: scatter on the floor. He puts the box away and leans
text: against the wall.
text: A CLICKING nearby catches his attention, echoing from the
text: entrance of ANOTHER ROOM.
text: It is not the sound of the Mimics; but rather, of METAL.
text: Spoons.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Chuy...?
text: Manny follows the sound.
scene_heading: BY THE TRACK
text: Peter desperately tries to connect the wires the right way.
text: He wipes off the brown gunk, tries to discern any semblance
dialog: of color.
text: He feels himself start to sweat. He tries to relax.
dialog: Breathes...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM BEHIND SWITCHROOM
text: The space is larger than the switchroom. The walls and
text: ceiling have an odd, shiny consistency.
text: Manny heads in further, locates the levers and waits.
text: Something pale and small emerges from the dark, a few feet
text: away, a face that seems to float in the eerie half-light.
text: A RUSTLING behind him. Manny turns around.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: Nino...
text: He swings the light onto Chuy, sitting on the floor before
text: the remains of a RUSTY COLUMN. That beautiful, emotionless
text: smile on his pale face.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Chuy...
scene_heading: BY THE POWERBOX
text: Peter has made all the necessary connections. He turns now
text: to the fuse-section.
text: A red throw-switch is there, and two big slots for fuses.
text: One is still occupied.
text: The other one empty.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Dammit!
scene_heading: CU - PETER'S FOREHEAD
text: BEADS OF SWEAT begin to form.
speaker_heading: SUBWAY CAR
text: Susan watches the Mimics at their feast.
text: All of a sudden, they begin to stop, as if losing interest.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (horrified)
text: The scent's fading...
text: Susan steps back, looks around desperately for a flashlight.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: (tense as hell)
dialog: What's Manny doing? I can't see him
dialog: anymore.
scene_heading: ROOM BEHIND SWITCHROOM
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Nino, please...
text: Manny slaps his knees with both hands in a parental gesture
dialog: of "come to me".
text: In the darkness, something that looks like a PALM FROND
text: floats gracefully down from the ceiling, making see-saw
text: gestures as it falls through the air.
text: Manny shines his flashlight on the floor. It's not a palm
dialog: frond.
dialog: It's a wing.
text: Manny turns his flashlight to the ceiling and walls.
text: The place IS COVERED WITH MIMICS. They are in the middle of
text: a vicious mating ritual. The males tear savagely at the
text: females wings as they proceed to mount them. A chaotic
text: clusterfuck.
text: Manny is sickened.
text: CHUY GIGGLES. Manny shines his light ahead. Manny's face
dialog: falls.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Dios mio...
text: The WHITE PILLAR BEHIND CHUY IS MOVING...
text: ...unfolding...
text: ...at last revealing...
dialog: AN ALBINO MIMIC! Another leap for evolution...
text: Its form is different from the other Mimics. Sleeker, more
text: supple, almost beautiful. And while its movements are still
text: not completely human, there is a kind of unearthly grace to
dialog: them that at the very least entrance us.
text: The thing raises itself to full height, dwarfing the tiny
text: boy. It stands over him like a king over his court fool.
text: Chuy giggles happily. It's all a game to him.
text: The Albino CLICKS in response -- a long, leisurely sound, as
text: if trying to communicate with the boy.
text: Chuy pulls his spoons out and begins to play them, making a
text: perfect imitation of the sound.
text: Manny starts to tremble as the creature gazes upon him with
text: huge, expressionless 'eyes'. He turns to Chuy-
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Chuy...
speaker_heading: CHUY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Friends.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: NO, NO, CHUY, NO...
speaker_heading: CHUY
dialog: Friends.
text: The Albino CLICKS his jaws, moving in toward Manny.
speaker_heading: CHUY
text: plays his SPOONS in perfect imitation.
speaker_heading: MANNY
text: stands under an archway in a swirl of dust. He raises his
text: arms, like a prophet. He lets go of hsi razor and kneels.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: God has closed his eyes. This, he cannot
dialog: see...
text: His vacant eyes, fill with tears, he prays quietly, a strange
text: serenity invades him.
text: The Albino's jaws open and charge.
speaker_heading: PLATFORM
text: Some Mimics advance toward Peter's direction.
speaker_heading: SUBWAY CAR
text: Susan desperately waves a flashlight and bangs the window,
text: trying to attract their attention.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Over here! Over here! Goddam you!!
text: BY THE TRACKS
text: Peter BREAKS the arm off one of his glasses. He jams it at
text: the empty fuse. It SPARKS.
speaker_heading: PLATFORM
text: THUMP! The electricity COMES ON...
text: The lamps on the columns BURST INTO FLAMES from the power
text: surge. Fire illuminates the station like a Greek temple.
text: BY THE TRACKS
text: Peter climbs up onto the tracks...
text: ...sweat staining his forehead...
text: Peter wipes it and removes the scent coating.
speaker_heading: THE MIMICS
text: clearly react, sensing the chemical change, like bees
text: reacting to honey.
speaker_heading: SUBWAY CAR
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (to Leonard)
text: THE DOOR! OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR!
speaker_heading: LEONARD
text: looks at the now lit control panels, tries to decide which
text: button to press. He begins to press each one in turn.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: hears the sound of spoons playing.
text: He turns to see Chuy, standing by the outside of the switch
text: room. The boy smiles. A flashlight shines behind him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Manny...
text: But the thing holding the flashlight is anything but human:
text: The ALBINO steps into view, moving eerily like an unstrung
text: puppet. His claws and jaws are coated in blood. Chuy joyfully
text: announces the arrival like a little drummer boy.
speaker_heading: THE MIMICS
text: climb over the roof, moving toward the rear of the-
scene_heading: SUBWAY CAR - CONTROL BOOTH
text: Susan runs in. SLAMS her hand down on a button.
speaker_heading: FSST!
scene_heading: THE SUBWAY CAR
text: The doors open.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Peter!!
text: Peter hesitates, takes a step toward Chuy.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Come on, kid...
text: Chuy seeks shelter behind the Albino's legs.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Jesus!
text: The albino charges toward him.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Run!! Peter!!
text: Peter bolts for the car.
speaker_heading: THE MIMICS
dialog: jump and land
speaker_heading: SUBWAY CAR
text: just as Peter squeezes through one of the doors.
text: BAM! THUD! The doors dent. Glass cracks.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (Yelling to Leonard)
dialog: GO!!
text: Susan presses the button. The doors close again.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: The kid...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: The kid's with them!!
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: What do you-?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Go!! Just go!!
scene_heading: CONTROL BOOTH
text: Leonard throws the dead man's switch by the control board.
speaker_heading: SUBWAY CAR
text: JOLTS into action.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: The train LURCHES forward.
text: Wheels spark and kick into gear. The mimics scramble and re-
text: assemble quickly, ready to attack.
speaker_heading: THE ALBINO
text: changes position and charges towards the car.
speaker_heading: THE MOVING CAR
text: reaches a "Y" section. The car moves to the track to the
dialog: right.
scene_heading: INSIDE SUBWAY CAR
text: Leonard's eyes go wide as he sees
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: He didn't do it!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Manny never threw the coupling switch!!
dialog: We're goin' the wrong way!!!
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE CAR
text: It keeps bearing right. Further away from their destination.
text: ...towards an old STORAGE YARD in their path. Idle cars and
text: repair equipment on the tracks.
text: A crash seems inevitable.
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE CAR
dialog: Leonard pulls
speaker_heading: THE BRAKES
dialog: but they don't work at all.
text: From below the car we see the wheels spinning freely,
text: heading for collision.
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE CAR
text: Susan grabs Leonard from the control booth. To Peter
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: MOVE BACK!!!
text: They rush back against the opposite door.
scene_heading: STORAGE YARD - SUBWAY CAR
text: CRAAASHH!! The car BASHES into a parked section of train in
text: a GRIN of tearing metal...
text: ...flips off the track...
dialog: ...and onto its side...
text: The car skids to a stop. SPARKS fill the air.
scene_heading: INSIDE SUBWAY CAR
text: All three are hurt. Leonard's leg wound has reopened. Peter
text: has badly damaged his right arm.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You all right?
text: Peter nods painfully. Susan to Leonard.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: (Simply, re: his leg)
dialog: Can't feel it.
text: Peter and Susan sling Leonard's arms over their shoulders.
text: They raise him up.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE SUBWAY CAR
text: They move unsteadily outside.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Which way?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Across both tracks!!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Shit.
text: They head off over a concrete island in the direction of the
dialog: correct track.
speaker_heading: FURTHER BACK
text: The Mimics and the Albino moving closer.
speaker_heading: PETER AND SUSAN
text: try to hurry, but it's no use given Leonard's condition.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: Lemme go.
text: Peter and Susan both disregard the order.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: We're no leaving you!
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: No way we can outrun 'em together.
dialog: Move it!
text: Leonard suddenly grabs his POLICE BATON from his belt
text: clip. He pushes the two away.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: NOW!! GO!! Get the hell off my beat!
text: Leonard turns away from them.
text: Peter goes to get Leonard, but Susan stops him. This MTA
text: officer is staying put.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Come on. Come to poppa.
text: Reluctantly, the two begin down the tunnel.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
text: takes a stand by the third rail, baton in hand.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - FURTHER DOWN
text: Peter and Susan run.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: There.
text: An open CAGE ELEVATOR on a platform nearby. A sign overhead:
scene_heading: AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY.
text: They rush toward it.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNELS - "Y" SECTION
text: Leonard stands like a guardian to the tunnel mouth.
text: SOUNDS of the Mimics approaching. He glances at the third
text: rail beside him, then down the track.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Come here, you mealy-mouthed...
text: The sound gets louder.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Multi-legged...
text: Leonard raises his baton in top MTA form.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Maggot-munchin' motherfu...
text: THUD! Several Mimcs slam onto Leonard!
text: Leonard goes down, HITTING them futilely with his baton.
text: They begin to tear at his limbs.
dialog: Leonard rolls...
text: ...kicks his good leg out...
text: ...and CONNECTS WITH THE THIRD RAIL.
text: AN ARC of ELECTRICITY lights up the darkness, consuming
dialog: Leonard and the Mimics.
scene_heading: INT. BY THE CAGE ELEVATOR
text: The crackling sound echoes through to Peter and Susan.
text: Susan hits the elevator button again.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I can't tell if it's working!
text: Peter has unbarred the gate.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: looks up, into the shaft.
speaker_heading: THE ELEVATOR
text: coming down, but it's taking its own sweet time.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh, come on, come on!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Jump in.
text: Peter pulls her into the shaft, closes the security gate
text: behind them.
scene_heading: INT. SHAFT
text: A skeletal framework on each side. Just enough for a
text: handhold.
text: Peter steadies Susan as she climbs in beside him. She
text: balances on the narrow ledge.
text: Peter SLAMS the cage door shut, latching it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You go first. I'll be right below you.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Your arm, you can't...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I can. We can do this...
text: He shows her the first hand and foothold. Susan grabs on.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL
text: The Albino amkes its way forward, flanked by two Mimics.
text: It stops.
text: Turns toward the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. SHAFT
text: Susan hauls herself up the framework, handhold by
text: handhold. Peter is right below her.
text: She can see his arms are starting to tremble dangerously
dialog: with the effort.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: We're gonna make it!
text: Peter grinds his teeth, trying to make the next
text: handhold.
text: WHAM! Something hits the gate below them!
scene_heading: INT. BY THE ELEVATOR GATE
text: The Mimics are tearing at the metal gate.
text: The Albino remains still, watching them work.
speaker_heading: PETER AND SUSAN
text: Susan's arm and legs are shaking now. Her breath starts
text: catching in her throat with the effort.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Don't hold your breath! Keep it going,
dialog: even flow!
text: Susan tried, but can't. She tries to pull herself up to the
dialog: next level.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: C'mon...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Ah...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Talk to me.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Peter...
text: Susan pulls herself up.
speaker_heading: SUSUAN
dialog: I'm really glad I'm not pregnant.
speaker_heading: REVERSE
text: We look down past them as they climb. Two of the Mimics and
dialog: the Albino have gotten into the shaft!
text: The Albino is so long it climbs by bracing its legs against
text: opposite walls.
speaker_heading: SUSAN AND PETER
text: Susan is crying, barely any strength left.
text: Peter does his best to stay in control, but in truth is
text: barely hanging on himself.
text: LIGHT hits them from the shaft above now, SOUNDS of PEOPLE
text: TALKING and a muffled P.A. ANNOUNCEMENT filter down.
speaker_heading: MIMICS
text: rushing upward on the shaft wall, higher, higher.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT
text: Peter's hands grab onto the grating of the gate on the next
dialog: floor.
text: KCHUNK! is heard above them. Peter looks up.
text: Now the elevator is coming down.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hang onto me.
text: Peter pulls Susan up till she can grab it too, both of them
text: able to get a foothold on the ledge-
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hang on tight!
text: He begins to KICK on the gate, trying to tear it free. Susan
text: looks back down.
speaker_heading: SUSAN'S POV - SHAFT
text: The Mimics rush up, closer, closer. The Albino opens its
text: mandibles.
speaker_heading: SUSAN AND PETER
text: both KICK at the gate, it gives, Peter pulls Susan through
dialog: to the
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRACK
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Come on!
text: Peter and Susan stumble away.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT
text: The Albino sees the elevator approaching from above.
text: It gives a few CLICKS to its minions.
text: The two other Mimics race up the shaft...
text: ...toward the elevator...
text: ...and WEDGE THEMSELVES IN ON EITHER SIDE!
text: They are CRUSHED instantly. But the elevator is stopped just
text: above the open gate.
text: With just enough room for the Albino to get through to
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRACKS
text: Susan and Peter run. There is LIGHT just up the tunnel. We
text: hear VOICES.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don't look back!
text: They go for it. At last, they make it to
scene_heading: INT. A PLATFORM
text: Susan and Peter stumble forward. Light streams down from
text: overheads. Susan turns.
speaker_heading: SUSAN'S POV
text: The Albino spills out onto the track behind them.
text: Sleek, streamlined, light glancing beautifully off it.
speaker_heading: SUSAN AND PETER
dialog: turn back...
text: HEADLIGHTS hit them as we hear the ROAR of a SUBWAY TRAIN
text: heading at them from the other side of the platform!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We can do it!
dialog: They run.
speaker_heading: ALBINO
text: runs, faster than any other Mimic.
speaker_heading: TRAIN
text: The express train BLOWS its HORN, RUSHING FORWARD.
scene_heading: PLATFORM - COMMUTERS
text: Weary late-night COMMUTERS stand half-asleep on the tracks.
text: A sleepy-eyed little girl points, tugging on her mother's
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Mommy, there's people...
speaker_heading: PETER AND SUSAN
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (Adrenaline pumping)
dialog: We-can-do-this!!!
speaker_heading: MOTORMAN
text: The driver sees the battered couple...
text: He reaches for the brake...
speaker_heading: SUSAN AND PETER
text: They reach the edge of the platform, the HORN deafening as
text: the train speeds toward them. Peter pushes Susan up, leaps-
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - CONDUCTOR
text: We RUSH toward his horrified face.
speaker_heading: THE ALBINO
text: directly ahead.
text: The train, still flying, PLOWS INTO IT...
text: ...flattening, grinding, pulverizing...
text: ...until the windshield of the subway car is covered in white
dialog: blood.
text: The motoran leans on the brake, his eyes screwed shut in
text: primal horror. The train SQUEALS to a stop...
scene_heading: ON THE PLATFORM
text: Susan and Peter collapse on the cement floor in each others
text: arms. Heaving and weeping.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION - NIGHT
text: COMMUTERS turn to stare as Peter and Susan move across
text: the floor. Both bruised and bloodied, leaning against
text: each other, heading for the exit.
text: Some DERELICTS observe them with curiosity.
text: A trio of MTA cops start towards them.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It'll be fine... it... They're still
dialog: down there. We'll seal the whole
dialog: system, go in with whatever it
dialog: takes...
text: But Peter's voice evidences a lack of conviction now,
text: he's trying to convince both Susan and himself of
text: something he doesn't fully believe.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It'll be fine... We nailed them
dialog: before, we'll do it again...
text: He hurries to meet the MTA cops. Susan looks up.
speaker_heading: SUSAN'S POV
text: Commuters move to and fro, moving up and down and in and
text: out of the illuminated areas of the station.
text: In the crush of onlookers is one deadpan face- a MIMIC,
text: hugging the shadows, waiting for its moment!
text: We PAN 180 degrees to the other side of the platform-
text: there, briefly glimpsed is ANOTHER, and ANOTHER.
text: We TILT down to the throng below.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: They've come up...
text: The electrified VOICE of the train ANNOUNCER suddenly
dialog: FADES UP, telling of departures and delays-
text: We raise above Susan's head-
speaker_heading: TRAIN ANNOUNCER
text: The 11:16 local to Poughkeepsie,
dialog: boarding now, Track 32- the 7:20
dialog: Connecticut local, making
dialog: connections to South Norwalk-
speaker_heading: DOWN ANGLE
text: -culminating in an OVERHEAD VIEW of the main terminal.
dialog: The movement continues. But from here, the people are
dialog: dots, their importanec no greater than that of a colony
dialog: of ants.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: LOS ANGELES, JUNE-19-96
dialog: 
