dialog: yy
scene_heading: AN UNTITLED SCREENPLAY
dialog: by
dialog: Costa-Gavras, Donald Steware
dialog: and John Nichols
dialog: Based on che book
dialog: oy Thomas Hauser
speaker_heading: FINAL DRAFT
dialog: February 5, 1981
text: This film is based on a crue story.
dialog: The incidents and facts are fully
dialog: documented. .
dialog: Some of the names have been changed
dialog: to protect the innocent.
text: The guilty are already procected.
scene_heading: EXT. A CITY STREET - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A weapons carrier straddles the center line of a road
text: in the outskirts of a large town. Lined behind the
text: APC, a dozen cars and trucks await permission to pass.
text: Several soldiers accompany a nervous OFFICER down along
text: the vehicles, checking IDs, Tummaging chrough trunks
text: and truck beds. The uniformed men are tensa, skittish,
text: heavily armed. On che sidewalks, other soldiers .
text: brusquely search pedestrians. An air of confusion aad
text: disotder casts an added menace and danger ever che
dialog: scene.
text: A blue Chevrolet sedan errives at the end of the line.
text: The DRIVER is a self-assured, middle-aged man. Next
text: to him, an attractive YOUNG WOMAN is turned sideways
text: so she can also see the rear-seat Passenger, 2 thin,
text: studious-looking YOUNG MAN. The Woman and Young Man
text: ave obytously on edge. But the Driver aces merely
text: annoyed by the inconvenience. Apprehensively, the
text: Young Man glances out his window.
text: The setting sum's flickering tays cast eerie reflec-
text: ‘tions of shadow and Light. .
text: 4& group of barefoot barrio urchins playing seccar on
text: a side street ara cblivicus to the turbulent situation.
text: The Young Man ts mesmerized by their energetic anrics.
text: Suddenly, an Army truck careens INTO VIEW and the kids
text: scatter, leaving che ball in mid-screec, umclaimad.
text: The truck hits the ball, which burses. and the NOISE,
text: LIKE a GUNSHOT, eriggers a moment of panic.
text: an overwhelmingly dangerous silance. The Officer waves
text: his revolver. The soldiers seek targets for cheir
text: weapons. Terrified of triggering suspicion, padestri-
dialog: ans don't knew whether co mm, fall to the ground, or
dialog: reeze...
text: A jittery soldier approaches che car and jabs his aR-
text: L6 through che open rear window, its muzzle just inches
text: from che Young Man's face. He seiifens, but holds his
text: composure. Without be asked, the Driver produces a
text: laminated I.D. card. Soldier ‘abs it, squints sus-
text: piciously, then beckons the Of: icer, who approaches
text: with self-righteous belligerence. He recognizes the
text: card at a giance, however, cakas it, returas it to che
text: Driver, salutes smartly.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Captain Davis, my bien... pase,
dialog: pase!
dialog: 2.
text: The Officer signals with his gun to pull our of line,
text: then walks ahead, ordering others cto let the Chevy
dialog: proceed,
text: To the right, in che mid-distance, the Young Man no-
text: tices a woman in flight. Through the tattered cloch
text: of her shradded slacks patches of white skin ace visi-
text: ble. As she runs, the woman clutches at the flapping
text: remnants, vainly trying to cover her bareness.
text: The Young Man checks the Woman and Davis, but they
text: haven't noticed her. The Officer salutes a final time,
text: and the car moves off. Ag the roadblock Tecedes, the
text: Young Man opens a battered spiral notebook, unclips a
text: pen, and begins writing. With Slightly perturbed in-
text: tensity, Davis studies the Young Man in the rearview
text: mirror, Davis glances at the mirror once more, chen
text: focuses back on the road.
scene_heading: CENTER OF THE CITY - DUSK
text: Streets are alive with prowl. Soldiers. Armored
text: vehicles RUMBLE by. A matte black HUEY GUNSHIP CRACK~
text: LES overhead. Occasional civilians, shoulders hunched
dialog: against imminene blows, hurry along aa if pursued by
text: The Chevrolet CRUNCHES over broken glass littering a
text: square. In the b.g., heavy bonfire sncke tises curbu-
dialog: lently. Soldiers are feeding the flames, but we can't
dialog: distinguish what they're using for fuel.
text: Davis glances at his watch, then turns to the Woman,
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Where do you Live, Tarzsy?
text: Alertly, the nervous Young Man interrupts sefore she
dialog: can answer.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: So 1 cam take you home. [t's
text: only thirty minutes until curfew.
text: Terry is startled, and begins co speak, buc the Young
text: Man jumps in once more.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Just drop us at che Hocel Carrera,
dialog: 3.
text: That's news to Terry. Davis checks the mirror again,
text: frowning slightly, then locks to the street,
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL CARRERA
text: The Chevrolet halts near the entrance. Across the
text: street, a tank is stationed in front of @ freshly
text: bullet-pocked government building. Descending, the
text: Young Man hurries to che driver's window. .
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Ceurtly)
dialog: for the ride.
text: 4nd he heads for the hotel without waiting for Terry.
text: From his briefcase, Davis removes 4 business card and
text: hands ic to her,
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Té Need an , feel free to
dialog: al. My home nuaee's on che back.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Thank you...
text: Op. her door, she gives a little shrug, trying to
text: atone for her friend's discourtesy. But Davis waves ic
text: off with an understanding smile. Just then, a TANK
text: PAST. Standing up outside che car, Terry watch-
text: es the tank as ic heads down the street. As a scuad
text: of surly, tough-locking soldiers in riot helmets and
text: crossed bandoliers marches past, Davis leans over,
text: closes the passenger door, and pulls away. Absorbed
text: by the soldiers, Terzy barely notices.
scene_heading: OY. HOTEL LOBBY
text: Bitterly apsec and Slustered, the Young Man exits a
text: phone beeth as Terzy approaches.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: The telephones aren't working here,
dialog: either!
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Charlie, why didn't you Let him
dialog: drive us home?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (YCUNG MAN)
dialog: And hand him where I live on a
dialog: platter? Come on. Lee's graba
dialog: 4,
text: As she starts to follow, 2 loud piercing SIREN SOUNDS
text: outside, signalling the starc of the =urfaw.
text: They stop -- and are immediately engélfed by civilians
text: streaming through the front entrance, looking relieved
dialog: to have made it inside in time. Many are journalists
text: and foreign TV crews, noisy, jocular gros at home with
text: the vagaries of war. They seem to be enjoying chem-
text: selves immensely.
text: Charlie and Tersy realize it's too late to reach their
text: destination. Charlie gestures dejectadly, one step
text: closer to tears of frustracion an aparehension.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: T blew ic. I'm am idiot!
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM IN THE HOTEL CARRERA - WIGHT 3
text: A shirt is draped over che lamp shade. Tersy sleaps
text: om one of two beds, The other is mussed buc empty.
text: Charlie stands ac the window, head pressed to the glass.
scene_heading: HIS POV - THE STREET 6
text: aczoss Che square, in a brilliancly lic villa surround-
text: ed by a large garden, a party is going on. Couples
text: lounge against wrought-iron balconies, others dance or
text: relax on couches, g and Laughing. Big shiny
text: gars are parked willy-nilly in the drive. Charlie is
text: fascinated by the unreality of che scene.
text: Aan army jeep moves slowly across the exnty square, fol-
text: lowed by four Sramsports bristling with helneted
text: troops. Several balcony couples applaud che convey,
text: A few dancers emerge and join in. Others look on in-
text: differently from their surreal haven of safety.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM 7
text: We hear a RUSTLE OF BEDCLOTHES as Terry sits up.
dialog: Are you okay?
text: He gnorts gloemily, and sectles into « chair by a small
dialog: esk.
speaker_heading: CHARL
dialog: Never fale bectar.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (deows ily)
dialog: Hey, come on -- don't dwell on it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I've been thinking abouc what
text: Ryan said. About the piles of
dialog: bodies. .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Hey, come on, Charlie, Beth's all
dialog: right. Nothing can happen to her.
text: Charlie smiles weakly, graceful for the little pep talk.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Lord, I hope so...
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Do me a favor, Lemme see you
dialog: smile... like for reals. .
text: Charlie Launches a sickly, strained, imication grin.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Ywuch. You look gruesome.
text: He actually misters a flicker of humerous sarcasm and
text: morose comedy as he makes a dispiziced V-sign:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Just call me Mr. Opeimistic...
text: Buc then their ayes meet, full of meual anxiety, and ~
text: the bluff collapses.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: God, I wish 1c was morning.
text: Then, picking up a pen, he opens his notebook.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Dees the light bug you?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Not at all.
text: She sectles back down and turns, facing the wall. From
text: the party villa, SOUNDS OF HARD ROCK seep through, rife
dialog: with rhythm and violence. -
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: De you think ie's smart... to keep
dialog: all those notes?
text: Instead of answering, Charlie begins to write:
dialog: "September 16 -- 3:10 a.m. Terry just asked if it's
dialog: smart to keep all these notes..." —
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE ACROSS FROM HOTEL - EARLY MORNING
text: A last car parks and the Villa is silent now, closed .
text: up, deserted. At the end of the empty driveway stands
text: a massive gate.
text: Outside the gate looking in, Charlie wonders if last
text: night's party was just a fantasy, Suddenly, three
text: SNARLING DOBERMANS tush the fence, leaping angrily
text: against the wire. Several feec behind Charlie, Terry
text: jumps back nervously. Though frightened, he holds his
text: ground, further ancagonizing the dogs.
text: Then a window opens and chr h it pokes a long gun
text: barrel aimed down at chen. one ns
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Look!
text: She turns to run away, but he grabs her arm.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don't run!
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLIZ'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Streec is fronted with drab, gray apartment buildings.
text: 4A cab pulls up before one of the few privace homes --
text: a_lar @, weatherbeaten structure set off by 4 rusting
dialog: om tance.
text: Charlie and Terry leave che cab. Anxiously, he unlocks
text: the gate, and they start across a sczufty lawn, Charlie
text: in the lead. Terzy follows him around the main house
text: and through a scorched garden. As Charlie approaches
text: fae house, a duck waddles out and he nearly trips over
dialog: t. :
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ocops, sorry, duck... Beth! Bech...
text: Then he and Terry stop. The house is absolutely quiec.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Jesus, what if...
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: She must be still asleep.
dialog: 7.
text: Charlie approaches the house. The frone door opens
text: and BETH, in jeans and work shirt, falls into his arms,
text: her face radiant with happiness at the sight of hin.
text: She holds him close, hard, with all her strength, as
dialog: though she wanted to melt into him. ‘Then Beth sudden-
text: ly pulls back.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Where have you been?
dialog: (blinks)
dialog: ta... in Vina.
dialog: ¥ d 3 &
dialog: ow said you were go ust for
dialog: the day. ins
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We couldn't gee back.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Way didn't you call?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: We wanted to surprise you.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: I've been going nuts!
speaker_heading: _ CHARLIE
dialog: There was nothing I could...
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Bech, we...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I thought something tersible had
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: They closed the roads. We got
dialog: crapped in Vina,
text: Charlie reaches cut to cake her in his arms, but she
dialog: backs off,
dialog: Tt didn't know Pe
dialog: t cou Ss were
dialog: dead or alive -- you ey
text: Charlie's voice is extraordinarily cender, like a per-
text: son allaying che fears of a child beset by scary dreams.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: CHARLIE .
dialog: It's okay. Everybody's safe.
dialog: (grins brightly)
dialog: I love you.
text: She starts to cry.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: T was so worried about you...
text: Charlie pulls her to him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You were worried?
text: She looks at him a moment -- then her anger and tears
text: begin to fade. She turns to Terry, smiling -- reach-
dialog: ing for her.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Oh, Terry...
text: Bech pulls her close and they all embrace -- dancing
text: around in a circle.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Oh, man... I'm so glad you guys
dialog: are okay!
text: They stop. She pulls back again... but this cime the
dialog: anger is mock,
speaker_heading: BETH .
dialog: You rata! Living it up at the
dialog: seaside -- and I'a locked up aere
dialog: with a duck!
text: All three laugh.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - DAY 10
text: The cluttered, cheerfully scruffy little place is bad-
dialog: ly in need of paint and repair. Rnick-kaacks, posters,
dialog: and other stuff speak of disorganized yet sincere com-
dialog: mitment, and youthful energy.
text: No partition divides kitchen area from living reoen,
text: where a large plywood desk is covered with stacked
text: papers, and a wide bookcase overZlows with paperbacks,
text: Rewspapers, pamphlets. Wall posters range from Che
text: Guevara and Unidad Popular, to the Beatles, and slogans
dialog: such as "Eat Oysters, Love Longer."
dialog: 9.
text: Terry has her suitcase open on the bed and is packing
text: her things. Beth helps her, :
speaker_heading: BETH :
dialog: The first I heard of the coup was
text: on the radio. Right after re
dialog: were bombings and explosions thac
dialog: went on for hours.
text: In the kitchen, Charlie checks the RADIO for « news
text: station. There is noching but MILITARY MUSIC. He
text: turns it OFF.
dialog: Beth had told him there was a day-and-night curfew
dialog: uneil just yesterday.
text: Charlie lights gas under a pot of water, and chen pre-
dialog: pares to make breakfast under the critical eye of the
text: duck perched on a counter.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay, folks. WXYZ in downtown
dialog: proudly Presents: French Chef
dialog: or
dialog: a Day!
dialog: the tootles a fan-
dialog: fare in his fist)
dialog: Featuring. oe
dialog: (french accent)
dialog: Charles Ore-mon, and his trained
speaker_heading: ardT
dialog: dack, Gasp
text: He bangs through one cupboard after another, and can
dialog: come up with only one can of cuma fish, half a Loaf of
text: bread, and a jar of olives.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, what have we got to nosh
dialog: around this here joine besides
dialog: cockroaches,
text: . BETH .
dialog: I'm sorzy. I've been afraid to
dialog: go out.
text: Charlie grabs che duck, which QUACKS indignancly,
speaker_heading: : CHARLIE
dialog: How about Long Island Duckling
text: stuffed with Peruvian tuna fish
dialog: and Spanish olives?
text: He leans over confidentially to the duck:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm just kidding, don'c worry.
dialog: 10.
text: Beth appears at the kitchen door.
speaker_heading: BETR
dialog: Don't you dare!
text: Charlie cuts off the spigot and drops the duck into
text: the sink full of wacer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Relax! I wouldn't dream of cooking
dialog: up the quacker. Instead...
text: And he's in his element now, playing a sort of ribald,
dialog: TV buffoon:
speaker_heading: IE .
dialog: ... we're gonna have tuna fish a
dialog: la aceituma... with a demi-tasse
dialog: each of Cafe a la...
text: He's cut off by a chilling BURST OF GUNFIRE only a few
text: blocks away. Charlie freezes, instantly sobered. Then
text: ANOTHER VO: is follawed by ANGRY SHOUTS. The Sumy
text: breakfast charade is cover.
text: Beth takes Charlie in her ers.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: It's been like that day and night,
dialog: especially at night.
text: She holds him tighter still.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ll was very scared.
dialog: (whispers into his
dialog: ear)
dialog: And I wanted you -- terribly.
text: Charlies blinks at her, not quite with che moment.
text: Terry comes close to them.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (co Terry)
dialog: Ryan said they were running search
dialog: and destroy missions.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ryan who?
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: A U.S. Army colonel stationed in
dialog: Vina.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: The woman next door said they're
dialog: busting hundreds of people every
dialog: day
text: The TEAPOT WHISTLES. Charlie goes back to the kitchen.
dialog: Ra b d teen a body?
dialog: ve ear om anybody?
dialog: What about Frank?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Nobody. I told you, I was afraid
dialog: to go out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I becter go over there this afternoon.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Let me. You take Terry to che
dialog: aizport. T want co gat our of
dialog: ere.
text: Another BURST OF GUNFIRE brings then all up short.
dialog: They wait in flinched attitudes for Something more
text: horrible. Ac length, 3ech speaks with deep, fright-
dialog: ened determination.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Charlie, I want to go home.
text: He neds -- all right. Then picks up his coffee cup
text: and clacks it againsc the cup she holds in her hand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: L' chain, .
text: Smiling hesitantly, she responds: theiz ritual.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: To lifa.
text: They embrace with full, urgent, relieved affection.
text: Eyes closed, lips against his throat, she whispers
dialog: gratefully:
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: T love you, Charlie Horman.
speaker_heading: TERRY -
dialog: Would you two Like me to take a
dialog: walk.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Later.
speaker_heading: iL
dialog: 12,
text: Beth gives him a playful punch in the gue.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Not too mich Later! .
text: Charlie turns serious again,
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Listen, we saw some very upsetting
dialog: things in Vina...
text: Beth's face lights up like a child be introduced to
text: a new game. lie takes out his notebook.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: Are you going to let me read ic,
dialog: or are you going to cell me?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Whichever you prefer.
text: They seam to be playing a familiar game.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You write better than you talk,
dialog: Horman, but I'm fond of your
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So I'll read ic to you... but
dialog: first we eat.
text: He pulls the book back, ouc of her teach.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD - pay il
text: Charlie, Beth and Terry approach a busy intersection.
text: Charlie carries Terry's suitcase.
text: Suddenly he halts. Beth and Tarsy stop, too, cumming
text: to follow his gaze.
text: Tn the b.g. a stream of military vehicles and patrols
text: canvass the avenues.
text: A squad of heavily-armed soldiers gSuards the intersec-
text: tion. Beyond them, about Cwenty people ara lined up
text: at a bus stop.
dialog: Waic. Beth, maybe you better go
dialog: back. yee y 8
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: No, I'll be all right. I-pramise.
text: Charlie is torn... and then grudgingly scarts up again.
text: A jeep inches by the bus stop, as though passing the
text: would-be travelers in review. As they resch the stop,
text: a collective taxi arrives and che driver calls out his
dialog: planned destinations.
speaker_heading: BETH .
dialog: ‘Avenue Picard,' I think I'1L
dialog: grab ic.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You sure it's worth the chance?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: i'm okay. ['Ll be back by four.
text: Leaning forward, she whispers something into his ear.
text: He kisses his index fingertip, poines ir at her nese,
dialog: and fires che love gum.
text: Beth hugs Terry.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Call our folks che minute you
dialog: atrive. Tell them we'll be hone
dialog: in a few days.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Iwill. You be careful.
text: Beth wedges inte che already overcrowded taxi. Sud-
text: denly, the cruising jeep backs up and slams co a halt.
text: Taree soldiers jump out and start cowards th Chare
text: lie and T. gird themselves: Beth seems saady to
text: hop our of the taxi, but Charlie makes a discreet sign
dialog: for her to stay put.
dialog: 
text: Shouting threats in Spanish, the soldiezs pounce on
text: two women and slash their slacks with icives.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What are they saying?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ‘From now om, women in this comery
dialog: wear dresses!'
text: The soldiers swagger back to their jeep, waving ac the
text: collective to move on. Charlie is momentarily para-
text: lyzed by the vielence. Then a bus pulls up, Terzy
text: nudges hig arm, and chey board ic.
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. THE BUS - DAY 12
text: Ags it turns right, Charlie and Terry see the body of a
text: young man sprawled in the road. .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Ok my God...
text: Other passengers give no indication they have all just
dialog: een a corpse.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (inevedulous)
dialog: That guy was dead.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I know...
text: Shocked by the other passengers' hardened faces, Char-
text: lia says with perturbed, unhappy awe: - .
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I've never seen a dead person
dialog: before...
scene_heading: EXT. A MAIN SQUARE DOWNTOWN - DAY 13
text: Bullet casings and broken glass everywhere. Soldiers
dialog: accost cara ena pedestrians at will, [s's obviously a
dialog: violent, very dangerous place to be right now.
text: A bus stops. Charlie and Terry debark and starz up
text: a si . Most pedestrians walk with eyes glued co
text: che ground, as though indifferent to the surroundings.
text: But soon hh we catch the rapid, furtive peeks they
text: steal, the quick evaluations of che “eneny.
text: Charlie and Terry wait for traffic co clear. A colo-.
text: nel's command car speeds past, KLAXON WAILING. Wich
text: growing despair Charlie watches the car. ie speaks
text: with bewildered, ourcragad sorrow over tha face that
text: his dream is going down in flames.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Look at this. When we firsc gec
dialog: here, it was the most hepeful
dialog: place on earth.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You got to be kidding.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm serious. It fale like a wanle
dialog: new kind of world was being bam...
dialog: 6
dialog: us.
text: Charlie looks both ways, then points:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: BraniZf's over there.
text: As they start toward che airline office, Charlie sees
text: a newspaper kiosk, stops, and gives Terry her bag.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wait asec. I want to get a Paper.
text: Charlie cakes his place in Line, back co Terry. In the
text: b.g. we see two soldiers arrive, motioning with their
text: rifles for her to pick up the bag and walk ahead of
dialog: chi
text: Charlie reaches the kiosk juse as the man in front pur-
text: chases the last paper. Groening, he turns and sees
text: T being marched off. His face contorcs anxiously.
text: Should he run after her... or shout for help? Instead,
text: he follows at a distance as they cros: the square, en-
text: tering a Large neighborhood laundry.
text: Charlie hesitatas, screwing his courage, then pur-
text: posefully strides straight for the laundey,
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. LAUNDRY - DAY 4
text: ‘The soldiers lead Terry to a fiercely stem OFFICER
text: seated behind a counter. The Officer peers over his
text: dark glasses -- firsc at Terry, then at he bag. He
text: motions for her to open us.
text: In the b.g., Charlie approaches che door. A soldier
text: bars the way. He starts explaining chat he's with the
dialog: woman inside,
text: impatiently, the Officar motions again, but Terry is
text: rigid with fear. So one of her captors presses his
dialog: witle mozzle to her lefe ear. Thug ur ed, Tersy scrug-
text: gles awkwardly to open che bag. The Officer inspects
text: its contents, chen removes her Passport, hamding it
text: to a soldier behind him, who begins checking ic againse
text: a mimeo list. The Officer then gestures for Terry to
text: finish unpacking. As she complies, Charlie is marched
dialog: up.
text: The Officer jabs a stiff finger through her belongings,
text: then gestures for her to sane The soldier hands
text: ‘her passport back to the Officer. He retums ic to
text: Terry. Tension lessens... a trifle.
text: Piles of laundry lie about.
dialog: 16.
text: In one corner, a sheet is draped over a human form.
text: Just above the body, around chest height, a half
text: dozen blood-ringed craters mar the wall. Terry's eyes
text: pivot from the corpse to the Officer.. He nods at the
dialog: suitcase.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Where are you going with that?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She's 2 tourist. Leaving che
dialog: country today.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
text: The airports are closed.
text: (then he dismisses
dialog: them curtly)
dialog: You may go.
text: Charlie grabs the beg and they split. Scunned by the
text: horror, Terry is drawn to look back. Bue with his
text: eyes Charlie warns her fiercely: Don't lock back!
scene_heading: INT. U.S. EMBASSY ADMINISTRATION OFFICE - DAY 15
text: The Large impersonal space is dominated by an "embassy-
dialog: sized" portrait of Richard Nixon, Looking quite fraz-
text: zled, lie and Terry pass an unattended reception
text: desk, head: for a switchboard OPERATOR, The yo
text: tan is muscular, craweut, clear-eyad and borad scif?.
text: Charlie tries to make his voice normal, friendly,
dialog: everyday.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Excuse me. Could we speak to Mrs.
dialog: Tipsen?
text: The Operaror plugs in a cord below a flashing light.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Nobody kere by thac name.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (struggling to be
dialog: polite)
dialog: Then could we speak with whoever's
dialog: in charge of helping American
dialog: cicizens leave the country?
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: That's not our job. You'll have
dialog: to talk wich someone at the
dialog: Consulate.
dialog: 17,
text: In the b.g. a WOMAN stands in an office doorway,
text: eavesdropping. She's fiftyish, professionally calm,
dialog: with seen-it-all eyes. .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: They told us the Consulate was
text: closed because of gunfire.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: That's news to me.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Do you know if --
speaker_heading: OPERATOR —
dialog: No, ma'am. [ certainly don'c.
dialog: Tc's lunchtime. Everybody's gone,
text: End of conversation. Charlie stares disbelievingly for
text: a beat, then cakes Terry's arm and stares away.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Yessir, folks. Here we are, right
dialog: in the heart of downtown Compassionland!
text: The Operator looks up and discovers the eavesdropping
text: Woman. He turns cowards Terry. .
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Lady!
text: They stop. Terry looks back,
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: . There's a Braniff office in the
dialog: text square over. They'll be che
dialog: first to get word when the borders
dialog: reopen,
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Three guesses who senc us over
dialog: here, :
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Don't get hostile, pal.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Hey, ‘pal’ -- we're Americans.
dialog: And this is supposed to be our g0-
dialog: called Embassy,
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: So send a calegram to the Presidenc.
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. EMBASSY STAIRWELL - DAY . 16
text: As Charlie and Terry descend coward the street, the
text: eavesdropping Woman catches up to them, falls into step.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Excuse me, My name is Kate Reese.
dialog: I'm a freelance reporter out of
dialog: New York. :
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (humorous, and
dialog: Ne commenc, We didn't insulc bin.
dialog: Te was just a friendly
dialog: misunderstanding.
speaker_heading: REESE (WOMAN)
dialog: T£ I were you, I'd go back there
dialog: after lunch... demand to see the
dialog: Ambassador, The Consulate's a mile
dialog: away, and che streets right now are
dialog: murder.
text: Charlie stops near the bottom of the stairs, and turns
dialog: to Reese:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ‘Miss Reese, cam I ask you a big
dialog: favor?
text: Though a trifle takan aback, she nods.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Would you lat me borrow chac .
dialog: newspaper?
scene_heading: EXT. AN OUTDOOR RESTAURANT - DAY 17
text: The cafe is packed with @ lunchtime crowd. Charlie,
text: Terry, and Reese ara at a streetside table, the tho-
text: roughiy-read Rewspapes crinkled before Charlie. Caught
text: in mid-conversation, they share an obvious vapport.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ... they told me in Vina that the
dialog: military here was executing
text: thousands of people.
text: ‘Reese's eyes flash over the TRearby tables. She locks
text: back to Charlie and her voice drops a few decibels.
dialog: (low)
dialog: When vere you in Vina?
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We just got back yesterday. And
dialog: you want to hear something funny?
dialog: Our hotel was crawling with American
dialog: officers.
dialog: T£t I'd j fi
dialog: were » I'd juse forger
dialog: about that
text: Charlie's not quite sure what "that" means.
text: Suddenly, a commotion. A table overturns, dishes
text: splinter. Two large men in cheap black suits struggle
dialog: th an elderly gentleman and his lady, They nanhandle
text: the man forward, steering him through the cables,
text: knocking customers and waiters aside. The woman fol-
text: lows, beseeching someone to intervene.
text: Without thinking, Charlie jumps up and hurries, ac an
text: angle between tables, to propel himself in front of
dialog: them. Not belligerancly, nor Like a here, but actu-
text: ally scared to death, he lifes one hand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, just a minute --
text: WEACK! The lead man delivers a forearm blow, knock-
text: ing Charlie off balance. He bumps against a chair,
text: and falls down in a sitting position, His attacker
text: moves to follow up, when che other MAN snaps:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Americano! Dejalo! Vamonos!
text: With a sneer, the First Man lunges back to the centle-
text: man, and resumes hustling hin off. Arc the curb, che
text: gorillas force their prisoner into a waiting sedan,
text: jump in atter hin, and start away. But the woman hurls
text: herself against a fender. So che car brakes, another
text: goon emerges, grabs her, and throws her inside. Then
text: they are gone.
text: Both Terry and Reese have rushed over. Other patrons
text: stare at him as he staggers up. .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Jesus -- are you all right?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: What in God's name made you do
dialog: that?
text: Charlie is literally gasping from fear, adrenalin,
text: shock. He is also almost crying.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know... They were creating
dialog: that old man so... so...
dialog: 20,
text: Charlie plops into his chair, flushed, and panicked
dialog: because he he just did 2 very stupid thing.
text: Reese checks the tables around chen.’
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (almost conspira-
dialog: torial.
dialog: Tf L were you, I'd forgee about
dialog: that, and abour Vina. Find a safe
dialog: place -- a hotel -~ with a lot of
text: people around. Jusc hole up until
dialog: you can get cut of here.
text: Charlie and Te: exchange significant glances. Then
text: he turns back tO Reese we who's talking’ away,
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey...
text: No acknowledgement. Reese keeps going,
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: So now wnat do we do?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (giggles nervousiy)
dialog: T duane... op back ten yards and
dialog: punt?
text: Then he thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Actually. she's right. You better
dialog: o to the hotel grab a room
dialog: or Beth and me, too. I'll go home
dialog: gad fetch her. We'll meet you back
dialog: ere.
text: Rising, he trias to ignore the staring patrons. They
text: exit onto the sidewalk before the cafe, where he hands
text: over the suitcase.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (he tries to be Light)
dialog: Go directly to the hotel. Do not
dialog: pass §0. De not collect two
dialog: undred dollars.
text: They kiss cheeks, and he departs.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Charlie...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Be extra careful.
dialog: 18
dialog: ug
dialog: 21.
dialog: (seilL t he
dialog: st te
dialog: be cheerval
dialog: Hey, don't worry. They can't
dialog: hurt us...
text: He snaps to attention, and adopts an LBJ accent that
text: comes off curiously touching because of the fright still
text: on his features. He's like a little kid trying to be
dialog: brave.
speaker_heading: : CHARLIE
dialog: ++» we've Amurricans.
scene_heading: INT, A HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY 18
text: The room reflects a strong masculine decor. A tearful
text: Pragnanc GIRL is huddled on the edge of a bed. Bech
text: sits beside her, one hand around her shoulder. Stand-
text: ing nearby is a tall beautiful YOUNG WOMAN.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Come om, Maria. You got to have
dialog: faith. He'll be okay,
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: You have to be strong. Think of
dialog: your baby...
speaker_heading: MARTA.
dialog: (despairingly)
dialog: Yo se@ que van a matarla.
dialog: (I know they are going to kill hin.)
speaker_heading: 3ETH
dialog: No, they won't. Noe Enrique. He --
text: At the name, Maria comes unglued, wailing in 3ech's
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: _ MARIA
dialog: Yo se que van a matarle!
text: The ocher Woman speaks to Bech in Spanish:
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: I'LL take care of her,
text: Beth backs out, terribly pained for the girl.
scene_heading: ‘EXT. THE HOUSE - TERRACE - Day 19
text: The stone terrace juts off the sida of a large, ornate
text: house. TWO YOUNG AMERICAN MEN are standing on the ter-
text: vTace. One is short, wich eyeglasses, a studious gaze.
dialog: 22,
text: The other is thin, blond, amiable. Emerging from the
text: “house, Beth crosses to then.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: How's she doing?
speaker_heading: BETH
text: Pia's trying to calm her dow,
dialog: What happened to Enrique, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What's happen: to everybody?
dialog: With iuce’ mayes he got into an
dialog: Embassy.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: -:. OF somebody accidentally blew
dialog: his brains our.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: David, what about Silvie?
speaker_heading: DAVID (THIN MAN)
dialog: He's okay. But Cleo ‘disappeared,'
text: That hurts, Beth exhales slowly:
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: All of a sudden, this city is like
dialog: a Free Fire Zone. They're aven
dialog: shooting People just for being
text: left-handed.
speaker_heading: th . BETH
dialog: @ you guys aren't going to
dialog: sod *azound auch longes, 8
text: Frank has been pacing. He plunks down tiredly in a
dialog: chaiz.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: T can't believe it. These last two
dialog: years have been the best years of
dialog: my life. And then all of a sudden...
text: He glances up, grief-stricken, almost tearful.
speaker_heading: . DAVID
dialog: The party's over,
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Te wasn't a party. fc was a real
dialog: effort to change this society,
text: After a brief, sorrowful qsiet, Beth speaks:
dialog: 20
dialog: 23,
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (checking her watch)
dialog: I'm sorry, but fe's late, 1
dialog: better splic.
speaker_heading: DAVID db
dialog: You sure you want to and beat
dialog: the curgen? =y
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ihave to. Charlie’s waiting.
dialog: e@ you'll call when we all
dialog: get back to the stares?
text: David gives her back a big squeeze.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: T'Ll use the phone booth on the
text: corner of West Broadway and Prince.
text: Then Beth goes to Frank, who rises, giving her a fare-
dialog: well embrace.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I'm sorry, Frank. I wish --
dialog: (sad , )
text: sad, poignant
dialog: In a week we’ tl all be playing
text: chess in Washington Square.
speaker_heading: BETR
dialog: Be careful, please.
text: We are CLOSEUP on Frank's extraordinarily hurt face as
text: he pats Bech teassuringly.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 4w, come on. Who'd want to hurt
dialog: a nice Italian boychik like me?
scene_heading: EXT. A TRAFFIC-SNARLED INTERSECTION - APPROACHING DUSK 20
text: Beth tries in vain to hail a taxi. Cab after cab goes
text: by -- some empty, some full -- but none willing to stop.
text: One finally brakes, however.
dialog: (quardediy)
dialog: edly’ .
dialog: Pa'onde va usted? ©
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Vicuna MeXenna. -
text: No deal. The taxi SCREECHES away. Beth checks her
text: watch, then glances across the street at a bus scop,
text: where anxious people are milling. She considers the
text: time again. Her from deepens as she crosses over and
dialog: joins che crowd.
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 24,
text: A packed bus comas INTO VIEW, but despite frantic ges-
text: tures from people at the stop, it zooms by.
text: Than yet another bus, overloaded with Passengers cling-
text: ing to the doors and windows, hurtles past.
text: People panic. Several rush away. Some begin to run.
text: Beth hesitaces, chen heads up the avenue, striding
text: quickly through lengthening shadows.
speaker_heading: AVENUE 21
text: Grateful for the relief, small knots of soldiers
text: stationed at each corner ogle Bech almost harmlessly
text: as she passes. -
text: She approaches a shopping district as the last stores
text: close. Many fawer people are on the streets. Normal
text: city sounds have vanished. Soon Beth's own footsteps
dialog: are all she’s aware of.
text: She steps off the curb, frantically asking an approach-
text: ing car to stop. Buc it swerves recklessly around her.
text: Back on the curd, Bech is seriously shaken.
text: 4 tree-lined boulevard looms. Several People scurry
text: across it toward shelter. Then, without warning, tha
text: sum sets and darkness seals the ciey. The raucous
text: OF A LOUDSPEAKER on an army truck rumbling down
text: the avenue announce the impending curfaw.
text: Beth freezes. an army car slows up directly across
text: the boulevard, somebody shouts am order. Rifles aim
text: in her direction. Bech whirls, diving into an open
text: doorway in the dark, dirty vestibule of 2 tanemant.
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE - NIGHT : 22
text: She peeks out as the army car departs. Then a Lighe
text: saps on overhead, a door cpens, 2 MAN speaks grutfly:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: The curfew... I... please...
text: Terror has damaged her Spanish, exaggerating the ac-
text: sent. The very tall Man wfolds bit-by-bic through
text: the doorway and stares at her.
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Get out! No foreigners here!
text: Beth retreats onto the street. ‘
scene_heading: EXT, STREET - NIGHT 23
text: Shouting a final oath, the Man slams the door. The .
text: boulevard is cotally deserted. Beth strikes out again,
text: hugging building walls.
scene_heading: EXT. BOULEVARD - NIGHT 24
text: Headlights, sweeping across a ring of shadow cast by
text: a army truck, illuminace two sprauled corpses. Beth
text: tums in the oppesita direction. Rouding 2 corner,
text: she draws up short, utterly amazed. A white horse is
text: galloping Che squard, chased by a jeep full
text: of soldtars G tracer bullets amd shouting happily
text: at the animal's panic. .
text: Bech ducks behind an outdoor staizcase as che jeep
text: jounces by. Then shewiles exhaustadly onto che pave-
text: ment and closes her eyes, huddling ep into herself,
text: knees cupping her chin -- shocked, fearful, cold.
scene_heading: EXT. BOULEVARD - LATER THAT NIGHT ‘ 25
text: Beth is jolred awake by sporadic GISFIRE -- some of
text: it near, some distance. Sictin up, she squints into
text: the clear nighc, straining to Listen -- and catches
text: stray words from a family conversation, snatches of
text: MUSIC. She is heartened briefly. Far across che
text: square, bonfire smoke and flames rail into che mid-
text: night sky. Beth focuses on the soldiers feeding the
text: flames. And abrupely realizes they are burning
text: books . She is appalled... chen tightly squeezes shut
dialog: er eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE - FIRST LIGHT 26
text: Dawn flickers into the unnaturally stilled city whose
text: streets are traversed only by packs of aimless, starv-
dialog: ing dogs.
text: With a sad curiosicy, a haizy mongrel sniffs at Bech.
text: She awakens, startlad, and the dog exces off.
text: A distant CLOCK STRIKES 6 a.m. Om the sixth stroke,
text: as though couched by a magic wand, the streets come
text: alive. “Beth staggers acti. fly ereet and linos across
dialog: the square.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLES' HOUSE ~ MORNING 27
text: 4 taxi discharges Beth. As she unlocks the front gate,
text: some’ catches her eye. Scooping, she picks up two
text: sheets of paper covered with Charlie's careful
text: Spencerian script. Then she finds a book... Eyes narrow-
text: ing, she hurries toward the house.
text: The front door is ajax. Beth pushes it open and stops.
scene_heading: INT, THE HOUSE - MORNING 28
text: A total shambles. Charlie's desk is upended. Books,
text: papers; knick-lmacks are strewn around. Cushions have
text: een ripped open -- cotton stuffing lies everywhere.
text: Drawers are dumped out, closec overtumed.
dialog: She cannot comprehend this savage ness.
text: Then 2 MAN speaks from behind her.
dialog: Excuse me...
text: Zombie-like, Bath pivors to face a tall somber gencleman.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Last night soldiers came bere
text: several cimes.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Where's my husband?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I do not kmow. Buc you must go
text: now. Before the soldiers recazn.
text: He departs through the garden. Beth epems her touch as
text: if to call him back, but pain and aseomishment have
dialog: vrenderad her speechlass.
text: Dazedly, limbs operating stiffly as in a bad dream, Beth
text: fan further into her house, and says his name fear-
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Charlie...?
text: On her way she plucks up a Polaroid suapshoc of Charlie
text: ‘balanced comically on ome foot cn a sea wall in fronc
text: of a beach. Looking up, she searches the room for
text: traces of his real sel‘,
text: Finally, in the bathroom, Bech settles gingerly onco che
text: edge of che toilac and calis back Chrowgh the ramshackle
text: dwelling in a passionata, terrified, wey fragile whisper:
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: : BETH
scene_heading: 29 INT, AN OFFICE - DAY 29
text: We axe CLOSEUP on a tired MAN'S face. Neatly, con-
text: servatively dressed, he's in his early fifties --
text: sharp grey eyes, thinning hair, weary frown. A SECOND
dialog: MAN speaking. -
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN (V.0.)
dialog: You've been in touch with our Embassy
dialog: down there?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Several times. I've talked with
dialog: a Mr. Shaffer.
text: Hy pink-faced, cherubic gentleman with angelic white
dialog: air: :
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: 4nd...?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: All they know is that my son is
text: ‘missing,’ Senator.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Have you been to State?
dialog: »
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: I've tried, sir, different pecple.
dialog: You'ra the first person whe would
dialog: see ma.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: I urge you to get to them, Mr.
dialog: Horman.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I'm trying.
text: SCENE WIDENS, revealing a large executive suite. The
text: SENATOR presides behind a long desk. Horman and a
text: WOMAN ASSISTANT sit opposite.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: How does your son earn a living?
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: (uncomfortable,
dialog: enxbartassad)
dialog: Frankly, I'm nec...
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: IT guess he's a writer. Or
dialog: anyway, he says he wants to be~
dialog: awriter ... and he’s been
dialog: travelling -- '
text: Horman repeats the reasons given by his son but it's
text: obvious he doesn't share then.
speaker_heading: HRORMAN
dialog: o- to discover the world, instead
dialog: of seeing it through the... the
dialog: ne
dialog: The Senator understands the problems of fathers and
text: does not push the point.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: The impcreant talag right acw {
dialog: ry ertant ec now is
dialog: to help him. -
text: tiene SOUNDS. The Senator lifts his eyes co a bliakiag
dialog: tt.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Woops... Looks Like a quorum call
text: on the floor.
text: Borman neds understandingly, and rises.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: I'll cable the Ambassador,
dialog: personally.
text: The Senator circles his dask and they start for che door
dialog: togecher, che assistants following.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Thank you, siz. My wife and I
dialog: ave very worried, as you can imagine.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Don't be worried, Mr. Horman.
dialog: They wouldn's dare harm an
dialog: American citizen.
text: He stops and turns to the Assistant.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Make up a list of ftiands on the
dialog: hill and inereduce Me. Herman to
dialog: them.
dialog: (to Horman)
dialog: Ambassadors are very sensitive about
dialog: their image in Washington.
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Nothing moves them more than 4
text: pouch full of cables from’ here.
text: Horman shakes his hand with gratitude.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - DAY 30
text: Borman stands at a window, waiting. A thin, bespecta-
text: cled YOUNG MAN hovers beside hin.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: We met him once in New York, at
dialog: the Third Church of Christian
dialog: Seience. But I doubt he'll
dialog: az.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Oh, you've a Christian Scientist,
dialog: too? And your son...?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Well, you know how young people
dialog: are...
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Of course. Would you excuse me?
text: He crosses the room, entering an office.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 31
text: Gazing out the window onto peaceful streets and lawns,
text: Horman is suddenly disturbed by unpleasant, guile-
text: ridden memories. The Young Man reappears beside an
text: older MAN, who steps up to Horman: they shake hands.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: t chink we've mac before, haven'c
dialog: we? .
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Yes, we did, Congressman.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN
dialog: Weuld you mind if we talked while
dialog: walking?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Not at all, Congressman.
text: They start our of the waiting room.
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: 32 INT. A HALLWAY IN THE CONGRESSIONAL OFFICE BUILDING - 32
dialog: Day
text: Horman and the Congressman stride down the hall, fol-
text: lowed by the Young Man and a YOUNG WOMAN.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
text: They chink he's hiding.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Political reasons.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: They think he'll surface soon as
text: things calm down.
text: Halting at 2 meeting room door, the Congressman faces
text: Horman guardedly.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN
dialog: What are his policics?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Liberal, I suppose.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN
dialog: Liberal, or radical?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Sit, my son is too wishy-washy to
dialog: be a radical.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN
dialog: You're sure?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (miffed)
dialog: What differance does it make?
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN
dialog: It doesn't... of course. You said
dialog: Percy and Abzug are sending cables?
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: They promised to. So did Javits,
dialog: Magnuson -- Koch, Abzug and Xam,
dialog: too.
text: The Congressman nods his head.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Are you sending one?
dialog: 33
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN
dialog: I'm certainly going to consider it.
text: With his assistants, he steps through the door.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN
dialog: Good luck. And God bless!
text: Rorman is left alone in an empty hallway distinguished
text: by closed doors and remote, hostile echoes.
scene_heading: INT. A CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 33°
text: Across a table from Horman sits a WOMM. An old MAN
text: doadles on a pad.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (metious, reassuricg)
dialog: Our Embassy pecple have investigated
dialog: and found no sign of your sq.
dialog: Neicher they, nor the milircary
dialog: government, know where he is.
text: Borman presents a newspaper clipping.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: The New York Times says: he's
dialog: been arrested.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: That's what your daughter-in-law
dialog: told the press.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Ave you saying she invented the
dialog: story?
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: Would you call her a stable person?
text: He has a roguish smile.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: She is Pestering the Embassy people;
dialog: they told me.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (bear)
text: Terty Simon, a friend on vacation
dialog: who was stranded by the coup,
dialog: confirmed everything deth cold ne.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: The arrested Americans have ail
dialog: been freed thanks co our Embassy's
dialog: efforts.
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (referring to folder)
dialog: The last two --.Teruggi and
dialog: Holloway -- were released. Teruggi
text: took off without even thanking the
dialog: Embassy.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: Mr. Horman, it's going to cake a
dialog: little time to straighten this out.
dialog: What I suggest you do is go back
dialog: up to New York, relax, jose lec
dialog: us take care of ic.
text: HOLD om Horman realizing his chain is being jerked for
dialog: the umpteenth time...
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK APARTMENT - NIGHT 34
text: ELIZABETH HORMAN, a vital fiftyish womm, pours her
text: husband coffee. Their apartment is middle-class, wu-
text: Pretentious, safa. Horman inspects an open file folder
dialog: of newspaper articles. :
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I showed the clipping. He implied
dialog: Beth was lying.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I always trusted her instincs
dialog: better than my own.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: You always gave them both che
dialog: benefit of the doubt.
text: She touches his hand gently.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I didm'’s 'give' it, Ed. They
dialog: earned it.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I wish I could see it your way.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. AIBPORT - DAY 35
text: . aise taxis 0.5. -- then moves IVTO FRE and begins
dialog: ling ic.
text: 4 long corridor leads co the terminal. On one side is
text: a chaotic noisy queue of departing passmgers. On the
text: other side are a dozen arziving passengers, no more.
dialog: One is Ed Horman.
dialog: 36
dialog: 33.
text: Heavily-armad soldiers block the termiml end of the
text: corridor. As Horman reaches them, che sldiers point
text: with their guns, indicating the customs area.
scene_heading: INT. CUSTOMS AREA - DAY 36
text: Horman waits at a counter. A CUSTOMS ISPECTOR points
text: at his briefcase. Ed opens it, and the Inspector
text: pokes through the contents, lifting outa book. He
dialog: ids it up: what's this?
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: Bible.
text: The Inspector frowns, and motions to a wearby Army
text: CAPTAIN, who takes the bock, then gives Horman the
dialog: seme what {is it? glower.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: It's a Bible.
text: The Captain shakes his head: this is o Bible to him.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: My "Bible' -- Christian Sciaere.
text: The Captain gestures "gimme" to the Customs Man.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Pasaporta.
text: The man hands over Horman's Passport. The Officer
text: checks che name, then curns, nodding to someone 0.5.
text: Responding to the nod, a call, seersuctered MAN with
text: a pleasant expression, heads for the comter.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Me. Horman... I'm Fred Purdy, the
dialog: American Consul here...
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: (pleased and relieved
dialog: Hello. [c's real good to meat
dialog: you, sir.
text: They shake. The capcain returns the passport and brief-
text: case, then salutes dy and retires. Taking charge of
text: Horman's suitcase, Purdy starts to lead them out °
dialog: ’ there.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Have you any news?
dialog: on
dialog: | 37
dialog: ~~
dialog: 38
dialog: ~~
dialog: 34,
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: No -- but I think we're on cop
dialog: of the situatia:. .
text: At an airline counter there's a disturbance. Waving am
text: official document, a young WOMAN, flanked by two cower-
text: ing kids, argues in strident Spanish with a CLERK.
scene_heading: EXT. ATRPORT GATES - DAY 37
text: Two American M-60 tanks guard the road into the air-
text: ort complex. Behind barbed wire, soldiers are dug
text: to gum emplacements bristling with recoilless cannons
text: and machine guns. .
text: 4 chauffeur-driven blue Buick sedan with U.S. State
dialog: Department plates waics.
text: Eorman is looking overwhelmed by the milicary prasence.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: You'd chink a war was going on.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: One is, sort of.
speaker_heading: BORMAN -
dialog: I thoughs the coup was over.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Te is. But there's still problems.
text: The chauffeur opens the door.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: The ambassador can see you at
dialog: three, today... if that's okay?
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: Fine. The sconer the bectar.
text: He gecs in, glances cutside again, then smorts incredu-
dialog: lously.
speaker_heading: RMAN
dialog: You sure picked a cheerful little
dialog: country to live in, didn't you?
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL CARRERA - DAY 38
text: Tne Consulate car drives cowards the hotal.
text: Here, too, there is a heavy military presence.
dialog: 39
text: begins wmpacking.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: (poincing to the hotel)
dialog: ... it's one of the best and you'll
dialog: be safer there than other places:
text: The car pulls up before the hotel. Beth waits in on
text: the sidewalk, has her back to the car. Wearing a
text: crumpled cotton dress that is badly in need of ironing,
text: her hair askew, she looks awful.
text: Horman gets out of the car and stands still flooded
text: by a multitude of feelings.
text: Bech turns around and sees Ed. She throws herself into
dialog: anprepared == then chey amseace cancacively, ‘copise,
dialog: azed -- then ace tentat. ,
text: to emote warmth, but eutarcassed and awicuard. The
text: intimacy ummerves them both, and chey break it swiftly.
speaker_heading: BETH .
dialog: I'm sorty I couldn't meet the
dialog: plane. I've been trying to see a
dialog: tan -- Major Prieto -- and this
dialog: morning was the only time he...
text: She is a little bic hysterical, incoherent in her rush
text: £0 gec things cuc. Ed is slightly annoyed. He is tired.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Not so fast, please. Lat's go
dialog: upstairs.
text: Beth raises her ayes and suddenly notices Purdy. de
text: greets her warmly. Beth answers coldly. Her hosceilicy
dialog: is aot lost on Horman. :
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: I'll pick you up at cwo.
text: The car with Purdy leaves.
scene_heading: INT. HORMAN'S ROOM - DAY . 39
text: A bellhop obsequiously sweeps back the dzapes, cracks
text: open the window, gestures at the bathroom -- then
text: accepts his tip from Horman and exits, bowing. Horman
text: swings his suitcase onto the bed, clicks it open,
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Bow was the crip?
speaker_heading: HO!
text: A veal delighc.
dialog: |
text: shirts in a drawer.
dialog: 36.
text: He hangs a suit in the closet.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: How is Elizabeth?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: How do you suppose?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: --. It's not my faule, Ed.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Nobody said ic was.
text: He continues unpacking.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Did you find out anything more
dialog: in Washington?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: No. But Purdy sounds like che
dialog: situation down here is pretty
text: well in hand.
text: She snorts scornfully.
speaker_heading: , HORMAN
dialog: You don't agrae?
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: I don't expect a whole hell of a
dialog: lot from any of chem any more.
speaker_heading: way? HORMAN
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ed, he's been missing for cwo
dialog: weeks, now, And all they've done
text: is sit down thera on their fat
dialog: bureaueratic asses and --
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: I don't want to hear any of your
dialog: anti-establishment paranoia. I
dialog: get enough of chac from him.
text: He crosses over to a dresser and begins placing his
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Tf he'd settled down where he belongs,
dialog: this never would have happened.
text: Beth's fighting back a tear. He frowns.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Please don't do that!
text: He crosses back to the bed and continues mpacking.
text: Beth stands there, hurt and fragile. Hesneaks a glance
text: at her -- his mood softens,
dialog: He don' oF I'LL fina
dialog: yo t worry <-- ['
dialog: hin.
text: He opens his briefcase, tak. ous packages of soap,
text: shampoo and toothpaste. fe betas them ome to her.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I remember Charles writing chat
dialog: they were hard to get here.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Net any more --
text: Be takes a gift-wrapped box in the briefmse.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: His mocher sent him some fudge
text: Ee raises one hand, unable to walk over md couch ner
text: fragile-looking shoulders, or soothe her hurt. Instead,
text: he checks his watch.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Uh... listen. Why don't ydu 3
dialog: freshen up? We've only got am hour.
dialog: ALl righe.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: By the way -- where's Terry?
speaker_heading: BETH
text: Ac Braniff, picking up her cticmt.
speaker_heading: . HORMAN
dialog: When's she leaving?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: She's fine, Ed. And so am L.
text: Gone. Horman blinks wncomfortably. Going to a window,
text: he gazes down, disturbed by their reuicon
dialog: 38.
text: Sell at the window, he hears 2 soft ZAP on the open
text: door. Bech is standing there, dressed in a suit, hair
text: combed, looking fresher, but still cambegone.
text: dAwkwardly attempting to lighten the mod, she gives a
text: funny lictle two step, and jokingly amounces herself:
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ta-daa.
text: But he doesn't bite.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Beth. Before we start, I amt to
dialog: ask you 2 question. and I meed you
dialog: to answer me absolutely trackhfully.
text: She waits.
dialog: 5)
dialog: What did he do?
speaker_heading: BETH .
dialog: Buh?
dialog: Wha id ching did Chaties do
dialog: ts
dialog: that sould gec him arrested... or
dialog: force him into hiding?
text: Bech is taken aback by the accusation
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Sometimes fr yonder if you or
dialog: elie can anything exespc
dialog: aake Tdealtacic seeeches aad wrice
dialog: books that are never published.
dialog: Or is this whole disappearing act
dialog: ust @ stunt to publicizea
dialog: grethcoming autobiography © don'c
dialog: know about?! ey
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: (Ley calm)
dialog: Tf you don't believe me, wey den'’c
dialog: you go back to New York? I can
dialog: find my husband all by nysalf...
text: Beth recoils, then tries to gear for mother epithet --
text: - bus what's che use? Instead, she stalks over to the
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: T still want an answer to thar
dialog: question, Beth.
dialog: 41
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (very sarcastic)
dialog: ++. He was building bombs to him
dialog: up the Junta. .
text: Horman collects his briefcase and surges mt the door.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ed, whether you know it or nor,he’s
dialog: @ very talented writer!
speaker_heading: EORMAN
dialog: Let's go. Hurry up or we'll te
dialog: late.
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN EMBASSY - DAY 40
text: Purdy's Buick pulls up before an enormam mansion,
text: surrounded by a park-sized garden. The Qnsul, docman
text: and Beth Leave the car and ascend che sams.
scene_heading: INT. AN EMBASSY BALLROOM - DAY 41
dialog: Re big elegant room is normally reservel for stace
text: tions. Standing before the furnitum, Horman
dialog: has just been ineroduced to 2 polished, dderly
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: My pleasure, Mr. Ambassador.
speaker_heading: , AMBASSADOR
dialog: Mine too, siz.
text: He nods courteously ac Bech.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Mes. Horman. How ara you toda?
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: I'm fine, of course.
text: Nearby, Captain Davis is dressed in a dah civilian
dialog: suit.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Me. Horman... Captain Davis, om
dialog: Senior Military Group Officer...
text: He gestures at another MAN, in the uifoca of a U.S.
dialog: Army Colonel.
dialog: 
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Colonel Hon, our Defense Attache.
text: Horman shakes their hands. Everybody settlas into
text: chairs. As Davis sits down, his eyes lock on Beth's.
text: They exchange cryptic glancas -- hers datk, unsmiling;
text: his vaguely akin to a leer.
text: Purdy opens a file folder.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: (to Ambassador)
dialog: Shall I review?
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: (ta _Horman)
dialog: But Sirse I want to exprass our deep
dialog: concern over your son's disappearance.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Thank you, Mx. Ambassador.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: T assure you, every element at our
dialog: disposal has been and will continue
dialog: to be utilized to facilitate his safe
dialog: Yes.
dialog: return.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: That's exactly what I had hoped to
dialog: hear.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Go ahead, Consul Purdy.
text: Purdy scans a mimeo'd file folder sheet, and clears his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Siz, we've conducted an extensive
dialog: iovescigacion. Captain Davis and
dialog: his staff have interviewed several
dialog: residents in the area where your
dialog: son was last seen. Colonel Hon has
dialog: been in contact with the milicary
dialog: and police authorities.
text: He stops, Horman waits.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: But after analyzing all che data,
dialog: we still come to the conclusion that
dialog: he misc be in hiding.
speaker_heading: BETS
dialog: From what?
dialog: 4L.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: That's a valid question, Mrs. Homan.
dialog: And one we'd also like the answer to.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: We've been through this a hindm
dialog: times.
dialog: (to Davis)
dialog: You knew damn well he's not hiding.
dialog: Our whole neighborheed saw a gam
text: squad pick him up.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: The military swears they haven’= got
dialog: hin
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: €eo Horman)
dialog: T've been to the Carabineros stations
dialog: and the Departmenc of Investigations.
dialog: I even entered the National Statfiun.
dialog: He's just plain noc in their custody.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: So you see, Mr. Horman, the hiding
text: theory seems to be the most viale.
dialog: At lease for the present.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Tkat's dumb. If he was hiding, he'd
dialog: contact me to say he was okay.
speaker_heading: HON
dialog: Pe is he can't. There's bea
dialog: lot of civilian casualties.
speaker_heading: ' BETH
dialog: (Low)
dialog: No shit, Dick Tracy.
text: Horman nails her with an angry frown. ‘Thm, after 2
text: moment of thought, he starts to speak -- Sut stops.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Go on, please.
text: Horman shakes his head, feeling he's probebly wrong.
dialog: I 4 ap if he has
dialog: was juse thinking... a
text: been injured, he might be in a coma
dialog: or something. Or he could be
dialog: suffering from amesia. .
text: Everyone but Bech weighs che suggestion.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Have you checked the hospicals?
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Some of them, yes.
scene_heading: : AMBASSADOR .
dialog: Why not all of then?
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Te's not easy right now, to enter
dialog: the hospitals and --
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: Translated, he means you could break
text: : ies tripping over all the maimed
dialog: odies.
text: 4n ugly pause. Uncomfortably, Purdy closes the file.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: The only thing we know for sure is
text: where he isn't.
text: Davis leans forward.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: I may have some further news after
dialog: tonight. I'm having dinner with
dialog: Admiral Huidobro.
speaker_heading: BETS
dialog: Oh God, Ray, not that again,
dialog: Haven't you seen him yet?
text: She curs, muttering angrily. Horman, Purdy and the
text: Ambassador are mote surprised by the familiarity of her
text: tone than by her anger. Hon seems unperturbed.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: These people are very busy tight
dialog: now,
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I'll bet they ara.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: By the way, Bech, whare’s chat list
dialog: T asked for?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What list?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: I'd like a list of Charles' friends.
dialog: So that we could extend our
dialog: investigation.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: T'll see thar you gee ic.
dialog: 43.
text: Beth glances sharply at Horman: he misses it.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (to Beth)
dialog: Didn't you tell me two of his
dialog: friends were called by Milicazy
dialog: Incelligence after he was supposed
dialog: to have been arrested?
speaker_heading: BETH Lo
dialog: Yes. and they boch called the
dialog: Consulate.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: What telephone calls?
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: IT wasn't aware of any.
speaker_heading: BETH :
dialog: Trac's a lie. I saw the notes on both
dialog: calls the day Shaffer showed me
dialog: your file cards.
text: Purdy backtracks hastily, transparently.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: As a matter of fact... yes. I think
dialog: I do remember.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Why doen't you check that out some
dialog: time in the next couple of days
dialog: and we'll meee again to take stock
dialog: of che situation.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: Way can't he do ic right now?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Beth, these chings take time...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Maybe Charlie doesn'c have thar
dialog: much time.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Let's check on them Tight now.
speaker_heading: P
dialog: All right, sir.
text: . warenge am open door they hear a BURST GF AUTOMATIC
text: WEAPONS FIRE. Horman flinches, but nobody else reacts.
text: ANOTHER BURST follows... and ANOTHER. Zon Teaches
text: behind him and casually shuts che door, blotting our
text: the GUNFIRE.
dialog: 42
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF EMBASSY - LATE AFTERNOON 42
text: Horman, Beth, and Purdy come down the walk coward the
text: driveway. In the b.g. Purdy’s chauffeured Buick is
text: parked near the front gate.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: ++. and if you need anything else,
dialog: just let me or Captain Davis know
dialog: and we'll arrange it.
speaker_heading: EORMAN
dialog: Fine. And I'LL get that list for
dialog: him tomorrow.
dialog: ( }
dialog: muttering:
dialog: Not from me you gon't.
text: She stalks off a few paces. Horman glowers at her,
text: then shakes his head, apologiz: te Purdy for her.
text: They shake hands. lontzing wv
speaker_heading: FORMAN
dialog: Thank you again, Consul Purdy.
speaker_heading: Pi
dialog: Just call ma Fred.
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: Thanks, Fred.
text: The Buick arrives, and Purdy starts back toward the
text: Embassy with a final wave. Scowling, Horman walks
text: over to Bech.
speaker_heading: . HORMAN
dialog: What's the matter with you? Why
dialog: did you act”so rude in chera?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (snorts)
dialog: Jesus Christ...
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Do you have to swear all the time?
text: He places his neatly-ironed shirts carefully in a
dialog: drawer.
speaker_heading: BETS
dialog: (sulleniy)
dialog: T'm sorry. 1 really don'c mean to
dialog: offend you...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 43
dialog: 45,
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Okay -~- Why aren'e you cooperacing
dialog: with them?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: Because, Ed, I'm sick and cized of
dialog: being fucked over by these pacple.
text: The Driver opens the door and Beth gets in. ornan
text: stands there, while her line sinks in.
speaker_heading: D
dialog: (to Horman)
dialog: The hotel?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What? Ah, yes... thanks...
text: He climbs into the car.
scene_heading: EXI. A SEASIDE RESORT - Lars AFTERNCOS 43
text: 4 wide promenade overlooks the sea. Charlie ceecars
text: precartously along the narrow top of a seawall. Terry's
dialog: voice calls:
speaker_heading: TERRY (0.S.)
dialog: Hold it right there, Mister.
text: Charlie freezes on one fect. A POLAROID SHUTTER CLICKS,
text: capturing the picture Beth found earlier in her des-
text: troyed house. Then Charlie takes one step, loses bis
text: balance, and tumbles off the seawall out of sight.
text: The CAMERA RUSHES FORWARD, leans over the wall, and
text: there's Charlie, contorted grotesquely in 4 sandbank
text: five feet below, grinniag Mischievously and poincing
text: a finger at us.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Getcha!
dialog: (laughs) *
dialog: You numbskull!
text: He pops up, ‘abbing a rock from the sand, and goes
text: into a convo uted, slightly comical baseball pitcher's
text: windup, then wings the stone toward the sea. Next, he
text: vaules the wall, brushing sand fron his Seans. and
text: checks his watch.
dialog: 
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, we better split. The lase bus
dialog: is at six. Race you downtown!
text: They take off, -Charlie has a weird way of running, all
text: flopping arms and legs -- but he can motor.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STATION - DUSK 46
text: Terry and Charlie stand outside a cement block building
text: under a peeling "BUS" sign. A MAN behind a windowed
text: counter shakes his head. Charlie groans.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Good news, everybody!
dialog: What's 2
dialog: wrong
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: The truckers are on strike, and
text: Chay block the roads.
speaker_heading: TERRY .
dialog: Great! How do we get back?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We don't...
dialog: (to Man, in Spanish)
dialog: When does che train leave?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Manana. A las diaz.
speaker_heading: . CHARLIE
dialog: With 1 xe a ara ghe 1
dialog: ith luck, 2 train might leave
dialog: tomorrow at ten.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: 4nd in the meantime?
text: Ee digs into a pocket, counting his money carefully.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (a la Slim Pickens)
dialog: Ah reckon wa better find ah hotel,
dialog: Annie.
text: ‘Terry slips her am mock-coquettishly through his, and
text: Tolls ecstatic eyes to heaven:
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Oh my gosh. an illicic might in a
text: romantic port.
dialog: 45
dialog: 47.
text: He kicks up one foot behind and across himself, whack-
text: ing her butt. And they head off into che lovely dusk.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - MORNING ot 45
text: Charlie sleeps on one bed, Terry on the other. ALL is
text: still -- then we hear a SOUND from outside, a low dull
text: "WHUMP-WHUMP" that BUILDS AND BUILDS uncil it RATTLES
text: THE GLASS of their terrace door.
text: Charlie awakens abruptly. Terry rolls over, and chey
text: question each other. Charlie jums up, opens the
text: terrace door. The SOUND CRASHES intc the roca.
text: Three military helicopters hover close by, machine
text: gunners crouched in the doors. Charlie steps cutside,
text: buffeted by the rotor wash, and locks down over che
text: railing. Army vehicles clog the boulevard chat
text: parallels the seawall. T. RUMBLE BY. Wrapped in
text: a sheet, Terry starts out, but...
dialog: -.. Charlie hes her back inside, then reencers hin-
text: self, struggling to close the door, chen faces her,
text: wide-eyed:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Rely shic!...
speaker_heading: HORMAN'S VOICE
dialog: That was the morning the coup
dialog: started?
speaker_heading: TERRY'S VOICE
dialog: You better believe ic.
scene_heading: EXT. A DINING TERRACE - SUNSET 46
text: Horman, Tarry, and Bech tarry over aftar-dinner coffae.
text: A formal string quartet performs Mozart on a small b.g.
text: bandstand. The soft ambiance is Occasionally punctured
text: by SOUNDS OF DISTANT GUNFIRE.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: The 24-hour curfew had shut
dialog: everyt! down. The phones were
dialog: out, and rlie freaked because he
dialog: souldn't reach Beth.
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: So you stayed on at the hotel?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: And that's when you met Creter?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: No. Him we met the next morning.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. VINA HOTEL PORCH -. MORNING 47
text: Seated at a table littered with the remains of a sump-
dialog: " Suous breakfast, are a middle-aged slightly overweight
text: MAN and a di » red-haired WOMAN. A newspaper Lies
text: beside the man's place. Charlie approaches their table.
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: May I borrow that paper if you're
dialog: through?
text: The Man Isoks up and laughs.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You'd de better to ask in English.
speaker_heading: CHARLIZE
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Hey, you're American!
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: . CHARLIE
dialog: Tourist?
speaker_heading: MaN
dialog: Not exactly.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are you doing down here?
dialog: Man
dialog: I'm with the Navy. We came dow
dialog: to do a job and it's done. :
text: Charlie beckons Terry. The Man offers his hand to
dialog: Charlie.
dialog: John Creter.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Cnarlie Horman... and this is my
dialog: friend, Terry Simon.
text: Creter enjoins them co sit down.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where are you from?
dialog: 43
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CRETER
dialog: My home base is Panama.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE -
dialog: You said you're in the Navy?
speaker_heading: CRETER
dialog: Retired. I'm juste on special
dialog: assignment.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What's it like in Panama?
speaker_heading: CRETER
dialog: Very nice.
dialog: winks )
dialog: Good place to keep an eye on Latin
dialog: America.
text: The redhead catches Crecer's eye -- she nods coward che
text: hotel. He swivels and sees a tall man in a U.S. Amy
text: Colonel's uniform. Crater waves,
dialog: That's my man from Milgroup,
dialog: What's Milgroup?
dialog: The U.S. Mdlicary Geoup. Their
dialog: Naval headquarters are here.
text: Crater passes Charlie the Newspaper. He gets up.
dialog: Enjoy tha p er. though i'n
dialog: aizaid Chere's not much news in
text: They join che Colonel, and disappear.
dialog: I remember Charlie guid That's
dialog: incredible -- I can't believe he
dialog: said all chat to us!’
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF TERRACE (CARRERA HOTEL) 48
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: That's when he decided co start
text: taking notes.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: About what?
dialog: ~~ 50.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Didn't you hear what she just said?
dialog: All those American officers in
dialog: Vina were obviously involved in
dialog: the coup.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Do you really think so, Terry?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Wait e minute. Why won't you
dialog: believe me when I say something?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (very quickly)
dialog: Becausa you're Charlie's wife and
dialog: that colors your perceptions.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: ‘ - Well, you're his dam father, and
dialog: that seems to twist all your
dialog: perceptions, too!
speaker_heading: i : TERRY
dialog: Wait a minute, whoa, you guys!
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Well dammit, Ed, you juste don'c
dialog: ve Charlie or me enough credit
dialog: or intelligent, caring sensibilities!
text: Head bowed, rubbing his ayes, Horman says nothing.
text: They're all pooped, nobody wants to argue. Eventually,
text: then, Ed gets chem back on the track.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: How did you finally gec back:
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Ray Davis drove us.
dialog: to Terry).
dialog: Oh, by the way, guess who's havin:
dialog: dinner with Admiral Huidobro tonighe?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: And you mean he didn't invite us?
dialog: How devastating.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Deo you believe that guy?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: on T'll bec he asked for the lise again.
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: $l.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: My gosh -- You aust be claisvoyane!
dialog: Horman studies the two women, ,
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: How do you know Davis so well?
text: Beth hesitates. No doubt he'll interpret what's coming
dialog: incorrectly: So Terry begins.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: We contacted him when Charlie
dialog: first disappeared.
speaker_heading: : BETH
dialog: He said Huidobro was coming to
text: dimmer at his house and it mighe
dialog: be good if wa came, toc... so we.
dialog: could calk to hin.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Naturally, we went. Bue che Admiral
dialog: never showed up.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ie grew late, and Mr. Honorable
dialog: himself, with our welfare uppermost
dialog: in his Boy Scout brain, suggested
dialog: we stay the night, because of the
dialog: curfew. That made sense, so we did.
text: Her gialogse is drowned by a military helicopter
text: THUNDERING IN over che roof terrace. The chopper's 49
text: searchlight blasts the scene with a blinding glow as
text: it banks sharply to hover above a neighboring building.
text: The deor gummer trips his guns and a HAIL OF TRACERS
text: vains onto the roof of that building.
text: Rata Reese who's seated at a naarby cable wich two other
text: journalists. At the GUNFIRE, her companions rush to
text: the railing. Bur Kate stays puc, eyes fixed on Horman.
scene_heading: INT. A BATHROOM - NIGHT 50
text: Beth luxuriares gratefully in a marble tub, eyes shut,
text: paying to velax. Ac a CLICK, she looks up -- che bach-
text: room door opens.
dialog: A trifle drmk, bur still cool, Davis is there, wea:
text: a white shirt and dark slacks, a drink in hand. His
dialog: smile is "friendly."
dialog: 31
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Got evarything you need?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Yes. What do you want?
text: Davis sips his drink, still smiling.
dialog: , look ae La thin,
dialog: Hey, Look... appreciate eve z
dialog: you've done for us, but I didn
dialog: sign up for this trip. Please.
text: He waggles his head pleasantly.
dialog: Okay, Ra: D ae hi J
dialog: Y, Ray. Do me a huge, and get
dialog: the fuck out, okay?
text: Raflectively, he peers at her in a paternal, quasi-
text: altruistic, and at the same time lecherous manner.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: You lmow, if I was you, Bech, I'd
dialog: quic Living in che past. It's time
dialog: to start thinking abour che fucure...
text: and, turning heel, he saunters away.
scene_heading: INT. A HALLWAY - NIGHT $1
text: Weapped in a too-big bathrobe and carrying her street
text: clothes, Beth hurries up to a lockad door. She knocks.
speaker_heading: DAVIS' VOICE
dialog: You've got to learn to stay ahead
dialog: of the power curve, girl.
text: Beth spins around. He's five yards. away in a high-
text: backed chaiz, lic up by a well-oiled grin.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Know what I mean... jellybean?
text: Beth raps on the door, harder.
speaker_heading: TERRY'S VOICE
dialog: Beat it, Ray! Leave me alone!
dialog: Ie's me, Beth.
text: None too steady, Davis unfolds upright, and starts
text: toward her.
dialog: 32
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Te's an old aircraft carrier cern.
text: If a pilec comes in ahead of the
dialog: power curve -- and something goes
dialog: wrong -- he can pull up and out.
text: He's a few feet away, now.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: But if he falls behind the power
dialog: curve, and something happens --
dialog: ‘adios, pal.'
text: A LOCK TUMBLES, the door cpens. Terry steps back as
text: Beth collapses into the room. Door slams behind her.
text: The LOCK CLICKS SHUT.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: You got co learn to stay ahead of
dialog: the power curve, lady...
scene_heading: INT. BETH AND TERRY'S HOTEL R00M - NIGHT 52
text: CLOSEUP on Horman, ayes disturbed, jaw sec.
speaker_heading: BETH'S VOICE
dialog: «+. and when we got up next morning
dialog: he was gone.
text: Terry's om the edge of 4 bed. Joyce stands at a dresser.
text: The Polaroid snapshoc of Charlie in Vina is wedged into
text: a corner of the dresser mirror, They area drassed as
dialog: before, on che roof.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (to Terry)
dialog: ++. What time is your plane?
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: Nine o'clock.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: Would you take back a letter for
dialog: Elizabeth?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Then I'Ll see you both in the morning.
text: Ac the door, however, he turns to Beth.
dialog: 53
dialog: 54,
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Why did you take a bath in his
dialog: house?
text: He starts off down the hallway coward che elevators.
text: She's astonished, can't move for a beat.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: "Ed, I cock a bath, I didn's ball
dialog: hin
text: Then she runs after him.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. ELEVATOR UNIT 53
text: Horman punches che elevator button. [t's tight there.
text: He steps in, she is right behind, the doors close.
text: He pushes the lobby button.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
text: (staring icily at
dialog: flas floor
dialog: numbers
dialog: Bech, I realize you're under
dialog: . tremendous strain...
speaker_heading: 3ETR
dialog: Well, so are you, dammic! But
dialog: that's no reason for us to hate
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: . HORMAN
dialog: Can't you lower your voica, please?
text: Beth Ls so furious she could hic him. Instead, she
text: gulps aiz, and erias a differenc cack.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: You want to knew why I took a bath
dialog: in his house? Okay, I'll cell you.
dialog: Huidobro never showed, right? So
dialog: I had to sit there and politely
dialog: gobble down turkey, a salad, fresh
dialog: vegetables, Beaujolais wine, and
text: a creme custard with caramel syrup
dialog: for dessert... in a country where
dialog: you have to stand in line for hours
dialog: to buy a loaf of bread! and that
text: made me so tense I couldn't see
dialog: straight.
dialog: 34
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: BETE .
dialog: So as soon as I had the chance I
dialog: drew myself a hot bath, in hopes
dialog: Chat the soak would quiet my nerves.
dialog: 1 locked the door too, in case such
dialog: details matter to you, bue apparently
dialog: he had 2 stinking pass key!
text: Elevator stops, the doors open. Horman marches cut and
text: begins to stride across the lobby.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Where ara you going?
dialog: ¢ e buning >
dialog: without
text: Out for a walk.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: They'll kill you because of the
dialog: curfew,
text: Be stops, and turns. He is struggl to get something
dialog: off Ale mind. Finally, he manages oot peak"
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: Did she and Charles have an affair?
text: Beth decides to play it differently. A Sarcastic smile
text: masks her rage.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Yes they did. Terry cold me juse
dialog: this morning chat she's pregnant
text: with Charlia's child.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: You don't need to be smotty.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Well whac kind of a stupid question
dialog: was thac?
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - DAY 54
text: Our CAMERA IS POSITIONED on the opposite side of the
text: street from the Horman house. ‘The WIDE ANGLE FRAMES
text: the house. OVER the SCENE, a WOMAN SPEAKS, low, muffled,
text: in Spanish. Bech interprets.
speaker_heading: BETH (V.0.)
dialog: It was late afternoon when they
dialog: brought him our. Four soldiers
text: and an officer were with him and
text: two other soldiers carried boxes
dialog: of things.
dialog: 56.
text: HOLD THE FRAME. Then: SOUNDS BLEED IN: shouts,
text: commands, boots shuffling, weapons clanking. An IMAGE
text: SUPERIMPOSES OVER the Si : four soldiers and an
text: officer lead a young man through the garden toward
text: the street. Young man's head is slumped, making
text: recognition difficult. Two soldiers in the lead
dialog: carry books and papers.
speaker_heading: . BETH (V.0.)
dialog: Habian ctres soldados?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.)
dialog: Si. Estuvieron muchos esperando
dialog: carca de un camion militar.
speaker_heading: BETH (7.0.)
dialog: There were many other soldiers
text: waiting at an Army truck.
text: We see them now, milling around the Parked truck. A
text: MAN'S VOICE incerrupts, objecting.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.0.)
dialog: Que dices, Mujer? Yo vei solamente
dialog: my pocos soldaos, y el carre fue
dialog: privado.
speaker_heading: BORMAN (V.0.)
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: . BETH (¥.0.)
dialog: He claims there weren't many
dialog: soldiers. and it was a civilian
text: The SCENE ALTERS: Now only two soldiers stand by a
dialog: battered Ford Panel cruck. Back to us, che Young Man
text: is shoved into the rear of the truck by one (net four)
dialog: soldiers. The Woman protasts:
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.0.)
dialog: No, astuvieron muchos soldados,
dialog: y el camion fue del ejercito.
dialog: She says, 'No, there were man
dialog: soldiers, and ic was definite 7
text: am army truck.’
text: The SCENE SHIFTS BACK as bafore. The squad piles in
text: after the Young Man and che truck takes off. Now the
text: SCENE APPEARS as it was when first viewed.
dialog: 35
dialog: 56
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: NEIGHBORS HOUSE - DAY 55
text: Horman stares PAST CAMERA at the house. A tiny gnarled
text: old woman in a nearby wheelchair argues Rashomon-like
text: ia Spanish with a thin, pale man. Beth kneels next
dialog: to the woman. Horman wa. over. .
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: She's sure it was Charles? -
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Seguro que el muchacho fue ai marido?
text: The woman hesitates, then nods.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (to Horman)
dialog: Pretty sure.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: With witnesses like this, no wonder
dialog: nobody can find hin.
text: He heads across the street toward the house. Beth pats
text: the old woman's hand in gratitude. The woman helds on,
text: squeezing Beth's hand sympathetically.
scene_heading: INT. HORMAN HOUSE - Day 56
text: Sceill a mess. The door opens, and Horan appears, in
text: silhouette. He is joined by Bech.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Lord... is this the way you found it?
dialog: coesnsl
speaker_heading: Q J
text: No. It was a raal shambles.
text: No reaction as he Launches a brief inspection. He
text: circles am overturned couch co reach the bedroon.
text: Kicks pillow feathers from his shoes in the dingy bath-
text: room with {ts rusting shower walls and peeled plaster.
text: His nose wrinkled in distaste, he returns to the living
dialog: room area,
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: You were living like this?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: God!... Why?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Charlie wanted to live like the
dialog: people here.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: T guess it's easy to be poor when
dialog: you've got a round trip ticker in
dialog: your pocket.
text: Learning to recognize the trap, Beth doesn't blow up.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Let me explain something, Ed. We
dialog: don’t look at it as ‘playing pocr.'
dialog: We look at ic as trying to be a
dialog: part of the community. The people
dialog: feel wa care about them because we
dialog: live, and work, and play at their
dialog: leval. It's a way of giving Fespecc
dialog: - and of earning ic.
text: While speaking, Bech moves around in the rubble, pluck-
text: ing at papers, scanning chen briefly, letcing them fall.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Maybe it sounds weird to you, but
dialog: this is one of the happiesc homes
dialog: Tt ever had. Charlie, too. We
dialog: really had our acts together.
text: szocping, she discovers a book: Sc. Exupery's THE
scene_heading: LITTLE PRINCE.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: When we first got married, Charlie
dialog: would read a chapter of this book.
dialog: to me every night.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: What is it?
text: Holding it up so he can read the title, she quotes her
dialog: husband's inseripcion inside:
text: She locks up, compelled to explain,
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: th the book, the Prince come
text: across a wild fox in the desert.
dialog: And little by lictle, by being
dialog: very gentle and choughrZul, he
dialog: tames the fox. So the fox cells
text: him a secret.
dialog: 
text: She reflects for a moment.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: BETH .
dialog: Charlie's real good at caming people.
text: She has been leafing through the bock. Now she reads:
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: ‘It is only with the heart that
dialog: we can see rightly; whac is
dialog: essential is invisible to the eye.'
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: BETH
text: The fox's secret.
text: She hands him the book, then meanders a faw more steps,
text: and locates a handful of kids' bright, innocent evayon
text: dvawings. She cifiles through chem.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Neighborhood kids drew these. When
dialog: we first arrived, Charlie would
dialog: invite them to visit us. They were
dialog: tee poor to buy crayons and paper.
dialog: At firsc, their drawings were very
dialog: small. Before long, they wanted
text: largez and larger sheets of paper.
dialog: They had coma to realize art was
dialog: something they could be delighted
dialog: with and very proud of...
text: She faces Horan straight on.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: That's a gift Charlie gave to the
dialog: kids of this neighborhood.
text: Rorman's aye is caught by an ink drawing tacked to che
text: wall. The skatch is of a fey fantasy animal, half-duck,
text: half-rabbic, with big, limpid eyes. Under ic is written:
dialog: "The Sunshine Grabber."
speaker_heading: HRORMAN
dialog: Charles drew this?
text: Bech nods.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What does it mean, ‘The Sunshine
dialog: Grabber?‘
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: It's a poem and the name of an
dialog: animation film he's been working
dialog: om. That's one of the charactars.
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 60,
text: Ed folds the drawing and places it in his pockec.
speaker_heading: HORMAN .
text: He seems very innocent, almose
dialog: deliberately naive.
dialog: , B
dialog: Is that so bad?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Is this so good?
text: Hold it. Then a KNOCK om the half-cpen door breaks the
dialog: confrontation. .
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Whe is it?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Relle.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Eello.
dialog: (to Herman)
dialog: Mrs. Duran, the lady I cold you
text: about. Her mother lives across
dialog: the streec.
scene_heading: EXT. AN AVENUE - DAY 57
text: CAMERA is in the back seat of a cruising caxi. Traffic
text: is light. Approaching an intersection, he slows, curn-
text: ing left, and swings onto an avenue.
text: A large, ominous structure looms to our right. Mzs.
dialog: Duran speaks OVER the SCENE. :
speaker_heading: ‘MRS. DURAN (V.0.)
text: The truck turned into che driveway
dialog: of the stadiun.
text: Tae taxi eases to a stop in the driveway.
scene_heading: MRS. DURAN .
text: They waited a moment for the gate
text: to open, then drove inside.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STADIUM - DAY 38
text: Soldiers and armored vehicles guard the encrance. Many
text: women keep an anxious vigil near the main gate. Some
dialog: have photos of missing Loved ones hung around cheir
text: necks. Whenever a soldier or vehicle approaches, they
text: held up che ohotos, desperately Pleading for information.
dialog: 59
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: BORMAN (¥.0.)
dialog: How come you followed it?
speaker_heading: BETH (V.0.).
dialog: She didn't. She --
text: Horman sits next to Beth. Mrs. Duran is at her right.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Let her cell it, please. Why did
dialog: your taxi take the same route as
dialog: the truck?
speaker_heading: MRS. DURAN
dialog: (points) -
dialog: T live juse bayond che scadium --
dialog: on Avenue Alvarez. [I have te go
dialog: past here when I come from the
dialog: house of ay mother.
text: Horman decides to open his door and get cut. Buta
text: black sedan swerves beside the cab, juse inches fron
text: the half-opened door, and Horman pulls shue the door,
text: startled.
text: Three lethal-locking men and a woman are inside. One
text: gestures for che taxi to move on.
text: Horman would object, but Beth grabs bis arn.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Don's... :
text: When he looks at her, he sees Mrs. Duran is scrunched
text: down, trying to be invisible. .
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: She could be arrastad juse for
dialog: talking to us.
text: Horman faces the Sedan again. The man gestures: not
dialog: @ suggestion, this time, but a command. The cabbie
text: shifts into gear and pulls away.
text: The sedan pulls our behind is.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CARRERA’ - END OF THE DAY
text: Horman and Seth emerge from an elevator, aimed coward
text: a small salon off the lobby. Kate Raesa sees them,
text: and moves into their path. She smiles familiarly ac
text: Beth, chen addresses Horman:
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: My name is Kate Reese, Mc. Horman.
dialog: I'm a reporter.
text: Though Horman’is more interested in the salon, where
text: Purdy, Davis, and Hon are waiting, he nevertheless
text: actands her question.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Ts it true you're fed with the
dialog: Embassy's handling of chings? Are
dialog: you planning your own investigation?
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: I'm not interested in challenging
dialog: what chey've done, Miss Reese.
dialog: only concern is getting back my son.
text: And he heads anxiously toward the salon.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Tsy and get him co calk with me, Beth.
text: Beth goes to the salon. Reese continues co look at
text: them -- her smile is gone.
scene_heading: INT. SALON 60
text: SCENE begins in a room empty but for our players. As
text: it progresses, other guests arrive, forcing the princi-
text: pals to shift around, seeking privacy.
text: Horman arrives at the officials.
speaker_heading: . RORMAN
dialog: What's up? Any news?
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Shall we siz down?
text: Horman shakas his head, eager to proceed.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Well, we backtracked over our leads
dialog: with the military... bur they still
dialog: deny any knowledge of his arrest.
speaker_heading: ROW
dialog: We also can a fingerprint check at
text: the morgues. They came up negative.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: You trust your sources, Colonel?
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: . HON
dialog: Captain Davis checked them himself.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Well, then, I'm suxe they're
dialog: impeccable.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: What we now need is more information...
dialog: mostly from you, Beth. For instance,
dialog: why were you here?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: We were tired of seeing the world
dialog: through the New York Times. We
dialog: wanted to... to travel.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Way this country specifically?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: We'd been all over Latin America
dialog: aud we decided this was the best
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: BON
dialog: You mean politically?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I mean every way -- util your generals
dialog: took over,
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: They're not gur generals, Bech.
text: She doesn't respond to thac -- but Horman does, Leveling
text: another critical eye on Davis.
speaker_heading: . PURDY
dialog: What kind of work was Charlie
dialog: involved in?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: What do you mean, ‘was?'
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: What kind of work is he involved in?
speaker_heading: BETA
dialog: He's making an animated Children's
text: film. and Tesearching a screenplay.
dialog: He also writes articles --
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: You mean for FIN.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What's chac?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
text: A left-wing newspaper.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: FIN is about as ‘left-wing’ as
dialog: Colonel Sanders. and Charlie
dialog: doesn't write for it, he translates
dialog: news and feature stories from such
text: bastions of American comminism as
dialog: the New York Post and The Wall
dialog: Street Journal.
text: Her antagonism suggests they try a differenc tack.
speaker_heading: EON
dialog: Mr. Borman, there's anocher theory
text: kicking around.
speaker_heading: . BORMAN
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: HON
dialog: He could have been picked up by
text: leftists posing as soldiers.
speaker_heading: DAVIS .
dialog: In fact, some people think it may
dialog: even have been his idea.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Which peopla? Ara you kidding?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (to Horman)
dialog: He might have done it to embarzass
dialog: the government. Make ic lock like
dialog: they're arresting Americans,
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: They are arresting Americans. or
dialog: don't"Frank Teruggi and David
dialog: Holloway count?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I heard abour chem in Washington.
dialog: They were released, right?
dialog: Nobedy really wants to field that question.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: We should talk co chem.
speaker_heading: BETH :
dialog: We've seeing David tomorrow.
speaker_heading: HO!
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: We are?
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: If they don't get to him firse.
text: Horman takes a typewritten page from his pocket, and
text: passes it to Purdy.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Ts that my lise?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (to Purdy)
dialog: It's just some things I'd like you
dialog: to check our,
dialog: No.
text: Purdy scams the page, then shoves it inco his jacket.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: I'll do my best.
dialog: (a beat) .
dialog: Well, if that's all, I guess...
speaker_heading: HORMAN
text: Just a second, Genclemen.
text: His face becomes tougher, more authoritative.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I'm going to be perfectly frank
dialog: with you. I know chat eve
dialog: American Embassy down here bas
text: agents involved with local police
dialog: and military training programs...
text: Davis and Hon regard him with stone-faces. Purdy is not
dialog: quite as cool.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Me. Horman...
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: T assume that such an operation
dialog: exists here. I don't want to know
dialog: what ic is, and I don's care who
dialog: runs it. All I'm asking is that
dialog: you use it to help find my son.
dialog: 66.
text: Davis opens his mouth, buc Horman cuts him off.
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: That's all I have to say right
dialog: now. Thank you... goodnight.
text: He cakes Beth by the elbow and ushers her cut.
scene_heading: 61 INT. LOBBY AND ELEVATOR . 61
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (rather awed)
dialog: IT don't believe you said that,
dialog: about the police training programs.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You can get into big trouble wich
dialog: loaded requests Like thac.
text: They halt. He punches an elevator button.
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: I've always believed chat if you
dialog: call a spade a spade, people will
dialog: respond favorably.
text: The doors open.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You could get dead with thac kind
dialog: cf ‘favorable response.’
text: They enter. The doors close.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: That's your paranoia. And of
dialog: course Charlia's.
speaker_heading: BETR
dialog: ++. Ed, he is not a Zailure.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I didn't say he was.
speaker_heading: 3 tn BETH
dialog: ut every time you cpen your mouth,
dialog: you imply ic.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Well, i£ you and he had just paid
dialog: a little more attencicon to che basics,
dialog: this never would have happened.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Oh, and whac are the basics: God,
dialog: Country, Wall Street. ,
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: There's nothing wrong with God or
dialog: your country, young ledy!
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: T knew, I know. God bless our
dialog: way of life!
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: Ic's a dam good way of life, too,
dialog: Ro matter how much people like you
dialog: and Charles may try to tear ic down
dialog: with your sloppy idealism!
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: My idealism happens to be based
dialog: om facts in the real world, not
dialog: on some kind of... of Super Bowl,
dialog: Piszified, Tricky Dicky power
dialog: trip
scene_heading: 62 INT. HALLWAY AND HORMAN'S ROOM 62
text: The elevator doors open, discharging 3eth and Horman.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I can't stand people who live off
dialog: the fac of their country, and
text: their parents, and then whine and
text: fuss and complain...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Is that your e@ of Charlia
dialog: and ge? How could chae be!
text: He opens the door, enters his room, and turns to face
text: the rest of Beth's wrath.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ed, we're not some kind of freaked-
dialog: out, acid-tripping Charley Mansonites!
dialog: We'ra just two normal, slightly
text: confused, paealiseic american Beople
dialog: trying to be connecte positively to
dialog: che whole dam roctren enchila
dialog: 68.
text: Bang! He shuts the door in her face.
text: Beth steps forward and slams the heel of her fist once,
text: hard, against the door.
text: His back is against the door: he is pale and trembling
text: and in shock from such a bitter explosion. Ed is net
dialog: aman who likes, or is used to, raising his voice,
text: losing control, or dumping soiled linen so erudely
text: upon the table.
speaker_heading: BETH'S VOICE
dialog: Clow)
dialog: Serew you, then, Mr. Horman!
text: Beth strides y down to her room, unlocks che door,
text: and slams it b é her. .
text: HOLD on the empty hallway for a momenc.
text: Beth's door opens, she storms out, canters purposefully
text: up the hallway to Horman's door, composes herself with
text: two deep breaths -- and knocks.
dialog: No ‘answer.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: Ed... I'm sorry.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: Cam you hear me? Are you all rights?
dialog: I said I'm sorry...
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: BETH -
dialog: Oh, shit. I blew it. Me and ay
text: big mouth.
text: Sha shakes her fist in almost comical anguish at the
text: door, then backs away down che hallway, making all
text: sotts of half-amused, half-cragic gestures of
text: frustration ac Horman's door.
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. BETH'S HOTEL ROOM 63
text: She enters, goes directly to the phone, and dials
dialog: Horman's room number.
scene_heading: INT. ED HORMAN'S ROOM 64
text: Seated on the edge of his bed, Ed looks rotten. When
text: she PHONE RINGS, he waits to answer wmeil che THIRD
speaker_heading: ANGLE .
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Rello?
scene_heading: INT. BETH'S HOTEL ROOM 65
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Te's mm. Look, I'm sorzy, 1
dialog: @idn't mean to blow up and say
dialog: those things. [I should be tarred
dialog: mg feathered for being such an
dialog: ot...
scene_heading: INT. HOLLOWAY/TERUGGL APARTMENT - NIGHT 66
text: David is typing at a littered desk, surrounded by book-
text: shelves, and scattered papers. ‘The room is Large,
text: eclectically furnished, like that of a well-heeled
text: grad student. Posters and prints decorate the walls.
text: Skis adorn a corner.
text: Opposite the couch, 2 high French door leads to che
text: terrace where David and Frank said goodbye to 3eth
text: earlier. Suddenly we hear NOISES outside: BOOTS
text: CLOMPING UP STAIRS, ROUGH VOICES, SHARP SOUNDS. Then
text: a rifle buts SMASHES glass, che door flies open, and
text: ‘Soldiers burst into che room.
text: David jumps up, crying "Hey, Frank!" Buc he is immedi-
text: ately Pinned against che bookcase by a rifle jammed in
text: his belly. His reaction, from hundreds of childhood
text: westerns, is to fling up his hands, exclaiming "Don't
dialog: shoot!"
text: An OFFICER checks a List of names.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: David Ol-avai?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Holloway.
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: - OFFICER
dialog: Frank... Teruggi? .
text: David points to a door. Several soldiers spring over,
text: flanking it with ostentatious skill. The decr cpens
text: and Frank appears, a copy of MAD Magazine in hand.
text: Two soldiers grab at him, but Teruggi shakes them off.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Get away from me, you assholes.
dialog: What do you think you're --
text: Furiously -- and stupidly -- he goes ape, swinging his
text: arms, buteing with his shoulders”
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Stop it, they'll kill you!
text: 4 soldier swings his rifle butt, knocking Frank onto
text: the couch. Another goon Lands on his belly, jamming
text: a .45 into his neck.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay. Youwin. I give up.
text: Meanwhile, ocher soldiers search the voom, dumping
text: books, tearing off posters, confiscating reams of
dialog: .typeseripc.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE VAN AND STREETS - NICHT 67
text: The van speeds down an avenue deserted except for other
text: mi lteasy vehicles. Occasional soldiers warm themselves
dialog: at bontires. .
text: Hands bound behind them, David and Frank are next to
text: the driver, faces pressed up against che windshiald.
text: The Officer and several soldiers crouch in the rear,
text: where hay bales procect against sniper fire.
scene_heading: EXT. THE AVENUE - NIGHT 68
text: The van swings into the National Seadium driveway.
text: Many other vehicles -- both army and civilian -- await
dialog: clearance to enter.
scene_heading: EXT. NATIONAL STADIUM - NIGaTr 69
text: The scene is electric with tension. Harsh spotlighc
text: beams roam the bleachers, reflecting off prisoners --
text: standing, seatad, supine -- each one alone.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71.
text: Other groups huddle together for protection. Strange-
text: ly, most appear to be spectators waiting for the show
dialog: to begin. :
text: The playing field is dark, silent. Soldiers lean
text: againsc vans and armored cars, weapons aimed up toward
text: the bleachers.
text: Tt seems each side is waiting for the othar co begin
text: some kind of stylized, cragic set-piece.
scene_heading: ANGLE - INSIDE THE MAIN GATE 70
text: Guards yank Frank and David from che van and prod them
text: forward. At the same time, almost a dozen prisoners
text: aze shoved out of a nearby cruck and quscled brutally
text: onto the same ramp toward which Frank and David are
text: headed. Again, Teruggi reaccs to the abuse. He slaps
text: away rifle barrels, knocks off rude hands. They jostle
text: among the other prisoners. Frank is almost felled as
dialog: David hollers:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We have a right co call the
dialog: American Embassy!
text: Of a sudden, a skinny, handsome Latin student cype
text: prisoner explodes at the abuse. He swings back at a
text: soldier, and another soldier clobbers. hin behind the
text: head. He drops, poleaxed, and is immediately booted
text: over sideways. Both blows are astonishingly brutal.
text: Six soldiers jump among the prisoners.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Beat them! Kill anybody who
dialog: tesists!
text: Te begins. Each soldier kicks che Rearest prisoner in
text: the stomach two, three times. The entire body jumps
text: with each kick. Man cry our. Soldiers tap heads with
text: their machine + and stomp on ankles while the men
text: groan. One soldier steps between the student's legs,
text: Rauls him back, and boots him in the erotch.
text: The student flops forward, shrieking, and turns, in-
text: Sanely lunging at his Cormantor, who knocks him silly
text: with a rifle blow.
text: David and Frank are paralyzed at the swift brutalicy
dialog: of chis scene.
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM CORRIDOR ~ OFFICE - NIGHT 71
text: The corridor is an office. Desks line one wall, an
text: officer behind each one. Frank and David are waiting
text: to be registered and questioned. Soldiers everywhere .
text: aze herding prisoners, or congregating around
text: “praseros" keeping warm, drinking soup.
dialog: The most fear we have yet seen permeates this place --
text: palpable, gricty, sickening. CRIES and SCREAMS spatter
text: up from the basement beneath the stadium, often fol-
text: lowed by GUNFIRE. The sounds are bizarre: the absence
dialog: of say buman reaction in the guards heightens che
text: unreality. David's eyes dart about, his face terri-
text: Sted. aagspice his hurt, Frank is more watchful,
dialog: ealai . 7
scene_heading: INT. CELL IN THE BASEMENT OF STADIUM - NIGHT : 72
text: A locker room has been converted into a detancion area.
text: Prisoners lie around on the benches. Most have been
text: beaten. There’s little conversation -- and thac is
text: mostly in whispers.
text: Frank and David sic on che floor, backs to a wall. :
text: Near panic, David studies the trapped men around then.
text: He shivers whenever MUFFLED GUNFIRE carries through the
text: corridors to their holding area.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They're going to kill us, aren't
dialog: they?
speaker_heading: FRANK .
dialog: I don't think so. They're just
dialog: trying to scare us.
dialog: © pavin
dialog: Well they sure as hell succeeded.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey, man, we're Americans. If
dialog: they kill us, our Embassy will go
dialog: bananas.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You're full of shit, Frank.
text: David's Laughter triggers tears instead. Te: iL purcs
text: am arm around his shoulder, like a big brother=
dialog: Hey, I' Line ye in;
dialog: 7, m te. you, we're going
dialog: to be all right.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I can't help it. They're gonna
dialog: kill thac guy, aren't thay?
text: Frank figures his job is to hoid David together. He
text: smiles gruffly.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Listen. I'll bet you a dinner
dialog: at Arcuro's that we'll be out of
dialog: here by moming,
dialog: David is will to grasp at that straw, and be a
dialog: little soothed =
speaker_heading: DAVID -
dialog: Okay. You gor a ber.
text: They shake hands just as a door opens. An OFFICER
text: sticks in his head, checking 2 clipboard list.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Tear...0...Gee?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (chilled, but
dialog: doesn'c let on)
dialog: Hah! Looks like you lose, turkey.
text: Rising, he squeezes David's shoulder with affeccionace
dialog: concern.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Be stron, 5 Soon as I get out
dialog: T'Ll head straight for che Embassy.
text: David nods with a glimmer of hope.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Tear-0-Gee!
text: Then he straightans, and limps toward the Officer,
text: snarling under his breach:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hold your water, Mickey Mouse.
text: The last glimpse David has is Frank's shoulder.
text: Then David is alone, glancing timorously around act
text: other prisoners as we hear the incongruous "WHOP" of
text: 2 tennis ball being struck... followed by a “BRAVO!”
text: and a smattering of LiGaT APPLAUSE.
dialog: 74,
scene_heading: 73 EXT. A FORMAL GARDEN - DAY 73
text: David Holloway is perched on the edge of a chaise
text: across from Horman and Beth, His left hand is band-
text: aged, he looks gaumt. Pia sits with him, hand resc-
text: | ing lightly on his thigh.
text: ie On a b.g. private tennis court a mixed-doubles game
text: is in progress. A small gallery of spectators aunches
text: ' discreet applause. Beyond che court, a smooth green
text: lawn rises toward a sprawling white stueco villa.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's the lase time I saw Frank.
dialog: They released me nexe day.
text: Horman leans forward in his chair.
speaker_heading: ' HORMAN
dialog: The State Department told me Frank
dialog: ' : left Chile right after he was
dialog: ! released,
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: , I spoke with his dad in Chicago.
dialog: Boy Frank hasn't called him, or anyone
dialog: : else we know,
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: i Maybe he's in hiding, too.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (to Bech)
dialog: ' Ts that where you think Charlie
dialog: is, im hiding?’
speaker_heading: : BETH
dialog: : Don's look at me.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (to Beth)
dialog: Way do you insise on rejecting
dialog: that hope?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Because ic jusc isn't crue.
text: Instead of fighting her, Ed cries to digese that.
text: After a brief pause, he asks David:
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: This newspaper you all worked
dialog: om == ¢ @ that be why you ware
dialog: arrested?
dialog: 74
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They never even interrogated me
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Was Charlie very active in it?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Juse like the rest of us... We
dialog: sometimes worked eighteen hours
dialog: a day until we goc it our.
dialog: (reall x rised)
dialog: rea. 8 sa
dialog: aarte worked eighcean houss a
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Sometimes -- suze!
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What did re get paid for those
dialog: eighteen hours?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: They earned a little gratitude,
dialog: some respect.
speaker_heading: : HORMAN
dialog: But you can'c buy very many hor
dialog: dogs with a 'lictle grazicude, '
dialog: can you?
dialog: 5
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: Rey. Lee's not start again...
text: Applause signals another skilled vollay.
scene_heading: INT. HORMAN'S HOTEL 200M a
text: Dressed in a2 robe, Herman is shaving in the bathroom.
text: There's a KNOCK at the hall door,
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Te's open.
text: A MAN in a dark business suiz is holding the calephone
text: raceiver in-his hand. Hi3 eyes flick from the fe
text: open bathroom door to the hall door, which opens, ra-
text: vealing Beth, dressed for dinner.
text: Horman appears, sees che Man. Puzzled, he glances ac
dialog: Beth, chen back cto the Man.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What ara you doing?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (sheepishly)
dialog: I fix che telephone.
text: Replacing the receiver, he latches once a small black
text: case. And starts our, brushing past Beth.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: It works fine.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Now it works better.
text: Horman hurries co the hall door as che Man disappears
text: atound a commer. When he returns, Seth grimaces.
speaker_heading: BETH .
dialog: They ‘fixed’ mine yesterday.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (awad)
dialog: How can they do ic so brazenly?
text: Beth walks over near the phone, tilts her head, cups
text: her mouth, and addrasses the phone:
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: Hallo, Ray. How's evary lictle
dialog: thing over thera in your
dialog: electronic game room?
text: as if on cue, the PHONE RINGS. Beth jumps, thoroughly
text: startled.
text: Horman answers.
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: Yes...?
text: (a pause; his face
dialog: falls)
dialog: Thank you,
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: The Ambassador wants to see me
text: in the morning.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (soberad)
dialog: Why?
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77,
dialog: woman
dialog: (dis curbed)
dialog: IT don’t know...
scene_heading: INT. AMBASSADOR'S OFFICE SUITE - Day . 78
text: Ill at ease, Horman paces in a teception area, while a
text: SECRETARY types away. PHONE RINGS, the Secretary
dialog: answers:
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: You can go in, sir.
text: Beth follows Horman to a door -- which opens -- reveal-—
text: ing a troubled Purdy.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: (very somber)
dialog: Geod morning...
text: Then he sees Beth.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Sorry, Bech. You can'sc... this
dialog: appointment is only for...
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Fred, anything I'm about to hear
dialog: is for her also.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Te's all right. Let chem boch in.
text: Purdy steps aside, ushering Horman and Bech ince the
dialog: ofetce, where they fully expect to hear bad news about
dialog: ariie.
scene_heading: INT. aMBASSADOR'S OFFICE - Day 76
text: A large picture window in the brighc, bi. ~ceilinged
text: parlor overlooks the Embassy's vase, weli-tanded gar-
text: dens. The Ambassador rises as he and Ed perform the
text: amenitias. Bech hangs back, avoiding the ritual.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Sit down, please.
text: Horman setrles on the edge of a leather club chair,
text: Bech remains standing.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What's wrong?
dialog: 78,
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Did you find hin?
text: The Ambassador is puzzled. Silencly, he queries Purty
text: . then abruptly underscands.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Oh, no... not thac ac all. I'm
dialog: sorry.
dialog: $= {0)
dialog: What is it, chen?
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: T hear you'd like to discuss some
dialog: Political questions.
text: Now Horman is confused. Until che Ambassador clarifies:
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: You suggestad that chere might be
dialog: some id of American police
dialog: assistance program down here.
text: Gk. Horman nods, back on the crack. And relieved.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: T'd like you to know that nothing
dialog: of that sort axises in this
dialog: . country.
text: A pause. Horman doesn't buy ic.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I'm not interested in che politics
dialog: of it, sir. I only brought ic up
dialog: because I want you to use every
dialog: Tesource at your disposal.
speaker_heading: . AMBASSADOR
dialog: T vepeat, Mr. Horman -- no such
dialog: operation exists.
text: Horman looks stung, then he leans back, and dacides he
dialog: had better drop ic. Purdy changes the subjece.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: I cleared the hespicals you wane
dialog: to visic.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: ,:- What about the National
dialog: Stadium?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: I'm trying. But that's kind of
dialog: touchy.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Handle ic!
text: Another awkward pause. Horman glences around the room
text: uncomfortably, then decides to otge ahead anyway. He
text: speaks slowly, deliberately, extra careful to make sure
text: his tone accuses nobody. He is afraid of losing these
dialog: eople as allies... and regrets perhaps, that he ever
text: Broughe up the police assistance progran.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Look. I know these are bad times.
dialog: This is no fim for you people...
dialog: and it certainly isn’: any fun for
dialog: Beth or me... or for Charles,
dialog: wherever he may be. I know you'ra
dialog: doing your best. I have to believe
dialog: that, ic’s our only real hope. You
dialog: have all the machinery, and all the
dialog: comections on your side. I'm jusc
dialog: a middle-age businessman from Naw
dialog: York. Iocan'c evan speak a word
dialog: of Spanish.
text: He halts. He is a little disconcertad by che faces of
text: his lisceners. The Ambassador is completely neutral.
text: Purdy is anxious, his mind also on something else.
text: Buc Bech is rape, and deeply moved by Ed's plea.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Maybe ay son has been shot... or
dialog: tortured. Maybe they beac him up
dialog: -$0 badly chat now chay're hanging
text: onte him uncil he heals enough to
dialog: be released. I don't care. What's
dialog: done is done. You nave to reach
text: chem and tent chem pit accept him
dialog: any condition. won't raise a
dialog: sua T wont even go to che
dialog: newspapers. You draw up any
dialog: releases you want, [I'll sign chem.
dialog: T'll absolve anybody and everybody
dialog: of all blame if I can just... have
text: ++. Rim... back.
text: Horman again stops co compose himself.
speaker_heading: EHORMAN
dialog: He's the only child I've got, sir.
dialog: Purdy is ena But as for the Ambassador? -- noc
text: even one eyelash flickers.
dialog: 77
dialog: 80.
text: Everybody waits... A BIRD SINGS just outside che win-
text: dew. Horman's expression slowly changes from ona of
dialog: anxious ancicipa one Ry one At puzzLemen c. phen tae
dialog: credulicy when he finally realizes: pobody s £0
dialog: tumble. His plea for compassion and imag vative att
text: has fallen on deaf ears. He has called a spade a spade
dialog: «++ and they {gnore him.
text: Shakily, he leans toward the Ambassador:
speaker_heading: . HORMAN
dialog: Did you hear what I jusc said?
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Yes I did, Me. Horman.
text: So Ed rises and looks over at Purdy, who cannot meet
text: his gaze.
dialog: Fred len * b
dialog: ted, you know I won't ack
dialog: to New York wichout an SDewer,
text: Purdy squirm-shrugs... nods. Beth tisas and cakes her
text: father-in-law's arm.
speaker_heading: BETH
text: Coma on, Ed. The meeting's over.
text: She leads him to the door.
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. RECEPTION ROOM 77
text: In a trance, Horman wavers in the middle of che room,
text: his brow deeply knic, eyes confused.
speaker_heading: HORMAN .
dialog: I made a fool our of mysal.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: (deeply touched)
dialog: Is's okay, You eried.
text: Purdy's-a scep behind, about to run out of breach.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: (apologetically)
dialog: You have to appreciace chat
dialog: this isn'c che only case we're
text: working on.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: It's the only case I’m concerned
dialog: whieh,
dialog: 78
dialog: al.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: You and a lee of people.
text: Horman flashes him a look over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: We've vaceived an extraordinary
dialog: number of cables from Washington.
dialog: What kind of 'in' do you have up
dialog: there, anyway? .
speaker_heading: R EORMAN
dialog: without Looking
dialog: back)
dialog: I'm an American citizen.
text: They reach the bottom of the stairs. Purdy slows.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTIAN SCIENCE READING ROOM = DAY 78
text: Below a wall portraie of Mary Baker Eddy, an elderly
text: woman stands behind 2 couter crammed with religious
text: literature. Horman is che only person seated at one
text: of the many small desks lining two walls of an adjoin-
text: ing room. He is reading his Bible. ‘The quiet is
text: broken occasionally by the CRACK OF DISTANT THUNDER
text: 4 preppy YOUNG MAN in a vain-spattered chino suit an-
text: ters. He heads directly coward Horman. He clears
text: his throat.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: I'm Dave McNally. From the
dialog: Consulate.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Be right with you.
text: McNally cases the joins, glancing at zeligious para-
dialog: 1
text: Phernalia crowding the tables. Then Horman Stands up.
speaker_heading: MeNALLY
dialog: All sec?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: No. Bue let's get te over with,
text: There's a change in Horman, now. His determination
dialog: is more apparent, mere aggressive, less polite or
dialog: compromising.
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: al
dialog: _ 82,
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE READING ROOM - DAY 79
text: In a driving rainstorm, Horman and MeNally race to a
text: white Chavrelec, whose doors have been opened by Bech.
text: Beth is in back, Horman up front. McNally starts the
dialog: engine.
speaker_heading: MeNALLY
dialog: If you don't mind me asking...
dialog: what's Chriseian Science about?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Ic's about faich. Having faith.
dialog: In whac? =
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: In... im everything.
text: McNally nods as if he understands.
speaker_heading: MeNALLY
dialog: Well, where do wa start?
text: Horman opens his briefcase, fishing out a cicy map.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I've listed the hospicals in
dialog: geographic order. We'll start
dialog: with St. Ann's --
speaker_heading: MeNALLY
dialog: I's on Avenue Ruiz.
text: He pulls away from the curd.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET 80
text: Up che block, the driver of a dark sedan occupied by
text: three men swings out into traffic behind the Chevy.
text: And follows at a discreet distance.
scene_heading: INT. SERIES OF HOSPITAL WARDS - DAY: 81
text: Horman, McNally, Bech and a middle-aged WOMAN in a
text: white doctor's jacket. Horman shows the Polaroid
dialog: Piccure of Charlie. Buc it’s useless. ‘The photo
text: elicits a single response from everybody: a nega-
text: sive shake of the head.
dialog: 82
dialog: a3
dialog: 84
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: McNALLY
dialog: (to Woman)
dialog: Ts that it?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Yes, except for Los Pardidos.
dialog: The ones with no names.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
text: Below, in the basement.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT WARD - DAY 82
text: The "no names" are a Sei ghteningly disoriented group.
text: Some are saverely injured, others ambulatory.
text: McNally and the Woman wait at the door while Horman
text: and Bech enter the ward. Horman holds the photograph
text: absently againse his chesc, trying to select a pacienc
text: he might question. Beth floacs away from him in a
text: peculiarly indecisive agony. [c's as if Charles, his
text: suffering, and her own Suffering during this Kafka-
text: esque odyssey after her phantom husband, are cruelly
text: realized in the unremiccing anguish of these broken
dialog: citizens.
text: Withour a word, they recur slowly to McNally and che
dialog: Woman,
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER HOSPITAL - Day 83
text: Another negative shake of the head ac Charles's photo.
dialog: And it's seill raining.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. A MENTAL HOSPITAL - LATE AFTERNOON a4
text: The insticucion is located on the bank cf a rain-
text: swollen river.
text: The interior is dark and grim and very gothic. The
text: rooms are tiny -- virtually wichour furnicure -- and
text: lit by a naked bulb -- Gas cing down a glaring Light
text: that accentuates the haunted faces of the inmates.
text: Horman, Beth and McNally go from room tc room, accou-
text: panied by a stubby lictle man.
dialog: as
dialog: 36
dialog: * 84,
text: Men lie about on filthy straw mactresses. Some of
text: them ate conscious, some catatonic, but none of them
dialog: is Charlie.
text: In one room Horman's eyes are drawn to a bearded
text: YOUNG MAN who appears to be saner. Rorman steps over
text: to him. The Foung Man pulls back. Horman puts his
text: hand on his shoulder in a gesture of friendship. The
text: Young Man squirms away.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (in whispered Spanish)
dialog: Go away... go ‘way... nol!
text: Horman leans down close to him.
dialog: (Low)
dialog: Waae is it, son?
text: The Young Man's eyes dart around the room, then back
dialog: to Horman.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Leave me -- go... por favor!
text: Horman rises. The Young Man cocks his head, gesturing
dialog: for Horman to move on.
text: A large dayroom where a dozen or so inmates are roam-
dialog: ing around. There's something going on in here --
text: A gnowish lictle MAN is standing at che windew, Look-
text: ing down on the river. Suddenly his face lights up
text: and he giggles, shouting.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: . Un otre! Un otra!
text: The other patients rush towards him. Horman and Bech
text: look down at the river.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIVER 85
text: The corpse of a man is floating past in the swift cur-
text: rent -- one atm frozen in death above his head. Beth
text: stares at the river. Horman steadies her. The
text: inmates press forward, bubbling with delighc.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL EMERGENCY WARD - Day 86
text: The room stinks with crippled humanity, horrendous
text: cacophony.
dialog: a5.
text: Horman and Beth stand at the entrance while McNally
text: queries a nurse at ab.g. desk.
text: A soldier enters, prodding an injured woman along with
text: his rifle. Passing Bech, the woman trips and collapses.
text: Beth dreps instinctively to one knee, and starts to
text: scoop her arms beneath the woman. But the soldier
text: thrusts his gum between them, jamming the sight into
text: Beth's shoulder, Before Beth can react, Horman lunges,
text: gtabs the gun barrel, and yanks ic away. The soldier.
text: jerks back on his weapon, and he and Horman lock eyes,
text: Ed still holding on,
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ed... don's do anything.
text: McNally and che nurse rush over.
speaker_heading: MeNALLY
dialog: Hold it!
dialog: (to soldier, in
dialog: Spanish)
text: He's a lictle disturbed, but
dialog: harmless. Forgive him!
text: and he backs Horman off while che nurse further
text: placates che soldier.
speaker_heading: McNALLY
dialog: (to Herman)
dialog: Waoat the hell is the matter wich
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (to Beth; danger-
dialog: ously intense)
dialog: ate you okay?
text: She nods, shocked by his passion. Hornman glares back
text: at the soldier.
speaker_heading: McNALLY
dialog: (scared and angry)
dialog: The next time-you pull a seunt
dialog: like thar, they'll blow your
dialog: stupid head off.
text: Horman feels, and looks, Like bunched, indestructible
text: steels With his head, he indicaces the b.g. nurses’
dialog: starion.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What did they say?
dialog: 87
dialog: 8a
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: MeNALLY
dialog: None of their 'no names’ matches
text: up physically to Charles’
dialog: description.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Then let's gee cut of here.
scene_heading: EXT, HOSPITAL GROUNDS AND STREET 87
text: Seill ra - Horman aoves swiftly, chree steps
text: ahead of Beth. She catches up to him as McNally,
text: in b.g., arrives at his car.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: : BORMAN
dialog: You go back without me. I wane
dialog: to walk.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Tc's dangerous. You don't know
dialog: your way around.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I'LL find a cab -- don'e worry.
dialog: I need che fresh air.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I'm coming with you. I'll cell
text: McNally.
text: While Horman continues to walk forward into the BACK-
text: TRACKING CAMERA, Beth rums back to che raceding
text: Chevrolet, speaks to McNally, chen starts returning
text: to Horman. He stops, wichour turning, and waits.
text: When she catches up, he starts walking again. Hands
text: in her coar pockets, thoroughly drenched, Beth falls
text: into step beside hin.
scene_heading: EXT. EXPLANADE BESIDE RIVER - DAY 88
text: Ed Horman and Beth cross the street to 4 wide, ctree-
text: shaded walkway with benches and a stone wall. Beyond
text: it, amd below, rums the river.
text: They hale at che wall. Rain has slackened into a sofs
text: misc. Beth stoops, absencly gathering some pebbles.
text: She begins co dreamily chrow them into the watar. For
dialog: whatever reason, suddanly chere's an air of poignancy
text: and forgiveness. They begin laccing down their guards.
speaker_heading: HORMAN .
dialog: He used to drive me crazy when
dialog: he was little, out on Cape Cod,
text: walking up and down the beach,
text: throwing things into the water,
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: He still loves to.
text: Horman smiles timidly. It's. been a while since they
dialog: have had an actual break.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: What do you suppose they are
dialog: going right now? Up om old Cape
dialog: Code...?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
text: The beaches are deserted. The
dialog: sumer houses are all boarded Up...
text: Wainmsically, she scarts reciciag an old Pacti Page song:
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: ‘LZ you're fond of sand dunes,
dialog: And salt sea air...'
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: BETR
dialog: I vemamber one summer, before we
dialog: got married, we were visiting
dialog: YOU guys. Around midnighe one
dialog: night we went down co che beach
dialog: to make our. ‘There was all chis
text: sparkly phosphorous in the
dialog: . breakers -- you know? The water
dialog: looked like ic was full of
text: fireflies. A man down the beach
dialog: a ways was listening to 2 Red
text: Sox baseball gama on 2 radio...
text: She imitates an announcer’s deep voice:
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: "Hiya, Neighbor. Have a Gansect...
dialog: They let that settle for 2 momenc. Then:
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What else does he like to do?
dialog: Charles.
text: Beth leans against the wall, gazing into the water.
dialog: 
dialog: a9
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I don'ts know. He Likes to
dialog: pretend he's a country-and-
dialog: western singer in the shower...
dialog: he has a terrible voice. He
dialog: likes to cook com beef hash
dialog: with an egg in it... and of
dialog: course, $ a star freak.
speaker_heading: RORMAN
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: A star freak.
dialog: (she Looks up ac
dialog: the sky)
dialog: He can going ouc all che
text: constallations in heaven.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I didn't know thar,
dialog: (her guazd
dialog: er rd en-
dialog: tirely daw)
dialog: He loves to make love on Sunday
dialog: mornings. In fact, he's a
dialog: regular sex maniac.
dialog: (she chuckles
dialog: happily)
dialog: Did you know chac?
text: Her sexual openness strikes the wrong chord in Ed.
dialog: 4nd, despite himself:
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I don't chink I need co hear .
dialog: about your bedroom antics...
text: Beth is inscantly demolished.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: (small, very hurt
dialog: voice
dialog: Aw, shit, Ed...
text: The mood is destroyed... and they are both dismayed
dialog: that ic happened.
scene_heading: INT. FILM ANIMATION FIRM - pay 89
text: The main salon of a formerly grand villa has been con-
text: verted into ehe office/studio.
dialog: 89.
text: Horman stands before a cork board, inspecting a photo
text: of Charlie and three other happily mugging young men.
text: All four wear "SUNSHINE GRABBER" T-shirts. Pinned
text: above the photo are Xeroxes of Charlie's drawings of
text: the rabbic-duck and other characters for that flim.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Believe me, sir. Your son is no
dialog: revolutionary.
text: Horman looks away from the photo to a cheerful, heavy-
text: set MAN, 30, seated ac a makeshift animation table.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: How do you know, Silvio?
speaker_heading: SILVIO
dialog: He choughc the revolurion ended
dialog: when the people had enough to
text: @at and a reof over their heads.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What's wrong with chart?
speaker_heading: STLVIO
dialog: (didactic)
text: The cows are also well fed and
dialog: 1 . e@ a.
dialog: wieteice, even ravolutionary
text: violence, is fascisc.
text: Rorman agrees. He can's understand how it sould be
dialog: otherwise.
speaker_heading: SILVIO
dialog: Te's the Christian morals.
dialog: (simp °
dialog: s y
dialog: I'm a Christian.
text: Silvio looks at Beth. He would have liked to be told
dialog: before. .
speaker_heading: SILVIO
dialog: You ara not going to believe che
text: bullshic leftists posing as
dialog: soldiers picked him up?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Ne.
text: Silvio exaggerates his SatisZaction. Horman ponders
text: chat a moment, then addresses another person:
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What made you go into hiding? -
text: Beth sits on a sofa, next to Maria, the grieving prag-
text: nant girl. Her tears have been replaced with a smile.
text: She beams up at a YOUNG MAN perched on the sofa arn.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: I knew they would pick me up.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What had you done?
text: Silvio sets down his pencil.
speaker_heading: STLVIO
dialog: Americans! They always assume
dialog: you must do something before you
dialog: can be arrasted.
speaker_heading: HORMAN:
dialog: Isn's that how ic usually works?
speaker_heading: STLVIO
dialog: Mz. Horman, around here, nowadays,
dialog: you can be arrasted for picking
dialog: your nose on Tuesday.
text: Maria gives a strange little snort.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Te's crazy, Charley being
dialog: arrested by chem... when some
dialog: people even thought he was Cla.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (justifies herself)
dialog: You know Charlie was always
dialog: asking questions and writing
dialog: everything down.
speaker_heading: STLVIO
dialog: I've wamed hin.
text: Horman looks ar them puzzled.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (to Silvie)
dialog: and?...
speaker_heading: STLVIO
dialog: He just laughed... and took a
dialog: nota.
dialog: 91
dialog: 91.
text: Horman smiles to himself. Silvio's line has broken
text: the tension. He could like this man. Maria turns to
dialog: Beth.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: He will come back, Beth. Just
dialog: as Carlos has. You'll see!
text: Bech stares at her -- wanting very much to believe ic.
scene_heading: INT. A DESERTED CONCRETE CORRIDOR 90
text: Purdy. Ray Davis, Beth, and Ed Korman are walking
text: briskly down the gloomy corridor.
scene_heading: INT. A WINDOWLESS OFFICE 91
text: 4 UNIFORMED MAN hovers over Horman as he leafs through
text: @ stack of official forms. Beth is off to one side,
text: waiting. In an outer office, Purdy and Davis confer
text: with another officer.
text: Among the forms are ones for Joseph Dorerty, Jim Dicter,
text: David Holloway. Horman leafs through the entire pile,
text: then looks up at Espinoza.
speaker_heading: ’ HORMAN
dialog: This is all of chem, Colonel?
speaker_heading: ESPINOZA
dialog: (cordially)
dialog: Yes. One form for each prisoner
dialog: who was held and then released.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: But none for ay son.
speaker_heading: ESPINOZA
dialog: That means he was never here --
dialog: But come, and check for yoursalf,
dialog: Mr. Horman.
text: Rising, Horman points to the forms.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: T thoughe Frank Teruggi was
dialog: released.
speaker_heading: ESPINOZA
dialog: Who?
dialog: 92
dialog: "92,
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Teruggi -- the man arrested wich
dialog: David Holloway. But there's no
dialog: velease form here.
speaker_heading: ESPINOZA
dialog: I'm sorry, but I do not recall
dialog: the name.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STADIUM - DAY 92
text: 4 bright sun beats down om the stands where thousands
text: of prisoners are scattered, guarded by a hundred
dialog: $0 zs.
text: Borman, Beth, Purdy and Davis are in che empty playing
text: fteld. Espinoza is at a microphone in front of then,
text: addressing the prisoners in Spanish.
dialog: Introduction over, Espinoza Passes che mike co Horman.
text: For a long deathly-quiec moment, blinking his eyes in
text: the cruel sunlight, Ed tries cto formulace words. all
text: the prisoners are attentive. A sea gull flies over
text: che stadium. Horman's lips quiver, he wipes his brow.
dialog: Bue how to begin?
text: Beth steps forward, touching his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Are you all right?
text: He nods. Yeo his face is tormented, his brow heavily
dialog: furled. :
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: I don'c... I cam't seem... You
text: becter begin.
text: He hands her the microphone. Realizing Espinoza is
text: impatient, and they have to begin, she speaks:
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Charlie... this is Beth,
text: The statement echoes eerily across the stadium:
dialog: “"Char-leeleelee, thisisis is is Bethethetheth...”
dialog: Ie's embarrassing in a brutal way, but she muse con-
dialog: tinue.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: We're here to take you home.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (pause) .
dialog: Please come with us.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Nobody will hurt you anymore.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Please come out if you are
dialog: ag...
text: The weird echoes die away. No prisoners, no soldiers
dialog: have moved a milimecer,
text: Abruptly, Horman takes the mike. Now that she broke
text: the ice, he can do it. He speaks with a strange,
text: strained formality.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Charles Horman, this is your
dialog: father, Edward. I'a here in the
dialog: hope chat you can hear me. In
dialog: order that you may know who I am
dialog: and trust ma, [I’m going to
dialog: mention the names of several
dialog: friends from your past.
text: He checks with Purdy and Davis, who remain stoical,
text: avoiding his eyes.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: Roger Lipsey...
text: Pause. Intently, desparately, Ed's eyas search
text: through immobile clumps ef prisoners for a talltale
text: movement, a hand flung up, anything.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Orland Campbell...
dialog: Absolutely nothing. Yer ic's as if Horman is trying
dialog: to will his son inco life and atcendancea there. His
text: ears strain for a shour of recognicion.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Tom Vachon... .
text: That does it! A liccle flurry at the far end of the
text: Staditm. A figure breaks loose from a group of
text: prisoners, and begins to run forward, coward Horman.
text: He cums in a distinctly disjoinced way, his arms and
text: legs flapping all over, reminiscence of that time we
text: saw Charley in Vina, running with Terry co catch a bus.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: is's him...
dialog: 93
dialog: 94,
text: Beth has been peering at the runner. Now she cries:
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: No it's not!
text: Buc he won't hear. So she cakes off after him. Ed
text: almost stumbles and falls between rows, but catches
text: himself in cime.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: Charles! Charles!
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: No, Ed, it's not hinl
text: He makes it down and stumbles over 2 concrete barrier
text: omto a track surrounding the playing field. At the
text: same time, 2 soldier brandishes his rifle to halt the
text: running fellow who is close enough for Horman to
dialog: realize kis atstake.
text: The Man puffs to a hale juse in frone of Horman. His
text: crazed, grief-strickan eyes flicker confusedly over
text: Ed's face. Then he raisas his fist angrily, and, in
text: heavily-accented English:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: My facher can'c come here...
dialog: but how abouc some ice cream
dialog: with my dinner, Colonal Espinoza?
text: Nobody moves. HOLD ic... then:
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE NATIONAL STADIUM 93
text: Everyone else has already encared Purdy's Buick. But
text: Horman carries at his open door, Stating.over the roof
text: of the car at the stadium.
speaker_heading: BETH'S VOICE
dialog: Ed, come on. Let's go.
text: He doesn't raspond, wable to tear his eyes from char
dialog: edifice, .
dialog: Then finally:
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: d)
dialog: (daze:
dialog: Waat do they do in there? In
dialog: normal times?
dialog: 94
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: BETH'S VOICE
dialog: They play fucbol.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Football? :
speaker_heading: BETH'S VOICE
dialog: Tc's actually soccer. But here
dialog: they call soccer furbol.
dialog: Beat. Then:
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (bitter and mean)
dialog: You know something? I'm really
dialog: - beginning to fall in love with
dialog: this little cowmery.
text: He lowers himself into the car.
scene_heading: INT. AN OFFICE - Day 94
text: Horman, Bech, and Kate Reese stand in a quiet, dimly-
text: lit room. Behind them is a "VISIT ITALIA!" wall -
dialog: poster.
text: 4 MAN, urban and diplomatic, carefully scrutinizes
text: Ed and Beth's passports. He compares their faces
dialog: to the photos, making absolutely sure of their
text: identities. Reese leans forward. She gestures at
text: Borman and Beth and she speaks Italian first then:
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Seriously. Do chey Look Like
dialog: assassins?
text: The Man hesicaces, his eyes evaluating Horman and
text: Beth one more time. Finally, he nods, returning the
dialog: Passports. ,
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (to Horman)
dialog: You must remember, ha is a
dialog: desperate man. For his sake,
dialog: do not repeat whac he tells you.
dialog: WIDENING, we discover the reason for all this caution.
text: Dozens of mostly male refugees sleep on the office
text: floor. Horman and the cchers thread through these
text: people, leaving the office.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. A CORRIDOR 95
text: More refugees clutter the floor, or stand in long
text: lines awaicing food or the use of Sanitary facilicies.
dialog: Every available space is occupied. °
text: The Man Leads them dow a scairvell.
scene_heading: INT. LUTZ'S OFFICE - NIGHT 96
text: It's a huge room featuring tall colums, marble
text: walls, sinister dark shadows. A MAN, dressed in
text: khaki and general's braid, holds forth from behind
text: a desk. Another OFFICER, a colonel, stands across
text: from him, next to a third MAN in a civilian suit.
text: A fourth MAN in che b.g. is visible, buc wuidenci-
text: fiable. Dressed in a windbreaker, he wears ais
dialog: hair gut shore in the style of other Americans we've
dialog: seen so far.
speaker_heading: A MAN'S VOICE
dialog: There were four of them in
dialog: Lutz's office: che General,
dialog: of course -- A Colonel -- and
dialog: my friend, who told me of this
text: ++. and the Amarican.
speaker_heading: BETH (V.0.)
dialog: You mean the prisoner?
speaker_heading: MAN (V.0.)
dialog: No, no...
text: Beyond @ far doorway, in an adjoining ‘room, we see
text: the dim outline of a YOUNG MAN slumped in a straight-
text: back chair, arms tied behiad hin.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.0.)
dialog: + Be was in the next room.
speaker_heading: HORMAN (V.0.)
dialog: Was he alive?
scene_heading: INT. A BASEMENT STOREROOM - DAY 97
text: The small, dark room is jammed with cast-off fumi-
text: tura, bales of papers, official records. A fortyish
text: blonde WOMAN mending a blouse occupies the only
text: chair. A YOUNG 20Y lies on a cot, reading a Spider-
dialog: man comic.
dialog: 97.
text: Near the door, Horman, Beth and Reese are talking to
text: a chin, wiry little MAN who projects both cocky concrol
text: and ‘explosive tension.
dialog: Horman asked if his son were alive:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: More or lass.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Waat does that mean, ‘more ot
dialog: less'?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I'm only telling you what I heard.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Well, what the hell does ‘more or
dialog: less' mean?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Apparently, he had been... roughed
text: up during interrogation.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: How badly?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I don'c know, I wasn't there.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Your ‘friend’ was.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: y agra friend. Mr. Horman.
dialog: labo $ regime is ay
dialog: friend any Longer.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: All right. Whe was the American
dialog: officer in thar room?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Wao knows? The Ministry is full
dialog: of them. Their Milgroup office
text: is just down the hall from the
dialog: General. Even at chree a.n.,
dialog: there’ $s always an American on
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: (to Beth)
dialog: Milgroup -- is that Davis's bunch?
text: She nods.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Did they call the prisoner by
dialog: name? .
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Horsman?...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Horman?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Maybe... If I had been there, I
dialog: would know for certain.
text: He smiles confidencly at Horman.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: After all, I am an Honor
dialog: Graduate of your Police Academy
dialog: in Washington. -
dialog: That's queer news to Horman.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: T like America. There, it is
dialog: mere democratic. Someday I hope
dialog: ta o=
dialog: Paris, please.
text: The Man shuts up with a slightly humorous, apologetic
dialog: gesture. :
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Tell them what Lutz said abour
dialog: the prisoner.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Who is Lutz?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: The head of the ‘local’ version
dialog: of the CIA.
speaker_heading: PARIS
dialog: He said the man must ‘disappear.’
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: For God's sake, why?
speaker_heading: PARIS
dialog: "Re knew too much.'
dialog: 99.
dialog: About what?
dialog: (arent
dialog: 3 s
dialog: Tt don't \nowe Bue galy fev.
dialog: ve jortant people have been
dialog: dacaine ac the tiaiscoy of Defense.
dialog: Most of them were killed shortly
dialog: after interrogation.
text: Horman pushes ahead quickly, avoiding the implications
dialog: of that. .
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: So what happened then?
speaker_heading: PaRrIs
text: They drove him back to the stadium.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Buc how could you order an American
dialog: to disappear without contacting the
dialog: American authorities first?
speaker_heading: PARIS
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: 2 did nce order his disappearance.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I didn't mean you personally...
speaker_heading: PARIS
dialog: Listen. I'm a police officer, but
dialog: I am not a murderer. I incersogate,
dialog: Task questions, I seek clues. and
dialog: i happen to be damm good at my job.
dialog: It'g a rough job, and I'm noe a
dialog: soft man. But I am not either a
dialog: butcher. I have always played fair.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: We widerstand all thac. But -- .
speaker_heading: PARIS
dialog: T have worked now for many different
dialog: overmments. Some, their politics
dialog: agreed with, others not so auch.
dialog: But that never got in their way or
dialog: mine... util now. I cannor work
dialog: for these Nazis. Do you understand?
speaker_heading: REESE.
dialog: Yas, all rightc...
dialog: 98
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: PARIS
dialog: They are deser » in just 2 few
dialog: weeks, everything Shas was beautiful
dialog: about this country. :
text: His passion creates a momentary pause.
speaker_heading: - REESE
dialog: What we need to know is: Could
dialog: ovder an American to disappear
dialog: without first checking with the
dialog: Americans?
speaker_heading: PARTS
dialog: They wouldn't dare.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: How can I verify all this?
speaker_heading: PARIS
dialog: (zesponding to naivete
dialog: of question)
dialog: You could ask General Lutz.
dialog: When Horman reacts to that, Parts makes &@ garish, malo-
text: dramatic, comical gesture of helplessness.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN EMBassy . Day 98
text: 4 taxi at che curb features Beth in the front, Reese
text: in che back seat. Horman stands outside, gazing coward
text: the Embassy garden where hundreds of refugee women and
text: children circulate around numerous cents and Makeshife
text: Isanctos. Smoke from cooking fires drifcs up through
dialog: @ Crees.
text: Entering the raar Seat, Horman gestures ac the garden.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: How come there's no men cutside?
text: Reese points ac a commercial building roof across the
text: streec where three men in One-way sunglasses lean
dialog: against che Parapet. No arms in si it, yet they are
text: very sinister, and Horman understan immediately.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Oh.
text: ‘The driver shifts into gear, and pulls away.
text: A van with cwo men inside has bean parked across from
text: che Embassy. as the taxi departs, the van's driver
text: executes a fast U-curn and follows it.
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: INT. TaXI - Day 99
speaker_heading: HORMAN .
dialog: Do you think that prisoner in the
dialog: other room was Charles?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: No. What could Charles possibly
dialog: know important enough to be there?
speaker_heading: ETH
dialog: Maybe i's what he discovered in
dialog: Vina.
dialog: (Low)
dialog: You said he took notes?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (somewhat indifferent)
dialog: De you still have chem?
dialog: 8
dialog: At the hocel.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET AHEAD , 10a
text: Twe young men are feverishly defacing a wall with spray
dialog: paint:
scene_heading: PINOCH ----~ ASSASSIN
text: as they design the lasc letters, a jaep veers around a
text: corner and skids to a stop. an Officer jumps our,
text: shout: at the men. They drop their spray cans and
text: Start fleeing, each in a differant direction. The
text: Officer draws his .45 and FIRES at them. At the same
text: cime he commands his gunner to man che jeep's .50
text: caliber machine gum. The gunner swivels the fifty and
text: begins pumping shells into the wall, licerally BLASTING
text: the message to bits.
text: The Cabbie slams on the brakes and the car SQUEALS to
text: a stop. The tailing van. ducks into a Paxking place
dialog: -@t the curb.
text: The four of them gawk through the windshield as the two
text: sloganeers escape. And the gumer DISINTEGRATES che
dialog: grarfici.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: ' Jesus...
text: Something snaps in Horman. All of a sudden he kicks open
text: his door and starts to scramble out of the car.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ed!
text: Horman has just cleared the door, when Reese grabs his
text: sleeve. He bumps back against the taxi as the front
text: passenger door opens and Beth jumps out, bars his way,
text: grabs his shoulder.
speaker_heading: REESE , BETH
dialog: Me. Horman! (terrified)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: CaBBIE
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: Gec back in the car!
text: Beth shoves, Reese pulls, Horman loses his balance and
text: topples back inside.
text: Beth slams the rear door and swings inside, slamming her
text: door. The machine gunner in the b.g. steps.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: What ate you try: to do, gec
dialog: us killed? ins 8
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (livid, voice
dialog: incredibly strained)
dialog: I'm sorry, Buc.I'm beginning to
dialog: grow tired of all chis... shie
text: The Cabbie hangs a fast Uscurn, zooming off in the ocher
text: direction. The van driver loops around and continuas
text: his pursuic.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: What is it with you Hermans? You've
dialog: got a death wish?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I'm just tired.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I saw your son do almost che same
dialog: dumb thing...
text: Horman looks surprised for a moment, than speaks:
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: He did thac?
dialog: lol
dialog: 102
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I couldn'c believe ic.
text: Horman speaks with a mixture of bewilderment, surprise,
dialog: concern... even a little pride:
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: He's crazy.
scene_heading: INT. BETH'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT : 108
text: CLOSEUP on Reese, standing at a window with a drink --
text: neat, warm bourbon. Seth reads over the scene.
text: back to Santiago. Trip uneventful
dialog: aside roadblock incident detailed
dialog: page 12.'
text: Reese ponders a momenc, then turns away from the window.
text: Bech ts on the bed, Charles’ notabook in her lap.
text: Horman sits in front of a’table littered with the
text: vemains of a room-service dinner for three.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Davis drove them back?
text: Beth nods. Suddenly, Reese bend over tha notebooks,
dialog: checking.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Hmm...
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: What's that mean?
dialog: (ta Beth)
text: Ge back to where they mec Crater.
text: Beth starts to flip back through the notes.
scene_heading: INSERT: VINA HOTEL PORCH - DAY 102
text: Repeat FLASHBACK of Charlie and Terry first meeting
dialog: rater.
dialog: May I voreow ah if
dialog: iy orrow that ex ou're
dialog: 7 Pap: x
dialog: 103
dialog: 204,
speaker_heading: CRETER
dialog: (Laughs)
dialog: You'd do better to ask in English.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ray -- you're American!
speaker_heading: REESE'S VOICE
dialog: Skip ahead... to why he was there.
speaker_heading: CRETER
dialog: I'm with che Navy. We came down to
dialog: do a job and it's done.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Do you have any idea how long we'll
dialog: be stuck here in Vina?
speaker_heading: CRETER
dialog: --- A week! Don't worry, though.
dialog: The coup went very smoothly. You're
dialog: competely safe.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Was ic planned far in advance?
speaker_heading: ( 1 SPETER
dialog: Dees a bear shie im the woods?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Do you think the United States will
dialog: Tecognize the new government?
speaker_heading: CRETER
dialog: That's up to che politicians...
speaker_heading: BETH (V.0.)
text: ‘Rad-haired woman appeared edgy.
dialog: Cratar stopped calking. '
scene_heading: RESUME HOTEL ROGM 103
text: Sitting at 2 desk, Reese jats down a note.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Was it Creter who introduced them to
dialog: Ryan?
text: “Beth thumbs through the diary util she finds the
dialog: relevant entry.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: No, Charlie introduced himsels..,
dialog: 104
dialog: los.
scene_heading: VINA HOTEL LOBBY - DAY 104
speaker_heading: BETH (V.0.)
text: -+. the next day in che lobby.
text: Charlie is beside Terry on a couch, immersed in a japer.
dialog: Stevie Wonder's "You Are the Sunshine of My Lize" BOOMS
text: FROM A LOUDSPEAKER.
text: Tn full uniform, Ryan descends a staircase and goes to
text: the front desk. Spotting him, Charlie rises, tucks the
text: Paper under an arm, and walks over.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Colonel...
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (smiling broadly)
dialog: Well, hello there. What are you doing
dialog: in this neck of the woods?
speaker_heading: : CHARLIE
dialog: ‘My name is Charles Horman..:
text: While the two men shake hands:
speaker_heading: BETH (¥.0.)
dialog: ‘I explained we had come here for
dialog: one day and got stuck by the coup.'
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: You'll be here awhile. The roads
dialog: are closed.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What's happening in Santiago?
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: The milicary's doing search and
dialog: destroy missions. Juse Like in
dialog: Viarnam.
text: Charlie blanches.
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: There's bodies everywhere. It's a
dialog: royal mass.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How scon will the roads be open?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Right now, I don'c mow. Buc give
dialog: @e your recom number and I'll keep
dialog: you posted.
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 106.
text: Charlie makas 2 note on ¢ pad, as Ryan smiles cordially,
text: and retreats.
scene_heading: RESUME THE HOTEL ROOM - DAY : . . 105
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: "I'm terribly anxious about Beth..'
text: She is moved by the notes, Lancing up at Horman, who
text: isn't facing her. Then leafs through three pages of
dialog: incimate notes to:
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: ‘Next morning... Crater was sitting
text: in lobby with carton of Kents and
dialog: without Lady friend.’
text: Reese is now taking notes.
scene_heading: VINA HOTEL LOBBY - nay 106
text: Charlie locks anxious and disheveled as he hurries
text: through che lobby ahead of Terry.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hello. How's it going?
dialog: ' CRETER .
dialog: Can't complain. And yourself?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: T complain...
text: At che reception desk, he tries the phone -- but they
text: still aren't working. Meanwhile, Creter curs to
dialog: Terry.
speaker_heading: CRETER
dialog: Where are you going when you leava?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Peru, and Bolivia.
speaker_heading: CRETER
dialog: «+. V@ty pretty in Bolivia. o£
dialog: course, they have problems there
dialog: now, toc.
text: Charlie has returned.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, if they got problems, maybe
dialog: you'll be going there next.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CRETER
dialog: I know I'm going there next.
text: HOLD briefly on Charlie's surprised face.
dialog: ‘wh ald naval engine be doing
dialog: at wo a nava er oe
dialog: in Bolivia, one of evo’ land-Lockad
dialog: countries in Latin America?’
text: Ryan enters the lobby. Charlie perks up hopefully.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sir -- any news?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: So far, no - %QT£ Ll were you, I
dialog: wouldn's be sc°anxy ous to be there,
dialog: it ts a-real battle zone.
text: Charlie bangs his head in frightened frustration.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Why don'e you come with me? I kmow
dialog: where you can radio your parents ia
dialog: the United Scates and cell chen
dialog: you're safe.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I mow I'm safe. [c's my wife I'n
dialog: scared about.
scene_heading: 107 «INT. RYAN'S CAR - Day 107
text: Ryan, Charlie and Terry occupy the fronc seat. Ryan
text: asks Charlie to open his attache case. Charlie complies,
text: revealing a .38 caliber pistol atop papers marked
dialog: "Top Secret." .
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, do me @ favor -- don't go
dialog: over any bumps. All I need to
dialog: wake the day complete is a big
dialog: hole in uy- head...
text: Smiling, Ryan removes some Papers, closes che casa,
text: and scans the papers while driving and talking.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Do you mind if I ask a question?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Go ahead,
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How do you feel about chis coup?
dialog: 108,
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (without hesitation)
dialog: Very good. I've been in a lot of
dialog: frustrating situations before
dialog: this. I was in Key Wese waiting to
dialog: go in at the Say of Pigs. I'd even
dialog: taken advanced scuba courses for
dialog: the invasion. If Kennedy had provided
dialog: decent air cover and proper military
dialog: support ‘there, we never would have had
dialog: these problems here. After thar I
dialog: served three cours in Viecnam as a
dialog: Green Beret. Qur strategy over there
dialog: was lousy, toc. We should have just
dialog: gone in and wiped them out... .
text: Charlie and Terry exchange a very uncomfortable Look.
speaker_heading: BETH (V.0.)
dialog: "We arrived at home of Paul Eppley
dialog: where Naval Mission radio was
dialog: installed...'
scene_heading: 108 RESUME HOTEL CARRERA ROOM ° 108
dialog: te racaieg ea Ble cxcougs
dialog: le receive @ cable
dialog: Panama on September Léch._
text: Reese takes a note. Beth turns another diary page.
speaker_heading: BETS
text: ‘after radioing Dad, Ryan offared
dialog: GO avrange ride to Santiago with
dialog: Captain Ray Davis, USN, woo is
text: vaturning there with Herbert Thompson.’
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: And the next day chey came back.
dialog: cure
speaker_heading: PP @ page
dialog: Uk... yes... ‘September 15th. Checked
dialog: out of hotel and Ryan drove us his
dialog: e for quote, going away, unquote,
text: barbecue.
scene_heading: 109 _EXT./INT. RYAN'S HOUSE AND BACKYARD - DAY 109
text: A Large. twoestory house on a quiet street. Terry is
text: with four American WOMEN gathered around a table. At
text: a work countar, an Indian woman Prepares a salad.
dialog: log,
text: Kitchen shelves and counters display familiar brand names:
text: Ritz, Pepsi, Lux. We could be in Peoria as easily as Vina.
text: Thro! a window we see Charlie and Ryan at a barbecue
dialog: with four other MEN, voady whom have, an ueeting
dialog: military stamp. Everybody's cheer Jy Z
text: Sudvaletr (except Charlie, who smiles thinly, taking it
dialog: all ia).
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
dialog: Look ac that, for Christ's sake!
text: He's riffl. thro’ @ stack of 8xl0 black and white
text: photos, of the Presidential Palace.
dialog: t la FIRST Man
dialog: Mean, Say that's a pretty
dialog: sloppy rocket job.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: Hey, what do you expect? They
dialog: weren't even active pilots.
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: an glances from the barbecue 11 juste as Ray
text: Bavis® ears from around the side@oe the house. He
text: bequeathe to the Second Man his steak spatula.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Don't lee the animals burn, Harry.
text: Harry neds and continues the discussion.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Ol’ General Leigh didn't chink his
dialog: line guys could cut ic so he hired
text: four ex-jockays to fly the mission.
speaker_heading: TEIRD MAN
dialog: 4w, coma on, Harry!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: They were all retired from the Air
dialog: Force.
text: Charlie is more interested in the two men conderring
text: several zm away. Occasionally, Davis turns and oCks
text: over to » then back to Ryan. After 2 moment, they
text: ‘walk over co che barbecue where the others ec Davis
text: warmly. Clearly, he's ac che top of this hierarchy.
text: Ryam escorts him to Charlie.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Here's your chauffeur, Ray Davis...
dialog: Charlie Horman.
dialog: 110
dialog: 110.
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Pleased to meet you, Charlie.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Sir, 1£ you cae get me back to ny
dialog: wife, Tit personally award you the
dialog: Medal of Honor.
text: But Davis' manner remains cold, highly impersonal. He
text: sizes Charlie up in a very precise, calculating way...
scene_heading: RESUME HOTEL CARRERA ROOM ‘ 110
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Herb Thompson didn't tide back
dialog: with them’
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I guess not.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I wonder what Herb was doing there?
dialog: Who's he?
speaker_heading: REESE
text: The number two man in the Embassy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Se the boss cf Milg= and the
dialog: senior political officer boch happen
text: to be in Vina when the coup starts.
text: Wearily, Bech closes the notebook. Horman goes fo
text: Reese's desk, locking down at che noce pad. He
text: notices a number tattooed on her forearm. He looks at
text: her, shocked; she looks at him with a small, sad smile.
text: She reverses the pad for him. One note stands our,
dialog: underlined, We came down to do a job_and it's done!!!
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What do you think Creter meant
dialog: by that?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Obviously our Navy came down to
dialog: help out with che coup.
text: This time, Horman nods his head, taking her dead seriously.
dialog: ul
text: ambulances Lined up outside, roof
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Perhaps. Considering our track
dialog: record in Latin America...
text: She starts pacing, trying to put it all together.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Tf we weren't involved in the coup,
dialog: everything Charles saw in Vina means
dialog: poching. If we were involved, it
dialog: still doesn't mean much... but ic
dialog: could be significant. Or somebody
dialog: might think it was. At least enough
text: to take a Look at his jacket.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: ‘Jacket?’
speaker_heading: REESE
text: His tecord. There is a file on
dialog: every American national Li:
dialog: here. And if somebody reviewed chat
dialog: + and discovered he'd been working
dialog: for FIN... well, chat somebody might
dialog: conclude Charles was a guy they should
dialog: take a closer look at.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Dé you think that's whac actually
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Tt sounds very possible.
text: Horman tubs his brow, chen his eyes. He mums his fingers
text: through his hair.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Te doasn't look good, does it?
dialog: No, it doesn'c...
scene_heading: INT. A RECEPTION ROOM - pay . LLL
text: The place is toc dirty and cluttered for a hospital
text: waiting room. An serie soundlessness cranscribes the
text: Scene: death... on che air. oor ne. window we see
text: ts flashing.
text: Accompanied by a MAN in gra’ coveralls, MeNall:
text: approaches Horman and Been. 7
speaker_heading: McNALLY
dialog: tris okay. He's going to take us
dialog: 112
dialog: 112.
text: The Man opens a door, leading then downstairs toward
text: the basement.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT 112
text: The Man hes open heavy double doors, holding then
text: umtil they pass Taco a dark area. There, he veaches
text: up to throw a switch, and overhead neon lights flicker
text: on, revealing a long white room, lined on oth sides
text: with rows of corpses. A Second neon light, further
text: into the room, pops on, sipoging still more corpses.
text: Finally, yet another overhead light illuminates even
dialog: mote bodies.
text: Bech, Hormen and McNally reace similarly, shocked act
text: the sight of so many dead people.
speaker_heading: HO
dialog: (to Beth)
dialog: I think you should waie upstaizs.
text: Dismiss: the suggestion, she moves courageously past
dialog: hin tate eas room
text: The three of them begin locking over the dead bodies,
text: but the Man keeps on going. Then he stops, waving at
dialog: che corpses.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: No, no... these have all been
dialog: identified. Come this way.
text: They follow him through another double door at the far
text: and of the room, and the scene is repeated. Three nore
text: strings of overhead neon flicker on, garishly lighting
text: another room full of bodias,
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: These, too... they have all been
dialog: identified.
text: and they continue afcer him, passing into yet another
text: grisly storage area.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: The identities of these have not
dialog: yet been determined,
text: Homman and McNally begin walking down one side of the room,
text: Bech starts down the other side.
text: Beth passes from cotpse CO corpse, eyes studying che
text: lifeless faces. Most are young Chilean men, stain by
text: gumshots to the head and Upper torso.
dialog: 113
dialog: 113.
text: Their hands are mostly rough, calloused -- working men,
text: Peasants. Occasionally she spots the soft, white hands
dialog: of an intellectual.
text: McNally is several bodies ahead of Horman, toutinely
text: checking a photo of Charlie against the dead men.
text: Suddenly, from Beth, we hear a sickening gasp of recog-
dialog: nition.
dialog: (aimo: sens ring)
dialog: almost spe:
dialog: Oh God...
text: His head snaps around. He sees her standing over 2
text: corpse. He rushes over.
text: The bedy in frone of her is not his son.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: 
dialog: Wao is this?
dialog: Frank Teruggi.
text: Raising her face, she closes her eyes, and snarls in
text: desolate, frustrated, keel-hauled Tage:
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Jesus... Chrise... Almighty!
speaker_heading: McNALLY
dialog: Coma on, lac's get her out of here.
text: He grasps her am, but she flings his hand away angrily.
speaker_heading: Ge BETH bh a
dialog: © your cotton-pi. ands of
dialog: Of ma, mister! Pro ace leaving
dialog: this place wmril I'a through
dialog: searching for ay husband!
speaker_heading: McNALLY
dialog: Give me a hand, would you, Ed?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: You heard what she said...
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION ROOM AT MORGUE - Day 1
text: ‘Beth is huddled on a bench, exhausted. Horman stands
text: near her, shaken up. In the b.g., Purdy, McNally, and
text: two other Embassy es talk with an Army Major and
text: three uniformed Carabineros.
dialog: 114.
text: He looks over at Beth, then he walks over and slumps
text: down on the bench. He sits there, hunched over, rubbing
text: his eyes. Finally, he murmurs bleakly:
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: What kind of a world is this?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Wow... that's weird...
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Charlie once asked that question.
text: In exactly the same tone of voice
dialog: you just used.
dialog: (she shivers)
dialog: It's eerte.
speaker_heading: BO
dialog: When was chat?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: We were in Ecuador, Near us, an
dialog: Indian family. A mother, father,
text: three children. The whole family
dialog: was dying of tuberculosis.
text: ies @ painful memory. She-is silent for a moment.
dialog: en:
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: Charlie came to me with tears ia
dialog: his eyes, and he said: ‘What kind of
dialog: aworld is chis?’
text: Brief pause.
speaker_heading: : BETH
dialog: 4 few weeks later we arrived here
dialog: where health care was free, and
dialog: syerz child received a half licer
dialog: of milk a day. There were sidewalk
dialog: cafes, warm friend! pecple. Charlie
dialog: said, 'I love ic. This 4s where I
dialog: want to be...'
text: Purdy breaks away and crosses coward Korman and Bech.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Ie appears Ta: 4 was picked up
dialog: for a curfew violation, decained
text: in the scadium, then released.
dialog: 114
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Later that bight, Carabineros
text: found him dead on the street.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: How come the Scate Department told
dialog: we he had left che country?
speaker_heading: PuRDY
dialog: Probably some screw-up with Local
dialog: immigration.
scene_heading: INT. HORMAN'S HOTEL CARRERA ROOM - NIGHT . 114
text: Dressed in a robe, Ed is seated next to the bedside
text: table, talking on che phone. On the table is a Bible,
text: @ travel alarm chat reads 1:22, and a small framed
text: photograph of Elizabeth. His voice is drowsy wich
dialog: acigue.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: -. No, it's just chac every new
dialog: “Curm seams co lead us right back
dialog: to the beginning. We're going
dialog: around in circles. &
dialog: vaeceiver)
dialog: _ Elizabeth? Hallo? ... Yeah, that's
dialog: better. .
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes, cay so you too. I will.
dialog: --. God bless.
text: He hangs up, stares at che phone a moment, then lies
text: back on the bed, closing his eyes.
text: A few seconds pass. Then the phone starts to vibrate,
text: giving off 2 GING SOUND. Horman's eyes blink
text: en. to lift the receiver, he notices the
text: clock and the photo ara also qeprating. A SHARP
text: CRACK follows. And the room is jolted by the opening
text: tremor of an earthquake.
text: Horman sits up just as the second shock hits. He swings
text: “bis feet onto the floor and is about to tise...
text: He braces, awaiting the next jole. When it doesn't hic,
text: he rushes to the door and enters the hall.
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: INT, HALL 115
text: Bech is racing ouc through her door, pulling on a
text: robe. Other Soors bang open: panicky, inali-dressed
text: guests surge into the hallway. Then a big jole hits,
text: triggering SCREAMS and SHOUTS. Horman grabs Bech's
text: hand and they head for che staircase.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY 116
text: Pandemonium here. Disoriencted people stagger around
text: crying, hysterical. Perched on a chair, the night
text: R shouts alternately in Spanish -and English:
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Be calm! The hotel is earchquake-
dialog: proof! No need for alarm! You
dialog: are all safe...
text: But the next tooth-rattling giant tremor stampedes
text: guests toward che front door. Leaping off his chair,
text: Che Manager races to the exit, and cries to fighe back
text: the terrified crowd,
speaker_heading: : MANAGER
dialog: No, please... the curfew. Don't
dialog: go out!
text: Aman jostles him aside and shoulders open the decor,
text: dragging his wife and child curside. Others follow
text: into the night. The Manager pleads with che resc
dialog: mot to follaw.
speaker_heading: . MANAGER
dialog: You must not go outside. The
dialog: soldiers...
text: A BURST OF AUTOMATIC WEAPONS FIRE from outside. Than,
text: the first man out bangs into the deer, and he and his
text: family topple back into che Lobby, followed by the
dialog: others who escaped.
scene_heading: THE LOBBY MEZZANINE 117
text: Horman and Beth have descended to this level. A large
text: ‘window behind them looks down onto the street. MO
text: GUSFIRE. They rush to che window and lock down.
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET 118
text: People tumble out of their houses in panic. Soldiers
text: race up and down, waving rifles, shouting threats.
text: Terrified civilians in pajamas and bathrobes are
text: shouting back at them angrily. A soldier raises his
text: AR-16 and FIRES into the air. The civilians are: torn
text: between two terrors in a crazy, Catch-22 scene.
scene_heading: INT. MEZZANINE 119
text: Beth's fingers dig ince Horman's arm, and they lurch
text: away from the window, heading for a railing t
text: circles the upper level.
text: Everybody is rigid, poised, awaiting the next after-
text: shock. . Seconds tick by -- nothing happens. We hear
text: SHOTS again -- but from farther away.
text: The stillness is gradually broken. Snippets of
text: dialogue carey from the Lobby. Somebody Laughs
text: nervously. Slowly, things return to normal. Lights
text: in che upper level bar snap on. And in no time, 4
text: small gang crocps upstairs toward che bar.
text: Beth still grips Horman's arm. He gives her a fragile
text: smile. ¥, aware that she's been clinging.
text: tightly, Beth relaxes her hold. She's about to lac
text: go, when he touches her hand tenderly.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Ts's all right. I don'e
dialog: mind,
text: Beth shivers, brushing her head against his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Whew. Thank you...
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Do you want to go up?
speaker_heading: SETR
dialog: Not juse yee. I'm still crying
dialog: to ‘come iowa. '
text: Ed doesn’: get ic at first. Then he understands the
text: Play on words, and chuckles.
dialog: 120
dialog: 118.
text: It's starting to swing. A guest at the piano plays
text: Scoet Joplin’ Horman is drawn to the scene.
speaker_heading: HORMAN .
dialog: Do you feel like a drink?
text: She hesitates.
speaker_heading: HORMAN :
dialog: Might help you get back to
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: All vight. But noe in there.
text: Looking around, he spies cwo chairs at a small round
text: table a nearby alcove.
speaker_heading: HO
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: You go sic down What would
dialog: you a? .
speaker_heading: BETH
text: A triple shot of bourbon, neat,
text: with a vodka chaser.
text: He blinks: she chuckles sadly.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: T'm only joking. ... A glass of
dialog: white wine?
text: For a second, Bath watches nim walk coward the baz.
text: Then she heads for the alcove.
scene_heading: INT. ALCOVE - MINUTES LATER / 120
text: Horman arrives, placing two drinks on the table. He
text: settles opposite Beth. This is an awkward moment,
text: as each takes their glass in hand. There's a pressure
dialog: to offer a toast. Bur, given the circumstances, what
dialog: kind of toast could chey possibly suggest?
text: ‘Then Beth vaises het wine glass, extending it toward
dialog: her father-in-law.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ed...
text: He lifts his ow glass. They clink rims.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: L' chain.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: To life. Charlie and I always
dialog: say ic.
dialog: They drink.
text: Then a rude little aftershock brings them both to the
text: edge of their seats. They await, anxiously, but
dialog: there's no further disturbance... and they settle
text: back a litele.
text: His drink between his hands, gazing down into ic,
text: able to look up, Horman gathers the courage to
dialog: speak.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Beth, I owe you an apology.
text: She starts co shake her head softly.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: For a long time I have sold
dialog: you short... both of you. I
dialog: don't know why. I guess I'n
text: older... and scubbern.
text: He halts. Seill unable to look up.
text: ‘Beth stares straight ac him, her eyes wide open with
text: intense compassionate concern. She is very tired,
text: also deprassed.
dialog: And yet, in chis light, in this circumstance, liste
text: -to what this man is quietly and humbly saying to her,
text: she appears extraordinarily beauriful.,
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: In the past week, 2 feel as if
dialog: my heart has been ripped out of
text: my chest, and beaten to a pulp,
text: and then stuffed rudely back in
dialog: my body again.
text: Beth reaches, almost touching his hand.
speaker_heading: . BETH
dialog: Ed, it's all right.
text: He looks up.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I feel very guilty...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Charlie once cold me guile feelings
dialog: ave Like fear -- given us for
dialog: survival, not destruction.
text: After another pause, Ed speaks: quietly, passionately.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: For what it's worth, Beth, I think
dialog: you are one of tha most courageous
dialog: People I have ever mec.
text: Now tc's her turn to look down, biting her lips to
dialog: stop the tears.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: T mean it.
text: Sane nods, refusing to look up.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: Thay allow their feelings cto settle for a@ momenc.
text: When she is in control, Beth looks up.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Can I ask you a real hard question?
dialog: He nods: sure.
text: Bech gathers herself for a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: De you think he's dead?
text: His eyes flicker away. In turmoil, he sips his drink.
dialog: lai.
speaker_heading: BORMAN )
dialog: (va; y evasive
dialog: I don't enews :
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (gently)
dialog: But that’s not how you feel, is
dialog: it?
text: ‘Slowly, Horman shakes his head. He looks very close
text: to defeated. Then, after a while, in « truly weary
text: voice, he changes the subject:
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I spoke with Elizabeth tonight.
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: And...2
speaker_heading: EORMAN
dialog: She talked with somebody ac che
dialog: Ford Foundation today. They chink
dialog: we should contact Peter Tell. The:
dialog: * man who heads up their office here.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: De you mind if f skip chat one?
text: They lift their nearly emty glasses to each other
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: --. I guess you kids love each
dialog: other. .
speaker_heading: BETE
dialog: Very much.
text: We see in his ayes, suddenly, an apprehension for her
dialog: ++» if Charles should be dead.
scene_heading: 121 INT. RECEPTION ROOM - FoRD FOUNDATION - DaY 121
text: : A tiddle-aged WOMAN looking PAST CAMERA shakes her
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'm very sorry, siz, but Mr. Tall
dialog: : is out of the country cill Monday.
text: Horman stands across a desk from the Woman. On the
text: wall behind her glicters a huge brass Ford Foundacion
text: Plaque. 4 door opens and a young MAN appears, asking
dialog: poliraly:
dialog: 122
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Can I be of ‘any help?
speaker_heading: HORMAN :
dialog: No. Iwas just paying a courtesy
dialog: call on Mr. Tell.
text: Suddenly interested, the young Man sticks out his hand.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You're Me. Horman, aren't you?
text: Nodding yes, Horman shakes hands yet one more tim,
text: very mechanically.
speaker_heading: . MAN
dialog: Peter Jarvin. I'm an economic
dialog: advisor with the Foundation.
dialog: Would you come with me for a moment?
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: Tt deon's want to bother...
speaker_heading: JARVIN
dialog: Te's no bother. Please.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: ALL right.
text: Jarvin walks off, and Ed follows. at the end of the
text: hall, Jarvin opens « door, ushering Horman through it.
scene_heading: INT. A CONFERENCE ROOM 122
text: The large, panelled room is dominated by an enormous
text: oval cable surrounded by tan chairs. Jarvia points
dialog: toa .
speaker_heading: JARVIN
dialog: Please. Have a seat.
text: Horman gaze. Jatvin plants a hip on the edge of the
text: table, looking down at him.
speaker_heading: JARVIN
dialog: I have a friend I play tennis with.
dialog: I won't identify him except to say
dialog: that he works for an English-
dialog: speaking embassy here, and is close
dialog: So someone with good contacts in the
dialog: military.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He thinks your son was executed in
dialog: the National Stadium on September 20th.
dialog: 123.
text: A tiny rush of air escapes Horman's lips. He sits
text: there for a long moment then checks the date window
text: on his wrist watch, .
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: (bewllderedly)
dialog: That was almost a month ago.
text: Jarvin nods.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: Can I speak with your friend? or
dialog: with his contact? :
speaker_heading: JARVIN
dialog: I'm afraid net. Thesa are very
dialog: dangerous times.
text: Suddenly, Horman’s ayes grow sharp and urgent. He
text: vealizes that if he doesn't grab this opportumicy,
dialog: he may never have another one like it. And his words
text: spill out in a rush as his whole demeancr, as every
text: molecule in his body, positively aches for a break:
dialog: r'ut wh at,
dialog: go anywhere. In any way.
dialog: You can take me blindfolded with
dialog: my hands tied behind my back!
speaker_heading: JARVIN
dialog: Iecan'e do thar. I'a sorry.
text: Standing, he walks to the window.
speaker_heading: JARVIN
dialog: I probably should nor even have
dialog: told you.
text: Horman gecs up shakily, peering at Jarvin, who's
text: silhouetted against the light.
speaker_heading: JARVIN
dialog: This is a terrible tragedy.
dialog: Wich all the controlled intensity and conviction and
text: heart he can muster, Horman begs:
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Please. Just give me a name...
text: Buc the man's silence is absolute. Ed confronts chat,
text: blinking. He can'c accept it. But then he realizes
text: that Jarvin is giving him no choice at all. And so,
text: Sagging, he muse accept it.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 124,
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: ALL right... I understand. Thank
dialog: you for telling me.
text: He heads in the wrong direction for the door, corrects
text: his error, and walks out.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY 123
text: Horman stops, disoriented. Where is he, and why?
text: What should he do now? Befuddled, he gestures alp-
text: lessly, to nobody, in the deserted, shiny hallway.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. EMBASSY - HALL - Day 124
text: At his desk, Purdy is reading a copy of the Ocr, 21,
dialog: 1973 New York Times headlining Nixon's "Saturday Night
text: Massacre." Glancing up, he spots Horman passing in
text: the hall. Purdy hurries out.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Me. Horman...
text: Horman is moving with wounded Purpose toward the
text: Ambassador's suice. Purdy trots after him, catching
text: up at the Ambassador's door.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: T've been trying to call you all
dialog: morning.
text: Oh? Ed cocks his head.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: We've got some good news for you.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Whac is it? That my son was
dialog: exacuted in that stadium two days
dialog: after his arresc?
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Wko told you chat?
text: Horman opens the suite door, crosses to the Ambassador's
text: office, and enters, Purdy on Ais heels.
scene_heading: ‘INT, AMBASSADOR’S OFFICE 125
text: The Ambassador sits behind his cesk, Ray Davis is
dialog: nearby.
dialog: 125.
text: A rotund, middle-aged MAN in a rumpled blue suit is
text: seated across the desk The Ambassador smiles.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR .
dialog: 4h, good, Consul. You found him.
dialog: Purdy isn’t thac overjoyed about his find." In fact,
text: he plays the next minutes with a nervous frown, aware
text: of what is about to be said, and unable co warn the
dialog: others. .
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: i. Horman, this is Mr. Timothy
dialog: ss.
text: Ross starts to get up. But Horman looks very tense
text: and sort of lopsided, and he's obviously uniacerested
text: in amenities. So Ross slumps back down.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Me. Ross is a journalise with good
dialog: access to left-wing circles down
dialog: here. and he's dug up some
dialog: interesting information about your
dialog: son.
text: Horman fixes the Ambassador with a strangely inex-
text: pressive eye, and makes no comment.
dialog: Ross
dialog: i believe that your son is alive
dialog: and well, Me. Horman.
text: Ed's expression doesn't change. But Purdy cringes.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Captain Davis asked me to inauire
dialog: about Charles' whereabouts. 1f
dialog: spoke with 2 guy wha's currently
dialog: getping Political refugees escape.
dialog: He told me his organization had
dialog: secured credentials for three
dialog: Americans to leave Santiago. and
dialog: one of them was your son.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: (flat, unemrional).
dialog: And where is he now?
speaker_heading: ROSS :
dialog: In the North. He sould be out of
text: the coumtry sometime next week.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Can I contact him?
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: No, I'm afraid not.
dialog: (smiles) .
dialog: Buc I'll lay odds he's home
dialog: New York before you are.
text: Horman studies Ross briefly. Then he locks eyes on
text: the Ambassador, and gestures at the journalist. His
text: voice, when he speaks. is calm, but ic projects
text: enormous, possibiy dangerous emotion.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Please. Get him cut of hers.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Mr. Hor--
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I said please.
dialog: Gsaiacing Davis
dialog: and the Ambassador)
dialog: T want to talk with you two. Alone.
text: For an instant, nobody quite knows what to do. Then
text: Ross starts to leave. Purdy begins following, stops,
text: and returns to Horman.
dialog: (Low)
dialog: I... L'Ll check your information
dialog: our.
text: Horman is unresponsive. Purdy backs away: and he and
text: Ross exit. When the door is closed, Ed speaks.
speaker_heading: HRORMAN
dialog: I have reason to believe cthac my
dialog: son has been killed by the
dialog: military. -
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (almost scoffing)
dialog: Where'd you hear that?
speaker_heading: EORMAN
dialog: And they wouldn't have dared to
dialog: kill him unless some American
dialog: official co-signed the kill order.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Ridiculous! We're here to protect
dialog: American citizens.
text: His words sowd patently hollow.
dialog: 127.
text: Horman wavers, frying to maintain his self-control,
text: staring at the assador. His lips quiver. He's
dialog: also aware that there's something terribly banal
dialog: ‘and useless in this conversation.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Mr. Horman, this mission has done
dialog: everything humanly possible to
dialog: locate your son.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I think you knew he was dead
dialog: right from the start. And I
dialog: was hunting 4... corpse.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Tf we knew, why wouldn't we tell
dialog: you?
text: Horman peers at hin, trying Rot just to penetrare
text: Ray's eyes, but to understand something about the
dialog: spiric that drives this kind of man.
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: I don't know the answer co chat.
dialog: But I am going te find our.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Why would we want him dead?
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Maybe because he knew about our
dialog: involvement in che coup.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: We're not involved, Mr. Horman.
dialog: Our position has been completaly
dialog: neutral.
text: Ed explodes.
speaker_heading: How RORMAN
dialog: can you say something that's
dialog: such a bald-faced lie, sir? You've
dialog: got naval engineers and amy
dialog: colonels in Vina del Mar! You've
dialog: got American milirary people
text: Practically running the Ministry
dialog: of Defense...
text: He sees then tolerating his outburse with absolute,
text: hard-assed, imperturbable calm. And Stops, astonished
text: at both Ris own fury... and their infinice indifference
dialog: co is.
text: He blinks. Bis face is squinched in disbelief.
dialog: 128.
dialog: HOLD it a beat. Then:
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR ,
dialog: ++. Please. Sit down.
text: No thanks. Horman opes instead to go to the picture
text: window overlooking the Embassy gardans. As he walks,
text: Ed staggers uncertainly a couple of times, but he
text: catches himself all right. @ Ambassador's eyes
text: follow him aeress the room.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: It's very obvious that you're
dialog: harboring some misconception
dialog: vegarding our role hera.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: What is your role? To support a
dialog: regime that orders thousands of
dialog: human beings?
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR.
dialog: Let's Level with each other, sir.
dialog: T£ you hadn't been personally
dialog: involved in this ufortunace
dialog: incident, you'd be sicting home,
dialog: complacenc and more or less
text: oblivious to all of this.
dialog: It's hard for Korman to argue with that.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: This mission -- is pledged to
dialog: protect Amarican interests. Our
dialog: iaterests, Mr. Korman!
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Not mine.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: There ara over three thousand U.S.
dialog: firms doing business here. And
dialog: those are American interests --
dialog: in other words, your interests.
text: Horman looks out upon the garden. He studies the
text: broad, manicured Lams, the neat, carefully-crimmed
text: shtubs. No refugees out there. ‘No tents, no fires,
dialog: no desperate women and children seeking protaction
text: and sametity. only a pretty, inescapable emptiness.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: T'm concerned with the preservation
dialog: of a way of lige,
dialog: 129,
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: And a dam good way of life at
dialog: that. ’
text: Horman flinches, remembering that he used that ex-
dialog: pression on Beth just a short while ago.
text: Then he indicates the expty garden: speaking half to
dialog: himself: .
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Maybe that's why thera's nobody
dialog: out there...
text: The Ambassador stands up, looking past him into the
text: garden. He mulls over the words... and gets the
dialog: Ressage.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: You can't have ic both ways.
text: Horman turns away from che window, facing the
dialog: Ambassador and Davis. [t appears he will speak...
dialog: but what else could he say? And to what avail?
text: So Horman crosses the wide room. Ac the door he
text: pauses, looking back at those two for che last cime.
text: He is beaten. They are implacable, veiled, serane.
text: Horman understands this more from theiz posture and
dialog: attitudes, than from anything else. For now they
text: are dark silhouettes against thac picture window
dialog: beautiful laws and garden areas that
text: Positively glimmer with controlled antiseptic radiance.
text: and then Davis adds an epilogue. His matter of fact
text: voice coming out of that faceless silhouette is extra-
text: ordinarily calm, almsc gentle. It seems to coma to
text: Horman out of an enormously placid, and yet also
dialog: profoudly evil draam:
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: I don't know what pened to your
dialog: kid, Ed. But I taderoeee he was
dialog: . @ snoop, who poked his nose inte a
dialog: lot of dangerous places he didn't
dialog: belong. Now... suppose I came up
dialog: to your town, New York, and started
dialog: messing around with the Mafia... and
text: wound up dead in the East River...
dialog: and my wife complained to the police
dialog: that they didn't Protecet me.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: She wouldn't have a case, would she?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You play with fire, you get burned...
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 130.
text: 4nd that's it. Absolute silence. The silhouettes
text: do not move. A butterfly flutters outside the picture
dialog: window .
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL CARRERA - DAY 126
text: A police car is parked at che curb, vooftop Light
text: flas . A taxl pulls up behind it. Horman descends
dialog: and h for the hotel,
text: About to push on the revolving door, Horman sees Bech
text: on the other side. She is flanked by two MEN.
text: One has @ grasp on her arm. The other is about co
text: push on the door. Horman grabs the handle, blocking
text: their exit. The Man leas his weighe against che
text: door, bur Horman struggles to keep it closed. After
text: a brief test of strength, che Man backs off, and
text: Horman pushes inside.
scene_heading: INT. SOTEL 127
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: All right, whar's going on here?
dialog: Both Men wnderstand instancly that this rather non-
text: descripc, exhausted, Slightly shabby American is in a
dialog: dangerous mood. :
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: They just want to ask me some
dialog: questions about Charlie.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Whe ara you?
scene_heading: MAN WITH MUSTACHE
dialog: T am Inspector Rojas. [I have
dialog: instructions to bring Mrs. Horman
text: adquarters.
dialog: to cur he
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: For whar?
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: Intesrogacion.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Oh no. You're noc taking her
dialog: anywhere.
text: He grabs Beth's hand, firmly leading her across the
text: goeby to the front desk. Rojas and che other man
dialog: ‘o .
dialog: 128
dialog: 131.
text: Horman picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Get me the American Consulate.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: What's wrong, Ed?
text: He shakes his head -- "nothing" -- obviously lying.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: What did they say at the Ford --
text: He holds up his hand, speaking very deliberately into
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: I wane Consul Purdy... My name
dialog: is Ed Horman.
dialog: . (pause)
dialog: Fred? There's a man named Rojas
dialog: here who's... what? Okay, juse
dialog: @ sec.
text: He delivers the phone to Rojas.
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: (very solicicous)
dialog: Yes, Consul Purdy:.. I underscand
dialog: --- Cattainly.., IL will do as you
dialog: say... Thank you.
dialog: Be veturns che phone to Homan.
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: Yes...? Why...? Okay, but if 2
dialog: have any trouble with these...
dialog: yeah, yeah, all right.
text: He hangs up.
dialog: Hi
dialog: (to Beth)
dialog: T'm going with you.
text: He takes her by the arm. They leave the hotal.
scene_heading: INT. INVESTIGATIONS HEADQUARTERS - Day 128
text: The interrogation room is a squalid intimidaring Little
text: cubicle. Beth waits in a straight back chair across a
text: scarred desk from Rojas. Herman stands behind her.
text: Rojas reels a form into his typewricer.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: (to Beth)
dialog: Name of missing person?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Look, I've gone through this a
dialog: dozen << .
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: Name of missing person.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Charles Horman.
text: Rojas punches our the name with two fingers.
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: - Address?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: 4126 Vicuna McKenna.
dialog: He types ir.
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: Date of disappearance?
dialog: 3
dialog: September 17ch.
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: Time of disappearance?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I'm not sure.
text: He looks up again.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: He was arrested that afternoon.
dialog: I dom't know exactly when.
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: Time unknown. Place of birth?
text: The door opens and the Man with Rojas at the Carrera
text: sticks in his head.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (te Rojas; Spanish)
text: Telephone call for Mr. Horman.
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: (te Horman)
dialog: You have a call, sir.
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133.
text: He points to the Man at the door.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
text: (squeezing Beth's .
dialog: s der,
dialog: I'LL be right back.
text: He leaves.
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: (to Beth)
dialog: Place of birth?
scene_heading: INT. A HALLWAY ~ DAY 129
text: Many people mill around. Most are relatives and
text: friends of people being interrogated. Their faces
text: are tensed anxiously. ANGRY SHOUTS come from one
text: room: a woman and a young girl outside the room
dialog: strain to hear through the iz.
text: Borman follows the Man into an office up the corsidor.
scene_heading: INT. THE OFFICE - pay 130
text: The Man points to a Phone lying on a counter. Horman
dialog: picks ic up. .
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Yes...?
scene_heading: INT. PURDY'S EMBASSY OFFICE - pay 131
text: Purdy is ac his desk, phone to his ear, facing Rav
dialog: Davis and Colonel Hon.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Bye tooked into that, aoe Ed.
dialog: © appears you were tc.
dialog: We've been informed that a body
dialog: has been oF naeseed through «
dialog: re-check of mor; a nes.
dialog: --. Yes, sir, tim atcalt te is...
dialog: Yes, he was buried on October 3rd...
speaker_heading: INTERCUT: 132
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Th a wall? I don't underscand.
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 134,
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: They do thae. [t's quite common
dialog: down here.
dialog: (pause) .
dialog: No sir, no question about ic.
dialog: Te's him,
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Were was he killed?... I see.
dialog: ++. Goodbye.
text: Horman hangs up, closes his eyes, and pinches the
text: bridge of his nose. Then he opens his ayes -- they
text: glisten with wetness. Slowly, heavily, he turns,
dialog: sae, tind no ome to say anything to, and Leaves the
dialog: office.
scene_heading: TNT. HALLWAY 133
text: Brow furrowed, lips pressed together, Horman begins
text: to thread down through that corridor of anxious people.
text: They part for him, or don't realize he's coming and
text: bump against him, saying “Perdoname.” Somathing
text: timeleas in Ed's face we haven't quite seen there
dialog: before. But we've seen it ofren the faces of the
text: people... at the National: Stadium, on the sidewalks,
dialog: this corridor. Now Horman and all these people
dialog: are kindred, .
text: He arrives at Rojas’ open door. The inspector is in
text: mid-sentence.
scene_heading: INT. ROJAS' OFFICE . 134
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: ++, his party, Mes. Horman? His
dialog: Political affiliation?
text: Bech sees Horman. He can't speak, and so he beckons
dialog: te come over.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: cat «Spat Hosen
text: With chat, his face cwists in anguish. His lips move
text: almost Footesquely, tears swell out of his eyes, im-
dialog: mediately soaking his cheeks. At che same time, che
text: full meaning of that line hits Bech, and she moves
text: disbelievingly into che arms of her father-in-law.
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: ROJAS
dialog: May we please conrinue?
text: They hold each other cightly. Bech isn't crying yet,
text: but Herman camnot help ic, he is shattered, letting
text: go at last, his face contorted in sorrow and baraly
text: able to speak through his almost silent, shaking sobs.
scene_heading: EXT. HORMAN HOUSE - VICUNA McKENNA - DAY 135
text: Beth, Ed and McNally circle around the front house,
text: heading for the Horman's ex-domicile in back.
scene_heading: INT. HORMAN HOUSE - DAY 136
text: Beth and Ed are poking around in the shambles, gacher-
dialog: awings, books, notebooks, or
dialog: other $ pertaining to Charles that che soldiers
text: left be! . They place everything in the cardboard
text: boxes. There is a desperate kind of softness in
text: their moves, suggesting slow motion, a trance-like
text: quality to the scene tinging it with exceptional
dialog: ss.
text: Ed may not be exying, buc there is chat air of pro-
dialog: found anguish in his look, in his moves. $ his
dialog: Perk
text: ayes are red, suggesting it is the same day he Learned
dialog: for certain charfes is dead.
text: McNally stands aside, ineffectually. He's embarrassed
text: to be intruding on this tense, private moment.
text: Horman halts for a moment, straightens up. He exhales
dialog: for emotional as well as physical relief. His be-
text: wildared eyes take in che mess. Then he goes over
text: and places his hand against a wall in a strange,
dialog: te way, almose as if feeling for a heartbeat...
text: Then he rests his head weatily against thac arn.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT COFFEE SHOP - Day 137
text: At a cable are Horman, Beth, Purdy and McNally. Horman
text: is calm now, more rested, in control. Beth is signing
text: forms for McNally, whe turns the pages for her, When
text: she si; the lase page, he shuffles them all into a
text: Neat pile and slips c into his briefcase.
speaker_heading: McNALLY
dialog: To think thar does it. Thank you.
dialog: 136.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: When will he be sent back?
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: In a few days. We have to gec
dialog: some other clearances -- nothing
dialog: important. We can ship ie hone
dialog: by Friday.
dialog: You're sure?
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: You have my word on it.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (sadly, not bitrerly)
dialog: For what that's worth.
text: McNally opens his mouth to speak... then fumbles, en-
text: barrassed. Then he decides ec broach it anyway.
speaker_heading: MeNALLY
dialog: Did you mention the... ah,
dialog: shipping charges?
dialog: Purdy abhors che gaffe, but, since it has been made:
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: No, I... uh, there's going to be
dialog: a fee... along wich the air freight
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: How much?
text: Purdy checks McNally for cha answer.
speaker_heading: McNALLY
dialog: Tt comas to 931 dollars. Thac
dialog: includes the freight, too, of
dialog: course.
speaker_heading: . SETH
dialog: You mean you want it now?
text: McNally starts to say "yes," but Purdy steps on his
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: No, ne, that isn't necessary.
text: When £2 arrives... when the body
dialog: is returned...
dialog: 138
dialog: 137.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Don’t worry. We'll take care of
dialog: ie.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: (nods uncomfortably)
dialog: Fine, good...
text: Horman picks up the check and starts to dig into his
text: pocket. Purdy reaches for ic.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Please... let me get that.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: No. I wane to gee rid of this
dialog: money.
text: He drops @ small wad of Chilean bills onto the cable.
text: Trey all rise.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL 138
text: Purdy and McNally huddle for a Moment outside the
text: coffee shop. Then McNally waves to Korman and walks
text: off. Horman doesn't return che wave. :
text: The three of them now head across the Serminal toward
text: the customs area where a long Line of departing passen-
text: gers await clearance.
text: The Officer from Horman's arrival scene hurries up,
text: salutes Purdy, and ushers chem through a VIP gata.
text: As they emerge from Customs, we hear:
speaker_heading: REESE'S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Horman...
text: The newswoman hurries along with a bag in one hand,
dialog: @ portable typewriter in che other, a tranch coat over
dialog: het shoulder.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Hello!
text: Reese walks up, smiling at Beth, ignoring Purdy.
speaker_heading: HORMAN :
dialog: We called your room this morning.
dialog: said you'd already checked
dialog: our.
dialog: 138.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I'm on my way to La Paz.
speaker_heading: HORMAN :
dialog: Bolivia? Isn't that, where Creter
dialog: said he was headed next?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Come to think of it, yes.
text: We hear the La Paz FLIGHT BEING CALLED in Spanish.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I've got to go...
text: Horman offers his hand: Kate juggles che bag into the
text: typewriter hand, and they shake.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Thanks for all your help, Miss
dialog: Reese.
dialog: I'm so
text: Horman nods understandingly.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Have a good flight.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: You too.
text: and she's gone.
text: Davis enters followed by a gold-braided officer. The
text: officer salutes Purdy, and, speaking in Spanish, points
text: to the VIP gate. Ac the same tima, Davis addresses
text: Beth and Horman. But Beth curns her back abrupely co
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: Oh nc -~ wait a minute. No more
dialog: ‘American’ privileges.
text: He turns and, with Beth, starts walking toward the
text: regular customs area. Purdy and Davis follow after
text: him, uncomfortable, a bit distraught.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Listen... I wish chere was
dialog: something I could say... or do
dialog: abour ir.
dialog: 
dialog: 139
dialog: 139.
text: Ed Curns around and with Beth confronts him face to
dialog: face:
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: I'm going to do something about it!
text: Purdy waits for the “whae?" with a “happy” smile.
text: Davis is attentive and suspicious.
speaker_heading: RORMAN
dialog: I'm gonna sue you, Fred. You and
dialog: Davis and che Ambassador... and
dialog: everyme else who let Charles die.
dialog: T'll make if so hot for you you'li
dialog: wish you were stationed in
dialog: Antarctica.
text: Beth looks ac Horman, surprised, and also happy at
text: his decision. Davis, on the other hand, takes the news
text: th an unconcerned shrug. Purdy fills with gloom.
speaker_heading: . PURDY
dialog: Well... I guess that's your
dialog: privilege, Mr. Horman.
speaker_heading: HORMAN
dialog: No, it's ay right!
text: Purdy reacts to the determination in his tone.
speaker_heading: BORMAN
dialog: Thank God wa live in a country
dialog: where wa can still put people
dialog: like you in jail.
text: Bech slips her arm chrough Horman's and they walk off
text: towards the plane -- leaving a visibly shaken Purdy
text: in their wake.
text: They move down an immense hallway with windows on both
text: sides, The light floods in breaking over Bech and
dialog: » invading them like hope.
text: Unless that is Rothing bue despair.
scene_heading: EXT. JFK - DAY 139
text: Tc's a mean, dark April afternoon, A hard rain Pounds
text: across the tunway where a cargo plane is being unlcadad.
text: The air freight door is open and a long conveyor bele
text: snakes down the plane towards our CAMERA.
text: Various items of freight trumdle down the belc, causin
text: a phlesup jusc past the CAMERA'S RANGE. Then che final:
dialog: 140,
text: It's a box -- roughly casket shape -- made of cheap
text: boards, bound together with wire ties. There's a
text: handwritten legend on the side of the box:
scene_heading: CHARLES HORMAN -- from Santiago --
text: A TITLE BURNS IN OVER the SHOT:
dialog: Seven months and sixteen days ,
text: later, Charles Horman's remains
dialog: were returned to his family.
dialog: The autopsy, even though performed
dialog: late, revealed that Charles was
dialog: brutally tortured before being
text: szagueed by a bullee through his
dialog: ead.
dialog: On July 21, 1977, Edward Horman
dialog: filed suit in the Fifth Districe
dialog: Federal Court of New York, charging
dialog: Consul Frederic Purdy, Capt.
speaker_heading: Raymond Davis, USN (Rec.);
dialog: assador Nathaniel Davis and
dialog: nine other United States government
dialog: offictals, including Henry A.
dialog: Kissinger and Richard M. Nixon,
dialog: with complicity and criminal
text: negligence in the death of his son.
text: The suic is still pending.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
