dialog: 
speaker_heading: MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 2
dialog: By
dialog: Robert Towne
dialog: Revised. 12/4/99
scene_heading: NOTE: THE HARD COPY OF THIS SCRIPT CONTAINED SCENE NUMBERS
text: AND SOME "SCENE OMITTED" SLUGS. THEY HAVE BEEN REMOVED FOR
scene_heading: THIS SOFT COPY.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: A WORN SATCHEL (MOVING - DAY)
dialog: 
text: is being carried by a world weary middle European wearing a black
text: armband. VLADIMIR NEKHORVICH exits a gleaming building, pausing
text: for a moment, under a motto clearly visible above his head,
dialog: <i>'Where the future is now'</i>. He checks the time.
speaker_heading: INSERT - WATCH
text: set in <i>Countdown Mode.</i> It's at 19 hours forty-seven minutes and
dialog: sixteen seconds and dropping, 19:37.15, :14, :13, :12 etc.
dialog: O.S. children are singing:
dialog: <i>Ring a ring a rosy/a pocketful of posy/
dialog: a tissue a tissue/we all fall down.</i>
text: Nekhorvich looks to see children at play outside the adjacent
text: Natural History Museum. They are moving in and around an odd
text: freeform sculpture.
scene_heading: POV - SCULPTURE AND CHILDREN
text: a blur where the sculpture seems to be distorting the children,
text: almost like mirrors in a fun house.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
text: wipes his eyes, a horn honks. He looks toward the sound.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - SATCHEL (INT. AIRPORT SECURITY - DAY)
text: on the belt that takes it thru X-Ray. On the other side a guard
text: opens the satchel and pokes thru a few toilet articles, personal
text: items, books, a battleship gray digital camera and - in a small
text: plastic container marked 'S.G.' - a small, square shiny object,
text: hi-tech and at odds with the other items. She pulls out an urn-
text: shaped vessel.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: What's this, then?
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: (handing her documents)
dialog: The ashes of a colleague, I'm taking them
dialog: to his family. If you wish to open it,
dialog: please be careful.
scene_heading: COMPUTERIZED SCREEN DISPLAY (INT. PLANE - MOVING - DAY)
text: on the cabin wall displays a colorful map showing the flight
text: point of departure in Sydney, continuously updating distance,
dialog: direction and time to its ultimate destination, Atlanta, Georgia.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN'S VOICE
dialog: - folks, we're a little over two and a
dialog: half hours from touchdown in Atlanta, but
dialog: if you look out your windows on either
dialog: side of the aircraft, we'll soon be
text: crossing the southern section of the Rocky
dialog: Mountains, a range which includes more
text: than 50 peaks rising above 14,000 feet.
dialog: The chain's loftiest point, Mount Elbert,
text: at 14, 433 feet should be coming into view
text: as we pass over central Colorado shortly..
scene_heading: NEKHORVICH (INT. CABIN - DAY)
text: seems intent on the map, its changing times and distance. He
text: checks his watch - the countdown has gone from 20 to three hours
text: and 32 minutes as Nekhorvich is mesmerized by the descending
text: seconds whipping by.
text: ETHAN HUNT sits into shot on the vacant first class aisle seat
text: beside Nekhorvich.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You keep staring at that watch as if your
dialog: life depended on it, Doctor..
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: Well, yes. I suppose I am a bit anxious.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: They're ready and waiting. You'll soon be
dialog: with old friends.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: (meaning Ethan)
dialog: I'm with an old friend now, Dmitri.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Sorry it couldn't be under happier
dialog: circumstances.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: Yes, I'm sorry too.. 'You're sorry and I'm
dialog: sorry..'
text: (bemused laughter, then looks at Ethan)
dialog: - you do know Gradski thought the world of you.
text: Nekhorvich is overcome. Ethan puts a comforting hand on his
dialog: shoulder:
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: He was quite a man. Did he know before
dialog: the end you two had succeeded?
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: Yes, he knew. Just..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: ..not in time to save him.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: No. After you've lived with <i>Chimera</i> for
dialog: twenty hours, nothing can save you. Not
dialog: even...<i>Bellerophon.</i>
text: Nekhorvich pats the satchel.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You carry them together? Safely?
text: With an almost impish grin and a wink:
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: Yes, and you'll get us to a safe place
dialog: with them, thank god!..left to my own
dialog: devices, I'm an old fart too inept to read
dialog: a railroad timetable!..
text: Good-natured laughter. Cut off by a flight steward who passes
text: by, giving a sidelong silence in Ethan and Nekhorvich's direction.
text: Oxygen masks suddenly deploy from the ceiling. Passengers are
text: puzzled and alarmed.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN'S VOICE
dialog: You Captain again. We've experienced a
text: slight but abrupt drop in cabin pressure..
dialog: 
text: A passenger struggling with his mask. As Nekhorvich fumbles with
text: the strap on his mask he notes that the display screen shows
text: their altitude is below 30,000 feet and dropping. He checks the
text: countdown time on his watch again. Nekhorvich looks around him.
text: The flight attendants are conspicuously absent and all the
text: passengers who have on oxygen masks are passed out.
speaker_heading: INT - COCKPIT
text: The flight crew now wearing their oxygen masks.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Pan, pan, pan, Denver Center. This is
dialog: Trans Pac Flight two-two-zero-seven, 747
dialog: heavy. We are not reading you. We're
text: unable to maintain cabin pressurization.
dialog: We have initiated a descent to one six
dialog: thousand.
text: The Co-pilot is working on the plane's altitude when his hands
text: slip off the controls. His eyes flutter, then:
speaker_heading: CO-PILOT
dialog: Captain, I don't..can't..
text: He passes out. The Captain, HUGH STAMP, turns to verify that the
text: relief pilot is also unconscious at the controls.
text: He then removes his oxygen mask, sets the auto pilot, inputting
text: numbers to slow the plane and descend. As the craft titles
dialog: downward...
scene_heading: INT - GALLERY
text: The flight attendants are pulling on jump suits. Stamp emerges
text: from the cockpit.
speaker_heading: INT - CABIN
text: Ethan returns. Nekhorvich beckons to him. Ethan sits. Grinning
dialog: around, Nekhorvich conspiratorially:
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: ..it seems we have a problem, Dmitri.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (in the same tone)
dialog: You keep calling me Dmitri. You really
dialog: shouldn't.
text: Nekhorvich's eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: You're not Dmitri?
text: With a lightning swift move Ethan breaks Nekhorvich's neck.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: - no.
text: He grabs the satchel.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (cont'd)
dialog: (to Wallis)
dialog: Wallis, hold onto it.
text: Wallis slashes the satchel handle open, takes the satchel for
text: Ambrose. He peels off the latex mask, revealing SEAN AMBROSE.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (cont'd)
dialog: Ulrich, pull the -
text: He tears off the vocal oscillator at his adam's apple, clears his
dialog: throat, now as Ambrose:
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: - pull the NO2 tank and dump it, it's potential evidence..
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: (the 'captain' into shot)
dialog: All done, chief..
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (what else)
dialog: - right -
dialog: (kidding)
dialog: - don't go too far ahead of me now -
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Not possible..
text: Ulrich has rolled back the carpet over an access panel just
text: beneath them that leads to the belly of the plane. Stamp pulls
text: back the panel, hops into the compartment below which is four
text: walls of electronic equipment. Stamp kneels and slides back the
text: floor hatch. The wind howls, puffs of cloud zip by beneath them.
text: As they descend into the belly:
speaker_heading: WALLIS
dialog: Checkpoint Charlie plus 30, altitude minus
dialog: two-zero-thousand. Airspeed one-seven-
dialog: niner knots..
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: It's that time. Go.
text: They don goggles and, with Ambrose in the lead,
text: the team leaps, one after another from the hatch, sailing off
text: into the sky.
speaker_heading: INT - COCKPIT (DAY)
text: An automated voice repeats in an ominous monotone:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Terrain, terrain. Pull up, pull up.
text: The co-pilot stirs. He blearily rouses himself just in time to
dialog: see:
text: A mountain rushing toward him. As mountain meets airplane, the
text: frame is filled with fire, but when camera pulls back from the
text: fireball, it is in fact no more than a match head filling frame,
text: which ignited, lights a fuse..
text: The MI theme music kicks in, the main credits roll to:
speaker_heading: EXT - FACE OF MOUNTAIN (DAY)
dialog: For a moment it might be thought part of the same range when the
text: plane crashed but when Ethan Hunt climbs into frame the angle
text: widen and titles down, revealing more of where he's come from
text: than where he's going. Aside from the fact that he's in the
text: midst of free-climbing what is easily a sheer rock face of at
text: least a thousand feet, there's the sunny picture-postcard view of
text: a lovely valley and pellucid lake thousands of feet below. Ethan
text: climbs out of shot.
speaker_heading: WIDE UP ANGLE (DAY)
text: revealing the summit, a light breeze hitting the lichen and
text: whatever growth has a slender purchase on the rocky mountainside,
text: fluffy clouds overhead.
text: Ethan into shot. Despite the spectacularly precarious handholds
text: he's using to hang onto the mountain and his life, he appears
text: relaxed, engaged - for him - in the equivalent of busman's
dialog: holiday. It's leisurely danger for Ethan; one might almost
dialog: expect to hear Julie Andrews trilling 'Climb Every Mountain' on
dialog: the soundtrack.
text: Then a rock he's been grasping crumbles and Ethan drops about six
text: inches before he grabs onto the mountain again. As he hangs by
text: five fingers thousands of feet above the earth he doesn't seem
text: terribly concerned until he spots a helicopter.
text: It's materialized behind the summit and passes surprisingly close
text: just overhead, casting its shadow downward over Ethan.
text: Instinctively, Ethan flattens himself against the rock surface,
text: as if the copter poses some sort of threat to him. But when
text: its rotors whir it into the distance Ethan relaxes and resumes his
dialog: climb.
scene_heading: A HAIRY OVERHANG (EXT. MOUNTAIN - DAY)
text: near the summit Ethan departing from the vertical and is now
text: traversing the mountain with more of his back than his feet
text: exposed to the earth far below. He's clinging to the mountain
text: almost like a fly walking on the ceiling. When he reaches for a
text: handhold that will restore him to the vertical, he dislodges a
text: lizard - and manages to catch it before it plunges thousand of
text: feet to oblivion.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Whoaa..
text: He pockets the lizard, climbs the overhang.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - SUMMIT
text: with Ethan's hand, then Ethan coming into view and making the
text: summit. He reaches into his pocket and releases the lizard who
text: favors Ethan with a stern reptilian stare by way of gratitude. To
dialog: lizard:
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You're welcome.
text: The lizard scampers off, then a low beeping sound at his back
text: attracts his attention. He turns to see the source of the
text: beeping, a small package in day-glo colors with a day-glo
text: streamer. Ethan looks to the sky where the helicopter is now
text: ominously circling back.
text: Ethan lifts the day-glo package and waves it in the direction of
text: the copter. With a distinct lack of enthusiasm.
text: The helicopter once again turns, banks and disappears. Ethan has
text: opened the beeping package and finds a pair of sunglasses.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S POV SUNGLASSES
text: First, a retinal scan.
speaker_heading: ELECTRONIC VOICE
dialog: Identity confirmed.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Hunt.
text: Swanbeck's face flashes onscreen. Over his introduction of Nyah
text: is a series of satellite photographs whose subject is so elusive
text: she never seems to give the camera a clean shot.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK'S VOICE
dialog: Your mission, should you choose to accept
dialog: it, requires you to recover a stolen item,
dialog: designated <i>Chimera.</i> Essential to the
dialog: mission is the recruitment of a civilian --
dialog: a Miss Nyah Nordoff-Hall. She is a highly
dialog: capable professional thief currently
dialog: active in Spain.
dialog: A series of Nyah's 'accomplishments', i.e., warrants, complaints,
text: Interpol summaries of her various criminal activities, as well as
text: glimpses of the elusive Nyah circulating about Seville.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK'S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: Her dossier's available on I-COM 3. You
dialog: have 48 hours to recruit Ms. Nordoff-Hall
dialog: and meet me in Seville to receive further
dialog: details. Should you or any member of your
dialog: IM force be caught or killed, the
dialog: Secretary will disavow all knowledge of
dialog: your actions.
text: Swanbeck's face reappears on screen:
speaker_heading: SWANBECK'S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: And Mr. Hunt - the next time you go on
dialog: vacation, please be good enough to let us
dialog: know where you're going. This message will
text: self-destruct in five seconds.
text: Ethan removes the glasses, then tosses them into space.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: If I let you know where I'm going -
text: The glasses explode in a puff of smoke.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (cont'd)
dialog: - won't be on holiday.
text: Ethan, with a fair amount of disgust, gets to his feet and jumps
text: off the mountain, in, what for a moment looks like a suicidal
text: snit. Then, somewhere hundreds of feet below camera, there's a
text: little puff of color as the tulip-shaped chute pops out of his
text: back-pack. Begin the sound of a castanets and the animal-like cries
dialog: of flamenco dancers.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: EXT - ANDALUSIAN VILLA (EVE)
text: Bustling in the activity of a large private party, with arriving
text: guests and attentive valets, as a young woman, her face unseen,
text: exits her car and enters the villa.
scene_heading: A FLASH OF SKIRT AND LACE (INT-EXT. VILLA - FLAMENCO DANCERS - EVE)
text: where to the cries of dancers add graceful feminine hands
text: wielding the castanets. The dancers perform on a raised platform
text: and NYAH NORDOFF-HALL'S face can be glimpsed thru the swirling
text: skirts and pounding heels, looking thru, not at them.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - ETHAN
text: looking back in a similar way to Nyah; surreal lighting and the
text: relentless chorus of pounding heels seem to isolate them in the
text: crowed party. Nyah continues to look at Ethan over the shoulder
text: over her wanna-be escort, a very attentive gentleman. Nyah
text: offers up her empty glass, and the gentleman eagerly takes it to
text: the bar for a refill, leaving Nyah and Ethan looking at one
text: another. Ethan approaches her.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Do you know me?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: No. Should I?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: No. You just looked as if you did.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: No. Just as if I'd like to.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Oh. Well. I think that can be arranged.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Not tonight. Bad timing. Sorry -
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: There's not enough time in the world for
dialog: any of it to be bad.
text: This stops her. Nyah moves closer to him, until they're nose
text: to nose. Whispered but breezy:
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Look, it's either you or the rent and I
dialog: don't mind telling you it's not an easy
dialog: choice.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: What if I pay the rent?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Uh-huh?
text: Glancing at the gentleman making his way back with her drink
dialog: then:
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Go find the wealthy lady you came with and
dialog: next time we meet - I'll pay your rent.
dialog: (kissing him, sweetly)
dialog: Now bugger off.
text: And purposeful creature that she is, she takes her frustrated
text: desire upstairs, timing her footsteps so as to use the sound of
text: the dancer's steps to cover her own. Once upstairs, a security
text: guard near the master bedroom can be seen eagerly following her
text: down the hall, both moving past a pair of windows, visible to
text: Ethan. In a few moments, Nyah can be seen past the
text: windows in the opposite direction, without the guard following.
text: In another moment or two, a very puzzled looking security guard
text: can be glimpsed in the first window, looking up and down the
text: hall, clearly having lost sight of Nyah. Ethan smiles, moves out
dialog: of shot.
speaker_heading: INT - MASTER BEDROOM (EVE)
text: Nyah has opened the door and moves swiftly thru the bedroom.
speaker_heading: INT - BATH (EVE)
text: A decadent looking affair with suggestive lighting, mirrored
text: walls. The tub has a tray across it which includes a wine cooler
text: chilling a bottle of Crystal and a mound of caviar on a bed of
text: ice. Nyah can't resist. She spoons a dollop of the caviar and
text: downs it before she moves along the frescoed walls of the tub to
text: its back. There, she pulls out her compact and removes the puff,
text: revealing an electronic density meter. She turns it on and holds
text: it at the rear of the tub. Its sweep gauge jumps sharply from
text: green thru yellow and into red.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (her fondest hopes confirmed)
dialog: Mmmm.
text: She now steps into the tub and focuses on the grout between the
text: tiles just above the sop dish. Her knee eyes search for any
text: cracks in the grout and she spots one. Using a tweezers she
text: pulls the silver of the grout out from between the tiles, revealing
text: something that looks like a credit card wedged between the tiles.
text: She slips the card into a narrow opening under the sop dish.
text: There's the sound of hydraulics and two arms move the marble
text: casing out from the rear of the tub. Nyah breathes a sigh of
text: relief and anticipation: kneeling in the tub she finds herself
text: looking down at an open safe, revealing some half-dozen locked
text: compartments. As she studies them:
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Decisions, decisions.
text: Nyah looks up to see Ethan's reflection in the bathroom
text: mirrors, looking down at her kneeling in the tub.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Think you're the only one who can pick a
dialog: lock?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (not altogether pleased)
dialog: I see. You're not just another pretty face..
text: Before Ethan can answer, a voice can be heard coming from the
text: bedroom warbling Granada in Spanish, and with considerable gusto.
speaker_heading: NYAH (cont'd)
text: Oh god. A bloody baritone.
text: Nyah catches a reflection behind Ethan's in the bathroom mirror.
text: She reaches up and grabs Ethan by the lapel, yanking him into the
text: tub, pulling him down on top of her. Once again they're nose to
dialog: nose.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I take it you prefer tenors.
text: She glances up at the mirror. In it is the reflection of SENOR
dialog: AUGUSTO DE L'ARENA, a big amiable Castilian in his fifties who's
text: changing a white dinner jacket that's had wine split on it. He
text: breaks into a heavily accented version of 'Now or Never', and
text: disappears from the dressing room mirror.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Would you mind if I'm on top?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Oh, either way works for me.
text: With a jaundiced look she rolls over on top of Ethan and begins
text: working on one of the safe compartments, using a tiny torque
text: wrench from a tube of lipstick and a carbide pick from a mascara
text: brush. She glances down and is rather disconcerted. Continues
text: working with the pick and wrench.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: You're never gonna find it there.
speaker_heading: NYAH
text: (she jumps, dropping the torque wrench)
dialog: Damn it! Find what?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: His ex-wife's Bulgari necklace that goes
dialog: up for auction Tuesday.
text: Looking down to Ethan, a touch of indignation:
speaker_heading: LOOKING UP
text: more or less, hands locked behind his neck as he rests against
text: the raked back of the tub, his eyes and nose inches from Nyah's
text: lower pelvic region as she straddles him. Not exactly in the mood
dialog: to move:
text: She stiffens - he knows too damn much.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: - right..where is it?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Far right.
text: She immediately switches her efforts from top left to the
text: bottom right compartment. She's utterly nonplussed:
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Where's the bloody -
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: (plucking it off his chest,
dialog: offering it up like a mechanic
dialog: under the chassis)
dialog: - torque wrench.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: - this is very disconerting..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Hey, you put me here. I just do what I'm
dialog: told.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: - right..
text: She unstraddles him and, with a few deft moves with the torque
text: wrench and carbide pick - and it's open. She withdraws a velvet
text: pouch and opens the pouch. Out spills the spectacular necklace.
speaker_heading: NYAH (cont'd)
dialog: Lovely.
dialog: (starting to close the safe)
dialog: Who are you and what's it going to cost me?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (having sat up)
dialog: I wouldn't do that.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Do what?
text: The alarm goes off.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: That.
text: The bathroom is suddenly filled with security guards, gun drawn
text: Senor de l'Arena, looking highly upset, pops in.
speaker_heading: SENOR DE L'ARENA
dialog: Oh, Senor Keyes, thank God it is you!
dialog: (in Spanish to security guards,
dialog: annoyed)
dialog: It's Senor Keyes, the security engineer.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Well, Senor de l'Arena the goods news is
dialog: that the heat sensors were activated. But
dialog: Miss Nordoff-Hall, my associate -
text: Senor de l'Arena kisses Nyah's hand.
speaker_heading: SENOR DE L'ARENA
dialog: Mucho gusto, senorita.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: - did feel that she had rather too long to
dialog: work on the safe before they triggered the
dialog: alarm, isn't that right Miss Hall?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Oh yes. Absolutely. Much too long I
dialog: should yes.
text: Nyah's initial shock and panic slowly gives way to a wary,
dialog: intensified curiosity - about Ethan.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Under the circumstances I think we would
dialog: recommend re-setting the senors to
dialog: respond to a lighter load. How do you
dialog: feel about forty kilos, Miss Hall?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Indeed.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Well, Senor de l'Arena, there's no reason
dialog: to disrupt your party any longer. we have
dialog: some further concerns about the disposition
dialog: of your security guards, which you'll
dialog: receive in our written report by fax in the
dialog: morning, hard copy to follow. Shall we?
text: He offers Nyah his arm. They start out. Ethan immediately stops.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (cont'd)
dialog: Miss Hall. Haven't you forgotten
dialog: something?
text: Nyah looking genuinely puzzled.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: The necklace?
text: Nyah slowly reaches into her dress and withdraws the glittering
text: string of diamonds and rubies from her bust.
speaker_heading: SENOR DE L'ARENA
dialog: (a great kidder)
dialog: What are you trying to do, senorita? Rob
dialog: me.
text: They all laugh, and Ethan's got her out the door.
scene_heading: EXT - ANDALUSIAN VILLA (LATE NIGHT - PRE DAWN)
text: The stars dimming, the sky a gun metal blue. Ethan and Nyah
text: emerge from the villa, walking slowly. Nyah's clearly
dialog: preoccupied.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: I'm missing something here, aside from a
dialog: 500,000 pound necklace. Even after I
dialog: botched the job, I could've walked out of
dialog: there with the bloody thing.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: At least you walked.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: If you weren't going to let me get away
dialog: with it, why did you let me go thru with
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Wanted to see how good you were.
dialog: I'm hoping we might work together.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: May I say something, no offence? You
dialog: look like a gigolo, you sound like a
dialog: thief, you act like a cop - what the
dialog: bloody hell do you have in mind?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Working under adverse conditions. Highly
dialog: adverse conditions.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Sounds smashing. I'm in. Muchacho, mi
dialog: carro, por favor! Now be serious. You
dialog: couldn't possibly want me off tonight's
dialog: performance..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You didn't do that badly.
text: Her car arrives.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (as she moves to her car)
dialog: You're apologizing for me? Quite the
dialog: gentleman..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (opening the car door)
dialog: Not really. I triggered the alarm..
text: One foot on the floorboard she freezes, back to Ethan.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Hey, the Bulgari job last week was
dialog: flawless. And I've always been partial to
text: pale yellows.
text: She slides behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (as he leads on the car)
dialog: I don't do laundry, or put up with
dialog: cheeky bastards who set me up on their
dialog: territory so they can poach on mine.
text: She takes off, spewing bits of gravel and dust in her wake.
text: Ethan smiles and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ON THE ROAD - NYAH (MOVING)
text: around curves, hair flying, she's free. Her car phone rings.
text: Perplexed, she lets it ring once or twice picks it up:
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Hola..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Hi. Would you mind slowing down?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Where did you get this number? I don't
dialog: even have it!
speaker_heading: ETHAN' VOICE
dialog: Would you like it?
text: She hits the End button and disconnects. The phone immediately
text: rings again. She refuses to pick up. Ethan pulls alongside hers.
text: She looks at him. They speak through the open cars.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Pull over and listen to me, will you?
dialog: Just listen..
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Listen to what?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I need your help and I thin you can use
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Your help? What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Scotland Yard, Interpol, every Dutch
dialog: authority. I can make them go away.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Oh bloody hell. You're a spy.
text: She floors it and shoots ahead of Ethan, nicking his car as she takes off.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I deserved that.
scene_heading: SERIES OF DRIVING SHOTS - NYAH AND ETHAN
text: Ethan rings her again. And keeps ringing. Her face becomes
text: grim, her flight progressively more desperate and with Ethan's
text: pursuit progressively more determined. They are reaching the
dialog: limits of adhesion around blind curves.
speaker_heading: MORE SHOTS DRIVING (DAWN)
text: The sky's battleship gray; Ethan pursues Nyah around hairpin
text: turns high above the Costa del Sol; they rip thru patches of
text: marine fog drifting on the road, obscuring it.
text: Both are appalled by the other's willingness to escalate risk in
text: this game of flight and pursuit until Ethan tears thru a fogbank
text: and sees on his GPS what Nyah can't see thru the fog -
text: less than four hundred meters ahead is a turn she can't possibly
dialog: negotiate and if she can't she'll plunge off the road hundreds of
text: feet to rock and sea below. Ringing her number again:
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (half to himself)
dialog: Slow down, slow down.
text: She turns up a mound and loses control. She spins out and heads
text: toward the edge of the cliff.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (realizing she's in trouble)
dialog: Uh-oh.
text: Ethan cuts her off and sends them both into a 540 degree spin.
text: Her car stops just at the cliff's edge.
text: Furious she wrenches open the car door and gets out.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: No!
text: Suddenly there's no Nyah. Ethan leaps over to Nyah's car and
text: sees Nyah dangling over the ocean and rocks hundreds of feet
text: below, holding the door handle.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Oh..oh..
text: Taking a firm grip on her wrist.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Don't look down. Just..look at me.
dialog: That's it..that's it..
text: He pulls Nyah up to the car, across the seat and half into
text: his arms. For a long moment it looks like she's in shock. Then:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: What's you name?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Ethan Hunt.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Well, Ethan Hunt, what is it you want to
dialog: talk to me about?
text: Thru the veil of morning fog, Nyah looks at Ethan. Her dark eyes
text: suggest wit, and willingness, and longing.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: ...more than I thought..
dialog: 
text: They scarcely to move to bring their lips together:
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Awfully short notice..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Care to wait a decent interval?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Who wants to be decent?..
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: CLOSE - ETHAN (INT-EXT. SAFEHOUSE - SEVILLE - DAY-EVE)
text: sleeping. His eyes open slowly. He comes to full consciousness,
text: his head still on the pillow. Something approaching serious
text: anxiety informs his features. He lifts his head and looks at his
text: left, angle widening. Nyah lies on her side facing him,
text: sleeping serenely. Anxiety on the order of oh-God-this-isn't-
text: approved-recruiting-technique, confirmed. He lets his head flop
text: back on the pillow. Then he turns so he and Nyah are profile to-
text: profile. As he looks at her sleeping his anxiety fades, replaced
text: by curiosity and even wonder. He lifts his hand and just
text: brushes her cheek. Her eyes open. She knows where she is.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: So what've you got against spooks?
text: Nyah smiles.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: When they've got your recruiting
dialog: technique? Not a thing.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Oh. Well..this isn't exactly by the book.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: They've got a book for this?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: They've got a book for everything.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: The only other spook I knew was a liar.
dialog: Charming but absolutely incapable of
dialog: telling the truth. He'd lie about his
dialog: favorite color. But then I reckon it's an
dialog: occupational hazard. All spies really do
dialog: is conceal the truth and tell lies.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Not revealing information doesn't
dialog: necessarily make someone a liar.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: That's not the point. In the end what
dialog: spies rely on is the one thing they think
dialog: they know that you don't.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Which is?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: That they're lying.
text: Ethan laughs.
speaker_heading: NYAH (cont'd)
dialog: ..once they know that they can
dialog: get very very..crosee..
text: Nyah shoulder and moves into Ethan.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: So where did I got right?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: You're not a liar. Or you're an awfully
dialog: good one..
dialog: (then)
dialog: ..this thing these blokes pinched..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I don't know that they 'pinched' it.
dialog: Don't even know that they're blokes.
text: Nyah stops to think about this.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Well, then, what I am I doing here? I assume
dialog: I'm meant to be some sort of thief-to
dialog: catch-a-thief..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: So do I. Sort of.
text: Nyah looks at Ethan, a little worried.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Spoken like a spook..you ever afraid?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Of what?
text: Nyah laughs.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Ask a question, you get an answer!..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Damn, you're beautiful.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: That's because I'm on my back.
text: Quick as a cat Ethan flips Nyah over so she's looking down
text: at him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I don't think so.
text: She sinks into his arms.
scene_heading: EXT-INT - STREET - SEVILLE (VALENCIA FESTIVAL) (EVE)
text: Ethan's step is unusually jaunty as he bounces along, making his
text: way thru the festive and jostling crowds preparing for the <i>Crema</i>
dialog: portion of the <i>Fallas de Valencia.</i> On this night great papier
text: mache effigies, some serious, some comic, are placed all thru the
text: city and torched in great bonfires. Outside the bar Ethan's
text: looking for there's a street vendor, hawking Fallas mementos and
text: flowers. He starts past the vendor, and it hits him - he's going
dialog: to buy some flowers.
text: He chooses a colorful spring bouquet so fresh the dew can be
text: seen on the petals. Ethan pays the vendor, starts into the bar,
text: and thinks better of walking into Swanbeck with the bouquet.
text: Turns back to the vendor.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Are you gonna be here a while?
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: Si, senor.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I'll pick'em up on my way out, okay?
text: Ethan enter the bar and goes upstairs to the second floor where
text: he passes security at a pair of double doors.
scene_heading: INT - IMF BRIEFING ROOM
text: Swanbeck stands looking out the window. Noisy crowds from the
text: festival provides a constant walla, and during the sequence, the
text: first effigies are lit, and smoke and flame provide a vivid
text: background thru briefing room's window.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Fetival's a pain in the ass. Honoring
dialog: saint by setting'em on fire.
dialog: (turning to Ethan)
dialog: Sit down, sit down.
text: Ethan sits.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK (cont'd)
dialog: Let's you know what they think of saints,
dialog: doesn't it? Damn near set me on fire on
dialog: my way over here. As if I haven't been
dialog: burned enough today.
text: A moment where it's impossible to tell which way the wind is
text: going to blow between these two. Then civilly:
speaker_heading: SWANBECK (cont'd)
dialog: Sorry I barged in on your vacation.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Sorry I didn't let you know where I was.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Don't be. Wouldn't be on vacation if you did.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Well. You're sorry and I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Why did you phrase it like that?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: 'You're sorry and I'm sorry.'
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You gotta be kidding.
text: Swanbeck turns to his computer and begins play on a DVD, and
text: projected onto a computer screen staring back at Ethan is:
speaker_heading: VLADIMIR NEKHORVICH
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: (with exaggerate brio)
dialog: Well, Dmitri! How are you?..
text: Nekhorvich pauses as if waiting for reply. Ethan smiles.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: ..I'm fine..and you?
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: I'm fine..
text: Ethan laughs.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I'm fine and you're fine..
text: With Ethan simultaneously whispering:
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: I'm fine too.. I'm fine and you're fine - do
dialog: you remember, dear fried, how you got
dialog: Sergei and I to repeat those lines from Dr.
dialog: Strangelove and we gave you the name of that
dialog: silly Soviet Premier because we didn't know
dialog: your name?..In those days, you not only
dialog: saved our lives, you saved our sanity. 'Now,
dialog: then Dmitri - we have this little problem':
dialog: Every search for a hero must begin with
dialog: something that every hero requires; a
dialog: villain. Therefore, in a search for our
dialog: hero, Bellerophon, we created a monster
dialog: Chimera. I beg you, Dmitri, come to Sydney
dialog: and accompany me to Atlanta immediately.
dialog: However we travel, I must arrive at me
dialog: destination, within 20 hours of departure.
dialog: Forgive this fanciful explanation, but for
dialog: now prudence dictates that I communicate
text: nothing but the gravest urgency.
dialog: I fear I can entrust this to no one but
dialog: you, Dmitri. as we say, 'I'm sorry and
dialog: you're sorry'..
text: Swanbeck stops the DVD.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Let me ask you something. You have any
dialog: idea what the hell he's talking about?
text: Ethan smiles.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: An idea, yeah.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Like?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Like it's a good idea to pick him up in a
dialog: hurry. And a bad idea to fly him on a
dialog: commercial carrier. So let's get on with
dialog: it. He's still in Sydney?
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Dr. Vladimir Nekhorvich is dead. So is his
dialog: colleague, Gradski, but that happened
dialog: earlier. We had Nekhorvich on a flight
dialog: from Sydney that crashed in the Rockies..
text: Ethan sits back, heavily.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK (cont'd)
dialog: - Hunt, are you listening?..
text: Slowly looking up:
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: If he didn't want to go anywhere without
dialog: me, how did you get him on the flight?
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: You were there.
text: Swanbeck clears his throat. He turns back to the computer and
scene_heading: punches in: <i>MISSION DOUBLE IMAGE.</i> File open to computer scans
text: of AMBROSE, SEAN, and HUNT, ETHAN, the computer scanning and
text: comparing their features, millimeter by millimeter, stat by stat,
text: as the computer then imposes, with the help of the physiognomy
text: scan, Ethan's face on Ambrose: hence, mission double image.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: slowly looks up at Swanbeck.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: When I couldn't find you, I had to replace
dialog: you. Sean Ambrose was the obvious choice.
dialog: He double you, what? Two, three times?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Twice.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: What did you think of him?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You know we had reservations about each
dialog: other. Isn't it a little late in the day
dialog: to be asking me that?
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Not necessarily.
text: Swanbeck shows Ethan a photo of airline Captain.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Airline record list Captain Harold
text: Macintosh as the pilot for Flt 2207. as
dialog: far as the media and all governmental
dialog: agencies are concerned, Captain Macintosh
dialog: died on the flight, but in fact he missed
dialog: it. He did, however make the next flight -
text: in cargo, stuffed into a rather small
text: suitcase considering his size.
text: Another photo of an open suitcase, the body in it partially
text: obscured by a ring of police and customs officers.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK (cont'd)
dialog: Someone on that flight planned an
dialog: operation designed to down the plane and
dialog: make it look like an accident. Someone
dialog: skillful enough to bring the whole thing
dialog: off without a hitch but - they don't
dialog: always get your luggage on the plane, even
dialog: when you fly first class.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: So there's one thing we know Ambrose
dialog: doesn't.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Then you do think it was Ambrose.
text: Ethan barely nods.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK (cont'd)
dialog: And you're not surprised.
text: Ethan gives Swanbeck a look.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Whatever Nekhorvich was carrying Sean
dialog: wanted and he wanted to conceal the fact
dialog: that he took it.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Enough to kill Nekhorvich and two hundred
dialog: innocent passengers?
text: Ethan smiles.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Sean feels he hasn't done the job unless
text: he leaves a lot of hats on the ground.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: The question is why? What was this
dialog: Chimera Nekhorvich was carrying?
text: Ethan rises and moves to the window.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Right now only Ambrose knows that.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: In any case, you've got to recover Chimera
dialog: and bring it to us.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: In order to do that, I've got to figure
text: out how he plans to make money with it.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: - right. In fact since the plane went
dialog: down our banking sources have confirmed a
dialog: marked increase in the stock pilling of
dialog: cash in terrorists accounts.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: 'Terrorists?'
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Well you know Nekhorvich's history.
dialog: You're the one who got him out of the
dialog: Soviet Union was it still in bio-
dialog: weapon business.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: If that's what you're thinking Ambrose
dialog: would have set up a bidding situation with
dialog: any number of buyers before he got on the
text: plane. Locating him in time to stop
dialog: something like that -
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: - is where Miss Hall comes in.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (blindsided)
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Miss Hall and Ambrose had a relationship
dialog: which he took very seriously. She walked
dialog: away and he's wanting her back ever
dialog: since. We believe she's our surest and
dialog: quickest way of location him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (acidly)
dialog: And then what?
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
text: Then makes sure she continues to see him.
text: Gets him confide in her and report to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You made it sound as if I was recruiting
dialog: her for her skills as a thief.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Well, then I mislead you. Or you made the
dialog: wrong assumption. Either way we're asking
dialog: her to resume a prior relationship, not do
dialog: anything she hasn't already done.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: She's got no training for this kind of
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Go to bed with a man and lie to him?
dialog: She's a woman. She's got all the training
dialog: she needs.
text: Ethan's anger flashes but does his best to contain it.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I don't think I can get her to do it.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: You mean it'll be difficult.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Very.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Well it's not mission <i>difficult,</i> Hunt.
dialog: It's mission <i>impossible.</i> Difficult should
dialog: be a walk in the park for you. If you can
dialog: think of a quicker way to get to Ambrose,
dialog: you're welcome to try. Oh, by the way, you
dialog: might want to take a look at these..if you
dialog: have any further qualms about getting her
dialog: to do the job.
text: He pulls out a little Minolta digital camera (identical to the
text: one in Nekhorvich's bag at airport security). Swanbeck sets it on
text: the table. Ethan picks it up the tiny camera and puts it to his eye.
speaker_heading: EXT - BAR (NIGHT)
text: A grim Ethan, starring fixedly ahead of him emerges to an ever
text: more lively crowd. as he does:
speaker_heading: STREET VENDOR
dialog: Senor, senor! Your flowers.
text: The vendor holds up the spring bouquet. Ethan seems genuinely
text: surprised by them.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Yes. They're very nice..
text: And he's lost in the crowd, leaving a very puzzled vendor holding
dialog: the bouquet.
scene_heading: STILL OF CRASH SITE IN ROCKIES (THRU MINOLTA STILL CAMERA)
text: One after the other flashing by. They are more evocative than
text: specific in their suggestion of an abrupt, fiery, ending, where
text: the lives of hundred are literally and figuratively torn apart
text: and strewn over a desolate landscape.
speaker_heading: NYAH
text: carefully places the little Minolta on a glass-topped coffee
text: table. She's beautifully pulled together, the safehouse has the
text: lights low, flamenco music playing, and when she walks out onto
text: the balcony Ethan sees the candlelit table and a bottle of
text: champagne chilling. There's a light breeze the fire from the
text: burning effigies throwing smoke and flame all over the city.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: What's the population of Seville any
dialog: idea?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Five, six-hundred thousand.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: There's nearly 2 million in London.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: And six billion in the world.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: That's lot of people out there..how many
dialog: of them, I wonder, are capable of
dialog: something like that?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Sean Ambrose, for one.
text: A long shocked moment. Nyah laughs.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Right...
speaker_heading: INT - SAFEHOUSE (EVE - LATER)
text: The pounding beat of the flamenco music seems to fill the room
dialog: Nyah's back to Ethan:
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (grimly amused)
dialog: Not that it matter much but..I seem to
dialog: recall you staying something like, 'I was
dialog: hoping we could work together.'
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: This wasn't what I had in mind, Nyah.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: But it is what you'd like me to do.
dialog: so tell me to do it..
text: She approaches Ethan. They're inches apart.
speaker_heading: NYAH (cont'd)
dialog: Come on, out with it. Tell me to go and
dialog: insinuate myself back into Sean's life.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Go and insinuate yourself back into Sean's
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: I'd like a little more conviction..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: So would I. But it's not mine to give.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (archness there)
dialog: You've either got it or you don't. Let
dialog: your conscience be your guide?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Something like that.
text: With a smile and a wink.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: But I don't have a conscience. I'm a
dialog: bloody thief.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You can be a thief and have a conscience.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: No. You can be a thief and have a
dialog: conscience: Not me. Why did you have to
dialog: tell me about this!
dialog: (pouring herself a drink)
dialog: What do I have to do to get away from this
dialog: guy? When you're with him, he messes
dialog: about with your head every waking
dialog: moment..even now I'll be at some out-of-
dialog: the-way-place, a tin of caviar and a
text: bottle of Crystal shows up at the table,
text: with two glass, God knows how he finds
dialog: out at any given moment where I am in the
text: world but he does. And it looks like he's
dialog: done it again. You know his definition of
dialog: a true paranoid?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I don't.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Someone in possession of all the facts.
dialog: (she turns away, pauses)
dialog: Are you telling me I have to do this?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Generally, I don't favor coercing someone.
dialog: Not when there's a chance my life could
text: end up in their hands.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: And that's the only reason?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Can you think of a better one?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Not me. I was just hoping you might..or
dialog: that..somehow in the course of business
dialog: this got personal as well as physical.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Look, would it make you feel better if I
dialog: didn't want you to do this?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Much.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Then feel better!..
text: Long moment while she looks at him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (cont'd)
dialog: Well. That made all the difference in the
dialog: world, didn't it?
text: Ethan walks out onto the balcony. She looks at his back.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Sean will never be anything but suspicious
dialog: if he picks up some sort of 'yoo-hoo-I'm-
dialog: not-nad' message. Not after the way we
dialog: broke up.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: What wouldn't make him suspicious?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Probably that I needed him in some urgent
dialog: way..destitute - in serious trouble..the
dialog: kind I couldn't possible sort out myself..
text: Ethan's been smiling slightly.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Serious trouble, Nyah, is something I can
dialog: always arrange..
scene_heading: NYAH IN A SPANISH JAIL
text: standing for front and side mug shot. O.S. sound of teletype
text: continues. SUPERIMPOSE: Ethan holding up something the size of
dialog: a dime:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: This little chip sends a coded signal that
dialog: can be picked up only by our computer.
text: On the screen of the GPS computer, a little yellow blip appears
text: pulsating on the screen.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: When it's in your ankle we can track you
dialog: within three feet of anywhere in the
dialog: world.
scene_heading: OVER ETHAN AND ONTO COMPUTER SCREEN
text: He types a small Interpol bulletin stating that Nyah Nordoff
text: Hall, apprehended March 13 in Seville, is awaiting extradition
text: while the authorities in London, Paris, and Amsterdam squabble
text: over where she's going to be tried first, for the various thefts
text: and burglaries she's committed in the three cities.
scene_heading: COMPUTER SCREEN (AMBROSE TENT ANNEX - DAY)
text: Ambrose picking up on a version of the Interpol bulletin Ethan's
text: put out. He leans over the screen for a moment, then moves to
text: the window, and stares out thoughtful at the bay, almost as if
dialog: he were watching...
scene_heading: EXT - NYAH IN JAIL COURTYARD
text: From a beautiful blue sky, pan down to the courtyard of the jail
text: where Nyah is allowed out for an airing, seemingly alone but
dialog: being watched by:
scene_heading: ETHAN AND COMPUTER SCREEN
dialog: 
text: His attention fixed on the screen, Ethan stares at satellite
text: shot of Nyah in the jail courtyard.
scene_heading: INT - PRISON - NYAH
text: being allowed a phone call, a prison guard visible b.g. Cross
dialog: cut with Ethan.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Look, I can't run your arrest in CNN, but
dialog: I guarantee he's monitoring every law
dialog: enforcement agency in the world, for what
dialog: they might be saying about him, if nothing
dialog: else - he's got the ability and, we
dialog: assume, the desire to get you out of
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: NYAH
text: This doesn't seem to be accomplishing
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Well, I mean it's not a total loss. It is
dialog: keeping a very capable thief off the
dialog: street..
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Very funny..maybe he has heard and
dialog: doesn't want to know. Maybe he's lost
dialog: interest.
text: Her guard, b.g. is handed a note.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (to Nyah)
dialog: Your lawyer to see you.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: What lawyer?
scene_heading: ETHAN AND COMPUTER SCREEN
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Well, here we go.
text: SECTOR: AUSTRALIA, moving into NEW SOUTH WALES, and then to:
text: Sydney. Here Ethan pulls up names, photos and profiles of
text: potential candidates. They scroll past, one face morphing into
text: another. Ethan punches in on WILLIAM A. BAIRD. EXPERTISE:
dialog: Qualified in virtually every mode of transport, land, sea, air.
text: ORDINANCES: Small arms and automatic weapons authority, edged and
scene_heading: impact weapons. PROCUREMENT: Resourceful. EXPLOSIVES: Precision
dialog: detonation, diffusion.
dialog: Ethan punches: <i>Request immediate availability.</i>
scene_heading: EXT - GOVERNMENT BUILDING - SEVILLE (DAY)
text: Nyah emerges from the entrance to the jail.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Stop and look for something in you
dialog: purse..kneel down..
text: She does. They're effectively blocked from the street.
speaker_heading: NYAH
text: Limo's waiting.
text: Ethan hands her a key chain with what appear to be a car-key.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: - Ambrose will have counter-surveillance
dialog: second to no one's. When and if he
dialog: contacts you, push this button
dialog: before you actually end up under his roof
dialog: it'll scramble your transmission to us.
text: She takes the key chain. Her hands are shaking.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: When will you be there?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Before you are.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: How can you possibly? I've got to get
dialog: right on the plane. I'm leaving now.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You don't trust me.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Oh, I do. But as we know I'm a very poor
dialog: judge of character.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: He's got you on Qantas flight 2735. It's
dialog: going to be delayed.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You'll be fine. I'm going to lose
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Ethan, you take care of yourself, I'll
dialog: take care of myself because if push comes
dialog: to shove, I'm gonna bail - and without
dialog: giving two week notice.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: Well, forewarned is forearmed. And while
dialog: we're at it, be especially sensitive to
dialog: any sudden change in Ambrose's plans,
dialog: especially any involving you..
text: They rise. A quick squeeze of her hand and he's gone. A look of
text: something like longing replaces the toughness as she gazes after
text: him, then starts across the street toward the limo and driver. MI
text: music theme kicks in and continues over:
scene_heading: POV HELICOPTER (MOVING - SYDNEY - DAY)
text: over the Harbor Bridge, sails dotting the bay like confetti.
speaker_heading: EXT - FARM (DAY)
text: pans of sheep are bleating and looking for sort of cover in
text: response to the sound of a helicopter touching down.
speaker_heading: EXT - COPTER (DAY)
text: Billy and Luther emerge, Luther with computer looking acutely
text: uncomfortable in a wrinkled suit.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: Welcome to Australia, mate.
text: They look up to a smiling Ethan who points to the ground beneath
text: Luther's feet. Luther looks down to see that he is standing in a
dialog: pile of sheep-shit.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Thanks - mate.
text: Both men laugh and all three move to:
speaker_heading: INT - FARMHOUSE (DAY)
text: Luther and Billy with Ethan setting up their operation. There's
text: a blip on one of the screens.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: It's the transponder.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Put in the coordinates and let's get a
text: visual. The visuals aren't coming up.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: The satellite doesn't work as fast as I
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Yeah, I've heard about you, Luther, and I
dialog: just want to tell you it's an honor and a
dialog: pleasure to be working with you blokes,
dialog: whoaa! That's some transponder!
text: As Billy speaks, the visual come on line and Nyah has become
dialog: visible.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: (a jaundiced eye, to Ethan)
dialog: It certainly is. How did we get so lucky?
text: Ethan pointedly ignore the question.
speaker_heading: POV - MOVING (PALM BEACH - DAY)
text: rounding the tip of the bay's crescent, revealing the beach and
text: dock at Ambrose's palm-lined residence.
speaker_heading: NYAH
text: The speedboat's engine's are cut. Nyah looks momentarily
dialog: stricken.
speaker_heading: POV NYAH (MOVING)
text: a lone slender figure silhouetted at the end of the dock, still
text: as the piling besides which it stands. But the features remain
text: obscured by the sun at his back.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: leans forward as the slender figure grows larger,
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (to Ethan)
dialog: Is it him, then?
speaker_heading: POV - MOVING
text: The tide is too low for the boat to dock, making it necessary for
text: he boat to approach the shore. The slender figure moves off the
text: end of the dock and onto the beach.
speaker_heading: THE CIGARETTE
text: idles into shadow water but the props start chewing into the
text: sand - the boatman grumbles he can't get any closer. The slender
text: figure has moved to the shoreline and the angle of the light
text: changes - Ambrose is waiting.
text: Nyah hesitates only a flicker of an instant, slips over the side
text: into thigh-high water without taking her eyes off Ambrose.
text: Ambrose strides right on into the bay. as they are just an arm's
dialog: length apart:
speaker_heading: NYAH
text: takes a deep breath, presses the button to scramble the
text: transponder.
scene_heading: WITH ETHAN (INT. SHEEPFARM SAFEHOUSE)
text: The picture abruptly goes dead.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Damn. Just when it was about to get
dialog: interesting.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: It's okay. She scrambled the
dialog: transmission. Luther, continue feeding
text: the GPS her position.
text: Luther punches in. The signal - and the global coordinates are
dialog: given. They wait.
speaker_heading: INT - SPACE
text: The satellite positions itself.
speaker_heading: WITH THE THREE
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Can't we speed this up.
text: Luther shoots him a disgusted look.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: With what? This is the only computer
dialog: that'll do this.
dialog: 
text: THE SIGNALS AND PHOTOS
text: start to bounce back, growing larger and larger on the screen,
text: until: Nyah can be seen, water up to her thighs, lingering in
text: Ambrose's arms with each blow-up, and linger. And lingering.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: - right. Now there's a bloke who knows
dialog: how to deliver a proper welcome. Don't
dialog: get me wrong, mate. You were quite
dialog: hospitable. Is it him, then?
text: Ethan's look suggests he's worried about lapse in recruiting
dialog: judgment.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: It is, Billy.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Then we got'em!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: We don't know what we've got because we
dialog: don't know what he's got, where he's got
dialog: it or what he's doing in Sydney with it.
text: Ethan strides away from the screen, the edge in his voice and the
text: move not altogether lost on either Luther or Billy.
scene_heading: INT - THE BAY (EXT. PALM BEACH - DAY)
text: Perfectly poised, still loosely in his arms, Nyah returns
text: Ambrose's penetrating gaze with a pleasant, clear eyed one.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Not much luggage.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: I left in a bit of a hurry. I'm terribly
dialog: grateful, Sean.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: How grateful?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Well that depends.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: On what.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: How hard you had to work to get me out of
dialog: there..how in the world did you ever find me?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: How I usually find you, Nyah.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: How do you that.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Magic...
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Ahh..
scene_heading: POV THRU TENT ANNEX WINDOW (AMBROSE COMPOUND)
text: looking down the length of the dock. Ambrose, his arm around
text: Nyah and carrying her suitcase, moves up the dock toward the
text: house and camera.
text: Stamp steps into the annex and looks over to Wallis, who watches
text: Nyah on the monitors.
speaker_heading: WALLIS
text: No flies on her.
text: (checking her on a scanner
dialog: screen)
dialog: No bugs either. She's clean.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: (drily)
dialog: All cats are.
scene_heading: INT - ETHAN - SAFEHOUSE (SHEEP FARM - DAY)
text: Ethan watches the Nekhorvich video on the computer screen.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: ...therefore in a search for our hero,
dialog: Bellerophon, we created a monster,
dialog: Chimera.
text: Ethan then flips through a series of pictures on the computer
text: depicting the myth of Bellerophon attacking Chimera.
text: Billy moves up behind him.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What you got there, mate?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: A myth..just a myth...shouldn't you be
dialog: checking out their countersurveillance?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Well you know his blokes'll place the
dialog: OSCOR in his annex, where else if you're
dialog: pinpointing transmitters, video signals,
dialog: covert chip cameras, anything radiating,
dialog: oscillating..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: ..or hard wired..
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (please)
dialog: - or hard wired, right. First line of
dialog: perimeter defence'll run from the back of
text: the dock to the front of the house.
dialog: Whatever moves burps or bleep is gonna be
text: picked up to a height of twenty feet.
dialog: Basically impenetrable, I'd say.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Ethan, here's Nekhorvich, and here's his
dialog: boss
text: Luther scans an entry from the IMF database with newspaper
text: clippings, sidebars of still of McCloy and Nekhorvich.
speaker_heading: LUTHER (cont'd)
text: McCloy, Jon Chaddick, CEO Biocyte
dialog: Pharmaceuticals..D.O.B. September 30,
dialog: 1952, Manchester, England.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (a little lost)
dialog: Well do you disagree with that?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Not at all. But how about going into town
dialog: and confirming your intuitions on site?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Oh well, if that's how you feel about it.
text: Billy leaves.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: ..then Cambridge..Harvard..entrepreneurial
dialog: efforts..in efforts..in 1989, acquired Biocyte in
dialog: hostile takeover..
text: As Luther transfer info to Ethan's computer:
speaker_heading: LUTHER (cont'd)
dialog: Ethan, have a look at this.
text: On Ethan's screen appears the Biocyte website; where among he
text: various icons one offer McCloy's proud detailing of Biocyte's
dialog: philanthropic efforts:
speaker_heading: MCCLOY'S VOICE
dialog: We at out state-of-the-art solar powered
dialog: Biocyte building recognized that eternal
dialog: vigilance is the price of health.. whether
dialog: it's funding the teaching center at the
dialog: Royal Prince Edward Hospital, removing
dialog: aerosol products from the marker or
text: braving the influenza quarantine at Bruny
dialog: island late last month..at Biocyte your
dialog: life..is our life's work..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (quietly)
text: ..Biocyte workers at Bruny Island.
speaker_heading: INT - AMBROSE'S (DAY)
text: They've reached the head of the stairs. Ambrose opens a door.
text: It's a large bedroom opening onto a veranda with a view of the
text: tent annex and the beach, and a very large bed.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Your room.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (yes)
dialog: Mmmm.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: And my room?
text: A long moment. Ambrose walks to a mirrored wall. The mirrors
text: are sliding doors. With a sweeping gesture, he slides one of the
text: mirrors back and reveals a wardrobe of beautiful designer
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Thought you could use a little something
dialog: to wear.
text: Nyah stares at the spectacular wardrobe. Ambrose pulls out a
text: slinky Armani and drapes it on the bed.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE ( cont'd)
dialog: Try it on..
text: Nyah hesitates.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: Go ahead. I'm dying to see if I
dialog: remembered your size..
text: Nyah picks it up.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: No changing room?
text: Ambrose sits on a chair by the window and waits. Her blouse,
text: belt, skirt, fall on the bed. As her slender arm reaches down to
dialog: pick up the Armani:
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
text: grips her wrist, the flimsy Armani dangling in the air.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - NYAH
text: meeting Ambrose's look.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: You're not interested in seeing how it
dialog: looks.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Oh, I am. Later..
text: The Armani falls in a fragile heap on the floor.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ETHAN (DUSK)
text: standing off to one side, listening to Nekhorvich's voice.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: ..therefore in a search for our hero,
dialog: Bellerophon, we created a monster,
dialog: Chimera.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Why's Nekhorvich going on about an old Greek myth?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Nekhorvich specialized in recombining DNA
text: molecules. In the myth, Bellerophon killed
text: Chimera, a recombinant monster with the head
text: of a lion and the tail of a serpent who
dialog: plagued the ancient world. I think Nekhorvich
dialog: has created a monster virus in Chimera and
dialog: apparently the means to kill it in
dialog: Bellerophon.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: That simple, huh?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Why not?
scene_heading: CLOSE - NYAH (INT. AMBROSE BEDROOM - DUSK)
text: lying back on a pillow, looking and off into space to right
text: off camera. She hears Ambrose's voice, with Ethan's voice
scene_heading: AMBROSE'S VOICE/ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: Damn, you're beautiful..
text: Nyah reacts as if she'd been rapped on the nose, her eyes
text: moist. She turns abruptly to camera.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Did you say something?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
text: leaning on an elbow, looking down.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: I said you're beautiful, Nyah.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Only because..it's spring..chalk it up
dialog: (looking him dead in the eye)
dialog: - to spring fever.
text: Ambrose, amused, lights a cigarette and inhaling:
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Won't do, love. It's not spring. It's
dialog: nearly autumn..You're in Oz. everything's
text: upside down and backwards here.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (more direct)
dialog: Maybe that's it, then. Everything's upside
dialog: down and backwards...
scene_heading: CLOSE - ETHAN (SHEEP FARM SAFEHOUSE - DUSK)
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Luther..get us everything you can on the
dialog: outbreak of influenza on Bruny Island last
dialog: month, including photos of the victims.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Right. I guess there aren't many flu
text: epidemics in the middle of summer.
text: Luther resumes working on his computer and sees Ethan is locked
text: on Ambrose's compound on his computer screen, thinking of Nyah.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LUTHER (cont'd)
dialog: She did it, Ethan. Nyah's in the
dialog: compound.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Yeah? I've just rolled up a snowball and
text: tosses it into hell.
text: Ethan stands.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE SHEEP FARM SAFEHOUSE
text: A brooding Ethan exits the sheep farm safehouse under a setting
dialog: sun.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: Now we'll see what chance it has.
text: Ethan stops, looking out over the broken plain. His voice is
text: heard overlapping into the next scene.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Damn, You're beautiful.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - NYAH (NIGHT)
text: lying in bed, obviously hearing Ethan's voice again, and feeling
text: very much alone. She stares out into the night, a gaze that in
text: its bemused intensity is an exact match to Ethan's.
speaker_heading: FADE:
scene_heading: CLOSE - PHOTO - HONG KONG TIMES (INT. AMBROSE STUDY - EARLY DAWN)
text: its front page, except for the headlines and date, covered with
text: stacks of paper money, banded bundled dollars piled high as a
text: cord of wood. The amount $24 millions is written in ink over the
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Twenty-four mil..
text: Ambrose's hands shift to another photo of another newspaper, the
text: LONDON TIMES, this one piled high with English pounds and the
dialog: written amount: 37 million pounds.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE'S VOICE
dialog: Thirty-seven million pounds. That's a
dialog: promising bid.
text: The third photo is of the AFTERNOON ARUBAN, with $14 million
text: packaged on it.
text: Ambrose, wearing a robe and seated at a glass-topped table, sets
text: this last photo on the table on top the others. He picks up
text: Nekhorvich's digital camera, removes the film disk, and snaps it
text: into its plastic case. He places the case into an envelope
text: (NOTE: The same envelope seen at the track) and hands it to
dialog: Stamp.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: We'll need this at the track. Well then.
dialog: Sorted.
text: Stamp is seated near him. Glances toward Ambrose's bedroom and
text: Nyah asleep in Ambrose's bed.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Not everything. Why do you think she's
dialog: really here?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: From her point of view or mine?
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Wasn't exactly gagging for it when she
dialog: left you six months ago..The question is,
dialog: do you trust her?
text: As he speaks, Ambrose pulls a cigar case and a cutter out of his
text: robe. Takes a cigar out of the case and clips the end of the
text: cigar; the razor-sharp cutter decapitates the tip of the cigar
text: like a guillotine.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: One considers her timing, of course -
dialog: getting nicked within a week of the plane
dialog: going down. Suggestive, even borderline
text: suspicious, but hardly conclusive.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Well, you've thorough about it, at any
dialog: rate.
text: Ambrose opens the cutter again to clean off the fragments of
text: tobacco trapped by the cut.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Tell me, Hugh. You don't exactly hang on
dialog: Nyah's every word and gesture, do you?
dialog: Fairly ratty nail, that.
text: Sean touches the nail of Stamp's left pinkie finger. Stamp
text: reacts by slightly withdrawing his hand.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Sean..
text: With his left hand Ambrose grabs Stamp's left wrist.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: You're not scrutinizing any casual shrug
dialog: for some hair-splitting nuance, are you?
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Sean, please..
text: Sean pulls Stamp's hand closer.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Suppose she is some sort of Trojan horse
dialog: sent in by IMF to spy in us, why should I
dialog: deny myself the pleasure of a ride or two?
dialog: Or don't you think I can learn more from
dialog: her than she can from me?
text: Ambrose twists Stamp's wrist so that Stamp drops to one knee
text: trying to alleviate the pain.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: I do!..
text: Ambrose leans in close to Stamp's face as he places the cutter
text: around Stamp's pinkie.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Now Hugh, you must realize that some of us
dialog: have the burden of sex to deal with..and
dialog: my dear chap. I may or may not know why
dialog: she thinks she's here, but I'm willing to
dialog: take the risk, because Hugh, I am gaging
dialog: for it..
text: Ambrose closes the cutter on Stamp's finger and cuts the nail,
text: just nicking the top of the finger and drawing blood. Stamp
text: cries out. Ambrose tosses Stamp a napkin, light his cigar and
dialog: exhale.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: Don't ever question my judgment again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EMPTY FRAME (EXT. RANDWICK RACE TRACK - DAY)
text: with no sound, the back stretch an unrecognizable blur until
text: horses at high speed burst into the frame bringing with them the
text: sight and sound of their great nostrils snorting and gasping for
text: jostling and going to the whip, the sound of the crowd
text: overwhelming all but the announcer's voice carrying everyone
text: around the far turn and into the home stretch with a ringing,
text: controlled frenzy.
speaker_heading: EXT - PRIVATE BLEACHER (DAY)
text: Nyah and Ambrose rising as the horses cross the finish.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You won.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (looking at her ticket)
dialog: I suppose I did.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: What made you pick <i>that</i> nag? She'd never
dialog: won a bloody thing.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: 'Thief in the Night?'
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Say no more. I'm off to grab a drink.
dialog: Still favor Bellinis?
text: She smiles, a little shakily. Ambrose leaves.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Naturally Vain..
text: It's Billy passing behind her.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Pardon me?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: 'Naturally Vain.' In the fourth.
dialog: Check her out. She's due.
text: Billy hands her a chest sheet and moves on. She opens it to the
text: fourth race. Taped onto 'Naturally Vain' is a small plastic
text: piece with the note. she regards the note, places the plastic
text: piece in her ear.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: You can speak as if I'm right by your
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (picking up binoculars)
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
text: At the mounting enclosure, just off the
text: tracks at two o'clock.
scene_heading: THRU BINOCULARS - NYAH'S POV - MOVING
text: thru the crowd onto the track over to the pre-post paddock where
text: an animated gaggle of owners, heavy batters and investerace touts
text: surround it. Only Ethan is stock still - and looking up at Nyah.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - NYAH
text: a swift intake of breath as she see him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: How's it going? Everything okay?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Just like old times.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Just like old times?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Just about..
text: She appears to be the picture of unruffled sang-froid.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Tell me who you've run into at Ambrose's.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S POV (THRU GLASSES)
text: moving from Nyah to the champagne bar just behind where Ambrose
text: is seen greeting someone in the crowd and they sit at a corner
text: table in front of the window overlooking the track.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (a breath, then:)
dialog: Near as I can tell, there's at least a
text: half-dozen other blokes about the place.
dialog: Maybe more. Hugh Stamp, an old mate of
dialog: Sean's, is the only one I recognize, bit
dialog: of a creep and then some..
speaker_heading: POV ETHAN
text: Stamp, stands a pillar, his finger bandages, looking
text: glum and looking down at Nyah.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: We know him. He's over your left
dialog: shoulder, looking right at you as you go on..
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: - Michael, his driver's an Aussie, new to
dialog: me. Then there's the blokes in the
text: annex at the back of the house.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Have you met them?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Annex is strictly off limits to me and
dialog: they never come to the main house,
dialog: Michael even takes their meals to them
text: all but shoves them under the door.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (looking into Champagne Bar)
dialog: I've no doubt.
scene_heading: ETHAN'S POV MONOCULAR VIDEO RANGE FINDER
text: of Ambrose sitting with someone whose face is obscured from his
dialog: angle by bar patrons.
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: is also looking.
scene_heading: POV RANGE FINDER BILLY
text: and from his point of view it can be seen that Ambrose is talking
text: with John McCloy, the head Biocyte. Ambrose takes an envelope
text: out of his inner left jacket pocket and from it pulls out a small
text: plastic container marked 'S.G.' (Identical to the object first
text: seen in Nekhorvich's satchel at airport security.) He opens it
text: and removes a small shiny object about the size of a quarter. He
text: turns to the window and gestures. Stamp enters the bar.
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: Ambrose is meeting some bloke in the bar.
dialog: Big bloke, ginger hair. They're into
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S POV
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I'll be damned. It's McCloy, the Biocyte
dialog: CEO.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Nekhorvich's boss?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: NYAH
text: Ambrose has photographs of newspapers with
dialog: loads of money piled on them -- thirty-
dialog: seven million on the London Times. What's
dialog: that about?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Bids from possible Chimera buyers -- to
dialog: prove that as of the date on the newspaper
dialog: those bids are back up by earnest money --
scene_heading: INT - VAN - LUTHER
text: is monitoring both cameras. All see Ambrose give the little
text: wafer-like object to Stamp who places it in a small camera, hands
text: it back to Ambrose and exits, waiting just outside the glass
text: door. Ambrose hands the camera to McCloy who looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: Looks like Ambrose is showing McCloy how
dialog: to use a digital camera..
text: McCloy puts it to his eye, fumbles, then with Ambrose's
dialog: direction:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: Whatever McCloy's looking at, he's not
dialog: happy about.
text: McCloy puts the camera down. The two men have words. McCloy
text: shakily leave the table. Ambrose opens the camera.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: Ambrose just pulled the memory card out of
text: the digital camera and put it into an
text: envelope, put it in his inner left jacket
dialog: pocket...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Left jacket pocket?
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Roger that.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: Confirm. Left jacket pocket.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: Left jacket pocket confirmed.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ETHAN BY THE MOUNTING ENCLOSURE
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: Nyah, Ambrose is heading back. There's an
dialog: enveloped inside --
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: -- his left jacket pocket.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Affirmative.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
text: passes by Stamp on his way back, hands him the camera.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (after a brief pause)
dialog: Where do I meet you?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: Betting table twelve off the paddock.
dialog: Nyah, are you up to this?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: I'll muddle through.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE - BLEACHER (DAY)
text: Ambrose arriving with a pair of drinks. Nyah rises.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: See anything you like?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Yeah. Naturally vain -- but they're about
dialog: to close the betting table and I haven't a
dialog: sou..
text: While Ambrose is still juggling the drinks, Nyah reaches into his
text: trouser pockets, and rummages around.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Nyah!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Billy, make sure Nyah's not followed.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: No worries, mate.
text: She pulls out a fifty-dollar note.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Would you mind terribly?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: (amused and turned on)
dialog: - not at all. But you'll pay for that
dialog: and with interest..
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: I've no doubt..
text: She heads up the stairs.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
text: (reaching into his pocket for
dialog: money)
dialog: Hold on.
text: Ambrose grabs her arm, and she almost drops the envelope she's
dialog: just lifted. (NOTE: It is important not to see her actually lift
text: it). She's holding it, pinned between her right arm and side. As
text: it's slipping, she notes Stamp above her, looking down and has to
dialog: conceal what she's holding from him as well:
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: Put down a couple of hundred for.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: To win?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: What else?
text: She takes it and as she does the envelope falls, but she manages
text: to catch it with her left hand, blocking the move with her body
text: as she does.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - NYAH
text: moves along the aisle.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: Luther, smallest digital you got. Ready
text: to transmit. Betting table twelve.
speaker_heading: EXT - VAN (DAY)
text: designated as NEW SOUTH WALES DELIVERIES, 'anytime, anywhere.'
text: Luther bursts out of the van, carrying the tiny camera and begins
text: to thread his way thru cars and foot traffic.
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: in dramatic contrast ambles at a conspicuously leisurely pace.
speaker_heading: NYAH
text: passes Stamp, not seeing him standing just a row above, blocked
text: from her by one of the pillars. Stamp idly regards her and then
text: decides: he follows.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: perspiring, approaches the betting table thru the last of the
text: parked cars.
speaker_heading: STAMP
text: approaches the door thru which Nyah had gone and starts to open
text: it - only to have the door slammed in his face and on his
text: bandaged finger by Billy, in a track usher's uniforms.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (very solicitous)
dialog: Sorry about that, mate, that must've
dialog: really - aggrhh!..
text: Even as Stamp winces in pain his arm has shot out and Billy finds
text: himself pinned to the wall gasping for air. If he'd been welded
text: there by a band of steal he'd have more room to maneuver.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Say again?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Aggrhh-aggrhh-aggrhh...
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Whatever you're about in future, watch
dialog: your step. Never know who you might run
dialog: into...
text: Stamp looks around, Nyah's nowhere in sight. He's lost her. Sees
text: his hand's bleeding and lets Billy go, who nearly drops to the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Where's the loo then?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (pointing up)
dialog: - aggrhh-aggrhh-aggrhh...
text: Stamp heads up the men's room.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (croaking it out)
dialog: ...
text: Shakes his head, feeling lucky to escape with his life.
scene_heading: EXT - PADDOCK - BETTING TABLE TWELVE
text: Nyah into shot. Stands in line. She looks around.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: How'd you do? Don't turn around.
text: Nyah turns and looks Ethan dead in the eye.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: I managed.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You noticed. What're you going to do?
dialog: Spank me?
text: She slips Ethan the envelope. Ethan himself returns the look,
dialog: holding it in spite of:
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
text: Stamp's out of the loo.
text: Luther arrives, with the camera, opening for Ethan. Nyah turns
text: away. Ethan pulls out the tiny memory card, slips it in the
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (looking into camera)
dialog: This is going to take a couple of
dialog: minutes..
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: is racing back to the van.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: There in twenty, Ethan..
speaker_heading: NYAH AND ETHAN (IN LINE)
text: edge toward the window.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
dialog: Stamp's a little shaky, but headed your
dialog: way, mate.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Copy that.
dialog: (to Nyah)
dialog: Who do you like? In the race?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (nervous, she's heard Billy
dialog: too)
dialog: What race are we talking about?
speaker_heading: INT - VAN (DAY)
dialog: A sweaty Luther:
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: I'm booted up. Go, Ethan.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
text: He's heading down the stairs, now..
text: Ethan places the digital camera on play and begins to go thru the
text: stills. As they cliff off, Ethan is visibly affected.
scene_heading: LUTHER IN THE VAN
text: watches the stills as well. He's no less affected.
speaker_heading: ETHAN WITH NYAH
text: He mutters some expletive under his breath, then, evenly:
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I want you out of Ambrose's place.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
text: He's one tier from the bottom.
text: Ethan glances over to the bottom of the stairs.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: As he lowers camera and removes the memory card.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I want <i>you out of there.</i>
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Why? What's happened. What did you see?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Thirty steps..
text: Slipping card back into envelope.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Nyah, you've done more than enough. Even
dialog: the best of snake charmers get bit.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Ethan, tell me -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
dialog: Twenty, nineteen..
text: Ethan's been talking to someone he's been urging to walk, not run
text: to the nearest exit. Now he drops all pretence:
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I want you out of Australia!
dialog: (more quickly)
dialog: ..I don't know how much more plainly I can
dialog: put it.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: How do you suggest I go about it?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: He's touched your heart. You're
dialog: overwhelmed. You need to think it over.
dialog: You'll meet him somewhere in a month. If
dialog: You're not out in 48 hours I'm coming in
dialog: and getting you out. Give me the ear
dialog: piece.
text: She just gets it out of her hear and gives it to Ethan when she
text: reaches the bookie who warns her to get down her bet. She gives
text: him her money and gets the tickets just as the buzzer goes off -
text: no more bets. Flustered by it she picks up her tickets but drops
text: the envelope. She quickly kneels and scrambles to recover it,
text: tucking it away and looking up - to see Stamp standing over her.
text: almost exactly where Ethan had stood when she looked away.
speaker_heading: NYAH
text: tries not to register alarm while she gauges how much Stamp had
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Get your bet down?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Just..
text: She rises. Stamp waits only a moment then follows.
speaker_heading: AT THE PRIVATE BLEACHERS (DAY)
text: everyone's on their feet, the horses are in the backstretch.
text: Ambrose is watching the race through binoculars. Nyah comes up
text: behind and puts her arms around him. With her left hand she puts
text: the envelope into his right jacket pocket.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Your nag is making a run for it on the
dialog: outside!
dialog: (lowering binoculars)
dialog: Bloody hell, Nyah!
text: She's momentarily startled. Then:
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (CONT'D)
dialog: You picked another winner!
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Well, that's good, isn't?
scene_heading: A BLOW UP (INT. SHEEP FARM IMF SAFEHOUSE - DAY)
text: of a shot from a digital camera card.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: Dr. Segi Gradski, Nekhorvich's
dialog: colleague and lifelong friend..
text: The photos is coded with the data in the lower left hand corner,
text: 01.27.99, the time in the right, 10:02:56 A.M. Burned into the
dialog: photo is '20 hours, 03 minutes after exposure.'
text: Ethan paunches in.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: Twenty hours and three minutes after
dialog: exposure.
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Twenty hours.
text: Ethan doesn't say anything for a moment, then goes on to the next
dialog: photo on the card: '25 hours, 40 minutes after exposure.' It's
text: Gradski again. Gradski's eyes are darkly circled, his skull look
text: mottled.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Six hours later.
dialog: Another photo: '31 hours, 30 minutes after exposure.' Gradski's
text: bleeding from nose, mouth and ears, the skin eruptions are
text: pervasive, his body an open wound.
speaker_heading: ETHAN ( cont'd)
dialog: Six more hours.
dialog: The next photo. '34 hours, 25 minutes after exposure.' Gradski's
text: body at rest.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (cont'd)
text: Three hours after that, Gradski was dead..
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Here's a victim from the Bruny Island
dialog: outbreak.
text: The victim's face shows a devastation undeniably like Gradski's.
text: A long, long moment as Ethan, Luther, and Billy sit in silence.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Oh, happy day.
text: Ethan looks again at the first photo of Gradski.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Nekhorvich said 'However we travel, I
dialog: must arrive at my destination within 20 hours
dialog: hours of departure.'
scene_heading: CLOSE - NYAH (EXT. AMBROSE VERANDA - LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Nyah is on the balcony. Ambrose enters with two glasses of
dialog: champagne.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: To Australia. It's made so many convicts
dialog: feel at home. Here's hoping it does the
dialog: same for you..
text: He laughs. She doesn't.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Sean, there's something I've been meaning
dialog: to talk to you about... Isn't going to be
dialog: easy for me to say.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (jocular)
dialog: Then don't say it.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: I don't know what to do about you, Sean.
dialog: I'm more than a bit muddled. I need time.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: To do what?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Sort it all out.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: And you're going to have time. There's
dialog: been a change of plans.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: A change of plans?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Yes. We won't be able to have dinner
dialog: tonight. Something's come up. I hope you
dialog: don't mind.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Oh, no, not at all. Maybe just a bit.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Ulrich will be about. He'll look after
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Lovely.
scene_heading: INT - AMBROSE STUDY (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Ambrose enters, slips off his jacket and hangs it over a chair.
text: He walks to a desk and brings up a computer the Biocyte website
text: and McCloy infomercial. Stamp notes that Ambrose is
text: on the computer and moves to the desk.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: I thought you were going to dinner.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (pulling up something on the
dialog: computer)
dialog: Hugh, take care of the Nekhorvich memory
dialog: card.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: In the envelope in my pocket. My
dialog: right.. jacket..pocket..
text: Stamp leans over and pulls out the envelope. As he does he sees
text: Ambrose has pulled up and started to play McCloy's informercial.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: We've got an opportunity here. I'm not
dialog: going to miss it..
scene_heading: CAMERA CARD PHOTOS (INT. SHEEP FARM - ETHAN &amp; CREW)
text: a microscopic view of myriads of ugly green spiky objects amid
text: exploding red ones..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: Chimera attacking human blood..
text: One more shot. A lavender stained group of spiky objects amid
text: exploding the green ones.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (cont'd)
text: Bellerophon attacking Chimera..
text: On an adjacent screen is a frozen frame of McCloy looking thru
text: the digital camera at the racetrack.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Ambrose obviously got these from
text: Nekhorvich on the plane.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: What manic invents disease like that in
dialog: the first place? Why would he do it?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I don't know, but Nekhorvich was not a
dialog: manic. Get me a twenty on Nyah.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: She must still be on the property.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I told her to get outta there.
speaker_heading: EXT - LIMO (EVE)
text: McCloy gets in the rear of the limo and lights up a cigar. The
text: limo takes off. another car pulls out and tags along behind the
dialog: limo.
speaker_heading: INT - OTHER CAR (MOVING)
text: Michael at the wheel.
speaker_heading: INT - LIMO - MOVING (EVE)
text: McCloy doesn't like the taste of the cigar, goes to toss it out
text: but the electronic window button doesn't work. He notices the
text: evening paper partially open on the seat. His name leaps out. He
dialog: opens the paper
speaker_heading: THE HEADLINES
text: announce that John C. McCloy, CEO of Biocyte, Inc., one of the
dialog: world's leading pharmaceutical companies, has died of a straight
dialog: and terrible strain of influenza
text: Shocked, McCloy drops the paper, calling out:
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: George. George. George.
text: The drover doesn't turn around. McCloy can't believe it. He
text: bangs on chauffeur window. The driver turns on the air
text: conditioning in the rear of the limo. McCloy clutches his throat
text: and passes out.
scene_heading: MCCLOY (INT. ICU UNIT - NIGHT)
text: regains consciousness. He's got tubes coming out of every
text: orifice and is contained in the equivalent of a plastic bubble.
text: Drenched in perspiration and he looks around for a call button.
text: He grips the side of the bed.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: Bloody room..just..shut your eyes, shut
dialog: your eyes.
text: He can't resist. Opens them to look up thru the plastic to see:
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
text: a shimmering blur coming in and out of focus.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY (cont'd)
dialog: I'll be buggered!..What's this then?
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
text: A visit from an old friend.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: What's happening here? You're dead!
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: Fatigued, certainly. But dead is a little
dialog: extreme. On the other hand, when me dear
dialog: Gradski had your pulse and blood pressure
text: he has less than ten hours to live.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: It was in the bloody papers, on the
dialog: telly..what's this about Gradski?
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: You are infected with <i>Chimera,</i> my friend.
scene_heading: INT - AMBROSE BEDROOM (NIGHT) NYAH
text: is on the phone.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: International, please. I'd like to make a
dialog: reservation on the next available flight tonight.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Where is next available flight going?
text: The operator answers.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Fine. I'll take it.
text: She hangs up, goes to the door. The house is eerily silent.
speaker_heading: POV - STAIRWELL (NIGHT)
text: a play of shadows, the sound of the kitchen fridge.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - NYAH
text: Moves softly downstairs &amp; hesitates at bottom, glancing about.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Ulrich?..Ulrich!...
text: Silence. she goes into the kitchen. No one. She goes out the door.
scene_heading: OVER NYAH'S SHOULDER - MOVING (EXT. SYDNEY - NIGHT)
text: running pell-mell down to the shore. Stops. Looks outside the
text: small skiff moored at the end of the dock. It's dark and she
text: decides to chance it. She moves onto the pier, trying to glide
text: by the boathouse. A figure darts out and grabs her. She tries to
text: scream but can't. The figure whips her around and she sees:
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Easy, easy, easy, shhh!
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Oh Ethan!..
text: She throws her arms around him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: I am now. Get me out of here. Just get
dialog: me out of here.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: It's going to be okay.
text: He holds her.
scene_heading: INT - HOSPITAL ROOM
text: McCloy's strapped down, but manages to reach the call button and
dialog: push it. Again and again.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: No use, my friend. The medical staff
dialog: wants no part of this. Doctors don't
dialog: fancy the idea of dying any more than
dialog: anybody else.
text: McCloy stares at Nekhorvich for a long moment.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: How could I <i>possibly</i> be infected?
text: Nekhorvich shrugs.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: That's exactly what Gradski said - 27
dialog: hours before he died. With <i>Chimera,</i> the
dialog: most minute exposure can be fatal.
text: McCloy again looks at his vital sign on the monitor. He grips
text: the edge of the hospital bed.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: But then you shouldn't be feeling to ill.
dialog: not for another three of four hours
dialog: anyway.
text: McCloy breaks a fresh sweat in a sudden spasm of anxiety.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: You have Bellerophon.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: Do I?
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: You took it! All of it! And what if I need
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: (amused)
dialog: 'If?' My, my, my...the five hundred
dialog: people on Bruny Island that you
dialog: deliberately infected with <i>Chimera</i> needed
dialog: it as well.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: Oh, please! How was I to know they had to
dialog: be treated with Bellerophon within twenty
dialog: hours?
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: By asking me.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: You still don't get it, do you? You want
dialog: to make an omelet, you break a few eggs -
dialog: <i>I needed to know just how bad the disease
dialog: was</i> - in the real world, not the lab. And
dialog: you never know til you try. You thought
dialog: you were genetically splicing together
dialog: strains of influenza to create a
dialog: cure for all influenzas. But I saw you
dialog: creating a disease so terrible in <i>Chimera</i>
dialog: that the cure would be priceless.
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: You wanted the disease in order to peddle
dialog: the cure.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: Well, the thought had occurred to me. I needed
dialog: Chimera in order to peddle Bellerophon. For
dialog: hero to be appreciated, you need a monster.
dialog: Now that's not so difficult to understand, is
dialog: it? Look, time was a shot of penicillin could
dialog: knock off every bloody bug in the zoo! Not
dialog: anymore!..have you any idea the R&amp;D money it
dialog: takes to float one little pissy boutique
dialog: antibiotic that's barely effective against one
dialog: strain of one bacterium? If I couldn't makes
dialog: money killing the microscopic little shits that
dialog: are out there, you'd help me put one out there
dialog: I can make on!..there it is. I've
dialog: confessed. I, John C. McCloy, am in business
dialog: to make money. Lilly's making billions feeding
dialog: Prozac to depressed dogs. Pfizer doesn't even
dialog: know where to put the money they're making on
dialog: Viagra, and let me tell you that shit didn't do
dialog: a thing for me even at twice the recommended
dialog: dose, Jesus, who do I have to screw to get a
dialog: a break!..now get me out of here, get me treated
dialog: and let's go back to work!..
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
dialog: You know, I think it's a little late for
dialog: that. Do give my regards to Gradski if
dialog: you see him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT - HALLWAY (OUTSIDE MCCLOY'S ROOM)
text: Nekhorvich heaves a sigh and rips off a latex mask, and the vocal
text: oscillator, revealing an exhausted Ethan. Angle widens to
text: include Luther and Billy in hospital greens.
text: Luther and Billy nod in disgusted assent.
speaker_heading: EXT - ANNEX (NIGHT) NYAH
text: holds tight in her embrace with Ethan.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Ethan, you know what frightens me most
dialog: when I'm with him?..the thought of never
dialog: seeing you..how are we getting out of here?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Nyah, it's very important not do
dialog: anything to alarm Ambrose..
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: What? You told me to get out of here. I
dialog: thought you were here to collect me. I
dialog: was so relieved.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (with growing urgency)
dialog: No time to explain. You've done well,
dialog: and we're so close. So close. It's
dialog: critical that you do whatever Ambrose
dialog: asks. Don't worry - it'll be over soon..
dialog: That's a promise.. Come on, now off you
dialog: go!
text: He gives her an affectionate smile and she reluctantly heads back
text: to the house, her expression troubled, even suspicious.
scene_heading: INT - HALLWAY (OUTSIDE MCCLOY'S ROOM)
text: Having just taken off the mask, Ethan stands with Luther and Billy.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: (disgusted by what he's heard)
dialog: So Ambrose has Bellerophon and McCloy's
dialog: got Chimera.
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: There guys are walking around with
dialog: different halves of the same dollar bill?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Ambrose got Bellerophon from Nekhorvich
text: on the plane, but he didn't get the Chimera
dialog: virus.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Yeah. Why else would he come back to
dialog: Australia? If he had them both, he could
dialog: sell them anywhere.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: I kill Chimera at Biocyte and he's sitting
dialog: on a cure without a disease.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: You've got the voice print, I'll get us in..
speaker_heading: EXT - AMBROSE HOUSE (NIGHT)
text: Ethan enters and tears off his mask, revealing Ambrose filled
text: with implacable rage. He looks up to see Stamp who's been
text: obviously waiting for him. Tearing the voice oscillator.
text: Leaning with both hands on a counter-surveillance monitor table
text: he stares at the floor, his face rictus of hateful intensity.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: You were right. Hunt stung McCloy
dialog: tonight. He knows. They'll be going into
dialog: Biocyte...
text: Ambrose looks up slowly to Stamp who's been standing by.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Good..then we go where he'll be, don't
dialog: we? Well done, Hugh. Well done.
scene_heading: CHAUFFEUR'S WINDOW (INT. LIMO - EVE)
text: being rapped on by the driver.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
text: wakes with a start. The window's lowered -- Billy's in livery.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You're home, guv'ner. Home..
dialog: It's taking time to register. Then:
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: - where's George. My regular driver.
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Took ill, guv'. Touch of the flu. They
dialog: say it's going around. Nasty business.
dialog: Mind you don't catch a chill now.
text: Still dazed, McCloy manages to nod and exit the limo. Billy
text: drives off.
scene_heading: CLOSE - COMPUTER SCREEN - BIOCYTE BUILDING BLUEPRINTS
scene_heading: (INT. SHEEP FARM SAFEHOUSE)
dialog: including all specifications.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Luther, do you have the building up and
dialog: running?
text: Luther punches in and up comes a squat little island a hundred
text: yards off shore, connected to the mainland by a wooden bridge.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (cont'd)
dialog: That's not exactly it.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Sorry, that it a Biocyte facility, their
dialog: storage structure..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Nyah still on the property?
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: She hasn't left it.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Okay, here you go -
text: As Luther speaks, the building - on his computer graphics, one
text: with the BIOCYTE PHARMACEUTICALS ELEVATORS AND RENDERINGS, is
text: being rapidly morphed to three dimension existence off the
text: rendering specifications by Luther, as if the building itself
text: were being constructed at a madly rapid pace, from its foundation
text: to its reinforced steel structure, to its honeycombing of floors,
text: to its outer skin. Luther's reconstitution of the building lot
text: static, but moving around and above it even as he proceeds.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Let's start from the inside out.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: All storage and production of Chimera is
dialog: done here, in this lab on the forty-second
text: floor, the heart of the building.
speaker_heading: BIOCYTE LAB
text: Only about eight personnel -- chemists in lab coats, workers in
text: bio-containment suits, etc. -- populate the lab, passing through
text: security door and air locks, monitoring the virus stock, pading
dialog: the injection gun, etc.
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
text: Chimera itself is kept in two places: in
text: production vials in an incubation room and
text: housed in a small airtight chamber - inside
text: three injection guns.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
dialog: Mate, you kill it in both places, we're
dialog: laughin' and we go home.
scene_heading: WITH LUTHER AND ETHAN
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Now how to get in there.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: No garage entrance. Lobby's protected by
text: five guards on rotating patrol.
text: Ethan watches the rendition of the Biocyte lobby on screen
speaker_heading: CLOSE - AMBROSE (NIGHT)
text: in overhead light, his eyes are dark pits, somehow underlying her
dialog: saturnine intensity:
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: If you look at Hunt's operational history, he
text: invariably favors misdirection and deception.
dialog: For a start he won't go into Biocyte from the
dialog: ground where he has to risk confrontation
dialog: with security.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Not going in from the ground. Show me the
text: atrium.
scene_heading: INT - BIOCYTE ATRIUM SHAFT
text: The height and extent of the atrium are revealed, as well as its
text: conclusion in a glass floor in the ceiling of the lab.
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: (unhappily)
text: The atrium? One of a kind. Runs down the
dialog: center of the building. Provides 24-hour
dialog: natural light via mirrors and daylight
dialog: storage cells. Optimal growing conditions
text: for the virus. Ends in a glass floor which
text: doubles as part of the lab's ceiling.
scene_heading: WITH LUTHER AND ETHAN
text: Luther sees the glint growing in Ethan's eye.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: Hey, atrium roof closes at sundown.
scene_heading: EXT - BIOCYTE ATRIUM SHAFT
text: As the sun sets, the louvers of the atrium roof begin closing.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: And if the louvers are open for more than
dialog: thirty seconds at night, the Civil
dialog: Emergency alarms are tipped. Those even I
dialog: can't stop. Thirty seconds total to get
dialog: you in and the cable out.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Security?
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: Thirty-second opening in the roof and a
text: 250-foot drop.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I'm not waiting 48 hours. When we're done
text: at Biocyte, if she's not out of Ambrose's,
dialog: I'm going in and getting her out.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - AMBROSE (NIGHT)
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: No, Hunt will prefer to engage in some
text: sort of acrobatic insanity to enter
text: Biocyte somewhere through the atrium where
dialog: security is minimal..
text: Suddenly there's the roar of helicopter rotors.
scene_heading: ETHAN (EXT. SYDNEY - NIGHT)
text: is poised, upside down, on cable against the Sydney skyline.
speaker_heading: THE ATRIUM LOUVERS
text: begin to open.
speaker_heading: WITH LUTHER (INT. VAN)
text: hurriedly working the atrium's controls, hitting 'ENTER',
dialog: repeatedly.
speaker_heading: INT - COPTER (HOVERING)
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Package away in five..four..three..
dialog: two..one...
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: I'm not ready!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I'm gone..
text: Ethan plummets towards the atrium.
scene_heading: WITH LUTHER (INT. VAN - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: (frantically working controls)
dialog: C'mon! C'mon! C'mon!
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S DESCENT
text: is so swift it appears as though he's going to hit the atrium
text: louvers but as he reaches roof level they crack open just enough
dialog: for him to dart thru like thread thru a needle
text: Luther begins the countdown. His countdown continues, running
text: under the action and dialogue below.
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: ..nineteen..eighteen..seventeen...
scene_heading: ETHAN IN MID-DESCENT (MOVING)
text: moves down the shaft of bluish light, past the building's walls.
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: (low)
dialog: ..sixteen..fifteen..
text: Ethan streaks thru the beams of light toward the atrium floor.
scene_heading: INT - ATRIUM FLOOR - ETHAN
text: reaches the end of the cord, slows himself to a stop and sees
text: the security guard through the window. The guard starts as he
text: catches a glimpse of Ethan's reflection in the control panels.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Luther, I'm looking at security.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - LUTHER
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: (utterly shocked)
dialog: Oh. Uh. Commencing diversion.
dialog: (sotto voce, typing swiftly)
text: Alarm in cosmetics.
scene_heading: INT - ATRIUM FLOOR
text: Ethan swings himself up to the ledge above the guard's window,
text: putting himself out of the puzzled guard's sight.
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: Gotta get that cable out.
text: Ethan unhooks the cord and flips to the atrium floor. An alarm
text: goes off.
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: There it goes..
text: Still confused and concerned, the guard doesn't immediately react
text: to the alarm or the ringing phone. He finally answers the phone.
speaker_heading: GUARD #2'S VOICE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: AY! what's the matter with you? Can't you
dialog: hear the alarm's gone off in cosmetics?
text: The first guard gives up what's confused him.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Right. Then I guess I'll have to trot off
dialog: to see who's pinching eyeliner, won't I.
dialog: (exits, grumbling)
dialog: I'll even check the stairwell on the way.
speaker_heading: UP ANGLE - CABLE
text: being swiftly retracted toward the atrium's opening as it closes.
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: Retracting cable.
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: (low)
dialog: Three..two..one..
scene_heading: UP ANGLE - ATRIUM
text: The cable just makes it thru the atrium as the louvers close.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
dialog: Cable's clear.
scene_heading: INT - ATRIUM FLOOR - ETHAN
text: reaches down and presses a silent beeper.
speaker_heading: WITH LUTHER (INT. VAN)
text: sees a little red diamond-shaped light pop on his screen
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: Transponder activated..Reading package and
dialog: Cable is clean.
dialog: (exhaling, relieved)
text: He's on his way.
text: Staring at the buildings control panels.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (INT. ATRIUM)
text: hugs the floor just out of sight of the befuddled security guard.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE'S VOICE
dialog: He'll make the attempt at the only possible time
dialog: for both of us, 11 P.M. - when the guards rotate
text: and the buildings air-filtration generators go
text: active, covering the sound of his break-in..
speaker_heading: WITH LUTHER
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: Ethan, the generators are about to go active.
dialog: We'll be out of contact for eleven minutes.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - GENERATORS
text: dark and silent.
speaker_heading: GENERATORS
text: turn over and roar to life.
scene_heading: ETHAN AT BOTTOM OF ATRIUM
text: cuts into the glass floor, pops it out, and drops thru the
text: opening. None of it's heard under the generators..
text: Ethan drops onto the lab floor and heads across the lab and up
text: the ramp to the hot zone.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE'S VOICE
dialog: The frequency of the generators operate to
dialog: our advantage - cutting radio
dialog: communication from his team for the next
dialog: eleven minutes..
scene_heading: INT - BIOCYTE LOBBY (NIGHT)
text: Stamp, flanked by several of his team in Biocyte security guard
text: uniform, crosses the lobby toward a pair of actual Biocyte
text: security guards who appear more puzzled than alarmed at this
dialog: unexpected influx.
speaker_heading: ONE OF THE GUARDS
dialog: What's this, then? Reinforcements?
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Not exactly, mate.
scene_heading: WITH LUTHER (INT. CONSTRUCTION VAN - NIGHT)
text: His attention in drawn to a spot on the grid where Nyah's
text: transponder blip, a circular yellow one in contrast to Ethan's,
text: is moving. Troubled:
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Billy. I think we got a problem. Nyah's
dialog: on the wing. Up early. Billy, do you
dialog: copy?
speaker_heading: INT - CHOPPER
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Exactly where is she?
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: ..in the building...
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
dialog: Say again. Sounds like you're saying
dialog: 'she's in the building.'
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: I am. She is.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE'S VOICE
dialog: Ethan does it the hard way to avoid
dialog: confrontation. Neutralizing security
text: guards is simply too distasteful to him..
scene_heading: INT - BIOCYTE LOBBY
text: The two guards who had greeted Stamp and his arriving team lie
text: inert on the lobby floor.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE'S VOICE
dialog: I've never found that a problem...
scene_heading: WITH BILLY (INT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT)
text: Billy's so surprised he momentarily gets loose with the copter
text: and it banks off. As it and he recover:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Right. Well, then. She's not likely to
dialog: be alone. is she?
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: The question Is 'how many of 'em?' I
dialog: can't get thru to Ethan. Not 'til the
text: generators go off.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: When's that?
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: Not for another eight and a half minutes.
speaker_heading: WITH LUTHER
text: staring at the red and yellow blips in vertical alignment, the
text: Yellow one, Nyah, considerably below the red one, Ethan.
scene_heading: INT - HOT ZONE ENTRANCE (NIGHT)
scene_heading: The door reads. DANGER: LIVE VIRUS: INCUBATION ZONE. EXPOSURE IS
text: FATAL. Ethan pulls on a protective mask from his pack and puts a
text: miniaturized recorder up to the voice print activator:
speaker_heading: MCCLOY'S VOICE
dialog: John C. McCloy..
text: Ethan's buzzed into the hot zone. He steps into the air locks.
scene_heading: INT - SHEEP FARM IMF SAFEHOUSE
text: A small bomb is placed by the dark gloves of someone unseen.
scene_heading: EXT - CONSTRUCTION VAN - NIGHT
text: a shadow falls across the dirt in front of the bumper.
speaker_heading: A SMALL OBJECT
text: with a digital clock face, its red LED illuminating descending
text: numbers, is carefully placed inside the bumper. The magnet on it
text: doesn't quite catch. It's then placed more carefully.
scene_heading: INT - CONSTRUCTION VAN
text: Luther doesn't pick up on the faint metallic sound just outside.
text: He's concentrating on the flashes on the screen showing the
text: transponder rising in the building. Increasingly desperate:
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: It looks like Nyah's headed toward an
dialog: elevator.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: working meticulously an a computer monitor.
scene_heading: DOWN ANGLE - ELEVATOR DOORS
text: and a security guard's body lying in the corridor. A pair of
text: trousered legs step over the body and into the elevator joining
text: Nyah's legs and feet, and other pairs of trousered legs. The
text: elevator doors close.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE'S VOICE
dialog: If Hunt actually manages to squeak thru
dialog: the atrium he's liable to make it to
dialog: Chimera before we will..
speaker_heading: CLOSE LUTHER
text: On his computer screen the yellow dot continues its ascent, the
text: two dots growing ever closer.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: She's in the elevator heading toward Ethan.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
dialog: How much longer before you can reach him?
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: Five and a half minutes.
dialog: (looking at his chronometer)
dialog: He's breached the hot zone..
speaker_heading: AMBROSE'S VOICE
dialog: On the other hand we know where Hunt will
dialog: be and he doesn't know we're coming..
scene_heading: INT - INCUBATION ZONE
text: In front of each of three large television monitors is a vial
text: shaped roughly like a sealed beaker somewhere between one and two
text: liters in size. Each one is contained behind Plexiglas and each
text: one pale yellow, one sunset red. Behind them are monitors marked,
text: respectively: WORKING SEED STOCK, MASTER SEED STOCK, IN VITRO
text: VIRUS. Behind these is a monitor screen with a blow-up of the
text: contents of the vials &amp; the magnitude of the blow-up - 950,000x.
text: These are X-Ray microscope blow-ups, i.e., allowing the viewer to
dialog: see the motility of the virus and its metabolism, not dissimilar
text: to an MRI this of Chimera in its three different cultures..
text: Ethan's on the computer controls, racing thru to WORKING SEED
dialog: STOCK, which calls for optimal levels of 6.9 pH and 11
text: degrees Celsius. He drops the pH to zero and punches up the
dialog: temperature to a hundred. The effect on the greenish hue in
text: the bottle is subtle but immediate - not so subtle is the
dialog: effect on the virus seeds viewed microscopically - they
text: immediately appear agitated, their microscopic DNA innards
dialog: contracting and expanding.
text: Ethan moves on to the Master Seed Stock and the In Vitro Virus
text: panels on the computer. The changes he makes are reflected on
text: the digital monitoring panels before each viral container.
text: THE WORKING SEED
text: vial has begun to change colors from sea green to a paler pea-
text: green. The liquid itself begins to thicken:
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: (female)
dialog: Alert. Chimera-working-seed-stock-pH-and-
dialog: temperature-level-outside-optimal range.
text: As the liquid grows more viscous the X-Ray have a progressively
dialog: more difficult time penetrating the individual cells, resulting
text: in a low humming sound which grows as the liquid gels.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: at the control panels for maintaining the virus.
scene_heading: ANOTHER COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: Alert. Chimera-master-seed-stock-pH-and-
dialog: temperature-level-outside-optimal range.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FIRST COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: Alert. Chimera-working-seed-stock-pH-at-
dialog: unacceptable-level..
scene_heading: THIRD COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: Alert. Chimera-in-vitro-pH-and-
dialog: temperature-level-outside-optimal range..
speaker_heading: FIRST COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: Alert. Chimera-working-seed-stock-pH-at-
dialog: critical-level. Alert. Stock-life
text: threatened. Alert.
text: The X-Ray microscope shows the individual seed-cells sticking
text: together, some exploding, then all movement ceasing. The Liquid
text: itself is suddenly shod thru fluorescent sparks before it
text: congeals to an opaque mush.
speaker_heading: FIRST COMPUTER VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: Alert. Chimera stock life..terminated..
text: Simultaneously with the seed stock, Ethan's damaging both the
dialog: working seed in-vitro virus.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - HOT ZONE
text: Ethan places a little plastique on a timer and runs up a ramp to
text: the decontaminant air lock at the back entrance to the hot zone.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
dialog: How're we doin', then?
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: He should've have killed the virus in the
dialog: incubation area..Nyah's exited the
text: elevator on the same level as the lab.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
dialog: What can we do' mate?
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: (staring at them)
dialog: Hope he kills all the bugs before the
text: yellow dot gets to the red one.
scene_heading: CLOSE - LUTHER'S SCREEN
text: The read and yellow blips are now on the same plane. The yellow
text: dot moves toward the red one as if drawn by a slow motion magnet.
speaker_heading: DOWN ANGLE - ETHAN
text: looking up as his entire body is hit with air like he's a wind
text: tunnel. When the air flow ceases, a green light goes on.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: Subject is contaminate free. Zero contaminate
dialog: factor. Subject contaminate free.
scene_heading: ETHAN - GLASS OBSERVATION ROOM
text: heads up a ramp to the three injection guns. Hands in gloves he
text: reaches into the chamber for one of the injection guns.
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: He's still got three injection guns in the
text: test lab..They're loaded with doses of
dialog: Chimera which he'll destroy by firing
text: into a hyper-thermal chamber.
text: He places the barrel of the gun, seals the chamber, and fires.
text: There's a tiny flash of light. Ethan withdraws the gun.
scene_heading: INT - CONSTRUCTION VAN
text: Luther's sweating it as the clock counts down: :30, :29, :28..
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: - twenty-seven, twenty-six, twenty-five,
dialog: come on, Ethan we're almost there! I-I'm
dialog: off sensitive for this..
text: In a spasm of anxiety Luther bolts to his feet, wipes his brow.
speaker_heading: LUTHER (cont'd)
dialog: - eighteen seconds, the generators'll be
text: off and Ethan's back on line..
text: Luther glances thru the van window only to see reflected in the
dialog: van side mirror:
scene_heading: MIRROR REFLECTION - CHROME BUMPER (EXT. CONSTRUCTION VAN)
text: reflected in it is the face of a digital clock, its red LED
text: illuminating the clock's numbers fourteen - thirteen - twelve -
speaker_heading: WITH LUTHER
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: (realizing what he's in for)
dialog: Oh - oh - oh -
text: Even as he moans he's frantically ripping out the computer and
text: cords dangling, hotfoots toward the van exit.
scene_heading: INT - HOT ZONE - GLASS OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Ethan fires the second injection gun. Picks up the third and
text: last. He pauses as he's about to fire it, staring intently
text: suddenly the gun is held by:
speaker_heading: NEKHORVICH
text: who turns the barrel from the hyper-thermal chamber and releases
text: into his wrist.
scene_heading: BACK TO ETHAN - GLASS OBSERVATION ROOM
text: whose vision of of Nekhorvich fades. Still thinking of Nekhorvich he
text: continues to stare at the gun for another moment and before he can fire:
scene_heading: INT - SHEEP FARM IMF SAFEHOUSE
text: The bomb's LED readout shows 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.. As it reaches 0
text: a small light on the bomb suddenly stops its incessant blinking.
speaker_heading: EXT - VAN
text: explodes. Saw horses and dirt fly.
scene_heading: INT - GLASS OBSERVATION ROOM - ETHAN
text: looks up just in time to see Ambrose and team arrive at the far
text: end of the lab. They immediately open fire, shattering the
text: room's walls and the glass injection gun chamber. As the
text: injection gun begins falling to the lab floor below, one of
text: Ambrose's team runs to grab it, but before he can reach it he is
text: shot by Ethan, who's falling to the floor below.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (to Ulrich)
dialog: Get it.
text: As Ethan hits and dives for cover, Ulrich goes for the gun
text: Ethan shoots Ulrich in the leg. Ulrich hops back in pain.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Those were two explosions, your van and
dialog: your safehouse, in case you didn't hear
dialog: them both -- I believe that means you've
dialog: also lost a friend.
text: Ethan's crouching on the ground protected behind a series of
text: vertical metal sheets.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: And you couldn't walk to tell me about it.
text: Ethan moves to pick up the injection gun which lies in the
text: shattered glass on the floor. Ambrose, Wallis, and a couple of
text: other Ambrose team members fire, kicking up broken glass. Ethan
text: backs off.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Hold your fire, dammit!
text: The two spot one another in a mirror on the far wall of the hot
dialog: zone..
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: Well, Hunt. How've you been?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Fight a bit of a cold..
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: And you're happy about that?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Beats fighting the flu, I'm here to tell
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: You know, that was the hardest part of
dialog: having to portray you. Grinning like an
dialog: idiot every fifteen minutes.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I would've thought the hardest part was
text: exercising restraint. Curbing that
dialog: pressing need of your to get your gun
dialog: off. You were in such a hurry to knock
dialog: off that 747, you never figured out where
dialog: the virus really was.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: I knew where it was.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Oh. then you knew the only way
dialog: could smuggle the live virus to the CDC
dialog: scientists in Atlanta was by injecting
text: himself and using his own bloodstream as a
dialog: Petri dish, doing it inside of twenty
dialog: hours so he could take the anti-virus and
dialog: still have it be effective. You knew that
dialog: while you were knocking him off and
dialog: destroying the very thing you came for.
dialog: Ethan has been using this exchange to ease a fresh seventeen
text: round clip into his weapon and he punctuates this last with a
text: spray of gunfire, attempting to cover his own effort to the reach
text: the injection gun. The return fire nearly hits the injection
text: gun, kicking up glass and dust and making it move around on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Stop! Put a sock in it! Hit that bloody
dialog: gun and you'll spray the bloody virus all
dialog: over the place!
text: Everybody's regained cover but the injection gun remains out of
dialog: everybody's reach.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: There it is, guys, the last of it.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Yep. You've provided us with a golden
dialog: opportunity to have both the bug and the
dialog: bug killer.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: What was the top bid?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Why, you going to make me a better offer?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Than thirty-seven million pounds? Not
dialog: really.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (not amused)
dialog: Somebody's been slipping you our mail.
dialog: Come on out here, you bad girl.
text: Nyah walks out into view on her own. Ethan sees her reflection in
text: the mirror. Enraged, but trying to control it.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: She doesn't belong here, Sean. Let her go.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: She wouldn't be here if it wasn't for
dialog: you, Hunt. from this moment you're
dialog: responsible for what happens to her, and
dialog: if you're looking out for her well-being,
dialog: I suggest you advise her to pick up the
dialog: gun and bring it to me. Ball's in your
dialog: court, Hunt. What've you got to say?
dialog: Nyah's waiting for your answer.
text: A pregnant pause.
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: (breaking through the static)
dialog: Ethan, Nyah's in the building! Do you
dialog: copy?
speaker_heading: WITH LUTHER (EXT. BIOCYTE)
text: a mess amid the rubble of the construction van.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (cont'd)
dialog: Sure he won't shoot you the minute he's
dialog: got it?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Oh, Hunt, please! One can't hold Nyah
dialog: responsible for her actions..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: In other words, you're calling her a
dialog: flake.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - NYAH
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: You know women, mate. Like monkeys, they
dialog: are. Won't let go of one branch til
dialog: they've got a grip on the next...get it,
dialog: Nyah. I'll cover you.
text: Ambrose cocks his weapon.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: I'm waiting.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (not much more than body
dialog: length from Ethan)
dialog: This isn't exactly working out the way you
dialog: thought it would, Ethan. Sorry.
text: Finger on the injection trigger, she rises and turns the barrel
text: on her arm, firing. The sound of the air pressure pushing the
text: virus into her is unmistakable, as is the circle of tiny puncture
text: wounds on her skin. Nyah moves in front of Ethan, covering him,
text: as she turns to face Ambrose.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: shocked by Nyah's gesture but as she addresses Ambrose he
text: resets the 'Countdown' on his chronometer to twenty hours. As
text: it drops into the nineteen:
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (frustrated in the extreme)
dialog: You..bitch!
dialog: She's been laughing away with Ethan:
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: You're not going to shoot, Sean. Not
dialog: this bitch. She's worth thirty-seven
dialog: million pounds.
scene_heading: CLOSE - ETHAN'S HANDS
text: fingers press a red button on a tiny detonator. There's a bright
text: heat flash from the hot zone and an explosion of gas and water --
dialog: the plastique killing any airborne virus.
text: Ethan uses the diversion to grab Nyah and run with her to the far
text: side of the lab, behind a stock of horizontal cylinders.
speaker_heading: INT - LAB
text: Ambrose and team recover from the explosion and begin firing on
text: the tanks protecting Ethan and Nyah, surrounding the two with
text: fire and jets of released steam.
scene_heading: INT - LAB - ETHAN AND NYAH
text: behind the stack of tanks. Ethan launches an explosive down a
text: short hallway, blowing a hole in the building's exterior wall.
scene_heading: INT - ENTRANCES TO THE LAB
text: A group of Biocyte security guards enter from behind Ambrose and
text: team and catch them off-guard. All hell breaks loose.
scene_heading: INT - LAB - ETHAN AND NYAH
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: What did you think you were doing!
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: I wasn't thinking! Just..trying to keep
dialog: you from getting hurt, that's all.
text: This hits Ethan with the force of a blow.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: - you who don't have a conscience.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (something of surprise to
dialog: her)
dialog: I guess I lied..You can't get both of us
dialog: out of here, can you?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Then you'll have to kill me before it's
dialog: too late. Before I start killing people.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: I'm infected with Chimera. You know you
dialog: don't have a choice. Just do it now.
text: She puts Ethan's gun to her forehead.
speaker_heading: NYAH (cont'd)
dialog: For god's sake, get it over with.
speaker_heading: THE HAMMER
text: pulls back.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ETHAN
text: He can't fire, lower the hammer.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: We've got 19 hours and 57 minutes before
dialog: you start killing anybody. I'll get
dialog: Bellerophon into your system by then.
dialog: Just stay alive. I'm not gonna lose you.
text: Ethan runs from the cover of the tanks toward the exploded wall
text: once in the open, he exchanges direct gunfire with Ambrose's
text: team, wounding a couple men. He reaches the wall and dives thru,
text: camera with him as he drops 25 stories, the sound of gunfire in
text: the air all around him.
text: Less than a hundred feet from the ground a small dark chute
text: deploys and Ethan is lost from view beneath it.
scene_heading: PANNING SHOT - PAINTINGS (INT. CULTURAL ARTIFACT CENTER)
text: of Aborigine paintings, eerie patterns made of man and nature
text: phantasmagorical, like the patterns that form under the eyelids
text: shortly before sleep. B.G. the haunting notes of didgeridoo
dialog: insure they're not being overheard.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: (reading the paintings titles)
dialog: 'Dreaming of Birds and Flying Fox,'
dialog: 'Bushfire Dreaming,' 'Wind Dreaming,' --
dialog: oddly appropriate -
text: Swanbeck breaks off and turns to a somewhat battered and battle
dialog: weary Ethan:
speaker_heading: SWANBECK (cont'd)
dialog: - since it appears that Chimera, the
dialog: mother of all nightmares is on the loose
dialog: somewhere around here - is there any way
dialog: this disaster can be viewed as a qualified
dialog: one?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (tight-lipped)
dialog: Not yet. We did manage to pull any
dialog: sensitive equipment and material out of
dialog: our safehouse wreckage.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: We could lock down passport control and
dialog: all ports of authority, but that won't
dialog: stop Ambrose, and beyond him, we don't
dialog: know who else we're looking for -- all
dialog: terrorist bank accounts of which we're
dialog: aware are stable. No deposits, no
dialog: withdrawals. Therefore no suspects.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: We think we've got our finger on the
dialog: buyer.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Do you? Even assuming you're able to
dialog: prevent Ambrose selling Chimera, you've
dialog: now got an additional problem. You
dialog: destroyed all of Chimera at Biocyte. If
dialog: Ambrose is going to sell Chimera now,
dialog: he'll have to do it by taking a pint or so
dialog: of Miss Hall's blood to market.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Yes, I believe that's right.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: But that leaves another seven or eight
text: pints of Chimera.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You mean that leaves Miss Hall.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Yes, I believe that's right. Now my
dialog: understanding is that 20 hours after
text: exposure, the victim becomes infectious.
dialog: Highly infectious.
text: Ethan glances at his chronometer. Swanbeck sees it.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK (CONT'D)
dialog: You noted the time of exposure?
text: Ethan nods.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK (CONT'D)
dialog: - good. Then if you manage to get hold of
dialog: Ambrose, and obtain what he's got, you've
dialog: got -
dialog: (glancing at the chronometer)
dialog: - 8 hours 57 minutes and twenty-three
dialog: seconds to destroy the largest remaining
dialog: source of Chimera on earth.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: She sacrificed herself..
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Brave girl. If you can get hold of
dialog: Bellerophon with the time limit, you may
dialog: spare her the ultimate sacrifice. But in
dialog: either case you've got less than nine
dialog: hours to kill her or cure her. After that
dialog: it's out of our hands and a matter of
dialog: worldwide material law. And Hunt. However
dialog: you obtain it, we want you to preserve a
dialog: sample of Chimera. Bring it back alive.
text: Ethan's staring at Swanbeck.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK (CONT'D)
dialog: Something else?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Aren't you even curious? About why she
dialog: did it?
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: No. I can't afford to be curious. And
dialog: neither can you, Hunt..
text: As the eerie wail of the didgeridoo seems to mount in volume and
text: intensity, the overcast sky filtering into the loft seems
text: particularly oppressive. Ethan's up against it and he knows it.
text: A VIEW OF SYDNEY
text: from harbors to skyline in all its sunlight splendor.
text: Nyah sits for a moment, looking steadily at Ambrose. Ambrose pats
text: the cannister he's carrying.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Feel like pleading for your life?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (with an edge)
dialog: Not as much as you feel like hearing it.
text: Ambrose slaps her. With scarcely a flicker of hesitation she
text: slaps him back.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: God damn it, Nyah! Why did you do it? Why
dialog: did you save that bastard?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: If it'll make you feel any better I won't
dialog: do it again.
text: It doesn't. Full of pain and rage, he gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: If it'll make you feel any better, you're
dialog: going to take a lot of Aussies with you
dialog: and make me a lot of money.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: In just a few hours you can be assured of
dialog: going down in history as the typhoid Mary
dialog: of Oz. G'day.
text: A nameless guard from Michael's car idling nearby gets into the
text: back seat with Nyah. Ambrose shuts the car door in Nyah's face,
text: gets in Michael's car takes off.
scene_heading: EXT/INT - IMF HELICOPTER - BLUFF
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Luther?..Luther.
text: Luther drops a tiny part into his computer board and, as he tries
text: to fish it out with the aid of a magnifying glass:
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Ethan, I keep telling you there's not a
dialog: chance of locating Nyah til I access the
dialog: satellite and there's not a chance of
dialog: doing that til I get this thing booted up
dialog: and running! How much time does she have left?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Ninety-seven minutes, twenty-seven
dialog: seconds.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Before we kill her or cure her..
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Wrong. All we've got to worry about is
dialog: Ambrose. Nyah will take care of Nyah.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Unless we dose her with Bellerophon on the
dialog: next ninety-seven minutes, Nyah will kill
dialog: herself. So, first things, first.
dialog: Swanbeck said there's no cash movement
dialog: from any monitored terrorist accounts.
scene_heading: EXT - BEAR ISLAND CAR PARK
text: McCloy's black limousine is in the car park.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: Confirms what Ambrose is gonna do -
scene_heading: INT - TUNNEL - BEAR ISLAND
text: Barrels of toxic materials line the walls, as an armed guard
text: patrols the corridor, leading into the main chamber, where we
dialog: follow McCloy into
scene_heading: INT - SLABHOUSE
text: McCloy enters and begins pacing.
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: - who he's doing it with, and where he's
dialog: gonna do it.
scene_heading: EXT - MOTORCYCLE AND LINE OF VEHICLES (DAY)
text: speed along an isolated road in close formation before turning
text: onto a side road, revealed as leading to a bridge across a small
text: strip of water to a small island.
scene_heading: EXT - BEAR ISLAND - LANDWARD SIDE (DAY)
text: As the cycles and vehicles cross the bridge and approach the
text: front gate, the camera swings around the side of the island
text: establishing the geography and the six cannon emplacements
text: before coming to a stop on
scene_heading: EXT - BEAR ISLAND - SEAWARD CLIFF - ETHAN
text: scaling the seaward side of the island with minimal gear
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT/INT - IMF HELICOPTER - BLUFF
text: resting like a giant locust, half hidden by a cluster of trees on
text: the bluff overlooking Bear Island.
text: Billy's at the controls, with binoculars, maintaining
text: surveillance of the island and environs.
text: In the back, Luther is at Work on his GPS computer.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
text: Ethan's out from under the bridge and on
dialog: the south-east face..
scene_heading: EXT - CLIFF/VIEW OF TUNNEL
text: Ethan climbs the side of the cliff.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
dialog: Ethan, Ambrose and his tem have
dialog: over the bridge -
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Copy that.
text: Ethan reaches the clifftop and sees armed guards patrolling.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
dialog: You all right, mate? From here it looks
dialog: like very security. What's it look like
dialog: like from there?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Risky.
text: He's over the top and moves swiftly to cover.
text: Ethan surprises and kills a perimeter guard, then runs to a
text: length of grating and lifts one of the panels.
text: Ethan climbs down through the grating in the roof of the tunnel.
text: Using a bar to swing down, he breaks a second guard's neck and
text: drops to the floor.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT - BEAR ISLAND - ENTRANCE (DAY)
text: Ambrose and team drive through the entry gate -- passing its
text: BIOCYTE PHARMACEUTICALS sign and various no-nonsense warnings of
dialog: 'No Trespassing,' etc. -- before Biocyte security guards close it
text: behind them.
scene_heading: INT - TUNNEL - NEAR THE GRATING
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: Breached the structure at the ten o'clock
text: grating. In the tunnel moving toward the
dialog: target.
text: Ethan begins heading down the tunnel.
scene_heading: INT - SLABHOUSE BUILDING
text: Ambrose and team enter, where McCloy and his CHEMIST and
text: ACCOUNTANT are waiting. As Stamp stands back, observing, and
text: Wallis sets up a laptop, Ambrose walks up to a refectory-like
text: table and stands opposite McCloy. Ambrose reaches into his coat
text: and puts two cannisters on the table in front of McCloy. McCloy's
text: chemist picks up the cannisters and inserts them into two
text: chambers connected to his microscope.
speaker_heading: CHEMIST
text: It's a DNA match. The blood's loaded with
dialog: <i>Chimera.</i>
text: An insert of the microscope plate shows the two samples, as
dialog: <i>Bellerophen</i> destroys <i>Chimera.</i>
text: The chemist presses a button on the chamber and there's a heat
text: flash. The chamber red light moves to green, and there's a
dialog: mechanical voice: 'Substance destroyed.'
speaker_heading: CHEMIST (cont'd)
dialog: And they certainly have Bellerophen.
text: The Kev cannister is out on the table.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: Well, then. You've got both the virus and
dialog: the anti-virus, <i>Chimera</i> and <i>Bellerophen.</i>
dialog: Which means I've thirty million for
dialog: you
text: Ambrose doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY (cont'd)
dialog: That's all the cash I can come up with
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Not exactly. Wallis?
speaker_heading: WALLIS
dialog: (off Biocyte figures on laptop)
dialog: More like two-two point two million.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: In any case we don't want your cash.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: Then what do you want?
text: Ambrose picks up a mobile phone and dials.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Stock, Mr. McCloy. Stock options, to be a
dialog: little more precise..
dialog: (into the phone)
text: - cut her loose..right in the center of
dialog: town..the more crowded the better..
dialog: (punching off, to McCloy)
dialog: How quickly can you manufacture more of
dialog: the antivirus.
scene_heading: INT - TUNNEL - CAVITY IN THE WALL
text: As he moves along the tunnel, Ethan suddenly flattens himself
text: against a wall as he receives a transmission from Luther.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: Ethan, just picked up an Ambrose call -
dialog: Nyah's been dropped off. I think she's
dialog: alive.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Where is she?
scene_heading: EXT - HELICOPTER - BLUFF
speaker_heading: LUTHER
text: Somewhere in Sydney.
scene_heading: INT - TUNNEL - CAVITY IN THE WALL
text: Ethan hears something and ducks into a nearby cavity in the
text: tunnel wall. As a guard approaches, Ethan steps out of the
text: cavity and knocks the guard out, then throws him into the
text: opposite wall.
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: Ethan? Do you copy?
speaker_heading: ETHAN'S VOICE
dialog: 'Somewhere in Sydney?' Care to harden the
dialog: target?
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: Can't. Until I can get the GPS up on our
dialog: computer..it's still down..
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: The clock is ticking..
text: Back to the matter at hand, Ethan completes the move on the
text: guard and knocks him out.
scene_heading: INT - SLABHOUSE
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: Bellerophen? No time at all once I've got it.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Good. Biocyte stock is just a week or two
text: away from going through the roof.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: An outbreak of <i>Chimera.</i>
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
text: In downtown Sydney for a start.
text: McCloy is stunned.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: You create the supply, Mr. McCloy, we've
dialog: just created the demand. Three million
dialog: people in Sydney and 17 million people in
dialog: Australia are going to need Bellerophen
dialog: within a matter of days..not to mention
dialog: the rest of the world..
scene_heading: INT - TUNNEL - OPEN AREA - ETHAN'S FEET
text: stealthily approach a couple dozen jittery pigeons, cooing
text: and pecking. The intensity of their noise-making increases
text: as Ethan reaches them.
scene_heading: INT - TUNNEL - OUTSIDE OF THE SLABHOUSE ROOM DOORS
text: Hearing the disruption of the pigeons, one of Ambrose's
text: guards leaves his post at the double doors and head the
text: tunnel toward the birds to investigate.
scene_heading: INT - TUNNEL - OPEN AREA
text: Ambrose's guard draws his gun and continues approaching the
text: pigeons. Before the guard can see him, Ethan runs forward, and
text: sends the pigeons into scattered flight, blinding the guard.
text: Ethan jumps into a back flip and double kicks -- first knocking
text: away the guard's gun and then knocking him out and flat on his
text: back. Ethan continues his flip and lands right back on his feet.
scene_heading: INT - SLABHOUSE
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: -- now here's the way it's going to
dialog: work..Wallis, the shares outstanding are..
speaker_heading: WALLIS
dialog: Ninety-three point four million.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Which means, Mr. McCloy, we have to get
dialog: our hands on four hundred and eighty
dialog: thousand options. We'll borrow your
dialog: thirty million to buy those options. Your
dialog: stock's never sold above thirty-one
dialog: dollars a share. We'll agree to buy at
dialog: fifty.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: When your stock goes north of two hundred,
dialog: and it will, those options will be worth
dialog: billions. We can borrow whatever we need
dialog: to buy the 48,000,000 shares, fifty-one
dialog: percent of Biocyte.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: Outrageous. I won't let you take control
dialog: of my company.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Sit down. You'll be a billionaire. Better
dialog: than being broke. I've got terrorists and
dialog: other pharmaceutical companies standing in
dialog: line. Ball's in your court, Mr. McCloy.
scene_heading: INT - TUNNEL - OUTSIDE THE SLABHOUSE ROOM DOORS
text: Ethan pulls a can of explosive material form his pack. He
text: rolls it towards the double doors, and it stops just before
text: reaching them. Then, pointing his gun to the ceiling, he
text: fires into the air.
scene_heading: INT - SLABHOUSE ROOM - AMBROSE
text: hears a noise and looks to Stamp, who heard it as well.
text: Stamp nods to two guards to check it out. They head across
text: the room to the double doors.
scene_heading: INT - TUNNEL - OUTSIDE THE SLABHOUSE ROOM DOORS - ETHAN
text: waits for the right moment before raising his and firing
text: at the can of explosives. Just as it ignites, the guards
text: open the doors and are blown back by force of the explosion.
scene_heading: INT - SLABHOUSE ROOM - AMBROSE
text: reacts and turns toward the explosion. Amidst the flames and
text: debris, a single white dove comes flying into the room. And
text: beyond it, Ambrose can see Ethan Hunt in silhouette walking
text: slowly past the doorway.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Run that bastard down.
text: Orders are shouted, and guards, along with Stamp, hotfoot it down
text: the tunnel-corridor in the direction of the explosion.
scene_heading: INT - TUNNEL - STAMP AND GUARDS
text: run down the tunnel. The guards move commando-style, directed
text: by Stamp's hand signals.
scene_heading: INT - SLABHOUSE - MCCLOY AND AMBROSE
text: Ambrose loads his gun and drags the tip of the barrel along the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: We're running short on time, Mr. McCloy.
dialog: We've got to conclude our business.
text: McCloy pauses only a moment before nodding to his accountant.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: Yes, start the transfer.
text: The accountant begins working on his laptop.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (to Wallis)
dialog: Follow it. Let me know.
scene_heading: INT - TUNNEL - STAMP AND GUARDS
text: pass a couple of doorways. A pigeon flies past Stamp's face and
text: he stops. As he turn, Ethan Lowers himself from a hiding place
text: in the ceiling. Stamp and Ethan pull their guns on one another.
text: They're in a face-off until they both agree to drop their guns,
text: but Stamp catches his in mid-air and points it back at Ethan.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You broke our deal.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: You're too trusting. Raise your hands
dialog: slowly.
text: As Ethan raises his hands, he pulls the pin on a grenade and then
text: kicks it between Stamp's legs. The handle flies off: It's live.
text: When Stamp looks down in surprise at the grenade, Ethan kicks out
dialog: his gun.
text: Trying to escape the grenade, Stamp smashes into Ethan and seems
text: to have hit him in the jaw. Both hit the ground as the grenade
text: explodes, with Stamp appearing to have the upper hand.
scene_heading: INT - SLABHOUSE
text: As everyone waits for the transfer to complete, the grenade
text: explodes out in the tunnel. McCloy and his accountant freeze
text: with alarm as a sprinkling of dust settles on the room.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (to the accountant)
dialog: Keep it going.
speaker_heading: STAMP'S VOICE
dialog: Sean, this rat's reached the end of the
dialog: maze.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (into walkie-talkie)
dialog: Is he alive?
speaker_heading: STAMP'S VOICE
dialog: More or less.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Bring him to me.
scene_heading: INT - HELICOPTER - BILLY AND LUTHER
text: Luther has the GPS computer starting to access the satellite.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: We're due to take off.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Not for seven more minutes.
scene_heading: INT - SLABHOUSE - WALLIS
text: checking his computer screen, which shows the transfer has
dialog: finished successfully.
speaker_heading: WALLIS
dialog: Sean. Transfer complete.
text: Stamp drags Ethan in, arms pinned with heavy tape. Stamp
text: Ethan look grimy as sandbags after a busy day of tunneling.
text: Ambrose rises to examine his prize.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: (apprehensive)
dialog: What exactly do you intend to do with him?
text: Ambrose walks behind Ethan and kicks his knees out from under
text: him. Ethan falls to the floor.
scene_heading: INT - HELICOPTER - BILLY AND LUTHER
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Ethan? Ethan? Do you copy?
text: Luther hears nothing in response but while noise. He looks to
text: Billy and indicates there's no answer.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Well, mate, maybe this is one of those
dialog: times we shouldn't follow orders.
speaker_heading: EXT - HELICOPTER (DAY)
text: the rotor blades turn over.
scene_heading: INT - SLABHOUSE BUILDING (DAY)
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (to Ethan)
dialog: What have you got to say for yourself.
dialog: Hunt? Any last words?
text: Ethan appears as if he wants to respond, but can't. Ambrose
text: kicks him again.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: Stop mumbling.
speaker_heading: STAMP
dialog: Afraid he's got no choice. I believe I
dialog: broke his jaw.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Hugh, I'm impressed..
text: Ambrose has picked up a pair of Berettas, and is proceeding to
text: load both full seventeen round clips.
speaker_heading: MCCLOY
dialog: (anxiety mounting)
dialog: What do you intend to do?
text: Ambrose favors McCloy with a glance of genial exacerbation.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: You needn't watch.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT - HELICOPTER (DAY)
text: rising off the golf green, and banking toward the island.
speaker_heading: INT - SLABHOUSE (DAY)
text: Ambrose standing before Hunt with a pair of fully loaded
text: Berettas. The sound of the helicopter grows.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: - right. We don't have a lot of time,
dialog: Hunt. whatever you've got to say, say it
dialog: now.
text: Ethan indeed makes some considerable effort to speak but can only
text: manage a few guttural, progressively desperate sounds which
dialog: continue as:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: Sorry mate, I can't understand a bloody
dialog: word. How about giving us a big smile to
dialog: remember you by?
dialog: (hearing the helicopter)
dialog: No? Well, then. This is what's known as
dialog: getting your gun off.
text: With that Ambrose empties thirty four rounds from the two
text: Berettas into Ethan whose body jerks crazily on the floor.
text: McCloy nearly faints, and Ambrose laughs at his squeamishness
text: until something on Ethan's body catches his eye: the top of the
text: little finger on the right hand is bleeding. Ambrose grabs
text: Ethan's face, and rips off a latex mask: revealing Stamp, eyes
text: wide open and thoroughly lifeless. His jaw, under the mask had
text: been taped carefully close with the same heavy tape Ethan has
text: used to mount the drain-pipe shotgun on the tunnel wall.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE (cont'd)
dialog: Bloody hell!
text: He looks around, but Stamp is gone. So is the cannister and
text: kevlar vest that had been on the table moments before.
scene_heading: EXT - BEAR ISLAND
text: Ethan's on the motorcycle, heading toward the gates, which a pair
text: of security guards are frantically trying to close.
text: Billy and Luther in the copter are over the island, and bank so
text: Luther can fire a grenade launcher and blow the back of Ambrose's
dialog: boat.
text: The guards close the gate, Ethan runs the motorcycle up the
text: hillock and jumps the gate, over onto the bridge. Ambrose follows
text: in the SUV, crashing thru the gate.
text: They race across the bridge and the road, onto the huge
text: greensward opposite to and similar in shape to Bare Island.
text: There, with the helicopter hovering, Ambrose manages to corner
text: Ethan and after they expend whatever ammunition their weapons
text: hold, they move into each other bare handed and engage in
text: ferocious, no-holds-barred combat, the helicopter hovering low
text: enough to keep away whatever's left of Ambrose's henchmen, the
text: chopper's downdraft hitting them and flattening the grass around
text: them. Ethan prevails.
text: A SPECTACULAR VIEW OF SYDNEY
text: on bluffs overlooking the city. Camera moves slowly to the top
dialog: of the bluff.
speaker_heading: EXT/INT - IMF HELICOPTER (DAY)
text: With Billy flying and Luther at the door, machine gun in
text: hand, the copter nears the Bare Island gun pit and Ethan.
scene_heading: EXT - BEAR ISLAND GUN PIT - ETHAN
text: runs into the central 'hole' area, guns in both hands and
text: wearing the kevlar vest. He runs toward the walled edge of
text: the enclosure and jumps. As he pulls himself up the top of
text: the wall, he sees the IMF helicopter approaching.
text: A gunman appears from the tunnel entrance and opens fire, the
text: bullets exploding into the wall around Ethan, who jumps out
dialog: of the way to avoid them.
scene_heading: EXT/INT - IMF HELICOPTER
text: is under fire as well, bullets spraying the windshield,
text: driving Luther back inside and causing Billy to turn the
text: chopper around.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Man at your six.
scene_heading: EXT - BEAR ISLAND GUN PIT - ETHAN
text: who rolls and returns fire at the gunman. Ethan first hits
text: the gunman in the leg, and then shoots and explodes the
text: canisters behind the gunman, killing him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (to Billy)
text: The field of fire is too heavy. Back off
text: and pinpoint their positions.
scene_heading: BEAR ISLAND HILL - MOTORCYCLE
text: bearing down on him as he stands up. Ethan just manages to
text: dive out of its path before a second motorcycle comes up over
text: the hill. Ethan flips backwards and fires his pistol,
text: shooting the second cyclist off his bike.
text: The motorcycle flies over Ethan, who runs after it and jumps
text: on, revving the throttle and taking off.
scene_heading: BEAR ISLAND - PARKING AREA - AMBROSE
text: deploys some of his men via walkie-talkie while others
text: scramble into their cars.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: (into walkie-talkie)
text: Hunt's heading for the bridge. Coming in
text: at twelve o'clock high.
speaker_heading: BEAR ISLAND BRIDGE
text: A Gold Falcon with several of Ambrose's men inside enters the
text: bridge from the mainland and speeds toward the island.
scene_heading: EXT - BEAR ISLAND COMPLEX
text: Ambrose's men exit the complex and get into their cars.
scene_heading: BEAR ISLAND HILL - ETHAN
text: crests a hill aboard the cycle, the IMF chopper in b.g.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Clear that bridge for me.
speaker_heading: LUTHER' VOICE
dialog: Roger that.
speaker_heading: BILLY'S VOICE
dialog: They're tracking you on the left, Ethan.
dialog: Prepare for some fire.
scene_heading: BEAR ISLAND ROADWAY
text: Michael's SUV and Wallis' sedan speed along as a gunman from the
text: SUV fires on Ethan up the hill, spraying bullets around him.
scene_heading: BEAR ISLAND BRIDGE - GOLD FALCON
text: approaches the island. Luther fires his grenade launcher. It
text: hits the Falcon's trunk, lifting its back wheel off the ground,
text: but the Falcon keeps coming, its trunk ablaze. Luther reloads as
text: a gunman leans out the window, firing up at Ethan on the hill.
scene_heading: BEAR ISLAND HILL - ETHAN
text: lays on the cycle's throttle, accelerates down the hill and
text: propels the bike into the air and off the island, just as
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT - IMF HELICOPTER - LUTHER
text: again fires his grenade launcher, this time at the front of the
dialog: 
scene_heading: BEAR ISLAND BRIDGE - GOLD FALCON
text: on the bridge. The grenade explodes at the front of the car
text: and hurls the Falcon into the air and off the bridge.
scene_heading: BEAR ISLAND - HILL/BRIDGE - ETHAN
text: is in mid-air on the cycle, heading down toward the bridge. Just
text: as he lands, the Gold Falcon flies off the bridge, and Ethan
text: speeds through the flames and off onto the mainland.
scene_heading: BEAR ISLAND - BRIDGE
text: Michael's SUV arrives and tears through the gate and flames,
text: followed by Wallis' sedan and then Ambrose, riding a motorcycle.
scene_heading: ROAD LEADING FROM BRIDGE - ETHAN
text: races up the road to find a white Falcon approaching.
text: The IMF chopper arrives and gunfire's exchanged. Luther takes a
text: hit in the shoulder and drops his gun as the chopper banks away.
scene_heading: INT - HELICOPTER - LUTHER
text: Luther grips his shoulder in pain and falls back into his seat,
text: jarring the GPS computer. It responds by beeping and coming to
text: life. Nyah's yellow dot pops up on the screen.
speaker_heading: GPS COMPUTER
text: The target is located.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Ethan, the computer's up. I've got Nyah.
text: She's moved out of the city.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Luther, say again.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: She's on the North Head Bluff -
text: approaching the cliffs. One klick away.
scene_heading: EXT - ROADWAY - ETHAN
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (over increasing static)
dialog: Copy. She's only got twenty-eight minutes
text: left. Track ahead and pick her up.
scene_heading: INT - IMF HELICOPTER
text: Luther bands his shoulder wound and monitors his GPS laptop.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: We won't be able to cover you.
scene_heading: EXT - ROADWAY - ETHAN
text: slightly slows the bike to concentrate over the static.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You're breaking up. Track ahead and pick her
dialog: up. You've got me on GPS. Bring her to me.
text: Ethan pulls out and throws away the earpiece.
scene_heading: INT - IMF HELICOPTER
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Billy, North Head. Haul ass.
scene_heading: EXT - ROADWAY
text: Ethan heads downhill as the SUV approaches on an adjacent road.
text: He pulls out in front of it, immediately drawing fire. Without
text: slowing, Ethan drops to the side his cycle for cover.
scene_heading: INT - IMF HELICOPTER - LUTHER
text: watches the GPS laptop as the chopper speeds over Sydney.
scene_heading: EXT - ROADWAY - ETHAN AND WALLIS' SEDAN
text: Wallis' sedan appears from an adjoining road and pulls in behind
text: Ethan, who climbs back aboard his cycle. Cut off, the SUV turns
text: onto a side road to intercept Ethan.
speaker_heading: WALLIS
dialog: Get him.
speaker_heading: ULRICH
dialog: I can't get a good shot.
text: Before an intersection, Ethan both revs and brakes, spinning the
text: bike and creating a smoke screen. Wallis' car enters the smoke.
speaker_heading: ULRICH (cont'd)
dialog: I can't see him, mate. Slow down!
speaker_heading: WALLIS
dialog: Shut up. I know what I'm doing.
text: Wallis breaks hard, but not hard enough: he stops just in the
text: path of an oncoming 18-wheeler. His car's demolished.
scene_heading: EXT - ROADWAY - ETHAN AND SUV
text: Ethan pulls out of the smoke as the SUV bursts out of the scrub
text: behind him, striking the rear of the cycle. Ethan puts his bike
text: into a spin and pulls his gun, ending up alongside the SUV
text: passenger window. He fires through the window, shooting both
text: Michael and the bodyguard.
text: The SUV veers off, crashing into a line of parked cars. It hits
text: the first car and flips up and over, landing upside down on
text: several more parked cars. Ethan speeds off on his smoking cycle.
text: Ambrose arrives and then takes a side road.
scene_heading: INT - IMF HELICOPTER - LUTHER
text: working on his GPS laptop. The range -- ie, the distance from
text: the moving copter to the yellow dot, Nyah, on the edge of the
text: screen -- is reduced to about two kilometers.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: (to Billy)
dialog: Range is two kay.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I hope there's a place to land.
text: Luther looks up from the screen to see the bluff of North Head at
text: the entrance to Sydney's harbor.
scene_heading: EXT - THREE-LINED ROADWAY - ETHAN
text: tearing down the road, when suddenly from a side trail Ambrose
text: pulls out behind him and begins firing. Ethan weaves to avoid
text: Ambrose's fire and passes a car, pulling in front of it for
text: cover. The car skids, forcing Ambrose to veer around it.
scene_heading: FROM COPTER TO GROUND (MOVING)
text: rapidly approaching the North Head bluff.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: There she is. I got visual.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: We're down to seven minutes 23 seconds..
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE - NORTH HEAD
text: moving up behind Nyah who is walking purposefully to the edge of
text: the bluff and a precipitous drop to rocks and surf a hundred and
text: fifty feet below.
text: Camera drops to Nyah's shoulder level and moves with her to the
text: bluff's edge. As she's just a few steps away from stepping
text: off, there's a roar and the helicopter rises into the shot,
text: before her wild-eyed Billy gesturing, 'Stop! Stop!' to Nyah.
scene_heading: EXT - ROADWAY
text: Ethan passes narrowly between a car and oncoming truck. Ambrose
text: follows as soon as the truck clears. Ethan fires backward using
text: his side-view mirror to aim, exploding Ambrose's windscreen.
text: Ambrose skids until his wheel clips a rock, knocking him upright.
text: Ethan turns into a side road and speeds through open scrub. Back
text: on the main road, Ambrose roars off to intercept Ethan.
scene_heading: EXT - CLIFFTOP - ROCK LEDGE
text: On a clifftop clearing, Ethan races along as Ambrose moves to cut
text: him off. They head toward one another.
speaker_heading: LUTHER'S VOICE
dialog: Ethan, we've got her. Tracking to you now.
dialog: We're reading 5 minutes 19 seconds.
scene_heading: EXT - CLIFFTOP - CLEARING
text: Ethan and Ambrose round a bend and face one another. Without
text: hesitating, they charge towards each other. As they near one
text: another, each leaps forward and off his bike, and they collide
text: hard in mid-air. They fall to the ground fighting as their bikes
text: skid and Ethan's explodes, raining debris upon them.
text: Ethan and Ambrose rush towards one another. Ethan flips Ambrose
text: to the ground. Ambrose pulls a gun from his ankle holster. As
text: Ethan knocks it away, he loses his own gun and they both fall off
text: a 30-foot cliff.
scene_heading: INT - IMF HELICOPTER
text: at top speed over Sydney. Nyah appears weak and shivers.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: (to Billy)
text: Bearing two one zero. About 3 klicks.
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: Ethan, we're moments away..
scene_heading: EXT - CLIFFTOP - CLEARING - FIGHT
text: Ethan and Ambrose rise from the fall. Ethan jumps up and sweeps
text: Ambrose, dropping him to the ground. Ethan begins strangling
text: Ambrose but gets knocked off, and when they both stand, Ambrose
text: gets Ethan in a choke hold.
text: Ambrose hits him and grabs a rock and hits Ethan in the
text: midsection and the face. Ethan kicks it out of his hand and
text: connects with several punches, knocking Ambrose to the ground.
text: Kneeling, Ambrose pulls a knife from a boot holster and cuts
text: Ethan across the back and face. Ambrose dives on Ethan and the
text: knife is poised above Ethan's eye before Ethan grabs the knife
text: and clears, holding it out toward Ambrose.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Go ahead. Use it Hunt. It's not a bad
dialog: way to go. A lot better than the way that
dialog: bitch is going to die.
text: Ambrose swings again and misses, and Ethan delivers a series of
text: kicks, leaving Ambrose stunned and barely standing. Ethan steps
text: back, and with a running start, strikes Ambrose with a leaping
text: kick that drops him to the ground and knock the knife out of his
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: EXT/INT - IMF HELICOPTER - CLIFFTOP
text: As they approach in the distance, Billy, Luther and Nyah finally
text: gain sight of Ethan in hand-to-hand combat.
scene_heading: EXT - CLIFFTOP - CLEARING - FIGHT
text: Ethan turns and walks away from Ambrose toward the cliff edge.
text: The copter lands and Luther runs toward Ethan but pulls up,
text: looking over Ethan's shoulder. Ambrose has a gun aimed at
text: Ethan's back.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Hunt. You should have killed me.
text: Near Hunt's feet is his own gun, obscured from Ambrose's view by
text: dust from the copter. Ethan tosses the canister to Luther and
text: then kicks his gun up out of the dirt and into the air. He
text: catches it, drops down and fires, killing Ambrose.
scene_heading: EXT/ INT - HELICOPTER ON CLIFFTOP
text: Ethan reaches Nyah at the copter. Inches apart, they can only
text: stare silently at one another.
scene_heading: INT - CULTURAL MUSEUM
text: Didgeridoo music. A child admires a painting. Swanbeck and Ethan
text: face one another. A long, long pause. For a moment it appears as
text: if Swanbeck has lost awareness of Ethan's presence.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Sorry, Ethan. I don't quite know where to
dialog: begin. Any suggestions?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You'd like me to conduct my own
text: debriefing.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Why not? You've done just about
dialog: everything else on this operation.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I'd thank you -- but I'm not sure that was
dialog: a compliment.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Of course it was. Anyone whose operations
dialog: requires the level of disinformation that
dialog: yours do, is bound to get a little flak
dialog: here and there. You try flogging the
dialog: stories on CNN I've had to come up with
dialog: about what's been going on around here the
dialog: last few days. At any rate, it's been
dialog: most instructive -- what they'll swallow,
dialog: or what they'll broadcast with a straight
dialog: face.
dialog: (picking up a file)
text: Miss Hall's blood, it appears, has
dialog: absolutely no elements of the Chimera
dialog: virus. Not even antibodies.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Yes, I gathered as much.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: And the only other remaining sample was in
dialog: the canister you recover from Ambrose.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
text: And that appears to have been destroyed.
dialog: It also contained the anti-virus,
dialog: Bellerophon.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Well, Bellerophon, it turns out, was only
dialog: really effective against Chimera.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: But you were under specific instructions
dialog: to bring back a living sample of the
dialog: Chimera virus. I'd be very interested to
dialog: know how, after you'd managed its recovery
text: intact, it subsequently got destroyed.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: By fire. That's the best way, really.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: So you didn't fail mission, you simply
dialog: changed it.
text: Ethan doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK (cont'd)
dialog: It's no longer enough for you to execute
dialog: and implement IMF policy, you now wish to
dialog: go in the business of creating it?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: No, I don't. But in this case -
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: In this case, it wasn't a bad idea. In
dialog: face, it was a pretty damn good idea.
dialog: Just don't make a habit of it. And, as for
dialog: Ms. Hall, in light of her efforts, her
dialog: criminal records will certainly be
dialog: expunged. I'm assuming you approve.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Where is she now, by the way? Do you
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I don't. No exactly.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Well, Hunt, what are your plans?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Not sure. Some sort of vacation. I'll
dialog: let you know where I'm going.
speaker_heading: SWANBECK
dialog: Oh, you don't have to do that. Wouldn't
dialog: be a vacation if you did.
text: Ethan and Swanbeck exchange one final, knowing glance.
speaker_heading: SKY NEWSCASTER
dialog: This incident in the wake of rumors
text: suddenly surfacing about Mr. McCloy and
dialog: Biocyte's financial difficulties --
dialog: including criminal allegations of insider
dialog: trading, embezzlement, conspiracy to
dialog: commit fraud, and stock parking -- have,
dialog: understandably, sent stock prices of the
text: pharmaceutical company plummeting.
speaker_heading: EXT - SYDNEY (DAY)
text: Ethan emerges to a very crowded street. Billy and Luther are
text: waiting. Both look to Ethan.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: (worried)
dialog: So what did he say?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Good job. And thanks.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: That's it? That's it? That's it?
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: (dryly, looking at Billy)
dialog: And the check's in the mall.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Right. Just remember, mates. Billy
dialog: Baird's the name. Anything you need to
dialog: get, move or watch, I'm your man.
text: And Billy's gone. Ethan and Luther remain alone, both reluctant
text: to say anything, both reluctant to leave.
text: One quick bear hug, then:
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Always nice hearing from you man. Stay in
dialog: touch..
text: And Luther's off. Ethan looks after him, a bit wistfully. Then,
text: curiously tentative he moves off into the crowd. After a half-
text: dozen steps, something catches his eyes. He stops.
text: One quick bear hug, then:
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: (a tad wary)
dialog: Do you know me?
speaker_heading: NYAH
text: is inches from him. Without batting an eye.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: No. Should I?
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: No. You just looked as if you did.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: No...
text: She wraps her arms around him and kisses him with considerable
dialog: conviction.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (cont'd)
dialog: ...just as if I'd like to.
speaker_heading: NYAH
dialog: Oh. Well..
text: He kisses her with a conviction that is more than a match for
dialog: hers.
speaker_heading: NYAH (cont'd)
dialog: ..I think that can be arranged.
text: Looks around at the swirling crowd:
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Let's get lost.
text: And in a moment they've vanished from the frame and into the
text: crowd. Camera begins to pull back, the bustling crowd ever
text: filling the frame - and in the distance, perhaps, just a splash
text: of a bouquet of flowers can be seen, appearing to bounce along on
text: its own, the rising beat of the MI theme:
scene_heading: BEGIN CREDITS: IMF II - CHIMERA
dialog: 
