dialog: 
dialog: "MISSION TO MARS"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Jim Thomas, John Thomas &amp; Graham Yost
dialog: Story by
dialog: Lowell Cannon, Jim Thomas &amp; John Thomas
speaker_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. LATE AFTERNOON SKY
text: Blue sky, a few puffs of cloud, pierced by slanting rays of
text: sunlight. Late afternoon on a perfect day.
scene_heading: SUPER TITLE: "HOUSTON, TEXAS. JULY 4, 2020."
text: As we hear, after a few more beats, an ASTRONAUT'S VOICE.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: T minus ten, nine, eight, start
dialog: ignition sequence, five, four, three,
dialog: two, one, ignition... Liftoff!
text: A tiny red streak zips into the sky, then bursts with a faint,
text: ludicrous POP. A bottle rocket. We hear CHILDREN'S LAUGHTER,
text: excited SHOUTS.
scene_heading: EXT. LAWN PARTY. LUKE GRAHAM'S HOUSE. LATE AFTERNOON
text: DESCENDING, we see PHIL OHLMYER, late 20's, kneeling, with a
text: gaggle of eager CHILDREN around him. Phil, an astronaut, has
text: got an impressive array of fireworks lined up, and is using
text: an empty longneck as his launching tube.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: (all at once)
dialog: My turn! My turn! No, I was next!
dialog: No, me! Uncle Phil, Uncle Phil, can
dialog: I do one? I want to do one!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Guys, guys, please! This is risky
dialog: stuff here. And I'm a highly trained
dialog: professional.
text: Derisive GROANS from the kids, more SHOUTS. Phil grins.
dialog: There's little danger NASA will ever use him on a recruiting
text: poster: he's messy, very hyper. Phil waves his hands for
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Okay, okay! Uncle Phil will launch
dialog: another booster...
text: Another astronaut, RENEE COTE, a tall, very fit French woman,
text: is walking by with a fresh six-pack. She tosses a beer and
text: Phil catches it.
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: ...just as soon as he completes his
dialog: fuel intake.
scene_heading: ANGLE FOLLOWS COTE
text: Who grins, walking away from Phil and the kids, as we begin
dialog: to get a better sense of the scope of this party. We are in
text: the big back yard of a middle-class home in a Houston suburb.
text: DOZENS OF PEOPLE - astronauts, NASA personnel, and their
text: families -- are gathered around picnic tables or spread-out
text: blankets. Lots of red, white and blue bunting, lots of
text: balloons. We hear snatches of MUSIC, mostly country-flavored,
text: from dueling boomboxes. Futuristic Frisbees are being tossed
text: about. A banner, strung between trees, reads "BON VOYAGE,
dialog: MARS ONE!!!"
speaker_heading: WILLIS
dialog: It'll take us six months just to get
dialog: to Mars. Another year on the surface,
dialog: then six months back. That's two
dialog: years...
text: Passing the banner, Cote lobs a beer to another astronaut,
text: NICHOLAS WILLIS, who snags it neatly. He's got his other arm
text: around the waist of a PRETTY GIRL. As Cote moves OUT OF FRAME,
text: ANGLE LINGERS on these two. Willis, a very young astronaut,
dialog: early 20s, is recruiting poster material, and knows it all
dialog: too well.
speaker_heading: WILLIS
dialog: I guess what I'm trying to say is,
dialog: since this is my last night on Earth,
dialog: it's gonna be a very precious memory
dialog: to me. Y'know?
speaker_heading: PRETTY GIRL
dialog: Nice try, Nick.
text: As the Pretty Girl slips out of his grasp, laughing, and
text: walks away, Willis shrugs philosophically. He pops open his
text: beer, swigs it.
text: ANGLE FOLLOWS THE PRETTY GIRL As she swerves around an open-
text: pit barbecue, where other ASTRONAUTS are gathered. Cote has
text: paused here, too, distributing the last of her beers. SERGEI
text: KIROV, a Russian cosmonaut, is watching some kids nearby as
text: they play a game of wiffle ball. He turns, grinning beerily
text: at the chef.
speaker_heading: KIROV
dialog: Hey, Woody, our Mars One crew won't
dialog: be heading back to Earth till ten
dialog: days after you guys land at our base
dialog: camp with Mars Two. That's a pretty
dialog: good long rendezvous.
text: WOODY BLAKE, late 30s, is a big, rangy guy in a cowboy hat
text: over a Hawaiian shirt and a "KISS THE CHEF" apron. An entire
text: pig is turning on a spit over the flames, and Woody is basting
text: this as he smiles at Malik.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What are you suggesting, Sergei?
speaker_heading: KIROV
dialog: Maybe you should bring a baseball
dialog: bat. Yes? American baseball? Our two
dialog: crews could have ourselves a little
dialog: Solar System Series.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Please. Half you guys are foreigners.
dialog: We'd crush you.
speaker_heading: KIROV
dialog: No, no, we have equal crews. Three
dialog: men, one woman. Same handicap.
text: He grins teasingly at Cote, who makes a face at him.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Easy now, you're talking about my
dialog: wife.
dialog: (seeing her approach)
dialog: And Terri just happens to be one
dialog: helluva shortstop.
text: DR. TERRI FISHER, early 30s, passes by with a platter of
text: corn-on-the-cob. Short, sturdy body, a face made attractive
text: by its alert, questing intelligence. She pauses to kiss
text: Woody's cheek; there's a wonderful, sexy spark between them.
text: Then she glances at Kirov, all business now.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Fast pitch, no steals, batter calls
dialog: his own strikes. Thousand bucks make
dialog: it interesting?
text: He's a bit rattled by her cockiness, and looks at Cote, who
text: smiles, nods her cool agreement.
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: Eh bien. Winner take all.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Good.
dialog: (smiles sweetly at
dialog: Kirov)
dialog: Bring some balls.
text: The other men ooooh at this, busting on Kirov and Cote, as
text: Terri moves on. Woody, watching her go, has a thousand-watt
dialog: grin.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You wanna know the sad part?
dialog: Technically I outrank her. But if we
dialog: want any peace at all on Mars Two,
dialog: I'm gonna be saying a lot of "Yes,
dialog: dears."
text: The others laugh.
text: ANGLE FOLLOWS TERRI as she dodges a PACK OF KIDS -- they run
text: by her, shrieking happily - before she finally reaches a
text: picnic table, where ASTRONAUTS' WIVES are opening containers
text: of baked beans, coleslaw, and potato salad.
speaker_heading: 1ST WIFE
dialog: ...just not sure how I feel about
dialog: NASA allowing couples to go on this
dialog: type of mission together.
text: One of the other women raises a warning eyebrow, and the 1st
text: Wife turns, sees Terri setting down her platter.
speaker_heading: 1ST WIFE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Nothing personal, Terri. It's just
dialog: that, well, it's kind of a funny
dialog: feeling for those of us staying
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: (carefully neutral)
dialog: All the research shows that marriage
dialog: will provide stability on these long
dialog: duration trips.
speaker_heading: 2ND WIFE
dialog: Then they haven't studied some of
dialog: the couples I've known.
text: Laughter at this. Terri smiles politely -- she doesn't really
dialog: have much in common with these women -- before moving on.
text: ANGLE LINGERS on the wives, who watch her go with a slight
text: tinge of jealousy. One of them is looking around.
speaker_heading: 3RD WIFE
dialog: Anybody seen Jim McConnell?
speaker_heading: 4TH WIFE
dialog: I don't think he's coming.
speaker_heading: 1ST WIFE
dialog: God, that poor man. How's he doing?
speaker_heading: 2ND WIFE
dialog: Totally losing it, from what I hear.
text: Can't sleep, can't eat. Visits her
dialog: grave almost every day.
dialog: (lowers her voice)
dialog: They say he could lose mission status.
speaker_heading: 3RD WIFE
dialog: Oh, that's so sad. That is just so
dialog: tragic. You go to a routine physical
dialog: one day, and wham.
speaker_heading: 4TH WIFE
dialog: After all those years of training,
dialog: too. It was their whole dream.
speaker_heading: 1ST WIFE
dialog: Must be a pretty funny feeling for
dialog: Luke Graham. Y'know? Now he's gonna
dialog: be in the history books. First man
dialog: on Mars...
text: She shakes her head, awed by the thought. The others nod in
text: agreement, following her glance...
text: In the distance, a lone MALE FIGURE stands by the garage,
text: his back to them, facing the parked cars, vans, and SUVs
text: which stretch down the driveway and along the street. Another
text: figure, a WOMAN, can be seen approaching him.
text: CLOSER ANGLE FOLLOWS the moving woman -- DEBRA GRAHAM, early
text: 30s, very attractive -- until she reaches her husband. LUKE
text: GRAHAM, mid 30s, has the lean, fit body of an astronaut, the
text: restless intellect of a scientist. He's unaware of her
text: approach until she touches his shoulder. He looks at her
text: with an apologetic smile.
speaker_heading: DEBRA
dialog: He's not coming, Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Jim deserves this, too. All his
dialog: friends are here. And it's my last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: DEBRA
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Your last night with us, too.
text: He looks at her, moved. She summons a smile. He slides his
text: arms around her waist, kisses her forehead.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I love you, Deb.
speaker_heading: DEBRA
dialog: I love you too, baby. But maybe you
dialog: should spend some time with Bobby.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah. I will. Where is he?
speaker_heading: DEBRA
text: Up in his fort.
text: He kisses her again, then goes. Debra's eyes follow him,
text: with a mixture of pride and sadness.
text: ANGLE FOLLOWS Luke away from the garage, into
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACK YARD. LATE AFTERNOON
text: Luke moves through the crowd. Phil and the kids are still
text: shooting off rockets. Red streaks arc high overhead.
text: In the back corner of the yard, where it's quieter, he passes
text: Willis, who's sitting on a blanket, murmuring soulfully to
scene_heading: PRETTY GIRL #2.
speaker_heading: WILLIS
text: Deep space is so lonesome. So cold.
dialog: But I guess I'll have my memories to
dialog: keep me warm...
text: Luke shakes his head. Willis is incorrigible. Finally he
text: reaches a tall redwood playset. He looks up the ladder.
text: A SMALL BOY sits on the platform of the tower, arms around
text: his knees, staring up at the stars. A telescope rests nearby
text: on a tripod. He looks lonely.
text: Luke climbs up, sits down on the wooden deck next to him.
text: BOBBY, 7, glances over at his dad, his idol, then back at
dialog: the sky.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Who's gonna read to me now, at
dialog: bedtime?
text: Luke is surprised by the question. A pause.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Mommy will.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I like when you do it. Now we're
dialog: never gonna finish our book.
text: His voice is unexpectedly fierce. He's fighting back tears.
text: Luke is moved. Another brief silence.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, I'll tell you what. I've been
dialog: thinking about that. And what I
dialog: thought was -- how 'bout if I bring
dialog: along my own copy?
dialog: (Bobby looks at him)
dialog: Then every night, wherever I am,
dialog: I'll read a little bit more of it.
dialog: And I'll know that you and Mommy,
dialog: wherever you are, you're reading it
dialog: too. That way, it'll feel like we're
dialog: still reading it together. 'Cause I
dialog: don't know about you, but I'm pretty
dialog: anxious to find out how 'ol Ben Gunn
dialog: got marooned on that island. What
dialog: d'you say?
text: Bobby manages a smile. He nods, feeling a little better.
text: Luke is proud of his son's courage.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Good deal. Can I have a hug?
text: Bobby's arms go around his father's neck. He hugs Luke
text: fiercely, and Luke hugs him back. His eyes, over the thin
text: young shoulders, are brimming with love and impending absence.
text: Then, from the distance, the sound of an APPROACHING CAR.
text: They both turn.
text: An open Jeep is coming down the street. Its DRIVER is alone.
text: Luke's expression changes. Recognition, then happiness.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE'S STREET. LATE AFTERNOON
text: The Jeep stops, its electric engine WHIRRING down. The Driver
text: climbs out wearily, reaching into the back seat, and comes
text: out with a champagne bottle, hastily decorated with ribbon.
text: The PARTY SOUNDS are drifting this way, and he hesitates a
text: moment, seeming to gather himself. He starts gamely towards
text: the party, then pauses again.
text: Debra Graham stands nearby on the front lawn, waiting. She
text: smiles tentatively.
text: JIM MCCONNELL, early 40s, manages a smile in return. He has
text: dark circles under his eyes, and his clothes look slept in.
text: Yet we sense, even through his sadness, a kind of quiet
dialog: competence in this man, an unforced authority; he's a natural
dialog: leader.
text: Debra hurries forward, into his arms, and he hugs her. They
text: separate, looking at each other. Her eyes are shining.
speaker_heading: DEBRA
dialog: We were afraid you wouldn't come.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I caught a whiff of your barbecue.
dialog: After that I was helpless.
speaker_heading: DEBRA
dialog: All the way out in Galveston?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Something like that.
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: It's his night, Deb. I didn't want
dialog: to spoil it.
speaker_heading: DEBRA
dialog: Spoil it? He's been going crazy
dialog: looking for you.
text: Over her shoulder he sees Luke approaching, his arm around
text: Bobby. The two men look at each other, the bond between them
text: so strong it needs no words. Finally Luke smiles.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: C'mon. A whole lot of folks here are
dialog: gonna be mighty glad to see you.
text: McConnell comes towards him, accompanied by Debra, and
text: together the four of them move OUT OF FRAME, heading towards
text: the party. ANGLE HOLDS on the parking area, as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAME VIEW. NIGHT (HOURS LATER)
text: All the parked cars and vans are gone now, except for two:
text: McConnell's Jeep and Woody's classic 'Vette. Willis, one of
text: the last to go, is just departing on his motorcycle. Perched
text: behind him, arms around his waist, is PRETTY GIRL #3. They
text: zoom away, through the darkened neighborhood.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD. NIGHT
text: The yard is nearly deserted. The "Bon Voyage" banner has
text: torn loose at one end and flutters limply. Here and there a
text: napkin blows across the ground.
text: In the distance, THREE FIGURES sit on the ground, by the
text: waning fire of the barbecue pit, sipping beers.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON THIS TRIO
text: As Woody shoves another piece of wood into the flames. For a
text: moment he, McConnell, and Luke are silent, staring at the
text: sparks as they rise towards the stars -- red and gold dots
text: mingling with the silver ones.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: I wish we were all going. Together.
text: The intensity in his voice surprises the others, and even
text: Woody himself. Luke glances at McConnell. An awkward beat.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Then you've got a short memory. Think
dialog: back to how we were by the second
dialog: week of lunar training.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Oh, you're not gonna bring that up
dialog: again --
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I'm trying to remember, let's see,
dialog: which one of us scored the lowest
dialog: ranking up there?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You just can't let that go --
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, man, three commanders, on the
dialog: same ship? If they sent us off to
dialog: Mars together, there wouldn't be
dialog: enough fuel to lift all those egos.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Bullshit, we would've made a great
dialog: crew.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: That was never gonna happen. I was
dialog: always teamed with Maggie, and we
dialog: were mostly chalkboard jockies. You
dialog: know? Systems. Payloads...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Listen to him. Mr. Cover-of-Time
dialog: Magazine!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Yeah, who landed the crippled Block
dialog: II Shuttle?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, and who scored highest on the
dialog: lunar rankings?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Let it go, Luke.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Sure, I made a little noise. But
dialog: putting the first footprints on Mars?
dialog: Nah. That's for guys who...
dialog: (looks at Luke)
dialog: ...wrote their Ph.D. thesis on how
dialog: to colonize the place. And guys who...
dialog: (looks at Woody)
dialog: ...read too much science fiction as
dialog: a kid and still wear little Flash
text: Gordon rocketships around their necks.
text: He grabs playfully at Woody's neck. Woody smacks his hand
text: away, laughing.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You read the same damn science fiction
dialog: books that I did! You're just not
dialog: man enough to wear jewelry!
text: He pulls from his shirt a little Flash Gordon rocketship
text: emblem hanging on a chain, and waggles this tauntingly at
text: McConnell, as Luke and McConnell laugh.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You want Flash. You know you want
dialog: him. Well you'll have to come through
dialog: me!
text: Luke grabs Woody's arm to give McConnell a better shot at
text: the emblem, but Woody cuffs his hands away, laughing.
text: McConnell, watching their horseplay, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: God, she would've loved to see you
text: two clowns. Just one more time.
text: He tries to smile, but his face reddens. Then all at once
text: his chest is heaving as he struggles to control his emotions.
text: Woody sees this, reaches out a reassuring hand, but McConnell
text: shakes him off, rises abruptly. He turns his back on them,
text: walking away a few steps.
text: Woody and Luke exchange a worried glance.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE'S STREET. LATER THAT NIGHT
text: McConnell and Luke watch as Woody starts up his Corvette.
text: McConnell has regained his composure.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, Woodrow, isn't it about time
dialog: you donated this thing to a museum?
text: Woody revs the engine, which ROARS lustily. He grins.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Internal combustion, boys. Accept no
dialog: substitutes.
text: Luke laughs. Woody looks at McConnell.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Jim, if there's ever... if there's
dialog: anything Terri and I can do --
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I'm okay. Really. Thanks.
text: Woody reaches out to shake Luke's hand.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: See you when I get to Mars, Luke.
dialog: Don't solve all the mysteries of the
dialog: universe, okay? Leave a little
dialog: something for the next guys.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'll see what I can do. Just make
dialog: sure you bring some fresh beer.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You got it.
text: With a final glance at McConnell, Woody slips the car into
text: gear. McConnell and Luke watch as he drives away. A silence.
text: Luke glances at his old friend, growing more serious. We
text: sense he's been waiting all night for a chance to say this.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Should've been your mission, Jim.
dialog: Yours and Maggie's.
text: McConnell, looking after Woody's car, becomes very still.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: None of us ever wanted Mars the way
dialog: you two did. Not even Woody. Twelve
dialog: years of hoping for this assignment,
dialog: training for it --
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: That's all over now.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: If Maggie hadn't gotten sick -- if
dialog: you hadn't pulled yourself out of
dialog: the rotation to take care of her --
text: McConnell turns to him, his eyes flashing danger. He will
text: not tolerate pity. Luke sees this but presses on.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, I'm gonna say this. I have to
dialog: say it...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I wanted Mars One. Hell, I battled
dialog: you for it every step of the way.
dialog: Never wanted to beat anybody so bad
dialog: in my life. But not like this...
dialog: Jim, I'd give this all up in a second,
dialog: if it would bring Maggie back to us.
text: McConnell is deeply moved, and for a moment doesn't trust
text: his own voice.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I know that, Luke. You don't have to
dialog: say it... Mars is yours now. Go get
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Take care of yourself.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Yeah. You too.
text: Luke nods. They grab hands for a second, then let go. Luke
text: walks back towards his house. McConnell watches him for a
text: moment, then turns, walks over to his Jeep. He opens his
text: door, then pauses. He turns. Looks up at --
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT SKY
text: A tiny reddish dot hovers there, glowing steadily. Mars
text: itself, a tantalizing prize. But for him now, more distant
dialog: than ever. For him, perhaps, never to be attained.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MCCONNELL'S FACE
text: As we see these thoughts going through him. After a moment
text: he looks down at
speaker_heading: HIS SHOES
text: And the sandy verge of the front yard.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL'S EYES
dialog: Are a map of complex emotions: regret, injured pride, infinite
text: yearning. Gently, a bit self-consciously, HE LIFTS ONE SHOE
text: And sets it down again, making a careful, deliberate footprint
dialog: in the sandy soil...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. CHRYSE PLANITIA. DAY
text: Instantly we're hurled into an immense, stunning LANDSCAPE,
text: mysterious and vivid as a fever dream. Dazzling sunlight. A
text: vast plain of rust-orange soil. Countless craters. Boulders
text: the size of houses, tossed about by the hands of gods. Twin
text: moons hanging in a salmon-pink sky. On the horizon, towering,
text: craggy peaks. And, at center -- the only sign of life -- a
text: small, mysterious, moving puff of dust.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. DAY
text: CLOSER ANGLE as a small, Sojourner-like, multi-wheeled robotic
text: vehicle ambles INTO FRAME, jouncing along the orange Martian
text: soil, pausing to snuffle its sensors towards the occasionally
text: interesting rock. Lettering on its side reads "ARES-8."
scene_heading: SUPER TITLE: "MARS. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. EIGHT MONTHS LATER."
text: Suddenly Ares-8 pauses. Its video lens WHIRRS out, fine-tuning
text: focus, as it becomes intrigued by something OFFSCREEN -- a
text: higher, more distant target. The little fellow almost quivers
text: with excitement.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. TIU VALLIS. DAY
text: A one-man ATV ROVER waits in the background, in a dry
text: streambed, as Luke, in an EVA spacesuit, swings a clawed
text: rock hammer against a multi-layered, sedimentary rock face.
text: Reddish dust coats his bulky white suit. Despite that bulk,
text: he moves easily in the light Martian gravity (1/3 Earth's).
text: A hunk of rock breaks off, and Luke examines it more closely,
text: holding it up to his clear faceplate. He's very happy,
text: absorbed in this work, when his RADIO CRACKLES.
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: Luke, you read me?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, Renee.
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: Luke, I just got ARES-8 on line and...
dialog: Well, we think you're gonna wanna
dialog: see this for yourself.
text: Luke, though reluctant to break off work, is intrigued.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Copy that.
text: As Luke turns away, headed for the rover
speaker_heading: WE PULL WIDE
text: To REVEAL a STAGGERING PROSPECT, seen for the first time:
text: Valles Marineris, that planet-creasing slash. So wide, so
dialog: deep, it boggles the mind: on earth it would reach from New
dialog: York to L.A.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. MARS ONE HAB. DAY
text: The crew of Mars One - Kirov, Willis, and Cote -- have joined
text: Luke, gathered around some display monitors. They're in NASA
text: jumpsuits; the Hab has artificial atmosphere, enhanced
text: gravity, and heat. All are captivated by what they see. ON A
speaker_heading: VIDEO SCREEN
text: We see a low-angle image of an elongated, rubble and dirt-
text: covered MOUNTAIN. Hard to tell scale, but it looks huge.
text: What's most striking, however, is a WHITE PEAK barely
text: protruding through the rubble two-thirds of the way along
text: the mountain's ridgeline. Its whiteness is in clear contrast
text: to the typical rust-orange of the surrounding rubble; what's
text: more, this strange little peak also displays an oddly-smooth,
dialog: multi-planed symmetry.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: No idea, boss.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Where is it?
text: Cote glances at the others. They're all smirking, as if they
text: share some secret joke Luke's not yet in on.
speaker_heading: WILLIS
dialog: You don't wanna know.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: C'mon, what's so funny? Gimme the
dialog: coordinates.
text: He leans over to read a digital gauge, but Cote covers it
text: with her hand, enjoying the tease.
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: Latitude 41 degrees north, longitude
text: 9 degrees west.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The Plains of Cydonia. So?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh no. You're not telling me --
text: They all laugh as the other shoe drops. Luke's expression is
text: incredulous, exasperated.
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: Oui. Exactement! It's Kirov's fault,
dialog: he picked today's sector.
speaker_heading: KIROV
dialog: Hey, c'mon! We've got a scientific
dialog: duty to check that thing out.
text: Luke sits, taking over the Ares remote control from Cote.
text: They all watch as he fine tunes the image, trying without
dialog: success to coax more resolution.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Great. That's great. The first anomaly
dialog: we hit, and it's gotta be in the one
dialog: place guaranteed to make NASA look
dialog: ridiculous... You know how many books
dialog: have been written about that damned
dialog: mountain?
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: The Egyptians put it there.
speaker_heading: KIROV
dialog: No, the Amazons.
speaker_heading: WILLIS
dialog: No, it was little green men!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: And all because a couple of lousy
dialog: impact craters happen to look like
dialog: eye sockets. If this gets out, we'll
text: have every UFO kook on Earth spouting
dialog: off on the six o'clock news... C'mon,
dialog: people, gimme a read here. Is that a
dialog: cinder cone?
speaker_heading: KIROV
dialog: Nah, too smooth. Too angular. Volcanic
dialog: upwelling?
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: No fissures. No caldera.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It's an upwelling, for sure. But
dialog: maybe not volcanic...
text: The others look at him, puzzled. Luke leans in closer, with
text: growing excitement. He points to the screen.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Look at the color. And see how shiny
dialog: it is? I could swear that's ice...
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: This far south?
speaker_heading: WILLIS
dialog: Impossible. You can't have ice at
dialog: this latitude. Not unless...
text: They look at each other, Luke's excitement now leaping from
text: one to another of them. They're almost trembling.
speaker_heading: WILLIS
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How far away is it?
speaker_heading: KIROV
text: Sixteen kilometers northeast. Take
dialog: us twenty minutes to get there.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (considers a moment)
dialog: Let's send a packet to Micker. Then
dialog: we'll go check it out.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS ONE BASE CAMP. DAY
speaker_heading: AIRLOCK DOORS
text: Slide back, REVEALING the crew in EVA suits, carrying gear.
text: They walk over to...
scene_heading: THE FOUR-MAN ROVER
text: The astronauts climb in through the hatch. The last one in
text: pulls it shut behind him and locks the latches. We see Cote
text: and Luke check their screens and press some buttons. Luke
text: puts the rover in drive.
text: WIDER ANGLE, PULLING UP AND AWAY
text: As the rover moves off across the rocky surface, dust kicking
text: up from the wheels, we get our first exterior glimpse of the
text: Mars One Base Camp. The main HAB UNIT looks like a huge tuna
text: can with a conical top section; it connects to a separate,
text: inflated-bubble GREENHOUSE. There's also an OXYGEN STILL,
text: PROPELLANT PLANT, and, on the other side, a couple hundred
text: meters distant, the massive ERV (Earth Return Vehicle), which
text: arrived as a separate, unmanned flight.
text: Rows of SOLAR PANELS, arrayed on the ground, and an AMERICAN
text: FLAG on a thin pole, about man-height, complete the scene.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION (ISP). EARTH ORBIT. DAY
text: A vast, impressive, MULTI-SECTIONED SPACECRAFT is drifting
text: majestically above Earth. The main hull displays both NASA
text: and U.N. flag decals.
scene_heading: SUPER TITLE: "INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION. MARS MISSION
scene_heading: CONTROL ROOM (MMCR). 20 MINUTE TIME LAG."
text: We MOVE IN towards another of the station's segments, which
dialog: is dedicated entirely (as we see from more labels and
dialog: insignias) to the Mars Program: Control Room, Training and
text: Living Quarters, and a Vehicle Docking and Launch Area, where
text: Mars Two is already positioned for its eventual flight. We
text: hear LUKE'S EXCITED VOICE, over speakers.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This is a truly anomalous formation.
dialog: Looks like nothing we've seen so
text: far. The structure appears to be
dialog: crystalline, at least from the angle
text: displayed by ARES-8 ...
scene_heading: INT. MMCR. DAY
text: On a large CENTER DISPLAY SCREEN, we see Luke and the Mars
text: One crew, sitting around their kitchen table in the Hab,
text: finishing lunch while taping this VIDEO MESSAGE.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (grins)
dialog: We're all trying not to go too nuts
dialog: up here, but -- we think there's a
dialog: good chance this could be an extrusion
dialog: from some subsurface, geothermal
dialog: column of water. And if we're right...
text: He looks at his crew. They beam like cats who ate canaries.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...then we've found the key to
dialog: permanent human colonization.
speaker_heading: IN THE MMCR
text: There's an EXCITED BUZZ among the assembled TECHNICIANS,
text: FLIGHT ENGINEERS, and SCIENTISTS. This would be a fantastic,
dialog: epochal discovery.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Sits at the center console, wearing a headset. He's now the
text: Mars One CAPCOM (Capsule Communicator), and his manner is
text: brisk, efficient, all-business. A TECHNICIAN leans in for
dialog: instructions.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Tell geology and hydrology we need
text: to scramble on this. Full-court press.
text: The technician nods, hurries away. McConnell, sharing the
text: intense excitement of those around him, stares up at
speaker_heading: THE SCREEN
text: Where Luke and his crew are still smiling, well knowing the
dialog: excitement their bombshell will create.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Anyway, we'are going out to take a
dialog: closer look at it, try to get an
dialog: idea of its composition.
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: By the time you receive this, we
dialog: should be just about on-site.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. DAY
text: The rover is a hundred meters away and moving fast TOWARDS
text: CAMERA. We BOOM DOWN to REVEAL Ares-8, still faithfully
text: holding its point, like an Irish Setter, with its video snout
scene_heading: WHIRRING OUT.
text: The rover drives up and slows to a stop nearby. The hatch
text: door cracks open and some dust vents out. The door opens all
text: the way and the astronauts climb out. They all look up in
text: awe. We hear their voices ON RADIOS.
speaker_heading: KIROV
dialog: Jesus Christ...
scene_heading: THE MYSTERIOUS PEAK
text: Gleams in the sun, dazzling white, its facets as planed and
text: smooth as if an architect had drawn them. It pierces through
text: the topmost rubble at the near end of the big mountain -- an
text: isolated, butte-like giant, stretching two miles from left
text: to right in front of them.
speaker_heading: THE ASTRONAUTS
text: Walk towards the mountain. There's a very deep, very low,
text: staccato tone intruding over their headsets.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Anyone else hear that?
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: Yeah. What is it?
speaker_heading: WILLIS
dialog: Sounds like our antenna's out of
dialog: phase.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Can you fix it?
speaker_heading: WILLIS
dialog: Hey, skip, I can fix anything.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Big talker. Renee, Sergei, let's
dialog: break out the radar, see what this
dialog: thing's made of.
text: As they go to their jobs, the deep, barely audible rumbling
text: tone continues.
scene_heading: INT. SPACE STATION. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE MMCR. DAY
text: MULTINATIONAL CREWMEMBERS walk by, in the artificial gravity
text: of the busy station, as RAY BECK, mid-50s, approaches from
text: the opposite direction. Beck is the tough, crewcut, PR-savvy
text: head of the NASA Mars Program (ID'd by his name tag), and
text: just now he's leading a covey of U.N. AMBASSADORS on a tour.
dialog: The ambassadors, of both sexes, many nations, and all races,
text: look as excited as schoolkids.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: ...and this is the Mars Mission
dialog: Control Room, nicknamed "Micker." I
dialog: understand a comm packet is incoming
dialog: from Mars One Base Camp, so you may
dialog: find this interesting.
text: He opens the doors, ushering his flock inside.
scene_heading: INT. MMCR. DAY
text: The ambassadors enter, oohing and ahhing over the impressive
text: array of gadgetry and personnel, and especially over the big
text: screen. Some of them start taking souvenir snaphots. The
text: NIGERIAN AMBASSADOR turns to Beck, whispering curiously.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: That man over there. He's in charge?
text: BECK FOLLOWS HIS GLANCE TO
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Who is surrounded by a KNOT OF TECHNICIANS, to whom he is
text: giving quiet, precise instructions. They hover, then depart,
text: like so many eager bees.
speaker_heading: BECK
text: Smiles indulgently at the ambassador's misunderstanding.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: No, actually, that's Jim McConnell,
dialog: the CAPCOM. Our voice link to the
dialog: astronauts? Jim's been with the manned
dialog: Mars program since its inception.
dialog: One of our real pioneers.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Will he be going to Mars, too?
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Ah, no. This is as close as he gets.
speaker_heading: ON THE SCREEN
text: Luke and his crew have finished eating, and are clearing
text: away their dishes and leftovers.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...anyway, that's about it. We'll
dialog: send another packet when we get back.
text: Cote clears her throat, gives Luke a look. The others can
text: barely conceal their grins.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, right. One more thing. Today is
dialog: a very special day for a good friend
dialog: of ours, and I know he's there right
dialog: now.
text: McConnell looks at the screen, worried. What's Luke up to?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Now, he hates it when any fuss is
dialog: made, so I won't mention his name...
text: A look of relief comes over McConnell.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...because the last thing in the
dialog: world I'd ever want to do is embarrass
dialog: someone like Jim McConnell.
text: McConnell winces -- Dear God, no -- as, on the screen, Kirov
text: appears from OFF CAMERA holding a cupcake with a burning
text: candle stuck in it, and the Mars One crew starts SINGING
text: "Happy Birthday" to him. Loudly. And very off-key.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: C'mon, you Micker weasels, sing!
text: Soon most everyone in MMCR is singing along -- even some of
text: the jolly ambassadors -- with the noticeable exception of
text: Beck, who stiffens unhappily. McConnell is mortified.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (sings a line, then,
speaker_heading: to CAMERA:)
dialog: Hey, Ray! Take a look at him! Is he
dialog: all red with one of those fake "I'm-
dialog: a-good-sport" grins?
text: Beck looks over at McConnell, who indeed is red in the face
text: with a fake "I'm-a-good-sport" grin.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: And hey, you guys, check out Ray!
dialog: Does he have on one of his "This-
dialog: wasn't-in-my-mission-plan" faces?
text: Indeed, Beck's smile is thin, sour, disapproving.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nothing you can do about it, Ray!
dialog: We're a hundred million miles away!
text: Luke and the crew finish singing the song. Luke raises the
text: cupcake in a toast.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Happy Birthday, Jimbo! Make a wish!
text: He and his crew lean in, blow out the candle. They laugh and
text: applaud, then wave goodbye.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Catch you again soon. Take care,
dialog: buddy. End of transmission.
text: Luke reaches out, turns OFF the CAMERA, and the display screen
speaker_heading: GOES BLACK.
text: Beck turns, his gaze locking with McConnell's. He's annoyed,
text: as if this violation of protocol were somehow McConnell's
text: fault. McConnell returns his stare coolly.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. DAY
text: Cote stands by a display screen mounted on the rover. Kirov
text: has a big radar gun on a tripod, pointing at the mountain.
text: Luke turns to Cote.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well? What's under there?
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Je ne sais pas. I... I think there's
dialog: something wrong with the equipment.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: I mean, it can't be right. It says...
text: it says there's metal under there.
text: Luke doesn't understand. He walks up to look at the display
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: (points)
dialog: There's ten, twelve meters of rubble
text: and sand, and then... solid metal.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That doesn't make any sense. You're
text: reading a vein of ore.
speaker_heading: COTE
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: No. It's under the whole mountain.
text: The deep pulsing tone continues. Luke frowns.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nick, could the problem with the
dialog: antenna be interfering?
speaker_heading: WILLIS
dialog: Could be.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Cote and Kirov)
dialog: Try it closer and up the power. I'll
dialog: watch the screen.
scene_heading: INT. MMCR. DAY
text: McConnell is taping an audio message to be sent to Mars as
text: the rest of MMCR looks on. Beck is gone. So are the U. N.
dialog: ambassadors.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Ah, we're all pretty stoked about
dialog: that formation you spotted, Mars
dialog: One. The folks in the geology and
text: hydrology back rooms are going over
dialog: your images and comparing them to
dialog: every photomap they've got.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. DAY
text: Cote and Kirov are close to the foot of the mountain,
text: resetting the radar gun on its tripod. The deep vibrating
text: tone continues.
text: Luke is some distance away, by the rover. He looks at Willis,
text: who's still working on the rover's antenna.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nick, how we coming on that antenna?
speaker_heading: WILLIS
dialog: Goin' as fast as I can, boss.
text: Cote and Kirov are having some trouble with the switches on
text: the radar gun. They turn towards Luke and Willis.
speaker_heading: KIROV
dialog: Hey, Nick. Come show me how stupid I
dialog: am. I can't get this to work.
text: Willis looks at Luke. Luke nods -- Go help them. Willis starts
text: towards the radar gun.
scene_heading: INT. MMCR. DAY
text: McConnell is handed a slip of paper, glances at it.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Medical wants me to remind you that
dialog: you're three days late on your blood
dialog: tests. I know they're a bore, but
dialog: you've got to get them done, or
dialog: else... or else I don't know what.
dialog: Just do them, okay?
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. DAY
text: Willis, Cote, and Kirov get the radar gun up and running.
speaker_heading: KIROV
dialog: All set here, chief.
text: Luke sidles over to the display screen on the rover.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Okay. Crank up the juice and let's
dialog: see what's in this sucker.
scene_heading: INT. MMCR. DAY
text: McConnell checks over his clipboard list of updates.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I think that's about it for business.
dialog: But on a personal note, be advised
dialog: that, ah, none of you can sing worth
dialog: a damn.
text: LAUGHTER in the MMCR.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. DAY
text: Luke watches the screen on the rover, as, by the mound...
speaker_heading: KIROV
text: Flips a switch on the radar gun, then swivels its muzzle
text: slowly across the near slope of the mountain. We hear and
text: feel the radar signal. The immediate result is that the
text: pulsing tone we've been hearing suddenly stops.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Looks up from the display screen. A puzzled expression.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why did that stop?
text: A split-second later, he gets his answer. We hear a WHOOSH,
text: a mighty rushing of wind, as
scene_heading: A GIGANTIC, TRANSLUCENT CYLINDER
text: Starts to swirl and rise, straight up from the top or the
text: mountain, at its center. As it swirls, the cylinder picks up
text: debris -- pebbles, sand -- from the sediment-encrusted surface
dialog: of the slopes.
scene_heading: THE FOUR ASTRONAUTS
text: Stare up at this spectacle, awed. A cyclone? Some kind of
dialog: energy wave? They have no idea. At the moment they're too
dialog: fascinated to even be scared.
scene_heading: TILTING UP - FROM THEIR POV
text: We see the whirling cylinder rise, higher and higher,
text: perfectly straight, until in just moments it's as tall as a
text: skyscraper. As it rises, it gains speed and power, narrowing
text: at its top into a conical vortex. It's sucking up so much
text: dirt, so many rocks -- even small boulders now -- that the
text: accumulating debris begins to darken its swirling, translucent
dialog: outer "skin".
speaker_heading: THE ASTRONAUTS
text: Exchange amazed glances. Can't believe their eyes...
scene_heading: INT. MMCR. DAY
text: McConnell still hovers by the microphone.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Honestly, Luke, if you guys don't
dialog: have anything better to do with your
dialog: time, I can make some suggestions to
dialog: mission medical. There are worse
dialog: things than blood tests.
text: LAUGHTER and GROANS from the staff in MMCR.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. DAY
text: Luke, still staring in fascination, becomes aware of sand
text: and pebbles flashing past his helmet. From behind. He turns.
scene_heading: SAND PATTERS AGAINST HIS FACEPLATE
text: As the nearby landscape BLURS. The vacuuming effect is
text: becoming more general across the area. More violent.
text: LUKE IS ALARMED
text: And the spell is broken. He keys his throat mike, his lips
text: moving, but no sound can be heard over the ROARING WIND. He
text: waves his arms, motioning for the others to back away, towards
text: the rover. Wind whips at their EVA suits as they obey him,
dialog: retreating.
text: Luke, backing away himself, is afraid to take his eyes off
dialog: the cylinder.
text: Then he sees that one man -- Willis -- hasn't moved. In fact
text: he's busily snapping photographs of the cylinder. Luke hurries
text: over to him, tugs his sleeve.
text: WILLIS LOWERS HIS CAMERA
text: But still stares up, transfixed, like a man face to face
text: with a cobra. Luke follows the young astronaut's frightened
text: gaze, and his own eyes widen as he sees
scene_heading: THE TOP OF THE VORTEX
text: Beginning to tilt down, then coil sideways. Suddenly they're
text: looking into the huge open "mouth" of it, as sand and rocks
text: fly into the swirling darkness...
text: The monstrous, gaping maw slithers down over the rim of the
dialog: mountain, turning this way, then that. Seeking them. And
text: then, with horrifying precision, it locks in on the little
text: group of astronauts. And lunges towards them...
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. DAY
text: Luke and Willis turn, running as hard as they can towards
text: the rover. But the suction is so great, it's as if they're
text: held back by wires.
text: The ground itself is SHAKING, RUMBLING, as earthquakes begin
text: to open fissures across the plain. The ROAR of the vortex,
text: the GROANING of the earth, are like an onrushing freight
dialog: train...
speaker_heading: AHEAD OF THEM
text: In the maelstrom of flying debris, they can barely make out
text: Cote and Kirov, still retreating, leaning back with all their
text: strength against the suction, while staring up, aghast.
text: Suddenly a hurtling rock, the size of a basketball, smashes
text: into Cote's helmet from behind, crushing it and killing her
text: instantly. Blood sprays into the wind, immediately
text: crystallizing, in the sub-zero atmosphere, into red pellets...
text: LUKE, HORRIFIED, FLINGS HIS ARM UP
text: As bloody hail patters against his faceplate and forearm. An
text: instant later he sees
speaker_heading: KIROV
text: Snatched up by the wind, then swept past him, in a terrifying
text: blur, arms and legs flailing, mouth open in a silent scream
text: as he vanishes...
text: THE GROUND AT LUKE'S FEET
text: Abruptly opens, and he slides into a fissure. Scrabbling
text: frantically with his gloved hands, he manages to momentarily
text: arrest his fall, gripping the edge of the fault line, with
text: his helmet and one elbow thrust over its lip. The air is
text: almost solidly choked with debris, deadly boulders bound
text: over him, and torrents of cascading sand are burying him
dialog: alive...
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON LUKE
text: Barely conscious, as he watches, for a horrifying final
dialog: instant, as...
scene_heading: HIS LAST CREWMAN, WILLIS
text: Is sucked bodily into the black maw of the vortex, spinning
text: and tumbling like a rag doll...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON WILLIS'S FACE
text: His features grotesquely distorted by the forces tearing at
text: him, before suddenly his faceplate is sprayed with blood,
dialog: and...
scene_heading: DISTANT ANGLE - LUKE'S POV
text: Willis's spacesuit explodes, his entire body disintegrating
text: into a million bits, which instantly disappear into the
text: hellish maelstrom. And then that maelstrom itself, just as
dialog: abruptly...
text: STOPS. Vanishes.
text: There is an instant, ringing SILENCE, as awesome in its own
dialog: way as the roaring storm itself had been...
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: On the plain, as the last pebbles, released from suction,
text: pitter down, bouncing. Swirls of dust and sand drift away,
text: settling gently. The harsh orange landscape is once again
text: calm, peaceful.
text: And then, from the direction of the nearby mountain, we hear
text: another sound: the deep bass pulsing rumble returns.
scene_heading: INT. MMCR. DAY
text: As McConnell finishes his message to Luke.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Oh, and I talked to Debra. She and
dialog: Bobby are doing fine. Said to tell
dialog: you, they're, ah, they're on their
dialog: "third time through the book, page --
dialog: (glances at a note)
dialog: -- page 125." They send their love
dialog: and say take care of yourself. Same
dialog: from us here, buddy. Till next time,
dialog: then. End of transmission.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. DAY
text: MOVING ANGLE, the CAMERA EXPLORING ground zero, as the bass,
text: pulsing rumble continues...
text: WE PASS the Rover, canted sideways into a little crater,
text: with its canopy missing, one axle fractured, but miraculously
dialog: still with all four wheels...
text: WE PASS faithful little ARES-8, lying on its side, partially
text: crushed under a boulder. It gives a final, pitiful WHINE,
text: its video snout slowly extending, then dies. And finally we
text: come to the area where the fissure had been, and see
text: THE FISSURE HAS BEEN FILLED IN
text: Leaving only a slender crease of umber sand. No sign of Luke.
text: The pulsing rumble continues, over, as we see
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL VIEW. DAY
text: An extraordinary sight, seen from high in the air, looking
text: back down. Staring up at us from the bottom of a shallow
text: crater, scoured clean of its aeons of accumulated silt and
text: rubble, is a structure resembling a vast humanoid Face.
text: The surface is gleaming white, apparently metallic. The
text: features are suggested by intricately interlocking planes,
text: slopes, ramps. The "eyes" -- hatches of some kind? -- are
text: closed, and the overall expression is eerily calm, but
text: terrible in its power, like some ancient tribal mask.
text: We see the Face clearly for only a few beats before thick,
text: scudding clouds OBSCURE it, but the deep, pulsing rumble
text: continues, low and insistent...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARS TWO (DOCKED). COCKPIT. DAY
text: We're inside the Mars Two spacecraft, which is still in its
text: docked position alongside the Space Station.
text: Woody Blake, wearing a NASA jumpsuit, floats up into the
text: cockpit in Zero-G, studying a thick manual.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "Problem: Hatch door malfunction,
dialog: backup power fail, manual override
dialog: fail. Solution: Replace circuit
dialog: breaker 907B."
text: He straps into the pilot's seat, staring at an electrical
text: junction box at one end of the console.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Okay... Piece of cake.
text: He swings open the housing, revealing a bewildering tangle
text: of fuses and wires. He sighs heavily, as Terri drifts up
text: beside him, also in a jumpsuit, and straps into the co-pilot's
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: God, who dreams up these nightmares?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Don't try to change the subject.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I'm not! We're talking about your
dialog: sister's wedding, right?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Very funny. We're talking about
dialog: dancing lessons. Before my sister's
dialog: wedding.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Honey, do you mind? I've got a
dialog: catastrophic power failure here.
text: He peers into the housing with exaggerated concern. But
text: Terri's not so easily sidetracked.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Woody, we're a married couple. Would
dialog: it kill you to invite me out on the
dialog: floor once in awhile?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I danced with you at our wedding.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I'm not talking about shuffling your
dialog: feet around while you grab my butt.
dialog: I mean real dancing. Cha-cha, rhumba,
dialog: jitterbug --
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Face it, honey, some couples dance,
dialog: some go to Mars. That's life.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I'm serious. We've got two more months
dialog: in this training rotation, but just
dialog: as soon as we get home, we're starting
dialog: lessons. If we never dance, people
dialog: will think there's something wrong.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: If they see me dance, they'll know
dialog: there's something wrong.
text: Reaching past him, she pulls out the required breaker. As he
text: reacts, surprised, she smiles, despite her exasperation.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: You are such a lug.
text: Overhead, an intercom CRACKLES. We hear PHIL.
speaker_heading: PHIL'S VOICE
dialog: Cockpit, this is Control.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Control, this is Cockpit.
speaker_heading: PHIL'S VOICE
dialog: Uh, Terri, they want us all back in
dialog: the Station. Report to Micker.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Who says report to Micker?
speaker_heading: PHIL'S VOICE
dialog: The little men who live in my head.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Phil, c'mon! We just started this
dialog: drill.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Woody, it was Ray Beck. He told me
dialog: to round up the team. Now.
text: Woody and Terri exchange a worried look. What's wrong?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. SPACE STATION. MMCR. DAY
text: A crisis atmosphere prevails. The big room is more crowded
text: than we've ever seen it, with ENGINEERS and MANAGERS hurrying
text: by, huddling in tense, conferring knots, or muttering
text: feverishly into microphones.
text: On the center screen, a giant image of Mars. A frantic flow
text: of green numbers crawls above and below this, and the site
text: of the Mars One Base Camp is marked in blinking red.
scene_heading: WOODY AND HIS CREW
text: Are staring up at this screen, appalled. McConnell and Beck
text: stand nearby, briefing them.
speaker_heading: BECK
text: Then, at 1417, the X-band continuous
text: data stream from Mars went silent.
dialog: All data -- med, environmental,
text: everything -- suddenly stopped. While
dialog: we were trying to figure out what
dialog: the hell went wrong, we got a signal
dialog: from the folks at the Large Array at
dialog: Soccoro.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: At the same moment we lost the data
dialog: stream, they picked up an intense
text: burst of energy from Mars.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What do you mean, "intense"?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Catastrophic.
text: Looks are exchanged among the Mars Two crew.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: What about the crew?
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: The level of energy in the pulse...
dialog: didn't seem survivable.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What about the REMO? It went into
dialog: Mars orbit last week. Maybe that
dialog: could give us some clue.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Good thinking, Woody. That's just
dialog: what we tried next.
text: He leans over, punches buttons on a keyboard.
scene_heading: ON THE CENTER SCREEN
text: An orange dot can be seen in its orbital ellipse around Mars,
text: leaving a glowing electronic trail. This dot gets isolated
text: in a viewing box, then enlarged and rotated into the computer-
text: animated image of a small, ugly, industrial-looking unmanned
text: cargo craft, labelled "REMO."
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: The Resupply Module checked out fine.
dialog: No instrument failures, no change in
text: status. Orbit holding steady. But
text: there was something else. The REMO'S
dialog: computer contained an uplink message --
text: a very faint, highly distorted
text: transmission from Mars One Base Camp.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Someone's alive.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: BECK
text: The message is almost indecipherable.
text: Two teams are still working on it.
dialog: You better see for yourselves.
scene_heading: INT. MMCR. DAY
text: FINGERS press buttons on a console. McConnell, Woody, Terri,
text: and Phil are crowded around a monitor with Beck and two weary
speaker_heading: TECHNICIANS.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Still concentrating on the audio. We
dialog: managed to bring out a couple more
dialog: words, but we've got a long way to
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Show us whatever you've got.
text: The technician nods, then gestures to his assistant who hits
text: a play button.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON A MONITOR
text: Black for a moment, then static. Out of this static comes a
text: faint image of Luke, sitting alone at the Hab kitchen table.
text: He looks awful -- dried blood on his face, bloodshot eyes.
text: The image is blurry, heavily streaked, and most of what he
text: says is lost in waves of static.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...make this quick... may be only ch--
dialog: (long section of static)
dialog: ...to the site, when we... hit us
dialog: just as we... --thers are all dead...
text: Woody, Terri and Phil look at each other -- Oh, God.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (following more static)
dialog: ...low sound that we couldn't
dialog: understand. Then all of a sudden
dialog: there was this terrib...
dialog: (another long burst
dialog: of static)
dialog: ...--stems are holding up for now,
dialog: but I don't know how long I can...
text: The monitor screen GOES BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. MMCR. DAY
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: That's it.
text: Woody and his crew stare at the screen, stunned. This is a
text: catastrophe almost too huge to grasp.
scene_heading: INT. SPACE STATION. DAY
text: As Beck leads McConnell and the other shaken astronauts down
text: a corridor, Phil pauses, seeing...
scene_heading: A SOBBING TECHNICIAN
text: At her desk. TWO CO-WORKERS are trying to comfort her. One
text: of these women looks up, and her reddened eyes meet...
speaker_heading: PHIL'S EYES
text: He looks back at her, haunted.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: What did Luke mean by a "low sound?"
scene_heading: INT. SPACE STATION. DAY
text: In an otherwise empty lounge, the astronauts clutch Styrofoam
text: coffee cups. Beck stands nearby. Through a large viewport
text: behind them, stars glitter against the inky blackness.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: If this was a earthquake, as we're
dialog: now assuming, there's usually an
dialog: auditory component.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: But that energy pulse they picked up
dialog: in New Mexico...
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Electromagnetic emission. Not uncommon
dialog: with large-scale geophysical
dialog: phenomena.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Causing this kind of damage? I don't
dialog: buy it. We're missing something here.
text: McConnell and Woody exchange a glance... Woody's right.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Luke must be in pretty bad shape if
dialog: he hasn't blasted out of there in
dialog: the Earth Return Vehicle. That thing's
dialog: designed so even one crew member
dialog: could fly it back to Earth.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Even if Luke was in great shape, he
dialog: couldn't get home. That energy pulse
dialog: would've fried the ERV'S computers.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Other than the computers, how do we
dialog: think the ERV fared?
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Well, so far our modelling says it
dialog: should be in pretty good shape.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Which means it's gonna be up to us
dialog: to get new motherboards, drives, and
dialog: software to Mars. As fast as we can.
text: McConnell looks at him, nods. They're on the same wavelength.
text: But Beck is more cautious.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Whoa, slow down. It's gonna take us
dialog: weeks just to analyze this data.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Right, but meanwhile, we've gotta be
dialog: working up a mission plan.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Luke needs us now.
speaker_heading: BECK
text: Luke may already be dead. And even
dialog: if he's not, it's doubtful he's going
dialog: to be able to transmit again. So we
dialog: wouldn't know whether it's safe to
dialog: land until you were almost there.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What about SIMA?
text: Terri looks at Phil -- SIMA?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: The Saturn Imaging Probe. It's going
text: to slingshot around Mars on its way
dialog: through the solar system. It could
dialog: be retasked to take pictures, read
dialog: radiation levels at Mars One Base
dialog: Camp.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Good idea Phil. If SIMA tells us
dialog: Luke hasn't survived and it's not
dialog: safe to land, we swing around Mars
dialog: and come right back home.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Yes. We can design the mission to
dialog: have a free return capability. It's
dialog: a long trip, but if you don't land
dialog: it's the best option.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: We're getting ahead of ourselves.
dialog: You're forgetting the bigger problem.
dialog: (they look at him)
dialog: The orbits are all wrong. Our first
dialog: decent launch window is almost eight
dialog: months from now.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: But we can go earlier and get there
dialog: faster if we reconfigure the payload
dialog: for extra fuel. We've modelled that,
dialog: Ray. I've modelled it.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: On paper, yeah. But those stresses
dialog: have never been tested in space.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: The ship can take it.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: I wasn't thinking of just the ship.
text: A tense beat. Again we sense the test of wills between these
text: two tough-minded men, once good friends.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I know the protocols for a Mars
dialog: Recovery Mission better than anybody,
dialog: because I helped design them. And
dialog: I'm saying these guys can do it.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: He's right, Ray. We've got a real
dialog: shot.
text: A pause with beck weighing the odds. He looks at Woody.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Give me an updated mission plan by
dialog: 0800 tomorrow. Then I'll put it in
dialog: the works.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: You'll have it by 0600.
text: He looks at Woody, Phil and Terri, who are just as eager.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Let's get to work.
text: McConnell exits followed by Terri and Phil, but as Beck starts
text: out, too, Woody stops him.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Chief, could I have a word?
text: Beck looks at him a moment, nods.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. SPACE STATION. MMCR. DAY
text: In a quiet corner, Woody and Beck are alone.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I've no longer got the right crew.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: What do you mean? Bjornstrom can be
text: up here on the next shuttle.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Bjornstrom is a geologist. He's good,
dialog: but not for this. My people just
dialog: lost eight months of training. This
text: is a different mission, with a
dialog: different objective.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: I haven't been given authorization
dialog: for a mission yet.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: But when you are, it ought to be
dialog: given the best chance for success. I
dialog: want McConnell to fly right seat.
text: Beck's expression hardens.
speaker_heading: BECK
text: He's no longer on mission status.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Yeah. Because you washed him out.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: He washed himself out. He only had
dialog: to pass a few more psych evaluations,
dialog: but he refused to take them.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Ray, he's the best pilot I ever saw,
dialog: and you've got him benched at a desk.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Everybody has to pass the psych
dialog: prelims. No exceptions. Jim knew
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Maggie was his wife. He didn't want
text: to lie on a couch and share her with
dialog: strangers.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: That was his call. But I had to make
dialog: one too. It was tough as hell, but
dialog: I'd do it again.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: His wife wasted away in front of his
dialog: eyes. What was he supposed to do?
dialog: Suck it up? Get with the program?
dialog: What was his crime? That he was upset?
dialog: That he cried...?
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: I couldn't trust him!
text: Beck and Woody stare at each other. A long tense beat.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: (his voice softer)
dialog: Not in a crisis... I'm sorry Woody,
dialog: but Jim lost his edge. Are you gonna
dialog: stand there and tell me Jim McConnell
dialog: is the same man he was two years
dialog: ago? You want me to bet four more
dialog: lives on that?
text: This stops Woody, just for a beat. Then makes him press on
text: harder, with even greater intensity.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: When Maggie died, yeah, it knocked
dialog: the shit out of him. It knocked the
dialog: hell out of all of us. But you know
dialog: and I know that he's still the best
dialog: we've got. He and Maggie wrote the
dialog: book on Mars. He's got more hours in
dialog: the sims than the rest of us put
dialog: together. Ray, we can do this. Give
dialog: me McConnell as co-pilot, and we
dialog: will bring Luke home. And that's a
dialog: promise.
text: Beck looks back at him, his features taunt.
scene_heading: INT. SPACE STATION. MMCR. DAY
text: Woody, Terri, and Phil stand at the edge of the big control
text: room, waiting and watching, in a tense silence, as
text: IN THE DISTANCE, FROM THEIR POV
text: Beck and McConnell are huddled together at the CAPCOM's
text: console. Other personnel have moved away, giving them room.
text: Both men are seated, leaning forward, with McConnell listening
text: intently, while Beck does most of the talking, very quietly.
text: After a moment McConnell looks up in surprise. His eyes search
dialog: the room till they find
speaker_heading: WOODY'S FACE
text: Woody looks back at him, nods: C'mon, man. Take it.
scene_heading: MCCONNELL'S OWN FACE
text: Is a study in conflicting emotions. But after a moment he
text: masters his feelings, turns back toward Beck. A few more
text: quiet words are exchanged, then Beck offers his hand.
text: McConnell hesitates, then shakes it. Both men rise, and
text: McConnell turns again to look towards
scene_heading: WOODY, TERRI, AND PHIL
text: Who react with relief, glad that he's now a part of their
text: crew. Woody grins, giving him a thumb's up.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MCCONNELL'S FACE
text: As he smiles. Then he starts towards them, with a new energy
text: in his step, a new sense of confidence and purpose. And as
text: he WALKS TOWARDS US, PASSING OUT OF FRAME...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP SPACE. MARS RECOVERY. DAY
text: An infinite canopy of stars. After a moment, some of them
text: begin to be BLOTTED OUT as
speaker_heading: A SPACESHIP
text: Glides INTO VIEW. "MARS RECOVERY" (formerly Mars Two) looks
text: much like its sister craft on Mars: a conical cockpit mounted
text: above a "tuna can" crew Hab module.
scene_heading: SUPER TITLE: "MARS RECOVERY. MISSION DAY 172."
text: The entire lower deck forms a segmented section of the hull
dialog: that rotates on bearings to provide artificial gravity; we
text: see window ports spinning past, then an American flag emblem.
text: Behind this lower deck, in an extending network of struts,
text: like the abdomen of a dragonfly, are the three huge round
text: PROPELLANT TANKS. Then vast, delicate-looking rectangular
text: SOLAR PANELS, which sweep out to either side of the ship;
text: these also bear the dish of the earth-pointing HI-GAIN
text: ANTENNA. And finally comes the great mass of the ENGINE BELLS,
text: housed within a curving AEROSHELL; three hatches in the
text: aeroshell can open to allow the main thrusters to fire through
dialog: for a mid-course burn.
speaker_heading: CAMERA DRIFTS CLOSER
text: To the forward section of the ship, APPROACHING a viewport
text: in the EVA airlock chamber. Inside, we can see Phil leaning
dialog: forward, concentrating on some task...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. EVA AIRLOCK. DAY. A BUNCH OF M&amp;MS
text: Are floating in mid-air, forming an intricate 3D pattern. In
text: the EVA airlock, it's zero G.
text: Phil, strapped into a chair by a galley counter, is just
text: completing this weightless puzzle by placing a final blue
text: M&amp;M. He looks bored, sluggish. In the b.g., Terri is hunched
text: over a microscope.
text: McConnell emerges from the core tunnel, behind them, coming
text: up from the lower Hab, then pushes off from the ladder,
text: floating towards Phil. He grins, admiring Phil's obsessive
text: handiwork.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: That... is the exact chemical
dialog: composition of my ideal woman.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Used to be.
text: He plucks out a couple of the M&amp;Ms as he drifts by.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Hey!
text: McConnell grins, snacking on the M&amp;Ms.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Now what is it?
text: Phil looks sadly at his floating model.
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: A frog.
text: McConnell and Terri laugh as Phil starts scarfing down the
text: rest of the M&amp;Ms. Swooping at them with both hands.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I guess now we have our answer to
dialog: the effects of long-term
dialog: interplanetary travel on the human
dialog: mind. The answer is Phil.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I'm gonna get an update on SIMA. It
dialog: should be just about close enough to
text: start capturing some surface images.
text: He's drifted to another short ladder, and now grabs it, starts
text: up to the cockpit, atop the Hab.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. DAY
text: As McConnell appears in the cockpit, he sees Woody by the
text: forward instrumentation panel, looking at a monitor. The
dialog: cockpit is also zero G.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Hey, Skip.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Take a look.
text: McConnell pulls himself forward.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MONITOR
text: MARS completely fills the screen. Surface details are clearly
text: visible. Something is moving down there, an amorphous brown
text: swirl.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. DAY
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What do you make of that?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Dust storm. Southern hemisphere,
dialog: coming from the east... Big fella,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Headed for Chryse Planitia.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Yup. Could get a little hairy just
dialog: about landing time...
text: McConnell pulls back from the screen, looks at Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: We'll have to be ready to move fast.
dialog: Maybe even advance our ETA. Those
dialog: things can cover the whole planet,
dialog: and last up to a year.
text: A beat. They both hope he's wrong.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: When does SIMA do her fly-by?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Tomorrow morning, about 0600. That's
dialog: when we find out whether we came all
dialog: this way for nothing.
text: They exchange a glance. Woody's right, but the thought is
text: too terrible to dwell on. McConnell looks back at Mars.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: My money's on Luke.
scene_heading: INT. MARS RECOVERY. EVA AIRLOCK. NEXT MORNING
scene_heading: CLOSE ON A DIGITAL CLOCK
text: Just turning over to read "0545."
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: Pulls her gaze away from these numbers. Judging from her
text: redrimmed eyes, it's been a long, anxious night. Restlessly,
text: looking to distract herself, she reaches for a test tube of
text: blood, straps it into a centrifuge, sets it spinning. Nearby
text: is her electron microscope.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL (LOWER HAB)
text: Lies on his cot in his own cubicle, with the door closed.
text: The lower hab has artificial gravity (AG) and McConnell can
text: move normally. Hands behind his head, he stares at his bureau.
speaker_heading: PHOTO OF A WOMAN
text: Rests there, in its leather travel frame. Beautiful, smiling,
text: dark-haired: MAGGIE MCCONNELL. Her face glows with
dialog: intelligence and energy.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Shifts his eyes. The clock on his bulkhead reads "0546."
speaker_heading: PHIL (LOWER HAB)
text: Stands in the communal bathroom, still in his pajamas, a
text: towel around his shoulders, brushing his teeth. He glances
text: at another digital clock, which reads "0547." Shakes his
text: head impatiently. He looks back into the mirror, then is
text: surprised to hear MUSIC lilting incongruously over the
text: loudspeakers: Elvis Presley's "Blue Moon."
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. EVA AIRLOCK. DAY
text: Phil floats in through the connecting tunnel, then stops
text: himself at a handhold. He grins, charmed by the sight of
scene_heading: WOODY AND TERRI DANCING
text: Like a weightless Fred and Ginger. Woody is surprisingly
text: good at this. Enthusiastic, unselfconscious.
text: He sweeps Terri gallantly about the little cabin, pushing
text: off from every handy surface, even guiding her into some
text: passable twirls and dips. She laughs, shaking her head.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What brought this on?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Zero-G. My last chance to be graceful.
dialog: Once we're in Mars gravity, it's
text: back to shuffling my feet and grabbing
text: her butt.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I'll take what I can get.
text: She grins, kisses his ear, as Phil turns, sees
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Who has now arrived, is also watching the dancing couple. A
text: twinge of sadness crosses his features. But when his eyes
text: meet Phil's, he shakes off the feeling and manages a smile:
dialog: Aren't they something?
text: Over the music, they hear a CHIRP from the SHIP'S COMPUTER,
text: then an announcement.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
text: Attention. Incoming packet.
text: They all look at each other. This is it! Woody spins over to
text: a console, shuts off the music.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: It's SIMA.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. DAY. MINUTES LATER
text: The crew is gathered around a display screen. The lights are
text: dim, reflecting up off their faces. By their expressions, we
dialog: can tell the news is not good.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE SCREEN
text: It's a color, high-resolution satellite image of the Mars
text: One Base Camp. Ghostly, dust-covered. No signs of life.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Looks deserted.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: It's still standing, though. So is
dialog: the ERV. And look, there's the
dialog: greenhouse.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: We know Luke survived for at least a
dialog: few hours. Question is, are there
dialog: any signs of recent activity?
text: They all scan the screen. Phil spots something.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: There.
text: He grabs a stylus and touches the screen. They all look.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE SCREEN
text: Using where the stylus touches the screen as the focal point,
text: the image enlarges. THREE LONGISH DIRT PILES appear, some
text: fifty meters from the hab.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What the hell are those?
text: McConnell gets it first.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Graves.
text: They all realize he's right. They sit back, stunned. But
text: then Phil has another thought.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Hold on. There's only three. That
dialog: means --
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Phil --
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: It means Luke must still be --
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: No. It just means there was nobody
text: left to bury him.
text: This quiets everyone for a long moment.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Check the radiation levels.
text: Phil keys in some commands and data pops up onscreen.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Normal.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Go to the disaster site.
text: Phil uses the stylus to bring MORE IMAGES into view. The
text: frame moves over the terrain in the direction of the Face,
text: first in SWIFT BLURS, then slowing. Scattered rock debris
text: come into view. The IMAGE ARRIVES where the mountain was,
dialog: and they see...
text: Debris in every direction, NEAT SPIRALS of it now, dropped
text: uncannily into place, like some massive earth sculpture. As
dialog: if - but this makes no sense -- it had been swirled towards
text: a LARGE CRATER. The crater itself is a perfect circle. They
text: FOCUS on the CENTER OF THE CRATER, but the image gets
text: distorted by STATIC.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I don't know. Magnetic interference?
text: Phil tweaks the stylus, but the image won't clear up.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Go to infrared.
text: Phil works the keyboard.
speaker_heading: THE SCREEN
text: Goes to INFRARED, reading heat, The middle of the IMAGE,
text: where the Face is, is still distorted, refusing focus.
speaker_heading: THE ASTRONAUTS
text: Sit back, exasperated.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Must be a problem with SIMA. I don't
dialog: see how an earthquake, six months
dialog: ago, could give us this kind of
dialog: distortion.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: That was no quake.
text: He leans closer, staring intently.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Then what the hell was it?
text: McConnell shakes his head. But his every sense is engaged;
text: he's like a predator just sighting his prey for the first
text: time. We see in his eyes an utter determination to unlock
dialog: this secret.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE. DAY
text: Mars Recovery is speeding ever closer to Mars, which now
text: looms large, a dusty red mysterious sphere.
scene_heading: INT. MARS RECOVERY. LOWER HAB. DAY
text: McConnell and crew are eating dinner while they watch a taped
text: message from MMCR.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MONITOR SCREEN
text: As Ray Beck addresses them. Other NASA STAFFERS, twenty or
text: more, have crowded in behind him, and we sense their great
text: hopefulness and high spirits; the whole team's triumph is
text: tantalizingly close now.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: We're going to continue analyzing
dialog: this data and try to determine what
dialog: the problem is with those images.
dialog: Frankly, we're just as stumped as
dialog: you guys, but we'll keep on it.
dialog: (glancing around)
dialog: We agree that the evidence of the
dialog: graves is inconclusive and that a
dialog: ground search is advisable. Be aware
dialog: there are little sand storms kicking
text: up near Mars One Base, but the big
dialog: one you spotted is turning south. It
dialog: shouldn't be a factor.
text: Beck takes a breath, smiles.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: We're all pretty excited here and
dialog: we're sure you must be feeling the
dialog: same. Enjoy your meal and get a good
dialog: night's sleep. We anticipate that
dialog: tomorrow morning you will be Go for
dialog: Mars Orbital Insertion.
scene_heading: INT. MARS RECOVERY. LOWER HAB. DAY
text: WHOOPS OF JOY from McConnell's crew. Woody and Terri high
dialog: five each other.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: God bless you and goodnight. End of
dialog: transmission.
text: The monitor screen GOES BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. MARS RECOVERY. LOWER HAB. NIGHT
text: The lighting is subdued for a sleep period, but everyone's
text: too restless. There's a low HUM of equipment.
scene_heading: INT. EVA AIRLOCK. NIGHT
text: Terri and Phil are playing computer Monopoly under a single
text: light. Terri is using touch-screen technology to move her
text: piece. She glances at Phil. He has spread some M&amp;Ms out,
text: letting them drift in mid-air as he performs his ritual
text: weeding out of the red ones. She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: What if you opened up your meal packs
dialog: and found that, instead of putting
dialog: in everything but red ones, they'd
dialog: made a mistake and put in only red
dialog: ones?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Hey, that's a funny notion. And what
dialog: if in your meal packs, instead of
dialog: brown rice, there were spring-loaded
dialog: spikes that shot into your eyes?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How did you ever pass the psych
dialog: evaluation?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: When you're schizophrenic, they take
dialog: the higher score.
text: He touches the screen to roll the dice.
scene_heading: INT. MARS RECOVERY. LOWER HAB. NIGHT
text: McConnell, in his cubicle, looks away from the photo of
text: Maggie. Haunted by memories. He rises, flips through the CDs
text: in a storage case, pulls one out. He holds this carefully,
text: hesitating, then feeds it into his computer. Immediately his
text: screen saver vanishes and we see
scene_heading: HOME VIDEO OF A PARTY
text: An impromptu celebration, a bunch of friends gathered in a
text: semi-darkened living room. The footage is HANDHELD, a bit
text: jerky. People have paper plates of food, beers in hand,
text: everyone is a little tipsy. Debra is there, Terri, Phil,
text: Cote, Kirov, others. They're watching a STILL PHOTO SEQUENCE,
text: shown on a large screen TV, with commentary by Luke and Woody.
speaker_heading: THE FIRST PHOTO
text: Is of a small boy (YOUNG MCCONNELL) in his pajamas, kneeling
text: in front of a Christmas tree. He's grinning ecstatically as
text: he holds up a brand new model rocket.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Jim's first ship was seriously
dialog: underpowered...
text: LAUGHTER at this. Some AD LIB CRACKS about the painfully bad
text: haircut and the pajamas.
speaker_heading: THE SECOND PHOTO
text: Is of a gawky-looking teenage girl (YOUNG MAGGIE), standing
text: on a porch at night, posing a bit self-consciously by a
text: telescope on its tripod.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Maggie was always starstruck...
text: More LAUGHTER, plus some digs about the nerdy eyeglasses and
text: braces. VIDEOCAMERA swings around the room, REVEALING the
text: adult JIM and MAGGIE. They sit side by side on the hearth,
text: leaning into each other, looking very happy.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'll get you guys for this.
text: More LAUGHTER. Everyone's having a great time. The VIDEOCAMERA
text: swings back towards the TV screen as
scene_heading: THIRD PHOTO APPEARS
text: Jim and Maggie, young adults, standing on the wing of a
text: fighter jet. Both in Air Force flight suits, helmets in hand.
text: Suntanned, cocky, flashing radiant smiles.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: When they met at the Air Force
dialog: Academy, it was "love at first
dialog: flight."
text: GROANS and LAUGHTER from the offscreen watchers.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: After that, NASA training was tough.
dialog: All Jim could think about was
text: exploring a heavenly body. More ribald
speaker_heading: LAUGHTER, as
scene_heading: FOURTH PHOTO APPEARS
text: Maggie and Jim, tethered together, floating weightlessly in
dialog: space suits.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But Maggie, as you can see, kept him
dialog: on a short leash. Until...
speaker_heading: A FIFTH PHOTO
text: Shows McConnell, in a dress uniform, leaning in to kiss
text: Maggie, who wears a white bridal gown.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Mission accomplished!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MCCONNELL, IN THE PRESENT
text: As he smiles at this, hearing the renewed LAUGHTER and CHEERS,
text: the AD-LIBBED DIGS from the video. He becomes aware he's not
text: alone. He looks up.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Stands in the doorway of his cubicle. Their eyes meet. They
text: both smile, turning back to the video. Remembering.
speaker_heading: IN THE VIDEO
text: Luke and Woody have stepped forward, INTO SHOT, standing at
text: the sides of the TV, where the last photo lingers. Luke waves
text: his hands, hushing everybody.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Today we celebrate a new chapter in
dialog: their story. And guys, it's a pretty
dialog: historic one.
text: Both men raise champagne flutes.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Let's hear it for the newly-announced
dialog: Captain and Co-Captain of Mars One.
dialog: To Jim and Maggie!
text: CHEERS at this, repeats of "Jim and Maggie!" Luke grins,
text: giving a little signal, and we see
speaker_heading: A FINAL PHOTO
text: Of Maggie in Jim's arms, both of them in goofy tropical
text: vacation wear, smiling. Evidently a photo taken in the surf
text: somewhere, but here it's been crudely superimposed onto a
text: Martian landscape. Laughter greets this unlikely image.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: When you guys land, it'll prove once
dialog: and for all there's no intelligent
dialog: life on Mars.
text: More hoots of LAUGHTER, CATCALLS, but Maggie jumps in to
text: protest, as the VIDEOCAMERA SWINGS TO HER AND JIM. Terri
text: sits nearby.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Hey, c'mon, what if I'm right?
speaker_heading: ASSORTED VOICES
dialog: Oh no, here we go! Don't get her
dialog: started! Somebody put on some music!
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: It's our sister planet!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Oh brother!
text: LAUGHTER at this, and Maggie joins in. She's a good sport.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Maggie, why does this have to be
dialog: about us? Mars is a great opportunity
dialog: for pure science.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: We'll do the science. And we'll do
dialog: it very well. That's what we've
dialog: trained for. But what if there's
dialog: more...? In all our myths, in every
dialog: human culture, Mars has always held
dialog: a special attraction. What if that
dialog: means something? Only we don't
dialog: understand it yet...
text: The mood of the party is changing, as everyone is caught up
text: in Maggie's spell. She has a radiant simplicity. The VIDEO
text: CAMERA DRIFTS IN ON HER; we are caught up, too.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: The universe is not chaos. It's
dialog: connection. Life reaches out for
dialog: life...
text: She looks at McConnell, smiles. He takes her hand.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: This is what we were born for, isn't
dialog: it? To stand on a new world, and
dialog: look beyond it to the next one. It's
dialog: who we are.
text: A silence; the guests are enchanted by the purity of her
text: passion. She smiles, suddenly self-conscious. She hadn't
dialog: meant to get so carried away.
scene_heading: IN THE PRESENT - MCCONNELL
text: Reaches out, gently taps the keyboard, FREEZING the screen.
text: He and Woody, their eyes shining, stare at her image. A beat.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Yeah. I'm good to go.
text: Woody glances at him. It's true. Rather than being saddened,
text: McConnell seems to have taken on new strength. A renewed
text: sense of wonder.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: After all these years... Can you
dialog: believe it? Tomorrow we'll be standing
dialog: on Mars.
text: Woody nods, smiles.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You know what? She may have been
dialog: right.
text: McConnell looks at him.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: If that wasn't a quake down there,
dialog: then something else caused it. Or
dialog: planned it... You're thinking the
dialog: same thing.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: It's never been out of my mind.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Jesus. You realize what this means?
text: McConnell nods. Looks again at Maggie's face on the screen.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: She knew, Woody. She was the only
dialog: one of us that ever thought there
dialog: might be something down there.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Yeah, and we're not leaving until we
dialog: find out... Deal?
text: McConnell nods. They clasp hands briefly. Deal. Then Woody
text: turns. Before leaving, he hesitates just a moment, turning
text: back. One last thought, and he doesn't know he's going to
dialog: say it until it comes out.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Maggie was the best of us.
text: McConnell looks at him, silent but grateful. Woody goes.
text: McConnell turns back, looking at her smiling face, frozen on
text: the screen.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. NIGHT
text: MARS LOOMS AHEAD OF US.
text: As seen through the cockpit windows. Huge, beautiful, MUCH
text: CLOSER now. We can make out swirling pink clouds, large
text: surface features. It's just before Martian dawn, the next
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Range 6783 and closing. 35 minutes
dialog: till Mars Orbital Capture.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Okay, people let's look sharp. If we
text: overshoot, there's no coming back.
speaker_heading: PHIL (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, and drifting through eternity
dialog: will ruin your whole day.
text: In the cockpit, Woody and McConnell are in the pilot and co-
text: pilot's wearing space suits but not yet helmets. AS CAMERA
text: PULLS BACK AND AWAY, we see them making instrument adjustments
text: in preparation for MOI.
speaker_heading: TERRI (O.S.)
dialog: Delta V systems initialized.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Charge primary APU.
speaker_heading: TERRI (O.S.)
dialog: Engaged. Charged.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Select HPU fuel cells for run.
speaker_heading: TERRI (O.S.)
dialog: Engaged.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Tie main bus to systems.
speaker_heading: PHIL (O.S.)
dialog: Power ready.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Select H2/O2 HPU and fuel cells for
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: PHIL (O.S.)
text: H2/O2 control valves open.
text: CAMERA TURNS, PUSHING DOWN INTO...
scene_heading: INT. EVA AIRLOCK. NIGHT
text: ...Where Phil and Terri sit side by side at a pair of
text: computers, relaying cockpit commands to the systems.
speaker_heading: WOODY (O.S.)
dialog: Charge flow.
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: Charged and on-line
speaker_heading: WOODY (O.S.)
dialog: Reset PW.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Set
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
speaker_heading: Transfer protocol data from EVA
dialog: station.
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: Transferred. Awaiting track
dialog: confirmation.
text: There's a sudden LOUD, BRITTLE POP from somewhere overhead,
text: and Phil's gloved hand, hovering over a computer screen, is
text: punctured through and through. The screen itself is holed
text: and spiderwebbed with a loud CRACK!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Uhhh!
text: PHIL HOLDS UP HIS HAND
text: As he and Terri stare at it, dumbfounded. Thick droplets of
text: blood leak out and begin to swirl away, sucked up towards
text: the venting puncture in the hull over head. The astronauts'
text: helmets dangle up there, awaiting use.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: What in God's --
text: Suddenly we hear HIGH PITCHED ALARMS SOUNDING, then the
text: PINGING OF MORE TINY MISSILES, slashing across the ship's
dialog: outer skin.
scene_heading: WOODY AND MCCONNELL
text: Are staring back from the cockpit, reacting in astonishment
text: to Phil's drifting blood and to the alarms. Then Woody
text: suddenly understands.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Micrometeoroids
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (scanning sensors)
dialog: Breach hits in the hull!
text: ANGLES ON TERRI AND PHIL
text: As she seizes his wounded hand, tries to stop the bleeding.
text: He's staring at a gauge.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Outgassing! Losing pressure!
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Woody, seal the breech!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WOODY
text: As he unbuckles, dives from the cockpit back down into the
text: EVA, and floats quickly over to a storage hatch. He yanks
text: this open pulling out a
speaker_heading: PATCH GUN
text: Then spins around in zero-G, as his eyes track
text: THE RISING DROPLETS OF BLOOD
text: Which give a telltale hint of the puncture's location,
text: somewhere up among the dangling helmets on the "ceiling."
scene_heading: WOODY PUSHES OFF
text: Rising to this area, and shoves aside a helmet with a
text: shattered faceplate -- its label reads "MCCONNELL" -- to
text: REVEAL A BREECH IN THE HULL. Jagged metal edges, dangling
text: insulation. The blood droplets are whirling out through here,
text: going into the vacuum of space.
text: Quickly Woody stuffs the muzzle of the patch gun into the
text: puncture, firing a thick grey sealant. We hear MORE PINGS,
text: ECHOING LOUDLY, but after a few seconds they DIMINISH, then
text: abruptly STOP. The KLAXONS continue to wail.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Kill those alarms!
text: McConnell punches buttons, MUTING THE ALARMS, and they all
text: strain to listen, faces tense and sweating. A long beat. But
text: the meteor shower has passed by, as abruptly as it appeared.
text: The astronauts turn, becoming aware of a strange phenomenon.
scene_heading: PHIL'S BLOOD DROPLETS
text: Have stopped in place, wobbling eerily as perfect spheres in
text: the zero-G. Then suddenly they start moving again, faster
text: and faster, in a new direction. Down through the open core
text: tunnel that leads to the lower Hab.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Stares at a gauge that confirms what's happening.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Still outgassing in the lower Hab!
dialog: There must be another hole down there,
dialog: even bigger.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Losing pressure fast! We're gonna
dialog: decompress!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Computer, how long until zero
dialog: atmosphere?
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: (after a beat)
text: Four minutes, nine seconds.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: If we get below 20% atmosphere, the
dialog: power will shut down!
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: Positive! A vacuum inside the ship
dialog: would cause a total electrical
dialog: failure. The nav computers will fry!
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (to Woody)
dialog: We'll lose all control. We won't be
dialog: able to fire the engines to capture
dialog: Mars orbit.
text: Just then a computer screen flickers, freezes. Phil punches
text: keys with his good hand. What he sees shocks him.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: It's already starting. The primary L-
text: 1 hub has been smashed. The systems
text: are crashing.
text: Woody looks back at his crew, struggling to project more
text: calm than he really feels.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Everybody switch to suit oxygen. We
dialog: beat this in the simulator, we can
dialog: do it here. Jim, you've got the ship.
dialog: I'm going EVA.
text: They stare at him, stunned by their immense task.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: C'mon, people, let's go! Let's work
dialog: the problem!
scene_heading: INT. EVA AIRLOCK. MOMENTS LATER
text: Terri, now helmeted, is putting Woody's helmet on him, but
text: something's in the way, chafing his neck. He reaches into
text: his suit, pulls out...
speaker_heading: THE CHAIN
text: From around his neck, with his little Flash Gordon rocketship
dialog: dangling.
text: WOODY HANDS THIS TO TERRI
text: As they share a brief, loving glance, but there's no time
text: for words. She tightens his helmet ring, and he brushes his
text: gloved fingertips on her faceplate. Then he hurries towards
text: the inner hatch door, where McConnell is throwing airlock
text: switches. Woody and McConnell exchange a look.
text: At the EVA computer panel, Phil is shutting down non-essential
text: power drains, trying to get the main computer system back on
text: line. His wounded hand makes this difficult and painful.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Jesus, it's still bleeding.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Keep the pressure on!
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Eighty percent atmosphere...
scene_heading: INT./EXT. AIRLOCK. NIGHT
text: The outer airlock door is now open, revealing stars, as Woody
text: drifts through it into space. He's now wearing the MMU, an
text: oversized jet pack like the ones used by the shuttle
dialog: astronauts.
scene_heading: INT. EVA ROOM. NIGHT
scene_heading: MCCONNELL'S HELMET.
text: With its shattered faceplate -- now useless -- drifts past
text: Terri as she is wrapping med tape around gauze pads on Phil's
dialog: glove.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Floats up to them, checking on Phil's work at the computer.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Jim, you've gotta get your spare
text: helmet from storage.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: No time. Phil, can you keep the nav
dialog: computers on-line?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I can't get this damn machine to re-
dialog: initialize! And the automated systems
dialog: just went down. We can't shut down
dialog: the hab rotation from here.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I'll do it from below.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: We're losing pressure. You could
dialog: embolize.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Seventy percent atmosphere...
text: McConnell looks at her, knows she's right. But he starts off
text: anyway. Phil reaches out his good hand.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Jim, I've got an idea. If you guys
dialog: can save enough atmosphere, I'll
dialog: disconnect the power in the main
text: computer bay, then jump start the
dialog: systems. I'll do a hard boot.
text: This is a radical, incredibly risky notion. McConnell stares
text: hard at Phil. So does Terri.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Has that ever been tested?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Are you kidding? These machines are
dialog: much too valuable.
text: McConnell looks from Terri to Phil. It's life and death.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Do it.
text: Then he turns, and the CAMERA FOLLOWS MCCONNELL as he pushes
text: away from the console and dives down into the core tunnel,
text: heading towards the
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER HAB
text: ...where he emerges from the core into the rotating Hab deck,
text: and pushes himself down a ladder toward the floor. He
text: accelerates as he gets closer to the floor, then rights
text: himself with a twist and lands on his feet -- now in gravity.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS RECOVERY. NIGHT
text: Woody, in the MMU, is hovering over the lower segment of the
text: Hab hull, and right away we see his problem. He can't reach
text: the damaged spot because it's spinning past him, spewing
dialog: vapor.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Jim, how we doin' on the AG?
scene_heading: INT. LOWER HAB. NIGHT
text: McConnell runs to a computer terminal and starts clicking
text: with the mouse.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Just one goddamn second. Come on,
dialog: c'mon...
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Voice print identification.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: McConnell!
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: (a beat)
text: Accepted. Shutting down artificial
dialog: gravitational rotation.
text: McConnell hears a sound up at the core tunnel. He turns,
text: it's Terri. She holds an small 0-2 cannister, marked with a
dialog: red cross.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Hang on!
text: McConnell grabs onto a counter edge as...
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE. NIGHT
text: Attitude control thrusters on the hull begin firing in pulses.
text: The rotation of the lower Hab deck immediately starts to
text: slow down. The great red ball of Mars drifts by.
scene_heading: INT. CORE TUNNEL. NIGHT
text: Terri, lurching, grabs a ladder strut, and watches from the
dialog: tunnel as...
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Is also jarred by the firing of the thrusters. The rotation
text: slows until the Hab is still. Zero-G. McConnell floats. He
text: and Terri can hear the terrifying sound of air whistling out
text: into space through the breach hole.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Sixty per cent atmosphere...
speaker_heading: WOODY (V.O.)
dialog: Get some light on the hole so I can
dialog: locate it.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I've got a better idea.
dialog: (shouts to Terri)
dialog: Stay there!
text: He starts rooting through Phil's storage area -- bags of
dialog: M&amp;Ms, comic books -- looking for what he needs.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. NIGHT
text: Phil is now strapped into the pilot's seat. He's scared,
text: sweating hard, but concentrating fiercely as his one good
text: hand works a battery-powered screwdriver.
text: He's removing the panel of the main computer bay. Over the
text: intercom, he can hear the merciless struggle going on
dialog: elsewhere.
speaker_heading: WOODY (V.O.)
dialog: I'm topside, Jim, do you know which
dialog: sector?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL (V.O.)
dialog: I'm workin' on it!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE. NIGHT
text: The lower Hab deck is no longer revolving. Woody pops his
text: thrusters and drifts over the metallic skin. But there's
dialog: such a vast area to search!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Jesus, uh, OK, this is gonna be like
text: searching for a needle in a haystack.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER HAB NIGHT
text: McConnell locates a can of Dr. Pepper, shakes this violently,
text: then tosses it up to Terri, who's still in the tunnel mouth.
text: She catches the drifting can, confused. When McConnell speaks
text: again, he's gasping for air.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Shake out the liquid.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Jim, I don't --
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Shake it out near the hull!
text: Terri shakes out soda from the open can. She and McConnell
text: watch the brown stream of fluid swirl up into the air, caught
text: by escaping oxygen. It rises towards the "ceiling" of the
text: outer hull, like a miniature tornado.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE. NIGHT
text: Woody still drifts over the hull, searching intently as his
text: frustration builds.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: C'mon, c'mon, where are you...?
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Fifty per cent atmosphere...
scene_heading: INT. LOWER HAB. NIGHT
text: Terri, staring at the ceiling, sees something remarkable.
speaker_heading: THE SODA STREAM
text: Swirling ever tighter, has formed a whirlpool that's now
text: being sucked out through the breach hole in the hull. She
text: can now see the ugly puncture for the first time.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Woody, the breech is in sector four!
dialog: Sector four, copy that?
speaker_heading: WOODY (V.O.)
dialog: Copy, I' heading there now.
text: Terri turns, excited by McConnell's triumph; she's just in
text: time to see him collapse to the floor below her, as he starts
text: to lose consciousness. He's deathly pale.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE. NIGHT
text: Woody spots a tiny geyser of brownish ice crystals spouting
text: out of the hull of the lower Hab. It's some distance away
text: from him, but clearly visible.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to himself, marveling)
dialog: Sonofabitch. You never did that in
text: the simulator.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER HAB. NIGHT
text: Terri pushes off from the ladder, drifting weightlessly down
text: to McConnell. She opens the valve of the oxygen cannister,
text: pushing the plastic mask over McConnell's face. He sucks in
text: air, color returning to his skin as he revives.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON THE COMPUTER'S GUTS.
text: An incredible tangle of tubes, wires, chips, as Phil's gloved
text: fingers -- both hands now -- probe desperately through them.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Where are you, you little bastard,
dialog: where are you...?
text: PHIL WINCES WITH PAIN.
text: As he moves his hands and forearms deep inside the computer
text: bay. Around him, several of the smaller screens and gauges
text: are starting to malfunction, the data streams breaking apart,
text: streaking into electronic snow. He shoots a tense glance at
scene_heading: THE NAVIGATIONAL MONITOR
text: Which is flickering crazily. It shows the ship moving much
text: closer to its critical MOI point, indicated by a flashing
text: red triangle aimed down at the Martian surface.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Forty percent atmosphere...
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE. NIGHT
text: Woody, popping his thrusters, moves as fast as he can towards
text: the protruding finger of crystal, but he's not there yet.
text: All of a sudden Woody's thrusters cut out. The ship is moving
text: by, a meter beneath him. Woody punches his arm controls.
dialog: Nothing.
text: Then just as the outer edge of the hab starts to pass him,
text: the thrusters kick back in. Woody grabs the edge, starts to
text: move to the hole. Woody lets out a breath.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Whoa.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER HAB. NIGHT
text: McConnell, holding his breath, grabs a patch gun from a
text: storage locker. Terri's still got the 0-2 cannister. He nods
text: to her, and together they push off from the floor, leaping
text: weightlessly up to the other side of the Hab, the "ceiling."
text: They reach the gaping puncture, which they now see has been
text: only partially dammed by the soda ice.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. NIGHT
text: VERY CLOSE ON THE COMPUTER'S INTERIOR
text: As Phil's gloved fingers finally locate the plug he's been
text: searching for. He hopes. And grip it firmly.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Gotcha!
text: PHIL TAKES A DEEP BREATH.
text: Says a silent prayer. Then he yanks the plug. SHRILL WHINES,
text: ELECTRONIC CRACKLES from all around him, as the systems are
text: abruptly shut down, in a way they were never meant to be
text: mishandled. Terrifyingly, a couple of the monitors arc to
text: each other as they die. Dodging sparks, Phil stares at
scene_heading: THE NAVIGATIONAL MONITOR
text: As it also flickers and dies. Now they're flying blind.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Thirty percent atmosphere...
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE. NIGHT
text: Woody arrives at the ice finger, knocks away the big crystal,
text: then pulls his patch equipment from a pouch.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER HAB. NIGHT
text: In the Hab, Terri uses the base of the 0-2 cannister to smash
text: away the interior ice chunk, then McConnell, who's getting
text: wobbly again, blasts the hole with the epoxy gun. As he works,
text: Terri gives him another hit of air.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Twenty percent atmosphere...
text: The lights flicker out in the Hab.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE. NIGHT
text: Outside, Woody slaps a big square patch over the hole, rips
text: off the backing.
text: CLOSE ON THE PATCH
text: As it changes color and shrinks, drawing itself down into
text: the metal of the hull.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. NIGHT
text: VERY CLOSE ON THE COMPUTER'S INTERIOR.
text: As Phil's fingers re-connect the same plug.
scene_heading: PHIL PULLS HIS HAND OUT
text: From inside the computer bay. He's trembling, sweat-streaked
text: inside his faceplate. Blood has soaked through his gauze
text: pads. His good hand hovers over the red main power switch.
dialog: The moment of truth.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: OK... OK now...
text: With a dramatic click, he throws the switch, hard-booting
text: the computer system back on. He stares at the screens.
dialog: Nothing happens!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Come on. Come on...!
text: Frightened, furious, Phil bangs on the switch with his
text: cordless screwdriver. When all else fails, hit something.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER HAB. NIGHT
text: Feeble starlight from the viewports. McConnell and Terri,
text: drifting side by side, stare at one another, expecting to
text: die within seconds. It feels like an agonizing eternity.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Twenty percent atmosphere...
text: McConnell's eyes widen, as he realizes this is the same as
dialog: the last reading.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Pressure stabilizing... Atmosphere
dialog: level increasing.
text: Terri and McConnell look at each other. Tears of relief in
text: her eyes. He is exhausted, nearly spent, but manages a grin.
text: She holds the 0-2 mask up to his face, and as he grips it,
text: breathing deeply, they hug one another.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. NIGHT
text: The lights and computer screens are flickering back on. All
text: of them! The cockpit lights up like a Christmas tree. Phil
text: bounces up and down like a madman, babbling in triumph.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Yes! Awriiiight! Had it all the way.
dialog: Yes!
text: Forgetting his injury, he pounds his gloved fist on the
text: console in triumph.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Shit!
text: He wrings his injured hand, then his gaze is caught by
scene_heading: THE NAVIGATIONAL MONITOR
text: Which pops back on, showing the ship and the MOI point coming
text: perilously close together.
scene_heading: PHIL'S EYES WIDEN IN FEAR
text: As he keys his mike urgently.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Get back in here, guys!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE. NIGHT
text: Woody floats above the repaired hole, scanning the nearby
text: surface of the hull.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Jim, there's a lot of scarring...
dialog: I'd better check for other punctures
dialog: while I'm out here.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL (V.O.)
dialog: Negative, negative. Woody, get back
dialog: inside. We've gotta start the
dialog: checklist for orbital insertion.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (a beat; reluctantly)
dialog: Copy, I'm heading there now.
text: Woody jets back towards the open EVA hatch. But as he reaches
text: this, about to re-enter the ship, he's captured momentarily
text: by a breathtakingly beautiful sight below him.
scene_heading: SUNRISE OVER MARS
text: As the huge planet is REVEALED in all its red, unearthly
dialog: glory. It's so close now that individual features can be
text: seen with the naked eye -- the vast chasm of Valles Marineris,
text: and then Olympus Mons, poking all the way up through the
text: Martian atmosphere. A stunning, alluring spectacle.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Stares down at Mars, enthralled, as sunlight floods the side
text: of the spaceship, sparkles off his visor. Dawn, after a very
text: long night indeed. He whispers lovingly, under his breath.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey, Beautiful...
text: Then he stirs himself out of his reverie and hurries through
text: the EVA hatch.
text: CAMERA DRIFTS QUICKLY BACK and down along the hull as stark
text: sunlight flares off the big propellant tanks, three in a
text: row, and the thick silver tubes that join them. There's a
text: good deal of scarring and denting from the meteor shower.
text: Then, as the ship begins to MOVE OUT OF FRAME...
scene_heading: WE MOVE IN CLOSER
dialog: On one of these tubes, a feeder line to the engine bells, we
text: see a scatter of tiny, undetected holes, about the size of
text: the eraser at the end of a pencil. So small, so apparently
dialog: harmless...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. EVA AIRLOCK. DAY
text: As Woody enters, stripped from the MMU, dripping with sweat,
text: McConnell is waiting for him. For a moment the two men just
text: look at each other, then they surge forward into a fierce
dialog: hug.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Know what? You've got enough left.
text: McConnell looks at him, understands.
text: Terri sits nearby, where she has just finished stitching up
text: Phil's hand. As Woody goes to her, she rises from her seat
text: and looks at him tears of relief and pride in her eyes.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Piece of cake?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Well. Easier than the cha-cha.
text: He scoops her into his arms; they kiss passionately.
text: Phil is blinking; something seems to be getting into his own
text: eyes. His voice catches for a moment.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I don't know what you're getting so
dialog: cocky about. We scored better times
dialog: in the sim at least twice.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (grins)
dialog: How's his hand?
text: Terri separates from Woody, looks down at Phil.
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: Seems OK. Couple of the tendons are
dialog: going to be a little tight for awhile.
dialog: Try to close your fingers, Phil,
text: nice and slowly.
text: Phil starts curling up his fingers. The middle digit remains
dialog: extended in the universal gesture. They all consider this
text: for a moment. Then Phil looks up cheerfully.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Well, at least I'll still be able to
dialog: drive.
text: After a split-second they get it, and the whole crew roars
text: with LAUGHTER, which builds and builds; they're almost giddy
dialog: with the relief of the tension...
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP SPACE. DAY
speaker_heading: MARS RECOVERY
text: Sails INTO VIEW, with small attitude thrusters firing as the
text: great ship maneuvers into position for its orbital-capture
text: burn. Mars looks very large, blood-red. The entire spectacle
text: is majestic, awe-inspiring.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: OK, we're ready to light this candle.
dialog: Go/No Go for braking burn and MOI.
dialog: Engines?
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. DAY
text: All four astronauts are strapped in, fully suited and
text: helmeted. Mars looms through the cockpit windows. The
text: atmosphere is electric with excitement.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Systems.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Nav.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: We are Go for the burn. I'm fueling
dialog: the engines.
text: He flips three switches, in rapid sequence, and...
scene_heading: EXT. MARS RECOVERY. DAY
text: As we MOVE IN on the damaged fuel line, we see a tiny but
text: steady spray of fuel venting from the hole caused by the
text: meterorite. This freezes into eerie streamers and chunks,
text: which slowly drift away from the ship. They're quite
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: PHIL (V.O.)
dialog: Optimum angle of entry minus seven
dialog: degrees. Six... Five...
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. DAY
text: Woody looks at the others for moment -- everyone is set,
text: looking good -- then reaches for a last switch.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Four... Three...
text: Woody hesitates, then glances at McConnell.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Jim?
text: McConnell, moved by this honor, nods. He reaches out to throw
dialog: the switch himself.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Let's go to Mars.
text: As the countdown indicator reaches "0000.00.00", a final
text: signal PINGS, and he flips the switch.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS RECOVERY. DAY
text: In total silence, the engines ignite. The second they do,
text: the streamers of frozen fuel explode in a white flash.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. DAY
text: With alarms sounding, the four astronauts are slammed
text: violently forward, against their restraints.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What the --
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Shut down engines!
text: He and Woody both reach out, straining against the incredible
text: G-forces, and manage to grab a red emergency lever, yanking
text: it down hard.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS RECOVERY. DAY
text: Too late! IN SLOW MOTION, we see a terrifyingly violent chain
text: reaction. The fuel tanks themselves explode, one after
text: another. The supporting metal struts are vaporized. The solar
text: panels are snapped off. Two of the huge engine bells are
text: smashed sideways, out of alignment, while the third, trailing
text: pieces of the cowling, goes hurtling off, PAST CAMERA, like
text: a flaming cannon ball. The entire aft section of the ship,
text: including much of the lower Hab, instantly becomes a shredded,
text: charred tangle of metal, and even worse, the explosion causes
text: what's left of the ship -- mainly the EVA chamber and cockpit --
text: to tumble end over end, cartwheeling down towards Mars.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. DAY
text: In the windows, Mars goes crazily in and out of view. The
text: astronauts, flung this way, then that, are all fighting
dialog: against unconsciousness.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Engines negative! No response! I've
dialog: got no attitude control!
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Manual separation! Blow the bolts!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Negative! The CM doesn't have enough
dialog: thrust to correct this rotation!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: We're too steep! Falling into the
dialog: atmosphere...!
scene_heading: EXT. MARS RECOVERY. DAY
text: From further away, the charred remainder of the ship can be
text: seen spinning down towards Mars, which now fills the screen,
text: looming as large as Earth, when seen from the space shuttle.
text: The ship's motion is mercifully slowing as it hits the outer
text: atmosphere, but just as clearly this steep, unplanned angle
dialog: of entry dooms it.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Christ, at this angle we'll burn up!
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT. DAY
text: ON A COMPUTER.
text: Their ANGLE OF ENTRY is shown -- much too direct -- with an
text: indicated swerve into blinking red disaster. Warnings flash:
scene_heading: CRITICAL ENTRY! PULL OUT!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: How much time've we got?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I don't know! Three minutes? I don't
dialog: know!
text: McConnell's mind is racing furiously, desperately.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Where's the REMO?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: The Resupply Module? Why? That's not --
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Where is it?!
text: Phil punches buttons. ON THE SCREEN a second ellipse appears:
text: a blinking orange dot labelled "REMO." It appears to be soon
text: intersecting with their own trajectory.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Uh, it's close...
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Damn it, how close?!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: I-I don't know. It'll take time...
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: We don't have time! Figure it out!
dialog: Now!
text: Phil frantically types in commands on the computer.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Jim, we're dead stick, there's no
dialog: way to maneuver this ship into a
dialog: link-up!
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Not the ship. Just us. We have to go
speaker_heading: EVA.
text: They look at him, stunned. Leave the ship?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: You want us to transfer in suits?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Jesus, Jim -- if we don't make it --
dialog: if we miss the REMO...
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: There's no other choice! Phil, how
dialog: close?!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: One kilometer, that's the best I can
dialog: do!
text: They stare at Woody. We feel the full, terrible weight of
text: his responsibility. Four lives hang on his call.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Prepare to abandon ship.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE. DAY
text: The astronauts are outside the ship, tethered to each other
text: with long shock cords. Other cords, clipped to their suits,
text: trail gear bags. Phil clutches a silver metallic case -- his
text: precious computer repair kit. Woody is in the MMU. They're
text: all rotating at the same speed as the ship behind them.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: On my mark, seven percent left
text: thruster. Three, two, one, fire.
text: All four astronauts fire a brief, simultaneous burst from
text: the tiny attitude control thrusters in their suits. This
text: stops their rotation, bringing their travel under control.
text: The ship continues spinning in the background.
text: Woody takes a final look at the charred, doomed Mars Recovery.
text: The only home they've known for six months. He exchanges a
text: silent glance with the others. They all expect to be dead in
text: the next few minutes. Woody takes a breath, nods.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Okay. Let's go.
text: He pops the big thrusters on the MMU and starts heading away
text: from the ship. The cord between Woody and the others pulls
text: taut and they start to follow.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
text: Of Woody leading them away from the crippled spaceship,
text: against the magnificent backdrop of the blood-red planet
text: below. Four tiny figures, all alone in space.
text: ANGLE ON MCCONNELL AND THE OTHERS
text: As Phil looks back, his eyes searching the stars.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: What're you looking for?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (softly, sadly)
dialog: Earth.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hey. When we get back? We really
dialog: will have to try this in the sim.
text: He tries to smile. So does she.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: How we doin' on fuel, Woody?
text: Woody eyes a small display screen on his forearm.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I'm at fifty percent.
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: But I don't see the REMO.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: Everyone is looking back at the curve of Mars against black
text: space, expecting to see the REMO coming up behind them.
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: Happens to glance directly below.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: There she is!
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: The black outline of the little cargo craft drifts against
dialog: the red of Mars.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Jesus. She's not where I thought
dialog: she'd be.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: We're going to miss her.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Looks again at his display screen, frustrated.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: We can't catch it. Not like this.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (thinking quickly)
dialog: Use the tether.
text: From a compartment on the side of the MMU, Woody pulls out...
scene_heading: THE TETHER GUN
text: About the size of a large flare gun. There's a carabiner-
text: like hook five inches in diameter on the front of the gun.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: We'll only have one, maybe two shots
text: before she's out of reach.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: It'll be better if I leave you the
dialog: gun while I run out to the REMO.
dialog: I've got enough fuel left for that.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: You'll be going too fast.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I'll aim to overshoot, then brake
dialog: like hell; arc it in.
text: McConnell looks at him. They both know how risky this is,
text: and they also know it's their only chance. Woody flips a
text: switch on the gun and pulls on the hook. Off it comes,
text: trailing wire. Woody clips the hook to the MMU, then hands
text: McConnell the gun.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Seeya in a few.
text: McConnell nods. Woody and Terri exchange a look -- tender,
text: loving -- then Woody turns around and fires the MMU jets at
text: full throttle. As Woody pulls away, line unspools from the
text: tether gun.
scene_heading: WOODY AND THE REMO
text: Woody is chasing the REMO from above. It's as if he were in
text: an airplane, trying to land on a car racing along a freeway.
text: Woody is picking up speed quickly. Maybe too quickly. He
text: checks his armpad display screen.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Okay. I'm on path to overshoot. I'm
dialog: gonna take the edge off.
text: Woody starts braking with the MMU thrusters as hard as he
dialog: can.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE THRUSTERS
text: Glowing with orange flame. They suddenly cut off.
speaker_heading: WOODY'S EYES
text: Show alarm. He checks his display.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: I'm out. Coming in hot. Still long.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Abandoning the unit. I'll brake with
text: suit jets.
text: Woody hits some buttons and the MMU's latches snap open. He
text: grabs the hook connected to the tether line, then pushes
text: himself free of the MMU, starts firing his small suit jets.
speaker_heading: WOODY'S POV
text: He's still going very quickly.
scene_heading: WITH MCCONNELL, TERRI AND PHIL
text: Floating close together. The tether line is still unspooling
text: from the gun. They watch Woody, below and ahead of them, as
text: he races towards the REMO. Terri's heart is in her throat.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Oh Jesus. Jesus...
text: McConnell reaches a glove out, touching her arm.
scene_heading: BACK ON WOODY
text: Still speeding towards the REMO. His suit jets cut out.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Suit jets gone. But I'm gonna make
dialog: contact...
scene_heading: MCCONNELL, TERRI AND PHIL
text: Stare at Woody's distant figure.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT --
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: At what velocity?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Impact's gonna be a little rough.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: At what velocity?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thirty-two.
text: A look between McConnell and Terri; her face is stricken.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I'm gonna use the gun to slow you.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No! You slow me and I'll fall short.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: It's too fast, Woody.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No choice. I'll be okay. Here we
dialog: go...
scene_heading: WOODY AND THE REMO
text: Woody's coming down on the module at over thirty kilometers
text: an hour. He holds the hook out in front of him with one hand
text: while grabbing the tether line with the other, and WHAM! --
text: he crashes into the REMO.
speaker_heading: WOODY'S HAND
text: Slams the hook against a receiver on the hull of the REMO.
speaker_heading: IT CONNECTS --
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Tries to hold onto the tether line but his momentum is too
dialog: much.
scene_heading: HIS GLOVED HANDS
text: Are ripped from the line.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Slides over the hull of the REMO.
speaker_heading: HIS HANDS
text: Grasp in vain for something to grab onto. They drag and bump
text: and then finally his fingers close on... empty space.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Is past the REMO, freefalling toward Mars.
scene_heading: BACK ON MCCONNELL, TERRI AND PHIL
text: As Terri screams.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Woody!!
text: McConnell hits a button on the tether gun and starts to reel
text: them quickly in towards the REMO.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Tries his suit jets again -- they're empty.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: Falling away from the REMO.
scene_heading: MCCONNELL AND THE OTHERS
text: Are being reeled towards the REMO by the tether line. Another
dialog: couple hundred meters to go.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Woody, what's your status?
scene_heading: INTERCUTTING --
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Uh, well, no suit jets and I'm still
text: carrying a good deal of velocity.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: As soon as we get hooked up, I'll
dialog: come get you.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Uh, I'd have to say negative on that,
dialog: Jim.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Negative on the transmission?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, I heard you. Negative on the
dialog: maneuver. I am not retrievable.
text: McConnell and Terri share a quick, anguished look.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Woody, that's not possible. You're
dialog: not going that fast.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: It comes down to the amount of fuel,
dialog: honey. The suit jets were designed
dialog: for attitude control, not travel.
dialog: Retrieval just won't work.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: It has to work!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hey, believe me, I don't like it any
dialog: more than you do.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Woody --
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Run the numbers, Jim.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I am.
text: McConnell finishes looking over the numbers on his display
text: pad. Terri is staring at him. When McConnell's eyes meet
text: hers, they are red-rimmed. Haunted.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Woody, you hang tight. We'll get
text: into the REMO, fire her up, drop her
text: into a lower orbit and come scoop
dialog: you up.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Sounds good, Jim.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: It's gonna take half an hour to get
dialog: the REMO reoriented! Woody'll be...
dialog: He'll be in the atmosphere by then!
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Then we'll have to get her moving
dialog: faster.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: We don't have time!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: You listen to Jim, honey. It's a
dialog: good plan.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: No! We are going to --
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Oh Jesus, look! The ship!
text: Phil points. McConnell and Terri look.
scene_heading: THE MARS RECOVERY COCKPIT
text: Is now several kilometers below and behind them. It's glowing
text: red... then orange... then white. Then it erupts into a giant
text: fireball, devoured by friction with Mars' atmosphere.
scene_heading: MCCONNELL, TERRI AND PHIL IN DEEP SPACE
text: Are all staring at this, awed, when McConnell happens to
text: look up again. He sees something alarming.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Look out!
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: They are drifting quickly into the REMO.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Brakes!
speaker_heading: ALL THREE
text: Fire their suit jets, slowing themselves down. They bang
text: into the REMO at about one-tenth the speed Woody did. They
text: find handholds and grab on. McConnell hits a button on the
text: tether gun.
speaker_heading: THE HOOK
text: Releases from the REMO's hull. McConnell hits another button
text: and it is reeled all the way into the gun. Phil is already
text: scrabbling at a latch on the REMO's outer airlock door.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Okay, let's get inside! Phil, start
dialog: dumping the cargo, or there won't be
dialog: room for us.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: But we need those supplies for --
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Dump the cargo. Hang on, Woody!
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Is looking back at the REMO. Smiles with relief to see that
text: Terri has reached it safely.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Will do, Jim.
text: He turns to look at...
speaker_heading: MARS
text: Right below him, filling his field of view. A long beat.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Hey, Beautiful...
text: BACK AT THE REMO
text: Terri makes a snap decision. She grabs the tether gun from
text: McConnell's surprised hands, then pushes off from the REMO.
text: McConnell lunges after her, his gloved hand straining.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Terri, no!
text: But it's too late. She's already out of reach, and now fires
text: her suit jets, pulling quickly away from the REMO.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Is reaching to activate his own jets, when
speaker_heading: PHIL'S HAND
text: Grabs at his wrist, restraining this suicidal courage. They
text: stare at each other. McConnell wrenches his hand free, half-
text: maddened, agonized, staring after Terri.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Goddammit, Terri, it won't work!
text: But Terri keeps on going.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Looks back at the REMO, as he continues to fall towards Mars.
text: Sees the small figure of his wife heading towards him.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Terri, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT --
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I'll tell you what I'm not doing,
dialog: Woody. I'm not going to watch you
dialog: die.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Terri --
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: You'd do the same for me.
speaker_heading: AT THE REMO
text: Phil is watching as Terri drops towards the distant twinkle
text: of Woody's suit lights. The airlock door hangs open. Phil
text: looks at McConnell, anguished.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Get inside. Dump the cargo, then
dialog: start the systems.
dialog: (Phil hesitates)
dialog: Now.
text: INTERCUTTING BETWEEN WOODY AND TERRI
text: As Woody keys his mike. Tries to steady his voice.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No. I wouldn't come for you. Not if
dialog: it just wasn't possible.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I can do it!
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No, Terri, you can't! You don't have
dialog: enough fuel to get me, stop us both,
dialog: and get us back. Hell, you come any
dialog: farther and you won't have enough to
dialog: get back yourself.
text: No response from Terri.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Listen to me, goddammit! You have to
dialog: stop! You have to stop now!
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: He's right, Terri... It's no use.
text: Terri looks at her armpad display.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON DISPLAY SCREEN
text: As her fuel indicator drops from 50 percent to 49 to...
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: Releases her thumb from the toggle control.
speaker_heading: HER SUIT JETS
dialog: Stop firing.
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: Drifts, staring towards Woody.
scene_heading: TERRI AND WOODY
text: Are on the same trajectory, going the same speed, and only
text: about a hundred meters apart. But it might as well be
text: infinity.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Okay, honey...? You gotta go back
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: The hell I do.
text: Terri raises up the tether gun and pulls the trigger.
speaker_heading: THE HOOK
text: Comes shooting out of the gun, wire spooling out behind it.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Watches as it comes shooting down toward him.
scene_heading: PLATE POV -- MOVING -- AS
text: Woody gets larger and larger, the hook gets closer and closer,
text: and then SNAP! -- the hook stops. ANGLE ON THE TETHER GUN
text: The wire has run all the way out.
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Looks at the drifting hook, ten agonizing meters away from
text: him. His only life preserver.
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: Hits the button and the wire starts winching fast back into
dialog: the gun.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I'm gonna jet a little closer and
dialog: try again.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Terri, you spend any fuel getting
dialog: closer, you won't get back, and if
dialog: anyone tries to get you, they'll die
dialog: too.
text: No response from Terri.
speaker_heading: THE HOOK
text: Is whipping back toward Terri and the gun. Woody's voice
text: cracks; he's very close to tears. Pleading now.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Honey, please go back. Go back and
text: help everyone get down to the surface.
text: The hook slams back against the muzzle of the gun. Terri
text: resets the gun quickly, in an anguished fury.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I am not losing you.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I can't let you do it. I can't. I'm
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: Looks at Woody, two hundred meters away, sensing something
text: different in his voice now, a terrible resolve...
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Woody...?
speaker_heading: WOODY
text: Raises his hands to his helmet ring. His eyes shining.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I love you, Terri. God how I love
dialog: you.
text: He unscrews the ring, pops the seal. The outrush of air pushes
text: his helmet all the way off. Woody shuts his eyes and opens
text: his mouth.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Woody, nooooooo...!!!
text: Ice crystals bloom with Woody's last breath. There's nothing
text: to suck in. He doesn't fight it. He lets death come.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TERRI
text: Tears streaming, chest heaving, frantic.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Woody, oh Woody, please God, no!
speaker_heading: HER THUMB
text: Hovers over her suit jet toggle control. McConnell's voice,
text: from the distance, sounds very tired. Like he's aged fifty
text: years in the blink of an eye.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Come back, Terri.
text: Terri's thumb is still poised. Death would be better.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MCCONNELL
text: Outside the REMO. The hatch is still open. We see Phil inside,
text: staring out anxiously towards Terri.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (quietly, simply)
text: He's gone.
text: He sees no movement from the distant, small figure of Terri.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Please, Terri...
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: We need you.
speaker_heading: TERRI'S THUMB
text: Pushes the toggle control... to one side, not forward.
speaker_heading: TERRI'S FACE
text: Inside her helmet, is streaming with tears. She turns herself
text: around, reluctantly. Heads slowly back towards the REMO.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION. MMCR. DAY
text: On the big screen at MMCR, a glowing green icon labelled
text: "MARS RECOVERY" is shown in orbit, as a stream of computer
text: figures crawls beside it.
scene_heading: SUPER TITLE: "SPACE STATION. MMCR. 20 MINUTE TIME LAG"
text: Beck stands by the NEW CAPCOM, as the latter repeats headset
dialog: data.
speaker_heading: NEW CAPCOM
dialog: Okay, they're Go for the burn and
dialog: MOI. Should be initiating the burn
dialog: just about... now.
text: Suddenly the data stream goes crazy. It shivers, streaks,
text: breaks up... then stops. The blinking green icon representing
text: Mars Recovery glows brighter... then vanishes.
text: A moment of stunned silence in the big room. Then a rising
text: babble of scared, confused voices.
speaker_heading: RAY BECK
text: Takes a step forward, staring helplessly at the screen. His
text: face goes pale, stricken. His worst nightmare is taking place,
text: right before his eyes -- and for the second mission in a
dialog: row...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. REMO. MARS ORBIT. NIGHT
text: The REMO is now on the night side of Mars. Cargo boxes,
text: packing cases and assorted equipment containers float outside.
text: The hatch is sealed.
scene_heading: INT. REMO. MARS ORBIT. NIGHT
text: McConnell hovers by a bulkhead. He's anguished, haunted by
text: the image of Woody's death. We see him struggling to overcome
text: his grief and shock, trying to force himself to concentrate
text: on the critical tasks at hand. In front of him, a panel has
dialog: been opened; he's facing
scene_heading: SMALL UTILITY MONITOR
text: Already glowing, surrounded by coded switches, indicator
text: lights, com ports.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Stares at these, thinking hard, remembering. He's holding a
text: palm-sized computer, already wired into this panel. He begins
text: tapping the keys, but then stops himself. Reconsiders. He
text: turns, looking back at
speaker_heading: TERRI AND PHIL
text: Hunched on what would be the floor if the REMO were on land.
text: They grip stowage straps to keep from drifting. Clearly this
text: tiny, rude cargo craft was never designed for manned
text: operation. It's claustrophobic, bitterly cold.
speaker_heading: PHIL'S FACE
text: Is a map of torment. He is shivering, both from cold and
text: fear, barely holding himself together. He hugs his computer
text: supply case like a scared child would hug a teddy bear.
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: Is worse. A thousand-yard stare. She's in shock.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Knows he has to occupy them. Speaks softly.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Phil?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Hey, Phil...?
text: Phil looks up at him dully.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: We're going in blind. We'll deploy
dialog: the chutes by laptop. I need to get
text: on the data bus, put in a software
dialog: patch, and try to soften this tin
dialog: can's landing. I could use your help
text: with the patch.
text: After a moment Phil releases his strap, pushes towards
text: McConnell. He stares numbly at the monitor for a few beats,
text: then takes the little computer from McConnell. He begins to
text: tap the keys, slowly at first, but then with more confidence.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: That's great. Good job.
dialog: (turning to Terri)
dialog: Hey, Terri, I was wondering. Think
dialog: maybe we could rig some kind of
dialog: seatbelts out of those cargo straps?
text: Terri hesitates a moment, then looks at the strap in her
text: hand, as if she's never seen it before. Dully she reaches
text: for another one, begins looping them together.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Studies both of their faces intently. Knows that he can't
text: push them too hard, too fast. They're moving like robots,
dialog: but at least they're moving.
scene_heading: EXT. REMO. MARS ORBIT. NIGHT. (MINUTES LATER)
text: Small thrusters are firing, getting the REMO into position
dialog: for entry into the atmosphere.
text: Then all the jets fire in unison, braking the REMO, as it
text: falls away from us, towards Mars at night.
scene_heading: INT. REMO. HIGH ATMOSPHERE. NIGHT
text: The astronauts, restrained on the floor by Terri's jury-rigged
text: strap system, hold on for dear life. The buffeting through
text: the atmosphere is shaking them violently.
scene_heading: BEHIND THEIR FACEPLATES
text: We see the effect of the incredible g-forces: faces distorted,
text: unable to focus their eyes. Each of them thinking, once again:
dialog: Now I'm going to die...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS ONE BASE CAMP. NIGHT
text: The Mars One Base Camp looms in the foreground, like some
text: desolate, otherwordly ghost town. And then, in the night sky
text: beyond it, we see an eerie and beautiful sight: a bright
text: streak of red as the REMO slashes down into the Martian
text: atmosphere, like a shooting star, finally disappearing behind
text: distant mountains. Then all is stillness again, deathly
text: stillness and silence...
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION. VIEWPORT. DAY
text: Beck stands by a viewport, staring out into space. He's just
text: lost four good friends, and also knows he is seeing, in this
text: disaster, the probable end of the Mars Program, and the
text: certain end of his own career. He doesn't, at first, even
text: hear the nearby VOICE.
speaker_heading: NEW CAPCOM
dialog: Ray...? We've got some new data,
text: just coming in.
text: Beck looks up, his eyes red-rimmed. The CapCom shifts
text: uneasily. He's holding a computer printout.
speaker_heading: NEW CAPCOM
dialog: We just -- it doesn't make any sense.
dialog: We're not sure how to read this.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: Data?
speaker_heading: NEW CAPCOM
dialog: Yes sir. Telemetry reports the REMO
text: has left its orbit and reached the
dialog: Martian surface.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Crashed?
speaker_heading: NEW CAPCOM
dialog: No sir. Under power.
text: Beck snatches the paper, staring at it. For the first time
text: we see some life coming back into him.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: NEW CAPCOM
text: Sixty-three minutes after Mars
dialog: Recovery went off-line. Sir, the
text: graph reads like a controlled descent.
dialog: But that doesn't make any --
text: Beck suddenly understands. And it's a joy to see his face,
text: the tears of happiness that spring into his eyes.
speaker_heading: BECK
text: They used the REMO as a lander.
text: The CapCom stares back at him, feeling the same surge of
dialog: hope.
speaker_heading: BECK
dialog: It's McConnell, it's got to be! Nobody
dialog: else could have pulled this off. Son
dialog: of a bitch! They're alive.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. MARTIAN SURFACE. MARS ONE BASE CAMP. DAY
speaker_heading: POV ANGLE - WIDE
text: As we see the Mars One Base Camp: silent, very still. In the
text: distance, the massive ERV still looms, perched for takeoff,
text: the bottom rungs of its ladder buried.
speaker_heading: PANNING
text: We see that sand has drifted high against the Hab, as well
text: as the sides of the partially-deflated tunnel and greenhouse,
text: and the four-man rover. The oxygen still and propellant plant
text: are almost buried. Solar panels, some of them punctured by
text: micrometeors, FLAP and CREAK eerily in the slight breeze.
dialog: And finally,
scene_heading: CLOSER TO CAMERA
text: We see the camp's American flag, still on its toppled pole,
text: but nearly obliterated by sand.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MCCONNELL, TERRI, AND PHIL
text: Who are spooked by this desolation. They've paused at the
text: edge of the camp.
text: They have dragged along with them from their landing site a
text: crude sledge, improvised from the REMO's hatch cover and
text: some cargo straps. On this, their meager supplies.
text: McConnell, glancing at the others, knows he's got to keep
text: their spirits up. He kneels, digs out the flag pole. Brushing
text: off the sand, he rights this and re-plants it firmly in the
text: ground, packing the sand down with his boot. He stands for a
text: moment looking at the flag, his eyes moist. Despite the cost,
dialog: they have made it to Mars.
text: When he turns, Terri and Phil are looking at him, moved.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Better?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Damn right.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Terri, let's see if that oxygen still
dialog: is operational. Phil, you better
dialog: check out the ERV. I'll take the
dialog: Hab. If you find Luke's --
text: He catches himself. Phil and Terri look at him.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Just keep in touch.
scene_heading: EXT. ERV. DAY
text: Phil steps from the umber sand onto the ERV's ladder, begins
text: to climb. The four-man rover is nearby, sand drifted high
text: against its tires.
scene_heading: EXT. OXYGEN STILL. DAY
text: Terri kneels by the oxygen still, begins to scoop away sand
text: with her gloved hands. She still looks numb.
scene_heading: EXT. HAB. DAY
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (on radio)
text: I'm at the main airlock door.
text: He unlatches a panel, grips the emergency lever inside, tugs
text: it. After a seeming eternity, the door groans and creaks
text: open. Little puffs of dust and sand swirl about, settle.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Entering Hab.
scene_heading: EXT. ERV. DAY
text: Perched atop the ERV's ladder, Phil, using a battery-powered
text: drill, is just removing the final screw from the hatch cover.
text: He lifts off the heavy cover, lets it tumble to the sand.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I've got ERV access. I'm going in.
dialog: Terri, you okay?
scene_heading: EXT. OXYGEN STILL. DAY
text: Terri is still scooping sand. She's just cleared the first
text: row of gauges.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Yeah. This is gonna take awhile to
dialog: get back to 100% capacity.
scene_heading: INT. MARS ONE HAB. DAY
text: McConnell walks through the kitchen, which we recognize. He
text: pauses to look at the table from which Luke and his crew
text: taped their final, fateful message.
scene_heading: HIS BIRTHDAY CUPCAKE
text: Still sits there, eerily, with its stub of burned-out candle.
text: Half-finished, frozen cups of coffee. Suddenly, out of the
text: corner of his eye, he catches a flash of white. He spins,
text: startled, and sees
scene_heading: HIS OWN REFLECTION.
text: In his white pressure suit, staring back at him from the
text: screen of a video monitor. Above this is perched the camera
text: the Mars One astronauts used for their comm packets.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL SHIVERS
text: This place is filled with ghosts.
scene_heading: INT. ERV COCKPIT. DAY
text: Phil, in the pilot's seat of the ERV, pushes a computer's
text: power button. The screen flickers weakly to life, startling
text: him a bit, but all he sees on it are white streaks, crazy
dialog: static.
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: ERV appears structurally intact.
dialog: Computers are fried, just as we
dialog: thought.
scene_heading: EXT. OXYGEN STILL. DAY
text: Terri has cleared more gauges, valves. She sits back on her
text: heels, studying the tangle of pipes.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Copy that. I've got busted filters
text: here, clogged intakes. Helluva cleanup
text: job, but so far no major damage.
scene_heading: INT. GREENHOUSE. DAY
text: AN INNER AIRLOCK DOOR WHOOSHES OPEN, AND MCCONNELL ENTERS.
scene_heading: THEN STOPS, ASTONISHED. HIS POV
text: On a fantastic, almost jungle-like atmosphere. The plants
dialog: have been allowed -- encouraged? -- to grow wildly. Some are
text: even pushing against the inflated roof. Water condenses on
text: the leaves and the roof, then is captured and routed through
text: pipes of every shape and size, dripping into a clever
text: assortment of collection jars. Liquid water.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Reaches into a bucket, touches the water. His glove comes up
text: before his wondering eyes, dripping. Grasping the implication,
text: he looks down at his forearm instrument pad.
text: Blinking red letters read "25 deg. C." And something else --
text: the puffy white material of his suit is starting to slightly
text: deflate, revealing his arm's shape. There's air pressure in
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Punches in more numbers, and gets the readout:
dialog: "Nitr. 78%/ 02 20%/ C02 1%/ Trace gasses 1%."
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Slowly reaches up, unsealing the neck ring of his helmet. He
text: hesitates, then lifts it off. Takes a deep, quenching lungful
text: of pure air. Holds it in. Lets it slowly out. For a moment
text: he doesn't trust his own voice. Then speaks softly towards
text: his helmet.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I'm in the greenhouse. You better...
dialog: you better come see this for
dialog: yourselves.
scene_heading: INT. ERV. DAY
text: Phil, still sitting at the cockpit controls, turns. Through
text: a side viewport he can just make out the greenhouse.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What is it?
text: There's no answer. He rises.
scene_heading: EXT. OXYGEN STILL. DAY
text: Terri rises, concerned, and turns. Through the distant,
text: translucent wall of the greenhouse, McConnell's shadowy figure
text: can be seen, moving slowly.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Jim...?
scene_heading: INT. GREENHOUSE. DAY
text: McConnell sets down his helmet, starts exploring, pushing
text: through fronds as he makes his way down an aisle. The dripping
text: foliage is so dense it almost chokes his path. Everywhere he
text: looks, he has the sense of a scrounged-together, recycled,
text: jury-rigged environment, where a great deal of ingenuity has
text: come into play. He pauses, looking up...
text: Overhead, a bellows, stitched together from pieces of plastic
text: tarp, slowly inhales and exhales, pumping air into a vent in
text: the upper deck of the Hab. Its power comes from a crude water
text: wheel, a buckets-and-strut assemblage, tidily sutured with
text: duct tape, like some giant Erector set.
text: As McConnell turns away from this, still marvelling, a ragged
text: figure leaps through the foliage! It smashes into him, with
text: a HARSH SCREECH, knocking him to the ground.
text: McConnell, on his back, straddled by his attacker, fights
text: back as best he can. A blur of flailing arms and fists, as
text: he tries to push the creature away. Staring up, he catches a
text: glimpse of the almost unrecognizable
speaker_heading: LUKE GRAHAM
text: Whose frightened eyes glare back at him through a swaying
text: curtain of dreadlocks. His skin is creased, weathered, above
text: a scraggly beard. His clothes are tattered, patched together.
text: In one fist he grips a rock hammer, which he swings high
text: overhead, about to drive the claw through McConnell's skull.
text: McConnell grabs his arm desperately, trying to fend him off.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Luke, it's me! Jim McConnell!
text: We see a flash of uncertainty in Luke's eyes. Then he yanks
text: his arm free, and his hammer arcs up even higher, trembles
text: in the air.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You're not here!
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Luke, it's Jim!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, no, you're not... you can't be
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Your wife is Debra! Your son is Bobby!
dialog: You were reading Treasure Island
dialog: with him...!
text: As he stares down at McConnell, Luke's eyes finally light up
text: with recognition. but before he can move, he is seized from
text: behind and flung backwards to the ground, the hammer ripped
text: from his grasp, as Terri and Phil pinion his arms. McConnell
text: scrambles to his feet.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Don't hurt him!
text: McConnell kneels beside Luke, signalling to Terri and Phil
text: that it's okay to let him go. They stand back, pulling off
text: their helmets. Everyone is panting, out of breath.
text: Luke sits up, slowly studying their features, one after
text: another, as if still not quite certain whether they might
text: vanish. His voice is hoarse, rusty from disuse.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Phil... Terri...
text: Luke looks with incomprehension at McConnell.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Jim... I don't understand. You're
dialog: not supposed to be here... Why are
dialog: you here? Where's Woody?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: He didn't make it Luke.
text: Luke stares at McConnell, trying to absorb everything. He
text: looks to Terri, who looks down.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh no.
text: Luke shakes his head in dismay. He seems to shrink in on
text: himself. It's all too much for him to take in. McConnell
text: kneels and puts his arm around Luke, comforting him.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. ELSEWHERE IN THE GREENHOUSE. DAY (MINUTES LATER)
text: Luke sits on the side of his cot, in the little tented
text: sleeping area he's created in one corner of the greenhouse.
text: Nearby, his hotplate, pots, and some freshly harvested
text: vegetables and greens. The others crouch around him.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Luke, what happened here?
text: A flash of fear in Luke's eyes.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: We fired the radar. It came. They
dialog: all died.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: What came?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: They all died, but I was spared.
dialog: Why? Had to be for a reason. Then,
dialog: all of a sudden, I knew why I was
dialog: spared.
text: His voice drops to a conspiratorial whisper.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: So somebody would be left to figure
dialog: out the secret.
text: He taps his forehead, significantly, then nods once or twice.
text: The others exchange an uneasy glance.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Luke, we still don't understand.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Come. Comecomecome.
text: He rises quickly and scuttles off, waving an impatient hand,
text: without waiting to see if they'll follow. McConnell, Terri
text: and Phil stare after him for a long moment. Phil breaks the
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Is it just me? Or is he about two
dialog: mealpacks short of a picnic?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Long term exposure to low gravity
dialog: can have an adverse impact on the
text: brain. He could be suffering from a
dialog: form of asphyxia.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Or maybe his whole crew died and
text: he's been marooned alone on Mars.
dialog: Let's give him time to adjust.
text: McConnell and Terri follow in the direction Luke went. Phil,
text: trailing, mutters to himself.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Greatgreatgreat.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS ONE BASE CAMP. DAY
text: Luke, now in a patched-up pressure suit and grubby-looking
text: helmet, stands peering down unhappily at the improvised
text: sledge, with its meager supplies. McConnell, Terri, and Phil
text: walk up behind him, wearing their helmets again. They hear
text: Luke over his RADIO.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: So... let me be sure I understand
dialog: this. Your ship blew up, with all
dialog: its supplies. Then you emptied the
dialog: cargo out of the REMO, and it was
dialog: totalled on landing. You've got no
dialog: food, no water, no spare oxygen,
dialog: nothing but what I see here...?
text: McConnell and the others are silent, embarrassed. Then
text: McConnell nods. Luke looks at him, a cracked grin.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What kinda rescue mission is this?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: That kind.
text: He points to the computer repair case, as Phil lifts it off
text: a sledge. Luke turns, looks at the case, then Phil.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Check it out. New nav boards for the
dialog: ERV. I got four round-trip tickets,
dialog: baby, right in here.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Four.
text: In some mysterious way, this reminder of Woody's death seems
text: to bring him fully back into himself. He takes Terri by the
text: shoulders, deeply saddened. She meets his gaze.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Terri... I'm so sorry. He was a good
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Thanks, Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: When there's time, we'll talk.
text: She nods, grateful. A beat. He looks at the others.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This way.
text: He starts off across the sand, and they follow.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVE SITE. DAY
text: They stand looking down at the three long mounds of dirt, as
text: Luke completes his account of the disaster.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...When I came to and dug myself out
text: of the sand, my faceplate was cracked.
dialog: Leaking badly. I barely made it back
dialog: to Base. It was weeks before I could
dialog: work up the nerve to go back out
dialog: there and look for their...
text: He has to pause, collect himself.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Renee was the only one I could find.
dialog: But it didn't seem right, somehow,
dialog: to dig just one grave.
text: There is an emotional silence. Luke turns, takes a few steps.
text: He stares into the distance, observing the swirling dust
text: around them. McConnell hesitates, notices Luke's gaze.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Has it been blowing like this for a
dialog: while?
dialog: (Luke nods)
dialog: We saw a big storm from space. But
dialog: Micker said it was turning south.
text: Luke looks off into the distance, studies something only he
text: seems to see.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: If it holds course.
text: McConnell pulls his gaze away from the horizon, looks at
dialog: Luke.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: This -- whatever it was -- this force.
dialog: You say it came directly out of the
dialog: top of the mountain?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You don't believe me. That's okay.
dialog: But I'm not crazy, Jim.
text: McConnell isn't quite sure how to reply to this.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: What did you mean by its "secret?"
dialog: What secret?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You better see for yourselves.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. MARS ONE HAB. DAY
text: McConnell, Terri, and Phil follow Luke into the Science Lab
text: area of the Hab, then stop in their tracks. Their helmets
text: are off. It's very cold in here; their breath is frosty.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV --
text: The Lab is crammed with rock and sand samples from many
text: locations, all tagged and labelled. There are drawings and
text: diagrams covering the walls: Martian landscapes, annotated
text: maps, and over and over, obsessively repeated, drawings of
text: the vortex that destroyed the Mars One crew.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: See, where they made their mistake
dialog: was, they must've planned for it to
dialog: be visible from Earth...
text: The others turn, looking at him. Luke is aiming an electric
text: space heater at his computer. As the coils glow red, he rubs
text: his hands together, poised over the keyboard.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Who's "they"?
text: Luke reacts to their blank stares. He has a kind of jittery
text: feverish intensity, a secret excitement.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don't you understand? Hundreds of
dialog: millions of years have gone by. You've
dialog: got erosion, sand storms, lava flows,
dialog: meteor impacts -- hell, in that much
dialog: time, the whole surface would've
dialog: changed. So no wonder we never saw
dialog: it before. Well, I mean, we saw it,
dialog: but not like they meant us too. Too
dialog: much dirt on it.
text: The others exchange worried glances. Is he totally nuts?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Saw what?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This.
text: On the computer screen they're looking at...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE MONITOR
text: Pictures of the Face after the disaster, seen from ground-
text: level, in telephoto views. Rising out of a ring of rock and
text: dirt rubble is the shiny-white profile of a gigantic face.
text: The white is smooth, impenetrable. It has the scale of a
text: mountain, but the planes and angles are clearly unnatural.
scene_heading: MCCONNELL, PHIL AND TERRI (INT. MARS ONE HAB.)
text: They are stunned. Can hardly believe their eyes.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: What is that...?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don't know. But whatever it is,
dialog: somebody built it. And not us.
text: A few moments of silence while they try to absorb this.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: What about the sound? That signal
dialog: you heard before the explosion?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Good, Jim, good. That's the key.
text: A click of the mouse and they all HEAR, over speakers, the
text: DEEP PULSING BASS TONE.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hear the pauses? That's what made me
text: realize it's a pattern -- a repeating
dialog: pattern.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Mathematical?
text: Luke is trembling with excitement. His words tumble out very
text: quickly. He's been waiting so long to share this.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That's what I thought. There are
text: distinct blocks in the pattern, and
text: within each block the tones come in
text: groups of three. Threethreethree.
dialog: For months I struggled to analyze
dialog: it, trying different constructs...
dialog: Then I thought about dimensions.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: X-Y-Z coordinates...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Right! Three groups equals three
dialog: dimensions... So I tried assigning
dialog: different graphic values to each
dialog: block, group and tone. And finally I
dialog: got... this.
text: He types another command. They all look at the monitor, the
text: glow reflecting on their faces. They are amazed again.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE MONITOR
text: Where we see the beautiful interlocking chain, the universally
text: familiar double helix, of a DNA molecule -- the elegant
dialog: blueprint of life.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE (INT. MARS ONE HAB.)
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: My God... Is that what I think it
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: DNA... that's a model of DNA!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You see it, too. Thank God. I was
dialog: afraid I was just suffering from a
dialog: form of asphyxia.
text: She glances at him, surprised that he overheard her earlier
text: diagnosis. But he smiles, not offended.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: So, okay, so -- somebody left this
dialog: thing here, somebody -- other than
dialog: human. But what the hell is it?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: My guess is, it's a signature. A
dialog: self-portrait of whatever species
dialog: created the Face.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: But that DNA looks human.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: No way. It's missing the last pair
dialog: of chromosomes. See?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Yeah, but it's close. Damn close.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: The difference between a man and an
dialog: ape is less than three percent of
dialog: genetic material. But that three
dialog: percent gives you Mozart. Einstein.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Or Jack the Ripper.
text: They look at him. Then all four turn, stare again at the
text: slowly rotating DNA, pondering its awesome mystery.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: When he finally speaks, never takes his eyes off the screen.
dialog: We can read in them the almost overwhelming grip this mystery
text: has on his imagination.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: It's been a long day. Let's get a
dialog: couple hours sleep, then tackle this
dialog: thing when we're fresher. Phil, your
dialog: first priority will be to get the
text: motherboards over to the ERV.
dialog: Concentrate on getting communications
dialog: up first.
dialog: (Phil nods)
dialog: Soon as we've got the juice, we'll
dialog: send a packet to Micker, tell them
dialog: Luke's OK, and that... everything
dialog: else that's happened. The rest of us
dialog: will take an inventory of supplies,
dialog: see where we stand. Okay?
text: The others nod in weary agreement. As they start out, towards
text: the relative warmth of the greenhouse, Terri looks at Luke,
text: at his scraggly beard and his long, lank hair. She smiles,
text: brushing some locks off his forehead.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: C'mon. There's a pair of scissors in
dialog: my medkit.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. MARS ONE HAB. ANOTHER SECTION. NEXT MORNING
dialog: As in the Science Area, this space has enough thin oxygen
text: for the astronauts to remain unhelmeted. McConnell and Luke
dialog: are still going through what few supplies were salvaged from
speaker_heading: the REMO.
text: Luke pauses, rubbing the unfamiliar smoothness of his cheek.
text: His beard is gone, his hair neatly trimmed. McConnell enjoys
text: Luke's own wonder at his transformation.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: How do you feel?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Like I just got back my other three
dialog: percent.
text: McConnell smiles. Terri enters through the hatch, removing
text: her helmet.
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: The backup generator is salvageable,
dialog: and two of the solar panels. I'm
dialog: pretty sure I can get the oxygen
dialog: still back into production, too. So
dialog: we're not in such bad shape,
dialog: considering.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Good work, Terri.
text: McConnell, rummaging through Phil's backpack, drops an already-
text: opened bag of M&amp;Ms. The CANDIES scatter and bounce all over
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Look at that. Phil's idea of absolute
dialog: essentials.
text: Luke and Terri smile. McConnell scoops up the fallen M&amp;Ms.
text: He slows down as he does it, looking at the scatter of little
text: round CANDIES. Something tugging at the back of his mind...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. MARS RECOVERY. EVA AIRLOCK. DAY
text: Phil's intricately designed M&amp;M model of his "ideal woman",
text: floating weightlessly, as McConnell drifts past it, plucking
text: away a couple pieces of the candy. Phil reacting, in good-
text: natured annoyance. The gap in the design left by McConnell's
dialog: theft...
scene_heading: INT. MARS ONE HAB. ANOTHER SECTION. DAY
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MCCONNELL
text: As he trembles with excitement. With sudden comprehension.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: It's not a signature.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: That noise from the Face... It's not
dialog: a signature. It's a test.
text: Luke and Terri stare at him.
scene_heading: INT. MARS ONE HAB. MOMENTS LATER
text: McConnell sits in front of the computer back in the science
text: lab area, staring once again at the mysterious DNA model.
text: Luke and Terri stand behind him. McConnell's energy, his new
text: certainty, is almost electrifying.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: It's asking us for the right answer.
dialog: It wants us to put in the missing
text: pair of chromosomes.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But why?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: To prove that we're human.
text: Terri and Luke look at each other, starting to understand.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We fired radar into that thing.
text: Concentrated sound waves...
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Which it interpreted as a wrong
dialog: answer... Yes! It's like a, a security
dialog: alarm. When it gets an incorrect
text: response, it defends itself.
scene_heading: INT. ERV COCKPIT. DAY
text: Phil is listening in on radio. He's got panels open, wires
text: dangling, as he works his ongoing repair. He keys his mike,
text: uneasily.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: So what happens when it gets the
dialog: right answer?
scene_heading: INT. MARS ONE HAB. DAY
text: As McConnell looks at Luke and Terri.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I don't know. But we've got to find
dialog: out.
dialog: (to Luke, pointing)
dialog: Can you work this the other way?
dialog: Figure out which tones would be
dialog: equivalent to the missing chromosomes?
dialog: Then dub them into your recording of
dialog: the signal?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I think so, yes.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: What about the radar gun? Will it
dialog: accept that input? Can we transmit a
dialog: completed signal back to the Face?
text: Luke stares at him, startled by what he's implying.
scene_heading: INT. ERV COCKPIT. DAY
text: Phil is also growing increasingly nervous.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Whoa, whoa, hold on, Jim. What if
dialog: you're wrong? Whoever goes out
dialog: there... I mean, what if you're wrong?
dialog: Three people have already died over
dialog: that thing.
scene_heading: INT. MARS ONE HAB. DAY
text: As Luke and Terri look tensely at McConnell.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Four.
text: McConnell looks at her.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Terri, if we leave here without
dialog: getting some answers, they all died
dialog: in vain.
text: Terri shakes her head.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: We just don't know enough about that --
dialog: that thing out there to take any
dialog: more chances.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: What are we here for, if not to take
dialog: chances...?
text: His passion startles them; they've never seen him so
text: emotional. He points at the computer screen.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: This means we're not alone. It means
dialog: we're on the brink of the greatest
dialog: discovery in mankind's history. But
dialog: we've still got to prove it. Who
dialog: knows when someone else will get
dialog: back here? Or if they ever will? You
dialog: know what Congress is like. They'll
dialog: say it's too dangerous, too much
dialog: loss of life, let's go back to
dialog: unmanned flights. We could be the
dialog: last explorers to come here for
dialog: decades. We're it, guys.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We're it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: We don't have to go out there. There's
dialog: a better way.
text: They look at him, surprised.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. DAY
text: The familiar, plucky little figure of ARES-8 wheels across
text: ocher sand, with the radar gun jury-rigged onto its back.
text: Ares' video snout WHIRRS out, extending. The familiar bass
text: rumble of the Face is very loud from here.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Checking video feed...
scene_heading: INT. MARS ONE HAB. LATE DAY
text: McConnell, Terri, and Phil have gathered around Luke as he
text: pushes buttons, and a monitor CRACKLES to life. White streaks,
text: then a blurry image, which he tries to enhance. Finally the
text: image starts to sharpen.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: There!
speaker_heading: ON THE MONITOR
text: They see the familiar stark white profile of the FACE, shot
text: from ground level, in a SLOWLY APPROACHING ANGLE...
scene_heading: THE FOUR ASTRONAUTS
text: Stare at the ominous sight. They're all more nervous than
text: they want to show. Luke's fingers delicately work a joystick
text: as he maneuvers the remote surveyor.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: How close do we need to get?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm not sure. Maybe we better stop
dialog: by that boulder.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. LATE DAY
text: Ares-8 whines to a stop by a large boulder, which partially
text: shields it from the Face, looming beyond. The radar gun
text: swivels, locating its target. Then stops, ready to fire.
scene_heading: INT. MARS ONE HAB. LATE DAY
text: Luke looks at Terri, Phil, and McConnell. Phil shuts the lid
text: of the box holding the new nav boards, snaps it protectively
text: down. He nods. Terri takes a deep breath, then she nods.
text: Luke's hand hovers over the red firing button; a moment of
text: awesome uncertainty and danger. He looks at McConnell, who
text: finally gives a nod of command. Then Luke hits the button.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. LATE DAY
text: From the radar gun on Ares-8's back, a sharp, high-pitched
text: electronic burst is emitted, pulsating like a tuning fork as
text: it's fired towards the Face. After a few seconds it stops.
text: For a moment nothing happens.
text: Then the deep bass rumbling stops as well. The only remaining
text: sound is of WIND, stirring up dust on the Martian plains.
text: ANGLE ON THE FACE
text: As suddenly a huge, curved segment of the white surface begins
text: to rise from the earth, like a gigantic hangar door, sliding
text: out of sight into an upper sheath of some kind. The movement
text: is measured, stately, utterly silent. As the segment rises,
text: it reveals a blinding white light: the interior of the Face.
text: No inside details can be seen.
scene_heading: INT. MARS ONE HAB. DAY
text: McConnell, Luke, Terri and Phil stare at this phenomenon,
text: awed. They're barely breathing.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Oh my God...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It worked... It worked!
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Check for radiation.
text: Luke punches buttons, waits anxiously for a readout.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Normal. Seismic... normal. Anemometer
text: steady. No sign of the vortex.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I don't know what we did, but guys --
dialog: does that look to you like a hostile
dialog: gesture?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: No. More like an invitation.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Or another test...
text: McConnell is staring at the mysterious opening. On his face,
text: a growing look of determination.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Luke, the four-man rover. Does it
dialog: still work?
text: The others look at him, their expressions changing as they
text: realize what he's implying.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS ONE BASE CAMP. LATE DAY
text: McConnell, once again helmeted, emerges from the Hab airlock.
text: Luke, Terri and Phil are coming out behind him. The wind has
text: picked up, and fine dust is blowing. They stop, staring off
dialog: in astonishment towards
text: A FRIGHTENING SIGHT
text: The entire sky has darkened from its customary salmon into
text: purplish-black at the horizon, with bloody streaks above.
text: The DUST STORM has turned their way; it's now sixty kilometers
text: away and closing. The main body of it reaches two thousand
text: meters above the surface and stretches out along a thousand-
text: kilometer front.
speaker_heading: THE ASTRONAUTS
text: Stare at this unholy juggernaut, alarmed. McConnell turns to
text: Luke, whose expression is grim.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: How long before it hits?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: An hour? Maybe less.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: How bad?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: A storm like that? It could go
dialog: planetary. And last a year.
text: McConnell stares at him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It'll sock us in, Jim. We won't be
dialog: able to take off. If that happens,
dialog: with what few supplies we've got
dialog: left...? We'll starve to death.
text: McConnell turns, staring off towards the killer storm. The
text: others look at him with questioning gazes. He turns again.
text: There's the four-man rover, ready to go. Waiting.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Phil, how much longer to prep the
speaker_heading: ERV?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Maybe forty-five minutes. It'll be
dialog: tight, but we can make it.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Then there's still time for us to
dialog: get out there and back.
text: He looks a question at Luke and Terri, one after the other.
text: Their eyes, tense but excited, signal agreement.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Stay here. Continue the repair. If
dialog: something goes wrong, you get out of
dialog: here before that storm hits.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Go back... alone?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: If we're not back in forty-five
dialog: minutes, I want you to prep and
dialog: launch.
text: (looks at his armpad
dialog: display)
dialog: That's 1950 hours.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Jim --
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: It's not a suggestion, it's an order.
dialog: You understand?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: I understand. But --
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: You understand what?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: If you're not back by 1950, I prep
dialog: and launch.
text: McConnell nods, satisfied. Looks at Terri and Luke.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Let's go.
text: They start towards the four-man rover. Dust is swirling more
text: thickly through the air, and the WIND IS LOUDER NOW. Phil
text: stands watching them go, a lone, rather forlorn figure.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. DUSK
text: In a WIDE SHOT, we see the rover approaching the Face, across
text: the plains. The sky beyond the Face is almost black, as the
text: storm approaches from that direction. It's marching
text: relentlessly across the planet, with flashes of lightning
text: now rippling up and down its face, and even small tornadoes
text: spinning off near its purple-black base...
scene_heading: INT. ERV COCKPIT. DUSK
text: Phil has panels off. He's reaching into the guts of the main
text: computer, working feverishly. His repair kit is beside him.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. DUSK
text: In a HIGH SHOT, we look down across the side of the Face and
text: its vast, open doorway, out of which the bright white light
text: is streaming. Into this corridor of light, we see the rover
text: arrive, slewing to a stop, throwing sand from its wheels.
scene_heading: GROUND LEVEL SHOT
text: Looking at the cavernous vertical gap in the side of the
text: Face. The opening towers to a dizzying height above us; the
text: white light strains our eyes. The three astronauts ENTER
text: FRAME as we see them, from behind, staring up.
text: ON THE ASTRONAUTS' AWED FACES
text: As they are stunned by the immensity of the scene, the cosmic
text: mystery before them. Luke and Terri look at McConnell. Another
text: moment of critical decision. He keys his mike.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Phil, do you read me?
scene_heading: INT. ERV COCKPIT. DUSK
text: Phil keys his own mike.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Yeah, Jim. Your signal's breaking up
dialog: a little in the storm, but I read
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FACE. DUSK
text: McConnell stares into the bright opening. Bathed in its light.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: We're at the Face. We're gonna need
dialog: a few minutes here. Same deadline,
dialog: launch at 1950. With or without us.
dialog: Do you copy?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Copy that.
text: Terri and Luke exchange a tense glance.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Jim, are you sure you want to do
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I'm not sure of anything anymore.
dialog: But I didn't come a hundred million
dialog: miles just to turn back in the last
text: ten feet.
text: Luke smiles. The three of them stare into the portal.
text: McConnell, between the others, reaches out and grips each of
text: them by a gloved hand. They take a sort of collective breath.
text: Then they walk forward together, into the light.
scene_heading: INT. THE FACE. DUSK
text: The astronauts continue forward, each of them extending a
dialog: free hand.
text: The light is too dazzling for them to gauge distances,
text: textures, colors -- anything at all. They can't see walls,
text: ceiling, even a floor.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Surface seems firm and level.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Roger that. Texture is smooth.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I've got good footing and no
dialog: obstructions. Let's check our --
text: Behind them, there is an abrupt WHOOOSH, like a giant airlock
text: sealing shut. They turn, startled and nervous. Letting go of
text: each other's hands, Luke and Terri run back the way they
text: came, but almost immediately are stopped by a wall of some
text: sort. The vast hangar-type door has closed behind them.
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: It's solid again! We're trapped.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Don't move! Keep this orientation.
text: The three scared, helmeted faces seem to float in the
text: brightness, some twenty feet apart.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (keys his mike)
dialog: Phil? Phil, can you still hear me?
scene_heading: INT. ERV COCKPIT. DUSK
text: Phil, saying a silent prayer, reaches over and turns on the
text: main computer. It works! He's immensely relieved.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Computers are online! Ready to load
dialog: software. But guys -- we're losing
dialog: visibility here.
text: He glances out the cockpit window at the blowing dust. Then
text: realizes that he's hearing only silence over his radio.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Guys...? Jim? Luke? Terri? Is anyone
dialog: there...?
text: No answer. Phil stares at his radio in dread.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Don't leave me.
scene_heading: INT. FACE. DUSK
text: McConnell is staring at his spacesuit's sleeve. He can see
text: that the suit material is starting to deflate, revealing the
text: shape of his arm, just as it did in Luke's greenhouse. He
text: hesitates, then begins to unscrew the sealing ring on his
dialog: right glove.
text: Terri and Luke see this.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Jim, what're you doing? You'll
dialog: depressurize!
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I don't think so.
text: McConnell makes the final twist on his glove and there's the
text: hiss of rushing air.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Jim, seal it!
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: No. That was air going into my suit,
dialog: not out. Look at your own suits --
dialog: they're not rigid anymore. We've got
dialog: pressure in here.
text: Luke looks at his sleeve. McConnell's right.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Above Mars atmospheric? That's
dialog: impossible.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: We're millions of miles from Earth
text: and we're inside a gigantic white
dialog: face. What's impossible?
text: Terri types on her arm keypad. She's amazed.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: There's six psi in here...
dialog: (taps more keys)
dialog: Nitrogen and oxygen.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Otherwise known as air?
text: Terri nods. McConnell starts unscrewing his helmet ring.
text: Luke follows suit.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Hey, there may be some lethal trace
dialog: gasses I haven't picked up yet, or...
dialog: or... oh, the hell with it.
text: Terri starts taking off her helmet. In a few moments, all
text: three helmets are off. They hold them, glowing softly, against
text: their chests, as they breathe deeply and gratefully. Air.
text: And then, at this very moment, as if they have just passed
dialog: another kind of test...
scene_heading: HIGH, STRIATED WALL
text: Appears through the glare, soaring up before their startled
text: eyes. White, metallic, composed of complexly-linked bands,
text: plates, ramps. It's part of a STRUCTURE whose overall height
dialog: and breadth keep us from understanding its purpose. But the
text: hatch opening slowly in its side, at the top of an approach
text: ramp, is unmistakable. Radiant white light streams out from
text: within, forming a glowing tunnel, down towards the astronauts.
scene_heading: THE ASTRONAUTS BLINK
text: Raising their gloves against the dazzling glow. At the end
text: of this tunnel of light, inside the hatch frame
scene_heading: A SHAPE MATERIALIZES
text: And slowly resolves itself into a glowing humanoid form,
text: which we somehow sense is female. She appears benign,
text: wondrous. This glowing MARTIAN -- a holograph -- regards the
text: astronauts for a few moments, then beckons to them, as if to
text: say "Enter." All her motions are both calm and calming --
text: precise, unhurried, gracious.
scene_heading: MCCONNELL, LUKE AND TERRI
text: Look at each other. They're awed into silence, and still
text: tense, but now more out of excitement and anticipation than
text: fear. Their eyes agree: Let's go.
text: They walk forward slowly, carrying their helmets, up the
text: ramp and into the tunnel of light, following the Martian,
text: who retreats before them. They go through the hatch and
text: disappear inside.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIAN STRUCTURE. DUSK
text: Following the Martian, they find themselves in a round, open
text: space, defined by light, with a smooth matte-metallic floor,
text: but without apparent walls.
text: The Martian stops, turns, facing them. The astronauts stop,
dialog: too, uncertain what they're meant to do. Then the Martian
dialog: gestures again.
text: A cylindrical holographic column appears, rising from the
text: floor in front of the astronauts. Inside it, a swirl of eerie
text: lights, millions of them, like cosmic fireflies...
scene_heading: MCCONNELL, LUKE, AND TERRI
text: Set down their helmets, then cautiously converge around this
text: column, forming a loose triangle. As they stare into it, the
text: myriad lights are reflected off their own eyes and their
text: spacesuits.
scene_heading: IN THE HOLOGRAPHIC COLUMN
text: The whirling lights resolve into images, which relate to
dialog: them the story of ancient Mars:
speaker_heading: A BLUE PLANET
dialog: we do not recognize. All is peaceful, beautiful.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Is that what I think it is?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah. It's Mars.
scene_heading: SUDDENLY A HUGE ASTEROID
text: Tumbles through space towards the planet...
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Oh my God.
scene_heading: ON THE PLANET - CLOSER VIEW
text: As thousands of small rocketships lift away from the surface,
text: heading in a stream out of the solar system...
scene_heading: THE ASTEROID IMPACTS
text: And a wall of fire and debris scours the planet. Oceans boil
text: and vaporize. Two gigantic hunks are blasted out of the
text: planet, spinning in flames...
scene_heading: MCCONNELL, LUKE, AND TERRI
text: Involuntarily flinch, bathed in the fiery images...
text: THE PLANET IS NOW DEAD
text: As dust storms roil across its cold, lifeless surface. The
text: flaming hunks of molten rock cool into twin moons.
speaker_heading: THE ASTRONAUTS
text: Stare at this devastation, deeply moved.
speaker_heading: IN DEEP SPACE
text: The stream of Martian ships grows smaller and smaller as it
text: continues on its epic voyage towards a new solar system.
dialog: Then we zero in on
scene_heading: ONE PARTICULAR ROCKETSHIP
text: As it peels off and goes in another direction. Graphics show
text: a model of what the ship contains: the familiar double helix
text: of DNA. The ship heads towards another blue planet in our
dialog: solar system...
speaker_heading: EARTH
text: As it was then. More clouds than now, more ocean, and the
text: landforms all wedged together.
speaker_heading: TERRI
text: Her voice is soft.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Earth, when it was still Pangaea.
dialog: Before the continents separated.
scene_heading: THE LONE MARTIAN SHIP
text: Makes a fiery streak through Earth's atmosphere and plunges
text: into the ocean.
text: Instantly the image of the DNA double helix grows, filling
text: the entire holographic column, then it begins to spin and
text: pulse, disintegrating into a phantasmagoric whirl of new
dialog: images...
scene_heading: MCCONNELL, LUKE, AND TERRI
text: Cry out, stunned by the strobelike power of the display as
speaker_heading: LIVING FORMS
text: Flash into the holographic column, swimming, growing,
text: crawling, leaping, flying: one-celled microscopic organisms,
text: plankton, plants of all kinds, insects, then fish, dinosaurs,
text: birds, small mammals, larger mammals -- the entire stunning
text: panorama of evolution, distilled into a single explosive
text: sequence, as the images wash over the dazzled, awestruck
scene_heading: FACES OF THE ASTRONAUTS
text: Until finally the images whirl away, the holographic column
text: dissolves, leaving only a circle of glowing, concentric,
text: colored rings on the floor. The astronauts are left staring
text: at each other across the open space where the column had
dialog: been.
speaker_heading: THE MARTIAN
text: Now comes forward with outstretched arms and completes their
text: circle, taking the fourth position. McConnell is opposite
text: her glowing form, and Terri and Luke are at either side. The
text: Martian reaches her arms out, inviting them to link hands.
text: As they do so, the Martian seems to be staring directly into
text: McConnell's eyes.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Is in wondrous awe, his whole face radiant with joy. It's
dialog: the first time we've ever seen him utterly without sadness
text: or reserve. Staring at the Martian, he understands.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: They're us. We're them...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We're Martians...?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: That's what she means.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Oh my God. The Cambrian explosion.
text: McConnell and Luke look at her.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Almost six hundred million years
dialog: ago, there was a sudden expansion of
text: life on Earth. The first multi-celled
dialog: plants and animals appeared. No one
dialog: has ever understood why...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: They seeded Earth.
text: We hear a BELL-LIKE TONE, a single lingering high note, and
text: simultaneously the outermost ring of the circle on the floor
text: begins to glow brightly. It is an intense chromium yellow.
speaker_heading: THE ASTRONAUTS
text: Step back, startled, unlinking their hands, and look at the
text: circle of colored rings. These shade from yellow, on the
text: outer rim, to a deeper yellow, then orange, then finally
text: reds. Inside the final, deep red ring is a circle of indigo
text: blue, about a meter across. Small points of light glitter
text: here, like stars against a midnight sky.
speaker_heading: THE MARTIAN
text: Steps closer to McConnell. She has picked him out in
text: particular. Now she beckons for him to move inside the circle
text: of colored rings, to stand on the indigo core.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Looks back at her, nods his understanding. For the first
text: time she seems to smile. Benevolence, reassurance. Then as
text: abruptly as she first appeared, she fades away. Vanishes.
text: Luke and Terri look at McConnell, confused. There is a sudden,
text: static-filled CRACKLE from their helmets, nearby on the floor.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: ...in, please. Can you... me?
text: Terri picks up her helmet, leans into its mike.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Phil, we're here! We read you.
text: Even through the scratchy interference, they can hear the
text: relief in Phil's voice. And then the desperation.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Thank God! Listen, this storm is
dialog: really --
dialog: (loud static)
dialog: -- few more minutes, I can't --
dialog: (more static)
dialog: You've gotta get back to the ship!
text: And then they hear only STATIC. His signal is lost.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Phil? Phil...?
text: Suddenly the BELL-LIKE TONE REPEATS, at a lower register,
text: with a more sustained note, and simultaneously, the last of
text: the yellow circles of light begins to fade, as
text: THE FIRST ORANGE BAND
text: Begins to glow brighter. McConnell turns, looking at this
text: new color, then looks back at Luke and Terri.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: We are in a ship. This is a ship.
text: And the countdown has already started.
text: Terri looks at Luke, alarmed.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He's right.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Then let's get the hell out of here!
text: She scoops up Luke's helmet, tosses it to him. As he catches
text: it, she's already starting back out, in the direction they
text: came from, and Luke follows her. Until they both become aware
text: that McConnell isn't with them. They turn back. He's still
text: rooted to the spot, his gaze locked on the indigo core of
text: the colored rings.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Jim...
text: McConnell doesn't turn.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Jim, we gotta go.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I'm not coming with you.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: What?
text: Coming back, she sees how calm he is. How certain.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: What are you talking about? We've
dialog: got to get home.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: That's where I'm going. Don't you
dialog: see? That's what all this is for.
dialog: (McConnell gestures
dialog: at the ship around
dialog: them)
dialog: You were right Terri. This is an
dialog: invitation. To follow them. To follow
dialog: them home.
text: He looks into their faces. Terri is trying to grasp this
text: idea, still incredulous. Luke has the beginning of a half
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I have to go. This is the mission
dialog: now. To find out who we are. Isn't
dialog: that why we came here? Like Maggie
dialog: said, "To stand on a new world and
dialog: look beyond it to the next one."
text: Luke nods at the memory of Maggie's words. Terri remembers
text: too. McConnell's passionate conviction is affecting them
dialog: both.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: You know, when you think about it --
dialog: I wasn't even supposed to be here --
dialog: all the accidents, everything that
dialog: got us to this point, it's just...
dialog: it's just... I just know it's right.
text: Terri looks at Luke. Luke is smiling. He understands.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: I'm okay. I know what I'm doing. But
dialog: you're running out of time. You've
dialog: gotta get back to the ERV and get
dialog: off this planet. Now please go.
text: Luke steps closer, looking at his old friend.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I once felt like I was taking your
dialog: turn. But now I think maybe you're
dialog: taking mine. Guess I'm a little
dialog: jealous.
text: They clasp hands for a moment. But in this moment is a
text: lifetime of camaraderie, an eternity of farewell.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Thanks for saving my life.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: My pleasure.
text: Luke nods, deeply moved. He turns away, picking up his helmet,
text: as Terri comes closer, looking at McConnell, a long unspoken
text: beat. Her eyes are glistening.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I wish Woody were here to see this.
dialog: He would've wanted to go too, Jim.
text: Terri smiles. She is starting on the road to recovery. She's
dialog: going to be okay.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: He's here, Terri. We wouldn't have
dialog: made it without him.
text: Terri nods. She digs into one of her suit's pockets, pulls
text: something out. She hands it to McConnell, and his fist closes
dialog: around it.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Take care, Jim.
text: McConnell smiles. Terri smiles back at him. Then she turns,
text: picks up her helmet, and crosses to where Luke has paused,
text: looking back.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, Jim...?
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Have a great ride.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
dialog: Always do.
text: Luke and Terri exchange a final silent farewell with him,
text: then hurry away, into the darkness.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Looks down at what Terri gave him.
scene_heading: IT'S WOODY'S NECK CHAIN
text: With the little Flash Gordon rocketship.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Grips this tightly as he looks up.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. THE FACE. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. NIGHT
text: The hanger-like hatch has reopened, and Luke and Terri,
text: helmeted again, emerge from the Face. The leading edge of
text: the dust storm is upon them. They can't see much more than a
dialog: few meters.
text: As they reach the rover, they hear, even in this chaos, that
text: the deep pulsing tone of the Face has started again. They
text: look at each other, uncertain what this means. But McConnell
text: is now beyond their help. Luke keys his mike.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Phil? Phil, do you read?
dialog: (to Terri)
text: He's not reading.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I can barely read you. Let's get the
dialog: hell out of here!
scene_heading: INT. ERV COCKPIT. NIGHT
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Is anyone there? Can anyone read me?
text: Phil gets no response. He is shaking, almost crying. He
text: hesitates, then starts hitting some keys.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HIS COMPUTER DISPLAY
text: Which reads: "PRE-LAUNCH CHECKLIST."
scene_heading: INT. MARTIAN SPACESHIP. NIGHT
text: McConnell has shed his backpack, with its unneeded oxygen
text: tank. He steps cautiously onto the colored rings. Nothing
text: seems to happen. Moving further, he takes his place on the
text: indigo circle at their core. He looks at
scene_heading: THE GLOWING TAKE-OFF COUNTDOWN INDICATOR
text: As it dips from orange into red; the BELL TONES are continuous
text: now, very deep and rapid.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. NIGHT
text: The rover, with Luke and Terri inside, races away towards
text: the safety of the ERV, as the maelstrom boils over the Face
text: behind them. The sky is purplish black, thick with flying
text: debris and eerie lightning flashes. Towering billows of dust
text: chase them over the plain, nearly enveloping them as they
text: speed towards us, passing OUT OF FRAME.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIAN SPACESHIP. NIGHT
text: McConnell reacts, surprised, as suddenly
scene_heading: A TRANSPARENT, GLASS-LIKE CYLINDER
text: Begins to rise around him, swiftly and smoothly, coming up
text: from the circumference of the indigo circle.
text: Then a second, identical cylinder -- the top half -- drops
text: down from somewhere overhead. The two sections meet and fuse
text: in a flash of light, containing McConnell inside them, as
text: neatly as if he were in a giant, transparent mailing tube.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Fights against a stab of claustrophobia. Is he being
dialog: imprisoned? Or somehow protected? Either way, he's virtually
text: immobilized. In this tight space in his bulky suit, he can't
text: even move his arms. Only his head and neck can still shift.
scene_heading: INT. ERV COCKPIT. NIGHT
text: Phil is going over his final pre-launch checklist, flipping
text: switches and pressing buttons. He looks at his
speaker_heading: DIGITAL CLOCK
dialog: Which reads "1350."
scene_heading: PHIL IS STRICKEN, TORMENTED
text: His finger hovers over a "Fire" button. He licks his lips
text: nervously, squeezes his eyes shut, and hits the button.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COMPUTER DISPLAY
text: And the words: "IGNITION SEQUENCE INITIATED"
scene_heading: INT. MARTIAN SPACESHIP. NIGHT
text: McConnell is straining inside the cylinder that surrounds
text: him, when something catches his attention. He arches his
text: neck, looking down.
scene_heading: A COBALT-BLUE TRANSPARENT LIQUID
text: Is beginning to fill the cylinder! It swirls in, from some
text: unknown source, rising rapidly; already his lower boots are
dialog: covered.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL'S EYES
text: Widen in alarm. He strains against the sides of the cylinder
dialog: but
scene_heading: HIS GLOVED HANDS
text: Slide helplessly across the smooth surface.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Looks down again.
speaker_heading: THE COBALT LIQUID
text: Is up to his knees. Now his thighs...
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Cranes his neck, staring up. Can he wedge himself higher,
dialog: can he somehow climb to safety?
speaker_heading: ABOVE HIM
text: The entire "ceiling" of the Face is becoming translucent. He
text: can see the dust storm, boiling overhead. And now, rising
text: into this, are fiery coils of energy from the Face itself.
text: These swirl and twist in every direction, like angry water
text: snakes; battered by the fierce winds. Two vast forces on a
dialog: collision course.
scene_heading: INT. ROVER. NIGHT
text: Luke drives the rover through the blinding storm, as Terri
text: stares at a dashboard computer screen. They have to shout to
text: be heard over the ROARING WIND.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I've lost the Base Camp beacon!
text: Luke looks over alarmed.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON A DIAL
text: As the needle spins freely, giving no direction whatsoever.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: No good! We're driving blind.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'll try to keep on a straight line!
dialog: It's our only chance.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Don't worry! I've worked with Phil
dialog: for four years! I know Jim gave him
dialog: a direct order, but he won't leave
dialog: without us.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. NIGHT
text: The Rover races towards us, the front of the storm chasing
text: it from behind, then completely overtaking the Rover. It
dialog: disappears from view!
scene_heading: INT. ERV COCKPIT. NIGHT
text: Phil sits in the pilot's seat. He is looking at a computer
text: graphic that shows the engines readying to launch. With
text: resignation, he keys his mike.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: This is ERV, do you read? ERV to
dialog: Rover, do you read...?
text: Phil waits a second, then reaches slowly for a blinking red
text: switch that reads "LAUNCH." He hesitates, then actually has
text: his fingers on it, about to flip it, when he hears a crackle
text: of static on the radio. Phil keys his mike.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: This is ERV, do you read?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (very faint)
dialog: Save the fuel, Phil. We're coming
dialog: in.
text: And Phil chokes back a sob. Blinking back the tears, he tries
text: to compose himself, then keys his mike.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Uh, Phil's not here right now. He
dialog: left for Earth five minutes ago.
dialog: Please leave your message at the
dialog: beep.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FACE. NIGHT
text: FROM GROUND LEVEL we see that the coils of energy are rising
text: from the forehead of the Face, from its "third eye," spinning
text: and looping faster and faster, starting to form a vortex.
text: But unlike the wind vortex that killed the Mars One crew,
text: this is a vortex of fire. As we watch, more fiery streaks
text: begin to emerge from the sides of the Face, from the chin,
text: cheeks and temples. These all rush upwards, like lava flowing
text: uphill, gathering in intensity as they leap free of the Face
text: itself and spiral into the atmosphere. The peak of the forming
text: vortex is already piercing the lowest layer of storm clouds,
text: causing a dark counter-swirl.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS ONE BASE CAMP. NIGHT
text: Phil stands at the bottom of the ERV's ladder, gripping it
text: to steady himself, staring into the swirling dust.
text: THE ROVER appears out of the dust and sand, the immense storm
text: seeming to chase it from behind. Luke and Terri climb out,
text: struggle towards him through the wind. Phil grips their hands,
text: helping them over to the ladder. He looks back, confused.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Where's Jim?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: He got another ride.
text: Phil stares at her, bewildered.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Tell you on the way. Let's go!
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIAN SHIP. NIGHT
text: LOOKING DOWN INTO THE CYLINDER, we see that the cobalt-blue
text: fluid has risen to McConnell's upper chest. Now it's at his
text: shoulders! It pours into his suit through his neck ring.
text: He strains on tiptoes, craning his head back, trying to keep
text: his unhelmeted face above the rising liquid.
text: He sucks in deep desperate gulps of air, his head thrashing
text: from side to side. Then suddenly the fluid is over his mouth,
text: his nose, his forehead. His whole body is submerged!
text: The level of fluid continues to rise towards the unseen top
dialog: of the cylinder.
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Squeezes his eyes shut, holding his breath. Not so much
text: fighting this anymore as simply floating in place, waiting
dialog: for his inevitable death...
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. NIGHT
text: WIDEVIEW FROM ABOVE, as the energy vortex bends from side to
text: side, pushing back the swirling storm that surrounds the
text: Face. As the vortex coalesces its energy into a cylindrical
text: shape, we see through its center to a rising form -- the
text: Martian ship. It is a flattened convex circle whose matte-
text: metallic angles replicate the "Face" imagery.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. NIGHT. SIDEVIEW FROM INSIDE THE FACE
text: As the Face burns away around us, the Martian ship begins to
text: rise and spin.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. NIGHT
text: The vortex is now a tight, rapidly spinning cylinder. As it
text: draws more and more power from the disintegrating Face, the
text: Martian ship in its center spins faster and faster.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIAN SHIP. NIGHT
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL'S FACE
text: Is spinning and shaking too, more and more violently, as the
text: huge buildup of G-forces tears at his body. We're reminded
text: of Nick Willis just before the vortex exploded him; is the
dialog: same thing about to happen to McConnell?
text: His eyes remain tightly shut, bubbles are streaming from his
text: lips. His last breath is nearly exhausted, it's being shaken
text: from his lungs.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIAN SPACESHIP. NIGHT
text: As we MOVE IN CLOSER ON HIS FACE, we suddenly see, with him,
text: a SERIES of rapid-fire, almost subliminal IMAGES FROM THE
dialog: PAST. We recognize each one. Previously, though, we saw them
text: as still photos; now they have movement, life, and we view
text: them from new and slightly different angles. These images
text: INTERCUT with glimpses of McConnell's pale, shaking, near-
dialog: death face in the present...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: THE YOUNG MCCONNELL
text: Under the Christmas tree, lifts his new model rocket from
text: its box. He turns to us, smiling joyfully. A blinding white
text: flash, and he disappears...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: THE TEENAGED MAGGIE
text: Is on her porch, under a night sky, bending down to the
text: eyepiece of a TELESCOPE. She looks up at us with a shy, proud
text: smile. A blinding white flash and she's gone...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: MAGGIE AND MCCONNELL
text: In flight suits, holding their helmets, stand on the wing of
text: a fighter jet. The radiant young couple turn to each other,
text: kissing. A blinding white flash and they vanish...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE MCCONNELL
text: In an astronaut's pressure suit, drifts rapidly towards us,
text: reeling in along a tether. A man's gloved hand is
text: outstretched, reaching for her. As she grips the hand, we
text: see her triumphant expression through her faceplate. A
text: blinding flash; she's gone...
scene_heading: MCCONNELL'S FACE - IN THE PRESENT
text: Is shaking savagely; he is very near death. And then, all at
text: once, the SHAKING STOPS.
text: Time itself seems to stop.
text: McConnell opens his eyes, staring STRAIGHT AT US. And then,
text: fully accepting his fate, he throws his head back, opens his
text: mouth and takes in a deep lungful of the fluid. He can breathe
dialog: it.
text: His eyes widen in surprise and understanding. He can breathe
dialog: it! This fluid will keep him alive! His whole body relaxes,
text: the tension draining from his head and shoulders, as he fully
dialog: trusts this launch for the first time. And then, with his
text: eyes wide open, he sees, from memory, one final image...
scene_heading: BRIDAL VEIL IS LIFTED
text: And REVEALS, in CLOSEUP, the beautiful face, the shining
text: eyes of MAGGIE McCONNELL. Beatific, eternal. She gazes
text: directly INTO CAMERA, then smiles...
speaker_heading: MCCONNELL
text: Smiles back.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS OF CYDONIA. NIGHT
text: WIDE VIEW, FROM ABOVE, as the energy vortex changes from red-
text: orange to blue-white. It ROARS with terrifying power as its
text: top starts to bend, angling like a telescope towards a
text: specific point in the stars. Then the Martian ship -- a
text: rounded darker form, little more than a blip within the vast,
text: blue-white column of energy -- shoots away from the surface,
text: leaving only a blacked crater where the Face had been.
scene_heading: EXT. MARS. HIGH ATMOSPHERE. NIGHT
text: ANGLE FROM DEEP SPACE, LOOKING DOWN, as the Martian ship,
text: riding its blue-white column of energy, streaks up into the
text: vast blackness, like a narrowly focused spotlight piercing
text: the night. Down below, we can see the dust storm in all its
text: vastness still boiling orange and brown across the planet's
text: surface, which it now completely covers.
text: As the Martian ship flashes by us, it passes another ship,
text: much smaller and slower, rising through the storm clouds on
text: a different trajectory. We recognize the familiar, comfortable
text: sight of the ERV.
text: PUSHING IN QUICKLY ON THIS.
text: We see three figures in the cockpit.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. ERV COCKPIT. NIGHT
text: Luke, Terri and Phil are strapped in, with their acceleration
text: just starting to level off, when suddenly their cockpit
text: interior is starkly bathed in white light. They wince at the
text: unearthly radiance, shielding their faceplates with gloved
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Dear God. Look at that.
text: Through their cockpit window, they watch the Martian ship
text: hurtle by them at a hundred times their speed.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Is that him?
text: Luke nods. Their eyes are glistening. Luke's voice is a
text: whisper, both of prayer and farewell.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Godspeed Jim McConnell.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: Looking through the cockpit window we see the Martian ship
text: receding into the infinite distance of space -- a long blue-
text: white scratch that in moments begins to fade. Finally it is
text: a tiny point of light, taking its place amongst the limitless
text: expanse of the star-filled heavens.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
