speaker_heading: MS. SLOANE
dialog: Written by
dialog: Jonathan Perera
speaker_heading: United Talent Agency
dialog: Peter Dodd & Carolyn Sivitz
dialog: (310) 273-6700
speaker_heading: Management SGC
dialog: Scott Carr
scene_heading: (323) 839-9675 1/11/2015
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. U.S. CONGRESS - WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: ELIZABETH SLOANE (48) stares at us contemptuously. Articulate,
dialog: quick-witted and direct:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Lobbying is about foresight. About
dialog: anticipating your opponent’s moves
dialog: and devising countermeasures. The
text: winner plots one step ahead of the
text: opposition, and plays her trump card
text: just after they play theirs.
text: She’s actually speaking to her attorney, DANIEL POSNER (40s),
text: who stands, frustrated, as that wasn’t the answer he wanted.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Tell me you’re going to take this
dialog: seriously when you’re in there.
text: He motions to the DOOR. An atmospheric BUZZ of anticipation
text: emanates from behind it. Elizabeth is seated, unruffled.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s about making sure you surprise
dialog: them, and they don’t surprise you.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: You’re gonna say that? Come on,
dialog: again:
dialog: (interrogatory)
dialog: Could you please describe the nature
dialog: of your work?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (petulant)
dialog: Upon the advice of counsel, I must
dialog: respectfully decline to answer your
dialog: question, based on my rights under
dialog: the Fifth Amendment to the United
dialog: States Constitution.
text: Posner claps sarcastically.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Those words - when you're not taking
dialog: the oath or confirming details -
dialog: those words, in that order, are all
dialog: you're gonna say.
dialog: (interrogatory)
dialog: Ms. Sloane, on average, would you say
dialog: you bribed public officials more or
dialog: less than once a month?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Upon the advice of counsel - am I
dialog: allowed to deviate slightly? On the
dialog: advice of counsel? On the advice of
dialog: my attorney? I understand if that
dialog: last one’s too adventurous for you.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: You do not-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: This would be a whole lot easier if I
dialog: could just shout ‘Fifth’.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: No deviations.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Can I use a silly voice?
dialog: (silly voice)
dialog: Upon the advice of counsel...
text: That’s the last straw. Posner deflates, shuts down. A pause.
text: The first time we hear the full extent of the RUCKUS outside
text: the waiting room. Softly:
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: This isn’t a joke. They want you
dialog: behind bars. You make one statement,
dialog: correct one nefarious allegation,
dialog: that’s it. You waive your right to
dialog: the Fifth and you're compelled to
dialog: answer everything. You’re being taken
text: to the woodshed in front of the
dialog: national press, they’re gonna rile
dialog: you so bad they’d make Gandhi wanna
text: cut their tongues out.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Daniel. When I take the stand, you’1l
text: see nothing but a granite wall.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Good.
text: Elizabeth stands up straight, shoulders back. She makes a
text: minor adjustment to her professional business attire. No one
text: but her would’ve noticed the near-imperceptible blemish.
text: Posner glances at his watch.
speaker_heading: POSNER (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re on in five.
dialog: (extends hand)
dialog: Ms. Sloane. Good luck.
text: She does not shake.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're on retainer, Mr. Posner, to
dialog: remove luck from the equation.
text: With a subtle shake of the head, Posner turns and trudges out.
text: The pervasive BUZZ ratchets up the second the door is opened,
text: and mutes once more as it closes.
text: Now alone, Elizabeth EXHALES deeply, a valve abruptly
text: unblocked. As if suddenly weak in the knees, she sits back
text: down. Stares into the middle distance; determination
text: extingiushed from her eyes.
text: She snatches her Fendi handbag and rummages in it. Her hands
text: now tremble, nerves taking hold. She finds what she’s looking
text: for - a small TRINKET BOX.
text: She considers it for a moment, hands still fidgeting. Her eyes
text: snap shut. DEEP BREATHS to calm a racing heart.
text: Breathe. Breathe... Breathe.
text: Definitively, she closes her palm on the box as those
text: determined eyes blink back into existence.
text: Elizabeth steps to the desk and rockets the trinket box into
text: the trash can. She grabs her handbag and strides out, head
text: held high.
scene_heading: EXT. UNITED STATES CAPITOL - DAY
text: A REPORTER gives a live news update.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
text: Elizabeth Sloane is set to take the
dialog: stand for the first time any moment
dialog: now; the controversial lobbyist faces
dialog: charges of bribery and corruption-
scene_heading: INT. CONGRESSIONAL HEARING ROOM - DAY
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SUPER: September 14, 2015
text: The biggest hearing room available to Congress is packed to
text: the rafters. JOURNALISTS jostle for a better position. The
text: public gallery full of important-looking SUITS. TV cameras pan
text: the room. Every square inch taken. The knives are out.
scene_heading: CROSS-FADE NEWS REPORTS:
speaker_heading: ANALYST (V.O.)
dialog: «+. Traditionally a free-market and
dialog: anti-tax advocate, Elizabeth Sloane
dialog: has more recently led a full-frontal
dialog: assault on the Second Amendment,
dialog: going up against the Gun Lobby in
dialog: support of the Heaton-Harris
dialog: Amendment on gun control; a veritable
dialog: David vs. Goliath battle for the
dialog: veteran strategist. Congress is set
dialog: to allege that Ms. Sloane has made a
dialog: career out of subverting American
dialog: democracy...
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: Allegations abound of dirty tricks,
text: from giant inflatable rodents to
dialog: hiring movie extras to...
text: A BARRAGE OF FLASHBULBS greet Elizabeth and Posner as they
text: enter the arena, flanked by FOUR CAPITOL POLICE OFFICERS.
text: The media go into overdrive.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: This is tight. You’d think they’d
dialog: choose a more appropriate venue.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Turns out the Redskins had a home
dialog: game.
text: Elizabeth takes the stand to face SEVEN CONGRESSMEN. Three sit
text: on either side of the man leading the assault:
dialog: Congressman RON M. SPERLING (60s, D-Ohio), Chairman of the
text: House Committee on Ways and Means. A doddery old bumpkin,
text: harmlessly paternal, chummy and relatable. He speaks with the
dialog: solemn authority of someone doing the moral, wholesome bidding
dialog: of the people.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Please raise your right hand. Do you
dialog: solemnly swear that you will tell the
dialog: truth, the whole truth, and nothing
dialog: but the truth, under pains and
dialog: penalties of perjury?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Please sit. Will the witness please
dialog: state her full name for the record?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Madeline Elizabeth Sloane.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: And could the witness please confirm
dialog: these details are accurate, aaahhh...
dialog: (fumbles through notes)
dialog: Date of birth, September 18, 1966,
dialog: current address, 4 Heron Court, Chevy
dialog: Chase Section 5, Montgomery County,
dialog: Maryland?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Correct.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: You won an academic scholarship to
dialog: study Law at Yale University, where
dialog: you graduated Summa Cum Laude?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: And you were employed by Cole,
dialog: Kravitz and Waterman LLP for a ten
dialog: year period between 2004 and 2014,
dialog: before moving earlier this year to-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Eleven year period.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: There are eleven years between 2004
dialog: and 2014.
dialog: 5.
text: That kills his momentum. He refers back to his notes, shakes
dialog: his head. One of his staffers will pay for that. Elizabeth
text: smiles very faintly. A small victory. Posner shakes his head.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: What was the nature of your work at
dialog: Cole, Kravitz and Waterman LLP?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: Upon the advice of counsel, I must
dialog: respectfully decline to answer your
dialog: question, based on my rights under
dialog: the Fifth Amendment to the United
dialog: States Constitution.
text: A MUTED GROAN from the press as their expectations are met.
text: She’s true to her word. A wall of granite.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Did you, November 29th of last year,
dialog: accept as a client the government of
dialog: the African Republic of Kenya, for
dialog: the purpose of campaigning against
dialog: the levy of additional Federal duties
dialog: on the importation of palm oil into
dialog: the United States?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Upon the advice of counsel, I must
dialog: respectfully decline to answer your
dialog: question, based on my rights...
dialog: And so it continues.
scene_heading: INT. COLE, KRAVITZ AND WATERMAN LLP - BATHROOM - DAY - PAST
dialog: 
scene_heading: SUPER: 7 MONTHS PRIOR
text: Elizabeth, swamped and running on fumes, is followed into the
text: toilets by her young protégé, JANE MOLLOY.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Today’s a landmark day, you know why?
dialog: Because I’m free.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Name one thing you can do today that
dialog: you couldn’t’ve done yesterday.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Quit my job.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You could have done that yesterday,
dialog: but it would've been stupid.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: But I can quit today and-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It'll still be stupid. You clear your
dialog: college debt and celebrate by
text: enrolling in post-grad and returning
dialog: to square one?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Academia’s more my scene.
text: Elizabeth enters a stall and latches the door.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You didn’t follow me into the crapper
dialog: to gloat about freedom. Talk to me
dialog: about the Nutella tax.
text: Elizabeth reaches into her handbag for a bottle of water. She
text: takes two pills out of the TRINKET BOX we glimpsed earlier,
text: and_ gulps them down.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: We're really calling it ‘Nutella
dialog: tax’?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Palm oil is a key ingredient in
dialog: Nutella. If the Federal Government
dialog: taxes it at 300%, it’1ll cost more for
dialog: us to gorge ourselves on it.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Isn't palm oil in pretty much
dialog: everything?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We could have called it Soap Tax, but
dialog: the public cares more about Nutella
dialog: than it does soap. Ross did surveys.
speaker_heading: JANE
text: OK, Estevez, Frame and Albert are in
dialog: the bag, Hodges-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: See, that should elicit some kind of
text: reaction, but it just doesn’t.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: -is under pressure. The F&B sector
dialog: are organized. They represent 7% of
dialog: the North Carolina economy and
dialog: accounted for two thirds of job
dialog: growth over the last twelve months.
dialog: They're getting loud and he can’t
dialog: afford to ignore them.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Sounds like critical mass to me.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What are you gonna do?
text: Elizabeth FLUSHES the toilet (she never went) and exits.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s time we made our move on the
text: sallow little gimp who’s sponsoring
dialog: this larceny. Tell the Kenyans
dialog: they're going to host Senator Davis
text: on an all-expenses-paid field trip to
dialog: one of their plantations.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You never washed your hands.
text: Elizabeth shrugs it off and washes.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: He'll take the wife and kids, and
dialog: whatever luxuries the Kenyan
dialog: government confer on him will stay
text: between he and them. He’1l come back
dialog: hailing their conservation efforts
dialog: and his bill will die a quiet death.
text: They exit the ladies’ room into --
scene_heading: INT. COLE, KRAVITZ AND WATERMAN LLP - DAY - PAST
text: -- a stuffy, conservative stalwart of the D.C. legal industry.
dialog: Walk and talk:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That's legitimate? They can ply him
dialog: with champagne and truffles?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And diamonds, gold watches, and
dialog: whatever else. The Congressional gift
dialog: ban doesn’t apply to sovereign
dialog: states.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: So a Congressman can technically get
dialog: rich by sponsoring bills that screw
dialog: foreign governments and wait for them
dialog: to buy him off?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That’s a little too much work for a
dialog: class of people who exempt themselves
dialog: from insider trading laws.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You see? This is why I’m thinking
dialog: about post-grad.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Jane, we go to school because it
dialog: prepares us for the real world. You
dialog: happen to find yourself at the sharp
text: end of the real world at the age of
dialog: twenty-nothing.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I’m not so sure I like the ‘real
dialog: world.’
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: So you're going to bury your head in
dialog: the Socrates?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You know that Socrates never actually
dialog: wrote anything.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That's beside the point. If you don’t
dialog: like it, strive to change it. Which
dialog: is what you’re already doing, that’s
dialog: why you’re here. See? You’re exactly
dialog: where you belong.
text: Reasoned into a corner, Jane is silenced. Elizabeth is hounded
text: by a young intern (SPENCER).
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: Ms. Sloane! They’re ready for you
dialog: upstairs.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Spencer, did you know that Americans
dialog: care more about Nutella than they
dialog: care about soap?
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: See that? No reaction.
text: They enter...
scene_heading: INT. STRATEGY ROOM - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: Pins stuck in maps, files, boxes, C-SPAN and CNN on the TVs.
text: This is where the ritual morning meeting takes place between
text: Elizabeth and her team of around TEN LOBBYISTS.
dialog: Note that these guys are out of kilter with the uptight, wood-
text: paneled ambiance of the firm. Very few of them wear suits;
dialog: these aren’t old boys’ club lobbyists. They’re a young,
text: ambitious team of varying backgrounds who go harder than
dialog: anyone else and pay lip service to industry mores.
text: They continue to work and confer during the meeting, flitting
text: in and out of conversation with their leader. Elizabeth makes
text: her rounds. This happens fast, rapid-fire.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Alright, this should be short.
speaker_heading: LOBBYIST # 1 (ALEX)
dialog: You always say it’s gonna be short.
speaker_heading: LOBBYIST # 2 (LAUREN)
dialog: It’s never short.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It is today. Ross, how many are they
dialog: expecting at the IMF rally?
dialog: ROSS is the statistical whizz, early 30s -
speaker_heading: ROSS
text: Between five hundred and a thousand.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: There's a margin of 100%?
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: Does that technically mean nobody
dialog: might show up?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Five hundred is really a minimum. The
dialog: rest depends on things like weather;
dialog: seems more people hate banks when the
text: sun’s out.
text: Enter PAT CONNORS (40s, Boston-Irish, foul-mouthed and
text: fiercely loyal; the de facto second-in-command) .
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Liz! It’s time we sold Davis on
dialog: Kenya.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I know-
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: When Hodges falls we've got critic-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Critical mass, I’m aware-—
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: We get him a first class ticket, they
dialog: give him face and he’1l drop it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Did you just come from the ladies’
dialog: room?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: I have no idea what you’re talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Ross, how’s the weather forecast for
dialog: later?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: They put one of these over the whole
dialog: of Manhattan.
text: Ross draws a weather symbol on the whiteboard - a cloud with
text: rain falling and sunshine behind it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: It’s the internationally recognized
dialog: meteorological symbol for ‘we don’t
dialog: have a fucking clue’.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Alright, put Metro Talent on notice,
dialog: we may need reinforcements. And prep
dialog: non-disclosures.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN is
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We're really gonna use movie extras?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What’s the quickest way to end an
dialog: anti-capitalism protest?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Throw a bar of soap in the crowd?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Corrupt their message. Their
dialog: arguments are immature, but some of
dialog: these people make valid points. The
dialog: guy shouting about taxpayers
text: subsidizing bankers’ failure becomes
dialog: a lot less credible when he’s
text: standing next to a guy styled as a
text: hobo toting a banner that reads
dialog: “abolish money”.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: “Shit is fucked up and bullshit”.
dialog: Best banner at Occupy. Tell me that
dialog: was one of yours.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (shakes head)
dialog: That was creative way beyond my
dialog: capabilities.
dialog: (moving on)
dialog: Franklin! Shmallow Cakes?!
text: a slightly geeky junior.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Ah - yeah!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: So, does sales tax apply to chocolate-
text: covered cakes and chocolate-covered
dialog: biscuits, or only to one and not the
dialog: other?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I... Don’t know.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You don’t know?
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Alright guys, listen up! I’m going to
dialog: tell you a story.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Please no.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: A priest is giving a young nun a lift
text: home from church one day, and as he’s
text: shifting gear, he rests his hand on
text: the nun’s knee.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: This is offensive and inappropriate.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: The young nun looks at the priest and
dialog: says ‘Father, remember Luke 14:10’.
text: The priest withdraws his hand,
text: embarrassed. Next time they stop at
text: lights, the priest rests his hand a
text: little higher up on her thigh, and
dialog: again, the nun says ‘Remember Luke
text: 14:10, Father’. The priest
dialog: apologizes, ‘The flesh is weak’, he
text: says. So he drops her off, and when
text: he gets back home, the priest reaches
text: for his bible and flips to Luke
dialog: 14:10. Anyone know what it says?
text: Blank stares.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What does it say, Pat?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: (rolls eyes)
dialog: Friend, come up higher; then shalt
dialog: thou have glory!
text: Chuckles and sniggers.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Know your subject, people! Failure to
dialog: do so may result in the loss of a
dialog: golden opportunity.
dialog: (to Franklin)
dialog: When I see you this afternoon, you'd
dialog: better be ready to recite that tax
dialog: code in Esperanto.
dialog: (to all, heading to door)
dialog: That’s it, get to it!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What, we’re done?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: That was short.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I said it’d be short.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You always say it’1l be short.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (exiting; mild disdain)
dialog: I don’t always have to meet with the
text: prunes.
scene_heading: INT. COLE, KRAVITZ AND WATERMAN - EXEC OFFICE - DAY - PAST
dialog: The Executive Office is reserved for the most important
dialog: clients, and feels more like a country club. This morning’s
dialog: occupants are:
text: GEORGE DUPONT (a belligerent 82. Head of Government Affairs
dialog: and one of the biggest hitters in the whole firm);
dialog: 12.
text: R.M. DUTTON (poster-boy lobbyist, 50s, a cold and inhuman
dialog: tactician with piercing blue eyes); and
dialog: BOB SANDFORD (60s; powerful and well-connected President of
text: the Gun Lobby, and potential golden goose client).
text: They sit in chesterfield leather seats, waiting.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: So I’m told I should offer my hand.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: How d’you mean?
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: When we meet? I’m told she doesn’t do
dialog: all the kissy-kissy crap most women
dialog: do these days.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You two have never met?
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: We've attended the same functions,
dialog: but never been introduced.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: In a town this small, how does that
dialog: happen-
text: There is a perfunctory KNOCK on the door.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: So I should offer my hand?
speaker_heading: R.M. DUTTON
dialog: (mildly peeved)
dialog: I wouldn't worry about it.
text: Elizabeth enters.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Ah, here she is. Liz? Bob Sandford,
dialog: President of the Gun Lobby.
text: She’s quick out of the blocks in offering her hand, a polished
text: and professional evasion of awkwardness.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm amazed it’s taken this long.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: I wanted to introduce myself at the
dialog: Free Enterprise dinner, I’d done my
dialog: homework - there I got a glimpse into
dialog: the enigma that is Liz Sloane. You
dialog: throw the biggest party of the year,
dialog: and you're first out the door.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: Minor crisis on the hill.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: A lesser commander-in-chief would
dialog: have left that to a soldier, which is
dialog: exactly why I’m here. Liz, my
dialog: organization has reservations about
dialog: the Heaton-Harris Amendment.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Really... I’m not overly familiar
dialog: with it, but I heard the Gun Lobby
dialog: was responsive to proposals to
dialog: increase the effectiveness of
dialog: background checks.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: We are, broadly. But the language
dialog: here is extensive. Longer delays,
dialog: some Big Brother-type criminal and
dialog: mental health database, for use on
dialog: all sales of firearms? Between father
dialog: and son? Lifelong friends? Our
dialog: members will view this as an
text: intolerable fetter on the Second
dialog: Amendment. We want you to be the one
dialog: to make sure this bill never sees the
dialog: light of day.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Mr. Sandford, you understand that I
dialog: deal primarily in taxation and
dialog: Federal Government interference in
dialog: free enter-
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: We're well aware. But you and your
dialog: team take no prisoners and get things
dialog: done. The reputation you’ve garnered
dialog: over the past few years, we’ve been
text: practically waiting for an excuse to
dialog: hire you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (beat)
dialog: As I say, I’m not familiar with the
dialog: wording, but if this bill will reduce
dialog: the likelihood of firearms falling
dialog: into the wrong hands, it may be in
dialog: your long-term interests to support
dialog: it.
text: George and Dutton share a panicked look.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Liz?
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: I don’t understand-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: Every time a madman opens fire in
dialog: public, more support amasses for
dialog: truly extensive prohibitions on
dialog: firearms; the more precarious the
dialog: position of every reasonable gun
dialog: owner in America.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Rigorous background checks should be
dialog: the Gun Lobby’s best friend. Of
dialog: course, this would entail telling
dialog: your five million plus members
dialog: something they don’t want to hear.
dialog: Which will guarantee that you'll be a
dialog: one-term president of the Gun Lobby.
dialog: But by my reckoning, it’s your best
dialog: option to secure the future of the
dialog: Second Amendment. It’s just a
dialog: question of whether you’d be willing
dialog: to make the personal sacrifice.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: Personal sacrifice?
dialog: (long, uneasy pause
dialog: Liz... These are extensive.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I see. Well, why don’t I look at the
dialog: wording and we'll proceed from there?
scene_heading: INT. COLE, KRAVITZ AND WATERMAN LLP - DAY - PAST
text: Dutton just about keeps pace with George, on the warpath.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'll look at the wording and proceed
dialog: from there, who the hell does she
dialog: think she --
speaker_heading: R.M. DUTTON
dialog: This can be spun. At least they know
dialog: she’s not out to bilk them, that it’s
dialog: their interests she’s representing.
dialog: For the purposes of building trust,
dialog: that may have been the right tactical
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And do you believe, for one
dialog: nanosecond, that lobbyist-client bond-
dialog: building was at the forefront of her
dialog: mind when she effectively told Bob
dialog: Sandford to take his business and
dialog: shove it up his gun barrel?
speaker_heading: R.M. DUTTON
dialog: I was just saying...
text: Dutton peels off, and George storms into his office, yelling
text: out to his SECRETARY on the way -
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I want Sloane in my office now!
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Ah, Mr. Dupont!
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: George marches in and is taken by surprise-
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (re: Secretary)
dialog: She's good, isn’t she?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You'll look at the wording. Well, I’m
dialog: sure the President of one of the most
dialog: powerful representative groups on the
dialog: hill, will be honored that Her
dialog: Majesty has agreed to look at the
dialog: fucking wording!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Did you consider that my lack of
dialog: enthusiasm might demonstrate to them
dialog: that I’m protecting their int-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Don’t feed me that crap and call it
dialog: ice cream. What’s going on with you?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Remember when you interviewed me?
dialog: Eons ago. You asked if I could
dialog: represent a client whose position I
dialog: vehemently disagreed with.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Foolishly, I told the truth, I said
dialog: ‘No.’ Not for money, respect, nor
dialog: professional integrity. I thought I’d
dialog: just blown the interview. The next
dialog: two and a half words out of your
dialog: mouth were ‘You’re hired’.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What I didn’t tell you is that you’re
dialog: supposed to have grown out of that
dialog: infantile, save-the-world idealism by
dialog: your second year!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I do whatever it takes to win because
dialog: I only fight for causes I actually
dialog: believe in-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You’re suddenly a proponent of gun
dialog: control?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: The current system is so porous, it
text: floats. The Heaton-Harris Amendment
dialog: is necessarily extensive to redress
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I thought you had to ‘look at the
dialog: wording’-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I know very well what it says.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: When did this happen? I don’t
dialog: remember you ever caring one way or
dialog: the other about gun control?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I guess my position solidified
text: somewhere between Columbine and
dialog: Aurora. Right now, background checks
dialog: only apply to sales from federally
dialog: licensed gun dealers. Leaving any two-
dialog: bit thug or head-case free to procure
text: a thirty-eight special from a gun
dialog: show, the internet, or his buddy from
text: the Bowl-o-rama. Heaton-Harris puts a
dialog: full-stop to this stupidity, and
dialog: about time too.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Christ, Liz, this isn’t any old
text: client waltzing through the door,
dialog: this is the Gun Lobby. No, something
dialog: happened - someone you know was a
dialog: victim of a gun crime.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Nonsense. I formed an opinion.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You're a champion of the free market.
dialog: You abhor taxation and frivolous
dialog: government spending, meddling,
dialog: patronizing-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I would hardly categorize responsible
dialog: gun control as frivolous-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Kenyans! For Christ’s sake, you rep
dialog: Kenyans!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: To stop our all-consuming government
dialog: from looting one of their few sources
dialog: of income. There’s a cause I can get
dialog: behind. And what’s wrong with Kenya?
dialog: We’re about to close Len Davies with
dialog: a field trip there.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Is that a promise or a threat? I can
dialog: just picture the good Senator being
text: boiled in a cauldron with all these
text: natives dancing around him.
text: Elizabeth puts her head in her hands, despairing.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Get some Fortune 500 clients. Your
dialog: colorful representations are the
dialog: cause of a lot of industry back-chat
dialog: this firm’s good name can do without.
dialog: Elizabeth's
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Could it do without the thirty grand
dialog: a month retainer?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You bully people, Liz. You’re a
dialog: bully, with your unorthodox tactics
dialog: and endless supply of inflammatory
dialog: quotes. Senior Partners are banging
dialog: on my door fearing for our rep, and
dialog: that’s something I can do without.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're hardly a stranger to
dialog: “unorthodox tactics”. It'd be quicker
dialog: to list the Congressmen you haven't
text: strong-armed, threatened or
dialog: blackmailed. I apply tactical,
dialog: creative, ethical methods, and that’s
dialog: how I sleep at night.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Really, Sloane? Those little pills in
dialog: your purse are the kind that lull you
dialog: to sleep?
text: eyes narrow. He’s crossing a line.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: My point: we're different animals in
dialog: the same cage. And I still win, which
dialog: is why the Gun Lobby just walked
dialog: through our front door-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And you sent them straight back out
dialog: of it! You're right! The only reason
dialog: you and your team of sneaker-wearing
dialog: ragamuffins are still here is that
dialog: your arrogant pranks might generate
dialog: enough buzz to attract clients like
dialog: the Gun Lobby. Meaning, if you don’t
dialog: personally dedicate yourself to their
dialog: cause, the partnership won't really
dialog: have any use for you. Your billings
dialog: for this firm’s reputation is a trade
dialog: they'd be happy to make. Now go away,
dialog: re-read that amendment, and start
dialog: telling the world how goddamn
dialog: extensive it is!
scene_heading: ‘S OFFICE - DAY - PAST
text: Elizabeth consults with her DOCTOR. She can’t get out of the
text: room fast enough. She reads and responds to emails on her
dialog: Blackberry,
text: fingertips blistering over the tiny keys like a
text: stenographer on coke.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Any dizziness?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Nausea?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: None.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: No disorientation at all?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Doctor, I'm fine, really. Whatever it
dialog: was you gave me did the trick.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: What time d’you go to sleep most
dialog: nights?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Well, it varies-—
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: What time did you go to sleep last
dialog: night?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This morning?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: These are busy times.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: So I see, by your eagerness to get
dialog: this over with. You don’t need a
dialog: doctor to tell you you're working
dialog: yourself into an early grave.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: The pills did help me sleep.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Pills aren't the answer. The long
dialog: hours and levels of stress you’re
dialog: exposed to would be dangerous for a
dialog: twenty year-old.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I’m going to write you a
dialog: prescription, but it’ll only cover
dialog: you for the next two weeks.
text: The Doctor scribbles down a prescription and hands it over.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I want to see you back here ina
dialog: fortnight, with your phone off, and
dialog: eight hours under your belt.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS - PAST
dialog: 
text: Elizabeth strides out at pace. Scrunches the prescription and
text: deposits it in the nearest trash can.
scene_heading: INT. D.C. FUNDRAISER - NIGHT - PAST
text: The ballroom of a five-star hotel is alive with Washington's
text: most powerful. Phoney affectations, champagne and canapes.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: INT. TOILET STALL - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: Elizabeth sits atop a closed commode with her head in her
text: hands, savoring invisibility and relative quiet. A lifetime of
text: ‘being on’ has taken its toll; like she herself is building
dialog: towards critical mass.
text: She reaches into her handbag and flips open her trinket box.
text: She looks tired, burnt out. She considers the four pills
text: inside long and hard, but denies herself. She flips it shut,
text: flushes (she never went), and exits.
scene_heading: EXT. JEFFERSON HOTEL - NIGHT - PAST
text: Elizabeth strides from the hotel on a crisp winter’s night,
text: and is caught up by a PERSISTENT MAN in his 40s.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: Early night?!
text: She doesn’t stop.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: If you’re here for a quote, you’re
dialog: wasting both of our time.
dialog: Neither does he.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: I’ve just watched you extricate
dialog: yourself from three conversations to
text: use the ladies’ room in the space of
text: thirty minutes.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You busted me. I’m incontinent. Go
dialog: ahead, write it up.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: I hope I’m wrong, but one could be
dialog: forgiven for thinking you're sick of
dialog: this town.
text: She looks at him for the first time.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I haven’t seen you before. You work
dialog: for the Post? How’d you get in?
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: I'd like five minutes of your time.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: The walk to my car is three, get to
dialog: the point.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
text: Word on the hill is that the Gun
dialog: Lobby approached you to bury Heaton-
dialog: Harris. And you refused.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I don’t comment on ‘the word on the
dialog: hill’.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: I know there’s no way you’d do
dialog: that... Unless you support gun
dialog: control. You know why you’re good,
dialog: Liz? Same reason Ayrton Senna was the
dialog: greatest auto racer of his time. The
dialog: same reason terrorists are scary.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I’m not sure a three-way comparison
dialog: between myself, a dead race car
dialog: driver, and Al-Qaeda is a good use of
dialog: your remaining hundred-and-thirty-
dialog: five seconds.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
text: A terrorist will strap himself to a
dialog: bomb for his cause. Senna believed
dialog: God was protecting him from harm, so
text: he threw himself around corners,
dialog: fully committed. You won’t find a
dialog: mercenary on Earth willing to do
dialog: either. You’re good because you
dialog: believe in your clients’ causes;
dialog: conviction-lobbying. And belief
dialog: motivates people in ways money just
dialog: can’t.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I said ‘get to the point’-
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: The Sloane Ranger, sticking up for
dialog: corporate America against the thieves
text: on the hill, clawing at hard-earned
dialog: profit to fund frivolities like
dialog: healthcare.
text: Her ears prick up. Her retort is instant and impassioned.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Or because private property is the
dialog: foundation of civilized society, I
dialog: object to any entity being forcibly
dialog: expropriated of the product of their
dialog: labor. And you wanna talk about
dialog: frivolities, those thieves on the
dialog: hill just spent nearly a million
dialog: dollars of someone’s hard labor
dialog: funding research into methane
dialog: emissions made by dairy cows.
dialog: I accept a minimum rate of taxation
dialog: for necessities, but a meddling, all-
dialog: consuming government constricts
dialog: freedom, throttles innovation, and
dialog: subverts the free market. All of
dialog: which destroy standards of living.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: (shrugs, nonplussed)
dialog: Personally, I’m all for more gun
dialog: control. Will you admit the present
dialog: system is unfit for purpose?
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I remain committed to the Second
dialog: Amendment.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: Dildos are illegal in Texas, but Joe
dialog: Public can walk into a sports store
text: and emerge five minutes later with a
dialog: shotgun.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That would explain the low rate of
dialog: dildo-related murders in Texas.
text: The Man LAUGHS heartily.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It wasn’t that funny.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: No, but you just proved my point. The
dialog: mere mention of taxation elicits a
dialog: libertarian polemic. All I get from
dialog: gun control is a sarcastic
dialog: deflection. You do support Heaton-
dialog: Harris, and you abhor the tactics
dialog: your leadership would employ in
dialog: discrediting it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Alright. You have unusual acuity for
dialog: a member of the D.C. press. What do
dialog: you want?
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: Your quote.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Fine: a conviction-lobbyist never
text: cheats; she exposes cheaters.
text: He scribbles on a notepad.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: That's a keeper. One more thing - off
dialog: the record - d’you know anything
dialog: about the Gun Lobby’s opponents?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What, Brady? I know they’re going to
dialog: lose because their total budget comes
dialog: to less than what the Gun Lobby pay
dialog: to get their shoes shined-
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: What about their lobbyists, Peterson
dialog: Wyatt? They’re a boutique law firm
dialog: with a bi-partisan Government Affairs
dialog: division-
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: ‘Boutique’ is a euphemism for ‘little
text: fish’ and ‘bi-partisan’ denotes a
text: bunch of hippies in suits, some of
dialog: whom are mercenary enough to swing
dialog: right when times get hard.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: D’you know anything about their
dialog: President? Guy named Schmidt?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Never heard of him. But if the firm
text: is built in his image, he’s probably
text: a simpering wuss with a Ph.D in style-
dialog: over-substance.
speaker_heading: PERSISTENT MAN
dialog: Got it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I never introduced myself, by the
dialog: way. Rodolfo Schmidt, President of
dialog: Peterson Wyatt.
text: Elizabeth stops. She is, for once, speechless.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s the matter? Am I not simpering
dialog: hard enough?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (thinking out loud)
dialog: Your firm’s only twelve years old,
dialog: you'd think your name would either be
dialog: Peterson or -
dialog: (snaps out)
dialog: What’s this about?
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: You're pro-Heaton-Harris and it’s an
dialog: open secret you're at war with your
dialog: firm’s leadership.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Brady Campaign want you to lead
dialog: the fight to pass the bill. Peterson
dialog: Wyatt will employ you as a
dialog: consultant, you’ll run defense out of
dialog: our office, and when it’s over you’re
dialog: free to choose from any of the D.C.
dialog: behemoths in line for your signature.
dialog: This is their quote.
text: He writes down a number we don’t see and tears off the piece
text: of paper he scribbled on earlier. She regards it with a smirk,
text: now wise to his strategy.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (re: offer)
dialog: I don’t know if I should be flattered
dialog: or insulted, Mr. Schmidt, but you
dialog: clearly have the wrong opinion of me.
dialog: Especially considering the battle
dialog: you've got ahead of you.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: I think my opinion of you is spot-on.
text: His earnestness halts any immediate retort from her. She
text: studies him.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t even think about telling me you
dialog: don’t wanna take a swing at this.
dialog: Maybe you’re the only one in this
dialog: town who can pull it off. Anyway,
text: it’s on the table. I’ve overspent my
dialog: three minutes.
text: Rodolfo walks off, but turns back -
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT (CONT’D)
dialog: Where’s your car?
text: Long pause. Elizabeth motions back down the street, from where
dialog: they came.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: Three blocks that way.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT - PAST
dialog: 
text: It’s late. All is quiet, dark. Elizabeth downs a tall glass of
text: milk. She puts the bottle back in the fridge, but stops before
text: she closes the door. Considers the milk.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIZABETH’S HOUSE - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER - PAST
dialog: 
text: Elizabeth carefully sets down a saucer full of milk on her
text: front doorstep. Takes a wistful look around the posh, peaceful
text: neighborhood. The pervasive stillness a touch unsettling.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S HOUSE - NIGHT - LATER - PAST
dialog: 
text: Elizabeth sits in an armchair and leans forward. Her eyes dart
text: around the room, she fidgets, unable to turn her brain off.
text: As if deciding to stop thinking once and for all, she leans
text: back, closes her eyes and ceases all movement. Deep breaths,
text: an attempt to induce sleep.
text: It’s no use. She snaps out of it quickly, turns on a lamp and
text: snatches a book next to her - John Grisham's The Litigators.
text: Starts reading from her bookmark (she’s not far in), but
text: discards it in no time. She’s wired. An idea has taken hold.
text: She glimpses around her place. It’s not a home; more a
text: warehouse for files, boxes, and neatly-organized work-related
text: clutter. No family portraits. No photographs of a husband or
dialog: children.
text: On hearing a faint MEOW, Elizabeth glances out the front
text: window. A stray cat and two kittens lick the milk she set out.
text: Elizabeth lets out a SIGH, as if this provides her some small
text: measure of comfort. She catches her reflection in the window.
text: Ruffled and sleepless.
text: She removes something from her pocket - the torn-off SHEET OF
text: A NOTEPAD given to her by Rodolfo Schmidt. She considers it -
text: then grabs her cell and makes a call.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Jane, hi -- I know what time it is,
dialog: just listen. I had a thought... So,
dialog: if Socrates never wrote anything, how
dialog: is it that anyone has ever heard of
dialog: him?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes, I’m fine. Look, we need to
dialog: meet... No, as in, now.
scene_heading: INT. COLE, KRAVITZ AND WATERMAN - STRATEGY ROOM - DAY - PAST
text: The morning meeting in full swing. Elizabeth quizzes her young
dialog: charge, Jane:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: They're staying at the Lantana?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That’s the one on the beach?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: OK, make the bookings. Cover it out
dialog: of the pooled account.
text: New fish Franklin is within earshot.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Is that OK? Technically, I mean?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s fine. Don’t worry about it.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It’s just - the Kenyan government are
dialog: paying for this, right? That’s how we
dialog: get around the gift ban. The pooled
dialog: account’s, well... Pooled. There’s
dialog: money in there from the F&B
dialog: Association, Wal-Mart, anyone with an
dialog: interest in selling anything with
text: palm oil in it.
dialog: (off their surprise)
dialog: I majored in Finance, I go over
dialog: accounts when I want to look busy-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: So you’ll know the Kenyans’
dialog: contribution to that account is big
dialog: enough to cover Senator Davis’
dialog: expenses ten times over and have
dialog: change for a small Caribbean island.
dialog: Do I look unduly concerned?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: OK.
text: Connors steams in, wolfing down a chocolate muffin.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: George told me what happened with the
dialog: Gun Lobby, are you retarded?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, but coming from someone who just
text: walked in an hour late, looking like
text: he pulled his face out of a cow pie,
dialog: that’s mildly amusing.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: That wasn’t funny and I don’t get it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Pray tell, why are you eating a
dialog: chocolate cake for breakfast? Have
dialog: you no shame?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: It’s a muffin, you never ate a muffin
dialog: for breakfast?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: A muffin, let me see... Eggs, flour,
dialog: sugar, cocoa powder, milk, chocolate.
dialog: Sounds exactly like a cake, but of
dialog: course no civilized person could ever
dialog: eat chocolate cake for breakfast. So
dialog: some bright spark in marketing
dialog: divvied up yesterday's leftovers, re-
dialog: branded them as ‘muffins’ and started
text: hawking them as breakfast food.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: You've lost your mind-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Franklin, are you getting this?
dialog: ‘Cause I’m really talking to you.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Shmallow Cakes aren’t really cakes.
text: They're marshmallow paste sandwiched
text: between two biscuits covered in
dialog: chocolate. America’s fourth favorite
dialog: snack is 80% graham cracker. And
dialog: while our ever-rational tax code
dialog: deems cakes luxury items and hits
dialog: them harder, biscuits are obviously
dialog: necessities, and exempt. Are you
dialog: getting this?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Have Shmallow Cakes re-designated as
text: biscuits, argue the ‘cake’ in the
dialog: name is merely marketing puff.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Muted GASPS.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: You'll need evidence in court, so
dialog: have a team of scientists chemically
dialog: analyze their composition and opine
dialog: they are in fact 80% biscuit and zero
dialog: percent cake. That’s how you win.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You knew that all along?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You’d have got there eventually.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Then why are you telling me this?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: In case you’re not coming with me.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: What the hell’s going on?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Everybody, listen up! As you may have
dialog: heard, I took a meeting with the Gun
dialog: Lobby a week ago, and advised them to
dialog: support the Heaton-Harris Amendment.
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: Effective immediately, I’ve decided
text: to leave Cole, Kravitz and Waterman
dialog: and take up station as a consultant
dialog: for the Brady Campaign at Peterson
dialog: Wyatt.
text: Raised eyebrows. Nobody saw this coming.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: In negotiating terms, I secured
dialog: places on my team for everyone in
dialog: this room with no change to your
dialog: current rates of compensation. Now
dialog: who's with me on this? Pat?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: I just walked in an hour late ‘cause
dialog: I’ve been assuring the Gun Lobby that
dialog: we're the right firm to lead the
dialog: fight against Heaton-Harris. We just
dialog: got the green fucking light.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Are you saying I should put you down
dialog: as a maybe?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: You can’t possibly win this.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Who's with me?
dialog: Silence. Nobody dares make the first move... Until:
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I'm with you.
text: Ross, the statistician, goes and stands behind Elizabeth.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Ross, come on, I need you.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: She needs me more.
text: Franklin follows suit.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Guns frighten me.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: The fuck is this? Jerry Maguire?!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You've seen Jerry Maguire? That’s not
dialog: gay at all.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: It’s because I’m not gay that I’ve
dialog: seen Jerry Maguire, you fag prick.
text: MURMURS. Lauren and Alex defect to Elizabeth’s side.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: So, Sloane et. al. versus Connors,
dialog: and who else? Ramirez. How many Tec-
dialog: 9s do you own again?
speaker_heading: LOBBYIST # 3 (RAMIREZ)
dialog: Enough to defend my property. Plus
text: two more to piss off lefties.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Travis, Wickham and Moore, the God-
dialog: squad, the Bible says thou shalt not
dialog: kill, yet you openly endorse
dialog: instruments of death.
speaker_heading: LOBBYST # 4 (TRAVIS)
dialog: For some silly reason I thought you
dialog: hated government interference in
dialog: people’s lives.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Silly indeed. I hate unnecessary
dialog: interference; those bits of
dialog: interference which prohibit private
dialog: citizens from purchasing anti-tank
dialog: ordnance, or weapons-grade plutonium,
dialog: I can live with.
text: She turns to Jane, who sits motionless, staring into space.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Jane...
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Jane?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I don’t know where I stand on this.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I do, you stand with me.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Seriously kid, go. I couldn’t care
dialog: less.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Actually... The Gun Lobby will need
dialog: someone to tally their vote count in
dialog: Ross’ absence... I'll stay.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Jane!
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You were right before. I’m at one of
dialog: the best firms in the city. People
dialog: come and go. I won’t let that affect
dialog: my career here. I’1ll miss you, but
dialog: the 3am wake-up calls? Not so much.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: No shit, I take it back. Welcome
dialog: aboard.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (wounded)
dialog: Fine. And for what it’s worth, you’ve
dialog: some way to go until your vote counts
dialog: are anywhere near as accurate as
dialog: Ross’.
dialog: (snaps to Ross, who beams)
dialog: Don’t let it go to your head.
dialog: (his smile dies; to all)
dialog: I’m off to say my goodbyes to the
dialog: bean-counters. Ordinarily, I'd say
dialog: good luck, but-
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: You're going down harder than Bin
dialog: Laden.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (exiting)
dialog: Your ass is mine, punk.
scene_heading: INT. CONGRESSIONAL HEARING ROOM - DAY - PRESENT
text: Back in the hearing, Elizabeth is stone-faced, but fidgets
text: slightly. The wall of granite slowly being chipped away.
text: We now recognize some of the faces in the public gallery:
dialog: George Dupont, Connors, Rodolfo Schmidt.
dialog: 
text: Congressman Sperling is doddery and sanctimonious as usual.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: We'll come back to the African
dialog: Republic of Kenya later, but...
dialog: (sickly pious)
dialog: You see, what troubles me is the
dialog: amount of influence you had... We've
dialog: seen communications from senior
dialog: figures in Washington; it’s like you
dialog: had this aura, nobody dared get in
dialog: your way.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING (CONT'D)
dialog: Upstanding, democratically elected
dialog: officials feared you, a lobbyist,
dialog: could destroy their careers with a
dialog: snap of your fingers, I...
text: He stops, looks down, shakes his head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING (CONT’D)
dialog: Folks whose careers took decades of
dialog: hard work, they... Is this reputation
dialog: something you actively cultivated,
dialog: Ms. Sloane?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Upon the advice of counsel, I must
dialog: respectfully decline to answer your
dialog: question, based on my rights under
dialog: the Fifth Amendment to the United
dialog: States Constitution.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: You see, it’s bad enough one person
dialog: having that much influence, but if
dialog: they're out of control - if she has a
dialog: problem, an addiction... Which
text: precludes her from exerting her
dialog: influence even-handedly... It'd be
dialog: like the ship of American politics
dialog: being steered by a drunk. Do you, or
dialog: have you ever had, any problems with
dialog: substance abuse, Ms. Sloane?
text: Elizabeth’s eyes narrow. Unsure what he’s getting at.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Upon the advice of counsel, I must
dialog: respectfully decline to answer your
dialog: question, based on my rights under
dialog: the Fifth Amendment to the United
dialog: States Constitution.
text: The media pick up on her tone and WAKE from their slumber.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: I understand you have difficulty
dialog: sleeping? We subpoenaed medical
dialog: records, you’re a long-time sufferer
dialog: of chronic insomnia. You regularly
dialog: work over sixteen hours a day. So you
dialog: suffer from a lot of fatigue, but
dialog: can’t get off to sleep, is that
dialog: accurate?
text: Elizabeth is indignant, her privacy violated. Thrown by this
text: line of questioning, she stumbles over her wording:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Upon the advice of counsel, I
dialog: respectfully - I must respectfully
dialog: decline to answer your question,
dialog: based on my rights under the Fifth
dialog: Amendment of the United States
dialog: Constitution. To the Constitution.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (under breath)
dialog: Whatever.
text: The media STIR more, sensing the next chapter of the scandal.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: You were prescribed multiple courses
dialog: of benzodiazepines, but according to
dialog: the deposition of one of our
dialog: witnesses, you've been procuring, off-
dialog: prescription, and against the advice
dialog: of your medical practitioner, a
dialog: course of psycho-stimulants, with the
dialog: aim of keeping you awake and alert
dialog: for longer. Is this correct?
text: MURMURS in the public gallery and among the media. Elizabeth
text: aims a venomous stare at George Dupont, knowing him to be the
text: only one with that information. He sits up straight and puffs
text: out his chest, revelling in vengeance for her betrayal.
text: Her next death-stare falls on Posner. He can only endure it,
text: helpless. He has no grounds to object.
text: Flashbulbs POP in her face.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING (CONT’D)
dialog: Ms. Sloane?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (reeling it off, fast)
dialog: Upon the advice of counsel, I must
dialog: respectfully decline to answer your
dialog: question, based on my rights under
dialog: the Fifth Amendment to the United
dialog: States Constitution.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: OK... Returning to this business in
dialog: the African Republic of Kenya-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (involuntary blurt)
dialog: I_am not a drug addict and this line
dialog: of questioning has no relevance to
dialog: this case.
text: MEDIA FRENZY. A barrage of FLASHES. Her silence broken. Posner
text: bows his head. She’s blown it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: (fast and angry)
dialog: My medication doesn’t affect my
dialog: judgment any more than a double
dialog: espresso, and speaking of
dialog: intoxication, I can recite from
dialog: memory a list of ‘upstanding,
dialog: democratically elected’ Congressmen
dialog: who have voted on legislation while
dialog: severely inebriated. And just so you
dialog: know, I think, by now, everyone in
text: this room is fully aware, and in no
dialog: danger of forgetting, that Kenya is a
dialog: republic which happens to be situated
dialog: on the continent of Africa.
dialog: 31.
text: A long pause. All eyes, all cameras, on Elizabeth. She
text: deflates a little, the consequences of that outburst now
text: weighing on her mind.
text: Congressman Sperling smiles a cunning, near-imperceptible
text: smile. A huge victory. There’s a lot more to this guy than his
text: fuddy-duddy demeanor.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Ms. Sloane. Welcome to the party.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. CONGRESS - WAITING ROOM - DAY - PRESENT
text: Posner is furious. Elizabeth remains phlegmatic throughout.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Five years, was it really worth it?
dialog: Five years minimum-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What’s five years-
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: All for some puerile quip about Kenya
dialog: being in Africa, can’t you see that
dialog: whole construct was designed to --
dialog: and it worked!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You want to tell me what five years
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: You fell for it! The smartest
dialog: operative on the hill just got played
dialog: by Grampa Simpson!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Is it how long this recess will feel
dialog: like?
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: It’s the going rate for perjury
dialog: before Congress. Which, now that
dialog: you've thrown the Fifth out the
dialog: window, anyone who wants you in the
dialog: ground - and that’s a_ lot of people -
dialog: they’re hard at work, dedicating the
dialog: sum total of their creative and
dialog: intellectual efforts to catch you in
dialog: a lie.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What if I stay silent?
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Well, that’s a good idea! Shit, why
dialog: didn’t your lawyer think of that?!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: If I simply refuse to answer-
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: They’11l throw you in jail for
dialog: contempt of Congress. You’ve just
dialog: blown this thing wide open.
text: He paces, agitated. Elizabeth looks at him, smiles.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Easy, Daniel. You’re starting to look
dialog: like you care.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: I don’t care about you any further
dialog: than I can throw you. I work for the
dialog: one ethical lobbying practice on the
dialog: hill, and I wind up defending the
dialog: poster-child for the most morally
dialog: bankrupt profession since faith
dialog: healing. Rest up, Sloane. You're
dialog: gonna need it.
text: Posner snatches his briefcase and storms out. Elizabeth
text: remains seated, alone in the large, empty room.
text: ECU: she clamps her palms together, her trembling hands
text: struggling to settle.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY HOTEL - LOBBY - NIGHT - PAST
scene_heading: SUPER: 6 MONTHS, 2 WEEKS PRIOR
text: Elizabeth strides into the lobby, talking on her Blackberry.
text: She makes a beeline for the elevators without stopping to
dialog: admire the decor. She knows her way around this place.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: We need to get to it right away,
dialog: office space or not.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think you’1l find I started working
dialog: for you the night we met.
scene_heading: INT. WELL-APPOINTED HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - PAST
text: Elizabeth opens the door, but stops dead in her Ann Taylors.
text: Her glare cuts into --
text: FORDE, sprawled out on the bed. It’s immediately obvious he’s
dialog: a different animal to the D.C. crowd we’ve met thus far. 30s,
dialog: rugged good-looks, easy smile and natural confidence. Bourbon
text: glass resting on his toned chest, above hard-earned abs.
text: Jeans’ top button unhooked. His Southern accent drawls like a
dialog: dulcet tune.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Evenin’, ma’am.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What happened to the usual guy? Mark.
dialog: If that’s his real name.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Mark’s moved on. You can call me
dialog: Forde.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Is that your real name?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Is to you. What do I call you,
dialog: gorgeous?
text: Elizabeth scoffs at the flattery, enters the room. She peers
text: around, suspicious.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Alright, Nothin’. You a politico, or
dialog: one’a these corporate-types? And what
dialog: brings a fine lady like you to room
dialog: 409?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Not the conversation.
text: She motions to a tumbler of bourbon on the bedside table.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: How much have you had to drink?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: With a free minibar, I’d say not
dialog: nearly enough.
text: He salutes her and drains his glass. Elizabeth inhales.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You know, you’re not allowed to smoke
dialog: in here.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: You're not allowed to buy company in
dialog: here, yet here you are-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Smoke is detectable. It could draw
text: attention. It’s unprofessional.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: OK. Corporate-type. Lawyer maybe.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: If we’re to go forward, I require
dialog: certain standards of-
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Agency rules, Ms. Nothin’. Payment in
dialog: cash, we’re not seen in public,
dialog: unless that’s what ya want, and I’m
dialog: the only one to ever lay eyes on you
dialog: or know this 1i’l party ever
dialog: happened. Tonight, that’s with half a
dialog: minibar down my gullet.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ‘Course, I understand if you were...
dialog: Lookin’ for somethin’ else.
text: A rare moment of vulnerability. Elizabeth looks him over.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You'll do just fine. Let’s get to the
dialog: point.
text: All business, Elizabeth unbuckles the belt on her pantsuit and
text: fastidiously lays it over the back of the chair.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - DAY - PAST
dialog: 
text: A very different meeting room in a modern, open plan, and
text: somewhat pretentiously “progressive” neo-industrial office.
text: Art installations made from used milk bottles, etc.
text: The four defectors from Elizabeth’s team sit awkwardly with
text: FOUR of their new COLLEAGUES (30s, three female, all
text: Democrats). They’ve said their hellos, sat down (in their
text: factions), and are now struggling for small talk.
speaker_heading: PETERSON WYATT LOBBYIST (BRIAN)
dialog: So... What d’you guys think of the
dialog: new office?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It’ll take some getting used to.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I kinda like it. Reminds me of Willy
dialog: Wonka’s chocolate factory.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: That's funny, you remind me of an
dialog: Oompa Loompa.
speaker_heading: ROSS
text: The vending machine downstairs is
dialog: weird. It wouldn’t dispense my
dialog: beverage unless I told it my gender
dialog: and age range.
speaker_heading: PETERSON WYATT LOBBYIST (ESME)
dialog: The vending machine company sells our
dialog: personal details to Big Advertising.
dialog: I already lodged a complaint with
dialog: upper management.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: It’s OK, I just lied.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What, you told it you’re an adult
dialog: male?
speaker_heading: PETERSON WYATT LOBBYIST (CLARA)
dialog: Why are you so horrible to him?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It’s polite to reciprocate.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (checking phone)
dialog: Davis dropped the Nutella Tax.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: When did this happen?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I just got it-
scene_heading: PETERSON WYATT LOBBYIST (CYNTHIA)
dialog: The tax on palm oil? You’re the ones
dialog: who killed it?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Dead with the dodo.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Along with how many other unique
dialog: species in the Kenyan rainforest?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (to Ross)
dialog: Not your greatest analogy there.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: (to Cynthia)
dialog: I guess that’s for them to decide,
dialog: after all, it is, you know, their
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: D’you know how much pollution their
text: slashing and burning pumps into the
dialog: atmosphere?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Less than 0.2% of global greenhouse
dialog: gas emissions. Would you like to know
dialog: by how many orders of magnitude the
dialog: American industrial revolution
dialog: eclipsed them, so we could grow fat
dialog: off all that Nutella?
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: I’d love to. But I know you can’t
dialog: tell me, ‘cause it’s not even close
dialog: to quantifiable.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Oh God, it’s started already.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Are the rumors true?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Elaborate.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Sloane-zilla. Is she the
dialog: personification of an ice cube?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Melts at room temperature and gave
dialog: Canadians a national pastime?
speaker_heading: CLARA
text: Frigid and heartless.
speaker_heading: ROSS
text: She pees standing up. I don’t even do
dialog: that.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: Do you think before you speak?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Why don’t we just focus on the
dialog: future? OK?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Let's.
text: Silence makes an instant return. People check their phones.
text: Backs straighten as Elizabeth and Rodolfo enter.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: I was thinking we start by going
dialog: round the room and introducing our-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Let’s spare ourselves the tedium and
dialog: get to it. If you want to break the
dialog: ice, do it with insight. Whatever our
dialog: differences, political or otherwise,
dialog: we're all here to ensure safe passage
dialog: of the Heaton-Harris Amendment into
dialog: Federal law. How do we do it?
text: A brief silence.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: Realistically, we don’t. We fight
dialog: them as hard as we can, build a
dialog: strong base of support, so we have a
dialog: better chance when they table next
dialog: year’s Heaton-Harris, or the one
dialog: after that.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: While I appreciate your pragmatism, I
dialog: didn’t just move across town with the
dialog: aim of losing as slowly as possible.
dialog: Name and seniority?
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: Esme Manucharian, nine years.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Manucharian. I’ve heard that name.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Esme’s our authority on gun control.
dialog: When it comes to facts and figures,
dialog: she has no equal.
text: Ross’ note scribbling practically does a record scratch. That
dialog: needles him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You led the fight to preserve the
dialog: concealed carry ban in Illinois.
speaker_heading: ESME
text: Ultimately unsuccessfully, but yes.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Esme. Why are we going to lose?
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: For every dollar we can donate in
dialog: campaign contributions, you know how
dialog: much the Gun Lobby can donate?
speaker_heading: ROSS ESME
dialog: Thirty-eight. Thirty-eight.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (grins at rivalry)
dialog: So Congressmen bow to money, but why?
dialog: It’s not going into their own
dialog: accounts, that'd be bribery.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Like what the Kenyans just did to
dialog: Senator Davis?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That was legal, sovereign-backed
dialog: bribery, but yes.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Every rational entity protects their
dialog: interests. The priority of a
dialog: Congressman isn’t representing the
dialog: people, it’s keeping his ass in
dialog: office. Campaign contributions are a
dialog: means to that end, which is why
dialog: Congressmen sell their votes to get
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: That is so cynical.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: There is no cynicism. Only a word
dialog: used by Polly-Annas to denote an
dialog: absence of the naivety they so keenly
dialog: exhibit.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: You settle in fast.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: So Congressmen bow to money so they
dialog: can get re-elected, and we’re shit
dialog: out of money.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: So we do it the old-fashioned way, by
dialog: direct appeal to voters.
text: Elizabeth regards Clara with a fleeting glance. But still more
dialog: than any one person (bar Esme) has received from her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you. The average lobbying fight
text: is won rather plainly: greasing the
dialog: right Congressmen at the right
dialog: moments.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: But to win here, against these odds,
dialog: will require us rounding those bases
dialog: many times over - and so will our
dialog: strategy...
speaker_heading: (CLAPS hands)
dialog: Everybody up! We’re going mobile.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: We are?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: This is about appealing to Jane and
dialog: Joe Public. It may be a political
dialog: battle, but it needs to be fought on
dialog: the street. We approach this, not as
dialog: Washington insiders, but as normal
dialog: Americans.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: You're going to try to be normal?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: This I have to see.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You can work in this sanitized
dialog: sardine can if you want. I'll be at
dialog: America’s favorite pastime with
dialog: 40,000 of our marks.
scene_heading: INT. CAMDEN YARDS BASEBALL STADIUM - SKYBOX - SUNSET - PAST
text: An Orioles game is well underway as sunset crayolas the
text: Baltimore skyline. The ten members of the team look out on
text: 40,000 spectators from a private skybox.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Campaign contributions don’t create
dialog: binding obligations, they’re debts of
dialog: honor. If, on polling day, a
dialog: Congressmen thinks a vote against
dialog: will be political suicide, he'll
dialog: betray the Gun Lobby to save his ass
dialog: even if they funded surgery to whiten
text: his teeth.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: A skybox? At a hundred times the
dialog: price of an average ticket? This is
dialog: your attempt at being normal?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We can talk shop in relative privacy.
dialog: I’m compromising.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: However much we spend to get the
dialog: public on our side, the Gun Lobby can
dialog: afford to drown us out.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And here's the beauty of it; the
dialog: reason we have any chance at all: we
dialog: don’t need to spend to get the public
dialog: on our side. They already are. There
text: are 40,000 people in this stadium.
dialog: Polls show that 32,000 of them favor
dialog: gun control, just not vehemently
dialog: enough to change their vote over it,
dialog: and further objurgate the painfully-
dialog: obscure language of the Second
dialog: Amendment.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: So we spend to make gun control the
dialog: deal-breaker.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Exactly. America has endured 31
dialog: school shootings since Columbine,
dialog: more than double the amount in the
dialog: rest of the world put together. Yes,
dialog: Franklin. We make guns a deal-
dialog: breaker. We start a movement, build a
dialog: consensus, do everything we can to
dialog: make it snowball. That's how we win.
text: Down on the field, players trudge off for a time-out.
text: Sixpence None the Richer’s Kiss Me BOOMS around the stadium.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: This is moot, but just so you know,
dialog: baseball isn’t America’s favorite
dialog: pastime anymore. Statistically, I
dialog: mean. The NFL has polled-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I already knew that, and it’s not
text: moot. The NFL season kicks off little
dialog: over a month before Heaton-Harris
dialog: goes to vote. Average attendance of
text: 67,000, tens of millions watching on
dialog: TV.
text: The romantic music has the effect of making Elizabeth more
dialog: aggressive.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: This is where Jane and Joe reside. I
dialog: want pro-Heaton-Harris ads on the big
dialog: screen, I want TV spots; the public
dialog: don't pay heed to politicians, they
dialog: listen to their heroes. We get hold
dialog: of sports agents and brow-beat them
dialog: into having their charges pledge
dialog: support for increased gun control-
text: She stops, as some of her team become distracted.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (to Clara)
dialog: Ah, guys...
text: Horror washes over Clara’s face, as she looks to --
dialog: 40.
text: THE JUMBOTRON. KISS CAM has homed in on her, standing beside
text: Alex. He smirks, relatively unruffled. Clara pleads with the
text: big screen as though it can understand her.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: No, no, we're not - we just met!
text: The crowd grow restless as Alex and Clara stand, not kissing.
text: Playful BOOS begin to ring out. This is awkward.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Ah, what the hell...
text: Alex grabs Clara and pulls her close in front of him, tilts
text: his head to the right. From the camera view on the giant
text: screen, they appear to be kissing.
text: NEW ANGLE - they are, in fact, not quite touching. Alex closes
text: his eyes and expertly caresses her cheek with his fingertips.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Tilt your head ever so slightly to
dialog: the right.
text: She does. The crowd GOES NUCLEAR. Alex pulls back, smiles.
text: Kiss Cam moves on to the next unsuspecting couple.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Very well saved.
text: Clara, despite her best efforts, looks genuinely impressed.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (cocky bastard)
dialog: You wanna try the real thing.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Are you done? Can we get back to it
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: So much for ‘relative privacy’.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Should've stayed in the office.
scene_heading: INT. GUN LOBBY - BOB SANDFORD’S OFFICE - DAY - PAST
text: GUNS. Pictures of guns. Model guns. A golden gun. He’s a 200-
dialog: pound bull and you wouldn’t mess with him anyway, but Bob
dialog: Sandford's office isn’t designed to make you feel welcome.
text: He leans back in his executive chair, King of his empire. Even
text: the hardened Connors is unusually subdued.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: We're a powerful institution, Pat.
dialog: There’s over five million of us. And
dialog: we're armed. Now I’m not saying we
text: set out to intimidate, but when the
dialog: Gun Lobby wants to meet you, you damn
dialog: well meet.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Who are we talking about here?
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: Wickman, Democrat, Wisconsin. Always
dialog: seems to be unavailable to take our
dialog: call.
scene_heading: INT. COLE, KRAVITZ AND WATERMAN - STRATEGY ROOM - DAY - PAST
text: ECU ON A FLAT-SCREEN TV: News coverage of a press conference.
text: A grief-stricken father, JOEL PATTERSON, sniffles and fights
text: tears as he speaks.
scene_heading: JOEL PATTERNSON (ON TV; FILTERED)
dialog: We’ve seen this a million times
dialog: before. This speech. This situation.
dialog: It seems so far away. You never think
dialog: this is going to be you giving it. My
dialog: girls died...
text: He takes a long pause, trying to compose himself.
text: Connors, R.M. Dutton, and Jane watch the TV. There is genuine
text: sympathy in the eyes of the latter.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: (rolls eyes; to himself)
dialog: Jesus Christ.
scene_heading: JOEL PATTERNSON (ON TV; FILTERED)
dialog: We could have stopped this...
text: On the TV, Joel breaks down in tears. It’s rather
text: heartbreaking. However, R.M. Dutton is nonplussed.
speaker_heading: R.M. DUTTON
dialog: We get the idea.
text: Jane clicks off the TV.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Joel Patterson, high school history
text: teacher. There was a renewed wave of
dialog: anti-gun sentiment in Wisconsin after
dialog: his wife and two children were shot
text: dead in a mall.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: That was months ago-
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It hasn't died down. Big media still
text: runs coverage on him. Mothers against
dialog: guns marches, there was an online
dialog: pledge to vote against anyone who
dialog: opposes gun control-
speaker_heading: CONNORS
text: This is her. Public outrage after a
dialog: gun attack lasts around a week per
dialog: casualty, this whole Pattinson story
dialog: should be in the ground by now.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Patterson.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Their name. The Patterson family.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: I don’t give a shit if they were the
dialog: Partridge Family. She’s revived this.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Actually, she’s cultivated it. Public
dialog: support for gun control’s up 8% in
dialog: the last two weeks alone. Wickman’s
dialog: avoiding the Gun Lobby ‘cause if he
dialog: gives them what they want, there’s a
dialog: very real chance he won’t make it
dialog: through fall.
speaker_heading: R.M. DUTTON
dialog: Why didn’t we close him earlier?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: It’s Wisconsin, it’s not exactly...
dialog: Where is she now?
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - DAY - PAST
dialog: 
text: The team hard at work, making calls, crunching numbers.
text: An entire wall is dedicated to bio mugshots of Congressmen,
text: with red slashes over some and green ticks over others. Some
dialog: have no markings. This is their vote count.
text: Ross stands and admires it with Cynthia, Franklin and Esme.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: 217's the magic number. 217 gets us a
dialog: majority-
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I thought 218 is a majority-
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: (cutting in)
text: In a House of 435, it is, but three
dialog: vacant seats gives us 432, meaning
dialog: 217-215 is the smallest possible
dialog: winning majority.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: As. I. Was. Saying...
dialog: (eyeing Esme)
dialog: By my reckoning, the Gun Lobby has
dialog: 191 votes pretty much locked -
dialog: (motions to wall)
dialog: That’s this side. I’d say we have 183
dialog: locked over on this side. That leaves
dialog: 58 who are in play: these fine
dialog: gentlemen in the middle. Heaton-
text: Harris provisionally makes it to the
dialog: floor in 179 days.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: ROSS (CONT'D)
dialog: The good news is, if we lock down 34
dialog: of these money-sucking leeches, we’re
text: over the line.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: The bad news being that the Gun Lobby
dialog: are rich beyond our wildest dreams?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: There is that-
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Or that it’s not a whole lot of time
dialog: to steal 34 votes from the most
dialog: powerful lobby in D.C.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: That too-
speaker_heading: ESME
text: What Ross is fumbling around is, they
dialog: only need 26.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Yes.
text: Elizabeth marches through the office, on the phone:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: No, we need the media there, that’s
dialog: the whole point. It has to be
dialog: recorded on celluloid, ready to be
dialog: trotted out should he ever think
dialog: about backing down - hold on -
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Ross?! You get it?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Yeah! Twelve billion a year, $32 per
dialog: gun in circulation!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: OK, good. I’m sending you a photo of
dialog: Clara Thomson, she’ll be seated front-
dialog: left, wearing -
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Clara, what are you wearing?!
speaker_heading: CLARA
text: One-shoulder black crepe dress!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
text: A one-shoulder black crepe dress. If
dialog: you're really lucky, she’ll find you
dialog: at the reception. Thank you, Carlos.
text: She hangs up. To Alex, passing by -
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Alex, tell me it’s feasible that a
dialog: doctor wouldn’t have time for all
dialog: this social media lark?
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: If you're pulling fifteen-hour
dialog: shifts, I guess.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Linked In. If he’s a doctor he’d
dialog: probably be on Linked In.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Could you not have just stopped when
dialog: I said ‘great’?
text: She collapses into a chair and snatches up a medical text
text: titled PULMONARY PATHOPHYSIOLOGY. Rodolfo Schmidt passes.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Light reading?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: D’you even know what Pulmonology is?
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: It’s the study of... Pulmon.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Did you know your lungs are
dialog: asymmetrical? Your right lung has
dialog: three lobes, but your left is
dialog: smaller, it has two. You know why?
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Your heart needs the real estate?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Bravo.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Though I guess that’s not a problem
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Ouch, that hurt. Come, what do they
dialog: got? Let’s have it.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: (consults notes)
dialog: It’s the first step toward a national
dialog: register of firearms.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Nobody’s even come close to proposing
dialog: that, and if anyone did, it’d have
dialog: its own day in Congress. Linking that
text: to Heaton-Harris is scare mongering.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: The new rules will increase wait
dialog: times by as long as two weeks.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Two whole weeks, how will they
dialog: survive?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Welcome to America, where you'll wait
dialog: six months for a routine operation,
dialog: but hey, you can buy an AR-15 in five
dialog: minutes flat.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Anderson Cooper's earliest booking is
dialog: late-May. You going to be that
dialog: flippant on CNN?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: Yes. Pussyfooting isn’t memorable.
dialog: Sound bites are, and the appropriate
dialog: one here goes like this: anyone that
text: desperate to get their hands on a gun
dialog: shouldn’t be allowed anywhere near
dialog: one.
scene_heading: INT. FIVE-STAR HOTEL - NIGHT - PAST
dialog: 
text: The ballroom is decked out for a big fundraiser. Banners for
text: the AMA (American Medical Association) adorn the podium as
text: CONGRESSMAN WALLACE gives a speech.
text: Clara, wearing a black, one-shoulder crepe dress, weaves her
text: way through tables while on the phone.
speaker_heading: CLARA (INTO PHONE)
dialog: You think he'll go for it?
text: OUTSIDE THE BALLROOM, Elizabeth paces, on her cell:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: He knows the media is here and won’t
dialog: risk being heckled at his own
dialog: fundraiser. You'll back him into a
dialog: corner and he’1ll have no choice.
text: LATER - Congressman Wallace stands on the platform and the
text: roving MC selects people to ask questions.
speaker_heading: MC
dialog: Just a couple more questions for the
dialog: Congressman and we’ll wrap up.
text: Clara’s hand shoots up. The MC sees her, but his glance moves
dialog: further afield.
speaker_heading: MC (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, the lady in white.
text: Clara puts her cell phone to her ear. The unseen lady in white
text: has a bland, scripted Q and A with the Congressman.
speaker_heading: CLARA (INTO PHONE)
dialog: He was supposed to go to me third,
dialog: what’s he doing?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.S., FILTERED)
text: Following orders. Three tables behind
dialog: you, four to your left.
text: Clara looks back. Connors, R.M. Dutton, Jane, and Ramirez
text: share a table. Connors catches her gaze. She looks away.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.S., FILTERED) (CONT'D)
dialog: They've been following us since
dialog: Wisconsin. They’d have had everyone
dialog: on that list vetted. You’re blown.
speaker_heading: CLARA (INTO PHONE)
dialog: You made me delete my Facebook
dialog: account. I had my bio removed from
dialog: our website-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.S., FILTERED)
dialog: To make it look like we tried.
speaker_heading: CLARA (INTO PHONE)
dialog: What d’you mean?
speaker_heading: MC
dialog: And the final question goes to...
text: Clara’s hand shoots up again, but the MC reads from a card.
speaker_heading: MC (CONT'D)
dialog: Dr. Raj Amarasekara - I hope I’m
dialog: pronouncing that right - of the
dialog: Pulmonary Associates of America.
text: RAJ AMARASEKARA stands to pose his question.
speaker_heading: RAJ AMARASEKARA
dialog: Mr. Congressman. Where I work, on any
dialog: given night, it’s a safe bet we'll
dialog: see three or four gunshot victims.
dialog: Some are kids, teenagers. I think we
dialog: can all agree this is a problem, so
dialog: I'd like you to tell us how you
dialog: intend to vote on the Heaton-Harris
dialog: Amendment when it’s put before
dialog: Congress. Thank you.
text: The question receives LOUD APPLAUSE from the audience. You can
dialog: tell the press in the room because they just scrambled for
text: their cameras and phones, and proceed to record the moment.
text: ON ELIZABETH, inconspicuous towards the back, on the phone.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: I mean Raj Amarasekara is a working
dialog: actor whose real name is Matthew
dialog: Kantaria. They thought he was about
dialog: to ask a benign question about a
dialog: clean air initiative.
text: Connors is steaming mad. R.M. Dutton, death cooled down.
text: The Congressman does his best to conceal his unease. Pause.
speaker_heading: CLARA (INTO PHONE)
dialog: You _decoyed me?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.S., FILTERED)
dialog: Raj Amarasekara has personally
dialog: plagiarized seven research papers,
text: all available online. He even has a
dialog: Linked In account.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN WALLACE
dialog: Well... As you said, and have
dialog: experienced, gun violence is a real
dialog: problem... And while our sympathies
dialog: must always be first and foremost
dialog: with the families of the victims, it
dialog: must also be noted the enormous
dialog: strain gun violence puts on our
dialog: healthcare system.
dialog: (uneasy pause; in a bind)
dialog: That’s why, when put to vote... I
dialog: will whole-heartedly support the
dialog: Heaton-Harris Amendment.
text: LOUD APPLAUSE. Congressman Wallace puts on his best plastic
text: smile and laps it up, but behind it lurks one angry man.
text: Elizabeth surveys a sea of camera phones held up by attendees,
dialog: which just captured the moment.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: And that’s a wrap.
text: She turns on a sixpence to exit, but stops - she catches
text: Jane's gaze from across the room. Her old protégé, now an
text: adversary. Neither dwells on it - Elizabeth strides out; Jane
text: sips her drink casually.
text: BACK IN THE OFFICE, CLOSE-UP ON THE VOTE COUNT: Congressman
text: Wallace's face gets a BIG GREEN TICK stuck over it.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY HOTEL - ROOM 409 - NIGHT - PAST
text: Elizabeth rolls off Forde in bed, post-coital. They stare at
text: the ceiling. It takes a moment for her breathing to normalize,
dialog: but when it does:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I could use this room tonight. I have
dialog: work to do.
text: She gets out of bed and dresses. Forde rolls onto his side.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Big case?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Forde, human interaction is an
dialog: exchange. My money for your...
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Dick?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Let’s call it “skill set” - is the
dialog: only exchange I’m willing to make.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Now ya sound like a banker.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I was hopin’ we could getta know each
dialog: other a li’l.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: FORDE (CONT'D)
dialog: If you ever need an excuse to get
dialog: outta the office, or wherever it is
dialog: you work, I’d be happy to meet
text: downtown for a cup of Joe. Just as
dialog: two normal people. Not, you know...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: While I admire your persistence,
dialog: that’s never going to happen.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Suit y’erself.
dialog: (rolls out of bed)
dialog: I got prep to do anyways.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Prep for what?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: (dressing)
dialog: ‘Nother client, tomorrow night.
text: A flash of irrational disappointment registers on Elizabeth's
text: face, upon being reminded that Forde sees other women.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You do prep?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: For functions. Believe it or not, not
dialog: everyone hires me for my “skill set”.
dialog: Half my clients only want me on their
dialog: arm. Some just wanna sit ‘n talk to
dialog: someone from a different neck’a the
dialog: woods, who ain’t gonna judge ‘em.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Dear God, that’s pathetic.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Functions are different. I gotta be
dialog: in character.
dialog: (disdainful)
dialog: The agency gave me a list’a covers,
dialog: ‘cause God forbid, I go as a country
dialog: boy who came to town as a PT.
dialog: Insurance exec, marketin’ guy.
dialog: Tomorrow, oil ‘n gas.
dialog: We get a strong sense that Forde loathes this deceptive aspect
dialog: to his work.
text: He is dressed and ready to go; Elizabeth digs an envelope out
text: of her handbag, and offers it to him. His bitterness
text: evaporates and he’s back to his playful self.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'll be seeing you.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: I think you owe me somethin’ more.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s all there. Count it.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: This covers my services. But I just
dialog: gave ya a whole lotta info ‘bout my
dialog: line’a work. On your principles of
dialog: exchange...
text: He motions for her to reciprocate.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That was more of a voluntary donation
dialog: on your part.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: You a real enigma, ya know that?
dialog: Nothin’ like the typical client.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Old?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Strong. You ain’t here to live out
dialog: some bizarro fantasy ‘bout bein’ a
dialog: master or a slave. You’re here for
dialog: somethin’ else.
text: Elizabeth regards him, ambivalence subdued behind her
text: reflective gaze.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You asked me once what brought me to
dialog: this room. I guess I’m playing a role
dialog: too. I pay you so I can imagine a
dialog: life I chose to forego in pursuit of
dialog: my career.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Why imagine it, when ya could just go
dialog: out‘n get it?
text: The question strikes a chord with Elizabeth. She hardens,
text: becomes defensive.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, it’s not for me. Not when I was
dialog: in my twenties, and sure as hell not
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: So no house ya call home, no folks ya
dialog: call family sorta thing, huh? Ever
dialog: regret that choice?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Not for a second.
text: Forde lets that settle. Peers into her unreadable expression.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Well, least now we're peelin’ a
dialog: layer.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And that is all my “principles of
dialog: exchange” will transact. Goodbye,
dialog: Forde.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Bye, Nothin’.
text: Forde smiles and takes his leave.
text: All business again, Elizabeth shuffles through some documents
text: she’s taken out of her Bottega Veneta briefcase. She stops,
text: sets down the file. She sits on the edge of the unkempt bed.
text: Now, still and silent. Mind distant.
scene_heading: EXT. PINEHURST GOLF COURSE (N. CAROLINA)- GREEN - DAY - PAST
text: Connors lines up a putt on the green as Bob Sandford and
text: CONGRESSMAN BURNS (50s, even-tempered businessman-turned-
text: politico) look on intently.
text: Connors steadies himself and sinks a fifteen yard putt,
text: nerveless. He pumps his fist, exhilarated by victory.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Fucking A right!
text: His two rivals applaud ruefully. They all shake hands.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN BURNS
dialog: And there I thought lobbyist
dialog: etiquette forbids you from beating
dialog: your client, much less a Congressman.
dialog: You don’t get to our heart by
dialog: damaging our fragile egos.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: I'll tell you, Frank, this one here
text: plays by his own rules.
scene_heading: EXT. PINEHURST GOLF COURSE (N. CAROLINA) - LODGE - DAY - PAST
text: The three now enjoy scotch and a breathtaking view.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN BURNS
dialog: I’m a little surprised you even made
dialog: it out here. The public swings well
dialog: in favor of gun control, and I’m an
dialog: the enviable position of financial
dialog: independence.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: We’re well aware, Frank.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN BURNS
dialog: I know it may be unusual for a
dialog: lobbyist to hear, but when I pledged
dialog: not to accept campaign finance from
dialog: the Gun Lobby, I meant front and back
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: We're not offering finance. I know
dialog: your approval rating’s sky-high.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONNORS (CONT'D)
dialog: You could practically vote for Sharia
dialog: law and you’d still keep your seat. I
dialog: also know you’re an old school
dialog: patriot who cares about the future of
dialog: America. About what America stands
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN BURNS
dialog: There’s nothing wrong with exercising
dialog: vigilance over who gets their hands
text: on a firearm.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Tell me, Congressman. When I say
dialog: ‘America’, what’s the first word you
dialog: think of?
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN BURNS
dialog: (knowing nod)
dialog: Freedom.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Yeah. It’s in our DNA. And every time
dialog: this Big Brother, nanny-state makes a
text: new incursion into citizens’
dialog: freedoms, it dilutes what makes this
dialog: country great. Self-sufficiency is
dialog: celebrated here. You started with
dialog: nothing and made a fortune buying and
dialog: leasing aircraft; try doing that in
dialog: Europe. Everyone in this great nation
dialog: of ours has it in their power to
dialog: succeed by their own hand, and
dialog: everyone has the right to defend
dialog: what’s theirs.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN BURNS
dialog: Some incursions into freedom might be
dialog: necessary. Heaton-Harris isn’t the
dialog: end of gun rights.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: No, but it’s a continuation of a
dialog: culture of erosion. Slowly, they’re
dialog: taking more and more - slow enough so
dialog: we won't really feel it over the
dialog: course of our lifetimes. But ina
dialog: hundred, two hundred years, what’1l
dialog: be left of the Second Amendment?
text: Connors’ passion is manifest and genuine. Sandford regards him
text: proudly, sipping his scotch and nodding to arguments he
text: doesn’t have the cogency to enunciate.
speaker_heading: CONNORS (CONT’D)
dialog: I know you’re not a religious man, so
dialog: let me put it in evolutionary terms.
dialog: Fish became amphibians, then
dialog: reptiles, all the way through
text: primates, and then humans. A monkey
dialog: didn’t one day give birth to a human
text: baby. But with a series of tiny,
text: imperceptible changes, over millions
dialog: of years, what started as a fish
dialog: became something completely
dialog: different.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONNORS (CONT’D)
dialog: Sure, Heaton-Harris doesn’t change
dialog: much on its own. But the cumulative
dialog: effect of a series of incursions will
dialog: turn the Second Amendment into
dialog: something very different to what our
dialog: Founders intended. Same goes for all
dialog: of our freedoms. Hell, I’m not here
dialog: because I love guns; honestly, I
dialog: don’t. I do love freedom.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN BURNS
dialog: Is that not evolution?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Evolution isn’t necessarily positive.
dialog: Not when we stand to lose one of the
dialog: things that makes it great to be
dialog: American: the right to refuse to be a
dialog: victim.
text: Congressman Burns sighs, looks out at the resplendent fairway,
text: thinking hard. Opening up.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB HOUSE (N. CAROLINA) - DAY - PAST
text: Connors walks with Bob Sandford, towards a luxury sedan which
text: has pulled up out front of the club house.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: I never had a great amount of respect
dialog: for freelance outfits like you.
dialog: Always figured you're ready to piss
dialog: whichever way the wind’s blowing to
dialog: make a buck - that’s why I wanted
dialog: Sloane. But seeing you at work just
dialog: now... You really believed what you
dialog: were saying.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: (firm)
dialog: I do. Unshakably.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then I’m glad Sloane said No. She did
dialog: me one helluva favor.
text: He offers his hand to Connors, who shakes it vigorously.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ll see you, Pat.
text: Connors nods. Those words meant the world to him. Sandford
text: gets in the back seat and the car pulls out.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - DAY - PAST
text: On the vote count, Congressman Burns’ face gets a BIG RED
text: SLASH stuck over it by Alex, who speaks to colleagues.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Fuck Monty Burns. We’re sitting on a
dialog: new five hundred grand. That’s over
dialog: 12% of our budget.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: It’s now 9.3%!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
text: It came in anonymously, but
dialog: everyone’s thinking Bloomberg.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: If you were donating that much, why
dialog: would you do it anonymously?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: The obvious reason.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: What, privacy?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What? No. It makes you look noble
dialog: when you leak your identity.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Oh my God. Were you born that
dialog: cynical?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: (parroting Elizabeth)
dialog: There's no such thing as cynicism,
dialog: only a word to denote the absence-
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Of the naivety I so keenly exhibit,
dialog: yeah, right.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. GRAND PUBLIC BUILDING - DAY - PAST
text: Clara keeps pace with Elizabeth as they quick-step up the
text: stone staircase into the airy and imposing public building.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: I deleted every vestige of my online
dialog: existence-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And you didn’t replace it, leaving a
text: Clara-sized hole in Google, which
dialog: they obviously flagged when they were
dialog: doing their due diligence. Why’d we
dialog: lose Burns?
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: I did replace it. First hit on Clara
dialog: Thomson gets you a Canadian English
dialog: teacher in South Korea, but I made a
dialog: small footprint two rungs down. I’d
dialog: just returned from a two-year stint
dialog: with Medcins Sans Frontiers. It was
dialog: solid.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What can I say? They’re good. Burns.
dialog: North Carolina. What the hell
dialog: happened?
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: There’s ten of us. How many d’you
dialog: think we’re up against at Waterman?
dialog: Thirty? We don’t have the manpower
dialog: nor the funding to keep up with the
dialog: Lobby, and we just hadn’t gotten to
dialog: him yet. They got lucky and picked
text: one who was wide open.
text: Elizabeth grimaces, knowing her point is valid.
speaker_heading: CLARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Unless, of course, it wasn’t luck.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What d’you mean?
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: You didn’t tell me about Raj Ama...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Amarasekara. Just call him Matthew.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: I checked with Finance, he wasn’t
dialog: paid from the firm’s account. You ran
dialog: him out of your own pocket.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s good practice to keep your
dialog: circle small. I needed you sharp with
dialog: the question in case you slipped
dialog: through their net, I had nothing to
dialog: gain by telling you.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: But you had something to lose. You
dialog: think we might have a leak.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Clara, 25 years in this industry has
dialog: taught me it’s always best to assume
dialog: that in this town, no matter where
dialog: you are, you’re never more than two
text: meters away from a rat.
text: Clara's pace fades, trying to process if there was an
text: implication being made there. Elizabeth strides into --
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY OF CONGRESS - READING ROOM - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: The vast main reading room of the world’s biggest library.
text: Giant marble columns, bronze statues set high up in the
text: balustrades, and the centerpiece - sunlight seeping through
text: arch windows beneath a huge, ornate dome.
text: The other eight members of the team work at a reading table.
text: Some have laptops, others scribble on notepads. Elizabeth and
text: Clara take their places. Throughout, Clara taps away on her
text: laptop, as if taking notes, not fully invested in the
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: Why are we meeting in a library?
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: Illinois has six Republicans in the
dialog: House, a little of this money would
dialog: go a long way to-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: OK, stop.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: We need to make up 25 votes, I was
dialog: thinking we contribute to Russell,
dialog: Stefanovic-
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Screw contributions, we’d be toe-to-
dialog: toe with the Lobby and we’d lose.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I said stop.
text: ON CLARA’S LAPTOP SCREEN: she sets up a new Facebook account.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Tell me you haven't already spent it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We’re gonna take this money and use
dialog: it to send a message. We’re going to
dialog: swing a state we have absolutely no
dialog: right to swing.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Please God, don’t say...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Florida. This right here is our
dialog: turning point.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: You’re aware that America now calls
dialog: Florida “The Gunshine State”?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I’m being optimistic for a change, I
dialog: thought you’d approve.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: The whole five hundred grand, gone?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: Out the door.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: (in jest)
dialog: Serves me right for hiring a woman.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Sexism from a Democrat, well I never.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Almost as shocking as you being
dialog: optimistic.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Look around you. Magnificent
text: architecture, peace, quiet, and every
dialog: worthwhile text ever published.
dialog: What’s missing?
text: The team look out at the huge, brilliant space. An OLD GUY
text: sleeps at a table nowhere near us. A few TOURISTS walk around
text: the outskirts, snap photos, mesmerized by the giant dome.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Tumbleweed? This place is a ghost
dialog: town.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Correct. This is where Mr. and Mrs.
dialog: Public do not reside. We’re reading
dialog: fewer books than ever. Persuasion
dialog: through long-winded argumentation
dialog: doesn’t work, who has time when we
dialog: have screens to stare at?
text: Elizabeth aims a pointed look at Clara, whose attention is
text: consumed by her laptop. She eventually looks up at Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: MASS GROAN.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: We need to market Heaton-Harris the
dialog: same way they market Big Macs. We're
dialog: dropping direct mail pamphlets and
dialog: buying ad space online instead. Alex,
dialog: you're in charge of the banners, you
text: have a two o’clock with JWT on 14th
text: Street. Now, to the phone banks.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: I liked you better as the merchant of
dialog: doom.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: Elizabeth. I’m familiar with the
dialog: Democrat campaign machinery in
dialog: Illinois, if I get out there, I can
dialog: deliver at least two-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I want two phone pitches by end of
dialog: tomorrow. Clara, Brian, Lauren,
dialog: you're team one, Cynthia, Esme,
dialog: Franklin, you’re team two. Ross,
dialog: provide stats to both.
dialog: (to Esme)
dialog: When you’re done here, you get
dialog: started in Illinois.
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Now, the second reason we’re here is
dialog: that I’d like you all to read
dialog: Packard's exposé of psychological
dialog: techniques of commercial advertisers
dialog: from 1957-
dialog: "Oh Gods”.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: - Which remains dead on point in
dialog: today’s world of i-nonsense.
dialog: 57.
text: Clara’s attention is distracted by something on her SCREEN: a
text: friend request from ALEX DE JONG. The message reads:
dialog: Welcome back to civilization :)
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: As you all know, good marketing
dialog: burrows insidiously into your
text: target’s brain and results in action,
dialog: for example, buying a Big Mac.
text: Clara glances to Alex, his laptop open in front of him. He
text: gives her a smile, knowing she got the request. Clara notices
text: Elizabeth eyeing them, and she expertly recovers:
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Our phone pitch has to “burrow
dialog: insidiously into Floridian brains?”
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes. And so too your ad banners. They
dialog: must burrow so deep, your targets are
dialog: inspired to flood their elected
dialog: official with pro-Heaton-Harris
dialog: letters, and use those delightful
dialog: social networks to implore their
dialog: friends to do likewise. Now, read the
dialog: exposé, and take to the media-verse!
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Good thing I’m back on Facebook.
text: Clara didn’t do much to mask her supercilious tone. Alex
text: closes his laptop and gets up, a little smirk on his face.
dialog: It’s not lost on Clara.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Super. Their pompous shareholders can
dialog: breathe again.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: It’s a public company.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Better still, I can profit personally
dialog: from your compulsion to tell the
dialog: world what you ate for breakfast.
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: I take it all back, God bless e-
dialog: America.
dialog: (on her way out)
dialog: Everyone, get to it!
scene_heading: GUN CONTROL MINI-MONTAGE:
text: - A strong turnout at a GUN CONTROL MARCH, anti-gun banners
text: waved, alongside pictures of a YOUNG GIRL.
text: - WORKERS plaster the finishing touches on a huge BILLBOARD in
text: Times Square. ONE KID KILLED BY A GUN EVERY 3 HOURS
text: - A van with a large billboard in its trailer tours a city
text: center. 150 AMERICANS SHOT DAILY // YOU COULD BE NEXT.
text: - A large and vociferous gathering outside a city hall.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: Members of a group called Ceasefire
dialog: PA rallied outside Senator Jim
dialog: Mandel’s office in Philadelphia,
text: after a man opened fire in a park,
dialog: killing a fourteen year-old girl-
text: SENATOR MANDEL stands at a lectern outside his office, and has
text: to shout over chants of WE WANT CHANGE.
speaker_heading: SENATOR MANDEL
dialog: I‘1l vote to put the issue of renewed
dialog: background checks on the Senate
dialog: floor, and I will support the Heaton-
dialog: Harris Amendment!
text: The crowd ERUPTS. The Senator beams. Everyone’s happy.
text: - A BIG GREEN TICK is stuck over Senator Mandel's face.
text: - A BIG RED SLASH over another Congressman’s face. Dollar
text: signs drawn in his eyes. A GREEN TICK over another.
text: - 11 VOTES LOCKED, 23 TO GO is scrawled on a whiteboard,
scene_heading: underneath - DAYS TO VOTE: 148.
scene_heading: INT. POSNER’S OFFICE - DAY - PRESENT
text: Back to present day. A muddle of boxes and files. Posner
text: crosses items off a checklist, while Elizabeth talks to
text: HARRISON (60s), a long-time ally.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: Tax avoidance. Any offshore bank
dialog: accounts, undeclared income?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
text: Posner crosses it off. He does this with every new query.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: Look, if I'm interrupting, I can-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Not at all. What can I do for you,
dialog: Harrison?
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: There’s no more you could possibly do
dialog: for me, Liz. Look, there’s no easy
dialog: way to say this-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Oh, thank God.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You've come to your senses. You’re
dialog: going to publicly flog me, and about
dialog: time too.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: I was going to use the term “distance
dialog: ourselves”.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Where’s the fun in that?
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: I have shareholders to think about.
dialog: From a PR standpoint... You...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Stop fumbling for a euphemism,
dialog: Harrison. I’m so toxic I glow in the
dialog: dark. You're doing absolutely the
dialog: right thing, and you’ve nothing to
dialog: apologize for.
text: Elizabeth reaches into a folder, pulls out a stack of papers.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: Recreational drug use?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to Posner)
dialog: No!
dialog: (to Harrison)
dialog: See these? Cards and letters of
dialog: apology from clients who felt they
dialog: had to do the same for the sake of
dialog: their business. Your corporate
dialog: spokesman will denounce me in the
dialog: strongest possible terms. I didn’t
dialog: help get you where you are only to
dialog: see you tarnished by this nonsense.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: This sucks.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: In your personal capacity as my
dialog: friend, yes. But you’re not
dialog: denouncing me as my friend, you're
dialog: denouncing me as CEO of Harper's,
dialog: who's duty-bound to act in the best
dialog: interests of his company. And right
dialog: now, that entails running from me as
dialog: fast as you can screaming evil.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: You'll get through this.
text: At that moment, Harrison goes to hug Elizabeth. She’s taken by
text: surprise, and panic flashes across her face for a fraction of
text: a second. She meets his embrace awkwardly, but begins to lean
text: into it. She closes her eyes, enjoying a fleeting moment of
text: release from the stress of her predicament.
text: The moment lasts a second too long, and Posner can’t help but
dialog: observe a side to Elizabeth he never knew existed.
text: Harrison smiles at her warmly, nods goodbye, and exits.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Never? I mean on the drug use.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh, I thought you were just talking
dialog: about this morning. No, never.
text: Posner sets down his pen and removes glasses from strained
text: eyes. He takes a moment to regard Elizabeth, who fastidiously
text: straightens papers on the desk to regain her composure.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: I can’t believe you're OK with your
dialog: most loyal client stomping on you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: He should have done it weeks ago.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Why don’t you quit? This place?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: I’ve known you long enough now to
dialog: surmise your feelings toward this
dialog: city. Sitting in that hearing,
dialog: listening to them go over your
dialog: medical records...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (stops; long pause)
dialog: I wanted to. But I can't. I can’t
dialog: imagine what in the world I would do.
dialog: I've been reading The Litigators for
dialog: the last two years, I haven’t made it
dialog: past a hundred pages. I’ve gone
dialog: through eleven doctors, they all want
dialog: rid of me for ignoring their
dialog: exhortations to slow down. I want to
dialog: slow down. But this job is the only
dialog: means I have of making myself useful.
text: She rests against the desk, stares reflectively upon the D.C.
text: cityscape beyond the floor-to-ceiling windows.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Did you know, ideology is dead? The
dialog: philosophies of the left and right
dialog: are driven by the self-interest of
dialog: those who advance them.
text: Elizabeth turns back to Posner, a wistful sadness lingering
text: behind her tired eyes.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Neither side cares for the merits of
dialog: their argument; they just happen to
dialog: spout it because it suits their
dialog: position in the world.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: They'd switch in a heartbeat if a
dialog: millionaire lost everything, or a
dialog: broke socialist won the lottery, or
dialog: better still, earned a fortune by
dialog: their own hand. People have no real
dialog: ideology. All their political
dialog: proclamations are governed solely by
dialog: 
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: That would include you?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Behind all of my conscious brain's
dialog: grandstanding, I would think so. I
dialog: don’t know why, but part of me wishes
dialog: I hadn’t ever realized that.
text: A meaningful silence overtakes the room. They both gaze upon
text: the dusking sun. Finally:
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Happy birthday, Elizabeth.
text: Elizabeth gently swivels her neck to face him. Takes in his
text: sincere expression. A touch flattered he knew of the occasion.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you, Daniel.
text: She returns her rueful stare to the high-powered world
text: sprawled out beyond the glass. And softly exhales.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. K STREET - DAY - PAST
scene_heading: SUPER: 4 MONTHS PRIOR
text: Elizabeth marches down the sidewalk towards Peterson Wyatt's
text: office and unloads into her cell phone. Rodolfo Schmidt busts
text: a lung to catch up to her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Gunshot victims cost the American
dialog: taxpayer $12 billion a year. That's
dialog: $32 per gun in circulation. Now get
dialog: your house in order.
text: She hangs up.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Liz Sloane, making a stand for the
text: taxpayer, even from the left.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Come off it. Heaton-Harris might get
text: three guns out of the hands of three
text: psychopaths, but the gun injury horse
text: has long bolted.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Was it ever in the stable?
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What’s up?
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: David Badgley, Senator from Michigan.
dialog: Came out in support months ago, but
dialog: he just gave a quote saying now he
dialog: wants to “wait and see”. His PAC
dialog: received twenty-five grand from the
dialog: Gun Lobby two weeks ago.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: A one-eighty.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: “Wait and see” were his words, so
dialog: it’s really more like a ninety.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We have him on celluloid pledging his
dialog: support?
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Bang to rights.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: So we'll just have to make him feel
dialog: it. Grand unveiling - you coming?
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: I have a con-call.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Make them wait.
dialog: glimmer in eye)
dialog: You’1l want to see this.
text: They enter the modern, glassy office building.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - DAY - PAST
text: The team sit around the table, and flip through tabbed binders
text: of documents, which contain sample AD BANNERS, PHONE PITCH
text: SCRIPTS, and verification materials.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Alex, these are... Good!
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: They're burrowing insidiously into
dialog: your brains as you read.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Hold on, the numbers are wrong. The
dialog: House delegations, Florida has 27-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We’re not going to Florida.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Florida’s out.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: But you said, we’re gonna swing
dialog: Florida, isn’t that what this is-
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Turn to Tab Twelve, please.
text: They do. Team members remove an ENVELOPE, and take out what
text: appear to be photos. Faces go blank.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I don’t have anything at Tab Twelve-
text: Cynthia peers over at Brian’s photos - long distance shots, a
text: telephoto lens - Cynthia meets Connors on a park bench.
dialog: Rodolfo is already on the phone:
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Security, we’re in Cl, get in here.
dialog: Lock down Cynthia Green’s office,
dialog: secure her files and hard drives, and
text: escort her off the premises.
text: He hangs up. To Cynthia:
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Your Blackberry, now.
text: Cynthia is speechless. Rodolfo HAMMERS his fist on tempered
dialog: glass.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Now!
text: Cynthia fumbles her Blackberry onto the table.
text: SECURITY GUARDS enter.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: He offered me a partnership track...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Good luck with that.
text: Cynthia is escorted out of the room. Rodolfo tosses the photos
text: onto the table in front of Elizabeth, and follows them out.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: (to Elizabeth; exiting)
dialog: We'll talk later.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: The whole Florida thing was a ruse?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I’m not that optimistic. But the Gun
dialog: Lobby just bought a cabal of
dialog: Floridian Congressmen they owned all
dialog: along, while we’re about to emerge
dialog: from left field and sweep Colorado
dialog: before they can figure out what hole
dialog: they just got screwed in.
dialog: 
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: We're taking this to Colorado?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You have tonight to re-write your
dialog: pitches. Get to it.
text: The entire team SCRAMBLES - half of them turn straight to
dialog: Ross, and ask for stats and info.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Eeeuuuugggghhh.
scene_heading: INT. REMOVAL VAN - DAY - PAST
text: The inside of a van has been transformed into a mobile
text: surveillance unit. Elizabeth introduces Rodolfo to BIG SAM and
text: LITTLE SAM, who sit at home with high-end equipment.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Meet my unofficial support team.
speaker_heading: BIG SAM
dialog: Hi. Call me Big Sam.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SAM
dialog: Little Sam.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: I'd introduce myself, but judging by
dialog: this set-up, you may already know me
dialog: very well.
speaker_heading: BIG SAM
dialog: There are six of us, four are out on
dialog: assignment.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: And you’re ex..?
speaker_heading: BIG SAM
dialog: NSA.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: So Badgley’s flip-flopping. In my
dialog: experience, the quickest way to bring
dialog: him in line is to mine for sordid
dialog: details and let him know we’re in
dialog: possession of them.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: What exactly are you gentlemen
dialog: capable of?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SAM
dialog: Standard 24-hour audio and video
dialog: surveillance, cell phone and online
dialog: account hacking, financial
dialog: transactions, location tracking, and,
dialog: with our latest tech, close-quarters
dialog: audio, anytime, any place.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: How’d you manage that one?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SAM
dialog: You know the expression ‘a fly on the
dialog: wall’? We’re not that small yet,
dialog: but...
dialog: 65.
text: Little Sam reaches for a plastic container for a small pet,
text: perhaps a lizard or a gerbil. He pulls out a COCKROACH.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SAM
dialog: Meet the cutting edge in
text: eavesdropping.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: It’s a cockroach.
speaker_heading: BIG SAM
dialog: Yes. It can be retro-fitted as a
text: cybernetic robo-roach with this.
text: Big Sam holds up a tiny ‘electronic backpack’.
speaker_heading: BIG SAM
text: We glue electrodes to the legs,
dialog: perforate its thorax, and we can
dialog: control its movement remotely.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Don't call PETA, Schmidt.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SAM
text: Incorporated into the backpack is a
text: class A listening device. Gone are
dialog: the days of manual bugging. These
dialog: guys can crawl under doors, into
text: crevices, bags, cars, undetected.
dialog: They can go without food for weeks
dialog: and still be mobile.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: My God...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: If there’s anything in his life worth
dialog: excavating, these guys won’t take
dialog: long to get it.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
text: It’s mind-boggling, ingenious, and
dialog: completely unacceptable.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Booooo.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: You're talking about blackmailing a
dialog: member of Congress, and I won’t
dialog: entertain it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're only here because I figured
dialog: you might say that.
text: Rodolfo regards her. Is she testing his ethics?
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Now, I appreciate that you often
dialog: employ more creative tactics - to
dialog: great effect, I might add - and,
dialog: without prejudice to the undoubtedly
dialog: stellar job you guys do... Our firm
dialog: has certain standards below which
dialog: we're simply not prepared to stoop.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Rodolfo. I wouldn’t have it any other
dialog: way.
text: Now she regards him. He is a different animal than George
dialog: Dupont.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Good. Find an alternative.
text: Rodolfo Schmidt exits the van. Elizabeth makes a phone call:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Johnny! Liz. I’m going to need the
dialog: largest inflatable rat you've got.
scene_heading: INT. “INFLATABLES R US” STORE - DAY - PAST
text: Elizabeth and Clara walk through a maze of inflated
text: superheroes on display for moms planning a garden party.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: You knew there was a leak from when?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I had my suspicions after the AMA
dialog: fundraiser.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: And you had her watched? By a PI?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That’s right. Ah, here we are.
text: They arrive at a GIANT INFLATABLE RAT.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Say hello to Senator Badgley’s new
dialog: best friend.
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Johnny! Wrap it up!
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: How did you know it was her?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: The leak - you had Cynthia watched,
dialog: how did you know it was her?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I didn’t. I had you all watched.
text: Elizabeth walks off.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BALLROOM - NIGHT - PAST
text: Influential figures from business and politics rub shoulders
text: and clink champagne flutes. The placard at the entrance tells
dialog: us we're at a charity dinner for the prevention of sexual
text: violence in conflict. The disconnect is glaring.
text: FORDE stands in a small circle of ATTENDEES with his CLIENT, a
text: Vera Wang-clad corporate career woman in her 30s. His posture
dialog: and demeanor are different here; in character, he is polished
text: and gentlemanly. He fits right in.
speaker_heading: MALE ATTENDEE
dialog: So we reached the 18th, and I knew
dialog: all I needed was par to win-
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: I thought the golden rule was to
dialog: never beat your client?
speaker_heading: MALE ATTENDEE
text: Exactly! But he tees off and shanks
dialog: it into the boonies, how the hell am
dialog: I not gonna win this?!
text: Polite LAUGHTER from the circle.
speaker_heading: FEMALE ATTENDEE
dialog: (to Forde)
dialog: Calvin, do you get the chance to golf
dialog: down in Austin?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Not nearly as much as I'd like to. I
dialog: got a set of Titleist irons gathering
dialog: dust in my garage. All the gear, and
dialog: no idea.
text: More phoney LAUGHTER. Forde’s client touches him on the arm.
speaker_heading: CLIENT
dialog: Excuse me a moment, dear.
text: She goes to the ladies’ room. Forde’s eye catches something,
text: and he peels off from the circle after perfunctory farewells.
text: ELSEWHERE in the ballroom, Elizabeth empties a glass of
text: champagne and returns the flute to a passing waiter.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Howdy. Cal Sneider, I’m in banking
dialog: and actuarial. You know, you look
dialog: familiar to me...
text: Elizabeth regards him with no recognition whatsoever.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I’m sorry, I think you have the wrong
dialog: person.
text: She moves away, uncomfortable. He pursues.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: You can do better than that.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Really, Mr. Sneider, I’ve no idea who
dialog: you think I am. Excuse me.
text: She walks away. Forde watches her go, bemused.
text: FROM A CORNER of the ballroom, R.M. Dutton has observed the
dialog: whole exchange.
scene_heading: INT. COLE, KRAVITZ AND WATERMAN - STRATEGY ROOM - DAY - PAST
text: Connors watches the TV, pissed. ON THE TV - CONGRESSMAN
text: BADGLEY of Michigan fights through press and anti-gun
text: protesters in the shadow of a GIANT RAT.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: I can’t fucking believe they’re
dialog: showing - can you fucking believe - I
dialog: don't fucking believe.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Eight of the top ten national news
dialog: outlets are running it.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: She’s bought them - she’s bought the
dialog: whole goddam-—
speaker_heading: R.M. DUTTON
dialog: She doesn’t need to buy them, they
dialog: swing left all on their own.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: He took that twenty-five grand, we
dialog: need to make it crystal clear to him
text: what happens if he backs down.
speaker_heading: R.M. DUTTON
dialog: I think someone just beat us to it.
speaker_heading: JANE
text: It has its own Twitter feed.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: The rat.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY - PAST
text: A dejected Congressman Badgley sits through a strategy meeting
text: with his SPIN DOCTOR.
speaker_heading: SPIN DOCTOR
dialog: Every day that thing follows you
dialog: around, the more people at the
dialog: protests, the more voters are-
text: They're both distracted by the ominous specter of a giant RAT
text: EAR, visible in the window. It ‘waddles’ outside throughout, a
text: big stupid grin on its face.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN BADGLEY
dialog: How do we get this fucking thing out
dialog: of my face?
speaker_heading: SPIN DOCTOR
dialog: Ride it out. Might take weeks. Enough
dialog: time to forge a career-long
dialog: association between you and a giant
dialog: rodent. Or you can clarify your
dialog: position on Heaton-Harris.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN BADGLEY
dialog: Can I just stick a knife in it?
speaker_heading: SPIN DOCTOR
dialog: If you want the entire news cycle to
dialog: yourself, be my guest.
text: Congressman Badgley buries his head in his hands and SIGHS.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - NIGHT - PAST
text: SLAP. Congressman Badgley’s mugshot is the latest to get a big
text: green tick stuck over it.
text: SLOWLY PULL BACK to reveal the team working quietly,
text: efficiently. Brian, who just stuck on the tick, talks on his
dialog: cell and updates the whiteboard to:
text: DAYS TO VOTE: 98. 18 VOTES LOCKED, 16 TO GO.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: You know we're not supposed to be
dialog: having this conversation, right?
dialog: CROSS-CUT between Brian, and...
scene_heading: INT. TV STUDIO - BACKSTAGE - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: Elizabeth, having her make-up done, hating every second.
dialog: INTERCUT with strategy room where necessary:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: There’s no way in hell Rosen is
dialog: tacking on his Assault Weapons Ban to
dialog: Heaton-Harris.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (INTO PHONE)
text: It’s kind of flattering he sees it as
dialog: a moving train though, right?
text: Rodolfo Schmidt sees Brian on the phone.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Is that her?
text: Busted, Brian hands it over.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT (INTO PHONE) (CONT’D)
dialog: I thought we agreed you’d focus on
dialog: the debate, for just thirty minutes-—
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: The Assault Weapons Ban is a vote-
dialog: winning ploy which sounds appealing
dialog: to the uninformed. It’s Potemkin
dialog: legislation designed to help Rosen
text: keep his hand in the cookie jar. It
dialog: doesn’t help people, it helps him.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Banning assault weapons doesn’t help
dialog: people? Say, people who might
dialog: otherwise have been victims of
dialog: assault weapons?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: You rest my case on the ‘uninformed’.
text: All guns are assault weapons, the AWB
dialog: bans cosmetic features like pistol
dialog: grips. I don’t remember too many gun
text: victims being beaten to death with a
dialog: telescoping stock. The sum total of
text: the AWB is that it makes gun-wielding
text: lunatics look a little less scary as
dialog: they kill people.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT (INTO PHONE)
dialog: I see you’re in the mood for war,
dialog: that’s good. Focus on the debate.
scene_heading: INT. ANDERSON COOPER 360 - NIGHT - PAST
dialog: 
text: Connors sits in stone-faced silence. ANDERSON COOPER smiles at
text: him amiably, but Connors stonewalls him, clearly not a fan.
text: Elizabeth steps onto set. Harsh lighting already annoying her.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Liz! If you’re thinking I’m gonna go
dialog: easy, I can’t do that.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON COOPER
dialog: Ms. Sloane, please, take a-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to Connors)
dialog: Making bullshit job offers to my
dialog: staff, you’ve plumbed new depths.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
text: The student becomes the master.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Really? How much did you spend again
dialog: to secure Florida?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: You taught me how to control a
dialog: Congressional office. Offer to double
dialog: their chief of staff’s money when his
dialog: term’s up, he’s all yours-—
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That's different. You just ruined
dialog: that young lady’s career.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Me? She’s not paying for her bad
dialog: call? Or does individual
dialog: responsibility no longer exist? You
dialog: really have gone soft and liberal.
speaker_heading: PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: Live in four, three, two...
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: Packed house, popcorn being consumed by the bucket. ON TV:
scene_heading: ANDERSON COOPER (ON TV; FILTERED)
dialog: Hello, and welcome to this special
dialog: edition of Anderson Cooper 360.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: You used to work with this guy?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Connors? Yeah. Loud, foul-mouthed,
dialog: and very effective.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: But she can take him, right?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Put it this way: I wouldn’t want to
text: be either of the men at that table.
scene_heading: INT. ANDERSON COOPER 360 - NIGHT - PAST
text: Mid-debate. Anderson Cooper, little more than a spectator,
text: looks like he hasn’t blinked in ten minutes.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: This is the latest incursion into
dialog: individual liberty by an all-powerful
dialog: federal government-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What, like drivers’ licenses?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Drivers’ licenses? I’m not really
text: seeing the connection.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It's illegal to operate a car without
dialog: going through rigorous theoretical
dialog: and practical assessments, that’s a
dialog: clear constraint on the freedom of
dialog: individuals to drive cars, as with
dialog: pilots to fly planes.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - CONTINUOUS - PAST
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Fugu chefs. Come on. Fugu chefs!
scene_heading: INT. DEMOCRATIC PARTY HO, ILLINOIS - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: A cluttered campaign office. Esme and a group of STAFFERS eat
text: takeout, glued to the TV.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (ON TV; FILTERED)
dialog: In Japan, chefs have to train for
dialog: seven years before they’re allowed to
dialog: serve a poisonous blowfish called
dialog: fugu-
scene_heading: ANDERSON COOPER (ON TV; FILTERED)
dialog: We're deviating slightly off topic-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (ON TV; FILTERED)
dialog: Do you think the government should
dialog: abolish drivers’ licences?
text: Esme can’t suppress her smile as Elizabeth cuts into Connors,
text: about to twist the knife.
speaker_heading: CONNORS (ON TV; FILTERED)
dialog: Of course not-
scene_heading: INT. ANDERSON COOPER 360 - CONTINUOUS - PAST
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Why, they’re a government incursion
dialog: on individual liberty, are they not?
dialog: We accept them because they make
dialog: sense; the more dangerous the
dialog: machinery, the more rigorous the
dialog: tests should be. We wouldn’t want
dialog: unfit drivers in cars any more than
dialog: novice pilots flying 747s, because
dialog: dangerous machinery in the wrong
dialog: hands poses a threat to public
dialog: safety. I think we can extend our
dialog: definition of ‘dangerous machinery’
text: to semi-automatic firearms.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - CONTINUOUS - PAST
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: That’s his cue...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Go on, bite you son-of-a-bitch.
dialog: ON THE TV:
speaker_heading: CONNORS (ON TV; FILTERED)
dialog: The Second Amendment to the
dialog: Constitution doesn’t guarantee the
dialog: right to drive cars, it guarantees
dialog: the right to keep and bear arms.
text: CHEERS from members of the team. Alex and Clara hi-five.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Boom!
scene_heading: INT. ANDERSON COOPER 360 - CONTINUOUS - PAST
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: The Second Amendment was signed in a
dialog: time where the average life
dialog: expectancy was 38, and the population
dialog: of the largest city in America would
text: fit inside the Orange Bowl.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: What may have been perfectly sensible
dialog: in those alien times is wholly
dialog: inadequate to solve the problems of
dialog: the present.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: The Constitution is the highest legal
dialog: document in the land, it’s
text: unimpeachable and explicit, ‘the
dialog: right of the people to keep and bear
dialog: arms shall not be infringed.’
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Nothing is unimpeachable, not even
text: the Constitution. The clue lies in
dialog: the title of the very legislation
dialog: you’re so quick to parrot.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON COOPER
dialog: Hold on Liz, now that’s a very
text: forceful argument; the wording of the
dialog: Second Amendment is explicit-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Really? Do you find it forceful?
speaker_heading: ANDERSON COOPER
dialog: Well, ah, I’m just saying, a lot of
dialog: people would-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Because I find it the weakest, most
text: mind-numbing retort in their arsenal;
dialog: sort of a last refuge for those with
dialog: no real argument at all-
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: You're talking about the United
dialog: States Constitution-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And I can’t stand to see people hide
text: behind it just as they hide behind
dialog: the Bible to deny gay people rights.
dialog: Literalists need to stop reciting
dialog: their sacred parchments and exercise
dialog: their brain power. If they can
dialog: produce a rational winning argument,
dialog: I'll gladly migrate to their side,
dialog: but ‘because it says so in the
dialog: Constitution, the Bible, or my
dialog: horoscope’ is not a winning argument.
dialog: It’s a ripcord; the intellectual
text: equivalent of a yellow, pant-pissing
text: wimp cowering behind mommy's skirt.
text: Deathly silence. Elizabeth and Connors eyeball each other.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON COOPER
dialog: OK, time out! We’re going for a
dialog: break, and when we come back, maybe
dialog: these two will stop playing so nice
dialog: and the gloves’1ll really come off.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to Connors)
dialog: Still think I’ve gone soft?
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - OFFICE FLOOR - NIGHT - PAST
text: Later that night. Everyone has gone home. Elizabeth kicks off
text: her shoes, reclines in a chair and reads The Washington Post.
text: Rodolfo Schmidt approaches, catches her unaware.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: You ever sleep?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Not when I’m 16 votes short.
dialog: (re: Washington Post)
dialog: This sometimes does the trick.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: You put on quite a show.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: He had it coming.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: You really believe Heaton-Harris is
dialog: going to make a big difference...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: America’s awash with guns. They’re a
dialog: art of our culture, that’s
dialog: irreversible. But the stakes are such
dialog: that Heaton-Harris doesn’t need to
dialog: make a big difference. If it keeps
text: one gun out of the hands of one
dialog: lunatic, that could be the difference
dialog: between the life and death of an
dialog: innocent civilian. And all our work
dialog: would have been worth it.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Did you know someone..? Someone who
dialog: was a victim of gun-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, why does everybody assume that?
dialog: It’s insulting.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: It’s not insulting, it’s-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It's insulting, it implies I can only
dialog: see the merits of an argument when I
dialog: feel the effects personally.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: There was a Congressman, I forget his
dialog: name - spent his entire career
dialog: opposing gay rights, only to do a U-
dialog: turn when his brother came out. How
dialog: absurd is that? His whole life, it’s
dialog: disgusting and he’s against it, but
dialog: suddenly it’s OK because his brother
dialog: does it? What a well-reasoned basis
dialog: for an opinion. Quick, someone give
dialog: this man a gavel and put him ina
dialog: courthouse!
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: I see you’re still in kill mode.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I only have one setting, you should
dialog: know that by now.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Well, then I‘'1l just say I didn’t
dialog: mean to insult you and leave it at
dialog: that.
text: Rodolfo steps to the door, but stops -
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Liz?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thank you for doing this.
text: They regard one another before he takes his leave. The
text: sentiment lingers behind her softening eyes. Then she thrusts
text: The Washington Post back up into her line of vision as we --
text: CUT TO BLACK. A moment’s silence.
scene_heading: AUTOMATED TELEPHONE VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Caller --
speaker_heading: CLARA (0.S., FILTERED)
dialog: Clara Thomson
scene_heading: AUTOMATED TELEPHONE VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Has entered the conference.
speaker_heading: CLARA (0.S., FILTERED)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC BENCH - DAY - PAST
text: Alex sits sentry outside a fancy restaurant, phone to his ear.
text: Gaze firmly fixed on the entrance.
speaker_heading: ALEX (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hey. We’re the first two on, I guess
dialog: we're a little early.
dialog: Intercut as necessary with --
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. DONUT FACTORY - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: A popular donuts and coffee chain. Clara sits at a table,
text: plugged into her laptop, stacks of papers in front of her.
speaker_heading: CLARA (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hey! OK, ah - d’you want me to dial
dialog: back in a couple minutes?
speaker_heading: ALEX (INTO PHONE)
dialog: You kidding? I’m going out of my mind
dialog: here. I should have been a sports
dialog: agent. This guy’s been at lunch for
dialog: the last two hours. Lunch is
dialog: literally his job.
speaker_heading: CLARA (INTO PHONE)
dialog: That can’t be good for your
dialog: waistline. What’s he look like?
text: Alex flips open a file and regards a bio mugshot of a fat,
text: porcine SPORTS AGENT.
speaker_heading: ALEX (INTO PHONE)
dialog: You have a point.
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: Anyway, while we’re on that topic...
dialog: One of these days, if you’re not too
dialog: busy, I was thinking maybe we could-
scene_heading: AUTOMATED TELEPHONE VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Caller --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.S., FILTERED)
dialog: (sarcastic deadpan)
dialog: The Easter Bunny and her Merry Little
dialog: Helper.
scene_heading: AUTOMATED TELEPHONE VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Has entered the conference.
scene_heading: THREE-WAY INTERCUT with --
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: Elizabeth and Rodolfo Schmidt hover over a conference phone on
dialog: speaker.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Who do we have so far?
speaker_heading: ALEX (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Me and Clara.
dialog: (quick correction)
dialog: Clara and I.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hey guys. Let’s give it a couple
dialog: minutes then.
speaker_heading: CLARA (INTO PHONE)
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Alex, why don’t you go ahead and
dialog: finish your thought? Maybe we
dialog: could..?
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: ALEX (INTO PHONE)
dialog: (panic; in a bind)
dialog: I was just spit-balling, ah, maybe we
dialog: could - go see Mel Whitman,
dialog: Congressman Perez's chief of staff,
dialog: lock up his vote once and for all-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: The same Perez who appeared on Good
dialog: Morning America last week, beating
dialog: the Heaton-Harris drum? I hardly
dialog: think that’s the best use of your
dialog: time. Speaking of which, what the
dialog: hell are you two-
scene_heading: AUTOMATED TELEPHONE VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Caller --
speaker_heading: ESME (0.S., FILTERED)
dialog: Esme Manucharian.
scene_heading: AUTOMATED TELEPHONE VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Has entered the conference.
scene_heading: FOUR-WAY INTERCUT with --
scene_heading: INT. DEMOCRATIC PARTY HO, ILLINOIS - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: Esme is on both her cell and a landline intermittently, as she
text: shouts over the DIN of CROSS-TALK and RINGING PHONES in this
dialog: campaign boiler room.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: (into landline)
dialog: Hold just a second please.
dialog: (into cell)
dialog: Illinois says hi, guys. We're
dialog: gaining, I’m doing the rounds on
dialog: local TV, I’m on again tomorrow
text: morning. Rumor out of Perry’s camp is
dialog: that he’s gonna come out in favor
dialog: early next week.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Sounds like time well spent. Clara?
speaker_heading: CLARA (INTO PHONE)
text: In a Donut Factory, going over
dialog: polling data.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: In a Donut Factory?
speaker_heading: CLARA (INTO PHONE)
dialog: You know, with Joe and Jane Public?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Very well. Alex?
speaker_heading: ALEX (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Getting nothing from sports agents.
dialog: None wanna stick their heads above
dialog: the parapet ‘cause it’ll limit their
dialog: clients’ commercial appeal.
dialog: Apparently, we’re not cool enough.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Where are you now?
speaker_heading: ALEX (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Waiting for Seth Leventhal to roll
text: his fat ass out of Mario’s Trattoria.
dialog: Been trying to set up a meeting with
dialog: this pear-shaped bastard all last
dialog: week, so now I’m just gonna ambush
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hold off. The solution’s right there.
dialog: If Heaton-Harris isn’t cool enough-
scene_heading: AUTOMATED TELEPHONE VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Caller --
speaker_heading: ROSS (0.S., FILTERED)
dialog: Hel -- Hello? How do I get this thing
dialog: to w-
scene_heading: AUTOMATED TELEPHONE VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Has entered the conference.
scene_heading: FIVE-WAY INTERCUT with --
scene_heading: EXT. BUSY URBAN PEDESTRIAN-ONLY ZONE - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: Ross speaks into a cell phone while Franklin conducts
text: pedestrian surveys in this crowded shopping thoroughfare.
speaker_heading: ROSS (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hello? We’re here!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Ross, let me guess: your highly
dialog: complex and refined survey of
dialog: American youth is about to tell us
dialog: that Heaton-Harris isn’t cool enough.
speaker_heading: ROSS (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Quite the understatement. Listen to
dialog: this...
text: Ross puts his phone on speaker and accosts a SHOPPER (20s).
speaker_heading: ROSS (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me, are you in favor of more
dialog: thorough background checks for gun
dialog: owners?
speaker_heading: SHOPPER
dialog: Yeah, definitely, with everything
dialog: that’s going on with all the, like,
dialog: shootings and stuff-
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Have you ever heard of the Heaton-
dialog: Harris Amendment?
speaker_heading: SHOPPER
dialog: That a colon cleanser?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Thank you, that’s all I needed.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You get that?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Alex, if it’s not cool enough, the
dialog: solution is to make it cooler. Your
dialog: agents would talk their sports-star
dialog: clients into endorsing it all by
dialog: themselves. Where the hell’s Brian
dialog: when you need-
scene_heading: AUTOMATED TELEPHONE VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Caller --
speaker_heading: BRIAN (0.S., FILTERED)
dialog: Brian and Lauren here.
scene_heading: AUTOMATED TELEPHONE VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Has entered the conference.
scene_heading: SIX-WAY INTERCUT, with --
scene_heading: INT. EDITING STUDIO - CONTINUOUS - PAST
dialog: 
text: Brian and Lauren sit with two EDITORS in a cutting room,
text: sharing a headphone each and the phone receiver.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hey guys, the TV spot’s almost done.
dialog: We'll be good to submit it to the NFL
dialog: for opening day clearance by the end
dialog: of the week.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Good. Now we’re all here, let’s get
dialog: to it. Ross?
speaker_heading: ROSS (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Levels of support aren’t the problem,
dialog: the problem is that we’re not
dialog: reaching enough people, so support
text: doesn't translate into action.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Our message is good. We just need a
dialog: big enough platform to blast it out
dialog: so that everyone can hear it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Any of our friends in the media will
dialog: tell you that’s only accomplished
dialog: with scandal and controversy. Our
dialog: message isn’t penetrating to younger
text: voters, most of whom are pro, but few
dialog: of whom are politically active. In
dialog: short, we need to make gun control
dialog: cool. Brian, you have a background in
dialog: marketing.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: We could use a meme. Like a slogan, a
dialog: unit of cultural-
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: I’ve read Dawkins, I know what a meme
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: You don’t reach these guys with
dialog: direct mail pamphlets.
text: Brian notices that a hip young Editor beside him is engrossed
text: in her phone.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (INTO PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: You reach them on their smart phones.
text: IN THE DONUT FACTORY, Clara listens to the conversation while
text: staring into her laptop SCREEN: Alex’s friend request remains
text: unanswered. The cursor hovers above ACCEPT. She hits it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Let's do it. They’re young, gullible,
text: easily manipulated, and move in
text: herds.
text: ON THE BENCH, Alex half-listens, on his tablet. Something on
text: his screen gets his attention - Clara’s Facebook notification.
text: Alex smiles to himself.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: So what’s our meme?
text: Crickets.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, I’m no good at platitudes,
dialog: but we have at least four democrats
dialog: on the team. You’re supposed to be
dialog: all creative. Come up with something.
text: She flicks off the speaker phone, abruptly ending the call.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - DAY - PAST
dialog: 
text: Ross, Alex, Clara, Brian, and Franklin sit around the table,
text: bereft of ideas. Ross writes something in his notebook.
text: Everyone looks at him eagerly. He notices.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: No, I’m just reminding myself to buy
text: a new toothbrush.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: Now there’s empty pizza boxes and beer bottles littered atop
text: the table. Esme is on speaker phone:
speaker_heading: ESME (0.S., FILTERED)
dialog: Here’s what I got: most people are
dialog: pro-Heaton-Harris, but in their minds
dialog: only. If they want change, they need
dialog: to get politically active, maybe for
dialog: the first time in their lives. They
dialog: need to get loud. Therefore...
dialog: #GetLoud.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Talk is cheap; it’s actions that
dialog: count. Change is brought about not by
dialog: words but by actions: letters,
text: petitions, marching on town halls.
dialog: It's kinda long, but... Actions Speak
dialog: Louder Than Guns.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: How about this: eighty percent say
dialog: they want change, but how many are
dialog: prepared to do something about it?
dialog: How many are prepared to be the
dialog: change? It's a quote from Gandhi. Be
dialog: the change that you wish to see in
dialog: the world. #BeTheChange.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.S.)
dialog: That one makes me want to puke more
text: than the other two put together.
text: They look to Elizabeth, hovering in the background.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Really? You don’t like it?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Don’t like it? I despise it with
dialog: every fiber of my being. We're
dialog: running with that one.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - RODOLFO’S OFFICE - DAY - PAST
text: Rodolfo works quietly at his desk, while Elizabeth sits on the
text: couch, on her cell, mid-rant:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: We've crafted the message already,
dialog: and yes, it conforms to the word
dialog: limit for the attentionally
dialog: challenged youth of today.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Of course not, I got one of our cool
dialog: people to do it.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: No Ari, not Matt Damon. We’ve already
dialog: got the Damon crowd, we want the
dialog: Timberlake crowd.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Not politically interested but all
text: too willing to board a bandwagon.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Beaver? Look, get him too. Get as
dialog: many taste-makers as you can to
dialog: regurgitate it. Re-tweet, whatever,
dialog: just herd the damn sheep, would you?
text: She hangs up on him. Immediately starts making another call.
text: Rodolfo smirks and shakes his head a little.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (TO RODOLFO)
dialog: What?
text: Rodolfo just shrugs. Someone answers Elizabeth's call:
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (ON PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Tracey Jacobs, please.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Liz Sloane.
text: As she waits, Elizabeth glances over to Rodolfo again, and
text: notices a framed photo on his desk: Rodolfo and his wife with
text: close friends at a ski resort in Chamonix. Mont Blanc towers
text: over them in the background.
text: The group stand tight, skis buried in powder; all look relaxed
text: and happy. Elizabeth's face softens, pensive.
text: Someone picks up and she SNAPS back to reality. Moment over.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (ON PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Tracey, hi. I’m fine. I need you to
dialog: make some calls.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS:
dialog: - Justin Timberlake’s Twitter page. #BeTheChange is all we
text: need to see. Other celebrities follow suit.
text: - ‘Retweet’ and ‘Favorite’ are clicked repeatedly.
text: - FACEBOOK pages light up with gun control posts and images.
scene_heading: - NATIONAL TRENDS - #BeTheChange is first on the list.
text: - A bevy of American sports stars’ Twitter pages blitz the
text: cause. Kobe Bryant, Kevin Durant, LeBron James, Derek Jeter,
text: Tom Brady implore their legions of followers to #BeTheChange.
text: - The pedestrian area in Times Square is chock-full as
text: protesters clutching BE THE CHANGE banners and placards
text: merrily CHANT the mantra and soak in summer sunshine.
text: - AT AN ANONYMOUS TOWN HALL, a dusty old book rests on a
text: plinth beneath a sign that reads PUBLIC PETITIONS. A weary-
text: eyed JANITOR trudges in and gets a shock - members of the
text: public (some wear Be The Change T-shirts), male and female,
text: young and old, are queuing out the door to sign the book.
text: - SLAP SLAP SLAP. A glut of green ticks plastered over
text: Congressmen’s faces.
text: - The whiteboard reads DAYS TO VOTE: 76. A HAND erases the
text: numbers in 18 VOTES LOCKED, 16 TO GO and updates them - 22
text: VOTES LOCKED, 12 TO GO.
scene_heading: INT. COLE, KRAVITZ AND WATERMAN LLP - NIGHT - PAST
text: The pro-gun team (Ramirez, Travis, Wickham, Moore, Jane, R.M.
text: Dutton and a few more JUNIORS) endure a Connors tirade.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Be the change, be the change, I see
dialog: this bullshit everywhere I go.
dialog: They're walking all over us! We need
dialog: to counter this crap, right the fuck
dialog: now. Tell me one person in this room
dialog: has something.
text: Silence. Heads down.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: R.M. DUTTON
dialog: You got something?
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Got nothing.
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: This ain’t fair. They got lefties on
dialog: their team, they’re good at all that
dialog: creative shit.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: I'd like to see one of those fuckwits
text: in a bar fight.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - NIGHT - PAST
text: Brian and Clara eat takeout and shoot the shit.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: You think we ought to prepare for a
dialog: counter? I mean, we’re wide open.
dialog: They could just make Be The Change
dialog: into Beat The Change, as in, beat the
dialog: amendment.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Pull the trigger on gun control?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Heaton-Harris is... Heathen malice.
scene_heading: INT. COLE, KRAVITZ AND WATERMAN LLP - NIGHT - PAST
text: Blank stares all round.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Anything... Anybody...
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - NIGHT - PAST
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: No dilution of the Constitution.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Control criminals, not guns.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: So what d’you think? Should we prep
dialog: counters for some of these?
text: Both consider for a second. They look at each other.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Nah.
scene_heading: INT. COLE, KRAVITZ AND WATERMAN LLP - NIGHT - PAST
text: Connors snaps, breaks the silence.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Alright, fuck this. We’re gonna spend
dialog: big on TV spots, I want Clint
dialog: Eastwood directing Chuck Norris, no
dialog: expense spared.
text: The whole room breathes a SIGH of relief.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY
scene_heading: HOTEL - ROOM 409 - NIGHT - PAST
dialog: 
text: Elizabeth enters and closes the door softly behind her. It’s
text: bucketing rain outside and she’s half-soaked.
text: Forde sits at the desk and looks out the window at the deluge.
text: He turns to
text: She grabs a
text: look at her.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: You’re Madeline Elizabeth Sloane. You
dialog: work in government affairs at a
dialog: communications company.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Well, hooray for Google. “Government
dialog: affairs” and “communications” are
dialog: just fancy words for lobbying. The
dialog: only person to ever call me Madeline
dialog: was my mother.
text: towel and dries her hair, unperturbed.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: What was that? The other night? You
dialog: pretended like we were strangers.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: In public, we are.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: We were alone-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: In a room full of Washington's
dialog: finest. I can’t be associated with
dialog: you there, at least one other person
dialog: knew the truth about you.
text: It wasn’t intended, but Forde is a little hurt by this.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Yeah. I hear you lobbyists ain’t so
dialog: good with truth.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Says who? The man with four
text: identities, who sleeps with strangers
dialog: for money?
text: Elizabeth regrets that instantly. There is a moment’s silence
dialog: as Forde is
text: again reminded of his status as a leper.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: I work at my covers. I was just
dialog: surprised how much of a natural you
dialog: are. The way you just switched? You
dialog: need to teach me how to do that.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Decades of experience. Forde,
dialog: deception is an integral part of
dialog: social interaction. The average man
dialog: lies six times a day, women three.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: So I experienced.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: So what’s the problem?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: No problem. I’m fine.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You know, you just uttered the most
dialog: common lie told by both sexes.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Alright. It’s wrong. Satisfied?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That’s a little simplistic.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Guess I’m a simple guy.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Why then do you lie for a living?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Pays the bills faster than showin’
dialog: “Washington’s finest” how to use a
text: stairmaster.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: There are degrees of wrongness.
dialog: Immoral as a harmless lie may be, it
dialog: may be perfectly moral to tell a
dialog: hundred of them to prevent a truly
dialog: pernicious outcome. Lies and half-
dialog: truths are a lobbyist’s stock in
dialog: trade. But I’ve never deployed one
dialog: for a cause I didn’t believe in.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: (defeated shrug; beat)
dialog: So... We gettin’ down to business or
dialog: what?
text: Elizabeth hesitates. Things have changed. Her secret is out
text: and she no longer feels the need to be curt with him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Are you hungry? I wouldn’t mind...
dialog: Just ordering room service tonight.
text: Forde looks at her, intrigued. He straightens out, for the
text: first time with her feeling like he’s a respectable human, and
dialog: not a support system for his manhood.
text: LATER - Elizabeth and Forde sit over room service.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: You once told me this was pathetic.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: If you were a total stranger, it
dialog: would be.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Your line of work... It’s all ‘bout
dialog: reputation, right? Nobody’s gonna cut
dialog: ya any slack if they got dirt on you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Dirt has been known to end careers in
dialog: this town, yes.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I must be worth somethin’... You're
dialog: takin’ quite a risk, bein’ here.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It would only be a risk if I didn’t
dialog: trust your discretion. But I must
dialog: say, I didn’t expect you to be quite
dialog: so... Principled.
text: Elizabeth chuckles to herself sarcastically.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: You know, this is the closest I've
dialog: ever come to a date?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: You never been on a date?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I went about my business and got on
dialog: with my professional life; I took the
dialog: view that if I ever stumbled upon it,
dialog: I'd explore it. But I never sought it
dialog: out. Nor did I ‘stumble upon it’. So,
dialog: here we are.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: What’d you do in college? Don’t tell
dialog: me you were-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Studying, which is, after all, the
dialog: objective of college.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: It's fair to say you ‘n me had very
dialog: different objectives.
text: Elizabeth adjusts her Patek Philippe watch, regards it.
text: Retreats inside herself for a softened beat.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (slows down)
dialog: You know, I’m not from money. Quite
dialog: the opposite, in fact. Not many
dialog: people know that.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Can't say I ever thought about it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: When you’re growing up as an only
dialog: child, and you and your single mother
dialog: sleep together on the floor ‘cause
dialog: she can't afford a bed... Let’s just
dialog: say it focuses you. Distractions like
dialog: relationships pale into
dialog: insignificance.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: You don’t get lonely?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I've no time to get lonely. Speaking
dialog: of which...
text: Elizabeth reaches into her handbag and pulls out an envelope.
dialog: Hands it to
dialog: Elizabeth's
dialog: defensive.
text: Forde. He does not take it.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: For what? Tonight’s my night off.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What d’you mean?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: I didn’t work tonight. I had dinner
dialog: with a friend. As it would happen, a
dialog: single, female friend. Maybe next
dialog: time we can get together for that
dialog: coffee ya were so quick to shoot
dialog: down.
text: demeanor changes. She withdraws, becomes
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No. Don’t be ridiculous. Take it.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Fair exchange without. You got my
dialog: company, I got yours.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Damn it, Forde, take the fucking
dialog: money.
text: He pauses. Realizes she isn’t yet ready for this to be
dialog: personal. Always business.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Suit y’erself.
text: He takes the envelope.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC
scene_heading: BUS, ILLINOIS - DUSK - PAST
text: Esme sits near the back among weary COMMUTERS after a hard
dialog: day’s work.
dialog: Nobody even
text: She taps at her phone robotically. Nobody talks.
text: looks at anyone else.
dialog: 88.
text: The bus stops and new passengers get on. A MIDDLE-AGED MAN
text: gets up and offers his seat to a LADY who can’t be much older
dialog: than him.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Oh, I’m fine, thanks.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE-AGED MAN
dialog: (looks down)
dialog: But for how much longer in those?
text: She’s wearing a clunky pair of heels to his comfy Air Max 90s.
text: Conceding, the Lady smiles and takes a seat. The Middle-Aged
text: Man steps closer to the front of the bus.
text: Esme lowers her phone, and rests her head softly against the
text: window. She’s just closing her eyes, when --
text: A SCUFFLE breaks out near the front of the bus. Esme cranes
dialog: her neck to see what all the fuss is about --
text: AN ERRANT GUNSHOT RINGS OUT!
text: People SCREAM. Some hit the deck - some are thrown off-balance
text: as the bus SCREECHES to a halt.
text: A guy with a BUZZ CUT (20s) barges his way through commuters -
text: in his hand - A FN HERSTAL 5.7 -
text: He’s on a beeline, fixing his determined glare squarely ON
text: ESME - he strides with purpose right for her.
text: She realizes and tries to scramble out of her seat -
text: Buzz Cut raises the gun -—
dialog: He has a clean shot. All he has to do is pull the trigg--
dialog: BANG! BANG!
text: Buzz Cut JOLTS forward, hit twice in the back. His FN Herstal
text: drops to the floor behind him, skidding to a pair of firmly-
text: planted Air Max 90s. BLOOD appears at the corner of his mouth
text: and he collapses, dead.
text: Behind him stands the Middle-Aged Man who offered his seat,
text: stern expression behind a smoking Glock 9. Rock-solid stance
text: of someone who spends a lot of time at the firing range. His
speaker_heading: name is FRANK MCGILL.
text: Like a pro, he kicks the fallen FN Herstal out of Buzz Cut’s
text: reach. Only then does he glance up.
text: Esme is on the floor, pressed up against a seat. She shivers,
text: in shock. Her watered eyes meet the focused stare of her
dialog: savior.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK
scene_heading: INT. CONNORS’ HOUSE - DAY - PAST
text: Morning in the Connors household. His WIFE and obnoxious young
text: KIDS are at the breakfast table. Connors has his phone to his
text: ear, and is glued to a TV NEWS REPORT. On the phone:
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONNORS (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Yeah, I’m getting it.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (VIA T.V.)
dialog: We understand the assailant was a
dialog: firearms enthusiast, and was
text: targeting a leading figure in the gun
dialog: control movement, who was traveling
text: as a passenger on the bus. The
text: assailant was then shot dead himself
dialog: by a civilian passenger who was
dialog: carrying a registered concealed
text: firearm. Two people were rushed to
dialog: hospital with non-life-threatening
dialog: injuries in an incident that could’ve
dialog: been much worse had this brave man
dialog: not...
speaker_heading: CONNORS (INTO PHONE)
dialog: George? You there? Get ready to spend
dialog: some money.
scene_heading: EXT. STARVED ROCK STATE PARK (ILLINOIS) - DAY - PAST
text: A secluded spot that feels like a million miles from
text: civilization. Sunlight filters through treetops and all that
text: can be heard is the electric BUZZ of cicadas.
text: Esme sits on a bench. She stares into space, lifeless.
text: She doesn’t so much as turn her head when Elizabeth sits next
text: to her, softly. Elizabeth sets down her carry-on, clearly
text: fresh from a plane.
text: The pair don’t look at each other for a while. Elizabeth takes
text: her time here, not her usual belligerent self.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: All the time I spend in the city,
dialog: somehow I’m still more comfortable
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: When I was a kid, we had a family get-
dialog: together... We were sitting around
text: the table at breakfast, talking about
dialog: what animal we'd be if we were
dialog: reincarnated. Some said birds. My
dialog: uncle wanted to be a hippo, wallowing
dialog: in mud all day. When my turn came, I
dialog: thought I'd be clever. I said
dialog: ‘human’. Over the next twenty years,
dialog: I slowly realized everyone else at
dialog: that table had already considered
dialog: that option and ruled it out.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I had a look at your staff profile.
dialog: You're one of the most prominent anti-
dialog: gun campaigners in D.C. You went to
dialog: high school in Colorado in the late
dialog: ‘90s. The name of the school isn’t
dialog: stated.
dialog: 90.
text: She hasn't looked at her yet, but Esme gives Elizabeth the
text: tiniest of nods to confirm her suspicion. A long beat.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: I locked myself in a classroom and
text: hid under a desk. I covered my ears,
dialog: but it did nothing. People were dying
text: outside. I heard knocks on the door.
dialog: I didn’t have it in me to even try to
dialog: help. I couldn’t move... I never
dialog: wanted to feel that way again.
text: She gazes upon the verdant landscape; her eyes moistening,
text: composure weakening.
speaker_heading: ESME (CONT’D)
dialog: Yesterday... Yesterday, I felt the
dialog: exact same way I did when I was
dialog: eighteen. I got very good at acting
dialog: tough, but nothing changed
text: underneath. Nothing really changes at
dialog: all.
text: Elizabeth spends a moment digesting her words. Her intonation
text: slower, more considered here.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You may find this hard to believe,
dialog: but I’m no stranger to those
dialog: sentiments myself.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: You were involved in a shooting?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No. But I spent much of my formative
dialog: years with my hands over my ears,
dialog: trying, and failing absolutely, to
dialog: block out the sounds of my father
dialog: beating my mother.
text: Esme looks at Elizabeth. It’s the first time she’s ever heard
dialog: anything from her that isn’t work-related.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Eventually, there came a point at
dialog: which I could no longer tolerate it.
dialog: Brave or stupid, one day, when he got
dialog: violent, I stood up to him. When you
text: grow up in fear of someone, they hold
dialog: a certain power over you that
dialog: subsists, regardless of your age or
dialog: relative strength. But that first
dialog: time, at the age of fourteen? That
dialog: was the hardest thing I’ve done by a
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: ... What happened?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It took him by surprise. The
dialog: immediate backlash for me wasn't
dialog: pretty...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: but he wasn’t so quick to get violent
dialog: the next time. That stand changed
dialog: everything. When he did take his
dialog: swings, my mother and I stood up to
dialog: him together. Ultimately, it gave us
dialog: the confidence to run away from the
dialog: bastard and never look back. It
dialog: wasn’t an inspiring ending, by any
dialog: stretch, but some battles, believe it
dialog: or not, are best won by turning your
dialog: back. And some can only be won by not
dialog: backing down.
dialog: 
dialog: Elizabeth regards Esme, not as a subordinate or even a
text: colleague, but more like a proud parent.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s oh-so-easy to keep your mouth
dialog: shut and let it slide, but you and I
dialog: both managed to find that courage
dialog: inside of us. Especially you, Esme.
dialog: And when one person nails their
dialog: colors to the mast, you’1ll find that
dialog: others will be quick to follow.
dialog: That’s how change happens.
text: Esme retains her sense of despondency, but on some level she
text: is buoyed by Elizabeth's showing of respect.
speaker_heading: MEDIA MONTAGE:
text: - Frank McGill is held up as an all-American hero.
dialog: - McGill graces the covers of newspapers and magazines,
text: holding up his Glock 9.
text: - He receives an award from a city OFFICIAL. Flashbulbs POP.
text: - POSTERS are stuck on windows, car bumpers. McGill points his
text: Glock at us. OUTLAW GUNS AND ONLY OUTLAWS WILL HAVE GUNS. In
text: another poster, a whole crowd of Frank McGills with guns on
text: their hips. LET’S ALL BE FRANK. PROTECT YOUR COMMUNITY.
text: - SLAP SLAP SLAP. Red slashes plastered over mugshots.
text: - ON THE WHITEBOARD - DAYS TO VOTE: 42. The vote count reads
text: 25 VOTES LOCKED, 9 TO GO. The numbers are replaced: 21 VOTES
text: LOCKED, 13 TO GO. The team’s now losing ground.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - DAY - PAST
text: The team works in the usual melee of RINGING PHONES and CROSS-
text: TALK. Esme steps in and the room falls silent. People stop
text: what they’re doing. Elizabeth lowers a phone from her ear as
text: her eyes meet Esme’s. She scans the silenced room. Then:
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: We're losing ground. What can I do?
text: Moment over. Esme is surrounded by colleagues, updating her
text: and asking for her input. Ross sidles up to her, sheepishly.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: How are you doing?
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: I’m okay.
text: An awkward beat.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: D’you know the statistical likelihood
dialog: of being struck by lightening twice?
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: (a bit annoyed)
dialog: No, Ross, I don’t.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: -.. Neither do I.
text: They finally share a smile.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - NIGHT - PAST
text: Elizabeth and the team are morose, quiet. They sit and wait.
text: Brian gets off the phone.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (ON PHONE)
dialog: OK, thank you. Bye.
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: That was the advertising standards
dialog: division of the NFL. Our TV spot was
dialog: rejected.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: What?! How can they do that?!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: We now fall foul of the ‘extreme
dialog: political sensitivity’ clause.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Bloomberg funded anti-gun spots
dialog: during last year’s superbowl-
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: Not right after Frank McGill.
text: The killer blow. A brief moment’s silence, until --
text: Ross enters. Everyone straightens out.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: OK, so it’s not great. Finance was
dialog: tailing off anyway, but on current
dialog: projections, we can afford phone-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Let’s get to the point. With our best
dialog: foot forward, based on your best
dialog: guess, how do things shake out come
dialog: the vote?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: We’d run them close. And we’ve gone
dialog: further than I ever imagined.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: ROSS (CONT'D)
dialog: But on latest projections, at our
dialog: best pace... We’d come up anywhere
dialog: between three to five votes short.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: How accurate is your vote count?
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: Very.
text: Despite the dour circumstances, Esme regards Ross with a nod.
text: Always the sloucher, he straightens.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (beat; considers)
dialog: Alright, that’s all. There’s nothing
dialog: more we can do tonight.
text: The team lethargically get up, suddenly reluctant to abandon
dialog: their post.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Elizabeth, I don’t need to leave.
dialog: Could rally the troops on the West
dialog: Coast and-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Get some rest, Franklin. You’ve done
dialog: enough for today.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: (channeling Elizabeth)
dialog: Not if we’re going to be three to
dialog: five votes down.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'll take to the streets right now
dialog: and rip down those fucking Frank
dialog: McGill posters one at a time if I
dialog: have to.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: That's a logistical nightmare I'd
dialog: happily partake in.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: ++. Our colors are still nailed to
dialog: the mast, Elizabeth.
text: Elizabeth looks at the intrepid faces of her small, loyal
text: team. Her exterior barely registers it, but she's genuinely
text: touched and impressed.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: The war will still be here tomorrow,
dialog: guys. Go home and sharpen your
dialog: knives. See you all first thing.
text: After a beat, they relent and take their exits. Elizabeth
text: remains in her seat. Rodolfo gives her a moment as she affixes
text: her stare on her young colleagues as they file out.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: What now?
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We fight the good fight, and hope for
dialog: the best.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: You coming?
text: She shakes her head and Rodolfo exits. Elizabeth hesitates.
text: Decisively, she pulls out her cell, and makes a call.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (0.S., FILTERED)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: It’s me.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (0.S., FILTERED)
dialog: I’m sorry, you have the wrong number.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Silly me. I should have written it
dialog: down.
text: She hangs up, and puts her phone away. Savors the silence for
text: a moment. She gropes in her handbag for the TRINKET BOX. Flips
text: it open to reveal two little white pills. Elizabeth stares at
text: them contemptuously. Wants them, but knows she shouldn't.
text: Jaw clenched in frustration, Elizabeth gets up and stomps over
text: to a trash can, heels stabbing the floor with every stride.
text: Her hand hovers over the receptacle, but wavers - she can’t
text: let go. Until -- she drops the trinket box in the trash, and
text: turns away quickly. Paces. Hands fidget, eyes dart around the
dialog: room.
text: Frustration builds, and Elizabeth lets out a FERAL SCREAM -
text: KICKS the trash can over - papers scatter across the floor.
dialog: 
text: Near breaking-point, she gathers herself. Calms her breathing.
text: The trinket box sits on the floor, glistening under tube
text: lights. Taunting her. She walks over and picks it up, a
text: disappointment in her eyes for a battle lost.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - UNDERGROUND PARKING LOT - NIGHT - PAST
text: Elizabeth walks toward her car, finally finished for the
text: evening. She sees Clara and Alex in conversation near her
text: black Mercedes S-Class, and initially thinks nothing of it,
text: removes the key fob from her pocket.
text: A little closer in, she stops. Observes them from a distance.
text: They’re talking, smiling, as though both know they should go
text: their separate ways, but neither wants to part. Like awkward
text: college kids on a first date.
text: Elizabeth smiles faintly, a touch ruefully. She hangs back,
text: not wanting to interrupt.
text: She looks elsewhere for a moment, but can’t help but look back
text: to see Clara give Alex a quick kiss and smile before splitting
text: off to their cars.
text: Elizabeth unlocks her car and gets in.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES S-CLASS - CONTINUOUS - PAST
dialog: 
text: Elizabeth closes the door and silence envelops the luxury
text: cabin. She hits the start button and the engine PURRS. The MP3
text: player resumes some vaguely upbeat classical music -
dialog: Rachmaninov’s Italian Polka.
text: No more than two seconds pass before Elizabeth shoots an arm
text: out to shut it up. She sits for a moment’s silence, sealed off
text: in her little bubble. Finally, she belts up and pulls out.
scene_heading: INT. COLE, KRAVITZ AND WATERMAN - STRATEGY ROOM - DAY - PAST
dialog: 
text: Jane presents stats to Bob Sandford and the Gun Lobby team.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: The public is overwhelmingly in favor
dialog: of gun control. They’ve exploited
dialog: this and secured the finance
dialog: necessary to mount a serious
dialog: challenge.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Is there not some saturation point?
dialog: Where everyone who’s backed their
dialog: position will have coughed in?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yes, but with 80% of the American
dialog: public on their side, there’s still
dialog: some way to go. With McGill in the
dialog: news, this is as good as it gets for
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What are your projections?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: If we take all the uncommitted
dialog: Congressmen and split them 50-50,
dialog: they win. 60-40, they still win. We’d
dialog: need 64% to scrape it.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: Good God.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: How accurate is your count?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Very.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: Buy them.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
text: They’re already on the payroll.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: Buy them again!
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: Voter pressure’s too strong.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: (to George Dupont)
dialog: You said you would take care of this.
dialog: The whole reason I came to this firm
dialog: was for the woman who’s putting you
dialog: all to shame-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Bob. This bill will not pass.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: How exactly do you plan to stop it?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Clear the room please.
text: Those who know to exit take their leave. George, Bob Sandford,
text: Connors, and R.M. Dutton remain.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: The only reason we’re here is because
dialog: of one person. Without her, we walk
text: all over them.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: What are you suggesting?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: We need a way to remove her from the
dialog: Heaton-Harris campaign, put her on
dialog: the defensive. For example, a
dialog: Congressional hearing into her
dialog: unorthodox lobbying practices.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: How would such a thing come about?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I know of a Congressman who may be
dialog: open to the idea. But it would take a
dialog: lot of persuasion.
speaker_heading: BOB SANDFORD
dialog: I‘1l put up whatever it takes to kill
dialog: that amendment.
speaker_heading: R.M. DUTTON
dialog: Hold on. You’1l need a convincing
dialog: allegation of impropriety as the
dialog: basis for an investigation.
speaker_heading: CONNORS
dialog: I'd give my left nut to drag her rep
dialog: through the dirt, but you’re not
dialog: gonna get it. She’s a CYA specialist,
dialog: I never met anyone so pedantic in my
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: The least we can do is look for it.
dialog: (gets up)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: I want everyone in this whole damn
dialog: firm interviewed - no - I want anyone
dialog: who ever shared a room with her
dialog: interviewed. We'll see how well
dialog: covered her ass really is.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CROSS-CUT STAFF INTERVIEWS:
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: She wouldn’t let us cut corners. A
dialog: large part of my job involved
dialog: researching the legality of our
dialog: strategy, if there was any exposure
dialog: she'd hold off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: R.M. DUTTON
dialog: Any questionable surveillance,
dialog: tapping, anything of that nature?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Everybody knows she did it, but we
dialog: never dealt with those guys. She kept
dialog: them separate. For evidence purposes,
dialog: they don’t exist.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: She'd ply Congressmen with benefits.
dialog: Free meals, tickets to events,
dialog: golfing weekends. All paid for by our
dialog: clients, via the firm.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Well, that right there’s enough-
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: No, it’s not. She’d make a point of
dialog: invoicing them. Every single benefit,
text: from a flight ticket to a glass of
dialog: champagne, she made me keep receipts
dialog: and invoice the Congressmen. Sure,
dialog: there was an understanding they’d
dialog: never pay, but we’d always send an
dialog: invoice. The debt shows as an asset
dialog: on our balance sheet, we can
dialog: theoretically call it in any time we
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And that’s legal?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Apparently so. You know, now that you
dialog: ask, there was a time...
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Ah, it’s nothing.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Tell me about it.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Just a silly technicality, I didn’t
dialog: even notice, it was Franklin-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Jane. I know she mentored you, and
dialog: you have a lot of respect for her,
dialog: but you chose this firm. If you have
dialog: any inkling of misconduct...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What would happen? To her?
speaker_heading: . GEORGE
dialog: (lying) ,
dialog: Nothing! We’re mining for leverage,
dialog: get her to stay out of Nebraska.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There may have been a financial
text: irregularity she glossed over. With
dialog: the Kenyans, palm oil, the Nutella
dialog: tax. I think she might have violated
dialog: the gift ban.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT - PAST
text: George Dupont approaches a parked Lexus. He gets into the
text: passenger side.
scene_heading: INT. LEXUS - CONTINUOUS - PAST
text: George Dupont closes the door and takes a brief repose,
text: EXHALES. In the driver's seat sits the man leading the charge
dialog: in our congressional hearing: Ron M. Sperling. In private, his
text: paternal, sanctimonious demeanor gives way to a curtness
dialog: expected of a seasoned political schemer.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Things not looking so good for the
dialog: mid-terms, Ron. You ask me, you're
dialog: gonna need a lot more TV time.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: I didn’t ask you.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Now, who might just be able to fund
dialog: those coveted TV spots?
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: I’m committed to Heaton-Harris, I
dialog: can’t vote for it with one hand and
dialog: choke it with the other.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: It needn't look that way. You’1ll be
dialog: leading an inquiry into Sloane’s
dialog: affairs in response to an article
text: exposing her litany of misdeeds.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: What article?
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: We're arranging it.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: The cost of hearings run into the
dialog: millions. That’s public money-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Ron, the Gun Lobby have identified
dialog: you as the man to pull this off. If
dialog: you decline, I can’t stop them
dialog: blitzing you with negative finance,
dialog: which, sure as your shit doesn’t
dialog: smell like root beer, they will. They
dialog: won’t stop until they annihilate you.
dialog: D’you know the root meaning of the
dialog: word ‘annihilate’? It’s Latin. It
dialog: means, reduce to nothing. That’s what
dialog: they’re going to do to you, Ron.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: So what, I'll be taking a wedge from
text: the Lobby and leading the attack on
dialog: Heaton-Harris’ biggest proponent? A
dialog: sixth-grader could connect the dots.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: We can create a structure to
dialog: obfuscate the source. Your big wedge
dialog: will arrive courtesy of eight to
dialog: twelve smaller entities with no
dialog: affiliation to guns.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: How big a wedge are we talking?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Big enough to be the difference
dialog: between the continuation of your
dialog: duties as a member of Congress, and
dialog: the reduction of your career to
dialog: nothing. The article’s coming.
text: George exits the car, leaving Sperling to consider his words.
text: Suddenly agitated, Sperling BRUSHES vigorously at his forearm,
text: which rests on the center console, as if swatting at some
text: persistent itch.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - RODOLFO’S OFFICE - DAY - PAST
dialog: 
text: Rodolfo Schmidt and Elizabeth’s secretary LORRAINE sit at a
text: table. Elizabeth takes her seat.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: This had better be good. I’ve got
dialog: viral video to produce.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I was sorting your letters, and
dialog: between the hate mail and death
dialog: threats, I found this.
text: Lorraine hands Elizabeth a letter.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Pru West of The Star is running a
dialog: feature on the lobbying industry.
dialog: Actually, on you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (reading; then: )
dialog: And she wants to meet me, why the
dialog: hell did she send a letter?
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Because she doesn’t really want to
dialog: meet you. She wants to say she
dialog: reached out to you for an interview
dialog: and never heard back.
dialog: (off Elizabeth’s look)
dialog: An insider at The Star got in
dialog: contact. Word is, it’s a hit.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Well, the least I can do is
text: disappoint her.
dialog: (to Lorraine)
dialog: Set it up.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: You're not leaving this damn building
dialog: without an attorney. Our in-house
dialog: guy’s perfect. I don’t believe you
text: two have met.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - POSNER’S OFFICE - DAY - PAST
dialog: 
text: Rodolfo Schmidt and one Daniel Posner are mid-argument.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: You know how I feel about this, I was
dialog: against you ever hiring her-
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Because your job isn’t winning
dialog: lobbying fights, it’s keeping us from
dialog: getting sued-
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: And the woman’s a liability, quite
dialog: independently of her being utterly
dialog: contemptible-—
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - OFFICE FLOOR - CONTINUOUS - PAST
dialog: 
text: Elizabeth sits and waits outside. She can see them in silent
text: heated discussion behind the glass. Rodolfo opens the door.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Liz, meet your protection.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Daniel Posner, Head of Legal.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Liz Sloane, contemptible liability.
dialog: And amateur lip-reader! Whose idea
dialog: were the glass walls, seriously?
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE - DAY - PAST
text: Elizabeth shakes hands with PRU WEST, who introduces GORDON.
speaker_heading: PRU WEST
dialog: So kind of you to meet at short
dialog: notice. This is Mike Gordon from our
dialog: legal department.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Daniel Posner from ours.
text: Pru West and Elizabeth sit. Gordon and Posner follow. Gordon
text: sets a dictaphone down on the table. Posner does likewise.
text: There’s a very obvious hostility behind all the niceties.
speaker_heading: PRU WEST
dialog: Ms. Sloane. You’re at the forefront
dialog: of an industry with a very bad rep.
dialog: D’you think it’s deserved?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes. When a company forks out
dialog: campaign contributions to a
dialog: Congressman who then supports
dialog: legislation favorable to that
dialog: company, the public see bribery.
dialog: Because that’s what it is.
speaker_heading: PRU WEST
dialog: Can the system change?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Even if you take the money out of it,
dialog: lobbying will never go away. At its
dialog: core, lobbying is about
dialog: relationships. You can’t outlaw
dialog: relationships.
speaker_heading: PRU WEST
dialog: But the bribery you described
dialog: earlier, that can change?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, but it won’t. The two parties
dialog: capable of effecting change have no
dialog: interest in doing so. Why would
dialog: Congress change a system they profit
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: PRU WEST
dialog: Who’s the second party?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You are. The media. It’s far easier
dialog: to generate hatred for individuals
dialog: than it is for abstract systems, so
dialog: you don’t go for the system, you go
dialog: for the personality. You choose
dialog: scandal over insight, and who can
dialog: blame you, readers respond to it. If
dialog: you don’t feed it to them, your rival
dialog: will, you’ll go bust and lose your
dialog: job. Which brings me to my question
dialog: for you: why are you wasting my time?
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: PRU WEST
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're asking me abstract questions
dialog: about the nature of lobbying which,
dialog: sure as you were born crying, will
dialog: not form the basis of your article.
dialog: I’m going to go out on a limb and say
dialog: this meeting is nothing more than an
dialog: exercise in box-ticking, and your
dialog: article's already written.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (to Pru West)
dialog: Don’t respond to that.
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: That’s purely speculative on your
dialog: part, if you have any evidence of
dialog: this, by all means produce it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Like I said, I’m going out on a limb.
text: Pru West smiles smugly, knowing Elizabeth is right but
text: powerless to stop the process.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Who is controlling you?
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Let’s not do this.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Why now?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: The fact is, you have no way of
dialog: knowing what Ms. West intends to do
dialog: with the information gleaned from-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s clear you have no interest in
dialog: what I have to say-
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: And how would you know that?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Your dictaphone’s off.
text: Elizabeth exits. Posner grabs his dictaphone and follows.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - STRATEGY ROOM - DAY - PAST
dialog: 
text: The entire room engrossed in the D.C. Star.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It’s a hit alright.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I thought it could’ve been worse.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I got four factual errors so far.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: This isn’t good.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Stop fussing. Put The Star in the
dialog: recycling. They’1l make pencils out
dialog: of it, maybe one will find its way
text: into the hand of a reporter with some
dialog: integrity. It’ll go away.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - RODOLFO’S OFFICE - DAY - PAST
text: WHACK! A week has passed, and Ross dumps two large lever arch
text: files, both bursting at the seams, on Rodolfo’s desk.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Every attack since the Pru West hack-
dialog: job that kicked it all off. Every
dialog: single one just the right side of
dialog: libelous.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: So much for it going away.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: My personal favorite is the one about
dialog: how you toppled the High School Head
text: Prefect in a fabricated plagiarism
dialog: scandal. I’m assuming that’s not
dialog: libelous ‘cause I can totally see it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: God, that witch was insufferable.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: This is serious. That Sperling’s got
dialog: the hots for you, do you two have a
dialog: past?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I barely know him, it’s a put-up.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: This could result in an indictment.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I‘ll have to resign anyway.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Are you kidding, for what?! Why?!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (points to folders)
dialog: That. Heaton-Harris gets colder with
dialog: every day I remain associated with
dialog: it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: We're 29 days ‘til the vote, still
text: five votes down and losing ground. If
dialog: they're orchestrating this, that’s
dialog: exactly what they want-
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And our only play is to give it to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: She's right.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: We can’t run the campaign without-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Nonsense, of course you can. I need
dialog: to lawyer up for an indictment.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You didn't do anything.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, but we did. We got too close.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - POSNER’S OFFICE - DAY - PAST
text: Posner reclines in his chair.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Dan Steinitz. Len Watts. Edmund
dialog: Gross. High-profile Federal
dialog: indictment, that’s who you hire.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I want you.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Great! My first action as your
dialog: attorney is to advise you to fire me,
dialog: and hire one Dan Steinitz, Len Watts,
dialog: or Edmund Gross.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We may have our differences-
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: You didn’t just wander into the
dialog: offices of Hackney Carriage, alright?
dialog: If I wanted to work for people like
dialog: you, I’d have taken the offer from
dialog: Cole Kravitz Waterman.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: So we can’t agree on the color of the
dialog: sky, I can’t help thinking you've
dialog: misjudged me.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: I can live with that.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: This will be news for months. Career-
dialog: defining. If you can make room for
dialog: the possibility you might be wrong
dialog: about me... Don’t tell me you don’t
dialog: want a swing at this.
text: Posner folds his arms. He does want a swing at this.
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. CONGRESS - WAITING ROOM - DAY - PRESENT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SUPER: September 21, 2015
text: Posner, Alex, and Elizabeth talk at crossed purposes.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: (to Alex)
dialog: We’re on in minutes, you need to get
dialog: out of here-
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Shearman, Ohio, d’you know anything
dialog: we can hit him with?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: Not off the top of my head, I’11l look
dialog: into it first chance I-
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: This isn’t her job any more!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (to Posner)
dialog: You work for the Lobby now? ‘Cause
dialog: that was their plan all along.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: I. Don’t. Care. My job is keeping her
dialog: out of jail. You’re done here.
text: Alex exits. Elizabeth calls out:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: How's it looking?
text: Alex shakes his head. Not happening.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Find a way, get to it!
scene_heading: INT. CONGRESSIONAL HEARING ROOM - DAY - PRESENT
dialog: 
text: Congressman Sperling questions Elizabeth.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Regarding your representation of the
dialog: Kenyan government... Senator Len
dialog: Davies, the sponsor of the bill you
dialog: dubbed the ‘Nutella Tax’, was flown
dialog: to Kenya first-class and put up ina
dialog: five-star hotel, only a week before
dialog: the bill was dropped. Our audit puts
dialog: the cost of this trip at over
dialog: $20,000. Did the Senator ever
dialog: reimburse these expenses?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Was he ever invoiced for them?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Was there any expectation that
dialog: Senator Davis would repay this?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: The trip was paid for by the Kenyan
dialog: Government. If you’re implying I
dialog: violated the gift ban, you’re barking
dialog: up the wrong tree. Sovereign states
dialog: are exempt from the gift ban under
dialog: Chapter 2 of the House and Senate
dialog: Ethnics Manuals.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: You sure the Kenyans paid for that
dialog: trip? See, I don’t think they did.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: The trip was funded from a pooled
dialog: account. Is it not true that one of
dialog: your staff raised a concern, which
dialog: you hastily dismissed?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I‘1l1 tell you what I told Franklin
dialog: Walsh. The Kenyan Government
dialog: contributed enough to that account to
dialog: cover the trip five times over.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: But it’s true that the account
dialog: contained funds from private
dialog: entities? F&B conglomerates?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Their contributions made up one
dialog: quarter of the total, yes.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Is it not also true that, because the
dialog: Kenyans instructed you late on this,
dialog: funds from private entities were
dialog: already in the pooled account when
dialog: the Kenyans transferred their funds
dialog: in?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, I believe so.
text: Posner looks crestfallen. He knows what this means. MEDIA BUZZ
text: ratchets up. They smell blood.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: (beat; nods)
dialog: Well. We have ourselves a smoking
dialog: gun. This is a violation of Chapter 2
dialog: of the Senate Ethics Manual, which
dialog: prohibits the furnishing of money or
dialog: gifts from a private entity to a
dialog: member of Congress.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I repeat, the trip was furnished by
dialog: the Kenyan government-—
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: I'm afraid that’s not accurate. In
dialog: accordance with Regulation 17,
dialog: subsection (d) of the Financial
speaker_heading: Accounting Standards Board
dialog: guidelines, funds in a pooled account
dialog: are to be treated under a principle
text: known as FIFO. First In, First Out.
dialog: It means that money paid into a joint
dialog: account first, is the first money to
dialog: be paid out of it when the account is
dialog: drawn upon. The effect of this, is
dialog: that the Kenyan Government didn’t
dialog: contribute one dime towards the
dialog: $20,000 that was spent on Senator
dialog: Davis’ trip. It was covered by the
dialog: sixteen private entities who first
dialog: contributed to that account. Which
dialog: puts you, as the one who authorized
dialog: the transfer, in violation of the
dialog: Congressional gift ban.
text: Elizabeth freezes for a moment, blind-sided. It doesn’t last.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: FIFO? That’s your trump card? You
dialog: drag me in for a week of hearings,
dialog: indelicately wedge an endoscope up my
dialog: posterior, and all this time, the
dialog: only incriminating item in your
dialog: possession is an accounting snafu?
dialog: One wonders why this wasn’t over in
text: two hours flat. It’s almost as though
dialog: you've held some kind of special
dialog: interest in dragging this process out
dialog: as_long as possible.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: I have a duty to be thorough in my
dialog: investigations. After all, I
dialog: represent the people of the United
dialog: States of America.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This concludes my questioning of the
dialog: witness. Thank you, Ms. Sloane.
text: Elizabeth gets out of the hot seat and takes up a position
text: next to Posner. As she does, Congressman Sperling announces:
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING (CONT’D)
dialog: We have one further witness we’d like
dialog: to call.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: (whispers, to Elizabeth)
dialog: FIFO? Seriously?. Maybe you’re not so
dialog: sleazy after all.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: The people call Mr. Robert Forde.
text: Elizabeth’s face drops upon hearing the name.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I wouldn’t bet on it.
text: Seeing her reaction, Posner knows this is bad and pipes up.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Mr. Chairman, I don’t recall being
dialog: given notice of your intention to-
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: We have only recently been able to
dialog: locate the witness, Mr. Posner.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to Posner)
dialog: Let it play.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Mr. Chairman, a moment with my client
dialog: please.
text: They confer. For the first time, Elizabeth seems broken.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: What is this? Who’s Robert Forde?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I don’t know why I’m even surprised.
dialog: How stupid I’ve been...
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: I can raise an objection, we can-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Let it play, damn it, they’ll get it
dialog: out there one way or another.
text: A beat. Posner relents.
text: LATER, Forde is escorted to the stand by a Capitol Police
text: officer. He looks at Elizabeth but she won’t meet his gaze.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Mr. Forde, please raise your right
dialog: hand. Do you solemnly swear to tell
dialog: the truth, the whole truth, and
dialog: nothing but the truth, under pains
dialog: and penalties of perjury?
text: Forde hesitates for a moment. A quiet anger on his face.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Yeah. I swear.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Mr. Forde, could you please describe
dialog: the nature of your work?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: I got many jobs. PT, fitness modelin’
dialog: on the side...
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: What would you say earns you the bulk
dialog: of your income at present?
dialog: 109.
text: Forde clenches his jaw. He leans forward.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: I work as an escort in D.C.
text: The media BUZZ heightens.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: You... sleep with women for money?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: I meet the client’s needs. Sometimes,
dialog: that’s bein’ on their arm. Sometimes
dialog: more. You’d be surprised how many
dialog: women just wanna sit ‘n talk to
dialog: someone from a different neck’a the
dialog: woods, who ain’t gonna judge ‘em.
text: Forde glances to Elizabeth, remembering their earlier
text: conversation. She can’t even look at him.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: But... part of your job entails
dialog: having intercourse for payment?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: ~-. Yes.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Have you ever met Elizabeth Sloane?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: Yep.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Could you please identify her?
text: Forde nods to Elizabeth. Her head remains bowed and she
text: continues to avert her gaze.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: What was the nature of your
dialog: relationship?
text: Forde hesitates. The media salivate.
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: I was attendin’ a function with a
dialog: client. Ms. Sloane was there. I tried
dialog: to introduce myself, but she bucked
dialog: me off.
text: Congressman Sperling's face hardens. In the gallery, George
text: Dupont shoots R.M. Dutton a piercing glare, who looks just as
text: shocked. Elizabeth now looks at Forde. Not the answer any of
dialog: them was expecting.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Mr. Forde, have you ever entertained
dialog: Ms. Sloane as a client?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: «+. No.
dialog: 110.
text: Elizabeth tries her best to hide her surprise, but there’s a
text: touch of confusion on her face; Forde’s behavior is not
text: conforming to her expectation nor world view.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Mr. Forde, may I remind you that you
dialog: are speaking under oath, and any
dialog: statement which is later proved to be
dialog: materially inaccurate may expose you
dialog: to liability for perjury before
dialog: Congress. This is a serious offense,
dialog: and carries the suitably serious
dialog: sanction of incarceration. I ask
dialog: again, did you entertain Ms. Sloane
dialog: in any capacity as a client?
speaker_heading: FORDE
dialog: «+. No. I didn’t.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: (hardened)
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Forde. You’re
dialog: dismissed.
text: Forde exits the stand and is walked out by Capitol Police.
text: Elizabeth watches him go, confused and genuinely touched that
text: he put his head on the block to protect her.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON WYATT - POSNER’S OFFICE - NIGHT - PRESENT
text: Elizabeth, Rodolfo Schmidt, and Posner sit in silence.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: FIFO. You’re supposed to be the most
text: debased, corrupt operative on the
dialog: hill, and the only thing they can
dialog: nail you with is FIFO.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: It’s enough to put you behind bars.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I doubt they’1l bother. They got what
dialog: they wanted.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: They wanted you behind bars.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Ross!
text: Ross appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: How’s our old friend Heaton-Harris?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Comatose on its death bed. The whole
dialog: issue’s gone cold.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to Posner)
dialog: That’s what they wanted.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: Shameless bastards. That stunt with
dialog: the prostitute - anyone who knows
dialog: anything about you will know how
dialog: utterly preposterous that is.
text: Elizabeth and Posner exchange a quick glance.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT (CONT’D)
dialog: We fought the good fight. Got closer
dialog: than we had any right to.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You didn’t hire me to get close.
dialog: (To Ross)
dialog: What would it take to revive it?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Right now, it’s not even making it to
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What would it take to revive it?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Seriously? An earthquake.
text: Elizabeth nods, as if finally conceding defeat.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Well. I should get going.
speaker_heading: RODOLFO SCHMIDT
dialog: We'll all be there tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (exiting; stops)
dialog: Hope for an earthquake.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S HOUSE - NIGHT - PRESENT
dialog: 
text: Dim lighting in Elizabeth’s living room. Something about it
dialog: has changed since we were last here: a sparse arrangement of
text: high-end furniture, coffee tables and tasteful lamps.
text: Most notable is the absence of work-related clutter. No
text: papers, folders, or file boxes. A vibrant potted plant where
dialog: there was nothing before. Dare we say, like a home.
text: The Litigators lies face-down on a side table. Next to it, in
text: the comfortable armchair used for reading, Elizabeth reclines,
text: in deep, peaceful sleep.
scene_heading: INT. CONGRESSIONAL HEARING ROOM - DAY - PRESENT
text: It’s packed to the rafters and BUZZING. Public gallery full of
text: familiar faces. Connors, George Dupont, R.M. Dutton, Jane,
text: Rodolfo Schmidt and the whole of the Peterson Wyatt team.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. CONGRESS - WAITING ROOM - CONTINUOUS - PRESENT
dialog: 
dialog: The same room where we first met Elizabeth and Posner.
text: Professional to the last, Posner coaches her on proceedings.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: They're going to ask you if you want
dialog: to make a statement before they read
dialog: your sentence. Don’t make a
dialog: statement. Got it? No good can come
dialog: of you making a statement. You’1l
dialog: expose yourself to contempt of
dialog: Congress, defamation-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Don't make a statement. Just decline,
dialog: and move on.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Anything else? Or can we just go in
dialog: there and get this over with?
text: Posner nods. Elizabeth stands, straightens her jacket: she
text: too, professional to the last. She turns to leave when --
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Liz?
text: Posner hesitates. Extends his hand to Elizabeth. He wouldn’t
dialog: dare admit he was wrong about her, but they both know that’s
text: what it means. This time, she shakes. Proudly.
scene_heading: INT. CONGRESSIONAL HEARING ROOM - DAY - PRESENT
text: Elizabeth is marched to the dock by CAPITOL POLICE OFFICERS.
text: The ever-sanctimonious Ron M. Sperling presides.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Ms. Sloane. Before we proceed to the
dialog: business of sentencing, you are
dialog: entitled to make a statement,
dialog: reflecting on your crime. Is there
dialog: something you'd like to say?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, Congressman, there is.
text: Posner closes his eyes. Why does he even bother?
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Take all the time you need.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: When I received an offer to take up a
dialog: position advocating for gun control,
dialog: I was under no illusions of how
dialog: difficult it would be.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Ms. Sloane, is this a reflection on
dialog: your crime, or your recent efforts to-
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Mr. Sperling, you've effectively
dialog: spent the last seven days prying into
dialog: every detail of my personal and
dialog: professional existence, not to
dialog: mention the fact you just permitted
dialog: me to take ‘all the time I need’. So,
dialog: with all due respect, shut up.
text: A pregnant collective pause permeates the entire room.
text: Sperling studies her, a suppressed smirk beneath his pervasive
dialog: professional decorum.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Proceed.
text: Elizabeth hesitates to compose herself, gather her thoughts.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: My work as a lobbyist has been
dialog: defined by a peculiar kind of
dialog: conflict. I’ve made a career from
dialog: defending my clients’ attempts to
dialog: maximize their profit. I loathe to
dialog: use words such as ‘duty’ and
dialog: ‘responsibility’, because I don’t
dialog: believe such concepts to be bases for
dialog: human behavior. I’ve advocated
dialog: strongly for self-interest as the
dialog: only rational basis.
text: She looks at Posner.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I recently told my attorney that
dialog: ideology is dead; that people merely
dialog: co-opt whichever political school of
dialog: thought best serves their desire to
dialog: profit personally. Looking back on my
dialog: history of representations, I can
dialog: only marvel at how wrong I was.
text: Backs straighten in the public gallery, surprised at the hint
dialog: of contrition.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: My decision to refuse the Gun Lobby,
dialog: and to work for the Heaton-Harris
dialog: campaign, was decidedly contrary to
dialog: the interests of my career,
dialog: reputation, my bank balance, and
dialog: sanity. I’ve been branded a master
text: manipulator, and a parasite on
dialog: American democracy. I must say, I
dialog: took the job at Peterson Wyatt for
dialog: reasons which weren’t entirely
dialog: consistent with my world view.
text: Forde stands at the back of the gallery, listening intently to
text: her every word. Elizabeth’s eyes flash to him.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I guess, sometimes, people challenge
dialog: themselves - do things they don’t
dialog: fully understand, that don’t make
dialog: sense to them, or even things they’re
dialog: not comfortable with... Not from any
dialog: self-serving impulse to protect their
dialog: lot, but as a matter of principle.
dialog: Because they happen to believe, in
dialog: the circumstances, it’s plainly and
dialog: simply the right thing to do.
text: Forde straightens, raises his head, as if he knows she’s
text: talking to him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Next Sunday, it will have been eight
dialog: months since Claudia, Lisa, and
dialog: Hannah Patterson were shot dead,
dialog: without rhyme or reason, in the
dialog: Southridge Mall, Greendale,
dialog: Wisconsin.
scene_heading: INT. PATTERSON RESIDENCE (WISCONSIN) - CONTINUOUS - PRESENT
dialog: Joel Patterson (from page 41), who lost his wife and children
text: in the shooting, is glued to Elizabeth’s speech on TV, taking
text: it all in, resolute in his efforts to hold back tears.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (ON TV; FILTERED) (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I wasn’t personally acquainted with
dialog: these people, nor have I ever known a
dialog: gun victim. But there are many out
dialog: there who aren’t so lucky. Joel
text: Patterson, a loving husband and
dialog: father. Their friends and teachers,
dialog: past and present. Anyone whose lives
dialog: those three innocent people would
dialog: have touched. They need a voice.
scene_heading: INT. CONGRESSIONAL HEARING ROOM - CONTINUOUS - PRESENT
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: The truth is, I took on each and
dialog: every one of my representations
dialog: because I believed, as a matter of
dialog: ideology, in the causes I for which
dialog: advocated.
dialog: (echoing George Dupont)
dialog: Some may regard this as ‘infantile,
dialog: save-the-world idealism’, but I’ve
dialog: come to realize that conviction-
dialog: lobbying served my interests very
dialog: well; it catapulted me over the
dialog: legions of mercenaries, to the very
dialog: top of my industry; all without
dialog: playing golf, or being a man.
text: CHUCKLES from the crowd. Rodolfo Schmidt smiles widely, eyes
text: glazed, remembering their very first conversation.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: My point is this, and there’s no
dialog: better place to make it than on
dialog: national TV, before America’s
dialog: assembled press...
text: Brian and Ross share a look, remembering when they bemoaned
text: the absence of a platform for their under-publicized cause.
dialog: Their wheels turning: Did Elizabeth orchestrate all of this?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: What sets humans apart is our
dialog: capacity for reason. The foresight to
dialog: realize that our interests are best
dialog: served not by short-term grabs for
dialog: personal gain, but by holding a real
dialog: ideology... Cherishing it; using it
dialog: as a guide for all our decisions and
dialog: our actions. We can maximize our gain
dialog: not by engaging in zero-sum games of
dialog: I-win-you-lose, but by cooperating -
dialog: doing what we believe is right, not
dialog: just for ourselves, but for everyone.
dialog: We'd all be better off this way,
dialog: individually and collectively; we
dialog: could all have it so much better -
dialog: with so little effort, if only we
dialog: could just see--
text: Elizabeth, usually so controlled and eloquent, stumbles over
text: her words. The wall of granite has crumbled. She looks to her
text: colleagues in the gallery, each full of pride and admiration.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Now, I know I’m not the easiest
dialog: person in the world to work with, but
text: in this room sit two sets of people
dialog: with very different ideologies. They
dialog: found common ground and made huge
dialog: sacrifices in their careers and
dialog: personal lives, all in the name of
dialog: doing what they believe is right. One
text: almost lost her life in the process.
text: Esme holds her gaze, her own walls finally coming down.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Some put their identity on the line
dialog: to serve a cause which ultimately
dialog: protects the essence of what that
dialog: very identity means to them.
text: Clara clenches Alex’s hand, a lump in her throat, knowing that
text: Elizabeth has finally given her the acknowledgement she’s
dialog: longed for.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: These people are not disinterested
dialog: altruists. They’re just smart enough
dialog: to realize that their own interests
dialog: are best served by doing the right
dialog: thing for society as a whole.
dialog: 116.
text: The team sit, wide-eyed, surprised, and moved by her tribute.
text: In another section of the public gallery, Jane sits next to
text: George Dupont. She shares their expression.
text: Elizabeth casts her gaze toward the six present Congressmen
text: who sit on the panel. They contemplate her words.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I urge members of Congress to do
dialog: likewise, and exercise their power
dialog: and influence in a manner that
dialog: benefits everyone, not just
dialog: themselves. Many an honest politician
dialog: has tried, only to be promptly voted
dialog: out, because there’s always someone -
text: some rat - who’s prepared to stoop
dialog: lower than the rest to get his nose
dialog: in the trough, and by so doing, turn
dialog: the entire electoral process into a
text: race to the bottom.
text: Now she aims a pointed stare at Congressman Sperling himself,
text: who sits in stone-faced silence.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Make no mistake. These are the real
dialog: parasites on American democracy.
text: Elizabeth tightens up her softening emotions, and levels her
text: chin, takes in the room.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: This game is one of trust; it only
dialog: works when everyone is playing.
dialog: People say, ad nauseam, that they
dialog: want change. I appeal to our finest
dialog: nature - for want of a better
dialog: expression - to be that change.
text: The packed room is stunned quiet. Journalists regard her
text: earnestly. Photographers have stopped snapping, put their
dialog: equipment down. Nobody expected this, not even Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: That’s not exactly the meme.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (emotional; under breath)
dialog: Shut up, Brian.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Right. It’s not important.
text: In the public gallery, Jane turns to George Dupont.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Mr. Dupont. I’d like to discuss my
dialog: future.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: This is hardly the time.
text: Back on the stand, Elizabeth sips from a glass of water, and
text: composes herself. Partially restores the granite wall.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Lobbying is about foresight. About
dialog: anticipating your opponent’s moves
dialog: and devising countermeasures. The
text: winner plots one step ahead of the
text: opposition, and plays her trump card
dialog: just after they play theirs. It’s
dialog: about making sure you surprise them,
dialog: and they don’t surprise you.
text: Posner's eyes narrow. He’s heard this spiel before, right at
dialog: the start of the hearings.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I anticipated that if I got
dialog: sufficiently close with Heaton-
dialog: Harris, there may be an assault
dialog: against me personally to stall our
dialog: momentum and tarnish our credibility.
text: Jane turns to Dupont again.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Actually, it is.
text: She hands him an envelope.
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: My resignation.
dialog: (she stands)
dialog: Academia’s more my scene.
text: Jane pivots and exits. Dupont regards the envelope like it
text: contains test results for Anthrax poisoning.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Ms. Sloane, I think it’s about time-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Before I left Cole, Kravitz, and
dialog: Waterman, I retained an operative of
dialog: mine in their ranks.
text: This sends the media into a FRENZY. Dupont’s eyes WIDEN. He
text: looks back after Jane. His ass is on fire.
scene_heading: SERIES OF FLASHBACKS:
dialog: - Ross breaks bad news to the team:
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: We'd run them close. And we've gone
dialog: further than I ever imagined. But on
dialog: the latest projections... We'd come
dialog: up anywhere between three to five
dialog: votes short.
dialog: 
text: - Elizabeth alone in the Strategy Room, phone to her ear:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Silly me. I should have written it
dialog: down.
text: - Jane briefs the Bob Sandford and the Gun Lobby team:
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: If we take all the uncommitted
dialog: Congressmen and split them 50-50,
dialog: they win. 60-40, they still win. We'd
dialog: need 64% to scrape it.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: How accurate is your count?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Very.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT - PAST
text: ECU on ASPHALT. A cybernetic COCKROACH, wearing an electronic
text: backpack scurries along the black top.
text: VIA A TELEPHOTO LENS - George Dupont approaches a parked
dialog: Lexus.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SAM
dialog: That's it, he’s going for the car.
dialog: Black Lexus.
dialog: (mock German)
dialog: Vo ist Ahnuld?
text: BACK IN THE PARKING LOT, the robo-roach scuttles up beside the
text: front right tire.
text: FROM THE CORNER OF THE PARKING LOT, Big Sam, styled as a
text: homeless guy, controls the cockroach with his iPhone.
text: Dupont stops to open the car door -
speaker_heading: LITTLE SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Now!
text: The cockroach CHARGES out and clings to the heel of George’s
text: shoe, just as he gets into the car.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: IN CAR -—
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Things not looking so good for the
dialog: mid-terms, Ron. You ask me, you're
dialog: gonna need a lot more TV time.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: I didn't ask you.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: A plot was hatched to use public
dialog: funds to bankroll a trumped-up
dialog: hearing at the behest of the Gun
dialog: Lobby. I had George Dupont under
dialog: surveillance until he met with a
dialog: member of Congress who exhibited
dialog: sufficient moral bankruptcy to adhere
dialog: to such a plan. That Congressman was
dialog: Ronald Michael Sperling.
text: The media climb on top of one another to get a shot.
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING
dialog: Order! This is not a platform you can
dialog: use to make malicious, defamato-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Input DNS address 193.184.216.119
dialog: into to a browser, download a file
dialog: named... Earthquake.
text: Everyone in the room bar Elizabeth and Sperling make a mad
text: rush for their phones and laptops. It’s PANDEMONIUM.
text: INSERT VIDEO - Close-up zoom of Sperling and George Dupont
text: through a car windshield, on a night-vision camera. High
text: quality audio is seamlessly synced.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING (ON VIDEO)
dialog: I’m committed to Heaton-Harris, I
dialog: can’t vote for it with one hand and
dialog: choke it with the other.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (ON VIDEO)
dialog: It needn't look that way. You’1ll be
dialog: leading an inquiry into Sloane’s
dialog: affairs in response to an article
text: exposing her litany of misdeeds.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN SPERLING (ON VIDEO)
dialog: What article?
speaker_heading: GEORGE (ON VIDEO)
dialog: We're arranging it.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: IN CAR -
text: Sperling BRUSHES his forearm vigorously, as if swatting at
text: some persistent itch. The source of the itch: Mr. Cockroach,
text: which burrows under the floor mat.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE:
text: The entire hearing room has descended into a febrile din of
text: cross-talk. Congressman Sperling hyperventilates; his act has
text: crumbled. Connors eyeballs space, red-faced, jaw clenched at
dialog: 1,000psi.
text: George is more fatalistic; stony gaze zeroed in on Elizabeth.
text: He rips open Jane’s envelope. Together with her resignation
text: letter is an old, crumpled sheet from a NOTEPAD - the same one
text: given to Elizabeth by Rodolfo the night they met. On it, in
dialog: Rodolfo’s handwritten scrawl:
dialog: 
text: A conviction-lobbyist never cheats. She exposes cheaters.
text: Below, Rodolfo’s quote for Elizabeth is written simply:
dialog: $0
text: George's eyes betray a glimmer of regret. He got played -
text: tactically, creatively, and ethically - and he knows it. Some
dialog: admiration, even.
text: A panelist Congressman BANGS his gavel and shouts:
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSMAN
dialog: In light of these allegations, this
dialog: hearing is adjourned!
text: He BANGS his gavel again as the room continues to pulsate.
text: Elizabeth’s eyes meet those of Rodolfo Schmidt. She gives him
text: a subtle, knowing shrug. He nods, now wise to her strategy.
text: They finally exchange a sincere smile.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: INT. MINIMUM SECURITY WOMENS’ PRISON - DAY - PRESENT
text: Visiting hour. Posner sits opposite Elizabeth. She has gained
text: a little weight, the color has returned to her face.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: You look good.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Prison’s not so bad if you don’t have
text: a penis. The guys shank each other,
dialog: we form self-help groups. There’s a
text: black market economy in lip gloss.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, you’re my first visitor? I
dialog: wasn’t sure I’d see you here.
text: Posner regards the sentiment with a gentle nod.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: I’m curious. FIFO. That was you,
text: throwing them a bone. Without it,
dialog: they really would've had nothing to
dialog: incite the hearing?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: See? Not so terrible after all. I was
dialog: hoping nobody would notice the breach
dialog: was committed on the day I departed.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: (figuring)
dialog: And you withheld this part of your
dialog: strategy from your deposable team
dialog: members because...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Five years minimum.
text: Posner regards her, realizing the extent to which he has
dialog: misjudged this woman.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: You instigated the whole thing.
text: Brought the roof of the US Capitol
dialog: crashing down on your head, put
dialog: yourself - among others - through all
dialog: of this. For what, a gun bill?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: How’s that doing, by the way?
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: The Gun Lobby has supplanted Wall
dialog: Street as America’s most hated. You'd
dialog: have to talk to Ross for the numbers,
text: but it’s moving again.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Then it worked. I wouldn’t have moved
text: without a plan to win.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: But for what? This was career
dialog: suicide. No firm’s going near you,
dialog: not now. You’re too high-profile.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I knew this would be my last hurrah
dialog: the moment I conceived it.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: You're the champion of self-interest,
dialog: right? I fail to see how self-
text: immolation in furtherance of a gun
dialog: bill is in your interests. This was
text: disinterested altruism.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Career suicide might sound bad... but
dialog: it’s not when you consider the
dialog: alternative is suicide by career. Any
dialog: of my eleven doctors would tell you
dialog: I’ve served my interests very well.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: (gets it)
dialog: You really think you can slow down?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I took two years to read a hundred
dialog: pages of The Litigators. I read the
dialog: remaining three hundred in four days.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: And on the outside?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: At least now, I have a chance to find
dialog: out.
dialog: (she stands)
dialog: Thank you for coming, Daniel.
text: She offers her hand. Posner gets up, but does not shake.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: Actually, we're not quite finished
dialog: here. We couldn’t do this earlier
dialog: because of depositions for the Sloane-
dialog: gate hearings.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Do what earlier?
text: Posner motions to the waiting area of the visitation wing,
text: behind a wall of reinforced glass. Elizabeth looks over --
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: POSNER
dialog: You got some visitors.
text: -- to see her ENTIRE TEAM:
text: Rodolfo Schmidt, head high, full of admiration and respect;
text: Jane, smiling, tears welling;
text: Alex and Clara hold hands, now a couple;
text: Ross applauds from afar, his mind still blown by her ruse;
text: Esme, dressed casually and looking more relaxed than ever;
text: Brian, Lauren, and Franklin complete the equation. They make
text: their way past security.
text: Elizabeth doesn’t know how to react; the idea that they’ve all
dialog: taken time out of their busy lives, traveled all this way -
dialog: just to see her, to be there for her - it’s too much.
text: She starts to tear up, and turns away instinctively, loathes
dialog: to show any weakness in public. But this is the one battle she
text: knows she can’t win. She turns back and moves toward her
text: colleagues - now, unequivocally, her friends too.
text: Jane is first to greet her, and they enter into a long
text: embrace. Emotions bubble over. The rest of her team gather
dialog: round. All look very much at ease. Dare we say, like a family.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: INT. CONGRESSIONAL HEARING ROOM - DAY - PRESENT
text: A familiar sight. A packed house, not a spare seat in the
text: gallery. Cameras SNAP. That pulsating BUZZ of anticipation.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: We're live from Capitol Hill where
dialog: George Dupont and Congressman Ron
dialog: Sperling are due to face charges of
dialog: conspiracy, corruption, and abuse of
dialog: powers. If found guilty, both men
dialog: could face lengthy jail sentences...
text: MEDIA FRENZY as Congressman Sperling and George Dupont are
text: marched to their seats by a phalanx of CAPITOL POLICE.
speaker_heading: REPORTER # 2 (V.O.)
dialog: «+. Far-reaching scandal involving
dialog: key players from D.C. lobbying firm
dialog: Cole, Kravitz and Waterman; Bob
dialog: Sandford, President of the Gun Lobby;
dialog: award-winning journalist Pru West...
scene_heading: INT. MINIMUM SECURITY WOMENS’ PRISON - DAY - PRESENT
dialog: 
text: Elizabeth is handed a bag of personal effects. She hugs three
text: FEMALE INMATES she has befriended during her stay.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: REPORTER # 3 (V.O.)
dialog: «+. Accused of buying a series of
dialog: Congressional hearings to smear and
dialog: frustrate pro-gun control advocate
dialog: Elizabeth Sloane in her efforts to
dialog: promote the Heaton-Harris Amend...
speaker_heading: REPORTER # 4 (V.O.)
dialog: «+. Expected to be signed into law on
dialog: Tuesday, meaning, for the first time
dialog: in America’s history, it will be
dialog: impossible to buy a gun from anyone
dialog: without undergoing extensive criminal
dialog: and mental health background checks.
scene_heading: EXT. MINIMUM SECURITY WOMENS’ PRISON - DAY - PRESENT
text: Elizabeth is shown out of a discreet side exit. She’s dressed
text: in casual, comfortable clothing. A sharp contrast from her
text: usual urban warrior business attire.
text: She tries to hail a cab, but the first one to pass is
text: occupied. Her eye catches something across the street...
text: FORDE leans against the side of his pickup, a_cup of coffee in
text: each hand. Their eyes meet. They hold the stare for a long
text: moment. Forde plays it cool as ever. He casually observes her,
text: waiting for a reaction.
text: Elizabeth straightens out. A smile creases her cheeks...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
