speaker_heading: MOBY DICK
speaker_heading: PART ONE
speaker_heading: ACT 1
dialog: 
scene_heading: TITLES OVER:
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET HEADLANDS - EVENING
text: Majestic black cliffs tower over the rocky coastline of
text: the Atlantic seaboard. A stormy winter sky. Dwarfed by
text: this mighty vista, a speck of a man descends toward the
text: grey vastness of the ocean.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET SHORELINE - EVENING
text: Powerful waves crash against coastal rocks. ISHMAEL
text: (late 20's), an inquisitive young man with an amiable, intelligent
text: face, ventures along a beachside trail
text: against the beating wind, toting a small satchel.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET -EVENING
text: An 1850's whaling seaport. Muddy streets and an old,
text: rain-slicked dock. A cold, stark, unforgiving place.
text: Tall-masted ships sway beside the dock, wind buffeting
text: their furled rigging. In b.g., a glimpse of a dramatic
text: sunset between darkening thunderheads.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKSIDE SHEDS - EVENING
text: THREE NANTUCKET WOMEN in dark clothes and shawls collect baskets
text: from a storage shed, their faces etched by years
text: of hardship and woe. A look of widows about them.
text: Ishmael passes before them, and we follow him through
text: a clutter of barrels and ship refuse into town.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET STREET - EVENING
text: A short block of brick houses and taverns. A FEW PEOPLE
text: scurry about, hugging buildings to escape the storm.
text: Ishmael bundles along the sidewalk, drawn to the warm
text: glow of oil lamps behind thick-paned windows.
text: Across the street, ELIJAH, a stooped, scrawny old man
text: wrapped in a tattered oilskin cape, watches Ishmael with
text: demented eyes, muttering to himself.
text: Ishmael pauses under a tavern sign with a harpoon crucifix, "THE
text: CROSSED HARPOONS". He peers through the window:
scene_heading: INT. THE CROSSED HARPOONS -EVENING
text: Shabby but lively, a loud revelry in progress.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET STREET -EVENING
text: As Ishmael looks in, the tavern door swings open. A
text: jovial, barrel-chested man (STUBB) clamors out with
text: TWO DOXIES in each arm, laughing spiritedly. Ishmael
text: backs up against the window to steer clear. Stubb and
text: his prostitutes bustle off into the stormy night.
text: Ishmael considers the tavern and digs out a few meager
text: coins from his pocket. Someone distracts him:
text: Crazy, old Elijah eyeballs him from across the street.
text: Ishmael reacts and protectively pockets his coins. He
text: moves on.
text: A short distance further, another tavern with a sign
text: overhead, swinging in the wind: "THE SPOUTER-INN,
text: PETER COFFIN, PROPRIETOR". Ishmael glances through
dialog: the window.
scene_heading: INT. SPOUTER INN - EVENING
text: Shabbier than the last inn, poorly lit.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET STREET - EVENING
text: Ishmael nods to himself. Perfect. He steps inside,
text: as lightning flashes and thunder CRACKS behind him.
text: Elijah suddenly appears at the window, the lightning
text: reflecting his wild eyes. Staring inside, he licks his
text: lips for want of a drink then wraps his cape around
text: himself to stave off the windy chill. He wanders off, babbling
text: incoherently.
scene_heading: INT. SPOUTER INN -EVENING
text: A deserted anteroom. VOICES drift in from a rear dining
text: room, its doorway framed by a huge whale jawbone.
text: Ishmael drops his satchel, removes his coat and hangs it
text: on a rack. He stops to notice a painting on a dark wall.
text: Trying to make out its massive center image, Ishmael draws closer
text: to focus on the eye of a mammoth sperm whale:
text: A terrifying depiction of a monstrous leviathan, leaping
text: over a ship's tall masts.
text: Ishmael is transfixed by it. A voice startles him:
speaker_heading: COFFIN (0.S.)
dialog: Goin' to sea, are ye?
text: PETER COFFIN, the stout tavern owner, appears in the
text: jawbone doorway and looks him over amusedly. Ishmael
text: smiles eagerly and steps over to the inn counter.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Aye, that I am.
text: Moving behind the counter, Coffin turns the registration
text: book around, takes a pen and dips it into an inkwell.
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: Ship's mate, I suppose?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: No.
text: He takes the pen and signs his name, Coffin watching him.
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: A passenger, then?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
text: Not very likely. A passenger
dialog: needs a wallet, and that's
dialog: just a slice of leather when
dialog: there's nothing in it.
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: A commodore, then? Or a cook?
text: Ishmael laughs. As if echoing him, a GUST OF LAUGHTER
text: blows in from the dining room.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: No, a simple sailor, jumping
dialog: from spar to spar like a
text: grasshopper in a May meadow...
dialog: like a slave you might say,
dialog: but who isn't a slave? Tell
dialog: me that?
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: I suppose then you're goin'
dialog: whalin'?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Aye! Might ye have a room
dialog: then for a simple sailor,
dialog: Mister...Coffin, is it?
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: Aye. If ye got no objection
dialog: to sharin' a blanket with a
text: simple harpooner.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Harpooner? Well...I'd rather
dialog: put up with half any decent
dialog: man's blanket than wander
dialog: further on so bitter a night.
text: Another GALE OF LAUGHTER from the dining area. Ishmael
text: peers curiously around the counter to see the doorway:
text: A room filled with bawdy, gruff-looking men. Standing
text: close by the doorway is FLASK, a short, pugnacious
text: mariner in a restless mood.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: Could that be him, sir? The
dialog: harpooner you mentioned?
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: No...that's Mister Flask,
dialog: with the rest of the Grampus
dialog: crew. Just landed. Liquor's
dialog: already gone to their heads!
text: Flask quickly takes his leave and crosses the anteroom
text: toward the front door. Coffin chuckles at him:
speaker_heading: COFFIN (cont'd)
dialog: Off lookin' to board another
dialog: ship, are ye, Flask?
text: Flask nods with a haughty sneer, glancing over Ishmael.
text: He swaggers out without a word.
speaker_heading: COFFIN (cont'd)
dialog: Well, that's that. As I
dialog: expected. He's already sick
text: of solid ground. Burns his
dialog: feet, it does. Firm land,
dialog: I mean.
scene_heading: INT. SPOUTER INN HALLWAY -EVENING
text: 0il lamp in hand, Coffin leads Ishmael through a narrow,
text: twisty corridor of labyrinthine turns and steps.
text: Up three steps and down, around a corner and over another
text: set of steps, passing dim-lit doors. Coffin walks fast, Ishmael
text: struggling to keep up. As they pass one door...
text: A giggling, half-naked girl (one of Stubb's Doxies)
text: spills out. Stubb yanks her back inside, slams the door.
text: Ishmael pauses to look back, puzzling over their MUFFLED LAUGHTER.
text: Coffin glances back with a chortle.
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: That Mister Stubb ain't seen
text: a skirt in narry two years.
dialog: (waves him on)
dialog: Step lively, lad, I haven't
dialog: got all night.
scene_heading: INT. SPOUTER INN ROOM -EVENING
text: The door opens into a dark room with sparse furnishings
text: and a modest-sized bed. Coffin lights an oil lamp.
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: This whale oil's gettin' a
dialog: bit low. I'd best refill
dialog: it tomorrow...
text: Ishmael regards the bed ambivalently.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Seems a trifle small for two
dialog: grown men.
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: Well, if you're goin' to go
dialog: whalin', ye better get used
dialog: to that sort of thing. Why,
dialog: look at that bed! It's the
dialog: largest one in the house!
dialog: Sal and me slept in that bed
dialog: the night we were spliced.
dialog: Plenty of room...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Mind ye, I'm not complaining,
dialog: Mister Coffin...I'd just like
dialog: to know what kind of man I'd
dialog: be sharing it with.
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: Well, it's almost Sunday.
dialog: That harpooner likely anchored
text: somewhere else for the night.
dialog: Make yerself comfortable,
dialog: Mister...what's yer name?
text: Ishmael turns an innocent smile.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Call me...Ishmael.
text: Coffin nods and exits, closing the door behind him.
text: Ishmael gazes around the room. In a corner sits a
text: giant sea chest with mysterious, painted designs.
text: Pondering it, Ishmael takes off his boots and pants,
text: crawls under the bed's blanket and leans toward the
text: bedside oil lamp. He blows it out.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPTAIN AHAB'S HOME -NIGHT
text: Lightning illuminates a two-story brick house on the
text: outskirts of town. Lamplights burn behind the windows
dialog: of both floors.
text: Passing before the second-floor light, a man's shadow
text: paces back and forth with feverish intensity.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN AHAB'S HOME -NIGHT
text: A lamp casts a shuddery glow over a pale, haggard
text: woman (AHAB'S WIFE) who sits before the dying embers
text: of a hearth, wrapped in a woolen shawl. Close beside
text: her sits a timid, 12-year-old boy (AHAB'S SON),
text: slight of build with an angelic face.
text: Eyes turned to the ceiling, both listen apprehensively
text: to a METHODIC, DRY THUNK on the wood floor upstairs,
text: pacing relentlessly...the FOOTFALLS OF A PEG LEG.
text: A LOUD KNOCK at the door -- the two jump out of their
text: skins. Upstairs, the PACING STOPS. Unmoving, the Wife
text: stares at the door. A tense beat.
text: Another UNSETTLING KNOCK. The Wife nervously fingers
text: her shawl. The Son sits rigidly. Both waiting...
text: ANGLE ON a staircase, the top half blocked from view
text: by a wooden overhang. From the top of the stairs, a
text: steady THUNK-CLOP, THUNK-CLOP. Finally, a foot steps
text: down into view...then a white whale-bone peg leg. It
text: descends slowly and painfully, as we see elaborate
text: leather straps connecting it to a severed thigh.
text: The Wife and Son watch with fear, mesmerized.
text: On the staircase, a man's chest lowers into view...
text: then the face of CAPTAIN AHAB. A face of fury and
text: power, molded in bronze, eyes black as night.
text: A long white scar streaks down from his bald crown
text: to his collar. A fierce visage set in granite.
text: A third BOOMING KNOCK at the door. Ahab glances
text: at his wife and child, his expression unchanged.
text: The anxious-faced Wife trembles.
text: Dragging his peg leg to the door with agonizing
text: THUNKS, Ahab opens it into the night...
text: An icy GUST sweeps inside -- the lamp flickers out,
text: cinder sparks fly from the hearth!
text: Silhouetted against the harsh storm, FIVE GHOSTLY
text: FIGURES fill the doorway. Their faces unseen, one
text: with a turbaned head. A lightning flash gives us
text: a quick glimpse -- sinister, demonic Arab faces.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET STREET -LATE NIGHT
text: Few lights are still burning, the storm died down.
text: The street is obscured by fog.
text: A tall figure (QUEEQUEG) looms in the fog, carrying
text: a lethal-looking harpoon like a shepherd's staff.
text: He struts his way toward the Spouter Inn.
scene_heading: INT. SPOUTER INN ROOM -LATE NIGHT
text: In bed, Ishmael arouses from deep slumber, sensing
text: something. Then he settles back to sleep.
scene_heading: INT. SPOUTER INN HALLWAY - LATE NIGHT
text: Viewed from Ishmael's door, the tall, ominous figure
text: lumbers down the dark hall toward us.
scene_heading: INT. SPOUTER INN ROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Ishmael is startled awake by a LOUD CREAK of the door.
text: He peeks out of the covers.
text: The tall figure enters and leans his immense harpoon
text: gently against a wall, as if it were delicate china.
text: He lights a small candle on a dresser.
text: A dark-skinned Polynesian, Queequeg's clean-shaved face
text: is covered with strange, exotic tattoos. His face is
text: ferocious-looking and yet tranquil, almost innocent in character.
text: He pulls a satchel off his shoulder, opens
text: it and takes out what vaguely resembles a doll's head.
text: Obscure in the dim light, Ishmael watches in awe.
text: It's a shrunken human head. Queequeg lifts it up to
text: the candlelight and chants some indecipherable words
dialog: to it.
text: Ishmael stares warily from his covers.
text: Queequeg abruptly stops his invocation, stuffs the head
text: back into his satchel and moves the candle to the bedside
text: table. He quickly undresses.
text: Ishmael can't take his eyes off the muscular, tattooed
text: body -- as Queequeg leaps into the bed beside him.
text: Still unaware of Ishmael's presence, Queequeg produces
text: a long tomahawk pipe, leans toward the candle, lights
text: the pipe and sits back in bed, puffing serenely.
text: He rests his free hand down next to him...directly onto Ishmael's
dialog: face.
text: Ishmael stiffens with fear. Queequeg freezes. Ishmael
text: tries to jump out of bed -- but Queequeg grabs him by his
text: nightshirt collar and firmly holds him down. He deftly
text: wields his tomahawk, its blade against Ishmael's throat.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Who de debel is you?! You
dialog: don't speak up, I kill-e!
text: Ishmael gapes up in strangled terror, gasping.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: (cries out)
dialog: Landlord! Mister Coffin!
text: Queequeg's frown tightens, though somehow more curious
text: than angry. He presses the blade of the tomahawk harder against
text: Ishmael's throat and growls:
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Speak! Tell-ee me who ye be
dialog: or, dam-me, I kill-ee!
text: The door to the room flies open. Coffin steps quickly
text: inside. An amused smile, as he feigns concern.
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: Look here, Queequeg, stop
dialog: that!
text: Queequeg turns his attention to Coffin, just long enough
text: for Ishmael to wriggle away. Ishmael scrambles out of
text: the bed, outraged, to Coffin:
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: 10.
dialog: Why didn't you tell me this...
dialog: harpooner I'm sharing a bed
dialog: with is a bleedin' CANNIBAL,
dialog: for Christ's sake?!
text: Coffin pays no attention to Ishmael as he faces Queequeg.
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: Queequeg, listen to me...you
dialog: sabbee me, I sabbee you, no?
text: Queequeg nods thoughtfully. He lights his tomahawk pipe,
text: smoke enveloping his tattooed face.
speaker_heading: COFFIN
dialog: This man sleep here in this
dialog: bed. With you, you sabbee?
text: Queequeg nods again. He looks at Ishmael, who stares
text: with open dismay at this immense Polynesian harpooner.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Me sabbee plenty.
dialog: (points at Ishmael)
dialog: You get-ee in.
text: Ishmael glances at Coffin, who grins and nods at the
text: bed. Queequeg, smiling good-heartedly, hands his pipe
text: to Ishmael. Hesitating but more relaxed, Ishmael takes
text: it and draws a mouthful of smoke. And promptly gags.
text: Tears and coughing. Queequeg laughs, loud and hard.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET HARBOR DOCK -LATE NIGHT
text: The storm over, the harbor is silent and deathly still.
text: The dock is dense with fog.
text: Amidst a dockside rubble of discarded sails, old Elijah
text: half-sleeps fitfully, huddled under a filthy sailcloth, covered
dialog: in frost.
text: GROUPED FOOTSTEPS startles him wide awake. Among them,
text: the unmistakable SOUND of a PEG LEG STRIKING STONE.
text: Elijah stares out with troubled dread:
text: Like apparitions of the night, six dark shapes materialize
text: out of the fog and march toward a docked, three-masted
dialog: 11.
text: whaling ship. The Pequod. They strut inexorably up the gangplank,
text: their central figure's STEPS bold and clear. THUNK-CLOP,
scene_heading: THUNK-CLOP...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: ACT 2
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. SPOUTER INN ROOM -MORNING
text: Cold sunlight peeks into the room from the only window. Queequeg
text: sleeps, his arm wrapped around Ishmael's chest. Ishmael lies
text: awake, immobilized by Queequeg's unconscious embrace.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Queequeg!
text: A loud snore. Ishmael puts some serious effort into trying
text: to liberate himself, to no avail.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Queequeg...wake up, ye big,
dialog: savage oaf! In the name of
dialog: goodness. ..WAKE UP!
text: He writhes, pushes and strains his way free of the giant harpooner,
text: who slowly wakes. Ishmael drops his feet to
text: the floor and shakes his head. To himself:
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: Must be dreamin' of his savage
dialog: wife, back in whatever savage
dialog: place he escaped from!
text: Queequeg's eyes open. He grins at Ishmael, yawns and
text: leaps out of bed with amazing agility.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: Good morning to ye too, big
dialog: king of the typhoon snore...
text: Ishmael stares with bewilderment at his brown torso,
text: covered with tattoos from head to toe. Queequeg's grin
text: is friendly, as though he were used to being gawked at.
scene_heading: INT. SPOUTER INN DINING ROOM -MORNING
text: A vast platter of steaming steaks is plopped down on a
dialog: 12.
text: large table by a stout, red-faced woman, SAL COFFIN.
text: As soon as the platter is on the table, the sharp
text: spear of a harpoon stabs a fat cut of bloody red meat.
text: Queequeg transfers the steak to his plate with quiet
text: ceremony, the entire maneuver performed with exquisite gentleness
text: and good manners. Setting aside his harpoon
text: on the floor, he digs in.
text: Ishmael watches him, baffled. The rest of the men
dialog: don't seem to have noticed anything unusual. They
text: reach for meat and bread, far less politely, and
text: noisily chow down. A brown and brawny bunch, Stubb
text: and Flask among them. Ishmael glances behind him:
dialog: 
text: BULKINGTON, a handsome, stalwart seaman with a quiet
text: reserve, sits at another table with his young, pretty
text: FIANCEE. They talk in low voices, holding hands.
text: Ishmael turns back...the platter of steaks is almost
text: empty. He takes the last cut, a small, overcooked
text: portion. Studies it with resignation. He's about
text: to cut into it, when his steak is removed by Sal...
text: She grins and presents him with a whole new platter
text: piled high with fine, rare slices. Stubb and Flask
text: chuckle at Ishmael. Sal gives them a stern look.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: What're YOU laughin' at, ye
dialog: chowder -headed bumpkins?!
dialog: (to Ishmael)
dialog: Eat, young man! No one here's
dialog: in a more privileged position
dialog: than any other. Ye haven't gone
dialog: to sea yet, have ye? Out there
dialog: a lowly sailor's got to wait for
dialog: a second mate to help himself...
dialog: (pokes at Stubb)
dialog: ...Like this boobie here! Or
dialog: he's got to wait for this greasy
dialog: baboon of a third mate HERE!
text: She give Flask a nudge, knocking the cap off his head.
speaker_heading: SAL (cont'd)
dialog: But not in MY establishment!
dialog: (back to Ishmael)
dialog: So eat, laddie! Eat!
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Yes indeed, ma'am!
text: He reaches enthusiastically for the platter, Stubb and
text: Flask laughing heartily at him.
text: Queequeg stabs up a steak with his harpoon and drops
text: it on Ishmael's plate with a big grin. Ishmael smiles
text: back, getting used to his new friend.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET STREET -DAY
text: A clear, crisp winter day on the now crowded street.
text: Ishmael and Queequeg emerge from the Spouter Inn, Ishmael pushing
text: an old wheelbarrow piled up with his satchel and Queequeg's sea
dialog: chest.
text: Puffing on his tomahawk, Queequeg reaches into his bag
text: and produces the shrunken head. Ishmael reacts, glancing around
text: self-consciously.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Queequeg, put that thing
dialog: away! These good Nantucket
dialog: Christians will take you for
dialog: the devil himself.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: (puzzledly)
dialog: Why do-ee say?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: For God's sake, it's a man's
dialog: head! A very dead real man,
dialog: too! Nantucketers don't carry
dialog: the dead around in their bags!
dialog: They bury ‘em, don't ye know
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Aye! Nantucketers buy-em too,
dialog: I tell-ee! For many coins!
text: However, Queequeg puts away the head. He withdraws a
text: wooden statuette from his bag and gestures over it.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Me Yojo tell-ee what ship
dialog: 14.
dialog: Queequeg and-ee ship out on!
dialog: He sabbee! Yojo and-ee,
dialog: sabbee?
text: Ishmael looks down at the statuette, then inquisitively
dialog: at Queequeg.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You're sayin' your...Yojo
dialog: wants ME to choose a ship?
dialog: Is that what you mean?
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Will ye be shippin' out with
dialog: me then? Is that what you're
dialog: trying to tell me, Queequeg?
text: Queequeg nods with a bright grin, his sharpened teeth
text: white as snow. He reaches into his bag again and brings
text: out a handful of coins. Dropping them unceremoniously
text: to the ground, he stops and crouches there.
text: Ishmael stops and sets down the wheelbarrow, watching
text: him curiously.
text: Queequeg divides the coins into two separate piles,
text: pockets half of them, then stands and plops the other
text: half into Ishmael's hand.
text: Ishmael doesn't understand, but Queequeg has already
text: turned away to continue on down the street. Ishmael
text: grabs the barrow and catches up to him.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Queequeg! Wait, stop...AVAST
dialog: there, mate!
text: Queequeg stops and waits, puffing patiently on his pipe.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: Listen, my friend...this is
dialog: simply out of the question!
dialog: What the devil is the matter
dialog: with ye?!
text: A puzzled, hurt look from Queequeg.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Ee don't want ship out wid
dialog: Queequeg?
text: Ishmael tries to hand the coins back to Queequeg, who
text: ignores the gesture, waiting for an answer.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: No...I mean yes, of course
dialog: I will! What I mean is...
dialog: YOU'RE better suited to pick
text: out a whaler best fitted to
dialog: carry us, not I.
dialog: (pushes coins back)
dialog: And I shall certainly not
dialog: take your money!
text: Not looking at the coins, Queequeg thoughtfully exhales
text: smoke, trying to understand.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: Listen, Queequeg...I fear I
dialog: must make a confession.
dialog: (leans closer)
dialog: I used to be a school teacher.
dialog: D'ye know what that is?
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Aye. Missionary.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Well, not exactly. What I'm
dialog: tryin' to say is...I never
dialog: jumped a spar in my life.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Ishmael no sailor?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Aye. Meno sailor. It's
dialog: just, ye see...I have this
dialog: burnin' desire to go to sea.
text: Queequeg grins, understanding perfectly. He pats the
text: satchel with utter confidence.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Yojo sabbee. Ishmael pick
dialog: ship.
text: He takes over the wheelbarrow and pushes on. Ishmael
text: catches up with him, and the two stride together
text: toward the port. Ishmael smiles, feeling better now. Queequeg
text: SINGS a lyrical Polynesian TUNE to himself,
text: smiling aside at LOCAL CHILDREN, who gawk up at him
text: as he passes by.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET DOCK -DAY
text: At the bustling dockside, the Pequod is being fitted
dialog: for a long voyage.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (DOCKED) - DAY
text: A short, bent SHIP'S CARPENTER with a wrinkled face
text: oversees the loading of lumber. His body is wracked
text: with arthritis, but for his powerful arms and hands.
text: An old, grizzled SHIP'S COOK watches, as DOCKHANDS
text: carry food stores and water barrels on deck.
text: By his side is PIP (12), a black cabin boy of small
text: stature with a playful face. Merry as a cricket and
text: bright as a cherub. He toys with a tambourine as he
text: watches the bustle of activity. A cheerful presence,
text: clearly appreciated by the men at work.
text: Overseeing the loading operation from an old wicker
text: chair by the gangplank is a heavy-set, retired captain,
text: PELEG, dressed in the Quaker style. He watches with sharp-eyed
dialog: care at every passing item, writing them
text: down on a thick ledger.
text: The SOUND of Queequeg's powerful CHANTING VOICE wafts
text: over the dock. SHIP'S CREWMEN steal glances at the
text: curious duo down below, as they approach.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET DOCK - DAY
text: Queequeg ceases his chanting, scanning the contours of
text: the Pequod's tall masts. Ishmael looks up with him,
text: studying the old vessel with admiration and curiosity.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: 17.
dialog: It's an old ship...preparing
dialog: for a long voyage, I gather.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Aye. She be long-seasoned
dialog: ship.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: And covered with whale teeth!
text: Their eyes lower to the deck, where each bulwark is
text: decorated with the long sharp teeth of sperm whales,
text: some used for fastening ropes. Queequeg nods, but
text: says nothing. Ishmael ponders the whole ship.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: There's something a bit...
dialog: melancholy about her, if
dialog: you ask me.
text: As if to contradict him, Pip PLAYS his tambourine and
text: hums in a light, angelic voice. Queequeg smiles at
text: him, some vague brotherly connection between them.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: Well...I suppose Yojo's made
dialog: our choice for us.
text: He musters courage and struts up the gangplank, trying
text: to look swarthy. Queequeg waits on the dock, smoking
text: and leaning on his harpoon, still assessing the Pequod.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (DOCKED) -DAY
text: Ishmael stops before Peleg, who barely acknowledges him.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Beg pardon, sir? Might this
dialog: be the Captain?
text: Peleg stops writing and faces Ishmael with a closed expression.
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: Supposing it be. What d'ye
dialog: want with him?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I was thinking of shippin'.
dialog: 18.
text: Peleg frowns and looks him over critically.
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: You're no Nantucketer. What
dialog: d'ye know about whaling?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Nothing, sir, but I want to
dialog: see what whaling is. I want
dialog: to see the world.
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: (laughs at that)
dialog: Can't you see the world from
dialog: where ye stand, young man? You
dialog: want to see what whaling is, do
dialog: ye? Are ye man enough to pitch
text: a harpoon down a live whale's
dialog: throat, then jump after it? Well,
dialog: I'll tell ye this much: there's
dialog: death in this business, and it
dialog: can bundle a man quite quickly
dialog: into eternity. Does that
dialog: frighten ye?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: No sir, it does not.
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: I see. Then have ye clapped
dialog: eyes yet on Captain Ahab?
text: A ripple of discreet CHUCKLING from the crewmen nearby.
text: Pip taps his tambourine forbodingly. Ishmael's puzzled
text: but remains undaunted.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Captain Ahab, sir? Who is
dialog: Captain Ahab?
text: BILDAD, another older gentleman, appears from below deck.
text: As thin as Peleg is round, he glances over Ishmael with
text: a dry, tight-lipped expression.
speaker_heading: BILDAD
dialog: "Who is Ahab?" Who is THIS,
dialog: Peleg?
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: 19.
dialog: He says he's our man, Bildad!
dialog: He wants to ship!
speaker_heading: BILDAD
dialog: Do ye, now?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I do! Yessir!
speaker_heading: BILDAD
text: His lungs are sort of soft.
dialog: (to Ishmael)
dialog: Captain Ahab is the captain
dialog: of this ship, young fellow.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: But I thought I WAS speakin'
dialog: to the Captain, sir.
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: You're speaking to Captain
dialog: Bildad. I'm Captain Peleg.
dialog: We own this fine specimen,
dialog: and it's our job to see to
dialog: it that she's fitted out
dialog: with all her needs...
dialog: (a doubtful look)
dialog: Including, sir, a crew with
dialog: goodly experience.
text: Frustrated that he's failing this interview , Ishmael
text: glances back toward Queequeg for support.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET DOCK - DAY
text: Queequeg sits on the wheelbarrow of their belongings, obliviously
text: smoking his tomahawk pipe.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (DOCKED) - DAY
text: On his own, Ishmael turns back to Peleg.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Where IS this Captain Ahab,
dialog: 20.
dialog: sir?
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: What do ye want with him?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: To see him. I'd like to...
dialog: see him.
text: The men at work now slow their pace, eavesdropping.
text: Pip rattles his tambourine at an ominous tempo, until
text: the Cook gestures him to cease.
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: That's highly unlikely. He
dialog: won't always see me, so I
dialog: rather doubt he'll see you!
dialog: A strange man, he is indeed...
dialog: (to Bildad)
text: A great, ungodly, god-like
dialog: man, I'd say.
speaker_heading: BILDAD
dialog: Aye, but above the common.
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: (to Ishmael)
dialog: He doesn't speak much...but
dialog: when he does, you'd do well
dialog: to listen.
text: A huge shadow crosses over them. Peleg and Bildad
text: fall silent as they look up.
text: Queequeg towers over them, standing behind Ishmael
text: with his harpoon. He nods at Ishmael, encouraging
text: him to introduce him. Ishmael understands.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: This is my friend Queequeg.
dialog: He wants to ship, too.
text: Both the captains look Queequeg over with some dismay.
text: Everyone on board turns to regard this tattooed giant.
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: "Quohog"? Doesn't look like
dialog: much of a Christian to me.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Why, he's killed more whales
dialog: than you can count...
text: Queequeg rests a hand on his shoulder to stop him. He
text: coolly faces the captains and points at a small, dark
text: knothole on the farthest mast.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Cap'n, ee see him small dark
dialog: spot on mastwood there? Ee
dialog: see him? Well, s'pose him
dialog: one whale eye! Well, den...
text: He raises the harpoon and effortlessly darts it...
text: An Olympic throw across the deck -- past Bildad's
text: nose, over the Cook's head -- a bull's eye into the
text: mast target! The big iron quivers mightily.
text: Queequeg playfully hauls at the harpoon line and
text: gives the two shocked captains a broad grin.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG (cont'd)
dialog: Dat whale dead!
text: A silent beat. Bildad turns excitedly to his partner.
speaker_heading: BILDAD
dialog: Quick, Peleg, quick, get the
dialog: ship's papers! We must have
dialog: Quohog here, I mean Hedgehog,
dialog: whatever his name is!
text: Peleg scrambles for a ledger, opens it up. He extends
text: a pen to Queequeg, anxious for him to sign.
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: Look here...we'll give you
dialog: one-ninetieth percent, that's
text: a higher cut of the ship's
dialog: whale-oil cargo than we've
dialog: ever given any harpooner!
dialog: So what say ye?
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: What be about me friend?
speaker_heading: PELEG
dialog: 22.
dialog: Oh, all right then...we'll
dialog: sign him on too.
dialog: (to Ishmael)
dialog: But you earn only a fifth of
dialog: what HE gets!
text: Ishmael and Queequeg exchange pleased grins.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET DOCK -DAY
text: Ishmael and Queequeg stride back down the dock, their
text: belongings left behind. Both in high spirits.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hist! Shipmates!
text: Distracted by a craggy voice behind them, the two slow
text: their pace and glance around.
text: Elijah, the demented old man from last night, beckons
text: them from inside the open doorway of a blacksmith shed.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH (cont'd)
dialog: Shipmates! Come hither!
text: Ishmael and Queequeg stop and regard him curiously.
text: He beckons them frantically. They venture closer.
scene_heading: INT. BLACKSMITH SHED - DAY
text: A shadowy, deserted place. Blacksmith tools hang
text: like ancient weapons. Half in the sunlight of the
text: doorway, Ishmael and Queequeg face Elijah, who
text: remains in shadow.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: What d'ye want, old man?
text: The ragged old codger looks them both over like a man possessed.
text: In a harsh, broken breath:
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Have ye shipped in that
dialog: ship then, have ye?!
text: Ishmael trades looks with Queequeg, who regards Elijah
text: more with apprehension than curiosity.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Fire in his
dialog: 23.
dialog: The Pequod? Why yes, we've
dialog: just signed the articles.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: The articles, eh? Anything in
dialog: there about your SOULS?!
text: eyes, as if this were a revelation.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH (cont'd)
dialog: No? Perhaps you haven't got
dialog: any!? No matter! I know
dialog: plenty of men haven't got a
dialog: soul -- good luck to ‘em!
dialog: Better off for it, some of
dialog: ‘em! A soul's sort of a
text: fifth wheel to a wagon,
dialog: don't ye think?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: What're ye jabberin' about?
text: Elijah gestures outside with great flourish.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Oh, but HE's got enough to
dialog: make up for the rest of us...
dialog: plenty more than enough!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Let's go, Queequeg. This
dialog: fellow's broken loose from
dialog: his moorings...
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I'm tellin' ye about OLD
dialog: THUNDER! Haven't seen Old
dialog: Thunder yet, have you?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Who's Old Thunder?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Captain Ahab! Ye haven't
dialog: seen him yet, have ye?
text: Queequeg shakes his head slowly. Ishmael looks away, exasperated.
text: Elijah cackles maniacally.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: No, I didn't think so! Did
dialog: they tell ye about him?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I know all I need to know.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: All about it, eh? You sure
dialog: now? But is all ye need to
dialog: know ever enough, I ask you!?
text: Ishmael starts to leave, but Queequeg detains him.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH (cont'd)
dialog: So you've shipped then, have
dialog: ye? Names down on paper?
dialog: Well, what's to be will be...
dialog: then again perhaps it won't!
dialog: Anyhow, it's all fixed, all
dialog: been arranged! Has been for
dialog: a long time!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: What? What's been fixed?
dialog: What're ye blatherin' about?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: The prophecy, mate! The
dialog: prophecy of the PEQUOD! All
text: aboard her will perish, save
dialog: one man! All but one!
text: Ishmael frowns at the old lunatic, fed up with this
text: nonsense. Queequeg stares, frozen in place.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH (cont'd)
dialog: Didn't know THAT, did ye,
dialog: mates?! Did ye?! Did ye?!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Come along, Queequeg. Let's
dialog: leave this fool to his ravings.
text: Queequeg can't take his eyes off Elijah, a hint of
text: fear in his eyes. Ishmael tugs at Queequeg, and they
text: leave Elijah cackling at them from the shed doorway.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: All but one! All but one!
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET DOCK - DAY
text: They exit the blacksmith shed and move on toward town.
text: Ishmael looks a bit disturbed but tries not to show it.
text: Queequeg is deeply perturbed. Ishmael notices this
text: and jostles him.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Don't take it to heart, he's
dialog: just some crazy old loon...
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Ishmael? What be a soul?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: A soul? Well, that's a
dialog: difficult question...
text: He hears a CHURCH BELL RINGING in the distance.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: Ye believe in God, Queequeg?
dialog: Y'know...like a big chief
dialog: over all men?
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Like Yojo.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I reckon so, but bigger than
dialog: that. Like a captain of the
dialog: stars.
text: He notices TOWNSPEOPLE moving toward a white clapboard
text: church with a tall steeple. Thinking to himself.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: I can't really explain it to
dialog: ye...but I can SHOW ye.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET CHURCH -DAY
text: Ishmael and Queequeg approach the church. Queequeg
text: stops before it, hesitating. He's never been inside
text: one before, and it unnerves him a little.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It's just a house of God,
dialog: Queequeg...OUR god, that is.
dialog: (urges him on)
dialog: Trust me. Ye can learn all
dialog: about the soul here.
text: Queequeg nods, trusting him implicitly. They move on.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH -DAY
text: A CONGREGATION is gathered in pews, facing a pulpit
dialog: unlike any other -- built to exactly replicate the
text: bow of a ship. Its towering platform forms the mock
text: ship's sharp prow.
text: Ishmael and Queequeg enter quietly and take a rear
text: seat, Queequeg drawing stares.
text: Among the worshippers sits STARBUCK (30's), a sharp,
text: good-looking, experienced seaman with a pragmatic way
text: about him, full of watchful curiosity. Beside him,
text: his seasoned WIFE and TWO beautiful CHILDREN. Nearby
text: sit Bulkington and his Fiancee, their hands clenched
text: tight. Starbuck's Wife glances toward Bulkington's
text: bride: the girl looks tense and anxious.
text: Up front sits Ahab's weary Wife, red-eyed from long
text: nights of tears. And her son, a fixed, distant gaze.
text: From the high pulpit looms FATHER MAPPLE, a patronly,
text: messiah-like figure.
text: In the rear pews, Ishmael recognizes the minister and
text: nudges Queequeg, whispering aside.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: That's Father Mapple. I hear
dialog: he used to be a harpooner.
text: Father Mapple scans the scattered gathering before him
text: with a furrowed brow and waves them all closer. With
text: a deep, penetrating voice:
speaker_heading: MAPPLE
dialog: Come closer, shipmates! You
dialog: there, side away to larboard!
dialog: And you, gangway to starboard!
dialog: 27.
dialog: Midship! Midship!
text: A rustle of feet, as everyone quickly rises and takes
text: new seats closer to the pulpit. Father Mapple waits
text: as they settle down. He lifts his closed eyes, as if
text: praying from the bottom of the sea. Then looks down,
dialog: every word like God's commandment:
speaker_heading: MAPPLE (cont'd)
dialog: The Book of Jonah! First
dialog: chapter, last verse -- look
dialog: down and read it, mates!
dialog: "And God had prepared a great
dialog: fish to swallow up Jonah!"
text: Below him, the SOUND of pages turning, MUTED MUMBLINGS.
speaker_heading: MAPPLE (cont'd)
dialog: The Lord called upon Jonah
dialog: to cry out against wickedness,
dialog: but instead Jonah fled from
dialog: God's command! WHY? Why did
dialog: he willfully disobey God?
dialog: Because he thought it was
dialog: too HARD!
text: The congregation stops turning pages, everyone mesmerized
text: by the resonance of his voice.
speaker_heading: MAPPLE (cont'd)
dialog: TOO HARD! Why, everything God
dialog: commands us to do is hard!
dialog: That is why He commands more
dialog: often than He tries to persuade!
dialog: He knows that if we obey Him,
dialog: we DISOBEY OURSELVES! That is
dialog: hard! It is hard because we
dialog: cannot flee from his command,
dialog: as Jonah tried to do...hard
dialog: because God is everywhere and
dialog: there is no hope of escaping
dialog: Him!
dialog: (dramatic pause)
dialog: Now, imagine poor Jonah...
text: prowling among ships like a
text: burglar, rushing to cross the
dialog: seas and escape from his God!
dialog: But how could he do so? By
dialog: thinking that a ship made by
dialog: 28.
dialog: men will carry him to places
dialog: where God does not reign?!
text: Ahab's Wife listens, as if these words were directed
text: at her. Tears stream down her face.
speaker_heading: MAPPLE (cont'd)
dialog: And now the time of tide has
text: come. The ship casts off her
text: lines and sets away on the
dialog: great, wide ocean. But the
dialog: sea rebels! Oh, and the wind!
dialog: Every sail tears, every plank
text: thunders with trampling feet!
dialog: (beat)
text: But Jonah does not see the
text: black sky nor the raging sea
dialog: all around him! He does not
dialog: see it -- he does not CARE!
text: Ishmael and Queequeg listen, entranced. So too does
text: Starbuck and his family.
speaker_heading: MAPPLE (cont'd)
text: The God-fugitive is plainly
dialog: known to all on board, and
dialog: so they blame HIM for the
dialog: tempest upon them! So they
text: lift up Jonah like an anchor
dialog: and drop him into the sea!
speaker_heading: MAPPLE (cont'd)
dialog: (booming stormily)
dialog: And God comes upon him ina
text: MIGHTY WHALE! Clamps all his
dialog: ivory teeth about him! Then
text: swallows him whole into the
dialog: belly of hell -- and dives
dialog: ten thousand fathoms down to
dialog: living GULFS OF DOOM!
text: The men wince, the wives cringe in vicarious horror.
text: The children hide their faces in their parent's arms.
text: Having made his effect, Father Mapple softens his voice:
speaker_heading: MAPPLE (cont'd)
dialog: To the watery world of woe.
text: There among the ocean bottom's
text: bones did Jonah cry out his
dialog: repentance. And God in that
text: whale breached and vomited
dialog: out Jonah upon the land. And
dialog: ever after, Jonah preached the
dialog: truth in the face of falsehood,
dialog: against the proud commodores
dialog: of this earth, and stood forth
dialog: his inexorable self!
text: He turns to every face in the congregation, appealing to
text: each one, beseeching them.
speaker_heading: MAPPLE (cont'd)
dialog: Shipmates, my brethren of the
dialog: sea...hear me. Delight to him
dialog: who gives no quarter in the
dialog: truth. But woe to him who would
dialog: NOT be true, even though to be
dialog: false would be his salvation!
text: Over this, we feature the faces of Starbuck, listening
text: with grave understanding...Ahab's wife, eyes clenched
text: in grief...and finally Ishmael and Queequeg. The
text: Christian and the pagan, trying to fathom the words.
speaker_heading: MAPPLE (cont'd)
dialog: Brothers, let us pray...
dialog: (his eyes closed)
dialog: Dear heavenly father, may we
dialog: strive to be thine, more than
dialog: to be this world's or our own.
dialog: For what is a man that he should
dialog: not live out the lifetime of
dialog: his God?
text: A long silence over the congregation.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: ACT 3
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET BAY - DAY
text: The distant Pequod sets sail out of the harbor beneath a
text: dramatic sky. She passes the headlands, bound for sea.
scene_heading: EXT. NANTUCKET HEADLANDS - DAY
dialog: 30.
text: The tiny figures of women hasten to the top of the great
text: black cliffs.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF PROMONTORY - DAY
text: NANTUCKET WIVES in their bleak dresses and shawls run in
text: scattered groups to a high vantage point. They collect together
text: on the promontory, all eyes cast seaward to
text: catch a last glimpse of their husbands' dwindling ship.
text: Among them is Starbuck's Wife, a face of sad remorse.
text: Stubb's two Doxies, gushing tears. Ahab's grieving Wife,
text: who has no more tears left to cry. All bear the look of
text: women who have become widows in their men's lifetimes.
text: Standing alone, Bulkington's Fiancee gazes forlornly
text: out, hugging herself with anxious dread. Starbuck's
text: Wife approaches and lays a comforting arm around her.
text: From their view, the Pequod shrinks into the horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC OCEAN - DAY
text: The magnificent Pequod drives to windward, her great
text: sails full to bursting. She plunges through the big
text: swells of choppy Atlantic waters.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) -MIDDECK/QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: A pitching deck, alive with activity. Sailors scurry
text: about, climbing ladders, reefing sails, trimming yards
text: under the calm commands of First Mate Starbuck.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Back the main yard there!
dialog: Up helm! Hearts alive now!
text: Struggling on a taut halyard from middeck, Ishmael pulls
text: with difficulty. Queequeg pulls with powerful ease.
text: Third Mate Flask, pulling rank to make up for his low
text: stature and ignorance, shouts at those on the rope.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Pull, ye monkeys, or by gor
dialog: I'll give ye a good sea toss!
dialog: 31.
text: He turns on Ishmael who stops, his soft hands blistering.
speaker_heading: FLASK (cont'd)
dialog: Go to it, landlubber, pull!
text: Flukes and flames, boy, are
dialog: ye that green in the gills?!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Not that green, sir!
text: He keeps pulling, despite the pain. Queequeg gives Flask
text: a surly look.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: What're YOU lookin' at, ye
dialog: dumb, painted savage?!
text: Second Mate Stubb leans over the quarterdeck bannister, smoking
text: a proverbial short black pipe.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Lookin' at a dumber one, I'd
dialog: say!
text: He laughs and turns, calling to a lookout high aloft.
speaker_heading: STUBB (cont'd)
dialog: Ho! Masthead there! Look
dialog: sharp! We'll be sightin' for
dialog: whales from sunup to sundown!
dialog: If ye see one, split yer
dialog: lungs, d'ye hear?!
scene_heading: EXT. MASTS - DAY
text: High on the topgallant mast stands harpooner TASHTEGO,
text: an American Indian with long hair and the noble face of
text: a warrior hunter. A muscled giant like Queequeg.
text: Climbing a swaying rope ladder in the breeze is another
text: harpooner DAGOO, a coal-black barbarian with huge gold
text: loops in his ears. Another giant.
text: A strong gust of wind hits the sails. The men react
text: immediately, scrambling over spars like nimble spiders.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (0.S.)
dialog: 32.
dialog: Hands by the halyards! In
dialog: top-gallant sails! Stand by
dialog: to reef topsails!
speaker_heading: STUBB (0.S.)
dialog: Jump, my jollies!
text: Dagoo and others tumble toward the topmasts, among
text: them Bulkington. The two men taunt each other good-
text: naturedly as they go about their dangerous business,
dialog: shouting between masts:
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: The squall! Jump the squall!
dialog: Lend me yer earring, Dagoo,
dialog: so I can secure this sail!
speaker_heading: DAGOO
dialog: Come and get it, white skin!
text: Both laugh, as they climb right over the canvas of the
text: billowing sails.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: The halyard pulling stops. Ishmael nurses his palms and staggers
text: across the heaving deck, a bit seasick.
text: A ship's boom swings across the deck, about to broadside
text: him -- Queequeg yanks him out of the way. Both topple
text: across the deck together. Stubb bellows a laugh.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: One hand for the ship, Mister
dialog: Ishmael, one hand for yerself!
text: Ishmael rises to his feet, nods his thanks to Queequeg, humiliated
dialog: but keeping his pride. To Stubb:
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Aye, aye, sir. But I don't
dialog: think it's proper to make
text: jest of another man's peril.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Aye, but you're wrong! It's
dialog: laughter that's the final
dialog: consequence of everything!
dialog: The only comfort a man has,
dialog: 33.
dialog: and the wisest one!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: The easiest, you mean.
text: Stubb leaps down from the quarterdeck and claps him on
text: the shoulder with a hard but friendly whack.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: The ONLY comfort, shipmate,
dialog: and the wisest, I tell you!
dialog: Wise Stubb, that's what they
dialog: call me -- and that's because,
dialog: whatever happens, I go to it
dialog: laughing!
text: Another bellowing laugh. Ishmael nods, accepting that.
dialog: Flask joins
dialog: Flask picks
text: them, hard-eying Ishmael as he faces Stubb.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Just don't ever let fightin'
dialog: FLASK catch ye laughin' at
dialog: ‘im, Stubb!
dialog: (nods at Ishmael)
dialog: So what're we goin' to do
dialog: with this pup?
dialog: (to Ishmael)
dialog: Yer own mother would make a
dialog: better sailor.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I'm tryin' my best, sir.
text: up a bucket and tosses it roughly to him.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Then try this! Swab the deck,
dialog: since that's all yer good for.
text: Ishmael resigns himself to it. Pip dances by, banging
text: cheerily on
text: his tambourine, lifting Ishmael's spirits.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: By the deckhouse, Starbuck watches all that goes on
text: around him.
text: He glances toward the closed door of the Captain's
text: cabin. No Ahab in sight. He calls out:
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Mister Bulkington! Give us
dialog: a good song to speed us on!
text: Alighting down on deck, Bulkington turns with reserved
text: manner. Then BELTS OUT a song with unexpected relish:
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: In the Indian Ocean, Pacific
dialog: Ocean, no matter what ocean:
dialog: pull ahead, yo heave 0! Soon
dialog: ye'll hear the cry "Town oO!"
text: The whole crew joins in, as they work from deck to masts.
speaker_heading: CREWMEN
dialog: "There she blows, hard up,
text: square the yards then, steady,
text: lads, so!" cries the Captain.
dialog: Soon as we get near boys, in
dialog: with the gear, boys, swing the
dialog: crane clear, boys, pull ahead
dialog: now, yo heave 0!
text: Swabbing the deck on his knees, Ishmael winces from his
text: bruised hands but manages a smile and sings awkwardly
text: along. Queequeg kneels down and joins him at washing
text: the deck. Singing too.
text: Nearby, the arthritic Carpenter drills a short hole in
text: the planking. Ishmael watches him, noticing other holes
text: all around the deck in random places.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: What're those holes for, sir?
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Captain's orders -- mind yer
dialog: own business!
text: Taken back by that, Ishmael keeps swabbing. He gazes up toward
text: the Captain's cabin door with ambivalent curiosity.
text: Toiling beside him, Queequeg follows Ishmael's eyes.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Ship wid no cap'n. Yojo no
dialog: sabbee dis.
text: Stubb passes by. Ishmael rises to rest his hands.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Mister Stubb, sir? Will he
dialog: ever make an appearance, do
dialog: ye suppose? Ahab, I mean?
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Your guess is as good as mine.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Will we see a whale soon, I
dialog: wonder?
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: We will and ye'll soon not
dialog: forget it! Ye haven't lived,
dialog: young monkey, 'til you've
dialog: raised a whale!
text: He moves on. Ishmael stares out over the rolling sea.
scene_heading: INT. FORECASTLE -NIGHT
text: Cramped, claustrophobic crews' quarters. Walls of bunks
text: around dining tables, all too small for some thirty men.
text: A rowdy, sweaty atmosphere, oil lamps swinging.
text: Motley crewmen queue before a steaming turrine at a
text: Parsons table, as the Cook ladles chowder into their bowls.
text: Two of them, PERTH and DOUGH-BOY, examine their bowls of
text: watery stew with disgust.
speaker_heading: PERTH
dialog: Blast! Chowder for breakfast,
dialog: chowder for supper...
speaker_heading: DOUGH - BOY
dialog: This swill ain't fit for a dog!
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Mind yer tongue, swabby, or
dialog: I'll cut it off and add it to
dialog: the pot!
text: He brandishes a formidable kitchen knife. Then fills a
text: bowl for the Carpenter, who nods slyly at a big beetle skittering
text: across the turrine table.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: 36.
dialog: Add that, Cook -- mebbe it'll
dialog: improve the flavor.
text: The others laugh. Sneering sourly at him, the Cook
text: jabs down his knife to kill the insect. He misses.
text: The Carpenter whips out a hammer and swings down --
text: WHACK! Bull's eye. He grins at the pouting Cook.
text: The men take their bowls to a dining table. The
text: Carpenter plops down beside the BLACKSMITH, a begrimed
text: old salt with burn scars all over his flesh. Perth
text: and Dough-Boy sit next to them.
speaker_heading: PERTH
dialog: Say, carpenter, where d'ye
dialog: keep your rum these days? I'm
dialog: itchin' for a taste.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: What rum? It's against ship's
dialog: orders, ye know that.
text: Nearby, Ishmael straddles a bench with Queequeg, who
text: swaths Ishmael's raw, bleeding hands with cloth strips.
speaker_heading: PERTH
dialog: Lookit them two lovebirds...
dialog: (to Ishmael)
dialog: Careful with your hand, mate,
dialog: your slave there might be
dialog: mistakin' it for supper!
text: Queequeg turns with noble dignity.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Queequeg no slave. Queequeg
dialog: son to island king.
text: The other two laugh at that. Perth bows mockingly.
speaker_heading: PERTH
dialog: Oh, a thousands pardons, your
dialog: Majesty!
speaker_heading: DOUGH - BOY
dialog: Hail to the prince of savages!
text: Two brawny hulks sit opposite them: red Tashtego and
text: black Dagoo, giving them looks to kill. Perth and
dialog: 37.
text: Dough-Boy turn to their stew, suddenly quiet.
text: Ishmael looks at Queequeg as he finishes bandaging.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You pagans need to teach us
dialog: Christians the art of kindness.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: No matter. Queequeg-ee be
dialog: friends, aye? Queequeg hungry!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Aye! Grub ho!
text: They rise and wend their way to the Cook's turrine.
text: Stubb and Flask enter. The men's rabble rousing settles
text: down to a respectful lull.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: At ease, ye sons of bachelors!
dialog: We ain't the Capt'n, after all.
speaker_heading: TASHTEGO
dialog: What capt'n? He don't exist.
text: Stubb and Flask observes Ishmael with his swathed hands, holding
dialog: his bowl with great difficulty as the Cook
text: ladles out stew.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: You're in a sad pickle, lad.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: What say we open some grog
dialog: to quell his growin' pains?
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Not without permission from
dialog: the Capt'n.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: To hell with permission...
text: He makes for the Carpenter's bunk and kicks open a tool
text: box -- revealing a hidden rum bottle. Flask snatches it
text: up. The Carpenter jumps up, alarmed.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: 38.
dialog: See here! That's my medicine!
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Potent medicine, I'll wager...
text: He pops out the cork with his teeth and starts to take
text: a swig -- Stubb grabs it away from him.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: No medicine for you, Flask!
dialog: Let's christen our new pup...
dialog: (to Ishmael)
dialog: Come here, me boy! This'1ll
dialog: cure ye...
text: Ishmael turns, gingerly holding his bowl. Stubb pours
text: rum over his bandaged hands. Ishmael drops the bowl --
text: screams in pain! Stubb pushes the bottle at him.
speaker_heading: STUBB (cont'd)
dialog: Quick! Drink, lad, it'll
dialog: kill the pain...
text: Agonizing, Ishmael grabs the bottle with hot hands
text: and takes a quick, deep swig. He spits out a mouthful
text: and gasps, his insides burning worse than his hands.
speaker_heading: STUBB (cont'd)
dialog: Go on -- take another! Ye
dialog: may be dry for a long spell
dialog: to come!
text: Looking around at the mates GOADING him on, Ishmael
text: takes the challenge. He chugalugs from the bottle.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Aye! That's the manly way!
text: Aloof on his bunk in b.g., Bulkington watches them.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Well done, sailor!
text: Ishmael can't speak, his breath on fire, sinking faintly
text: on a bench. Queequeg pounds his back to revive him.
text: The others eye the bottle, anxious for a taste. Their
text: grubby hands grope for it, but Flask pushes them back.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Easy, this ain't for you...
dialog: (to Ishmael)
dialog: Go to it, pup! Drink to yer
dialog: first whale kill!
text: Woozy Ishmael downs another healthy swallow, getting
text: used to the burn. Getting drunk.
text: The men laugh and urge him on, their MERRIMENT rising
dialog: in pitch, until...
text: In b.g. comes a familiar THUNK-CLOP, THUNK-CLOP...
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Hist! Cut your seizings!
text: The crew falls silent, eyes on the swaying ceiling.
text: The RHYTHMIC THUNK-CLOP of a pacing peg leg on deck.
text: Then it stops. A long, quiet beat between the men.
text: Stubb turns to Ishmael, in a low voice:
speaker_heading: STUBB (cont'd)
dialog: He lost that leg to a whale,
dialog: is what I heard. Devoured,
dialog: it was! Chewed up by the
dialog: most monstrous fish that
dialog: ever chipped a boat!
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Aye...a terrifyin' creature,
dialog: they say, and fearful angry!
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Well, no whale's ever happy
dialog: to be hunted. I wouldn't want
dialog: any man in my boat who ain't
dialog: afraid of ‘em.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: An' I don't want any who are!
dialog: (to Ishmael)
dialog: Why, I've lowered for a sperm
text: whale from a leaking ship in
dialog: a gale off Cape Horn!
text: Weaving drunkenly, Ishmael listens fascinated.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: 40.
dialog: What about Captain Ahab?
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Ahab? He's hunted more whales
dialog: than all of us put together.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Killed fifteen of ‘em between
dialog: a sunrise and a sunset!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: What of the whale that took
dialog: his leg? Did he kill it too?
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Bulkington would know. He
dialog: was there.
text: All faces turn to Bulkington, far removed in his bunk.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Tell us, mate! Tell us what
dialog: happened to the Capt'n?
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Aye, spin us a yarn!
text: Everyone waits with anticipation. Bulkington just
text: stares at the ceiling, then replies with finality:
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: I don't wish to speak of it.
text: He says no more, the others groaning disappointedly.
text: Ishmael keeps drinking, plowed under. Stubb turns to
text: him, feeding his imagination.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: I'll tell ye this much, pup.
text: A good-sized sperm whale can
text: ram, shiver and sink a ship
dialog: in a matter of seconds!
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Aye -- even a Man o' War!
speaker_heading: TASHTEGO
dialog: An' dey thirst for human
dialog: 41.
dialog: blood!
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Why, sharks are so a-feared
dialog: of 'em, they dash themselves
text: into rocks just to flee a
dialog: whale's wake!
text: Drunken Ishmael listens with wide-eyed terror. Pip
text: dances around the quarters, breaking the tension.
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: Crish, crash! Blang-whang!
dialog: I've heard all that chat now!
dialog: Makes me jingle all over!
text: THUNK-CLOP, more pacing above deck. Pip stops. A
text: dead pause among the crew, all eyes turned upward.
text: The PEG LEG paces ceaselessly. Back and forth,
dialog: back and forth.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: ACT 4
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC OCEAN - MORNING
text: A bright, cloudless day. The Pequod sails along on
text: a calm sea.
scene_heading: INT. FORECASTLE - MORNING
text: In his bunk, groggy-eyed Ishmael awakens. A splitting
text: hangover. He sits up painfully with his bandaged hands
text: and focuses on the bustle of men around him:
text: Deckhands wash and dress, preparing for the morning
text: watch. Queequeg shaves before a shard of mirror with
text: the razor edge of his harpoon.
text: A sailor has his head down on a bench, the Carpenter
text: about to pierce his ear with a nail and hammer.
text: Ishmael rises and shuffles to a wash bin, holding his
text: aching head. He winces to the RAP of a hammer -- and
text: a sailor's SCREAM.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) -MIDDECK - MORNING
text: Starbuck and Stubb are on watch, gauging the wind and
text: the luff of the sails. Starbuck shouts up:
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Helm there! Luff a point!
text: The SHIP'S STEWARD rings a bell for the morning watch.
text: Stubb booms down into the forecastle:
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: First watch! All hands on
dialog: deck! Come along, ye solemn
dialog: rogues, cease your preening!
text: The rest of the crew spill onto the deck, hastening
text: to their duties. Stubb grins at a hung-over Ishmael,
dialog: shouting close:
speaker_heading: STUBB (cont'd)
dialog: You're on morning lookout,
dialog: sailor! Get aloft!
text: Ishmael grimaces. Nursing sore hands, he looks up apprehensively
text: at the towering masthead.
text: Queequeg steps between them.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Beg-ee pardon, sir! Queequeg
dialog: go aloft!
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Nay, every man takes his turn.
text: He whacks Ishmael's aching back, a quick laugh.
speaker_heading: STUBB (cont'd)
dialog: This mother's boy has got to
dialog: earn his salt! Hop to it!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Aye, aye, Sir...
text: Steeling himself, Ishmael takes the first rungs of the
dialog: 43.
text: rope ladder with swathed hands and painfully hoists
text: himself up. He climbs up slowly, unaccustomed to the
text: wide rungs.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Jump to it! Legs, man, legs!
scene_heading: EXT. MAST - MORNING
text: Ishmael climbs faster with all his strength, the ladder
text: swaying in the wind. The higher he climbs, the more
text: the ships seems to pitch and toss. He looks down:
text: A dizzying view of a tiny deck, blue sea all around.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - MORNING
text: Queequeg waves to urge him on. By now, most of the
text: crew are watching Ishmael's virgin climb. Starbuck
text: sidles over beside Stubb with amusement and concern.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: You are a cruel taskmaster,
dialog: Mister Stubb.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Aye, but we'll make a seamen
dialog: of him yet.
scene_heading: EXT. TOPMAST - MORNING
text: High aloft, Ishmael braves it to the topgallant mast.
text: The lookout top under his feet are two thin sticks,
text: a hundred feet above deck. Like standing on weaving
text: stilts. Ishmael perches himself, holding on for
dialog: dear life. He's made it.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - MORNING
text: The crew CHEERS. Grinning Stubb shouts up:
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Keep your weather eye open
dialog: and look sharp!
scene_heading: EXT. TOPMAST - MORNING
dialog: 44.
text: Towering over vast ocean, Ishmael forgets his pain and
text: scans the magnificent vista. An exhilarating experience.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - MORNING
text: Men busy at work. Flask tosses Pip his tambourine.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Give us some cheer, Pip!
dialog: Bang it, rig it, make fire
dialog: flies and rattle our teeth!
text: Pip plays it and dances a fast jig, skipping merrily
text: around the middeck, toward the quarter deck...then
text: suddenly stops. His eyes fix on an unsettling sight.
text: Starbuck, Stubb, Flask, all deckhands cease their
text: duties and fall silent. Staring in Pip's direction:
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - MORNING
text: Captain Ahab looms high before the deckhouse. A godlike
text: figure in bronze, braced against the wind. With his peg
text: leg and white scar on his face, he's a frightening sight.
text: Flanked behind him are the five Arabs we glimpsed at the
text: outset, dressed in strange attire. FEDALLAH, the turbaned
text: one, sports a sinister, dark-eyed face with an ugly smile
text: of broken teeth. Ahab's personal harpooner, his shadow.
text: Ahab glares down at the men scattered around the middeck,
text: searching their faces.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - MORNING
text: Everyone faces him, silent and still. The three ship's
text: mates draw close together, their voices low:
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Who are them funny-lookin'
dialog: boys with the Capt'n?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Stowaways, it looks like.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: FLANK
dialog: I don't like the look of ‘em.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - MORNING
text: Scanning faces, Ahab finally spots Starbuck. He hobbles
text: vigorously forward with a fixed glare.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Mister Starbuck!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Sir!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Send everybody aft, Mister
dialog: Starbuck! Everybody, y'hear?!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Yessir! All hands aft!
text: Ahab THUNK-CLOPS along the bannister, glancing aloft.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Mastheads up there! Come
dialog: down!
scene_heading: EXT. MASTS - MORNING
text: The men on the yards descend quickly, sliding down
text: sails and halyard ropes.
text: High on his perch, Ishmael climbs down urgently,
text: no longer afraid, anxious to get below.
scene_heading: EXT. AFT DECK - MORNING
text: Ahab climbs down and paces the deck with a familiar
text: PEG-LEG SOUND. A restless, dark-spirited figure.
text: Starbuck comes before him, followed by the crew.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: All men assembled, Captain!
text: Ahab keeps pacing, deep in thought.
text: Looking on, Stubb whispers aside to Flask.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Look at him, Flask, there's
dialog: something like a chick in
text: him, peckin' at his shell,
dialog: fightin' to get out!
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Maybe he's got us all here
dialog: to show us how well he
text: walks on one leg.
text: The last to arrive, Ishmael cranes his neck behind the
text: others to get a better view of the Captain.
text: Ahab stops pacing and plants a whalebone peg into one
text: of the Carpenter's deck holes, rooting himself. He
text: faces the crew. A deep, throaty resonance, loud and
dialog: forceful:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: What do ye do when ye see a
dialog: WHALE, men?!
text: The men look momentarily puzzled. Then, a tentative
dialog: chorus:
speaker_heading: CREWMEN
dialog: Sing out...sing out for him!
text: A beat, then Ahab's glare dissolves away to a slow but infectious
text: smile. He nods approvingly.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Good! And what next?
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Lower away, and after him!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: And what tune do ye pull to
dialog: in your whaleboats? As ye
dialog: go after him?
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: A dead whale or a sunk boat!
text: Ahab slams his fists down onto the bulwark -- BARKS
text: with guttural satisfaction. He reaches into his vest
dialog: 
dialog: 47.
text: pocket, withdraws his hand and holds something up in
text: the air for all to see: a large Spanish gold coin.
text: The men edge curiously closer. Ahab brandishes it
text: high before them.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Look, men...d'ye see this?!
dialog: 'Tis an ounce of Spanish
dialog: gold! A sixteen-dollar
dialog: piece!
text: An enthusiastic murmur among the crew. Pip rattles
text: his tambourine. The murmur quickly dies down, as Ahab
text: makes his way down to middeck. The sharp THUNK-CLOP
text: of his peg leg rings out like a bell.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - MORNING
text: Ahab struts the full length of the ship, moving from
text: peghole to peghole to anchor himself whenever he stops,
text: the long deck his actor's stage. The volcanic fire
text: inside him burns the air all about him.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Look closer, mates! D'ye
dialog: see it?
text: All eyes shift back and forth between the gold piece
text: and Ahab's fiery eyes. Starbuck glances toward
text: Fedallah, immobile in b.g. Puzzled by it all.
text: Ahab reaches the awestruck Carpenter with his toolbox.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Carpenter, hand me yon hammer!
dialog: And one strong iron nail!
text: The Carpenter produces the hammer from his belt and
text: digs quickly into his box. Ahab turns to scan the
text: gruff faces all around him.
text: Men avoid his eyes, looking only at the coin.
text: The Carpenter offers the hammer and a nail. Ahab
text: snatches them and half-strides back across the deck
text: to the main mast. His voice begins with a low,
dialog: 48.
text: intense growl, building to a roar:
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Whosoever of ye raises me a
dialog: white-headed whale...aye,
text: white-headed with a wrinkled
text: brow and a crooked jaw...
dialog: whosoever raises me that
dialog: snow-white whale with holes
text: punctured in his starboard
dialog: fluke, I say...whosoever
dialog: among ye raises me that
scene_heading: ACCURSED WHITE WHALE...HE
dialog: shall have this gold ounce!
text: More murmurs from the crew, louder and more excited.
text: Stubb and Flask exchange hushed, animated words.
text: Starbuck watches in amazed silence.
text: Detached from the crowd, only Bulkington shows no
text: reaction. He stares seaward with a grim face.
text: The three big harpooners exchange challenging grins.
text: Tashtego steps forward.
speaker_heading: TASHTEGO
dialog: Must be dat whale folks call
dialog: Moby Dick, eh, Capt'n?
text: On Ahab's face, a remarkable transformation. He turns
text: toward Tashtego, his low voice like an animal snarl:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Moby Dick! Do ye know the
dialog: white whale then, Tashtego?
text: Dagoo speaks out before Tashtego can answer, Ahab's
text: head shifting to him with reptilian speed.
speaker_heading: DAGOO
dialog: Aye! That whale has an odd
dialog: spout, too...mighty large
text: and...bushy with white wool.
dialog: That the one, Capt'n?
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Queequeg sabee him! Him got
text: many iron spears in him hide,
dialog: Cap'n! All twisketee...like...
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Like twisted metal! Aye, like
dialog: corkscrews!
text: His brow clears, his voice a roar of barely contained
dialog: emotion:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Aye, Queequeg, the harpoons lie
text: all twisted in him like so many
dialog: corkscrews! Aye, Dagoo...his
dialog: spout is a big one, like a whole
dialog: shock of wheat, as thick as a
dialog: pile of Nantucket wool! Aye,
dialog: Tash...by death and devils,
dialog: that white whale is MOBY DICK!
dialog: "Tis MOBY DICK ye have seen...
scene_heading: MOBY DICK!
text: The name seems to strangle him. A spontaneous SHOUT
text: erupts from the men around him, sharing his rage.
text: Ishmael watches, engrossed in the high drama of this
text: moment. Finally, Starbuck steps soberly forward.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: I have heard of Moby Dick,
dialog: Captain. Was it not Moby
dialog: Dick that took off your leg?
text: Ahab spins around to face Starbuck, his face aflame.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Who told ye that?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: It's common knowledge, sir.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Aye, Mister Starbuck...aye!
dialog: (to his crew)
dialog: Aye, my hearties all round...
dialog: "twas Moby Dick that dismasted
dialog: me! Moby Dick that reaped away
text: my limb like a mower a blade of
dialog: grass! Moby Dick that brought
dialog: me to this...DEAD STUMP I stand
dialog: on now! Aye! 'Twas that
dialog: damnedable beast that razed me!
dialog: Made a poor pegging lubber of
dialog: me...forever and a day!
dialog: 50.
text: He lifts his hands, clenched around both coin and hammer.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: MOBY DICK! And I'll chase
dialog: that white whale round Good
dialog: Hope, round the Horn -- and
scene_heading: round PERDITION'S FLAMES
dialog: before I give him up!
text: Starbuck reacts, bewildered by Ahab's outburst. He
text: watches disturbed, as the men SHOUT "Ayes!" of support.
text: Ahab steps from man to man, right up to each face.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: This is what ye have shipped
dialog: for, men! To chase that white
dialog: whale on both sides of land
dialog: and over all the oceans --
dialog: "til he spouts black blood
dialog: and rolls dead out!
text: He turns to the main mast. Slams the gold coin high on
text: the mast wood, places a nail to it and hammers the coin
text: fast to the mast. Then turns back, calling the Steward.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Steward! Go draw a great
dialog: measure of grog!
dialog: (to his crew)
dialog: What say ye, men? Will ye
dialog: splice hands on it? Now?!
dialog: I think ye do look brave!
text: The harpooners are first to react.
speaker_heading: TASHTEGO
dialog: Aye, aye!
speaker_heading: DAGOO
text: A sharp eye for the white
dialog: whale!
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Sharp spear for Moby Dick!
text: The rest now join in a CHORUS of "Aye, ayes!" Ahab
text: nods, deeply moved by their reaction.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: God bless ye, men!
dialog: 51.
text: The Steward rolls out a grog barrel to the CHEERING
text: crew. Cups are filled to the brim. Ahab turns to
text: notice the concern on Starbuck's face.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: What ails ye, Mister Starbuck?
dialog: Why the long face?
text: Starbuck is hesitant to respond.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Will ye not chase the white
dialog: whale, then? Not game for
dialog: Moby Dick, are ye?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Oh, I am. I'm game for the
dialog: jaws of death, if it's part of
dialog: the business we're here for.
dialog: I came to hunt whales, not my
dialog: commander's vengeance. How
dialog: many barrels of oil will your
dialog: vengeance yield, I ask ye?
text: Ahab studies Starbuck with a colder, narrower eye.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: I see. Is money to be the
dialog: measure of everything we do,
dialog: then? Then let me tell ye:
dialog: my vengeance will fetch a
dialog: great premium -- HERE!
text: He slams his fist against his own chest. An electric
text: beat between them, Starbuck shaken by him.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: What d'ye wish of me, Captain?
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Help me strike a fin! Not an
dialog: impossible, nor wondrous feat
dialog: for you -- the best lance out of
dialog: all Nantucket! Surely YOU, of
dialog: all the crew, would not be the
dialog: one to hang back! Speak, man!
text: Starbuck wearily meets his fiery eyes, sapped by his
dialog: 52.
text: energy. He says nothing. Ahab's brow darkens.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Your silence speaks loudly, sir.
dialog: (turns away)
dialog: The measure, men! The measure!
text: He abandons Starbuck, leading the party with animated
text: bravado, passing around cups. Starbuck shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: May God help us all.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Drink and pass! Round with
dialog: it, round! Short draughts,
dialog: long swallows, my braves...
dialog: (drinks deep)
dialog: Ahh, t'is hot as Satan's hoof!
dialog: Well done, almost drained!
dialog: Hand me another, boy, here's
dialog: a hollow! So brimming life
dialog: is gulped and gone, men!
dialog: Steward! Refill!
text: He downs a cupful in one long draught. Despite his
text: peg leg, he suddenly leaps agilely onto one of the
dialog: whaling boats.
text: The crew watches, amazed by his charismatic energy, intimidated
text: by him. All but Starbuck.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Attend now, mates, flank me!
dialog: Harpooners, stand here with
dialog: your irons! And ye mariners,
dialog: all of you, ring me in...let
dialog: me revive a noble custom of my
dialog: fishermen fathers before me!
text: Stubb, Starbuck and Flask grab their lances. Queequeg, Tashtego
text: and Dagoo appear, carrying two harpoons each.
text: Ahab waves them closer around the whaling boat.
text: Ishmael bears silent witness: something mystical in
text: the aspect of bald, scarred Ahab towering above the
text: rest in the boat, his black coat flapping about him.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Advance, mates! Cross your
dialog: lances full in front of me!
dialog: Now let me touch the axis!
text: Ahab leans down and grasps the three lances at their
text: crossed center, peering intently into each man's eyes.
text: Stubb and Flask can't sustain his inflamed glare and turn their
text: eyes away from his. Starbuck gazes evenly at him.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Did ye three feel the full
dialog: force SHOCK of it?! Mine own
dialog: electric thing?! Now mates,
dialog: be my appointed cup-bearers to
dialog: your three pagan kinsmen there...
text: He abruptly pushes away their lances, breaking the spell.
text: Then he turns his laser-like focus on the harpooners,
text: standing behind the mates.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Draw the poles, harpooners!
text: The three giant harpooners quickly remove the iron part
text: of their harpoons like proud knights before their king.
text: They step up to Ahab with ritualistic fervor and -- with perfect
text: timing -- thrust the irons toward him.
text: Ahab reaches down from the whaleboat -- slams his open
text: palm onto a sharp blade. Blood gushes from his hand.
text: Unflinchingly, Ahab rises with bold majesty.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Now cant them! Turn them
dialog: over, I say! Show me the
dialog: goblet end! Turn up the
dialog: socket! So...so! Now hold
dialog: them while I fill! Steward,
dialog: bring me your flask!
text: The Steward hands him a flask. Ahab fills the harpoon
text: sockets with grog, full to the brim...dripping drops of
text: his own blood into each socket.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Now, three to three, ye stand.
dialog: Commend these murderous chalices...
dialog: 54.
dialog: touch them, and ye shall become
dialog: parties to an indissoluble league!
text: The three harpooners clink the sockets together.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Drink, my brave harpooners!
dialog: Drink and swear, you that stand
dialog: the bow of whaleboats!
text: The harpooners guzzle down the mixed rum and blood,
text: to the last drop. Ahab glances toward a shocked
text: Starbuck.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Behold, Mister Starbuck! The
dialog: deed is done!
dialog: (to whole crew)
dialog: Drink, all of ye! And swear
dialog: DEATH to Moby Dick! May God
dialog: hunt us all if we do not hunt
dialog: Moby Dick to his death!
text: The crew, caught up in the moment, down their own
text: cups -- then BURST INTO SHOUTS, cups raised to their
dialog: captain.
speaker_heading: CREWMEN
dialog: Death to Moby Dick! Death
dialog: to Moby Dick!!
dialog: Every man of them...the harpooners, Stubb, Flask,
text: Ishmael, Perth, Dough-Boy, Carpenter, Blacksmith,
dialog: little Pip, even Bulkington.
text: Only Starbuck refrains, away from the crowd.
text: On the whaleboat, Ahab glances across the ship and
text: sees Starbuck's aloofness. His dark eyes focus
text: sharply on him. Long, unsettling looks between them.
text: A moment of impending conflict.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: ACT 5
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC OCEAN - SUNSET
text: The Pequod drifts on a light wind, her progress slow.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN -SUNSET
text: Two polished harpoons reflect the last rays of the
text: sunset. A spartan cabin, twisted sheets on a bunk.
text: Hunched over a table scattered with sea charts, Ahab
text: pores over the four oceans. His pencil traces over a
text: confused jumble of drawn lines...the courses of whales.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (0.S)
dialog: Permission to enter, Captain.
text: Ahab grunts an affirmative, too preoccupied to look up.
text: Starbuck enters and waits respectfully, a little tense.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: You sent for me, sir?
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Mister Starbuck. We are
text: inexorably bound together for
dialog: the duration of this voyage.
dialog: You and I are intelligent
text: men, shippin' with savages.
dialog: We need not be strangers.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: I do not wish it, Captain, I
dialog: am tied to thee.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Good. Good!
text: He gestures him closer, pointing over his charts.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: See here, Starbuck. 'Tis the
dialog: migratory route of the sperm
dialog: whale. No ship ever sailed her
dialog: course with one tithe of such
dialog: marvelous precision. From the
dialog: Azores to St. Helena, around
dialog: the Cape, to the Sea of Japan.
text: Standing close, Starbuck studies Ahab more than the map.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Time and tide flow wide, sir.
text: Moby Dick has the round watery
dialog: 56.
dialog: world to swim in.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Mister Starbuck, I know his
dialog: latitudes, his seasons, the
text: driftings of his food...
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: I know his sightings, from the
text: Seychelle ground to Volcano Bay.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Where lies Nantucket? Ah here...
dialog: (points on map)
dialog: ...where our wives and children
dialog: will carry the wee babes up the
text: hill to catch first glimpse of
dialog: these sails. Your wife and son
dialog: will be among them, sir.
text: Ahab's face flinches. A sensitive chord has been struck.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: We must not disappoint them.
dialog: I am no crusader after perils,
dialog: Captain. My course is set to
text: return safely home -- with a
dialog: full hold. 'Tis the object of
dialog: our endeavor.
text: Ahab looks up impatiently, eying him with darkened brow.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Hear me. 'Til this be done,
text: my boy's face is to me as the
text: palm of this hand. A lipless,
dialog: unfeatured blank. My vengeance,
dialog: this very act, was rehearsed by
dialog: you and me a billion years
dialog: before this ocean rolled.
dialog: (draws him near)
text: All visable objects are but
text: pasteboard masks, behind which
dialog: some unknown but still reasoning
text: thing puts forth the moldings of
dialog: its features. If man will strike,
dialog: strike THROUGH the mask! How
dialog: else can a prisoner escape but
dialog: by thrusting through the wall?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: The white whale is this mask,
dialog: sir, this wall?
text: Ahab paces the room, his peg leg scraping the floor.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Aye! He tasks me...he heaps
dialog: me...he galls me! I see in him
text: outrageous strength, inscrutable
dialog: malice! THAT is what I hate!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
text: But vengeance on a dumb brute,
dialog: sir! That took your leg from
dialog: blindest instinct?!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: And I'll wreck my hate upon him!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: "Tis madness to be so enraged!
dialog: To seek vengeance on a dumb
dialog: thing -- 'tis blasphemy!
text: Ahab turns to confront him, his words charged with fury.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: BLASPHEMY?! Don't talk to me
dialog: of blasphemy, man!
text: He glares out the window at the sunset, shaking a fist.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: I would strike the SUN if it
dialog: insulted me! What I've dared
dialog: I've willed, and what I've
dialog: willed I WILL DO!
dialog: (turns to him)
dialog: You look pale. You think me
dialog: mad, don't ye? I'm not mad...
dialog: I am madness maddened!
text: Starbuck stares in utter shock. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Sir, I'm not much for fighting
dialog: a fish that too much persists
dialog: in fighting me. I'm here to
dialog: 58.
dialog: kill whales for my living, not
dialog: to be killed by them for theirs.
dialog: But...you are the Captain.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Aye. I AM the Captain.
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC OCEAN - NIGHT
text: The Pequod drifts through a starry night. A myriad
text: of moonlit sequins across the water.
scene_heading: INT. FORECASTLE -NIGHT
text: A besotted crew SINGS WHALING SONGS, sprawled about
text: tables and bunks like slovenly pirates. Their cups
text: empty, most of them too drunk to move.
text: Ishmael wends through them and turns down a corridor.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR -NIGHT
text: Ishmael passes a doorway into the mates' quarters and
text: glances inside:
scene_heading: INT. MATES' QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: A quiet, more civilized scene. Starbuck reads alone
text: from a bible. Stubb and Flask play a game of Draught.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: Ishmael emerges from below and breathes in the sea air.
text: He looks toward Fedallah and his strange crew: setting
text: up camp in a spare whaleboat. Bedding and food have been
text: laid out, as if they were on a different ship from the
text: rest of the crew. They converse in low, guttural ARABIC.
text: Ishmael turns to the side for solitude, gazing over the
text: moonlit sea. Then realizes he's not alone...
text: Ahab stands some yards away by the bulwark, also gazing
text: out. He produces a pipe and lights it, cupping the bowl
text: with bony hands. A ship's lamp casts a flickering light
text: across his weathered visage.
text: Ishmael retreats a step into shadow, afraid of the man,
text: yet fascinated by him.
dialog: 59.
text: Unaware of him, Ahab smokes in silence. He takes the
text: pipe from his mouth and stares at it, shaking his head.
text: His voice unusually subdued:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Old pipe...hard it goes that
dialog: even YOUR pleasure is gone.
text: He gazes up at the bright moon.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Time was when the moonlight
dialog: soothed me. No more. This
dialog: lovely light, it lights me not.
dialog: All loveliness is anguish to me
dialog: now, since I can never enjoy.
dialog: Damned -- most subtly and
text: malignantly. Damned in the
dialog: midst of Paradise!
text: He starts to turn away -- suddenly winces from a sharp pain
text: in his severed thigh. He grips the pipe tighter, as if
text: transferring his anger and pain to the object in his hand.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: What business have I with
dialog: pleasure?! ANY pleasure!...
text: With sudden disgust, he tosses the pipe overboard.
text: Hidden in the shadows, Ishmael stares down:
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC OCEAN - NIGHT
text: The pipe tumbles down to sea, its sparks scattering...
text: extinguished in a sudden FIZZ as it hits the water.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: Without another word, Ahab THUNK-CLOPS away. Ishmael
text: gazes after him, baffled by him.
scene_heading: INT. FORECASTLE -NIGHT
text: Most of the crew are dead asleep. Ishmael steps quietly
text: among the cramped bunks. No sound but for men's snores,
text: the whish of water against the hull.
text: Ishmael pauses to smile at Queequeg, who sleeps with one
dialog: 60.
text: arm clutching his harpoon. He makes his way to his bunk. Stops
text: to discern another distant SOUND beyond the hull:
text: An eerie, haunting, watery MELODY from deep in the ocean, miles
dialog: away.
text: Pip is awake on his bunk, ears close to the hull, as he
text: listens to the mysterious SOUND. Ishmael crouches beside
text: him, fondly watching the boy. Their eyes meet.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Is it mermaids, lad?
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: Whales, sir. They're singin'
dialog: to each other.
text: Pip smiles in the dim light. Ishmael returns the smile
text: and retires into his own bunk, listening too.
text: WHALE SONGS seem to fill the forecastle's cramped space.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA -DAY
text: A tropical sea under a beating sun. Swells roll over translucent,
text: turquoise waters. Under full sail, the
text: Pequod drives to windward.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) -TOPMAST - DAY
text: Suddenly -- an excited cry from Dagoo on the lookout,
text: loud and insistent.
speaker_heading: DAGOO
dialog: There she blows!! There!
dialog: There! She BLOWS!!
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Ahab yanks his peg leg out of its anchorage and hauls
text: up a ladder by his arms alone.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Where away?!
speaker_heading: DAGOO (0.S.)
dialog: On the lee beam, sir! Half
dialog: 61.
dialog: a rifle shot off!
text: Starbuck, Stubb and Flask rush to the side to look out.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: There go flukes!
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: By thunder! A whole school
dialog: of ‘em!
text: The deck becomes a frenzy of activity. Queequeg and
text: Tashtego emerge from below, harpoons ready.
scene_heading: EXT. TOPMAST - DAY
text: Dago swings between halyards like a trapeze artist,
text: slides a hundred feet down -- and alights on the deck.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Fedallah appears at Ahab's side, waiting expectantly.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Steward! Fetch me my glass!
text: The Steward dashes over with an eyeglass. Ahab snatches
text: it, extends the scope and peers through it, searching.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Time! Quick, steward!
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Thirteen hours, sir!
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: Viewed through the eyeglass, a dozen whale flukes beat
text: through the swells, all grey. No white ones.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Ahab snaps the eyeglass closed, disappointed. He pulls
text: out a small book from his pocket and jots down the hour.
text: Starbuck hurries up to him.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Ready to lower boats, sir!
dialog: 62.
text: Ahab glances aside, disinterested in the whole business.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Aye. Lower away.
text: Starbuck rushes off. Fedallah SPUTTERS ARABIC to Ahab
text: with a toothy grin, itching to go out.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: You too, then.
text: He turns away, gripping a rail to help his crippled way.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP'S SIDE - DAY
text: Cranes are thrust out, line tubs fixed in their places
text: and whaling boats swung over to be lowered, sailors
text: working frantically.
text: Three boats lower fast, chains CLANKING, ropes HISSING,
text: and splash onto the water. A clamor of SHOUTS, rowers, harpooners
text: and the three mates scrambling down ladders,
text: into their respective boats.
text: A fourth spare boat is lowered by Fedallah's crew, aloof
text: from the others, working silently and efficiently.
text: In Starbuck's boat, Ishmael mans the oars with others, brimming
text: with anticipation of his first whale hunt.
text: Queequeg attaches rope lines to his harpoons. The
text: boat casts away from the ship.
text: Stubb cries out from his boat, as they too cast off.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Well, here goes for a cool
dialog: dive at death and destruction!
dialog: And let the devil fetch the
dialog: hindmost !
text: Casting off in his boat, Flask gestures outward in
dialog: dismay.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Would ye lookit that?!
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
dialog: 63.
text: Fedallah's boat is already rowing out across the water,
text: way ahead of them.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP'S SIDE - DAY
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: (mockingly)
dialog: There's a pretty fellow now!
dialog: Let's give 'em jackals a run
dialog: for their money!
text: All three boats row out at a furious pace.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: A school of sperm whales breach in the rolling sea.
text: Spouts of misty air. They move at a slow, tranquil
text: pace, unaware of hunters headed in their direction.
text: From an airborne view: four boats in pursuit of the
text: school. Fedallah's remains far in the lead, the other
text: three racing to catch up, all close together.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT -DAY
text: Ishmael rows arduously, working up a sweat. He looks
text: over the rise of a long swell, just in time to see great spouts.
text: Queequeg, the lead rower, rows like a dynamo,
text: guiding the pace. Starbuck works the tiller.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: There she blows again, right
dialog: ahead, boys...lay back!
text: He watches the school of whales, then glances back at
text: the other two boats behind his:
text: Flask's boat fast approaches, Dagoo at the bow, rowing
dialog: with as much power as Queequeg.
scene_heading: EXT. FLASK'S BOAT -DAY
text: Flask shouts to Starbuck, pointing toward the Arabs'
dialog: boat.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Who are those devils, sir?!
dialog: Did the Capt'n bring ‘em along
dialog: 64.
dialog: to make fools of us all!
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT -DAY
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Never mind them! Give way,
dialog: pull out more to leeward!
text: Stubb's boat, Tashtego at the bow, pulls ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. STUBB'S BOAT -DAY
text: Stubb roars with laughter, as his boat passes them.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Pull, pull, my children, my
dialog: little ones!
dialog: (to Flask)
dialog: What difference who they are...
dialog: they're five more hands come
dialog: to help us! More the merrier,
dialog: I say! But let's give 'ema
dialog: bit of sport!
dialog: (to oarsmen)
dialog: Snap your oars, you rascals!
text: Long and strong, ragamuffins,
dialog: you sorry rapscallions...give
dialog: way! Give way! Pull, pull!
text: His boat pulls ahead, disappearing behind a tall swell.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT -DAY
text: Ishmael, rowing exhaustedly near Starbuck, turns to him.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: What do YOU think of those
dialog: new boys, Mister Starbuck?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
text: Smuggled on board to do Ahab's
dialog: personal bidding, I warrant...
dialog: (urging them on)
dialog: Spring, men, spring! There's
dialog: a fortune of oil out there,
dialog: swimming right ahead of us!
dialog: That's what we came for and
dialog: that's our duty! Duty and
dialog: profit, hand in hand! Pull!
dialog: 65.
text: Their boat drops into a deep trough. Just then, one of
text: the sperm whales breaches directly in front of them.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Queequeg! Quick!
text: Queequeg tosses his oar and jumps up to the bow with
text: his harpoon. Before he has a chance to do anything...
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: Fedallah's boat suddenly appears directly in front of Starbuck's
text: boat -- surfing down the swell at terrific
dialog: speed to intercept the whale!
scene_heading: EXT. FEDALLAH'S BOAT -DAY
text: Working silently like professional killers, the oarsmen
text: a powerful lot. Fedallah swiftly takes the harpooner's position
text: at the bow. The oarsmen stop rowing and, in
text: perfect unison, lift their oars in the air.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: Fedallah throws his harpoon with deadly force! The
text: harpoon penetrates the whale's flank, the effect
text: instantaneous -- the water boils in a raging, bloody
text: foam, as the whale thrashes in agony!
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. FEDALLAH'S BOAT - DAY
text: Fedallah launches a second harpoon into his stricken
text: prey with a loud, primitive SHOUT OF TRIUMPH!
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT -DAY
text: A second whale suddenly breaches next to Starbuck's
text: boat, too close -- its huge body striking the hull!
text: The boat tips precariously.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: There! There! Give it to
dialog: him!
text: Queequeg manages to thrust out his harpoon from the
text: violently rocking boat. The harpoon misses.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
dialog: 66.
text: Instantly, Flask's boat streaks in for the kill.
scene_heading: EXT. FLASK'S BOAT - DAY
text: Tashtego quickly raises and slams his harpoon deep
text: into the body of the huge creature! Blood gushes!
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: The whale's tail jerks upward, catching Flask's boat --
text: flipping it skyward! Flask and his crew are thrown
text: high into the churning sea, far from view!
text: Too close to Starbuck's boat, thrashing flukes slap
text: down against the water with crashing power -- and
text: send a wave that almost tips his boat over!
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DAY
text: The force sends the crew spilling into the drink!
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA -DAY
text: Starbuck's men flail about in the turbulent water,
text: trying to reach their boat.
text: Ishmael splashes frantically in the watery chaos,
text: whales all around him. Waves from the slapping tail
text: plow over him, frothing up water like an eggbeater.
text: Losing strength, Ishmael sinks beneath the surface!
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER -DAY
text: Ishmael sinks fast amidst the enormous shapes of
text: whales, behind him an underwater cloud of blood. Eyes
text: wide open as he flails, he glimpses an amazing sight:
text: Across the deep blue, a mother whale with her cub. A
text: half-dozen bull whales circle protectively around her.
text: Queequeg suddenly appears from behind -- grabs Ishmael
text: by the waist and quickly swims back to the surface.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA -DAY
dialog: 67.
text: Queequeg surfaces with Ishmael in tow. Ishmael spits
text: out water, coughing and gagging. Fedallah's boat appears,
dialog: as if by incarnation.
scene_heading: EXT. FEDALLAH'S BOAT -DAY
text: Standing proudly in the bow, Fedallah grins down
text: contemptuously down at Queequeg and Ishmael in the
text: water. He reaches out and hauls them both into the
text: boat with superhuman strength. Catching his breath,
text: Ishmael looks out at the settling sea:
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: A dead, blood-soaked sperm whale floats, fluke out. Fedallah's
text: kill. A distance off, Starbuck's boat,
text: men climbing back into her. But not a sign of
text: Flask's boat.
text: Stubb's boat drifts into view toward Fedallah's
dialog: boat.
scene_heading: EXT. STUBB'S BOAT - DAY
text: Stubb looms in the stern, his jaw set. Missing all
text: the action, he's not laughing now. He glances at
text: the dead whale...then turns his envious eyes on the
text: grinning Arab. Scanning the horizon of high swells,
text: Stubb cups his hands and shouts:
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Flask! You impious old smut!
dialog: Where the devil are ye?!
text: No reply. Just the distant SOUND of CRYING WHALES.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN - DAY
text: The three boats return to ship, Fedallah's boat
text: towing the dead whale behind it. The hunt is over,
text: leaving behind a vast sea of blood.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: ACT 6
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) -QUARTERDECK - DAY
dialog: 68.
text: Ahab stands alone at the taffrail, staring out into the horizon.
text: He barely acknowledges the activity below.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP'S SIDE - DAY
text: The giant dead sperm whale is fastened to the hull by
text: dozens of ropes hauled in by deckhands.
text: Fedallah jumps on the whale's back like an acrobatic,
text: using it as a stepping stone to climb aboard.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Fedallah leaps on deck, as Pip dances and tambourines
text: around him. The old Carpenter bangs a bell with his
text: hammer, applauding him.
text: Stubb and Tashtego climb aboard and shoot dagger
text: looks at the Arab, a mix of admiration and resentment. Fedallah
text: casually picks his teeth with a tapering,
text: knife-long fingernail.
text: They help aboard Ishmael...wet, shivering, in shock.
text: Then come Starbuck and Queequeg, both soaked to the
text: bone but composed as if nothing had happened.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Starbuck reports to Ahab at the taffrail, the Captain
text: gazing seaward as if oblivious.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Lost a boat, sir. Permission
text: to send out a search party.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Permission denied.
text: Starbuck is stunned. Ahab just stares out at the
text: rolling swells.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Beg pardon, sir??
text: Ahab slowly raises his arm and points a bony finger
text: far out to sea, toward the top of a big swell.
text: Starbuck strains to see out:
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA -DAY
text: A floating speck far on the horizon...an overturned
text: whaleboat. On the upturned bow stands Dagoo. Short
text: Flask sits on his shoulders, waving his arms like a
text: semaphore. The rest of the men cling to the boat
text: from the water.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: There, see? There's Mister
text: Flask...in the middle of a
text: blinded ocean.
text: Starbuck peers at the strange sight and shakes his head.
text: The rest of the crew look out and CHEER. Stubb laughs
text: heartily. Pip drums his tambourine, dancing a jig.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Ye'd better get ‘em on board,
dialog: Mister Starbuck, before the
dialog: sharks discover ‘em.
text: He hobbles away to his cabin. Pip shakes his tambourine
text: at him, humming a light tune. Ahab glares at him. Pip
text: stops playing and edges fearfully back. Regarding the
text: boy thoughtfully, as if noticing him for the first time,
text: Ahab allows a hint of a smile. Pip dances off.
scene_heading: INT. FORECASTLE -DAY
text: Men dry off and change clothes. Queequeg rubs down
text: shivering Ishmael who's still traumatized, his teeth
text: rattling.
text: Dagoo and his crew climb below deck, all dripping wet
text: but cheerful and laughing loudly.
text: Ishmael turns to Queequeg.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Why is everyone so damn merry?
dialog: We almost drowned!
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: 70.
dialog: Habben all dime, friend! All
dialog: dime! Dat is whaling!
text: Queequeg laughs. It's infectious, and others joins in.
scene_heading: INT. MATES' QUARTERS - DAY
text: Starbuck and Flask change clothes, while Stub lights
text: his pipe and Pip collects their wet garments. Flask
text: strips off a shirt and tosses it sourly.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: That damned foreign monkey...
dialog: takin' our rightful whale like
dialog: that!
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Aye! What manner of creature
dialog: is he, anyway?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: A creature from our dreams.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: How d'ye mean? Like a ghost?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: A devil, perhaps.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Man's the devil, all right!
dialog: The reason ye can't see his
dialog: tail is because he tucks it
dialog: out of sight!
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: An' it's coiled in his boots!
text: Stubb laughs at that, ruffling the boy's hair.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Did ye hear the way he talks
dialog: to the Capt'n in that slithery
dialog: tongue? What d'ye suppose
dialog: they talk about?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Striking up a bargain, I'd say.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: That's it, Starbuck! Ahab's
dialog: hard after that white whale,
dialog: ain't he? Mebbe that devil is
dialog: tryin' to get him to swap away
dialog: his silver watch or, or...
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Or his soul.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK -NIGHT
text: Ahab stands on one of his sleepless watches, his whalebone
text: leg firmly rooted in a peghole. He gazes into the sea, listening
text: to the exotic HUMMING of a BEDOUIN SONG from Fedallah's crew in
text: the spare boat.
text: The only other SOUND comes from the whale carcass tied
text: alongside the ship...the SAVAGING OF SHARKS.
text: Ahab turns to observe a commotion below:
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: Stubb hastens across the deck, accompanied by the Cook,
text: Flask, Ishmael and the Carpenter, who carries a lamp
text: rigged to the wooden staff of a harpoon. Queequeg,
text: Dagoo and Tashtego follow them with spears and lances.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: A steak, a steak, by heaven,
dialog: before I sleep!
text: They make their way toward the ship's side to which
text: the carcass is lashed. All the men look down at the
text: hump of the whale's immense forehead.
text: Fedallah silently drifts past them. Startled by him,
text: Stubb turns to the others with a look of scorn.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Ah, now wait, shipmates...
dialog: wait! Ain't this the devil
dialog: that killed the whale?
dialog: 72,
text: He bows mockingly to Fedallah, who returns a skeletal
dialog: grin.
speaker_heading: STUBB (cont'd)
dialog: The harpooner's choice of
dialog: steak, eh? Is that what ye
dialog: came for?
text: Ignoring him, Fedallah spits down at the carcass of the
text: whale with pure contempt. Tauntingly, he steps up to the
text: gold coin on the mast and taps it, as if it were already
text: his. Then returns to his crew in the spare boat.
text: Stubb laughs and leans over the bulwark. He takes the
text: harpoon-lamp from the Carpenter and shines it down on
text: the ferocious scene below: sharks in a feeding frenzy,
text: ripping at the dead whale.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Well, that foreign devil may
dialog: care not for whale steaks,
dialog: but I'll eat this fish in
dialog: one mouthful!
dialog: (to harpooners)
dialog: Ready, boys...
text: Stubb throws the harpoon-lamp -- impaling it into the
text: whale's forehead. Queequeg, Dagoo and Tashtego leap
text: over the side.
scene_heading: EXT. WHALE CARCASS - NIGHT
text: They land on the giant whale's head, Queequeg and
text: Dagoo carrying sharp cutting spears. They climb down
text: toward the tail, while Tashtego keeps guard against
text: the sharks with lances in both hands.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: Ishmael leans over the bulwark, staring awestruck
text: at the infernal scene and the intrepid harpooners.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Just the tender bits, boys!
scene_heading: EXT. WHALE CARCASS - NIGHT
text: Queequeg and Dagoo BARK SIGNALS to each other as
text: they struggle their way to the tail of the carcass.
dialog: 73.
text: Despite their precarious position, the slippery whale
text: and the unpredictable swells, Queequeg and Dagoo cut
text: into the lower part of the whale's tail. Queequeg
text: slices out a large chunk of red meat, when...
text: An enormous shark lunges out of the water at him!
text: It almost snatches the bloody meat -- but Queequeg
text: tosses it to Dagoo.
text: Queequeg slips and starts to slide down the tail
text: section -- directly toward the massive jaws of the
text: shark! He slams his cutting spear into the whale
text: and pulls himself up.
text: Tashtego spears the shark. A quick, thrashing death.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: Ahab observes the antics of his men below with half
text: a smile. Then returns to his watch, gazing dead to
text: sea like a stone sentinel.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: The harpooners have returned, the others all huddled
text: around something. Stubb pushes his way in between
text: them, as we move in to reveal: five whale steaks,
text: sizzling on a rudimentary grill.
text: Behind the grill, the Cook works fast, sprinkling
text: whole spices on the meat, chopping them directly
text: onto the barbecued steaks.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Be quick about it, cook! I'm
dialog: famished!
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Awright, awright, don't be in
dialog: such a bleedin' rush...
text: He forks out a couple of steaks onto two wood plates.
text: Stubb reaches for a plate.
speaker_heading: STUBB (cont'd)
dialog: This one's for the Capt'n...
text: He takes it away, hurrying up onto the quarterdeck.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: Stubb respectfully offers the plate of steaming meat.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Capt'n, sir. Would ye care
dialog: to have first honors, sir?
text: Ahab shakes his head gravely, not veering from his
text: watch. Stubb shrugs and climbs back down.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: Stubb sits down with Flask at a makeshift table,
text: complete with napkins, knives and forks. In b.g.,
text: Ishmael, the Carpenter and the harpooners hungrily
text: watch the ceremony. The two officers dig into their
text: steaks with relish, Stubb leaning over in a low voice:
speaker_heading: STUBB (cont'd)
dialog: Poor Capt'n. The whale eats
dialog: him, 'stead of him eatin' the
dialog: whale.
text: Flask listens to the shark's savagings, annoyed.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Blast those critters...they're
dialog: kicking up such a shindy I'm
dialog: losin' me appetite!
text: At the grill, the Cook forks out the last three steaks
text: onto a platter. The Carpenter steps over and gloats
text: at them with salivating eyes.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Cook, lemme have one o' those,
dialog: will ye?
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Are ye daft?! Officers only.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: But there's three steaks!
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Aye, one's a second helpin' fer
dialog: Stubb, one's for me.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: That's one left, ain't it?!
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: That one's for me too.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Have a heart, damn ye!
text: The Cook irritably grabs a cutting spear from Queequeg.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Ye want a steak?! Go get it
dialog: yerself!
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Wot?! Down there?!
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: G'won then!
text: He shoves the spear into his hand. The Carpenter stares
text: anxiously down over the bulwark. Everyone watches him considering
text: it. Hesitating, he climbs over the rail with arthritic slowness.
text: Then freezes on the bulwark, looking
text: down fearfully at the loudly thrashing sharks.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: G'won, what're ye waitin' for?!
text: The Carpenter looks back. The Cook nods mockingly.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: An' tell 'em to be quiet while
dialog: yer at it!
text: Stubb, Ishmael and the others all burst out laughing.
text: Humiliated, the Carpenter glares at the Cook's vulgar
text: grin. Down below, SPLASHING SOUNDS from two fighting
text: sharks -- the Carpenter jumps back off the rail in holy terror.
text: An explosion of laughter all around.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK -DAY
text: A complex whale-processing factory is under way: the
text: carving of a dead whale and the melting of its blubber.
text: The whale's skin is peeled up from the floating carcass
text: by chains and pulleys from the lower masthead on a huge blubber
text: hook. Like a peeled orange, the skinned whale
dialog: 76.
text: rolls over and over in the water.
text: The deck careens from the tremendous weight. Sailors
text: crowd the windlass, tugging and turning it, singing:
speaker_heading: CREWMEN
dialog: Our captain stood upon the deck,
text: A spy glass in his hand,
dialog: A viewin' of those gallant whales
dialog: That blew at every strand!
text: Other deckhands slice tons of blubber into huge chunks
text: with mincing spades.
text: They haul them to the try-works, two giant pots on iron furnaces.
text: Smoke billows and flames lick out, as the Blacksmith feeds wood
text: into the open furnaces.
text: The blubber chunks are pitched into the scalding pots
text: to be boiled down, as the men sing on:
speaker_heading: CREWMEN (cont'd)
dialog: Your tubs in your boats, boys,
dialog: And by your braces stand,
dialog: We'll have one of those whales,
dialog: Hand, boys, over hand!
text: Large barrels are filled with gallons of whale oil,
text: sealed and rolled down the gaping maw of a bow hatch
text: into the barrel hold, deep in the bowels of the ship.
speaker_heading: CREWMEN (cont'd)
dialog: So be cheery, my lads!
dialog: May heart your hearts never fail!
text: While the bold harpooner
dialog: Is striking the whale!
text: The deck plankings stream with freshets of oil and
text: blood, littered horrifically with bones and blubber.
text: During all this labor, Fedallah and his Arabs recline
text: lazily in the spare boat, oblivious to everyone.
text: Scowling at the lollygaggers, Flask turns to Stubb.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Lookit 'em devils, Stubb...
dialog: idlin' away while the rest of
dialog: us slave! I got a good mind
dialog: to stove their boat and send
dialog: "em to Davy Jones!
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN MAST - DAY
text: High aloft in the rigging, Ishmael paints the spars with
text: tar. Queequeg does the same beside him, both of them
text: hanging precariously over a fifty-foot drop. His hands
text: healed and strong, Ishmael no longer shows any fear.
text: Below him, a crow's nest view: a deck swathed in gore.
text: Revolted by the sight, Ishmael shakes his head woefully.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Heaven help us...we're the
text: vultures of the sea.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: No sabbee what-ee mean.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I mean there's no savagery of
dialog: beasts that's not infinitely
text: outdone by that of men.
text: His eyes fall on: Ahab, emerging from his cabin,
text: loaded down with charts, his log book and a quadrant.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Ahab sets the charts and book on a capstan, raises
text: the quadrant to his eye. Then he spreads the charts
text: out, opens the log book, reads from it, checks the
text: charts and reads again. All with a frantic edge.
text: Giving up, he paces like a caged beast, PEG-LEGGING
text: from port to starboard, ignoring the middeck hustle
text: and bustle. Starbuck approaches him, clearly
dialog: agitated.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Sir! I must request that
dialog: ye put those foreign boys to
dialog: work. Their slovenliness is
dialog: affectin' the morale of the
dialog: crew.
text: Ahab keeps pacing, as if not hearing him, scanning the
text: sea with murderous frustration. Starbuck shifts over
text: to block his way, adamant.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Did ye not hear me, Captain?
text: Ahab stops to glare at him, his jaw tight.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: They're not here to tend ship,
dialog: or any other business, Mister
dialog: Starbuck. None but one single
dialog: purpose -- to hunt down and
dialog: slay Moby Dick!
text: Starbuck starts to reply, but an OUTCRY interrupts him:
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT (0.S.)
dialog: Sail ho! Sail to larboard!
text: Excited murmurs spread among the men, as they race
text: toward the port side to view a distant vessel in b.g.
text: The Steward materializes with the eyeglass and hands
text: it to Ahab, who grabs it and takes a quick look at
dialog: the ship.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: English.
text: He lowers the eyeglass, deliberating to himself.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Prepare for visitors.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: The two whaling ships, of almost identical design, heave
text: to and drift side by side.
text: A small boat rows toward the Pequod. The other ship
text: bears the name "SAMUEL ENDERBY". From her deck, the
text: SOUNDS of ACCORDION MUSIC and FESTIVE REVELRY.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) -MIDDECK - DAY
text: The Pequod crew hugs the bulwarks to view the Enderby's
dialog: distant deck:
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. ENDERBY (AT SEA) - DAY
text: A wild celebration seems to be taking place on board.
text: SAILORS are drinking and carousing, dancing with
text: beautiful, colorfully attired POLYNESIAN GIRLS.
text: In sharp contrast to the somber Pequod, it's a ship
text: of laughter and joy.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: ACT 7
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - MIDDECK - DAY
text: Viewed from our deck: the happy, drunken Enderby crew
text: crowd the bulwarks, facing us. They wave flasks of
text: grog, SHOUTING across and gesturing us to join them.
text: Scanning across the faces of our crewmen, we see the
text: eager anticipation of licking lips and ogling eyes.
text: Ishmael gawks at the LAUGHING native girls, their
text: voices like sweet music. Queequeg nods knowingly
text: to himself, a nostalgic look.
text: Sunning in the whaleboat, only Fedellah's crew shows
dialog: no interest.
text: Flask turns to Stubb, unable to take his eyes off
dialog: the girls.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Heaven seize me, that's a
text: purty sight! A man forgets
dialog: how awful lonesome it gets
dialog: out here.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Aye. Those crack fellows
dialog: have done well for themselves.
text: Starbuck smiles at the men. Beside him, Ahab sees and
text: hears nothing but the ENDERBY CAPTAIN climbing up the
text: ship's side with his ESCORTS. Starbuck turns to Ahab.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Permission to lower boats,
dialog: sir. The boys deserve a
dialog: short gam.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Permission denied.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: But, sir. It's expected...
text: Ignoring him, Ahab faces the Enderby Captain climbing
text: aboard with a one-handed grip. A stout-bellied man of
text: relaxed authority, island garlands around his neck.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Welcome aboard the Pequod,
dialog: sir. I'm Captain Ahab. You
dialog: are a whaling ship, I see.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: Aye, Captain! Thank you. I'm
dialog: Captain Dowling.
text: He reaches out a right hand to shake his hand, his
text: left hand behind his back. Ahab nods with stubborn
text: gloom, finding this man too jolly for his taste.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN (cont'd)
dialog: We're a full ship, sir, and
dialog: homeward bound!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: I'm an empty ship and outward
dialog: bound.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: Then we'll bring ye good luck!
dialog: My boys even won themselves a
dialog: few brides from the Fiji Isles,
dialog: as you can see...
text: Impatient with this ceremony, Ahab gets to the point.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Hast thou seen a WHITE WHALE?
text: The Enderby Captain grins at Ahab, mischievously.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: THE white whale, d'you mean?
dialog: Moby Dick, as some call him?
dialog: 81.
text: Ahab twitches, a shocked beat. Before he can reply,
text: the Enderby Captain swings out his other arm from
text: behind -- a white whale-bone arm with a_ hook.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN (cont'd)
dialog: See you this?
text: Ahab studies the arm with astonishment, then lifts
text: his eyes to the Englishman's playful expression,
text: who glances down at Ahab's peg leg.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Ha! You've an arm that cannot
dialog: hold and I've a leg that cannot
dialog: run!
dialog: (eyes narrowing)
dialog: The white whale?
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: The white whale.
text: All the crew turn to stare at his whalebone limb.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: HE took that arm off, did he?
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: And that leg, too?
text: Understanding silence between them. Unexpectedly,
text: the Enderby Captain laughs uproariously.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: A great, bouncing whale, was
dialog: he?! Old as Genesis, with a
dialog: milky white head?!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: (seething inside)
text: Harpoons sticking in all over
dialog: his hump?!
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: Aye! And in a boiling rage!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Mine! MY harpoons!
text: He can barely contain his rage.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Tell me, sir! Tell me what
dialog: happened!
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: (gestures at his arm)
dialog: Oh, a shocking bad wound it
dialog: was, Capt'n Ahab! My surgeon
dialog: did his damndest but he had
dialog: to cut it off soon as it went
dialog: black! Thank the stars I
dialog: brought me wife on the voyage!
dialog: She's been a great comfort
dialog: to me--
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: What about the WHITE WHALE?!
text: His black look kills the Englishman's merriment, who
text: regards him oddly.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: Well, to the point, after he
dialog: stove my boats, we didn't see
dialog: him again for some time.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Did you cross his wake again,
dialog: is what I'm askin'?!
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: Twice.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Are you saying that ye could
dialog: not...fasten?!
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: Why would I WANT to?! Isn't
dialog: one limb enough? That white
dialog: monster doesn't bite -- he
dialog: SWALLOWS!
text: Reacting, Ishmael and the other men look on with horror.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN (cont'd)
dialog: I have a wife on board and
dialog: a profitable homecoming!
dialog: Why should I take the risk?
dialog: 83.
text: A beat, Ahab pacing agitatedly as the man chatters on.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN (cont'd)
dialog: No thank you, no more white
dialog: whales for me! He's best
dialog: left alone, don't you think?
text: Ahab's eyes enlarge, turning to him with great contempt.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: He is, but he'll be hunted for
dialog: all that, sir! What's best
dialog: left alone is not always what
dialog: least invites! Like a cursed
dialog: magnet is that whale to me,
dialog: d'ye understand?! How long
dialog: since you saw him last?
text: The Enderby Captain squints at Ahab, then laughs.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: Bless my soul, sir! Your blood's
dialog: at the boiling point!
text: His laughter is short-lived. Ahab suddenly spins around
text: to Starbuck.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Mister Starbuck, prepare to
dialog: make way. We've wasted enough
dialog: time!
dialog: (to Enderby Captain)
dialog: Good day, Captain!
text: Ahab stomps toward the helm. After a bewildering pause,
text: the Enderby Captain looks at Starbuck.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: What's the matter with him?!
dialog: Has he lost his senses?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: No offense, I'm sure, sir...
dialog: it's no doubt the pain in his
text: bleeding stump.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: Hmphh! The man's mad!
dialog: 84.
text: He turns indignantly away to deboard, signaling his men.
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN (cont'd)
dialog: Away, boys! I'll not spend
dialog: another moment on this ship...
text: Starbuck stares after the Englishman, not moving. All
text: around him, the crew is frozen in stunned amazement.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Mister Starbuck, did ye not
dialog: hear me?! Prepare to sail!
text: Starbuck stares angrily back at him, rooted to the spot. Ishmael
text: and the rest gaze anxiously away at the NOISY
text: celebration aboard the Enderby, deprived of their
dialog: much-needed furlough.
text: The Enderby Captain climbs to his boat, shouting up:
scene_heading: ENDERBY CAPTAIN
dialog: Do not be a fool, Capt'n! Do
dialog: not pursue Moby Dick, I warn
dialog: ye! Beware, sir, he's a demon!
dialog: (thunderously)
dialog: Beware the BLASPHEMER'S END!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Curses throttle ye...
dialog: (shouts down)
dialog: Starbuck! Set sail, I say!
dialog: Obey me, damn ye! NOW!
text: Starbuck turns to the crew, a walking powderkeg.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Man the sheets! Jump to it!
text: The deck becomes a flurry. Sailors scramble about
text: and climb the masts to unfurl sails. Many of them
text: glance toward the Enderby with open discontent.
text: As everyone works, a tense undertone of mutiny.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA -DAY
text: From afar, the two ships part in opposite directions.
dialog: 85.
text: The Pequod drives hard to southerly winds. A ship
text: alone on the blue-green expanse.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - MIDDECK -DAY
text: Ishmael tightens a halyard at the main mast. Stubb
text: fixes a brace beside him. Ishmael glances at the
text: glistening gold coin hammered to the mast, then looks
dialog: away toward the Captain:
text: Ahab is at his usual watch facing dead to windward,
text: brooding with stormy thoughts.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I fear the old man's a little
text: out of his wits.
text: Flask passes by, darting a disgruntled glance at Ahab.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Blast his eyes...he has no
dialog: heart!
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Agh, I've seen worse. Better
dialog: to sail with a moody good
dialog: captain than a merry bad one.
text: Pip sits on a capstan with his untouched tambourine,
text: watching the ill mood around him.
text: Perth and Dough-Boy swab the deck, SQUABBLING AD-LIB
text: with each other in low, angry voices.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Starbuck draws near Ahab, determined to speak his mind.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Captain Ahab, sir--
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Not now! Leave me be.
text: Exasperated, Starbuck glares at him and turns away.
text: He looks down to witness a scene below:
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
dialog: 86.
text: Perth dumps a swab bucket and splashes Dough-Boy.
text: A fight quickly breaks out! Perth pulls a knife --
text: until Stubb grabs his wrist and yanks it away.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Drawn to the commotion, Ahab leans over the bridge
text: rail with Starbuck.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Trouble there, Second Mate?
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Nothin' of concern, sir.
text: Ahab turns away. Starbuck talks to his back, persistent:
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
text: The men are out of sorts.
dialog: We may not see another ship
dialog: for months, Captain, and it
dialog: does not bode well that we
dialog: deprive ‘em of even a little
dialog: recreation.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: They are whalers, Mister
dialog: Starbuck. This is not a
text: society ball.
text: The Steward rings the watch bell, breaking the tension.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Stubb pushes the knife back to Perth, low-voiced.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Get below, Perth!
speaker_heading: PERTH
dialog: He started it--
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Quiet! Go swab the foc'sle
dialog: "til ye learn your manners!
text: Perth struts sullenly away.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
dialog: 87.
text: Starbuck stares intently at the Captain's back. Ahab
text: turns and gives him a dismissing look.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: To your duties, Starbuck.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Aye, aye...SIR.
scene_heading: INT. FORECASTLE - DAY
text: Fetching a bucket, Perth extracts a hidden flask from
text: under his bunk. He sneaks a long, deep swig.
text: Starbuck barrels downstairs, in a foul state of mind.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Perth!
text: Perth quickly reconceals his cache and grabs the bucket.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Get aloft to the lookout!
speaker_heading: PERTH
dialog: But it ain't my watch, sir.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: I want ye where I can see ye.
text: Perth drops the bucket and ambles disgruntledly toward
text: the stairs, a little drunk.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Get along, ye shabby rascal,
dialog: or I'll give ye a whale-bonin'!
speaker_heading: PERTH
dialog: Ye needn't speak so harshly--
text: Starbuck shoves him up the steps.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: On your way!
scene_heading: EXT. MASTHEAD - DAY
dialog: 88.
text: High aloft, Perth climbs the main mast to the lookout,
text: GRUMBLING to himself all the way.
text: He looks down to see Starbuck crossing the deck and
text: scowls down at him.
speaker_heading: PERTH
dialog: Damned St. Jago monkey...
text: Inches above him, a loose hoisting block dangles and
text: swings precariously in the breeze.
text: Sneering downward, Perth spits toward the deck.
speaker_heading: PERTH (cont'd)
dialog: May God sink the lot of ye!
text: A squall picks up. Perth turns back up -- the block
text: hits him square in the face! Dazed, he lets go the
dialog: ropes...
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Crossing the deck, Starbuck stops to hear...
text: A sudden SCREAM from above! Everyone looks up at...
text: Perth's plummeting figure! He CRASHES DOWN on the
text: deck with full impact -- right in front of Starbuck!
text: Deckhands rush to Perth, lying in a twisted sprawl.
text: His neck broken.
text: Starbuck looks on in horror.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - SUNSET
text: A blood-red sunset and spectacular, billowing clouds
text: frame the Pequod...her sails furled.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - MIDDECK - SUNSET
text: A sail-swathed corpse rests on a bulwark board. A
text: somber crew gathers around the ship's side, their set
text: faces aglow in the sunset. The Captain and the three
text: mates stand by the bulwark around the body.
dialog: 89.
text: Ahab opens a bible to begin reading. Strangely, he
dialog: can't bring himself to speak the printed words before
text: him. He gruffly hands the bible over to Starbuck.
text: Frowning at him, Starbuck reads the last rites:
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: "They go down to the sea in
dialog: ships, that do business in
dialog: great waters. These see the
dialog: works of the Lord and his
dialog: wonders in the deep"...
scene_heading: EXT. TOPMAST - SUNSET
text: Perched high aloft, Ishmael witnesses the sea burial
text: below, sun and wind burning his face.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - SUNSET
text: In the spare whaleboat, Fedallah and his Arabs pass
text: around a hooker pipe, oblivious to the Christian
text: ceremony. Fedallah exhales smoke with languid
dialog: disregard.
text: Starbuck finishes the rites in his own words:
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Lord of all the seas, we here
dialog: commend this mariner's spirit
dialog: into thy hands...
text: He nods to Stubb and Flask, and they tip the bulwark
text: board...Perth's body drops into the sea with a small
text: SPLASH. And disappears into its watery grave.
text: A long beat, as the men gaze down.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: So be it, then. We're born
dialog: in throes, 'tis only fit that
dialog: we should live in pains and
dialog: die in pangs...only to end in
text: an unmarked grave.
text: Starbuck, a tinderbox of bitter emotions, mutters to
text: him in a low voice:
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: To what end might that be,
dialog: sir? To a "blasphemer's end,"
dialog: as the English captain said?
text: Ahab glares at him with a blackened brow. Starbuck
text: shuts the bible and gazes back, trying nobly to
dialog: contain himself.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Life holds US, sir. We do
dialog: not hold IT.
text: Ahab faces him, raising his voice for all to hear.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Do ye dare to question me?!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: I don't dare, sir, I only
dialog: think. I blame myself for
dialog: this good sailor's death...
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: A careless sailor!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Perhaps. But the men see it
dialog: as an ill prophecy.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Prophecy?!
text: He wheels about to face the crew. All around, the men
text: edge fearfully back.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: PROPHECY?!
text: He scans their faces...ignorant, superstitious faces.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: I'll give ye a prophecy, my
dialog: shipmates. Death to Moby Dick!
dialog: Aye! I'1l be both a prophet
dialog: and fulfiller then!
text: He THUNK-CLOPS between them, moving from face to face
dialog: 91.
text: with a quickening pace and rising voice to galvanize
text: them. Starbuck watches him gravely.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: And the fulfillment of this
dialog: prophecy is what ye have all
dialog: agreed to share with me!
dialog: (a raised fist)
dialog: Death to my dismemberer --
dialog: to Moby Dick! That's more
dialog: than even the greatest GODS
dialog: could do, I tell ye!
text: His effect on them is hypnotic, his passion burning
text: with redoubled fury as he shouts:
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: The gods've knocked me down,
dialog: they've mocked this captive
dialog: king -- but I am up again!
dialog: Now it is THEY who take to
dialog: their heels and run! Hiding
dialog: from ME!
text: Wild-eyed, Ahab turns to glower defiantly at the
text: cloudy, red sunset.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Come! Come out behind your
dialog: cotton clouds! Come and
dialog: strike ME! TI have no long
dialog: guns to reach ye -- only
dialog: THESE!
dialog: (raises his hands)
dialog: My bony fingers! Come then!
dialog: See if ye can swerve me!
text: Ahab laughs defiantly and faces Starbuck with fire in
text: his eyes, shaking a fist at him.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Swerve ME?! Ye cannot swerve
dialog: me! Else ye swerve yourself...
scene_heading: EXT. TOPMAST - SUNSET
text: On his lookout, Ishmael watches the drama below. Then,
text: unexpectedly, something distracts him out to sea:
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - SUNSET
text: An immense white whale plunges through distant waters,
text: a tall jet of misty air blowing out of his spout!
scene_heading: EXT. TOPMAST - SUNSET
text: Ishmael gapes seaward. He can't believe his eyes.
text: He tries to shout out but can only gasp, his words a
text: stammered hush. He's speechless...
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - SUNSET
text: Pacing around Starbuck, Ahab raises his fist to the
dialog: heavens.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Swerve me?! Never! The
dialog: path to my purpose is laid
dialog: with iron rails -- on which
dialog: my very soul is grooved
dialog: to run!
dialog: (to Starbuck)
dialog: And NAUGHT will stop me,
dialog: Mister Starbuck!...
text: Suddenly Ishmael's VOICE BOOMS OUT at the top of his
dialog: lungs:
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (0.S.)
dialog: Thar she blows!! She blows
dialog: to starboard!!
dialog: (loud and clear)
dialog: The WHITE WHALE! !
text: A stunned beat. Ahab charges past Starbuck -- bounds
text: onto the quarterdeck.
text: The men bolt to the starboard bulwark, hugging the
text: sides, peering seaward:
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA -SUNSET
text: Nothing there. Only a flat expanse under the sinking
dialog: sun.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - SUNSET
text: Ahab stares furiously outward, willing him to appear.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - SUNSET
text: Still nothing. Then suddenly, he breaches...
dialog: MOBY DICK! The mighty, feared leviathan himself!
text: Mangled iron harpoons protrude out from a pale skin
text: mottled with scars and barnacles.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK -SUNSET
text: Ahab's face starts to convulse!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - SUNSET
text: The ship's crew are speechless, all eyes fixed on
text: the awesome sight of the white whale.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA -SUNSET
text: MOBY DICK dips down his great white head and begins
text: slowly to dive for the deep. The last visible sign
text: of him is his tail.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (0.S.)
dialog: There go flukes!!
text: The enormous split jib tail rises up, higher and
text: higher -- then slaps the water defiantly! Then
dialog: disappears.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK -SUNSET
text: Ahab's hands grip the bulwark, his knuckles white.
text: The scar down the side of his head looks swollen
text: and reddened by the sky's orange glow. His face
text: tightens like a coil, until he finally EXPLODES...
text: A BELLOWING HOWL OF UNGODLY RAGE!
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: END PART ONE
dialog: 94.
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: PART TWO
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: ACT 1
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DUSK
text: A boundless seascape, the tiny Pequod far in b.g.
text: Beyond, the orange sun disappears below the horizon.
text: In f.g., a huge white mass surfaces with jarring
text: suddenness -- MOBY DICK, a hundred feet of scarred,
text: barnacled tonnage! The spout from his forehead
text: blows out a geyser of mist, clouding our view.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - TOPMAST - DUSK
text: High on the lookout, Ishmael points excitedly.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: There she blows again! Hard
dialog: to port beam!
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DUSK
text: Ahab, his blazing eyes fixed on the distant whale,
text: suddenly reels about with an earth-shaking roar:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Clear away the boats!!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: In the night, Captain?!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Clear away, I said!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Ye want us to give him chase
dialog: in the NIGHT?!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Aye! In the night -- we'll
dialog: give chase by night and see
dialog: his whiteness better than by
dialog: daylight!
dialog: 86
text: Starbuck hesitates. Ahab turns hard to him.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Order the men, Starbuck!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Aye, aye sir...
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: Prepare to lower away boats!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DUSK
text: Jarred from their astonished stares, the crewmen
text: scramble into action. Ishmael rope-slides to the
text: deck like an expert seaman. Pip runs the length of
text: the ship, shaking his tambourine, yelling excitedly.
text: Ahab strides toward the main mast and stops in front
text: of the nailed gold coin. He bangs a fist on it.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: My harpooners...strike and
dialog: the gold will be yours!
text: Tashtego looks up from a loggerhead, feeding out
text: line. He raises his harpoon like an Apache warrior.
speaker_heading: TASHTEGO
text: WOO-HAA-HEE! Aye, Capt'n!
dialog: Dat Moby Dick come near Tash
dialog: an' he be a dead fish!
text: Dagoo leaps into a boat, lines wrapped around his
text: shoulders and tied to his two harpoons, one in each
text: hand. He lifts them high, a flash of teeth.
speaker_heading: DAGOO
text: KEE-HA! KEE-HA! He might
dialog: see a white man by night --
dialog: but not Dagoo! I'll kill
dialog: ‘im for ye, Capt'n, and win
dialog: that gold!
text: Fedallah snickers at him from the spare boat, shaking
text: his head with a self-confident sneer.
text: Queequeg leaps onto the bulwark with raised harpoon.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: 87
dialog: Smoke out him pipes me will!
dialog: Make-em straight dat crooked
dialog: jaw!
text: Ahab tosses a lance at Queequeg, who takes it on the
text: fly with a powerful war cry:
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG (cont'd)
scene_heading: HALA-LA PAO-LOO! FA-TONGA!
text: In the bustle, Pip sneaks through the boarding gate
text: and climbs unseen over the side.
text: All the whalers pile en masse into the lowering boats.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP'S SIDE - DUSK
text: Four whaleboat keels hit the water in tandem -- one
text: quick SPLASH-DOWN after another.
text: Ahab, full of sudden youthful energy, swings over the
text: side on a halyard and rope-climbs down fast toward
text: Fedallah's boat. His hands slip the last few feet --
text: he falls hard into the boat with a CRUNCH! He tries
text: to stand, but he can't. His peg leg is splintered.
text: The crew turns to Ahab's SHOUT OF RAGE, ringing out
text: in the dusk. An Arab rower tries to help him. Ahab
text: pushes him away. He picks up pieces of his jaggedly
text: broken peg leg, tosses them into the water. Hobbles
text: his way to the stern, booming to his rowers:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: START her, men! Start her
dialog: like thunderclaps! Like
dialog: a thousand grinning devils!
text: The Arabs row out like demons possessed. Fedallah
text: takes his place at the bow, silent and stealthy.
text: Ishmael and Starbuck watch Ahab from their boat...
text: unaware of little Pip, climbing over its stern.
text: He slithers under a box plank and hides behind a
text: loggerhead basket. Starbuck turns around.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Crack on! Pull those oars!
dialog: 88
text: Ishmael takes an oar, Bulkington beside him.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DUSK
text: An aerial view over moonlit waters: four whaling
text: boats, lit by pole lanterns. One in the lead,
text: three fanned out behind it.
text: To the horizon...a formidable white shape glides
text: off into a fog bank.
scene_heading: EXT. STUBB'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Stubb lights his pipe, as his men row furiously.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Go, lads, row like the wind!
text: He looks toward Ahab's boat: streaking far ahead.
text: Starbuck's boat glides by. Stubb turns aside.
speaker_heading: STUBB (cont'd)
dialog: Who'd have thought it, eh?!
dialog: At night, to boot! If I had
dialog: only one leg, ye wouldn't
dialog: catch ME in a boat by night...
dialog: unless maybe to stop a leak
dialog: with a whalebone toe!
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Starbuck turns to Stubb's boat, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: He's possessed, I tell ye!
dialog: God has shipwrecked his soul!
text: The boats plunge into a fog bank, enveloped in a
text: moonlit mist.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Look at this! A fog! Where
dialog: did it come from?! An' look
dialog: at us -- rowin' blind in the
text: night, after a whale as white
dialog: as this fog! Was it a whale
dialog: we saw, or a ghost?!
dialog: 89
text: Rowing before him, Ishmael looks up at the moon:
text: An opaque eye in the thick mists, its glow surreal.
scene_heading: EXT. FLASK'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Flask's boat passes beside Starbuck's.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: It was Moby Dick, all right!
dialog: Fog, snow or hail, I don't
dialog: care -- I'll fetch that gold
dialog: doubloon or die tryin'!
dialog: (to rowers)
dialog: Pull, damn ye! Show some
dialog: muscle!
text: Dagoo sings a rhythmic AFRICAN CHANT, the oarsmen
text: echoing him, rowing to his beat.
text: Ahead of them: Ahab's boat materializes out of
text: the dense fog, moving steadily forward.
scene_heading: EXT. AHAB'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Ahab stands stiffly by the tiller, using it as both
text: crutch and guide. He grips a rower's head of hair
text: to keep his balance, glaring ahead into the white
text: night as if he could see through the fog. A manic
text: energy in his furrowed-brow concentration.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Roar and pull, ye devils...
dialog: I can see fifty seas off! A
dialog: hundred seas! It's Moby Dick
dialog: out there, I tell ye! Chase!
dialog: Crack your backbones, bite
dialog: your knives in two!
dialog: (clasping forehead)
dialog: Dear Lord, I'm going to go
text: stark staring mad...
dialog: (exhorting on)
dialog: Close to, ye hairy-hearted
dialog: ghouls, get me close to him!
text: The Arabs HUM as they row, an odd, syncopated SOUND.
text: Fedallah stands motionless at the bow, harpoon ready.
dialog: 90
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Starbuck stares ahead at Ahab with deep chagrin.
text: Ishmael rows, his sweaty face glistening under the
text: boat lamps. Behind the basket next to him, Pip
text: crouches in hiding.
text: The sea becomes strangely still. Starbuck glances
text: around him.
scene_heading: EXT. AHAB'S BOAT - DUSK
text: A deathly quiet, only the SLAP of oars against the
text: water. Beyond...DISTANT GURGLING SOUNDS. Ahab
dialog: tenses.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Hark! Prick ears...listen!
scene_heading: EXT. FLASK'S BOAT - DUSK
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Hold the oars! Hold still!
text: The men raise their oars and look out into the
text: luminous night. Dagoo commands the bow, taking
text: a firm grip of his harpoon.
scene_heading: EXT. STUBB'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Stubb cups an ear, shifting the pipe in his
text: mouth, tuned into every sound around him. His
dialog: voice hushed:
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Softly, softly...whoa, babes!
dialog: Still now!
text: The rowers stop rowing and lift up their oars.
text: Tashtego readies himself at the bow.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
text: The becalmed waters around the boat spin in rivulets. Starbuck's
text: voice cuts the air like a knife:
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Stop!
text: The rowers lift their oars and freeze.
text: Ahead in the fog: Ahab's boat drifts soundlessly.
text: Ishmael listens, unsettled by the stillness around
text: him. He turns nervously to Starbuck.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: What d'ye make of it, sir--
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Hist! Eyes sharp...
text: Everyone watches and listens. A long, tense beat...
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DUSK
text: The fog begins to lift...a full view of all four
text: boats. Whalers listen to the eerie quiet.
text: A calm, empty sea. Then, GURGLINGS all around...
text: A SCHOOL OF SPERM WHALES breaches -- a full circle
text: around the boats! With a great SIGH, dozens of
text: spouts release jets of watery air!
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Starbuck spins his head around -- whales everywhere!
text: Ishmael stares amazed, slack-jawed. Queequeg bolts
text: to the bow with his harpoon.
scene_heading: EXT. AHAB'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Ahab spins around, loses his balance and falls. He
text: rises quickly, glaring beyond the black shapes all
text: around him...then points outside the gentle fleet
text: of whales, his finger like a fixed bayonet.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: There! THERE!
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DUSK
dialog: 92
text: MOBY DICK breaches with a tremendous jump -- three
dialog: times the size of the other whales! Then swims
text: steadily away.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. AHAB'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Ahab crashes his way toward the bow...
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Row, you monkeys -- ROW!
text: He seizes Fedallah's harpoon and rushes forward...
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Move aside...
text: He stumbles and falls, keeps going frantically...
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: ...LET ME GIVE IT TO HIM!
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
text: A sperm whale suddenly breaches half under the boat
text: with a HARD BUMP, lifting it up! The boat slides off
text: its back, landing upright in the water next to it.
text: Wasting no time, Queequeg thrusts his harpoon with
text: great power -- WHISH! Deep into the whale's hump!
text: A giant's GRUNT, followed by a thrashing tail,
text: slapping the water beside them! Instant chaos...
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Stern all, stern all! Quick!
text: The oarsmen immediately row away from the agonizing
text: whale and its deadly flukes.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Give him another, Queequeg!
text: Queequeg aims, throws another harpoon into the mountain
text: of thrashing blubber -- another deadly hit!
dialog: 
text: The whale's spout gushes spasmodically. The air fills
text: with bloody mist, spraying the whalers red as they row
text: frantically away from the sea beast's death throes.
dialog: 93
text: The whale starts to dive. Harpoon lines spin out of
text: the loggerhead basket -- rolls of line uncoil rapidly,
dialog: the basket shaking violently!
text: Unnoticed by the others, frightened Pip scrambles
text: out from beneath the box plank and stumbles into the
text: basket -- his little legs tangled in spinning lines!
text: Queequeg lets loose a WAR CRY at the fast-receding
text: whale. Ishmael jumps to his feet, straining to get
dialog: a look...
text: A QUICK, TINY SCREAM startles him from behind!
text: Pip suddenly squirts out past him, dragged by a line
text: and yanked overboard -- into the churning water!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Man overboard, Mister
dialog: Starbuck! Man overboard!
text: He quickly throws a lifebuoy to the boy. Starbuck
text: sees what's happened, but he's too distracted.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: For God's sake...it's PIP,
dialog: sir! He's out there!
text: The boat suddenly lurches forward -- dragged at
text: great speed by the wounded, diving whale. The
text: running lines around a stanchion start to smoke.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Wet the line! Wet the line!
text: Queequeg dumps a bucket of water over the smoking
text: rope. The boat vibrates with the power of the drag.
text: Gripping the tiller, Starbuck quickly scans around him.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DUSK
text: The circle of panicking whales tightens around the
text: three boats, Ahab's moving beyond it. Starbuck's boat
text: is pulled deeper into the fray.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
dialog: 94
text: Queequeg snatches up a lance and points urgently at
text: the taut lines.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Me cut-em, sir?! Cut dem
dialog: lines 'fore we be splintered
dialog: up by dem whales?!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: NO! Not yet...look!
text: He points forward.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DUSK
text: An opening between the circling whales, out toward the
text: calm, moonlit sea. The boat flies through the gap.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Ishmael turns and looks far astern:
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DUSK
text: Pip clings to the floating lifebuoy, floundering in
text: the eruption of white water all around him. The boy
text: SCREAMS INAUDIBLY, waving a frantic arm for help.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Ishmael turns to Starbuck in a panic.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Sir! What about Pip--
text: Beside him, Bulkington grips his arm.
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: Sit down, boy. Nothin' we can
dialog: do.
scene_heading: EXT. AHAB'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Ahab hangs over the prow, harpoon held before him
text: with fixed intensity. Dead ahead:
dialog: 95
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DUSK
text: Outward bound, the white whale swims steadily and
text: obliviously...still too far to strike.
scene_heading: EXT. AHAB'S BOAT - DUSK
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: ROW! ROW! ROW!!
text: He glares back at the other boats, but they're too
text: far away to offer any support. He looks forward:
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DUSK
text: MOBY DICK's giant flukes rise up in the moonlit air,
text: then drop quickly into the calm water...disappearing
text: into the deep blue. He's gone.
text: Ahab GROWLS with monumental frustration.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
text: The lines go slack, and the boat suddenly slows.
text: Ishmael jumps up, unable to suppress himself.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Mister Starbuck, sir! We
dialog: can't just act as if nothing
dialog: has happened! We've GOT to
dialog: go back for him!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Sit down! SIT, I tell you,
dialog: before ye wind up in the
dialog: water too!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: But he'll drown if we don't
dialog: go back!
text: Starbuck pushes Ishmael back onto the rowers' bench.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Take back that oar, sailor!
dialog: We've got other business to
dialog: attend to. We can't just
dialog: drop everything and set off
dialog: 96
dialog: on a salvage mission! SIT!
text: He turns his attention back to the becalmed water.
text: Ishmael glances helplessly at Bulkington. Queequeg
text: hauls in the lines as fast as he can.
text: The struck whale surfaces...missing the boat by a
text: few feet. It spins slowly in the water, its massive
text: jaws opening and closing with dwindling energy.
text: Queequeg and two oarsmen pull together on the slack
text: lines until they're taut with the harpoons imbedded
text: in the whale. They tow the boat toward the dying
dialog: creature.
text: As they pull up alongside it, Ahab's boat appears.
scene_heading: EXT. AHAB'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Ahab guides his craft behind Starbuck's boat. He
text: scans the whale with a grave look. Subdued now,
text: but storming inside. In a quiet voice:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Did ye not see HIM, Mister
dialog: Starbuck?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: I did, sir.
text: Ahab turns a fierce expression on him, but his voice
dialog: remains low.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: And why did ye strike THIS
dialog: whale, if ye could see Moby
dialog: Dick?
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Starbuck is silent for a beat.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: I'm a whaler, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. AHAB'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Long, silent eye contact. Ahab abruptly turns away
dialog: 97
text: and waves at his Arab oarsmen. His boat pulls away
text: from Starbuck's. Ahab calls back over his shoulder:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Get that blubber on deck
dialog: tonight, Starbuck, before
dialog: daylight. We'll be pushin'
text: on in the morning.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Starbuck glances at Ishmael. He quickly shouts to
text: Ahab's retreating boat.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: What about the boy, sir?!
scene_heading: EXT. AHAB'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Ahab signals his oarsmen, and the boat slows.
text: In b.g., Stubb's and Flask's boats row in close to
text: join them, the whalers assessing the new kill.
text: Ahab turns, his face in shadow like a phantom in
text: the still gloom.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: What boy?
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DUSK
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
text: Pip, sir. He's lost at sea.
text: Stubb's boat steers side by side with Starbuck's.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Aye, I saw him myself! Miles
dialog: of sea between him and us by
dialog: now. We can't afford to lose
dialog: this fine kill on account of
dialog: that minstrel's foolishness.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Pip, ye say? The tambourine
dialog: boy? And how did HE come
dialog: to be in your boat, Mister
dialog: Starbuck?
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Stowed away, sir, where he
dialog: wasn't supposed to be. He's
dialog: just a shipkeeper, Captain,
dialog: a tender-hearted jolly boy...
dialog: and I fear we've lost ‘im.
text: Ishmael waits expectantly, full of worry. Queequeg
text: too looks concerned and steps forward.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Me go find Pip! Pip be dead,
dialog: dat be bad magic!
text: Across the water, Ahab deliberates for a beat. He
text: grunts to his Arabs, and they continue to row. His
text: boat drifts away, as he calls back:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Ye have 'til dawn to find
dialog: that ungracious little brat,
dialog: or whatever the sharks've
text: left of him, so make haste.
dialog: (to his oarsmen)
dialog: Give way now, greyhounds!
dialog: Dog to it!
text: Ishmael breathes a sigh of relief. So does Starbuck,
text: as he turns to Bulkington.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Organize a search party,
dialog: Mister Bulkington. And take
dialog: Queequeg and Ishmael.
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: Aye, sir.
text: In b.g., Flask leans over from his boat and grins at
text: Queequeg, gesturing at the dead whale.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Seems a shame to leave behind
dialog: such a noble prize.
text: Queequeg grunts scoffingly and turns away to the
text: bow, more interested in the rescue than the whale.
scene_heading: EXT. STUBB'S BOAT - DUSK
dialog: 99
text: Starbuck jumps across from his boat into Stubb's.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Let's bring this fish in,
dialog: Mister Stubb.
text: Stubb glances at Starbuck's boat, Bulkington now in
text: command. Stubb shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Ye got a hundred barrels of
dialog: sperm oil here -- why would ye
dialog: be wastin' yer men's time
dialog: lookin' for a cabin boy?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: It's the rightful thing to do.
dialog: A child's life is worth more
text: than a whale's hide.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Aye, can't argue with that.
scene_heading: EXT. BULKINGTON'S BOAT - DUSK
text: Waving the men to their oars, Bulkington gazes out
text: into the darkness.
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: Let's to it, boys!
text: The oarsmen row. Ishmael wields his oar vigorously,
text: redoubling his efforts.
text: Receding away in Stubb's boat, Starbuck shouts back:
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: I'1l bust open a hogshead of
text: brandy to the man who finds
dialog: the boy! Will ye spit fire,
dialog: men?!
text: AYE, AYES all around. They row away from the other
text: boats, Queequeg perched at the bow, scanning the
text: sea like a hawk.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 100
dialog: ACT 2
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - AFT DECK - NIGHT
text: A polished harpoon, sharpened on a spinning grindstone,
text: sparks flying. The sparks fill our view, behind them
text: Ahab's hard-set features. Waiting intensely.
text: The Blacksmith raises the harpoon, presenting its
text: two-flued razor head before the Captain. Ahab nods
dialog: with approval.
text: Glimpsed in b.g, a gigantic, severed whale's head
text: is hoisted and swung suspended over the deck by
text: pulley chains straining from yard arms. The deck
text: tilts to one side under its heavy weight.
text: Tri-works furnaces burn and boiling pots smoke,
text: adding a nightmarish atmosphere to the scene.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - NIGHT
text: Deep in the heart of moonlit darkness drifts a
text: lone, lamp-lit whale boat.
scene_heading: EXT. BULKINGTON'S BOAT - NIGHT
text: Glimmering lanterns held high, Bulkington, Ishmael
text: and the men search the calm sea. Queequeg peers
text: intently across the black, ominous waters. Not a
text: sign of life. The men call out sporadically:
speaker_heading: CREWMEN
dialog: Pip! Pip! Where are ye, boy?!
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCK'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Starbuck dozes over an open bible on his bunk,
text: a flickering candle beside him. The room tilts,
text: timbers GROANING and CREAKING.
text: The candle burns down...a TIME-LAPSE EFFECT, as
text: hours pass in seconds...to a melted, dead stump
text: by the light of dawn.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAWN
text: Dawn's early light creeps over an endless horizon.
dialog: 101
text: Pip clings helplessly to the lifebuoy, alone in the
text: vast emptiness. He sings a little DITTY ina
text: trembling voice.
text: His head jerks around with a moan of despair...
text: A shark's fin streaks through the water with lethal
text: swiftness, circling around him.
text: Pip bobs frantically, gasping with terror, wide eyes
text: fixed on the approaching predator.
text: The shark fin disappears under. Instinctively, Pip dives...
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - DAWN
text: Holding his breath, Pip sees the shark closing in with
text: smaller circles, fixed on him with cold, unblinking black
text: eyes. Pip waves his arms and legs furiously in a vain
text: effort to scare off the death mask before him. The
text: circling shark moves in for the kill, its jaws widening...
text: Pip manages to land a fist directly onto the shark's nose!
text: It flips its tail, darts away...then streaks in again, relentlessly
dialog: closer...
text: A massive white wall suddenly fills the deep -- passing
text: within inches of Pip! The shark flees. Pip surfaces...
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAWN
text: Pip sucks in air, clutching the lifebuoy. His wide eyes
text: on the titantic white whale, plunging away, leaving swells
text: in his wake. MOBY DICK is gone as quickly as he appears.
text: An empty sea again, the waves too high for Pip to see far. Then...
text: Another, bigger shark's fin approaches. Again circling
text: him, again submerging...
text: Pip takes deep gulps of air, then dives again.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - DAWN
text: Pip gapes. A great white shark, three times larger.
text: It circles once, then zeros in. Resigned to death,
text: Pip shuts his eyes and exhales bubbles of air...
text: sinking. The big shark draws closer, closer...
text: A sharp WHISSHHH -- a harpoon spears through the
text: shark's body! Thrashing in a cloud of blood, the
dialog: 102
text: great white vanishes from sight.
text: Eyes closed, losing consciousness, Pip sinks down...
text: A tattooed arm dips down from above -- a hand seizes
text: Pip by the hair and hauls him up toward the light.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN - MORNING
text: Ahab stands by the cabin window, staring morosely at
text: the rising sun.
text: The Carpenter kneels at his feet, working to fit a new
text: whale-bone peg leg, having a difficult time setting it
text: in its place.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: If the Capt'n pleases...let
dialog: me measure it now, sir.
text: Ahab glares down at his poorly fitted stump, his
text: irritation more of a good-humored bark than bite.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Are you a manmaker, Carpenter,
dialog: that you'd measure me like a
dialog: suit?! Well, carry on...it's
dialog: not the first time.
text: The Carpenter secures the peg leg with a tightening tool.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont')
dialog: Accursed fate, that my soul
dialog: would have such a craven
dialog: mate for a body.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: How does that feel, sir?
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: I canst say. I only feel
dialog: what is not there.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Aye. A dismasted man never
dialog: loses the feeling of his
dialog: lost spar.
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Ah, that's better. ..good!
text: He bends down and grasps the bone stump with both hands,
text: then grabs the Carpenter's tool to tighten it harder.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Oh sir, careful, sir! It'll
dialog: break bones, that will...
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: (laughs bitterly)
dialog: No fear! I like a good grip!
dialog: I like to feel something in
dialog: this slippery world that I
dialog: can hold onto!
text: Ahab straightens up and gazes inwardly.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: You ever hear of an old Greek
dialog: named Prometheus?
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: No, sir...can't say I ever
dialog: shipped with the man, sir.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Prometheus was he who made
dialog: men. Made ‘em whole with tools,
dialog: like this...
dialog: (indicates tool)
dialog: Then he animated them from
dialog: FIRE! 'Twas he who should have
dialog: made me...what's made in fire
dialog: must properly belongs to fire.
text: The Carpenter finishes and looks up, clearly mystified
text: by him. Ahab looks inspired, spilling out the words:
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Then I would've been complete!
dialog: Fifty feet high in my socks!
dialog: My legs would have ROOTS, my
dialog: arms three feet to the wrist!
dialog: No heart at all...eyes? No!
text: A skylight atop my head to
text: light up an acre of brains.
dialog: Proud as a Greek god...AYE!
dialog: A Greek god...
dialog: 104
dialog: (looks down)
dialog: And not standing on a broken
text: stick of dead bone.
text: He gazes wretchedly at his stump, back to reality.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Aye...my torn soul and gashed
dialog: body...they bleed into each
dialog: other.
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Aye. The truth shakes me
dialog: falsely.
text: In b.g. by the cabin doorway, a turbaned figure
text: lingers in the shadows. Fedallah.
text: The Carpenter rises stiffly, bent with arthritis.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: I thank ye, Carpenter. Now,
dialog: go back to your fixin's...
dialog: leave Ahab to the gods.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Aye, aye, sir.
text: He shuffles out. Ahab sits deep in his broodings,
text: then recognizes the shadowy presence. A gruff,
dialog: impatient tone:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: What d'ye want?
text: Fedallah eases into the lamp light, an inscrutable
text: smile of broken teeth. His English is thickly
text: accented, his voice gnarled and sibilant:
speaker_heading: FEDALLAH
dialog: The dream comes to me again...
dialog: of my master's death.
text: Ahab doesn't move or react.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: MY death? Then I pray ye go
dialog: before me.
text: Fedallah shrugs, as if the thought were supremely
text: indifferent to him.
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: FEDALLAH
dialog: I shall. As your pilot.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Well then, me pilot, I pledge
dialog: to ye that I will slay Moby
dialog: Dick -- and survive it!
text: Fedallah's voice lowers, full of dark meaning:
speaker_heading: FEDALLAH
dialog: Only rope can destroy Ahab.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: The gallows, then? Ha! Well
dialog: then...I am immortal!
text: Fedallah slinks back into the shadows, saying no
text: more. Ahab glares scornfully after him...yet
text: unnerved by him.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - MORNING
text: The suspended whale's head, stripped of blubber,
text: is hoisted overboard from the lower mast cranes.
text: Almost a skeleton, it's a ghastly sight.
text: Starbuck oversees crewmen gathered around the port
text: side, working the chains and pulleys and about to
text: drop it into the sea. A SHOUT from the lookout:
speaker_heading: DAGOO (0.S.)
dialog: Whaleboat to starboard helm!
dialog: They got PIP!
text: Starbuck and the men rush in unison to the starboard
text: side. WILD CHEERS ring out, as Bulkington's boat
text: rows in fast.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - MORNING
text: Ahab emerges from his cabin and looks down to see
text: the rescue party climbing aboard. Surprised by the
text: sight of Pip, his harsh face softens, almost a smile.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - MORNING
dialog: 106
text: Queequeg boards with little Pip in his arms, the boy
text: dazed but alive. Bulkington takes him and hands him
text: to Flask, who gives him to Stubb. The men pass the
text: boy between them like a bucket brigade...to Starbuck,
text: who sits Pip atop an oil barrel.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: We missed ye, lad! Bring ‘im
dialog: his music!
text: Pip stares vacantly, disoriented. Stubb turns to
text: Bulkington with a laugh.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Well, this is a fine day!
dialog: We'd given him up for lost!
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: Thank Ishmael and Queequeg.
text: They spotted him.
text: Stubb turns to pound Ishmael's back with a mighty
dialog: whack.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: By jimminy! You're a credit
dialog: to us all!
text: Ishmael smiles proudly, as men give him and Queequeg
text: hearty pats. The two trade grins of brotherly
text: kinship. They step over to Pip.
text: Everyone gathers round the boy, as Tashtego pushes
text: the tambourine into Pip's hands.
speaker_heading: TASHTEGO
dialog: G'won, Pip! Do us a tune!
text: Pip focuses glassy eyes on the tambourine, as if he
text: doesn't recognize it. Then...he throws it violently
text: to the deck. Stunned, silent looks all around.
text: Queequeg picks it up with a disturbed frown. Ishmael
text: reaches out to Pip.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Pip...what is it, boy?
text: Pip scans the men's face, as if they were strangers.
text: Ishmael lays a gentle hand on him -- Pip thrashes
dialog: 107
text: out, delirious, pummeling him with his small fists.
text: Then he leaps off the barrel and dashes away. The
text: men watch, horrified.
text: Pip scurries aimlessly around the deck in a wild
text: panic, slips and falls. Around him, the planks are
text: slick with whale blood and bones. Pip stares at
text: the blood on his hands, then gapes up toward:
text: The giant, skeletal whale head, hanging over the
text: side above him. Pip gives an ear-shattering SHRIEK!
text: Bewildered, the men don't know what to do. Queequeg
text: rushes over and quickly releases a pulley chain...
text: The whale head plummets into the sea, a huge SPLASH!
text: Pip staggers up and runs to a whaleboat, flailing
text: his arms as he did underwater with the sharks. He
text: climbs into it, as if out of the sea. Crouches
text: inside of it, huddled and BABBLING to himself.
text: Completely insane.
text: The crew stares at him with befuddled looks, their
text: morale shattered. Queequeg turns grimly to Ishmael.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Dis bad magic. BAD magic.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Witnessing the scene below, Ahab too is affected.
text: But his mind turns elsewhere, as he shouts down:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Prepare to set sail, Starbuck!
dialog: We've wasted enough time!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Right away, sir. Up sails,
dialog: mates, let's catch a breeze!
text: Men disperse to their duties, too demoralized to jump
text: to it, slowly climbing the masts. Ahab booms at them:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Make speed, ye lackies! Do
dialog: ye not know he's out there?!
dialog: Thunder away at it! We'll not
dialog: be whalers again -- 'til it's
dialog: 108
text: MOBY DICK'S head hangin' from
dialog: these yard arms!
text: Driven by his voice, the crew picks up the pace.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH ATLANTIC OCEAN - DAY
text: Clear skies to the horizon. The full-sailed Pequod
text: speeds across deeper, bluer waters. Her bow dips
text: and plows through powerful swells.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - MASTS - DAY
text: All sails billow out like canvas balloons, masts
text: swaying in a strong breeze. A breathtaking view.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: By the helm, Starbuck squints toward the horizon
text: and checks his compass. He turns to the wheelman.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
text: Two points east southeast.
text: Steady before the breeze.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Starbuck steps down to middeck before a curious sight
text: at the bottom of the main mast:
text: Ahab stands on the flat seat of a custom-made cradle
text: suspended a few feet off the deck. Stubb and Flask
text: rig pulley lines beside him. Starbuck approaches
dialog: Ahab.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: If the wind holds up, sir,
dialog: we should be around the Cape
dialog: in two days hence.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Aye, but no later than that.
dialog: (indicates cradle)
dialog: Now I too will stand lookout.
dialog: Is it ready, Mister Stubb?
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Secure as a mother's arms, sir.
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Starbuck, take the rope and
dialog: raise your captain. I will
dialog: commend my life into thy hands.
text: Looks between them, as if this were a test of loyalty.
text: Starbuck steps forward, takes the pulley line, then
text: hauls Ahab's cradle up the mast with strong hands.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: I'll have first sight of the
dialog: white whale. Aye, myself!
text: As he ascends, he slams a fist against the gold coin.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: And win back my doubloon!
text: The cradle rises to the maintop, swinging in the
text: breeze. Ahab stands like an iron statue, keeping
text: perfect balance, fiery eyes fixed to the horizon.
text: All the crew watch his upward progress. Fedallah
text: smiles to himself with feline cunning. Watching from
text: their station, Ishmael and Queequeg turn toward Pip:
text: Still in the whaleboat, Pip MUTTERS incomprehensibly
text: to himself in some strange, mindless language. Never
dialog: again will he smile or dance.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH ATLANTIC OCEAN - DAY
text: The Pequod plunges up and down through rolling swells,
text: waves crashing against her bow.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - MAINTOP - DAY
text: Ahab's high cradle swings like a pendulum. He keeps
text: a determined watch, rigid on his peg leg.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: The crew swabs the deck clean. None of them notice
text: Pip, who scrambles out of the whaleboat and makes a
text: beeline for the main mast.
text: He stares dourly at the shiny gold coin nailed to the
text: wood. A whispery singsong voice:
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: 110
dialog: We, ye, they...are all bats!
text: Ishmael and the others turn, watching perplexedly.
text: Pip points to the Captain's cabin.
speaker_heading: PIP (cont'd)
dialog: There! In there! Two bones
dialog: stuck in trousers...and one
dialog: be not his, but a whale's!
text: Stubb steps over to observe him, chuckling nervously.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: I fear we should've left
dialog: Pip to his fate, poor boy!
text: Pip recoils from Stubb and darts up the mast ropes
text: like a little monkey.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN MAST - DAY
text: He perches halfway on the ladder, GIBBERING AWAY in
text: mad terror. Higher above him, Ahab nods off from
dialog: weariness.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Stubb shakes his head up at him. He turns to peer
text: closely at the doubloon. Starbuck, Flask and
text: Ishmael join him.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Sixteen dollars. HAH! I've
dialog: seen doubloons before, nothin'
dialog: but round things made of gold.
dialog: Not much wonder in 'em. But
dialog: whoever kills that white
dialog: demon, this round thing
dialog: belongs to him!
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: It's ship's bounty to ME,
dialog: Stubb -- it'll win me nine
dialog: hundred and sixty cigars!
text: In b.g., Fedallah chortles mischievously at them with
text: a toothy grin and shakes his head.
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: It's the ship's navel, I tell
dialog: ye. And everyone's on fire
text: to unscrew it. But unscrew
text: a navel and see what happens.
text: Stubb and Flask look at him, uncomprehending. Ishmael
text: nods understandingly.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Aye. To me it speaks wisely...
dialog: but sadly. It's all in one's
dialog: perception.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Perception? How d'ye mean?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Different ways of lookin',
dialog: sir. I used to teach my
dialog: school children about. ..what
dialog: Man sees and what God sees.
dialog: But Man sees only one thing,
text: what he WANTS to see.
scene_heading: EXT. MAINTOP - DAY
text: Exhausted, Ahab dozes as he stands on his lookout
text: cradle. Above him on the top lookout, Tashtego
text: scans the horizon and suddenly cries out:
speaker_heading: TASHTEGO
dialog: There she blows, Cap'n!! It's
dialog: WHITE! The white whale!
text: Startled, Ahab pops his eyes open and peers out.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH ATLANTIC OCEAN - DAY
text: Far to the horizon, a distant spout amidst rolling
text: whitecaps. A whale, but too far away to distinguish.
scene_heading: EXT. MAINTOP - DAY
text: Ahab's face twists into a glower of such hatred that
text: he's momentarily incapable of speaking. Then...
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Lower me away! Quick, there!
dialog: 112
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Deckhands rush to man the pulley ropes, while others
text: hasten to the bulwarks to sight the whale.
text: Starbuck and Ishmael gaze up at Ahab, tiring of all
dialog: this madness.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: 'Tis like the old man and
text: his whale. He sees but a
dialog: monster of destruction...
dialog: (turns to Starbuck)
dialog: Perhaps in God's eyes, Moby
dialog: Dick is just another of His
dialog: creatures, doin' what's
dialog: natural...
text: Absorbing this, Starbuck looks between lowering Ahab
text: and the mast coin beside him. Its brilliant gold
text: reflection catches his eye...blinding him.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: Just that. Just a whale.
text: Starbuck shields his eyes and turns away.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Damnable coin! It's put here
dialog: to blind us all!
text: Ahab lands on the deck before them. He quickly
text: THUNK-CLOPS to the bulwark with feverish energy.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Steward! My eyeglass!
text: Starbuck leans calmly over the side amidst excited
text: sailors, gazing out with an eagle's eye.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: It's not white, Captain, it's
text: grey. Probably a humpback.
text: Ahab snatches his eyeglass from the Steward and peers
text: out. He can't see well enough and angrily tosses it.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: It's Moby Dick, I tell ye!
dialog: (shouts up)
dialog: Unfurl the topgallants -- we
dialog: 113
dialog: need more sail!
text: Starbuck catches sight of something else and points
text: seaward.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Lo, sir! Sperm whales, to
dialog: the starboard beam!
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH ATLANTIC OCEAN - DAY
text: A small pod of spouting sperm heads, a half-mile across
text: the water. A healthy harvest.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Ahab keeps his eyes glued to the bow, refusing to even
text: glance starboard. Starbuck turns to him.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Shall we lower away, sir?
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Up all sails, Mister Starbuck!
dialog: Drive on!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: There's barrels of gold out
dialog: there, sir -- worth far more
dialog: than a Spanish coin!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Those are my orders!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: But SIR!--
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: SAIL ON, I SAY!
text: A tense beat, Starbuck rebellious. But he does nothing.
text: He turns to see Fedallah smiling slyly at him, picking
text: his teeth with his long fingernail. Starbuck shouts to
dialog: the wheel.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Steady on course, helmsman!
dialog: Sail onward...
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: 114
dialog: Nowhere.
scene_heading: EXT. TOPMASTS - DAY
text: High on the tallest mast, hands unfurl the topgallant
text: sails. One after another, until every sheet is taut
dialog: with wind.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH ATLANTIC OCEAN - DAY
text: All sails full, the Pequod drives hard to leeward in
text: pursuit of the elusive spout...a speck on the sea.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Stubb and Bulkington lean over the side, harsh spray
text: in their faces, watching seaward:
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH ATLANTIC OCEAN - DAY
text: The distant, unrecognizable whale dives out of sight.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Ahab ROARS, frustrated again. He paces across the
text: ship at that half-stomping gait, stewing away.
text: Stubb turns out of the wind and lights his pipe.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Well, that's that. He'll
dialog: not breach for an hour, and
dialog: miles from here. He's a
dialog: cunning one, that Moby Dick.
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: If it WAS Moby Dick...
text: He looks off toward pacing Ahab, with deep knowledge:
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON (cont'd)
dialog: But he'll make us chase him
dialog: across the Antarctic, if we
dialog: let 'im. And when we're good
dialog: and exhausted, when it's time
dialog: to turn back, Ahab'1ll say
dialog: "Drive on!"
dialog: (turns to Stubb)
dialog: He's seen Moby Dick...he's
dialog: 115
dialog: looked again into that cold
text: eye. He won't let up now.
text: Ahab stops at the port side to look out, desperate for
text: a sign. Fedallah edges close beside him. He hisses
text: aside to him in deepest privacy, nodding toward sea.
speaker_heading: FEDALLAH
dialog: He IS out there, my master.
dialog: Very near now...very near!
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN OCEAN - DAY
text: The Pequod speeds southward through colder waters,
text: her sails straining against the wind. On the horizon,
text: drifting ice floes speckle the grey sea.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: The tri-works furnace burns, billowing black smoke.
text: The Cook pulls out a baked loaf of bread on the blade
text: end of a harpoon. The Blacksmith dumps in a bucket
text: of whale oil to fuel the tri-works' blaze.
text: Bundled in winter coats and scarves, Stubb, Flask and
text: others huddle close to the warmth of its open hearth.
text: Ishmael paces nearby to ward off the cold.
text: Starbuck steps over to watch the Blacksmith dip his
text: bucket into an open oil cask.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Burning the cargo, are we now?
dialog: Wasting our profits?
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: What good is our damned profits
dialog: if we freeze to death?!
text: Starbuck nods resignedly and kneels down to warm
text: himself beside Bulkington and Pip. The men glance
text: sullenly toward their lone captain on the bow.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
text: Ahab stands fixed on the bow in his thin black coat,
text: inured to the subzero chill, eyes riveted to the
text: horizon as if trying to will the whale to appear.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
dialog: 116
text: Ishmael paces beside the bulwark and gazes down at
dialog: the water:
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP'S SIDE - DAY
text: Small chunks of ice float past in the currents.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN OCEAN - DAY
text: An antarctic desolation of sea and ice. The Pequod's
text: course is slowed by massive bergs and broken floes the
text: size of islands. Beyond lie endless fields of ice.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Halyard ropes are frozen, riddled with icicles. Crewmen
text: move stiffly about, slipping on the sleet-covered deck.
text: Ishmael and Queequeg gape out in wonder at the high
text: peaks of passing bergs.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
text: Ahab stares wearily forward, his face frostbitten,
text: his energy sapped by the cold. Starbuck approaches him,
text: hugging his coat, chilled to the bone. Weary irony
dialog: in his voice:
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Captain. Might I be so bold
dialog: to suggest that we turn north
dialog: now. Back on course, sir,
text: toward the Cape.
text: Ahab offers no reply, eyes fixed forward.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: There are no whales in these
dialog: waters, sir.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: He's there, Mister Starbuck.
dialog: He dares me to follow.
text: He peers over the masses of ice with forced confidence.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: I've sailed over Greenland
dialog: waters worst than this. We can
dialog: force through this ice.
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Aye, but not THIS time of year.
dialog: The ice is too thick for such
dialog: a gamble -- it can break this
dialog: ship up into matchwood!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: We will drive on.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: But Moby Dick's trackings are
dialog: due EAST, sir -- you told me
dialog: yourself! Around the Cape!
text: Ahab's will almost weakens, but he won't give in.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: He's taunting us, man, don't ye
dialog: see that? He's taunting us!
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP'S SIDE - DAY
text: Huge ice chunks collide against the bow hull.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
text: Starbuck and Stubb stare over the side with worrisome
text: frowns.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Pack ice.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Aye, a bad sign. Shouldn't we
dialog: turn about?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: (a bitter smirk)
dialog: Captain's orders.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: At the helm, shivering Dough-Boy steers through the
text: obstacle course of icebergs. He glances anxiously at
text: his captain at the railing.
text: Ahab gazes across the expanse, a lifeless figure, his
text: eyes fixed on the frozen wasteland.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
dialog: 118
text: Starbuck and Stubb stare grimly forward: dead ahead,
text: the passage between ice floes narrows into a twisty
text: water lane through solid sheets of whiteness.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP'S SIDE - DAY
text: An ice floe's edge SCRAPES dangerously against the hull.
scene_heading: INT. FORECASTLE - DAY
text: Hull timbers CREAK under a terrible pressure. Frozen
text: faces listen to the SCRAPING SOUNDS outside, Ishmael
text: and Queequeg crouched together in thick blankets.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: That old man's going to kill
dialog: us all!
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: He de devil.
text: The Carpenter and the Cook look over from their bunks.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: I wouldn't judge 'im too harshly.
dialog: How'd ye feel if YOU had a stick
dialog: of whalebone for a bedfellow?
text: The Cook glances over the old, bent man with a scoff.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Wouldn't do YOU much good, now
dialog: would it?
text: The Carpenter glares back at him.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN OCEAN - DAY
text: A forward view of the Pequod: the sharp points of two
text: giant ice floes close in rapidly, blocking her path!
text: Men run to the bow bulwarks in alarm.
text: A rear view of her stern: massive chunks of pack ice
text: drift in behind, the ship now trapped from both sides!
scene_heading: INT. FORECASTLE - DAY
text: The cabin shakes from a terrible CRUNCH of ice! Ishmael
dialog: 119
text: cowers in fear. Everyone bolts up and dashes deckside.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Dismayed by the impact, Ahab shouts to his helmsman.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Hard to port!
text: Dough-Boy spins the wheel hard. The deck shudders
text: violently -- the SOUNDS of GNASHING, GRINDING ICE!
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN OCEAN - DAY
text: The Pequod slows to an agonizing halt -- wedged into
text: the joined points of the ice floes! Ice edges grip
text: her bow hull like a slowly closing vise.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
text: Starbuck and Stubb rush to the side and look down.
text: Ahab THUNK-CLOPS furiously forward and stares out in
text: despair, crewmen behind him.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Crack my heart, I've lost him!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Lost HIM?! Dammit, we're
dialog: losing our SHIP!
text: He leaps down to middeck, shouting orders.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Quick, men, lower the sheets!
dialog: Dump the anchors! Carpenter,
dialog: fetch timber! You harpooners,
dialog: come below deck!
scene_heading: INT. SHIP'S CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Starbuck and others clamor downstairs. Walls around
text: them GROAN from the weight of wedged ice.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
text: Ahab stands fast at the frozen bow, oblivious to the
text: commotion, staring at the white vastness around him.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: 120
dialog: Oh my insufferable foe...thy
dialog: whiteness blinds me! My feud
dialog: is undone...
text: He shuts his eyes from the white expanse.
scene_heading: INT. BOW HOLD - DAY
text: A bulkhead GROANS and CREAKS from the crushing pressure
text: outside. Starbuck, Bulkington and the harpooners lift a
text: heavy mast timber to shore up the bow walls, its length
text: spanning the full width of the hold. The old Carpenter
text: carries in another huge timber on his back, crouched
text: over like Christ bearing the cross.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN OCEAN - DAY
text: The Pequod sits silent and immobile between the floes,
text: marooned in a prairie of ice. Just beyond the wedge
text: lies a gap of open sea. So close, so unreachable.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DAY
text: Ahab moves to an open window and gazes out defeatedly at
text: the frozen expanse outside, an icy breeze in his face.
text: Tears well up in his eyes. Then, an angry outcry...
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Why must I endure these
dialog: torments?! If I had but ONE
text: MOMENT, flank to flank with
dialog: that demon whale, I'd face a
dialog: thousand-fold perils!
dialog: (clenches a fist)
dialog: Damn yer white hide, where
dialog: ARE ye?! Show yourself!
dialog: Show me a sign!
text: He listens to the antarctic silence. No sound but the
text: WHISTLING WIND against his face.
text: He turns and slumps down in a chair before his table of cluttered
text: Maps, staring futilely at them.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: So be it...
text: He sweeps them off the table in a fury. Then realizes
text: with a sudden inward horror:
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Plague my soul...I AM Jonah
dialog: now! The God-fugitive!
text: He buries his face in his hands. Sobs uncontrollably.
text: The cabin door creeps open...the shadowy figure of
text: Fedallah towers before him. In b.g., a commotion of
text: men running through the corridor.
text: Ahab looks up, as Fedallah takes a musket hanging from
text: a wall and slowly approaches with an inscrutable smile.
text: Ahab hardens, noting the weapon with irony.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: What prophecy is this, then?
dialog: A mutiny or a speedy death?
text: Fedallah's silent smile broadens to a grin.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: That bad, aye? What savagery
dialog: have I wrought...so consumed
dialog: with the hot fire of my purpose
dialog: that I've murdered my own men!
text: Fedallah draws very close and removes a pouch hanging
text: from the musket. He opens Ahab's palm and trickles a
text: handful of black powder into it. Gunpowder.
speaker_heading: FEDALLAH
dialog: All is not lost, my master.
text: Ahab puzzles over the powder in his hand. Then, a
text: knowing smile spreads across his face.
scene_heading: INT. BOW HOLD - DAY
text: Starbuck, Bulkington and the harpooners brace the ends
text: of a timber under their shoulders, pushing and grunting
text: with herculean strength, leaking water streaming over
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Push, damn ye! Harder!!
text: A new leak gushes into Dagoo's face. He lets go in panic.
speaker_heading: DAGOO
dialog: Ain't no good! We all gonna
dialog: 122
dialog: drown!! TI ain't gon' die...
text: He turns to escape the hold -- Bulkington seizes him and
text: wields a huge Bowie knife against his throat.
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: Get back here, ye black bastard!
text: Dagoo struggles against him, grappling his knife hand.
speaker_heading: DAGOO
dialog: Leggo o' me, white dog!
text: Locked together, might against might...the Bowie knife
text: poised between them. The stronger of the two, Dagoo
text: slowly turns the blade toward Bulkington's throat.
text: A SHOT RINGS OUT -- a bullet splinters the bulkhead,
text: inches from their face! The two freeze.
text: Ahab looms from the corridor behind them, the smoking
text: musket in hand.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Is it a fight ye want, lads?!
dialog: Then the fight is out there!
scene_heading: INT. CARGO HOLD
text: A key turns in a door lock -- the door swings open to
text: reveal barrels of gunpowder. Hands quickly grab them.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN OCEAN - ICE FLOES - DAY
text: A burning fuse inches toward powder barrels dug into
text: the fissure between the ice floes...KABLOOM! A quick
text: fireball! Ice chunks rain down! The smoke clears to
text: reveal a narrow gap...just wide enough for the Pequod
dialog: to pass through.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK
text: The crew BELLOWS OUT A MASS CHEER! Ahab storms through
text: their midst, addressing all with tornado brows.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: MOBY DICK, my hearties! Have
dialog: ye too soon forgotten?! Then
dialog: 123
dialog: let me raise the ante...
text: He turns and gestures to the gold coin on the mast.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Upon the day that white whale
dialog: be killed, THIRTY times this
dialog: sum shall be divided among ye!
dialog: A piece o' gold for EACH AND
dialog: EVERY one of ye! Now what
dialog: d'ye say to that?!
text: Starbuck and the crew stare at him, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: I do not order ye! Ye shall
dialog: WILL IT SO! If Moby Dick
dialog: will not come to us -- then
dialog: we will come to him! DEATH
dialog: to Moby Dick!
text: The crew echoes him passionately, shouting as one:
speaker_heading: CREWMEN
dialog: MOBY DICK!!
scene_heading: EXT. ICE FLOES - DAY
text: Crewmen are fanned out on each side of the narrow
text: waterway -- towing the ship by ropes fastened to her
text: bow. They pull on lines attached to canvas belts
text: around their waists, struggling on foot across the
text: white ice with all their strength and their hearts,
text: SINGING in rhythm to every straining tug.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CREWMEN
dialog: Ho! The fair wind!
dialog: Ho-he-ho! Cheerily, men!
text: Everyone pulls with dogged passion. Slaves to their
text: captain's will. In b.g., the tall-masted Pequod
text: inches ponderously along.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
text: Ahab watches the approach of the widening gap onto the
text: open sea, Starbuck behind him. Ahab towers tall in the
text: frozen gloom, proud as Lucifer, victorious. He gazes
dialog: yonder.
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: AHAB
text: The masterless, untamed sea,
dialog: Mister Starbuck. Behold its
text: tranquil skin...but beneath
dialog: it pants a tiger heart. This
text: velvet paw but conceals a
dialog: remorseless fang. But we'll
dialog: not yield to it, shall we?
text: Starbuck gazes hard at Ahab's back.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: No, Captain. I shall not
dialog: yield to it.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DAY
text: Deserted, quiet. The door creeps open. Pip ventures
text: in, HUMMING some mad melody. Wandering through Ahab's
text: forbidden domain, he comes upon a large carved box and
text: opens it: scrimshaw chess pieces, an ivory chess board.
text: Pip runs his hands over exquisitely carved whale pieces.
text: He spills the contents onto the floor. Kneeling down,
text: he carefully selects the black king and places it on the
text: board. Looks around the cabin, searching for something.
text: He jumps up and snatches up a whale-tooth paperweight.
text: Pip plops back on the floor and places the tooth on the
text: board...the white whale...directly in front of the black
text: king. He leans back and seriously studies the board,
text: HUMMING AWAY. Then jumps up and browses around...
text: Two spare whale-bone peg legs protrude from an open
text: sea chest. Pip touches them with a strange reverence.
text: An arctic breeze wafts in from the window and knocks
text: Ahab's top hat off a clothes rack full of black coats.
text: The hat rolls along the floor...stopping before Pip.
scene_heading: EXT. ICE FLOES - DAY
text: The Pequod passes through onto open waters. Men on the
text: floes drop their ropes and give her a ROUSING CHEER!
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
dialog: 125
text: Ahab nods triumphantly at them, aside to Starbuck:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: We may master this ocean yet!
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN OCEAN - DAY
text: The freed Pequod hugs the wind, forging at full knots.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Sailors tumble aloft to man the sails. Starbuck takes
text: over the helm. Stubb mans the rigging with Ishmael and
text: Queequeg. Ahab hurries toward his cabin, shouting
text: orders all around.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Look to the binnacle! Square
dialog: the yards up there!
text: He stops dead in his tracks, staring forward. The
text: others stare in his direction, their eyes widening.
text: Framed in the cabin doorway is a tall figure ina
text: black coat and top hat, standing on two white peg legs.
text: It's Pip -- dressed in Ahab's clothes, weaving with
text: precarious balance on whale-bone stilts!
text: Ahab stares at Pip's disguise. Clearly amused.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: By God, it's my reflection...
dialog: in everything but the eyes!
dialog: Who are ye, mister?
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: Bell-boy, sir! Ship's crier!
dialog: Ding dong ding! Pip! Sir!
text: Stubb steps forward to reach out and grab the boy.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Quiet, ye crazy loon! Away
dialog: from the Captain's quarters--
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: (stops him)
dialog: Shhh! Hands off His Holiness!
dialog: 126
dialog: The greater idiot ever scolds
dialog: the lesser!
text: He takes Pip in hand. Truly smiles for the first
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, frozen heavens, look down
dialog: upon this luckless child!
dialog: Here, come with me, Pip...
text: He ushers him back into his cabin, Pip wobbling along.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: My cabin shall be your home
dialog: from now on -- for as long as
dialog: Ahab lives. You're tied to me
dialog: with cords of heartstrings, my
dialog: lad, you've touched my center!
dialog: Come along, Pip...
text: He ushers him gently inside. Starbuck trades confused
text: looks with Stubb -- who bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Blood and thunder! well,
dialog: there go two crazy ones now!
dialog: One crazy with strength, the
dialog: other crazy with weakness!
dialog: A "greater idiot," am I,
dialog: eh? Than Pip?! HA!
text: Ishmael and Queequeg exchange bewildered looks.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: ACT 4
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HOPE SEAS - DAY
text: The Pequod plunges through heavier seas. A gusty,
text: sunlit day, but the waters here are forever stormy.
text: Approaching in b.g., tall sails. A whaling ship.
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT (0.S.)
dialog: Sail ho!
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - BOW DECK - DAY
dialog: 127
text: Wind blistering his face at the bow, Ahab searches
text: the horizon with piercing curiosity.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Where away?!
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT (0.S.)
text: Three points on the larboard
dialog: bow, sir! She's bringin'
dialog: down her breeze to us!
text: Ahab turns forward to port and sees her:
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HORN SEAS - DAY
text: The Rachel, a veteran ship like the Pequod, making
dialog: for us under full sail.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Starbuck and Stubb peer out from the port bulwarks,
text: expectancy on their faces.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Well, now! That's a cheerin'
dialog: sight!
text: Bulkington stares out, an intense look on his face,
text: as if the nearing ship were a means of escape.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HORN SEAS - DAY
text: An airborne view: the Rachel is almost abreast of the
text: Pequod, maneuvering to cut the wind from her sails.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: The crew watches from the port rails, the Rachel in
text: full view as the two ships heave side by side on the
dialog: rough seas.
text: The Rachel's sailors SHOUT GREETINGS, but our crew
text: just stares back. Frozen in place, waiting for Ahab.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
text: Ahab balances himself atop the bow gunwale and stands
dialog: 128
text: tall above his crew, looking down on the Rachel's
text: deck. Starbuck approaches, Stubb and Ishmael in tow.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Shall we reef the sails for
dialog: boarding, sir?
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: No time, Mister Starbuck.
text: Starbuck gives him a look, expecting that.
text: Across the patch of rolling waters, the CAPTAIN of
text: the Rachel yells through a megaphone:
speaker_heading: RACHEL CAPTAIN
dialog: Have ye seen a whale boat
dialog: adrift, Captain?!
text: Ahab's face tightens, taken back by that. He clings
text: to a stay, cups his hand to his mouth and shouts:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Have ye seen the White Whale?!
speaker_heading: RACHEL CAPTAIN
dialog: (distractedly)
dialog: Aye, we have...this morning...
text: Ahab reacts with renewed excitement, beside himself.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Where was he, Captain?! Not
dialog: dead, was he? Not...killed!?
speaker_heading: RACHEL CAPTAIN
dialog: What does that matter?!
text: As beside himself as Ahab, the Captain shouts out
text: with misery in his voice:
speaker_heading: RACHEL CAPTAIN (cont'd)
dialog: My boy, sir! I lost a whale
dialog: boat -- my own SON is on that
dialog: boat! For God's sake, I beg
dialog: of ye...help me find ‘im!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Ahab's crew react, eyes turned on their Captain.
dialog: 129
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
text: Ahab shakes his head, a desperate man.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Don't! No, don't ask me to,
dialog: Captain...
text: The Rachel's Captain shouts louder, just as desperate.
speaker_heading: RACHEL CAPTAIN
dialog: I know you, Ahab -- we have
dialog: shipped together! Let me
dialog: charter your ship, sir, just
dialog: for one day! I will gladly
dialog: pay for it and pay handsomely!
dialog: You must...you must and you
dialog: shall do this for me, Ahab!
text: Starbuck, Stubb and Ishmael listen to his pleadings,
text: Stubb overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: By heavens, we must help the
dialog: man! To hell with Ahab and
dialog: his damned whale!
text: Starbuck reacts to Stubb's unusual display of emotion.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
text: The boy's drowned, Stubb.
dialog: You know it as well as I do.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Drowned? How d'ye know that,
dialog: Mister Starbuck?
text: He looks between him and Stubb, both nodding sadly.
text: Ahab, clearly pained by the Rachel Captain's loss,
text: fights off any show of feeling and stands stiffly.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: The whale, Captain! Where
dialog: was he when ye last clapped
dialog: eyes on him?!
speaker_heading: RACHEL CAPTAIN
dialog: Captain Ahab! I will not go
dialog: Ahab's face
dialog: anvil. The
dialog: Ahab shakes
dialog: 130
dialog: "til I hear ye say AYE to me!
dialog: I know ye have a child of
dialog: your own, safe in Nantucket!
dialog: You know I'd do for you and
dialog: your son what I'm askin' ye
dialog: to do for mine! Yes, yes,
dialog: I can see that you relent!...
text: almost weakens, but he stands like an
text: Rachel Captain shouts on determinedly:
speaker_heading: RACHEL CAPTAIN (cont'd)
dialog: I see it! You're relenting,
dialog: Ahab!
dialog: (to his crew)
dialog: Run, men! Stand by to square
dialog: in the yards!
dialog: (across to Ahab)
dialog: We're all going to look for
dialog: that whale boat, sir, and
dialog: find my boy!
text: his head, roaring into the wind:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: NAY! Touch not a rope-yarn!
dialog: Not a block nor a stay!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Shocked reactions from all around him.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
dialog: Stubb and I
text: Unsurprised
dialog: to budge.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: I will not do it, Captain
dialog: Gardiner! Even as we speak,
dialog: I am losing time and I'1l
dialog: not lose any more!
dialog: (turns quickly)
dialog: Mister Starbuck! Prepare
dialog: to turn windward!
text: shmael stare at him in utter disbelief.
text: , Starbuck just glares at him, refusing
text: Ignoring him, Ahab bellows at his crew:
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Man the yards, we're sailing
dialog: on! ON THE DOUBLE!
dialog: 131
text: Fearful of his wrath, the deckhands rush to their
text: duties. Starbuck stands there fixed, hatred in
text: his eyes. Ahab shouts across the water:
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Goodbye, Captain Gardiner!
dialog: Goodbye and may God help ye,
dialog: man! May I forgive myself,
dialog: but now I MUST GO!
speaker_heading: RACHEL CAPTAIN
dialog: (a voice of doom)
dialog: GOD will not forgive you for
dialog: this, Ahab! He will not
dialog: forgive you!!
text: Across the waters, the Rachel starts to recede,
text: as we steer off. The distant Captain stands fast,
text: his figure dwindling away.
text: Ishmael stares out at the sight, dread in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Ahab sweeps across toward the quarterdeck...
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Helmsman! Steady on an
dialog: easterly course--
text: Queequeg suddenly blocks his way, harpoon in hand.
text: A tower of defiance.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Queequeg sail no more!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: To your station, harpooner!
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Cap'n be BAD MAGIC!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Obey me! --
text: Queequeg SLAMS his harpoon down -- its sharp point
text: into the deck between Ahab's feet! Ahab edges back.
dialog: 132
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Queequeg harpoon NO MORE!
text: With that, he struts to the foot of the main mast,
text: plops down on the deck and sits erect and unmoving.
text: Gazing dead ahead. Rooted to the spot.
text: Ahab is near exploding. He thinks twice, glancing
text: around at the men. Faces stare at him. Deciding
text: to ignore Queequeg, he marches away to his cabin.
text: Starbuck, no longer able to contain himself, starts
dialog: after Ahab.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Captain!
text: Ahab presses on, refusing to hear him.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Captain Ahab, sir!
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DAY
text: Ahab storms in, starts to shut the door -- Starbuck
text: blocks it open. Ahab reacts with angry surprise.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Let go that door, Mister
dialog: Starbuck!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Permission to speak with ye--
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Permission denied!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: I WILL speak, sir!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Return to your duties, man!
dialog: On your toes--
text: Starbuck forces his way into the cabin. Ahab backs
text: away, outraged. Starbuck closes the door behind him.
text: In b.g., little Pip sits on Ahab's bunk, bundled up
text: in the Captain's robe, toying with chess pieces,
dialog: 133
text: BABBLING to himself. Oblivious to them.
text: In sudden fury, Ahab seizes a musket hanging on a
text: wall. He points it at Starbuck, who stands defiant.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Ye insubordinate bastard!
dialog: Back to deck -- or by God I'll
dialog: deliver ye straight into hell!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: I AM in hell, sir!
text: Ahab eases his grip, taken back by that. Starbuck
text: faces him with calm fortitude, a voice of reason:
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Capt'n, we've sailed thousands
dialog: of miles to stock oil. We're
dialog: breakin' a solemn oath chasing
dialog: this...mirage of a whale!
dialog: What will the OWNERS say if
dialog: we return with an empty hold?
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Owners?! What cares Ahab?!
dialog: Let those miserly OWNERS stand
text: on Nantucket beach and outyell
dialog: the typhoons, for all I care!
dialog: They're not my conscience --
dialog: MY conscience is in this
dialog: ship's keel!
dialog: (threatens musket)
dialog: Now get back on deck!
text: Starbuck stands fast, unconcerned by the pointed weapon.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Your conscience, Capt'n, is
text: drawin' water. In the end
dialog: it'll sink ye down -- and
dialog: drag US down in your wake!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Damnation! AGAIN you dare
dialog: to question me--
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: 134
dialog: In Jesus' name, think of your
dialog: MEN! No more of this madness!
dialog: The angels mob ye with warnings,
dialog: sir -- do ye not SEE them?!
text: Ahab cocks the musket threateningly, ready to use it.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Out! Get back to the deck!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Nay, sir, not yet!
dialog: (with forced calm)
dialog: I only ask that we try to
dialog: be reasonable men...
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Then listen to me, Mister
dialog: Starbuck. There is one God
dialog: that is lord over the earth,
dialog: and one Captain who's lord
dialog: over the Pequod! GET BACK
dialog: TO YOUR POST!
text: Starbuck sees the burning fire in Ahab's eyes and
dialog: realizes there is no way to reason with this man.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: As you wish, Captain. You
dialog: needn't beware of Starbuck...
dialog: (eyes burning back)
dialog: But let Ahab beware of AHAB!
dialog: Beware of YOURSELF, old man!
text: Stunned by his words, Ahab's rage dissipates. He
text: lowers the musket, regarding him curiously.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: You face me like a brave man,
dialog: shipmate. Yet you obey me.
text: Resigned to it, Starbuck turns and opens the door.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: You're too good of a man,
text: Starbuck.
text: Starbuck turns back. A calm but fierce expression.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: 135
dialog: I wish I were not.
text: He quickly exits.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Queequeg sits at the foot of the mast, hunched over
text: a tiny fire of wood shavings on the deck. He CHANTS a
text: Polynesian ritual, praying to his Yojo.
text: Ishmael hunkers down before him, terribly concerned.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Queequeg! What's got into
dialog: ye, man! If ye don't work,
dialog: you'll get a floggin' for
dialog: sure! Queequeg -- speak
dialog: to me!
text: Queequeg chants away, withdrawn into himself. Dagoo
text: leans over him and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DAGOO
dialog: He's got de voodoo in ‘im.
text: Tashtego appears and kneels down with a handful of
text: wood shavings. He drops them beside Queequeg.
text: Queequeg feeds the shaving into the fire without a
text: word. Just his low, rhythmic, rumbling chant.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Tashtego, what do ye think
dialog: ails him?!
speaker_heading: TASHTEGO
text: His spirit is ill. It be
dialog: his time to die.
text: He looks at Queequeg with deep understanding. Sings
text: a low-voiced INDIAN PRAYER, as if to guide him along.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Time to die?! What manner
dialog: of nonsense is that?!
text: He shakes Queequeg hard, desperate to bring him around.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: 136
dialog: Queequeg! Enough of this!
text: No response. Ishmael rises up, exasperated and afraid.
text: He turns to Dagoo, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: Such madness! First the old
dialog: man, then Pip, now Queequeg...
dialog: are we all goin' mad?!
speaker_heading: DAGOO
dialog: It's Ahab, I tell ye. He's
dialog: put de voodoo in alla us!
text: Starbuck strides angrily across the middeck from the
text: cabin. He stops to behold Queequeg's burning ritual.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: What the devil is this?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: My friend's not well, sir.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Queequeg, put out that flame!
dialog: You'll set the whole ship
dialog: on fire!
text: Queequeg suddenly looks up, as if foreseeing a vision.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Ship on fire...aye! Whole
dialog: big ship! Ship all BURNS!...
dialog: (resigned to it)
dialog: An' Queequeg go him island
dialog: in sky.
text: Ishmael kneels down, gazing at him, trying to understand. Queequeg
text: clutches his arm in a vice-like grip.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG (cont'd)
dialog: Quick...fetch carpenter!
speaker_heading: DAGOO
dialog: I'll fetch 'im for ye, mate.
text: He hurries off. Ishmael leans close to Queequeg.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: 137
dialog: Why d'ye need the carpenter?
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Need him build canoe...like
dialog: dem canoes place 'em inside
dialog: when dem Nantucket whalemen
dialog: dead! Dark wood...like dem
dialog: war-wood canoes on me island!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: What on earth is he saying?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
text: He's talking about a coffin.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: To lie him in and take him
dialog: go island in sky! Not in me
dialog: foc'sle hammock, sabee?
text: Ishmael nods, saddened. He translates to Starbuck,
text: as Dagoo appears with the Carpenter.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: He's asking us not to bury
text: him in his hammock, but to
text: set him afloat in a canoe...
dialog: (rises up)
text: A coffin. He's spoken to
dialog: me about this before...it's
dialog: how warriors are buried in
dialog: his homeland.
text: Starbuck shakes his head in bafflement.
text: The Carpenter shuffles forward.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Aye, so? What's he want?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
text: A coffin that floats. Can
dialog: ye manage that?
text: The Carpenter shrugs. Without a second thought, he
text: produces a string and measures Queequeg's tattooed
text: body, length and breadth. Then he shuffles away.
text: During this, Queequeg mutters a final prayer to his
text: Yojo...then promptly tosses it on the fire.
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Queequeg! That's your god!
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: No more. Don't matter wedder
dialog: be Fiji god or Nantucket god,
dialog: no more god on dis ship...
dialog: (deep whisper)
dialog: No more god.
text: He withdraws back into his chanting, impervious now
text: to Ishmael, lost in a world beyond communication.
text: Ishmael looks plaintively between Starbuck, Dagoo and
text: Tashtego. Their grim expressions offer no solace.
text: The Yojo burns. An ominous chill to the scene.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: ACT 5
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HOPE SEAS - BEFORE DAWN
text: The dusk before sunrise. The Pequod rests on choppy,
text: windswept seas. In b.g., the dark silhouette of a
text: mountainous mass of land. The South African coast.
scene_heading: INT. FORECASTLE - BEFORE DAWN
text: Darkened, oil lamps swinging. Men sleep in their
text: bunks. A lone shadow creeps past and upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN - BEFORE DAWN
text: Pip sleeps in Ahab's bunk, twitching from terrible
text: dreams. The Captain sleeps fitfully in an armchair by
text: the bunk. He too has nightmares, his sweat -sheened
text: head tossing from side to side, his fists clenched.
text: One of his hands momentarily opens, torn by his
text: fingernails...his palm bloody.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - BEFORE DAWN
text: Strong winds buffet the deck. Queequeg sits rigidly
dialog: 139
text: under the mast in the same spot, as if in a frozen
text: coma. A squall whips away the ashes before him.
text: Ishmael sleeps close by his friend, huddled in a
text: blanket. MUFFLED FOOTSTEPS stirs him awake. Not
text: moving, he watches a shadow streak across the deck.
text: A small dinghy drops overboard, SPLASHES down, its
text: tow line strung to the deck above.
text: A figure leans over the landward railing, feeding
text: out rope. Bulkington, his back turned to us. He
text: starts to climb over -- a hand clamps on his shoulder.
text: Starbuck behind him. Bulkington stiffens defensively.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Clutch my soul! Have ye
dialog: gone mad too, Bulkington?
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: I got a young bride waitin'
dialog: for me, sir. It's not my
dialog: fate to die with that man.
text: He nods toward the captain's cabin. Starbuck seems
text: to understand...then slowly reaches into a coat
dialog: pocket.
text: Bulkington tenses. The Bowie knife materializes
text: in his hand.
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: I always liked ye, Starbuck,
dialog: but don't try to stop me.
text: Starbuck stops, hand in his coat. A long, tense
text: beat between them. Then...he withdraws a letter.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: It's for my missus. If ye
dialog: make it to Nantucket, I'd be
dialog: grateful if ye'd pass it on.
text: Bulkington nods and takes the letter. A moment of
text: communion between two reasonable men. They look at
text: the silhouetted African vista against the dusky sky.
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON
dialog: Why don't ye give it to her
dialog: 140
dialog: yourself? There's room in
dialog: the boat.
text: Starbuck smiles and shakes his head. Bulkington
text: leaps over and starts to climb down the ship's side.
text: He takes his knife and cuts the tow line. Then
text: stabs it down into the bulwark top.
speaker_heading: BULKINGTON (cont'd)
dialog: You'll need that more than
dialog: me. May God go with ye, mate!
text: With that, he descends into his boat. Starbuck steps
text: up to the bulwark to watch him:
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HORN SEAS - BEFORE DAWN
text: Bulkington rows fast toward the rocky shore, the dinghy
text: a dark form on the choppy, treacherous waters.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - BEFORE DAWN
text: Starbuck gazes longingly after him. His eyes sweep along
text: the expanse of land beyond, then turns back on Bulkington:
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HORN SEAS - BEFORE DAWN
text: In the distance, the dinghy rides the crest of a steep wave
text: then dips down, propelled too quickly toward the shore rocks! The
text: boat smashes against the rocks -- its timbers shatter
text: out from a powerful, crashing wave! Bulkington is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - BEFORE DAWN
text: Starbuck looks on in abject horror. He shuts his eyes from
text: the doomed sight, slamming a fist against the bulwark top
text: with angry despair. He lowers his head in grief and opens
text: his eyes. His grim gaze falls on:
text: The big Bowie knife, protruding from the top.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HOPE SEAS - DAY
text: The Pequod approaches the blustery Cape of Good Hope, her
text: bow dipping in the swells.
text: The horizon before her is black with thunderheads. A storm
text: dead ahead.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DAY
dialog: 141
text: Chess pieces are scattered around Pip, who lies on the floor. He
text: plays a game of battle between the black king and the
text: white whale's tooth, crashing them against each other with animated
dialog: sounds.
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: Crish, crash, damn yer eyes!
dialog: Die, ye white fiend! Splash!
dialog: Beware the tail, splat! Ahh!
text: Ahab pores over his sea charts, exhausted for lack of sleep. The
text: overhead lamps swings, the cabin sways. Distracted by
text: Pip, Ahab half-smiles at the boy.
text: The door cracks open, and Starbuck peers in.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Sorry to disturb ye, sir.
text: Ahab goes back to his maps without reply, his usual severe manner.
text: Starbuck steps in and stands by the door, acting
text: polite to hide his contempt.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
text: The oil barrels are leaking,
dialog: sir. The cask wood's rotten.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: So? Tar them up.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: It would be more prudent to
text: ship into the next port and
dialog: replace the lot of ‘em.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Mister Starbuck, we'll not
dialog: stray from our course. Is
dialog: that understood?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: We're losin' our profit, sir.
dialog: Would ye wish to strip the
dialog: men of all hopes of cash?
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: (an ironic tone)
dialog: Cash...aye, a hard matter that.
dialog: Hard it is that to fire others,
dialog: 142
dialog: the match must be wasted.
dialog: (dismissing him)
text: Tar up the barrels.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: That won't be good enough- -
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Mind your words, Starbuck!
dialog: Those are my orders.
text: Hard looks between them. Seething under the surface,
text: Starbuck starts to speak again...
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: That is all!
text: Starbuck turns away, eying him with pity and hatred.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: The deck pitches and rolls on the brewing seas. Men
text: climb spider-like across the yards, trying to control
text: the wind-beaten sails. Stubb shouts up at them:
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Furl those t'gallant sails!
dialog: And close reef them topsails,
dialog: fore and aft!
text: Starbuck marches over to them, shouting over the wind.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: A word with you, Stubb! You
dialog: too, Flask!
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: What, now?!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Now!
text: The three hurry away. Under SHRIEKING wind, a SOUND
text: from below deck: the BANGING of the Carpenter's hammer.
text: At the foot of the main mast, Queequeg is still frozen
text: in the same position. Chanting prayers, oblivious to
text: the blasting wind and tossing deck.
text: Kneeling beside him, Ishmael prods a cup of steaming
dialog: 143
text: chowder at him.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: For Christ's sake, Queequeg,
dialog: ye got to eat! Come on now,
dialog: just a few sips, then ye can
dialog: go back to your prayers...
text: Queequeg keeps chanting at a steady rhythm, as if
text: Ishmael doesn't exist. Ishmael gives up in despair.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
dialog: My poor savage...my pagan
dialog: friend who'd gladly die for
dialog: me...don't ye understand?!
dialog: I don't want ye to die!
text: The Carpenter appears, hauling a coffin up on deck.
text: He loses his balance from the pitch of the ship,
text: falling under the coffin's heavy weight.
text: Ishmael hastens over to help him. Crewmen ignore
text: the struggling pair, turning superstitious faces away
text: to avoid looking at the coffin. Dragging it across
text: to the mast, the two slide it before Queequeg.
text: Suddenly aware of the coffin, Queequeg snaps back
text: to reality. He leans forward to examine it.
text: The Carpenter opens the lid and gives him a look.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Got to do a fittin'.
text: Queequeg nods, understanding. He takes his harpoon
text: and rises unsteadily on cramped legs. Then steps
text: into the coffin and lies down like a model corpse,
text: resting the harpoon on his chest.
text: Ishmael watches, deeply chagrined by it all.
text: The Carpenter nods, satisfied. Queequeg rises and
text: steps out. He squats back down against the mast
text: and continues chanting. Completely tuned out again.
scene_heading: INT. BARREL HOLD - DAY
text: The dark bowels of the ship. Oil barrels are piled
text: high against the hull. The three mates stand in an
dialog: 144
text: inch of leaking oil covering the floor, balancing
text: themselves to the ship's lilting sway.
text: Starbuck illuminates the sinister hold with a lamp,
text: Stubb and Flask staring at him.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: How d'ye mean, "usurpation"?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: A captain cannot use a ship
dialog: for ill-gotten gains, other
dialog: than for the purposes of her
dialog: owners. It's in the code
dialog: of merchant seamen.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: We're not merchantmen, we're
dialog: whalers.
text: Starbuck gestures down at the oil-flooded floor,
text: charged with angry energy.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Are ye that blind to what's
dialog: happenin' here? All that we
dialog: toiled for is bein' wasted --
dialog: and HE'LL not lift a finger
dialog: to save it! He doesn't CARE!
text: Disturbed by him, Stubb starts to lights his pipe
text: with a cinder. Flask leans forward urgently.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Careful there, Stubb! The
dialog: whole damn ship could go up.
text: Eying the oil leak, Stubb cautiously puts the pipe away.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: What're ye proposin', mate?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: We have the legal right to
dialog: refuse all further obedience.
dialog: We can even wrest command of
dialog: this ship.
text: Stubb trades disconcerting looks with Flask.
dialog: 145
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: That's dangerous talk...I
dialog: can't abide by it. If the
dialog: Capt'n says to tar up the
dialog: barrels, let's tar ‘em up.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Open your eyes, man! We're
dialog: not whalers any more, we're
dialog: just sheep followin' a
dialog: madman! Wanderin' from
dialog: all mortal reason!
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Aye, that might be true...
dialog: but Ahab's still capt'n. And
dialog: a fearless one at that!
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Aye, a mighty capt'n! The
dialog: king of the seas, the lord of
dialog: leviathans -- we can't go up
dialog: against that!
text: Starbuck turns away, frustrated, trying to collect
text: his wits to get through to them.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Listen to me well, mates:
dialog: a fearless man is far more
dialog: dangerous than a coward.
dialog: No storms nor whales can
dialog: match the terrors menacing
text: us from the brow of an angry
dialog: man! We MUST NOT let Ahab's
dialog: fatal pride drag this ship
dialog: down to doom with him!
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: But MUTINY, sir! That's an
dialog: idea born of an undigested
dialog: stomach. That's a killin'
dialog: ground you're standing on!
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Aye! I'll have no part of it!
text: He turns and climbs out of the hold. Starbuck looks
text: at Stubb with unyielding eyes. Stubb shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: 146
dialog: This is a sharkish business
dialog: we're in, Starbuck. Are ye
dialog: shark enough for THIS?
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: I can no longer stand by to
dialog: the willful murder of this
dialog: good crew. I cannot obey my
dialog: God by obeying HIM! Do ye
dialog: understand me, Stubb?
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: I do, mate. But I ain't a
dialog: religious man, nor a brave
dialog: one. Ye stand alone.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HOPE SEAS - DUSK
text: Dark thunderclouds blot out the sunset. The Pequod
text: drives on between mountainous waves that seem to
text: engulf it. Dead ahead...a black, roiling tempest.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DUSK
text: Powerful winds pound the deck. Stubb shouts at
text: sailors on the rigging.
speaker_heading: STUBB
text: Back the mainyard and break
dialog: out the mainhold! A sea
dialog: storm's comin' to greet us!
text: He stares at Starbuck, who paces the aft deck and
text: glances repeatedly at the Captain's cabin. Stubb
text: frowns, sensing his moral dilemma.
text: Ishmael pulls hard on a halyard, turning to glimpse
text: his friend: Queequeg still sits in the same place,
text: swaying to the ship's rise and fall. The coffin
text: slides around him.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DUSK
text: Pip sleeps on the floor amidst a flotsam of chess
text: pieces, curled up peacefully at Ahab's feet like a
text: napping pup.
text: Dozing in his armchair, Ahab resembles more a weary
text: old pensioner than a raging tyrant. The cabin sways
dialog: 147
text: around him, STORM WINDS HOWLING in b.g. Ahab opens
text: his tired eyes and peers down at Pip.
speaker_heading: AHAB
text: Poor, gentle, mad Pip...
text: He opens a locket and gazes at a miniature portrait
text: of his young wife and baby son in better times. His
text: warm gaze turns dark and bitter. He shuts away the
text: locket from sight and mind. Stormy again.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, were I the wind! I'd
dialog: blow no more on this wicked,
dialog: wolfish world! Where lies
dialog: that final harbor, where we
dialog: unmoor no more?...
text: He clutches his forehead, wracked by a strange agony.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: God, stave my brain -- how
dialog: he GORES me! Accursed whale,
dialog: begone from my head, or I'll
dialog: clear the world of thee!
dialog: (looks madly around)
dialog: If I could only sleep...but
dialog: Ahab never sleeps, he only
dialog: feel, feels, feels! Aye,
dialog: that's tingling enough for
dialog: mortal man!
text: He focuses on the twisted sheets of his bunk, tormented.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: My grave-dug berth, my tomb.
dialog: Ahab and anguish, together
dialog: in one hammock. Dear God...
dialog: I must sleep...
text: He rests back in the chair and dozes off again.
text: A long beat. A shadow creeps into the cabin. We follow
text: the padded footfalls of wet boots across the floor...up to
text: a pair of trousers...then the Bowie knife in Starbuck's
dialog: hand.
text: Starbuck looms over dozing Ahab in the armchair. The
text: swinging lamp casts surreal, dancing shadows. Slowly
text: raising the glistening blade, Starbuck inches toward
text: the Captain...then stops, staring down at Pip,
dialog: 148
text: sleeping docilely at his feet.
text: Starbuck lowers the knife. He can't do it. Ahab
text: stirs. Starbuck buries the knife away in his belt.
text: Ahab's groggy eyes blink open, focusing on the
text: figure before him.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: What...what is it?
text: A ferocious GALE RISES above deck, matching the
text: storm on Starbuck's face.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
text: A storm, Captain.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: A typhoon rages! Huge waves sledge-hammer the deck!
text: Men rush about the washed deck in the blasting winds
text: and torrential rain, lashing down everything in sight.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: At the helm Stubb struggles to keep the wheel steady,
text: fighting for balance, singing at the top of his lungs:
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Oh, jolly is the gale, and a
dialog: joker is the whale! Such a
text: sporty, jokey, hokey-pokey
dialog: lad is the ocean, oh!
text: Starbuck climbs up the quarterdeck steps toward him.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Avast, mate! Let the storm
dialog: do the singin'! Be a braver
dialog: man and hold your tongue!
text: Stubb laughs -- a gigantic wave washes over them! He
text: shakes the sea water from his eyes.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: I told ye I weren't a brave
dialog: man, Starbuck! I'm a coward,
dialog: if truth be known...and I'11
dialog: sing to keep up my spirits!
dialog: No way to stop me, sir, but
dialog: to cut my throat!
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Well, jump overboard and
dialog: sing away, if you must!
text: Ahab appears on deck, face illuminated by a blinding
text: flash of lightning. A deafening THUNDER CLAP!
text: Starbuck and Stubb regard him warily. Stubb grips the
text: wheel harder, trying to control it.
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Bad work, Mister Starbuck!
dialog: Bad work! The sea's havin'
dialog: its way! We can't fight it!
dialog: Nobody can! Not even HIM!
text: Starbuck helps him with the wheel, looking up: torn
text: sails flap violently, men nearly thrown off the rigging.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: We'll go no further in this
dialog: squall! We must turn round!
text: He struggles his way toward the Captain.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: Queequeg sits glued to the foot of the mast, chanting,
text: undaunted by the tempest. Sea water washes over him.
text: Ishmael staggers over, holding on for dear life.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Queequeg! Get below!
dialog: (tugging at him)
dialog: Come on, mate -- you'll be
dialog: washed overboard!
text: Queequeg will not budge. Another powerful wave slams
dialog: Ishmael against the mast!
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: Ahab clings to a rail, unbending in the wind, his eyes
text: fixed outward to the boiling sea. Starbuck hurries
text: desperately over.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: 150
dialog: Captain, sir! We could turn
dialog: this gail into a fair wind if
dialog: we TURN ABOUT -- let it drive
dialog: us toward home! Leeward,
dialog: sir, and homeward!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Don't lecture me, Starbuck,
dialog: I know these seas as I know
dialog: myself! Never think this
dialog: voyage over -- before Moby
dialog: Dick is in my grasp!
text: A wave crashes over them -- Starbuck collides against
text: the deckhouse! Ahab holds fast, rooted to the rail.
text: Starbuck grapples his way back toward him.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
text: IN THE NAME OF GOD, AHAB!
dialog: WE MUST TURN ABOUT!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: You heard my orders! WE
dialog: DRIVE ON!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (0.S.)
dialog: Starbuck!! Help us!!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: Ishmael clings to the mast, gripping Queequeg, trying
text: to keep him from washing away. Queequeg sits there,
text: making no move to save himself from the onslaught.
text: Starbuck rushes over and grabs a handhold by the mast.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Get 'im below!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: He won't move, sir!
text: Grabbing a rope, Starbuck hoists Queequeg up.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Let's raise 'im up...against
dialog: the mast!
dialog: 151
text: The two struggle to lift the limp giant to a standing
text: position, flat against the mast. Starbuck lashes him
text: to it, wrapping the rope around his chest and waist.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: Ahab stands rigid, defiant against the storm. A
text: vision catches his eye, far out to sea:
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HOPE SEAS - NIGHT
text: A large white form materializes over the crests of
text: giant waves. Indistinguishable, it could be a huge
dialog: whitecap...or it could be a white whale.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: Ahab glowers at it with murderous eyes. To him,
text: it is Moby Dick. He spins around toward the crew
text: below, pointing outward.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: He's THERE, men! He's riding
dialog: the storm with us!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: Holding on, the men turn seaward. They see nothing.
text: Starbuck shouts up from the mast:
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Captain -- leave that whale
dialog: to his ghostly wanderings!
dialog: We must save our ship!!
text: A lightning bolt strikes a life raft at the stern
text: with a violent CRACK -- the raft flies overboard
dialog: and falls burning into the sea!
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: Ahab turns back and fixes on the image at sea:
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HOPE SEAS - NIGHT
text: Visible now in the flashes of lightning, like a
text: blurry mirage, MOBY DICK plunges through swells and
text: whitecaps. Following the same course as the ship.
dialog: 152
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: Convinced of what he sees, Ahab gestures over the
text: heaving rail like a messiah.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Behold, shipmates! Believe
dialog: your own eyes -- he's THERE!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: The men stagger to reach the bulwark. All stare out
text: into the black maelstrom, straining their eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HOPE SEAS - NIGHT
text: Thousands of whitecaps over dark, raging waters. But
text: no sign of a whale.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: Ahab points and exhorts the men below, spurring them on.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: THERE! D'ye see him?! Look
dialog: at him! See his white brow,
dialog: his magnitude, his malignity!
dialog: Most monstrous, mountainous
dialog: sea mastodon, against whom we
dialog: will declare everlasting war!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: Flask, caught up in Ahab's delusion, points excitedly.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: There!! I see him, Capt'n!
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE HORN SEAS - NIGHT
text: Over whitecaps, the same blurry mirage -- MOBY DICK!
text: Swimming parallel to the ship, drawing closer.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: Stubb spots him too and nods enthusiastically, echoed
text: quickly by the rest of the crew.
dialog: 153
speaker_heading: STUBB/CREW
dialog: Aye! I see him too! There
dialog: he blows! Clear as day!
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: By flukes! Is he a ghost?!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Nay! He's as real as DEATH!
text: Behind them, Starbuck sees nothing. He edges beside
text: Ishmael who clings to the mast with dazed Queequeg.
text: Straining to see, Ishmael turns to Starbuck.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Where is he, sir?! I don't
dialog: see him!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Of course ye don't! The old
dialog: man's blastin' all reason
dialog: straight out of their heads!
text: Another tidal wave plows over them with piledriver
text: force -- Starbuck and Ishmael topple over each other!
text: Queequeg stands secure, like Ulysses bound to the mast,
text: chanting dazedly. Starbuck rises determinedly and
text: bounds up the quarterdeck steps.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: Starbuck takes the wheel from Stubb and turns it full
text: circle with all his might. The deck lurches to port.
text: Ahab wheels around in rage.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Avast! Away from there!!
text: He seizes the wheel from Starbuck, demented with fury.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Touch not that wheel, or I'll
dialog: strike ye into eternity! !
text: He wrenches Starbuck away and spins the wheel back -- the
text: ship careens to starboard with whiplash force!
text: Men are thrown across the middeck. Flattened against
text: the deckhouse, Starbuck shouts at Ahab.
dialog: 154
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: We must turn about or we'll
speaker_heading: PERISH!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Nay, I say! We'll DRIVE ON!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: WE'LL LOSE THIS SHIP!!
text: Undaunted and driven, Ahab helms the ship back into the
text: storm. Starbuck dashes back down to middeck.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: A titantic wave sweeps across the deck, submerging
text: everyone! A screaming deckhand washes overboard!
text: Ishmael clamps himself to the mast, holding Queequeg
text: close -- the two momentarily underwater. Drenched
text: crewmen cling to shrouds, battling for ground against
text: wind and sea. Their eyes stare up toward:
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: Ahab at the wheel, riding the storm, wind beating his
text: face, whipping back his hair, a man obsessed. Suddenly...
text: a phosphorescent glow reflects off his face.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: Struggling with a halyard, Starbuck and Ishmael glance
text: up at a bizarre phenomenon:
text: A green, ghoulish flash skips along the top rigging,
text: sparking out veins of electrical discharge!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: What is it?!...
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: St. Elmo's fire!...
text: The other men don't see it, their eyes glued on Ahab...
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: His body and the wheel all aglow in the otherworldly
dialog: 155
text: green light -- flashing veins sparking down the stern
text: mast onto the high deck! A ghostly, mystical sight.
text: Then, just as suddenly...
text: The storm abates, as if in the eye of a hurricane.
text: The deck keeps pitching, wind still HOWLING, rain
text: flying aft...but the assault of waves recedes.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - NIGHT
text: All the men stand frozen, staring up at glowing Ahab,
text: dominating the ship -- as if it is he who has quelled
text: the storm. Then they gape higher up, aghast:
text: The St. Elmo's fire spreads across the tops of the
text: masts, filtering down over sails and rigging! Its
text: green hue transforms -- into a blinding whiteness!
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: God have mercy on us all!!
text: The crew staggers back in fear. Dagoo reflexively
text: seizes his harpoon to protect himself. Tashtego falls
text: to his knees, praying for his life. Even Fedallah
text: and his Arabs fall back in terrified awe. Ahab
text: THUNK-CLOPS down to middeck with a triumphant air.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Aye! Aye, shipmates! Mark
dialog: it well! The white flame
text: but lights the way to the
text: WHITE WHALE!
text: He snatches the harpoon away from Dagoo and holds it
text: up into the static stratosphere just above his head...
text: A blinding flash! A ring of St. Elmo's fire engulfs
text: the harpoon head -- shining a white, sparkling beacon!
dialog: 
text: The men GASP in unison, trembling before him. Starbuck,
text: the lone disbeliever, gazes hard at Ahab's grand
text: performance. Ishmael gapes.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Jesus Christ in heaven! What
dialog: is he doing?!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Oh, he knows exactly what
dialog: he's doing!
dialog: 156
text: Ahab laughs defiantly, scans the awestruck faces of
text: his crew then stares deep into the crackling light.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Leap! Leap up and lick the
dialog: sky! I leap with you, burn
dialog: with you -- I command the
dialog: very HEAVENS!
text: A forked light deflects off the harpoon tip, casting a
text: laser beam off at a high angle. Ahab turns the harpoon, reflecting
text: the light down -- towards the main mast. The
text: magical beam burns down the length of the mast, hitting
text: the gold doubloon. The coin shines brilliantly, sparks flickering
dialog: out like white sun rays!
text: Controlled by Ahab's harpoon, the beam travels down onto Queequeg's
text: face. Ishmael and Starbuck recoil back. The
text: harpooner's eyes brighten, as if he sees an angel.
dialog: 
text: Starbuck can stand no more. He dashes over.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: No, Ahab! Don't do this!
dialog: Enough witchcraft, old man,
dialog: God will turn against you!
dialog: T'is an ill voyage, ill
dialog: begun and ill done! Stop
dialog: this blasphemy, Captain --
dialog: STOP IT NOW!!
text: He seizes his arm to stop him. Ahab hurls him away with
text: inhuman strength. He booms at the crew, his wide eyes translucent
text: with maniacal fervor.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: All your oaths, shipmates, are
dialog: AS BINDING AS MINE! Make no
dialog: mistake! Heart, body and soul,
dialog: lungs and life, Ahab is BOUND!
text: He lifts the glowing harpoon higher above his head --
text: its glow intensifies, lighting up his whole body!
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Cap'n!! Cap'n!!
text: Ishmael turns in shock. Queequeg struggles at the
text: ropes, suddenly and fully conscious, his lucid eyes
dialog: 157
text: focused on Ahab. Ishmael quickly unties him.
text: Queequeg staggers to Ahab, as if he's just seen God.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG (cont'd)
dialog: Queequeg sabee!...Queequeg see!
text: He falls to Ahab's feet, clutches them worshippingly.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG (cont'd)
dialog: Me Cap'n...me Cap'n...me GOD!
text: Stubb and Flask, their faces aglow in Ahab's white
text: light, kneel before him on the pitching, windy deck.
text: Dagoo drops to his knees beside Tashtego. Fedellah
text: and the Arabs genuflect, prostrate before the master.
text: Removed from it all, Ishmael puzzles over this mad
text: scene. He watches Starbuck: angry but stricken,
dialog: fighting all the temptations of the devil.
text: Ahab extends a fatherly hand to Starbuck, yearning
dialog: for his soul as well.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Ye see, Starbuck? My pulse
dialog: makes these very planks beat!
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Look, shipmates! Raise your
dialog: heads! Look here as I blow
dialog: out your last fear! ALL OF
dialog: IT! GONE!!
text: He blows on the flaming white beacon of his harpoon --
dialog: the light is extinguished!
text: Above, a blinding lightning flash! A deafening THUNDER
speaker_heading: CRACK!
text: Then darkness...as the winds rise and the storm returns
text: full fury. A primordial flooding from both sea and sky.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: ACT 6
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAWN
text: The storm has passed. Thin, layered clouds blend
text: with a dazzling, bright-colored sunrise. The Pequod
dialog: 158
text: sails toward the sun on calm seas, leaving the Cape
text: far behind.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - DECK/MASTS - DAWN
text: A deathly quiet reigns over the deck, like a ghost
text: ship. Broken spars and scattered rigging from the
text: storm lie about, unattended to. The ship seems at
text: first glance deserted, but there are seamen about...
text: Dough-Boy, aloft in the lookout. Dagoo and Tashtego
text: squat on the bow gunwale, harpoons in hand, eyes
text: fixed on the horizon with warrior-like intensity.
text: Stubb cons the ship on the wheeldeck, puffing his
text: pipe. Flask at the helm. Both gaze steadily
text: seaward with fanatical concentration.
text: Fedallah and his crew straddle yard arms, staring
text: uniformly out to sea. Zealous sentinels, watching
dialog: and waiting.
text: Not a sound from anyone. No talking, no laughter,
text: not even from Stubb. All are focused on whatever
text: is out there. All with one singular purpose.
scene_heading: INT. BARREL HOLD - DAWN
text: By flickering lamplight, a chaos of scattered casks
text: broken by the storm. Cracked barrels bleed oil...
text: six_inches over the flooded floor now.
text: Holding the lamp, Starbuck stares appalled at the
dialog: damage. A total loss.
scene_heading: INT. FORECASTLE - MORNING
text: The rest of the crew sleeps in exhaustion.
text: Queequeg and Ishmael sit at a mess table over
text: breakfast. His normal self, Queequeg shovels away
text: an immense pile of food on his plate, consuming it
text: with gusto. He's starving. Ishmael studies him
text: with ironic awe.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I just don't fathom ye. You
dialog: said you were goin' to die!
dialog: 159
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Only man go dead WANTS to
dialog: go dead. No bad magic kill
dialog: man NOT want to go dead!
dialog: Only big things...big fire,
dialog: big water, big whale dat don't
dialog: THINK! Only dat kill man not
dialog: want to go dead! Sabee?
text: Queequeg smiles charismatically and stuff his mouth.
text: Ishmael sighs, watching his feeding frenzy.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I think I'1l draft my will.
dialog: You can be my witness.
speaker_heading: QUEEQUEG
dialog: Aye! Queequeg much happy to!
text: Ishmael ponders to himself, clearly distressed.
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCK'S CABIN - DAWN
text: Starbuck sits hunched over the edge of his bunk
text: and leafs through his bible, brooding distractedly.
text: Ishmael appears in the doorway, looking troubled.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Don't mean to bother ye, sir.
text: Starbuck looks up, agitated. Then nods patiently.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: What is it, Ishmael?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I don't know, sir, I just...
dialog: I feel such dread. What's
dialog: gotten over this crew? They
dialog: all seem to have lost their
text: wits, like they cannot think.
text: Starbuck shuts the bible and runs his hand through
text: his hair, more troubled than Ishmael.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
text: They don't see his madness,
dialog: Ishmael...they can't. HE
dialog: won't give 'em a chance to
dialog: think! Only to feel. And
dialog: 160
dialog: they feel they must obey him.
dialog: (a resigned nod)
dialog: Oh, I'll obey him as well...
dialog: but I'll hate him for it!
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Perhaps I must obey him too.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Don't. Don't give in. At
dialog: least not in your heart!
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN - MORNING
text: Dressed and ready for battle, Ahab puts on his top hat.
text: He turns to leave -- Pip scurries over and wraps his
text: arms around his leg. Frightened, a strangled whisper:
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: Master, master...don't go!
text: Ahab turns, unusually patient and affectionate.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: No, lad. Ye mustn't follow
dialog: Ahab. Not now...not ever!
dialog: (losing patience)
dialog: Ye have the wrong effect on
dialog: me, son...like a cure toa
dialog: malady I must keep as my own.
dialog: Now do as I say and stay here.
dialog: I'll have them serve ye -- as
dialog: though you were Captain!
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: No, please! Use me as yer leg!
dialog: Lemme be a part of you!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Don't speak to me so, Pip...
dialog: don't! My purpose will keel
dialog: up in me, and I tell ye...
dialog: it CANNOT BE!
text: Pip cries out. Ahab is torn by his voice, angry now.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Weep and I'll murder ye, boy!
dialog: For Ahab too is mad!
text: Pip sobs uncontrollably, refusing to let go. Ahab
dialog: 161
text: relents and squats down to comfort him. The boy hugs
text: him tight, tears flowing. Ahab sighs, agonizing.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, you're true, aren't ye,
dialog: Pip! As the circumference to
dialog: its center...
text: He pulls back gently, gazing into his little face.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Listen to me. If ye stay here,
dialog: you'll hear my ivory foot on
dialog: the deck. Then you'll know
dialog: that I'm there.
text: Pip lets go and looks at him with sad, tearful eyes.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Ye stay put now and be my
dialog: commander. My Captain Pip!
text: Pip sniffles, nods and puffs his chest out proudly.
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: Aye, aye -- Capt'n Pip!
text: Moved by him, Ahab pats his head and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - MORNING
text: White seabirds soar over the ship, their HIGH-PITCHED
text: SQUAWKS unsettling the men on deck. Albatrosses.
text: Crewmen clear away broken spars and rigging, repair
text: sails and scrub the deck. No sound of voices, except...
speaker_heading: CARPENTER (0.S.)
dialog: I don't like it!
text: The Carpenter is tarring the inside of the coffin,
text: sealing the seams with pitch. Stubb stands over
text: him, listening to his irate grumblings.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER (cont'd)
dialog: I make a coffin for Queequeg
dialog: but now HE don't want it --
dialog: and now YOU want me to turn
dialog: it into a LIFE Buoy! It's...
dialog: 162
dialog: it's just plain undignified!
speaker_heading: STUBB
dialog: Well, there's nothin' else for
dialog: it. We lost the old one, we
dialog: need a new one. So stop yer
dialog: complainin' -- just rig it!
text: The Carpenter snorts peevishly. Nearby, the Cook turns
text: with a mock command.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Hammer it good, ye old scamp!
dialog: We don't want a leaky coffin!
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: (scowling back)
dialog: I'll hammer yer lips together
dialog: if ye don't shut up!
text: Stubb laughs at the two of them, his old self again.
speaker_heading: STUBB (cont'd)
dialog: Just make a good job of it!
dialog: If the ship sinks, there'll
dialog: be thirty lively men fightin'
dialog: for one coffin -- and that's a
dialog: sight I don't want to miss!
text: The deckhands around them LAUGH, the mood on deck
dialog: brightening, until...
text: Familiar PEG LEG FOOTSTEPS cause a sudden hush. A
text: charged air of anticipation, as everyone glues their
dialog: eyes on...
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - MORNING
text: Ahab emerges into the light, carrying a quadrant.
text: He squints into the sun and scans the men below.
text: Noticing the Carpenter working on the coffin, he
text: hobbles to the bannister and leans down.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: What is this, old man?
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: A life buoy, Capt'n. Mister
dialog: Ahab glares
dialog: him with an
dialog: 163
text: Stubb's orders.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: You're the legmaker, are ye
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Yessir, so I am.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Are ye also the undertaker?
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Aye, sir! 'Twas a coffin
dialog: before, sir, but now they got
dialog: me turnin' it into a buoy!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: A BUOY?! Ye might be a jack
dialog: of all trades, shipmate, but
dialog: you're as unprincipled as
dialog: the gods!
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: I do what I do, sir!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Look at ye, you old gray-
dialog: headed woodpecker -- turnin'
text: the dreaded symbol of grim
dialog: death into an instrument
dialog: of help and hope! Hah!
dialog: A life buoy of a coffin!
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Faith, sir...
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Faith?...what faith?
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: Why, faith...just sort of an
dialog: exclamation like, sir.
text: over the remodeled coffin, dismissing
text: irritable wave.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Get that thing below where
dialog: 164
dialog: it belongs! Let me not see
dialog: it again!
text: He hobbles to the center of the quarterdeck and
text: raises the quadrant, pointing it toward the sun.
text: Starbuck watches him evenly.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - MORNING
text: The rest of the crew observe Ahab in silence, their
text: faces a mix of reverence and dread. Fedallah alights
text: down from his mast watch and squats low, studying
text: Ahab with sinister intensity.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARTERDECK - MORNING
text: Ahab takes measurements with the quadrant. He stops
text: and frowns up at the burning sun, speaking to it:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Oh, high and mighty pilot...
dialog: ye can tell me where I am,
dialog: but can ye tell me where I
dialog: shall be...where HE is at
dialog: this very moment?
text: Pip steps anxiously from the cabin, decked out in
text: Ahab's oversized robe. A long-absent sight to the
text: crew. Their eyes follow him with strange curiosity.
text: Pip bolts across the deck and crouches at Ahab's
text: feet, fearful of the men, the ship, the sea all
text: around. He stays close to Ahab for protection.
text: Ignoring the boy, Ahab lowers his gaze and scans
text: the vast expanse.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Where is Moby Dick?!
dialog: (up at the sun)
dialog: Ye can see him, can't ye?!
text: My eyes look at the very eye
dialog: that even now beholds HIM!
text: Ahab glares down at the quadrant in his hand. A
text: growing disgust spreads across his face...
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Foolish toy! A baby's play
dialog: thing for commodores! What
dialog: can ye do but tell me the
dialog: 165
dialog: poor, pitiful point where YOU
dialog: happen to be now, but not one
dialog: jot more than that! Ye can't
dialog: tell me where one drop of
dialog: water will be tomorrow -- or
dialog: where be that WHITE WHALE!
text: Pip recoils from Ahab's feet, sliding away from him.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: You're IMPOTENT -- and with
dialog: your impotence you insult
dialog: the very SUN!
text: He suddenly raises the quadrant and SMASHES it down
text: on the deck, shattering it into useless pieces!
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Curse you, ye vain, paltry
dialog: thing! Thus I spit on ye!
dialog: I'll no longer guide my
dialog: earthly way by ye!
text: He crushes the broken pieces under his peg leg with
text: fury, then THUNK-CLOPS away.
text: Pip kneels over the quadrant pieces, studying them
text: for meaning like a gypsy reading tea leaves.
text: From all around, dumb reactions. Then the men go
text: about their business, as if nothing had happened.
text: Narrowing his eyes on Ahab, Starbuck rests a hand
text: over the buckhorn handle of the Bowie knife in his
text: belt. Touching it to muster false courage.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - MORNING
text: Swabbing the deck with Ishmael, Queequeg smokes his
text: tomahawk pipe. He offers it to Ishmael, who takes a
text: deep pull and hands it back. Smiles between them.
text: A distant, eerie SOUND distracts them: unearthly
text: WAILS and MOANS from out at sea, like the human
text: cries of lost souls. Ishmael squints seaward.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: What could it be, Queequeg?
dialog: Whales?
dialog: 166
text: Queequeg shakes his head, just as puzzled as he.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (cont'd)
text: Sounds like the voices of
dialog: drowned men.
text: Others on deck hear it too, all eyes focusing out.
text: Looks of nervous forboding.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: The Pequod slashes through rolling swells, flying
text: all sails and heading true before the wind.
text: She passes an islet of sea-washed rocks. ..populated
text: by a colony of seals. Sunning on the rocks, they
text: WAIL that eerie, human-like CRY. As the Pequod
text: sails by, the seals flee into the water.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - MIDDECK - DAY
text: Crewmen watch the seals from the side, chuckling
dialog: among themselves.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
text: A distance apart on the port bow, Starbuck and
text: the Captain view the seals. Ahab turns to give
text: Starbuck a half-smile. Starbuck doesn't smile
text: back, turning his eyes to the horizon.
text: Ahab sidles over beside him, both looking out.
text: He breathes deep, sucking in the sea air.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: T'is a mild, mild wind, is
dialog: it not, Mister Starbuck?
dialog: And a mild-lookin' sky!
text: He turns away to scan the blue heavens. Hard,
text: nervous eyes fixed on his back, Starbuck slowly
text: reaches for the Bowie knife in his belt.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: On such a mild day as this,
dialog: I struck my first whale...
dialog: 167
text: The knife inches out of Starbuck's belt, exposing
text: its long, sharp blade. Ahab's back is still turned.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: A boy harpooner of eighteen!
dialog: Forty years ago! Forty years
dialog: of whalin', of privation and
dialog: peril and storms! Aye...and
dialog: in all those years I have not
dialog: spent more than three ashore!
text: The knife is almost out. Fighting his conscience,
dialog: Starbuck wills himself to do it...
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Forty years of desolation
dialog: and solitude...whole oceans
dialog: away from that young wife I
dialog: wedded and gave a son.
text: The knife freezes in Starbuck's grasp, as he listens.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Did I say WIFE? Rather a
text: WIDOW with her own husband
dialog: alive, poor girl! Her and
dialog: that sad, neglected spit of
dialog: a boy...my dear, sweet child.
text: Starbuck eases the knife back into his belt, too
text: swayed by decency and compassion. Ahab turns to him.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Aye, Starbuck, I widowed 'em
dialog: both! With all the madness,
text: frenzy, boilin' blood and
dialog: smokin' brow that for a
dialog: thousand lowerings I have
dialog: chased my prey...more a
dialog: demon than a man!
text: Starbuck studies Ahab's face, trying to understand him
text: more than hate him. Ahab's brow tightens.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: How richer or better am I
dialog: now for all that effort?
dialog: (his head reels)
dialog: I feel deadly faint...oh
dialog: 168
dialog: GOD, heal my cracked heart!
dialog: I feel so old...
text: He leans against Starbuck for support, drawing close
text: to him. Starbuck braces him steady.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Come close to me, Starbuck...
dialog: let me look into a human eye.
dialog: It's better than to gaze into
dialog: sea or sky...or God Himself...
text: Their eyes lock. Ahab's gazes deeply into Starbuck's.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: I see my wife and my son in
dialog: those eyes, Starbuck. I see
dialog: home in them...faraway home!
text: Genuinely moved by him, Starbuck holds him close.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: My Captain! In these eyes
dialog: are MY wife, MY children --
dialog: and I fear I'll never see
dialog: them again!
text: He tightens his grip on him, begging earnestly:
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Let's sail away from these
dialog: wretched waters! Leave right
dialog: now, sir! Let me alter the
dialog: course -- head us back to
dialog: old Nantucket again!
text: Ahab pulls away, dark and stormy again. Frustrated
text: beyond reason, Starbuck prays to the sky with clenched
dialog: fists.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Great God in heaven -- SHOW
dialog: yourself to this man!
text: Impulsively, he yanks out the knife from his belt.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Or give ME the strength to do
dialog: your bidding!
text: He turns toward Ahab, his teeth clenched, the blade
dialog: 169
dialog: pointed to strike.
text: Ahab looks at the knife and regards him deeply, torn
text: with new conflicting emotions. He stares grimly to sea,
text: as if suddenly realizing his folly.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: What have I done? What cruel
dialog: master commands me?!
text: Starbuck stares at him, frozen in step, the knife poised.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: What IS this unearthly thing,
dialog: pushing me to do what in my own
dialog: heart I would not dare?!
text: A look of dark revelation, his eyes fixed on the far
text: horizon, gazing inward. Almost a whisper:
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Is Ahab...no longer Ahab?
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: Dead ahead of the Pequod, bubbles rise on the sea's
text: surface...from deep below. They increase, until
text: water erupts with the release of air from some
dialog: great spout!
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
text: The tense tableau between Ahab and Starbuck is suddenly
text: broken by a bellowing cry above:
speaker_heading: DOUGH-BOY (0.S.)
dialog: THAR SHE BLOWS! !
scene_heading: EXT. TOP MAST - DAY
text: High on lookout, Dough-Boy shakes with violent glee.
speaker_heading: DOUGH-BOY (cont'd)
dialog: She blows! She blows! Dead
dialog: to the bow, Capt'n! It's
dialog: HIM -- the WHITE WHALE!
dialog: 170
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Men tumble madly against the bulwarks and leap onto
text: gunwales, gaping out.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW DECK - DAY
text: Ahab and Starbuck stare dead ahead over the bow,
text: their eyes wide. Starbuck's knife lowers in his hand.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: A half-mile out, MOBY DICK breaches directly in the
text: Pequod's path -- his whole, gigantic body leaps high
text: out of the water! SPLASHING DOWN with the might of
text: a seaquake! Waves shoot up!
text: A tremendous blast of spout water explodes, filling
text: the air! Mist fills our view.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: ACT 7
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: MOBY DICK's massive shape plows through the swells
text: in f.g., parallel to the dwarfed Pequod a hundred
text: yards away in b.g. A half-dozen broken harpoons
text: stick out of his white, mottled hump. A jet of
text: liquid air gushes from his great spout.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - DAY
text: Whalers' faces gape seaward. Starbuck, Stubb,
text: Flask, Ishmael, Queequeg, Tashtego, Dagoo, Fedallah.
dialog: With anticipation or dread, this is the moment
dialog: they've all been waiting for.
text: Ahab stands rigid, focused and still -- until
text: murderous rage explodes full force from his face.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: LOWER THE BOATS!
text: A frenzy of activity! Crewmen rush to the divets
text: to man the lowering chains.
dialog: 171
text: Starbuck stands there a beat, powerless, his weapon
text: impotent in his hand. He puts it away and shouts up:
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: In stunsails! Down the
dialog: topgallants!
text: Chaos on deck! Shouts and whistles, the BANGING
text: of wood blocks, RINGING of chainlinks, BEATING of
text: boots running over the plankings.
text: Fedallah stops by the gold coin on the mast, SLAPS
text: it greedily with a fist, dashes on. Others follow
text: suit, slapping the coin as they run by.
text: Queequeg, Tash and Dago snatch up their harpoons
text: in quick order.
text: Whalers pile into the swinging boats like pirates
text: on the attack -- some leaping from the deck. They
text: man the oars and rope lines.
text: Ahab storms out his cabin door, his two polished
text: harpoons in each hand. Pip runs frantically behind
text: him, trips on the oversized length of his robe.
text: He screams hysterically after Ahab:
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: Master, master...come back!
dialog: The sharks! The sharks!
text: Impervious to him, Ahab shouts to the Blacksmith:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Light up those try-works,
dialog: blacksmith! We'll have tons
dialog: of blubber to burn tonight!
text: The Blacksmith turns to fuel the huge furnaces.
text: Over the side, whaleboats drop -- SLAPPING DOWN
text: on the water in quick succession. Fedallah's boat
text: is the first to set off, rowing with amazing speed.
text: Ahab climbs over and reacts to Fedallah's flight.
text: He waves his harpoons after him, out of his mind
dialog: with rage.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: 172
dialog: Fedallah!! Come back, ye
dialog: heathenish traitor! Damn
dialog: your soul!
dialog: (shouts down)
dialog: Starbuck! Hold fast there!
text: He climbs down a rope by the strength of one arm
text: and lands into Starbuck's boat. Starbuck doesn't
text: have time to react. Ahab plows forward to the bow
text: on a nimble peg leg, pushing Queequeg aside.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Row, ye blisterin' fools!
dialog: Pull with all your hearts!
text: Ishmael and the oarsmen row energetically, the
text: boat streaking out with Stubb's and Flask's boats.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: Viewed from high above, the four tiny boats
text: converge on the whale like ants to a mole hill.
text: Fedallah's boat far in the lead.
text: White, SHRIEKING seabirds materialize in the sky,
text: circling chaotically around boats and whale.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DAY
text: A mad race to get there first. Rowers work with
text: mindless concentration, muscle and rhythm in sync,
text: racing full speed ahead of Stubb's and Flask's boats.
text: Ahab exhorts them from the bow, leaning fiercely
text: forward, looking like Moses on a Red Sea.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Pull, pull, ye murderous
dialog: rogues, dash on! BEACH me
dialog: on his white back! Do
dialog: that for me!
scene_heading: EXT. FEDALLAH'S BOAT - DAY
text: Silent, powerful strokes. Fedallah at the prow,
text: harpoon ready. Dead ahead...MOBY DICK, swimming at
text: a free, unhurried pace. A magnificent sight.
dialog: 173
text: The rowers turn oars to flank him, drawing closer.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: The white leviathan looms tall, as Fedallah's
text: small boat streaks alongside his fins. MOBY DICK's
text: enormous tail SMACKS the water as if in challenge,
dialog: tossing up waves!
scene_heading: EXT. FEDALLAH'S BOAT - DAY
text: The boat rocks on the waves. Steady and swift
text: on the prow, Fedallah launches his harpoon with
text: superhuman strength -- into the massive white
dialog: midsection!
text: A VOLCANIC REACTION! Giant flukes beat the water,
text: a chaos of waves and foam! The spout exhales
text: angrily, as MOBY DICK charges away full speed!
text: The harpoon line goes taut -- the boat lurches
text: forward! Fedallah grips the line with a spirited
text: cackle, Arabs hanging on for a rollercoaster ride.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: Towing Fedallah's boat, MOBY DICK lifts his huge
text: tail and sounds, seawater cascading from majestic
text: flukes like a waterfall. Down he goes!
scene_heading: EXT. FEDALLAH'S BOAT - DAY
text: The harpoon line suddenly goes slack. Reacting
text: curiously, Fedallah searches the waters. No
text: sign of his prey.
text: A tense, shuddery beat. In b.g., the other three
text: boats close in around him.
text: Fedallah glances up at the rapacious flights of
text: SHRIEKING birds above him. Then looks forward...
dialog: with sudden horror!
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
dialog: 174
text: From his viewpoint, MOBY DICK breaches with a surge
text: of colossal energy -- charging forward, directly
text: toward us, his monstrous head splitting the water!
text: A terrifying image! His giant, crooked jaws open
dialog: to reveal huge, jagged teeth!
scene_heading: EXT. FEDALLAH'S BOAT - DAY
text: Fedallah, paralyzed with awe. His Arabs leap up
text: in terror and scramble for the sides...
text: Bearing down relentlessly, MOBY DICK's immense
text: head lurches up with gaping jaws -- takes the
text: whole boat into his mouth and SNAPS Fedallah and
dialog: the boat _in two with crushing force!
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: With pieces of wrecked boat and human bodies still
text: in his jaws, MOBY DICK dives back into the deep!
text: Stillness over the sea. Only the SCREAMS of birds.
scene_heading: EXT. STUBB'S/FLASK'S BOATS - DAY
text: Their boats rocking in the wake of destruction,
text: Stubb and Flask stare awestruck, speechless. The
text: men look on in wondrous fear.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DAY
text: Starbuck is dumbstruck, like the rest. Ishmael
text: shuts his eyes, foreseeing his doom. Queequeg
text: gazes stoically, accepting his.
text: Stunned for a beat, Ahab mutters a seaward growl:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Gone! So ye've gone before
dialog: me, Fedallah -- but no ROPE
dialog: can smite me now! I'1l slay
dialog: that demon yet!
text: As if in reply, a DEEP RUMBLE of bubbles rises in
text: the water before them. MOBY DICK breaches mightily
text: with a powerful geyser -- only twenty yards away!
dialog: 175
text: He glides past, his spray raining over the boat.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: God in heaven!!
text: He and the others recoil in humbled terror. Ahab
text: leans forward and shouts with demonic triumph:
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Breach your last to the sun,
dialog: Moby Dick! Your hour...
dialog: (brandishes harpoons)
dialog: and THESE are at hand!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: Captain, it's not too late to
dialog: stop this madness! Let's
dialog: turn back--
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: BE SILENT!
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: I cannot! I'm under orders to
dialog: obey you, not to DIE for ye!
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: But I AM under orders! I'm
dialog: the Fates' lieutenant! Pull
dialog: on, men, burst in upon him!
text: PULL! PULL!
text: Queequeg pulls hard, Ishmael and the frightened oarsmen
text: pulling to his beat.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: The chase is on again, building momentum. Starbuck's
text: boat closes in on the mountainous whale, Stubb's and
text: Flask's boats right behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DAY
text: The boat pulls close alongside, within twenty feet
text: of MOBY DICK.
speaker_heading: AHAB
dialog: Steady, men, steady...
text: Hanging over the prow, his harpoon ready, Ahab is
dialog: 176
text: close enough to strike. He sees the small eye in
text: MOBY DICK's titanic head and glowers fiercely at it.
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: Accursed fish! May black
dialog: vomit wrench thee...
text: He raises the harpoon to strike, a mighty roar:
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: From hell's heart I STAB at
dialog: thee!
text: A powerful thrust -- the harpoon strikes the side
text: of the head, joining other ancient spears! MOBY DICK
text: turns, barely flinching, his dark eye facing Ahab.
text: Ahab raises and aims his second harpoon...
speaker_heading: AHAB (cont'd)
dialog: For hate's sake I spit my
dialog: last BREATH at thee!!
text: Another thrust! The harpoon hits directly above
text: the eye! MOBY DICK lunges forward, dragging the
text: boat full throttle! Men tumble over each other.
text: Ahab holds onto the tight harpoon lines, refusing
text: to let go -- he's wrenched overboard!
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: Dragged hard through the water, pelted by waves
text: but holding on, Ahab pulls himself along the lines
dialog: toward the speeding leviathan!
scene_heading: EXT. WHALE BODY - DAY
text: With a ghastly grin, Ahab hoists himself up onto
text: the white mountainside and climbs up higher, using
text: stuck harpoons as rungs...toward the whale's hump!
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DAY
text: As the boat plows behind him, the rowers watch in
text: open-jawed amazement. Starbuck stares, inspired
text: by the heroic, horrific scene before him.
scene_heading: EXT. WHALE BODY - DAY
text: Ahab rides the whale, clinging on, his foot and
text: peg leg supported by impaled harpoons! In the
dialog: 177
text: rushing chaos, their lines flail around Ahab's
text: legs and begin to entangle themselves around his
text: thighs, up to his waist...
text: Ahab yanks out an ancient lance -- stabs its sharp
text: point downward into MOBY DICK, again and again,
text: laughing and shouting with hateful exhilaration!
dialog: 
text: MOBY DICK submerges -- taking Ahab down with him!
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DAY
text: Starbuck leaps forward to the bow and leans out,
text: screaming in despair...
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: My Captain! !
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: From Starbuck's viewpoint: MOBY DICK resurfaces,
text: still dragging the boat.
text: Fastened to the whale, dead Ahab sprawls upright
text: across his hump with a ravaged face -- wrapped up
text: in coils and coils of harpoon rope! His glazed
text: eyes wide open in fossilized fury, staring
dialog: directly at us!
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DAY
text: Starbuck's direful face fixes on Ahab.
speaker_heading: STARBUCK
dialog: My Captain...my Captain...
text: He suddenly turns with a savage heart, transformed,
text: exhorting the others with Ahab's own mighty rage:
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Come on, men! Let's not
dialog: let him die in vain! Let's
dialog: gash that whale's heart --
dialog: let's SPILL HIS GORE!!
text: Seizing hold of the taut line, he pulls furiously
text: to drag the boat closer to their prey. Shouts back:
dialog: 178
speaker_heading: STARBUCK (cont'd)
dialog: Damn yer eyes, pull! PULL!
text: Queequeg grips a line and pulls with him. Caught
text: up in Starbuck's fever, the others take the lines.
text: Only Ishmael hangs back, too petrified to move.
scene_heading: EXT. STUBB'S BOAT - DAY
text: Witnessing the scene, Stubb angrily tosses his
text: pipe into the sea and seizes Tashtego's harpoon,
text: brave as fearless fire, shouting at his oarsmen:
speaker_heading: STUBB
text: Thunder away at him, lads,
dialog: PULL! I'll strike at 'im
dialog: myself and send him to a
dialog: FIERY HELL!
scene_heading: EXT. FLASK'S BOAT - DAY
text: Flask echoes Stubb, inflamed with passion.
speaker_heading: FLASK
dialog: Pull, dammit, pull! DEATH
dialog: to Moby Dick!!
text: Dagoo leaps onto the prow with raised harpoon and
text: a BOOMING WAR CRY.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: Stubb's and Flask's boats advance rapidly toward
text: MOBY DICK -- the giant whale heading their way,
text: dragging Starbuck's boat behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DAY
text: Starbuck and his men pull fiercely on the lines,
text: battling the racing tide, drawing closer and
text: closer to the whale's stern...twenty feet away!
text: Queequeg leaps to the bow. Fighting for balance,
text: he raises and aims his harpoon...
dialog: 179
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: MOBY DICK suddenly accelerates, dragging the boat
text: faster! Then raises his mammoth head high -- and
dialog: dives straight down!
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCK'S BOAT - DAY
text: The boat lurches up over a wave -- Queequeg tumbles
text: off the bow with his harpoon, Ishmael spills out
text: the stern! Airborn for a split second, the boat
text: plunges downward!
text: Starbuck SCREAMS before a wall of water rushing up
text: at him -- the last image he sees!
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: Starbuck's boat plummets down into the deep with a
text: violent SPLASH -- disappears! It's over in seconds.
scene_heading: EXT. STUBB'S BOAT - DAY
text: Stubb hasn't time to react, as he looks down over
dialog: the bow:
text: Underwater, a massive white head breaches up toward
dialog: us from the depths with terrifying swiftness!
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: MOBY DICK shoots straight up out of the water like
text: an explosion -- lifting Stubb's boat high, rupturing
text: it! The boat splinters into pieces, scattering wood
dialog: and men far and wide!
text: Plunging back down with a huge SPLASH, the whale
text: wields its great tail over Flask's boat...
scene_heading: EXT. FLASK'S BOAT - DAY
text: Raised up, giant flukes CRASH DOWN atop the men's
text: heads with sledgehammer power -- crushing them,
text: their SCREAMS cut short! The tail smashes the
dialog: boat to smithereens!
dialog: 180
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: Nothing is left of Stubb, Flask, their men or
text: their boats but flotsam and floating bodies.
text: MOBY DICK turns away from the carnage and plows
text: his ominous way toward the ship itself.
text: Ishmael flounders in the choppy waters, trying to
text: keep his head afloat. He sees someone and swims
text: desperately toward him...
text: Queequeg drifts, clinging weakly to a floating oar.
text: The end of his harpoon juts oddly from the water.
text: Ishmael holds onto the oar, gasping, spitting water.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Queequeg! Hang on, mate!
dialog: You'll be all right!...
text: Then he sees the blood in the water: Queequeg's
text: harpoon has impaled one side of his waist from
text: the fall. Queequeg focuses weakly on his friend's
text: face...a glimmer of a smile. Then he lets go and
dialog: sinks.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Queequeg!!
text: Desperate to save him, Ishmael dives...
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - DAY
text: Queequeg sinks fast, surrendering to the depths.
text: Ishmael grips his arm to pull him up, Queequeg's
text: great weight pulling him down. Queequeg yanks
text: Ishmael's hand free, forcing him to save himself.
text: He disappears into the deep.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: Ishmael surfaces, sucking in air. He clutches
text: the puny oar. And CRIES OUT in spiritual agony!
text: Far across the waters, MOBY DICK charges toward
text: the Pequod with renewed fury...then submerges.
speaker_heading: 181
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - MIDDECK - DAY
text: Among the stunned shipboard crewmen, the Cook
text: looks out over the faraway wreckage but sees no
text: sign of the whale. He turns to the main mast.
text: The Spanish gold coin is still there, nailed to
text: the mast. Eying it greedily, the Cook glances
text: around...then takes a kitchen knife and works at
text: the coin to pry it loose.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: From an aerial view: the drifting Pequod. A
text: half league out...an immense, white underwater
text: mass forges steadily toward the ship.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: At the mast, the Cook unloosens the gold coin.
text: He senses someone behind him and turns to see...
text: The grinning Carpenter's face -- WHACK! His
text: hammer knocks the Cook out cold. A gleeful grin.
speaker_heading: CARPENTER
dialog: THAT'LL shut you up!
text: Taking his place, the Carpenter easily pries
text: off the coin and holds it up with a thieving
text: smile. He gazes at its golden glow, as...
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: MOBY DICK's white head surfaces and barrels
text: through the water with a great thrust of his
text: tail! Swimming faster and faster toward the
text: ship, an engine of destruction...
text: The whale COLLIDES head on into the Pequod with
dialog: the impact of a cannonball!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: Quick devastation across the deck! The Carpenter
text: topples back against the mast. Rigging falls
text: around him, killing deckhands!
dialog: 182
scene_heading: INT. LOWER HOLD - DAY
text: Tons of seawater pour through the splintered hull!
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DAY
text: Terrified Pip dashes through the cabin and leaps
text: into Ahab's chest of peg legs. He shuts the lid
text: over himself to hide.
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - DAY
text: MOBY DICK'S giant tail sweeps across the deck,
text: his flukes toppling the pots on the lit furnaces!
text: Spilled whale oil ignites -- flames spread over
text: the planking, setting the deck on fire!
text: Burning oil pours down an open bow hatch into
dialog: the barrel hold...
scene_heading: INT. BARREL HOLD - DAY
text: Flames light up the oil-flooded floor, licking
text: all around the oil casks...KABLOOM!
scene_heading: EXT. PEQUOD (AT SEA) - DAY
text: An explosive fireball consumes the entire bow!
text: The middeck tilts askew. Fires sweep aft and rage
dialog: through the whole ship!
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: Ishmael thrashes in the water, clinging helplessly
text: to the oar. In b.g., the distant Pequod burns and
text: sinks, flames and smoke roiling skyward.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDECK - DAY
text: The ship goes down. Through the flames of the
text: low-tilting deck, the dead Carpenter hangs from
text: toppled rigging, flat against the mast...his arms
text: spread out like a crucifixion. In his open hand,
dialog: 183
dialog: the Spanish gold coin.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: Ishmael struggles in the water, the lone survivor.
text: In b.g., the Pequod's burning bow sinks from sight.
text: Ishmael looks toward the horizon...but the ship is
text: gone. Nothing but black smoke and a empty sea.
text: Ishmael can't hold on much longer. His grip on
dialog: the oar weakens...
text: Out of the floating wreckage, Queequeg's coffin
text: pops up into view. Ishmael swims toward it and
dialog: hangs on for blessed life.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - DAY
text: The blue wilderness of the deep. A pale corpse
text: sinks down into our view...Ahab, coiled in ropes,
text: dislodged harpoons floating around him. His dead
text: eyes open in cold, frozen rage...as he descends to
text: his watery grave.
dialog: 
text: In b.g., the great white whale streaks by.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - SUNSET
text: A fiery sunset. Alone amidst an endless seascape,
text: Ishmael lies in the floating coffin. Exhausted
text: and parched, but alive.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.0.)
dialog: Saved by my friend's coffin,
text: I drifted on a soft, calm sea
dialog: for two days and a night...
text: On the dimming horizon, the faraway sails of a ship
text: drift into view.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.0.)
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: On the evening of the second
dialog: day, a whaling ship found me
dialog: at last. It was the Rachel,
text: still searching for her lost
dialog: son. Instead, she found
dialog: another orphan.
dialog: 184
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN OCEAN - DAY
text: The unbounded sea. A thousand leagues of blue.
text: On the calm, peaceful waters, a swell of bubbles...
text: MOBY DICK breaches -- leaping skyward out of the
text: sea in a triumphant arc! The majestic white whale
text: dives back down, his great flukes our last image.
text: Then he's gone.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
