speaker_heading: ECOND DRAFT
dialog: :
dialog: 0
speaker_heading: 7730/2002
dialog: Ba
dialog: monster
dialog: By
dialog: patty Jenkins
dialog: sed on the true story
dialog: of Aileen Wuornos-
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.)
dialog: I always wanted to be in the movies.
text: RAINDROPS ripple the blackness. We’re staring at a puddle. A
text: faded, wrinkled photograph of a cute, blonde 7 year old girl
text: flutters into the water.
text: AILEEN ‘LEE’ WUORNOS’s adult voice is light and whimsical.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: When I was little I thought for sure that
dialog: -one day I was gonna be a big, big star.
text: The PHOTOGRAPH comes to life.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Young AILEEN plays dress up in her mother’s clothing. She
text: preens into camera like a star.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.)
dialog: I used to imagine there was a camera
dialog: following me around that could see what
dialog: nobody else could. And I just knew, one
dialog: day I'd be famous.
text: She pretends to smoke and laughs gaily as if chatting with
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A child's hand gripping a dingy BARBIE DOLL. It dances across
text: the top of a cardboard box. The Barbie turns as a nutcracker
text: is lifted to the stage.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: Or at least rich. Rich and beautiful like
text: the glamorous women on the television.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - LATE 60'S - DAY
text: An old fashioned garage, empty except for Aileen. She lays in
text: front of the box on an oil stained floor.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.)
dialog: I'd have a good looking husband and great
text: big family and a house on the beach.
text: The two dolls are held together in a kiss. They turn and walk
text: off of the box side by side.
text: Getting up, Aileen runs her dolls around the floor as if they
text: were driving, then lifts them up into flight.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ‘ 2.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: They coast toward the garage door window and part. The dolls
text: drift to her side. She continues to stare out.
text: CU on Aileen lost in daydream. She has a dark BLACK EYE.
text: Lacerations peer out from the collar of her dress. She grins
text: with innocent pleasure.
speaker_heading: : AILEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I had a lot of different dreams. About
dialog: what I'd be like. How I'd live. Who I'd
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is bare. Aileen lays in bed. She holds her covers
dialog: tight.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) .
dialog: As I got older I learned to stop sharing
dialog: this with people but still whenever I-was
dialog: down I would just escape into my mind...
text: She is frightened. Her eyes dart nervously then CLENCH SHUT
text: with DREAD.
speaker_heading: . AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...to my other life, where I was someone
dialog: else.
text: The bedroom door slowly opens.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET CORNER - 1970 - DAY
text: TEENAGE AILEEN, dirty and unstylishly dressed, approaches a
text: group of teenage girls huddled together waiting for the bus.
text: They glare and erupt into SOUNDLESS peels of laughter.
text: Aileen's smile turns to a hardened scowl.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: All these people just didn't know yet who
dialog: I was gonna be. But one day they would.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: Teenage Aileen stands behind a garage, made-up and
text: provocatively dressed. Teenage boys crowd around.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: fr AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: I started wearing make-up real young and
dialog: was always super concerned with my
dialog: image...
text: She nonchalantly takes a dollar and lifts her plouse. Her
text: gaze lingers wistfully on a CUTE BOY.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I was always secretly looking for who it
dialog: was gonna be would discover me. Was it
dialog: this guy?
text: » The cute boy stares at her chest then meets her gaze with a
text: sneer. Aileen's face contorts instantly into an indifferent
dialog: glare.
text: She tucks the dollar in her pocket.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Teenage Aileen lingers on the edge of an alley. A car driven
text: by a 50 year old man pulls over and Aileen hops in.
speaker_heading: C AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: or maybe this one? You never knew-
dialog: But even if they couldn't take me all the
dialog: way, somehow somebody would believe in me
dialog: just enough.
text: The man smiles lasciviously. Aileen leans into him. Her head
text: drops out of frame.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: Her head pops back up. Dark now, different car, different
text: man. Mid twenties and HANDSOME. He moves to kiss her, veering
text: away from her mouth and digging into her neck. She SWOONS.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O-)
dialog: They would think I was beautiful. Like a
dialog: diamond in the rough. They would take me
dialog: away to that new life. That new world.
dialog: where everything would be different.
text: PUSH IN ON: Aileen’s face, her eyes are closed. They flip
text: open anxiously...
scene_heading: ( INT. RURAL HOME - NIGHT
text: 18 year old Aileen stands stock still, frozen in a shabby
text: living room. The young man and his MOTHER surround her,
text: arguing. No words are needed to know the subject is Aileen.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: The lovers fight behind an idling car. He tries, barely, to
text: soothe her. Aileen is hysterical and violent. He loses his
text: temper and throws her to the ground. His car peels away into
dialog: the night.
text: Aileen sobs in the dirt. Screaming, pounding the earth.
speaker_heading: : AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: I lived that way for a long, long time...
dialog: In my head, dreaming like that. It was
dialog: nice.
text: BLACK. Her voice returns, somber now.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: But one day... it just stopped.
text: The deafening sound of POURING RAIN.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: EYES, WORN and RED, hold a cold stare.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY UNDERPASS - FLORIDA - AFTERNOON
text: Headlights streak down the highway in the pouring FLORIDA
text: rain. A figure is tucked in the crook of an underpass.
text: AILEEN ‘LEE’ WUORNOS, now 30 years old, leans against a
text: concrete support. She is dirty and disheveled. The rain howls
text: through her thin jacket but she doesn’t seem to notice. The
text: contents of her purse are spilled in the muddy water. She
text: stares into her lap, trance-like.
dialog: (NOTE: Aileen will be referred to as Lee in the present tense
text: of the script, and Aileen in VOICE OVER only.)
text: Follow her stare down to a dirty .22 handgun. She gently
text: fingers the trigger. A rumpled and torn FIVE DOLLAR BILL is
text: clutched in her other hand.
text: t~ She leans her head back and closes her eyes. She draws a deep
text: , breath, and opens them.
scene_heading: a EXT. RAINY HIGHWAY - AFTERNOON
text: A thumb juts into the drizzling rain. Lee stands on the
text: shoulder of the road, squinting at the passing cars.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.)
dialog: By the time I met Selby Wall?... shit,
dialog: all I wanted was a beer.
text: FADE UP: the chatter and clinking glasses of a bar.
scene_heading: INT. THE ZODIAC BAR - DAYTONA BEACH - SAME
text: ‘PUSH IN on SELBY WALL, sipping a Jack and Coke through a
text: straw. She is 26, chubby and nondescript but has a soft
text: attractiveness that betrays her masculine attire. Her right
text: wrist is in a cast.
text: She bobs along to Patsy Cline’s ‘He called me Baby‘ amid the
text: DIN OF LAUGHTER and joking.
text: At the other side of the table a BUTCH LESBIAN has a GIRL in
text: a skirt sitting on her lap. The Girl tells an animated story
text: to the crowded table. When the Girl-is not looking the
text: lesbian winks mischievously to the others and slowly raises
text: her Girl’s skirt.
text: Selby GRINS with delight.
text: The Girl scratches her leg but doesn’t notice. The lesbian
text: does it again. The Girl catches her and slaps her hand. The
text: Lesbian feigns ignorance. Everyone laughs.
text: Selby laughs.
text: The Lesbian tries again and the Girl leaps up in reprimand.
text: She looks around for somewhere else to sit. Seeing something
text: across the room she walks over.
text: Selby’s smile vanishes, then awkwardly reappears. PULL OUT to
text: reveal that Selby is sitting ALONE on the other side of the
dialog: room.
text: The Girl leans in.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: {overly eager)
dialog: Hey!?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Someone sitting here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: tr « SELBY
dialog: for
text: The Girl swoops up the chair and returns to her table.
text: Selby’s face falls. She glances around self consciously.
text: The surrounding tables in the meat-market utyle gay and
text: jesbian bar are all overflowing. Selby nods her head to the
text: music trying to appear “a part of the action” which only
text: makes her stick out more.
text: A DOOR CHIME tinkers as someone enters off-screen.
text: The crowd turns to steal a glance in the direction of the
text: front door. Selby follows their gaze but can't see it. She
text: awkwardly cranes to the side. She FREEZES, MESMERIZED by...
text: LEE stands at’ the front door shaking off the rain, a striking
text: figure despite the soaked and dirty clothing that shout out
text: her profession. Tall, with a shock of wild blond hair, her
text: good looks have hardened into a dangerous shell, frightening
text: and compelling, like a wild animal. She shoots a scowl at her
dialog: observers.
text: Selby almost drops her drink.
text: ( Lee pushes through the crowd and slides onto a stool at the
text: end of the bar.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Hey man! You got a towel or something?
text: The BARTENDER makes a show of responsibility by rolling his
text: eyes and speaking loudly.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Ma'am our services are for patrons only.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah, I’m gonna buy a fucking beer
dialog: alright?!
text: Lee pulls out the FIVE DOLLAR BILL and throws it on the bar.
text: He tosses her a dirty bar rag. She frowns and pats her hands
text: on it with disgust.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wow... thanks a lot. Gimme a Miller...
dialog: please!?
text: ( She notices a MALE GAY COUPLE staring at her, but looks away
text: with disinterest. The beer arrives and the Bartender gingerly
dialog: takes the five.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: f LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! What's this like a gay place?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Uh... yeah.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey... whatever, man.
text: Lee tosses the towel at him and throws back the beer.
text: ACROSS THE ROOM Selby is watching. Mirroring Lee she tosses
text: her beer back for courage. She gets up and strides towards
text: Lee, actually to the jukebox behind Lee. .
text: SONG PAGES flip by and land on PATSY CLINE.
text: Selby pretends to look at them. She darts nervous glances at
text: Lee, punches in some numbers and approaches.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Hey--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: tf Hey... dude!
text: Lee points to her mug. Selby slides in two stools down. Lee
text: glances over. Selby Sits at attention. Lee looks away. The
text: beer arrives.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (awkwardly over-friendly)
dialog: Hit!... Can I buy you that drink?
text: Lee rolls her eyes and stares ahead.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I’ve got money.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (to Bartender)
dialog: Oh... wh, can I have a pitcher? Whatever
dialog: she’s having.
text: Lee sighs.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: So, do you come in here a lot?
text: Lee snorts a laugh.
dialog: Cc
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: tr
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No... Hey, you don’t have a kleenex or
dialog: anything do ya?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Oh... sure.
text: Selby looks around hopefully. She jumps off her stool and
text: momentarily returns with some napkins.
text: Lee carefully unfolds them and pats off her face and hair.
text: The gay couple stares, smugly entertained.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (to the men - vicious)
dialog: Hey, you got a fucking problem?!
text: Selby jumps with a start. The couple looks away. Selby is
dialog: delighted. :
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks. Do I have mascara runnin?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No... You look beautiful.
text: Lee snorts, uncomfortably surprised, but quickly recoils.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey, I’m not gay alright!?
text: Selby tries to hide her disappointment. She pours her beer
text: with a shrug.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No? Well, that figures. If you were you
dialog: probably wouldn't even be talking to me.
dialog: None of these girls will... So what are
dialog: you doing in here?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Truck broke down. I’ma... I got a
dialog: pressure cleaning business-~
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What's pressure cleaning?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: You know, steam cleaning? Carpets,
dialog: upholstery, so. I’m just getting out of
dialog: the rain.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Oh... my name's Selby.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
text: f° is growing irritated with this engagement.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Lee...
text: Lee studies the single dollar bill on the bar. She shoves it
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck... I’m out of here.
text: She gets up. Selby watches her desperately.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Are you sure? It’s still raining--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Look you fat fucking dyke! Don’t waste
dialog: yer time, I'm not gonna fuck you for a
dialog: beer!
text: Selby is hurt. Lee collects her things. As she turns to leave
text: the insult musters Selby’s courage. She grabs Lee’s arm.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Hey, you know what? I wasn’t trying to
dialog: ct fuck you - for your information - I know
dialog: you won't fuck me. I just wanted to talk
dialog: to you and I thought maybe if I bought
dialog: you some beer you'd talk to me. So get
dialog: over yourself!
text: Her confidence fades under the weight of Lee’s intense stare.
text: A long uncomfortable pause.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I was just trying to have one decent
dialog: night out, at least talking to someone,
text: before I head right back into my parents
dialog: closet anyway. So I don't see how sitting
dialog: here with the best looking girl in the
dialog: place is a waste of time if I’m the
dialog: lesbian.
text: Lee's eyes bore holes through Selby.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: sorry I bothered... I wasn’t trying to
dialog: insult you...
text: Lee pulls out the stool, sits back down.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You... you don’t have to stay-
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
speaker_heading: cr LEE
dialog: Hey, it's no skin off my nose... I was
dialog: just trying to be straight with you.
text: Selby nods. They both stare awkwardly at the pitcher of beer.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: So, are you really a steam cleaner?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No, I’m not!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: That’s good. That sounds real boring.
text: Selby pours Lee a beer.
speaker_heading: , LEE
dialog: No, it's a real good job, actually -
dialog: Pressure cleaning.
scene_heading: INT. THE ZODIAC BAR - LATER
text: The place has emptied out. Lee and Selby hover over a pair of
text: shots at the bar. They're drunk and happy-
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey! Don’t fucking cheat man!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I'm not! You're jussa Ssore--- winner.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: That's right, winner, though. One, two,
dialog: go!
text: They throw them back. Lee downs it like water and slams the
text: glass down. Selby struggles, squints, and finishes.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dusted again. No shit, you suck.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Hey... bull... I’m jus, jus- Two more!
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Bar‘’s closed.
text: They reel with disappointment.
speaker_heading: - LEE
dialog: ct Closed? That's bullshit! What time is
dialog: it?..-
dialog: (off his silence)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh yeah? Huh. Then why don't you take
dialog: tr that stick out yer ass.
text: Selby bursts out laughing. They get up.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Selby)
dialog: Yer not coming back right?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Nahhh.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: “So fuck you asshole. Yer lucky yer behind
dialog: that bar or I'd beat yer ass. Who the
dialog: fuck you think you are, ya shitkickin’
text: pansy.
text: He flips them off. They roar laughing and stumble out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ZODIAC - CONTINUOUS
text: Lee HOWLS out into the night. Stepping apart they slightly
dialog: sober.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: a Whew. So... hey, thanks for the drinks.
text: Lee extends her hand and they shake.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry I... called you a fat dyke.
text: Selby nods, still hanging onto her hand.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: yer fun. Pretty too so... you know, I was
dialog: just being mean.
text: Selby blushes. She lets her hand go and shrugs. Lee looks
text: around. It’s obvious she has nowhere to go.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, well nice ta-
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: You wanna... you wanna stay with me?
text: Lee's intense stares returns.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Cc Not like- Youn't have to do nothin’.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE :
dialog: No, I know... Uh, yeah, I guess since my
dialog: truck... you know... Sure.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A cheap plastic globe-shaped splay of FIBER OPTICS softly
text: illuminates a traditional family room decorated in country
text: floral. The door opens and Selby creeps inside.
text: Lee tip-toes cautiously behind her, like a dog who has never
text: been let inside before. She takes in the surroundings with
dialog: surprise.
text: Passing through a KITCHEN, a LAUNDRY ROOM and through a
text: GARAGE filled with pool supplies and fishing gear before
dialog: entering a make-shift...
speaker_heading: BEDROOM
text: The tiny room is filled with boxes that surround a neatly
text: made full size bed. Stuffed animals line the pillows and a
text: large cross hangs over the bed. A small bathroom joins to the
dialog: laundry room.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (off Lee’s confusion)
dialog: S‘my aunt’s house.
text: Lee nods in understanding.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You wanna take a shower or anythin’...
text: Lee is embarrassed but nods.
scene_heading: BEDROOM - LATER
text: Selby sits stiffly on the bed. The shower turns off. Selby
text: writhes around, adjusting the sheets and frantically trying
text: to look casual.
text: Lee enters in a pair of oversized pajamas, obviously Selby’s.
text: She looks strangely vulnerable. She struggles to maintain her
text: tough facade and climbs into the bed.
text: They exchange awkward ‘goodnights' and Selby clicks off the
text: light, her eyes are wide with disbelief. She steals drunken
text: glances at Lee. Lee laughs uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Isorry... I jes can’t believe yer here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah?... Me neither.
text: Selby rolls to face her. The alcohol has dampened her
text: inhibitions and she forgets herself for a moment. Her eyes
text: droop open and closed, studying Lee’s face with unabashed
text: wonder. Lee breathes slowly and stares at the wall.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Can I... can I touch yer face?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: “Yeah, I guess.
text: Selby's fingers slowly raise as if approaching a precious
text: object. They skim ever so lightly down Lee’s cheek.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yer so... yer so pretty.
text: Selby’‘s head sinks down. Her nose lands inches from Lee's
text: shoulder. She breathes it in. Her hand slowly grasps at the
text: pajama fabric.
text: Lee‘s eyes are open and vulnerable. Finally they slip shut.
text: Her chest heaves slowly as she absorbs the affection.
text: They lay together, perfectly still, content.
text: Lee's eyes open again, ‘now much softer. She looks out the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: I've always moved too fast in love, but
dialog: I'd spent most of the day sitting in the
dialog: rain about to kill myself, so you can
dialog: understand I wasn't feeling particularly
dialog: cautious.
text: The NIGHT SKY is bright with stars. CICADAS whir in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: Hookers had been showing up dead all over
dialog: the Florida highways and when I found
dialog: myself secretly hoping the guy would just
dialog: get me and finally end it all, I knew I
dialog: had nothing more to lose.
text: A LIGHT BULB clicks on.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM
text: The washing machine lid opens. Lee's clothing tumbles in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: cf
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: Everybody's got faith in something. For
dialog: me, all I'd had left was love... But when
dialog: my boyfriend took off and stole all of my
dialog: pressure cleaning equipment, something
text: finally broke.
text: She adds some detergent and spins the dials. The washer: WHIRS
dialog: into action.
text: The FRIDGE DOOR swings open on the fully stocked fridge.
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
text: Lee is delighted and starts pulling things out.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.)
dialog: I ‘know that part had sounded like a lie
dialog: put I'd spent two years saving up for
dialog: that stuff so when he left, I was pretty
dialog: sure I'd never love a man again. ’
text: A beer CRACKS open. Tupperware PEELS apart. Boxes are OPENED.
text: Lee sits at the kitchen table in front of a feast of
text: leftovers. She voraciously stabs at everything.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And without love, without even hope of
dialog: it, what’s the point. Even a bum on the
dialog: streets is looking for something,
dialog: alcohol, drugs, something.
text: The lights on a STEREO SYSTEM flip on.
speaker_heading: LIVINGROOM
text: Lee turns up the volume. CLASSICAL MUSIC fades up. She kicks
text: off her shoes, tumbles into the couch and picks up a
dialog: magazine.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The only reason I didn't do it was a five
dialog: dollar bill. I kept feeling it in my
dialog: pocket and it was bugging me.
text: Suddenly uncomfortable, Lee digs in her pajama pocket. She
text: pulls out a crumpled five dollar bill and tosses it onto the
text: coffee table.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: ct
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I knew I‘d probably given some asshole a
dialog: blow job for it, so it really started to
dialog: piss me off that if I killed myself
dialog: without spending it, then I would have
dialog: basically sucked him off for free.
text: A FAINT CRY is heard. Lee grabs the remote, turns down the
text: radio and listens.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Honey?
text: Her face tenses with concern. After a beat she gets up and
text: slowly heads up the stairs.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: So I made a deal. I said "God, you've
dialog: done this to me and I don’t know why.
dialog: Now, I’m going into town to spend this
dialog: five bucks but when it’s gone... so am
dialog: I"
text: Reaching an upstairs corridor, she swings a left.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: "So if you've got something for me in
dialog: this world you had better bring it on.”
text: Light spills from beneath a closed door. Her hand grips the
text: doorknob and turns it.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And sure enough there she was.
text: Reverse to SELBY, dressed like a HOUSEWIFE, propped up with
text: pillows in a king sized bed. She lowers a book.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Honey... Aren't you coming to bed?
text: Lee beams with absolute love.
speaker_heading: LEE
text: In a minute.
text: An abrupt KNOCKING. They both cock their heads in confusion.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUEST ROOM - MORNING
text: Lee's eyes flip open. The KNOCKING again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: Ct WOMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Selby honey? °
text: Lee jumps up into an aggressive position as the door opens
text: and AUNT DEBBIE leans in. Her face contorts in shock. She
text: SLAMS the door shut. Selby scrambles up.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Sorry, uh... just a sec. Debbie?
text: Selby leans out the door but she’s gone.
text: Lee is out of the bed and dressing. They exchange worried
text: guilty smiles.
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
text: Debbie, conservative mid 40‘s, is dressed in church clothing.
text: She irons a man‘s shirt. In the livingroom, TREVOR, 16 years
text: old, sits down on the coffee table to tie his shoes.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Trevor... off.
text: He rolls his eyes and moves to the couch. Debbie glances up
text: sternly as Selby rounds the corner from the garage with Lee
text: C in tow. Debbie points back behind them.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: Selby, take your friend out the back
dialog: please.
text: Selby nods obsequiously and they turn back.
scene_heading: EXT. DEBBIE'S HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY
text: Lee and Selby SNICKER as they walk down the driveway, Selby
text: seems anxious to get back.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: That's alright. Thanks for letting me
dialog: crash.
text: They stop at the end of the drive-way. Another goodbye.
speaker_heading: SELBY LEE
dialog: Sure... So what--~ --When are--
speaker_heading: Cr
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry. When you leaving?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: fr
dialog: * 7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Tuesday...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Oh. Huh.
text: They both shrug and try to act casual.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Hey, but if you’re not doing anything
dialog: later... I might be hanging out at the
text: Moonlight around 5. It’s two blocks down.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Oh yeah? Maybe I'll swing by.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Okay... cool. Maybe I'1l see ya.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Alright. Have a good time at church.
text: Lee winks sheepishly, squeezes her hand and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: Debbie folds the ironing board. Trevor sits dressed and
text: sullen at the table. Selby walks in, picks at a plate of
text: pancakes. She studies Debbie who avoids eye contact with her.
text: RANDY, a big man with an angry demeanor, stomps through the
text: kitchen with his keys.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Just one sec...
text: Randy swings back around furiously.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Well, don’t hurry me to get ready if
dialog: we're not leaving.
text: Debbie quickly stashes the ironing board, snatches the plates
text: off the table and drops them in the sink.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Honey, just hang on...
dialog: (harsh)
dialog: Trevor! Selby, get in the car!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: (7 selby dutifully follows Trevor into the garage.
scene_heading: EXT. SURE-SAFE STORAGE - DAY
text: Lee SNEAKS between rows of storage units beside a large
text: dilapidated house. Inside, the blinds whips open. Lee ducks
text: around the corner.
text: RITA, an overweight woman with a permanent scowl, storms up
text: to find Lee disappearing under a metal grate.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (heavy southern accent)
dialog: Hey! I see yu. Git outta there. You
dialog: cannot be here. I toll you to pay er I’m
dialog: gonna throw yer shit out--
speaker_heading: . MAN’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey! Git over here.
text: Rita curses and leaves. Lee SLIDES the gate up and pulls out
text: a box.
speaker_heading: RITA (0.S.)
text: She’s sleighping in the freakin shed!
speaker_heading: a MAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I don't give a God damn what she’s doing
dialog: I told you leave er...
dialog: (harsh whisper)
dialog: You should be ashamed. Too much fer you
dialog: let er sleep in a shed not fit fer a dog.
text: Lee stifles shame with an indifferent sneer. She pulls out
text: clothing, a comb and some make-up and sets it aside.
text: THOMAS, late 40's in fatigues and a POW MIA t-shirt, comes
text: around the’ corner. His leg is extremely crippled and he drags
text: it awkwardly. He holds two beers and a sandwich.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Hey Lee.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey Tom... Sorry ‘bout the... rent.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Yeah? Awright... You wont some sandwich?
dialog: I hate ham.
text: cr She is embarrassed but takes it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (casual)
dialog: Hey, I could blow ya if you want?
text: Unphazed, he smiles sadly and eases himself onto a post. He
text: cracks open a beer and hands it to her.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Nahh, honey, that‘s alright. Pay me when
dialog: ya can... So how you doin’?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: “Oh... good man, good. Real good. I met
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Well alright. Careful he’s not some ding
dialog: dong like the last-- .
dialog: (bellows at the distant shrubs)
dialog: Hey! Back up... I see ya!
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Still spying on ya?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (re: POW shirt)
dialog: Got damn CIA... They don’t want it out
dialog: but they can’t mess with this one.
dialog: (shouts again)
dialog: I will shoot cha! Don’t forget it!
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION BATHROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Water splashes into a filthy sink. Lee is in her underwear
text: and washes down with hand towels.
text: A HAND DRIER roars on.
text: She flips her head upside and hangs it underneath.
text: Lee scrutinizes the mirror. Carefully feathering her hair.
scene_heading: INT. MOONLIGHT ROLLER DISCO - NIGHT
text: The GLITTERING COLORFUL LIGHTS of a MIRRORBALL shine down on
dialog: the lower class masses. (Note: Throughout, POP MUSIC circa
text: 1989 is mixed with DISCO and 70's skate rink classics.)
text: Selby sits in the CONCESSION AREA, anxiously scanning the
text: room. Through the crowd she spots Lee at the entrance,
text: arguing with the man at the turnstile.
text: Selby jumps up, checks her appearance and calms herself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: ANGLE ON Lee, seeing Selby and doing the same. Selby walks
text: up, already reaching “in her pocket. They try to act
text: nonchalant.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Hey, you came?
speaker_heading: LEE .
dialog: Yeah I was around. Thought I'd swing by.
dialog: Thanks...
text: Selby hands the guy a five. Lee steps through. They're both
text: done up with a casual look that betrays great care. Lee’s
text: clothing is significantly more masculine, and Selby is
dialog: straining to look “tough.”
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: You look great.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yeah? You too.
speaker_heading: CONCESSION AREA
text: Lee and Selby sit at a booth with Cokes and nachos.
speaker_heading: et LEE
dialog: So where are your friends?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Huh? Oh... no I just... come down
dialog: sometimes.
text: Selby gets embarrassed. Lee laughs and Selby follows.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, you‘re so mean.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey I'm here too.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: So... can I ask you a question?
text: Lee wolfs down a few nachos,
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (mischievous whisper)
dialog: a Are you a... prostitute?
text: Lee frowns in defense but Selby’s eyes are wide with awe.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: a LEE
dialog: (righteous)
dialog: Yeah... Why?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I don’t know. I just... people like, pay
dialog: you to be with them. It’s wild.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah? This is gonna cost you fifty.
text: Selby falters. Lee laughs.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm just kidding you. No... I like you.
text: Selby blushes. Her eyes dart up from her Coke longingly.
speaker_heading: SELBY .
dialog: So, like... what do you... do to them?
text: Lee holds her stare. A slow smile appears. Her confidence
text: building under this refreshingly glorifying perspective.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: ct All kinds of things... Whatever they
dialog: F like.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: How do you know what they...?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (cocky)
dialog: Shit, well they’re not shy about telling
dialog: ya, but truth is they're easy to read.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: So what‘s that guy like?
text: Lee follows her finger to the turnstile man.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (nonchalantly)
dialog: Finger up his ass... Probably likes to be
text: humiliated at the same time.
text: Selby grins with delighted surprise.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Oh geez, that's ewwww... What about him?
text: tf A FOOTBALL PLAYER type with his arm around his girlfriend.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: cr LEE
dialog: Oh, he's gay.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No way!
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Definitely. Tries too hard; either gay or
dialog: he’s got a small dick, but I'd bet twenty
dialog: on gay.
text: Selby giggles.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT’D)
dialog: That one, straight S&M. Tie you up. Whips
dialog: and chains.
text: Selby follows Lee's finger to a payphone across the room. Her
text: jaw drops then she bursts out laughing. TREVOR.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: That’s my cousin!
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: C Ohhhhh no. Sorry... Anyway. It’s, you
dialog: know, not the best job.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I'll bet they line up to be with a girl
dialog: like you.
text: Lee shrugs, almost proud.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I guess... I don’t know. Not really.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What’s Ohio like?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (sobers with disinterest)
dialog: I don’t know... I mean, I had a bad time
dialog: before but... I'm trying to be
dialog: optimistic.
dialog: (off Lee's curious nod)
dialog: Well, since I'm... gay - OF bi.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Bi?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Well, yeah, I could probably like a guy,
dialog: who knows?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: tr
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: But before I left this girl from my
dialog: church told my parents I tried to kiss
dialog: her so they kind of disowned me. It was
dialog: bad. Thought I could figure myself out
dialog: down here, but then I broke my arm before
dialog: I could find a job, so, now, cause my dad
dialog: had to pay the bills, I made him a deal
dialog: to come back... But we. talked, which is
dialog: good, so... maybe it’ll be different.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Why, they gonna let you hang out with
dialog: _ hookers now?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Oh... well... no, but. I don’t know.
dialog: Maybe I can... try to change. Save my
dialog: soul and all that.
text: Selby shrugs, but her eyes are sad.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I think yer soul seems pretty good.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Thanks. Hey, Who knows though. Maybe one
dialog: day I’1l come back down... we can hang
dialog: out?
text: Their smiles fades with the knowledge that this won't ever
text: happen. Lee looks out to the floor, rarin’ to go.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Forget about next time. This time I’m
dialog: gonna beat your ass around that floor.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Oh no... I don't...
text: Lee pulls her up to...
speaker_heading: SKATE FLOOR
text: Happy couples skate hand in hand. Children zip in between.
text: Selby hugs the rail as she moves carefully toward Lee, who is
text: laughing against the wall. Selby awkwardly skate-steps up.
text: Lee juts out her hand. Selby looks at it.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: c’mon. I got cha.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Cr She takes it. They skate into the crowd. Lee is good and
text: keeps Selby up. Big smiles as Lee shows off some fancy foot
dialog: moves.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: How'd you get so good?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Aw, I used to go all the time.
text: The DJ announces a “rexing couples only” skate. Journey's
text: ‘Don’t Stop Believing’ comes on. Selby starts to leave the
text: floor, but Lee pulls her back.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh man, I love this song.
speaker_heading: SELBY -
dialog: Me too! I love this song too! But I can’t
dialog: do that.
text: She nods to a couple, one skates backwards with their arms
text: around the other. Selby cringes.
text: Lee flips backward and holds out her hand.
speaker_heading: eC LEE
dialog: Yes you can.
text: Selby turns beet red and takes her arm. Lee’s hand reaches
text: around her back. She skates backwards fluidly, glancing
text: behind her.
text: Trevor spots them from the railing. He shoots a smirk at
text: Selby. Selby wilts a little.
text: Lee turns her head to face Selby, giving her a wide,
text: confident smile. Selby grins with wild disregard.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: You navigate. Make sure we don’t hit
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Cause.
text: Lee faces her and doesn’t look back. Selby tenses and scans
text: the floor like it’s out to get them. Lee laughs. Selby laughs
dialog: t at herself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Here... just look at me. Sense ‘em.
text: They look in each ‘other's eyes. Selby,. flushed with fear and
text: excitement. Lee’s hands tighten around her back. Selby’s eyes
dialog: are vulnerable, searching Lee for proof that this could
dialog: really be what she thinks.
text: Lee puts a hand on Selby’s neck. PULLS her into... A KISS.
text: Selby’s eyes FLUTTER with EMOTION then dart open in fear, but
text: Lee won't let go. Lee finally leans back with a WONDROUS
text: SMILE. She checks behind them for danger and leads them
text: across the busy floor. Heads turn as they pass, but for this
text: moment Selby’ doesn’t care. Her eyes don’t break their intense
dialog: lock on Lee.
text: Their hands clasp. Selby studies Lee wondrously»
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: You wanna get outta here?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (choking excitement)
dialog: Yeah... but where? I don’t think we can
dialog: go back to my aunts.
text: ‘Don’t Stop Believing’ rises and continues over:
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: They fall against a concrete wall, MAKING OUT.
text: They KISS. TONGUES touch desperately.
text: Lee's hand gropes and Selby TREMBLES with excitement. Lee's
text: hand moves down as she KISSES down Selby’s NECK. Selby pulls
text: at Lee’s shirt as Lee slides out of view.
text: SELBY falls back against the wall. Her eyes shut. Lost in
dialog: pleasure. Lee is a sexual performer. There's no doubt about
text: it. Selby holds back CRIES of ecstasy.
text: Her breathing catches into gasps and Selby is left in
dialog: amazement .
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: t EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
dialog: t
text: Lee and Selby’s hands are intertwined. They grasp at each
text: other, not able to get enough of what they’ve just found.
text: Lee and Selby sit against the wall.
speaker_heading: LEE.
dialog: Yours are so small...
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yeah? No one's ever... really held ‘em
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Maybe soon some big guy, huh?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (choking a laugh)
dialog: Uh... well... I doubt they’d like me even
dialog: if I did like them. . +
text: They fall into silence. Selby looks at her watch.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Do you like me?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Yeah I like you!...
text: Lee leans close to her. Her eyes are wide. Like a frightened
text: puppy looking for affection. Selby reaches awkwardly around
text: her with her broken arm.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: (as if it’s okay)
dialog: Do you really like me?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I thought you didn’t like girls.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I don’t... really like anyone... But I
dialog: like you?!
text: She shrugs "go figure.” Selby laughs. They clutch hands
dialog: desperately.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: cr
dialog: a
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Figures. Only girl who‘s ever liked me
dialog: shows up now... here.
text: Lee’s brow is knit in angst. Suddenly she flashes with
text: detached certainty.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey. Well we’ve got tomorrow right? Lets
dialog: just do it up!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Alright.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Whats say... Whats say I take you out
dialog: grand. Huh?
speaker_heading: SELBY .
dialog: Really? Oh - I don’t think I can affor
dialog: it. .
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I know. I’m taking you out.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Alright... But you don’t have to spend
dialog: your money on me.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Nah, after you pay me for this tonight,
dialog: I‘1l just use that money.
text: Selby’s face falls. Lee shakes her head and laughs to
text: herself. Selby gets the joke and blushes.
text: They climb to their feet, like school kids they kiss sweetly.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - MORNING
text: A big rig tears across the red sky.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Lee is in a good mood and glances around at the tiny shack
text: like establishments. Southern-style blinking arrows advertise
text: everything from bait to porno videos.
text: She carefully studies each car that passes and finally jumps
text: toward the road and waves.
text: A man driving a green Monte Carlo pulls up and Lee hops in.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: cr INT. GREEN MONTE CARLO - MOVING - DAY
dialog: t
text: CHUCK, a well dressed man in his late 50’s, smiles smugly.
text: Lee hops in and her demeanor switches effortlessly to the
text: helpless but friendly female.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey thanks... I was gettin’ lost around
dialog: here.
text: Chuck knows the score but they eye each other cautiously.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Where you headed?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Oh... just down wherever you can take me?
dialog: I'm just trying to get to a phone. Damn
dialog: car broke down... .
text: Riffling through her shoulder bag, she pulls out a wallet
text: photo and shows it to him. A tattered Sears-style picture
text: shows two blonde children.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: See these are my kids. I gotta get back
dialog: to Miami but I'm broke... trying to make
dialog: a few dollars... somehow.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I might be able to help you out.
text: They lock eyes in understanding. Lee smiles.
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIE'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Selby balances a laundry basket on one hip. She grabs a glass
text: of juice off the counter and walks down the hallway, through
text: the garage and into her...
speaker_heading: BEDROOM
text: She drops the basket on the bed next to an open suitcase. She
text: starts folding the clothing but notices something on top of
text: her things. She picks up the PAMPHLET.
text: Dozens of smiling faces ask "Can homosexuals change? We did.”
text: Selby tosses it onto the night stand and digs into her
dialog: clothing.
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: Ct EXT. HIGHWAY - EVENING
text: Lee walks down the road at a quick pace, counting money in
text: her hand. She's disappointed with her take.
text: A BROWN GRAND PRIX slows behind her. RICHARD MALLORY grins
text: from behind the wheel. He’s in his date 40's with a thick
text: mustache and a baseball hat.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Hey lady love... how ‘bout a ride?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: ’ Depends what time it is?
speaker_heading: : RICHARD
dialog: I got a quarter to 6.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hmmm. Maybe a quick ride?
text: Richard shrugs ‘no problem’ and waves her in.
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIE’S HOUSE - GUEST ROOM - NIGHT
text: a Selby excitedly checks herself out in the mirror. Too frumpy.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN GRAND PRIX - NIGHT
text: Lee anxiously looks around as Richard turns off onto a wooded
text: path. It’s barely a road.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Man, don‘t go too far.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I just want a little privacy. Don’t want
dialog: to get busted.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah, me neither.
text: Richard pulls out a flask from the seat behind him and fills
text: up a thermos cap with liquor. He offers it to Lee.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT’D)
dialog: Alright. Thanks.
text: He pulls out another ard fills it up while trying to navigate
text: the increasingly bumpy road.
speaker_heading: ct LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: ° Hey so, how ‘bout... make it quick I'11l
dialog: suck you off for 20?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: t- RICHARD
dialog: No, I wanna fuck.
text: He looks at her like a piece of meat.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Okay, fine. Then thirty straight up.
text: The car finally pulls to a stop. She sips the liquor.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: _ Deal.
text: His easygoing manner is almost charming. He pulls some bills
text: off of a roll of money. Lee reaches out, but he pulls them
text: away and tucks them into the ashtray.
speaker_heading: . RICHARD (CONT'D) .
dialog: Uh un, hang on girl. I don’t want you to
dialog: rip me off.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Oh c'mon man. Alright. fuck first... and
dialog: the good shit later.
text: a She starts pulling up her skirt.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Hey hold up. Let me finish my drink at
dialog: least.
text: Lee fixes her skirt and sits like an impatient kid.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: You want some more?
dialog: (Lee waves him off)
dialog: Geez, hookers nowadays. You girls? I
dialog: like, I love ‘em and I hate ‘em, you
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: That's how it always is.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Yep. But I still like ‘em better than my
dialog: fucking wife, you know.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (disinterested)
dialog: Well that happens a lot I guess.
text: ct Richard takes his last sip and makes a disappointed face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Alright jesus.. I don’t want to “hold you
dialog: up.”
text: She smiles and goes to work on her skirt. She pull it off and
text: lifts her shirt. Richard watches. :
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Come on. You too.
text: He shrugs not getting it. He pulls his dick through his
dialog: zipper. —
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: C’mon man, take your pants off.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Thought you were trying to save time? “The
dialog: money‘s right there...
text: She rolls her eyes and moves to climb on top of him.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait just suck it a little first..
text: (she scowls in protest, he
dialog: laughs)
dialog: Ten more! Ten more dollars!
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I don‘t--
text: His face changes.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Fucking suck it bitch.
text: She freezes. Her eyes fill with dread. She’s been here
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: No...
text: His arm raises from behind the seat. Metal FLASHES in
dialog: darkness.
speaker_heading: CRACK!
text: She's BLINDSIDED. Blood rushes from her hairline as Lee
text: crumples awkwardly onto the floorboard, Out cold.
text: Richard Mallory is transformed. He looks down at her, his
text: face bizarrely contorted into fury... revenge... insanity?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: His hand raised in threat, holds a pipe. He brings it down.
scene_heading: INT. MOONLIGHT ROLLER DISCO - NIGHT
text: Selby sits at the concession area. She’s all dressed up and
text: holds a bag in her lap. She is clearly disappointed but
dialog: hasn‘t conceded defeat yet.
scene_heading: I/E. BROWN GRAND PRIX - WOODS ~ NIGHT
text: Lee's eyes blink open, pulling against the dried blood that
text: seals them shut. Her body is being moved.
text: Her clothing is hiked up around her chest and her body lays
text: half out of the drivers side door. Richard behind her...
text: doing something to her.
text: She SCREAMS and lurches in pain...
text: Richard LAUGHS. There is something in his hands. The pipe?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I knew that'd get you! You gonna stay
dialog: awake now? What's the point if you can’t
text: fucking SCREAM YOU FUCKING BITCH! HUH? I
text: WANT A HEAR IT.
text: She MOANS in pain. Struggles weakly, but her hands are tied
text: to the passenger side door. She JOLTS again. CHOKES to
text: scream. Only blood comes out.
text: Richard pulls his foot back and kicks her. HARD. He leans
text: over her, whispering.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: Wake the fuck... up... You wanna live til
dialog: you die don’t you? Huh? You wanna die?
dialog: You wanna die bitch?
text: He disappears from her view. Her eyes roll back. BLACK.
text: His hand SLAPS her cheek. Richard’s back, though she didn’t
text: even know he was gone. And he's got something. He pops the
text: cap on a bottle of rubbing alcohol.
text: Lee SHRIEKS. Blood curdling SCREAMING. Richard stands behind
text: her grinning sadistically. Pouring it on her.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: AAbhh HA! There we go. Let’s clean you up
dialog: bitch. I’m onna clean you up cause you
dialog: got some fucking to do...
text: Her hands yank at the door, hysterical.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: * 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: tf LEE
dialog: . (weakly but building)
dialog: You mother fucker... you motherfucker...
dialog: motherfucker...
text: He begins unbuttoning his pants. Perfectly calmly. Out of
text: nowhere he kicks her again.
text: She SCREAMS full volume without cease. Her eyes completely
text: wild. Her hands YANK, YANK coming slightly loose. She bangs
text: her head forwards, CRYING through the SCREAMS.
text: Richard leans in. She jerks forward... SCREAMING, SOBBING.
text: Her hand... comes LOOSE. Her eyes pop wide with surprise.
dialog: Wait.
text: He thrusts against her. Her hair bounces off her face, but
text: she can see... the bag. Her free hand darts for it...
text: A safety FLIPS. She wrenches her body. SCREAMS! .
text: The gun EXPLODES with a deafening CRACK. White light fills
dialog: the car.
text: Richard Mallory stumbles backwards clutching his chest in
text: te shock. Lee turns frantically and yanks her other hand free.
text: In a split second she is standing in the driver’s side
dialog: doorway.
text: CRACK... CRACK...
text: Lee holds the gun in both hands, locked in on her target. Her
text: eyes insane with focus.
text: Mallory’s body jolts with each impact. She rushes him as he
dialog: falls.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (screaming)
scene_heading: MOTHERFUCKER. MOTHERFUCKER.
text: The BOOMS EXPLODE, again and again.
text: She looks down on him. Sheer cold-blooded insanity on her
text: face. A terrifying sight.
text: Mallory, somehow still alive, looks up at her, a gurgling
text: sound in his throat. Blood pours out of him from every
text: direction. Somehow he manages a... sneer?
text: Lee‘s eyes are wide and cold. She leans down... point blank.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: CRACK!
text: Mallory's neck explodes, his head rolls to the side.
text: Disconnected.
text: Lee stands over this... corpse. Her body heaves for breath.
text: Slowly, awareness begins returning...
text: She looks around. Blood everywhere. She's destroyed. His car,
text: frozen in the chaos of struggle. Then to Mallory. His LIMBS
text: SPLAYED in all the wrong directions. A heap of clothing.
text: For a moment she is calm. So calm. Almost curious. Then...
text: She EXPLODES.
text: Kicking and punching the lifeless pile.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
text: GOD DAMN YOU! DIE IN HELL! DIE IN
dialog: HELL... You fuck! You god damn... fuck...
dialog: you, fuck you... motherfucker.
text: Her WAILS OF FURY slow and she stands panting.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Mallory’s BODY SLIDES along the ground. A giant piece of old
text: carpeting drops on the contorted corpse. Lee leans in,
text: heaving his weight, pushing, rolling it into a shallow ravine
text: thick with weeds.
text: FROM A DISTANCE we see Lee, naked, behind the open trunk. She
text: pours a bottled water over herself and scrubs at the blood.
text: She riffles through the TRUNK. She pulls out a bag. Inside
text: there's, rope, tape and clothing. Intended for this very same
text: use. She gets the joke and sneers in the direction of the
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (yells)
dialog: I win motherfucker!
text: She LAUGHS, then FROWNS: Her anger flickering through twenty
text: other emotions and back out again as she steps into a large
text: electricians body suit.
text: HEADLIGHTS SHINE INTO THE NIGHT
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: ct INT. BROWN GRAND PRIX ~ NIGHT
text: The car rolls slowly down a rural two lane highway. Lee wears
text: Mallory's baseball cap and thick gloves and sits close to the
text: steering wheel. She throws back the last drops of liquor.
text: Looking at the wall of trees beside the car, she rolls down
text: the passenger .side window and begins hurling random objects
text: out: The flask, a book, the thermos cap... Suddenly she
text: rethinks that, pulls it back and rubs it clean on her shirt.
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIE'S HOUSE - GUEST ROOM - NIGHT
text: Selby lays in bed. The room is dark, but she is awake. She
text: holds the blanket tightly and buries her mouth into it:
dialog: determined not to be a stupid sucker.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Lee, bathed in neon, hovers inches from the mirror. Blood
text: rims her hairline and she blots at it with a napkin then
text: studies her face. She looks surprisingly cleaned up and is
text: calm but breathes with a manic stutter.
text: The dirty handbag lays in the sink, lined with make-up.
text: Trembling hands pick up a lipstick and pale pink smears
text: tr across her mouth.
text: Lee stands in the center of the bathroom, doubled over with
text: her hands on her knees, like an athlete, building courage.
text: Her eyes close. She slows her breathing to a controlled pace.
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIE’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Selby is asleep in the darkened room. She bolts up as the
text: window pane RATTLES the silence. She turns in a panic. LEE'S
text: FACE hangs in the window.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Oh go--
text: Her hand flies over her mouth. Lee grins and motions her to
text: come out outside. A RUMBLING of feet is heard upstairs and
text: Selby frantically waves her away.
text: FOOTSTEPS approach. Lee is frozen in confusion. Selby
text: gestures wildly and she finally snaps to and runs away.
text: Selby leaps to the door just as it opens.
text: tf Debbie, disheveled by sleep, flips on the light with a scowl.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D) .
dialog: Sorry. I... I fell out of bed and got
dialog: scared so I jumped up.
text: HEAVY FOOTSTEPS proceed Randy. He looms ominously in the
text: doorway. A gun hangs in his hand.
speaker_heading: | RANDY
dialog: What in the hell is happening?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Nothin...
text: He steps in with a menacing scowl. Selby sits on the bed.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: You heard something!?
speaker_heading: SELBY .
text: No, it was me... I fell out of bed.
text: Randy looks around suspiciously. After a tense beat, he
text: leaves to check the house.
text: Debbie doesn‘t move. Her eyes, locked on Selby, are narrow
dialog: with accusation.
text: Selby tries to avoid her glare.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I hope your packed.
text: Selby nods. Debbie shakes her head with disgust. Selby shrugs
text: innocently. Debbie holds her stare then walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: Lee crouches between two parked cars watching
text: THE HOUSE. It is quiet. The upstairs lights flip off and
text: Selby creeps down the driveway and looks around.
text: Lee jumps out and waves with manic enthusiasm.
text: Selby motions to calm down. Lee's grin vanishes, she nods in
text: understanding and backs into the shadows. Selby jogs over.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (excited whisper)
dialog: Hey!
text: Selby motions quiet and keeps going. Lee falls in step. They
text: turn the corner and tuck behind an RV.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: Ct LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey... sorry. Hi.
dialog: Selby wants to be mad.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I... I just wanted to see you.
text: Selby shrugs at her timing. Lee is trying desperately to
dialog: appear normal.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT‘D)
dialog: I’m know. I'm sorry... I... got ina
dialog: fight.
text: Selby is slightly disarmed but still disappointed.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Musta been a long fight.
text: Lee looks away. Unsure of what to say and angry at the
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: c LEE
dialog: Look, I know, alright? I know. But...
dialog: (softening into desperation)
dialog: I just.. fucking meant to be there.
dialog: Okay?
text: Selby nods, then shrugs at it's irrelevance before noticing
text: Lee’s clothing, then. some bruises.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Alright well... You okay?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (wired)
dialog: Yeah. No, I’m... I know weird outfit
dialog: right? But yeah, it’s cool... it’s cool.
dialog: ( forces a casual tone)
dialog: But hey, you know... I’ve been thinking;
dialog: we just met, right? So it just seems
dialog: like, why go now? We're having some fun.
dialog: Why not just hang out for a while?
text: Selby fights the temptation.
speaker_heading: tf SELBY
dialog: I wish I could.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: cr So do? MEE
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No. I can't. I promised him.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: So? He's your fucking dad!? Can't he
dialog: still save yer soul a week from now? You
dialog: know what I’m sayin? What‘s the
dialog: difference?...
text: Selby is thinking about it but can‘t lose her head.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Well they won't even let me stay even if
dialog: I wanted to.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Alright, so look...
text: Lee pulls out a wad of money. Selby’s eyes widen in
dialog: disbelief.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah. Man, shit I had it all planned out -
dialog: tC I was gonna show you a good time. Make
dialog: you wanna stay but...
dialog: (rage)
dialog: it got all fucked up. God damn it!
dialog: (about face) :
dialog: But hey. Look, here it is. So that’s no
dialog: issue girl. We could rent a hotel. Hang
dialog: out. Party. Whatever.
text: Selby looks at the money.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Where‘d you it?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I'm good like that I told you. It’s no
dialog: big thing.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: So why don’t I go up there and try to
dialog: figure it out...
text: Lee’s attempt at lightness fades.
speaker_heading: LEE
text: tf No. I can't wait. I won't be here.
dialog: ‘ Just... listen, once in a lifetime
dialog: opportunity here.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: If you wanna go later then fine! I'1l
dialog: drive you to the fucking bus and buy you
dialog: a ticket. Whatever you want... But
dialog: otherwise. Nothin. You'll never see me
dialog: again... And you may never meet someone
dialog: like me again.
text: Selby absorbs this. truth with pause.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Please Selby... it's. stupid not to.
text: Selby laughs.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I'm serious.
text: Selby looks terrified as she considers this proposition. She
text: laughs at herself and shrugs.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (weakly) ’
dialog: Geez...I... okay.
text: Lee's flashes victory.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Alright! Okay. Okay, let’s go.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Wait, no, what about my stuff?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Fuck your stuff. I'll by you new stuff.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No, hang on... not...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Get your shit in a week... seriously.
dialog: It's yer fucking aunt, she's not gonna
dialog: throw it out.
text: A smile curls across Selby’s mouth as if to say that of
dialog: course that’s impossible.
text: ‘Come with Us' by the Chemical Brothers twangs in and
dialog: continues over:
scene_heading: INT. BROWN GRAND PRIX - DAWN
text: Selby, still in her pajamas, cups her hands over her mouth
text: stifling laughter. Lee is possessed. She turns the engine
text: over, throws it into gear and pulls out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: 7 Sorby lurches in the seat. She looks back at the house
text: ¥ disappearing into the distance. .
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Oh lord... Hey where’d you get this car?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Borrowed it.
scene_heading: EXT. K-MART PARKING LOT - MORNING
text: Selby sits in the parked car. Lee approaches with a shopping
text: bag. She jumps in and tosses it to Selby. Selby pulls out ~
text: wads of cheap clothing. She holds up a pair of small mens
dialog: shorts.
speaker_heading: . SELBY
dialog: Who's this for?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: For me... If I’m going dyke, right?
text: Selby pulls out a ski cap.
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRVIEW MOTOR LODGE - DAY
text: An aged sign, years past representing its intended glee,
text: blinks weakly against the sky. The GRAND PRIX pulls through
text: the parking lot, into the alley and disappears behind’ the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Selby leaps backwards into a queen sized bed. The motel room
text: is cheap and tiny: but she sits up and looks around like it’s
dialog: the Taj Mahal.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What do we do?
text: Lee lights a cigarette and tosses Selby a beer. Selby catches
text: it like it’s a revelation and cracks it open.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Whatever you want...
text: Lee throws back a 7-11 coffee, and chases it with a beer.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.)
dialog: To tell you the truth, at first I wasn't
dialog: cf bull shitting. All I wanted was a week.
scene_heading: t EXT. RIDGEWOOD BLVD. - DAY
text: The DREGS OF SOCIETY wander along a line of liquor stores and
dialog: porno shops.
text: Lee pushes through a glut outside of a bar, looking quite
text: different in fully butch attire. Selby follows in hand,
text: delighted by her denizen escort and taking it all in with
dialog: awe.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0O.)
dialog: Between the fact that Selby was heading
dialog: back to some miserable life, and I'd
dialog: probably get caught for what happened
dialog: sooner or later anyway...
scene_heading: INT. SKETCHY CORNER STORE - DAY
text: A blue plastic basket is filled with random food items, beer,
text: sunglasses etc. Selby stares up at a line of bongs.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.)
dialog: I figured the least he could do was
dialog: finance the two of us a little joy.
text: t Lee passes with a handful of cleaning supplies: WINDEX, PAPER
text: TOWELS, PLASTIC GLOVES. She grabs a bong and tosses it in.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Here... souvenir.
scene_heading: INT. BARBER SHOP BATHROOM - DAY
text: Lee leans into a mirror, xeflecting a view of the back of her
text: head into a compact. She wets tissue paper and pats it. It
text: reddens with blood.
speaker_heading: BARBER SHOP
text: Selby is having her hair cut a bit shorter and ever so
text: slightly bolder. Lee exits the bathroom and approaches a
text: waiting barber.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.Q.)
dialog: We had a little money and a little time,
dialog: and that was all that I wanted.
speaker_heading: LEE (MUTED)
dialog: Just the sides and the back, alright?
dialog: Smooth.
text: ct Selby looks over, Lee winks back.
dialog: r
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. THE LAST RESORT - NIGHT
text: A densely packed biker bar teems with local bike clubs. It’s
text: the belly of the beast and Lee proudly escorts Selby in. Her
text: eyes light up as she looks around.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) .
dialog: And man, it delivered. Suddenly I felt
dialog: like I was a part of something. A couple.
dialog: Like those people I'd always watched from
text: afar.
text: They pass CUBBY, a fat bouncer on a stool. He nods through a
text: cigarette as they pass. He and Lee slap hands. .
speaker_heading: LEE (MUTED) _
dialog: Hey this here's my girlfriend...
text: Cubby extends his hand with a nod. Selby awkwardly slaps it.
speaker_heading: SELBY (MUTED)
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: LEE (MUTED)
dialog: Look out for her if you see’r around!
text: Lee points at him for emphasis as they cross to the bar.
speaker_heading: LEE (MUTED) (CONT'D)
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Hey... set us up man. JD with backs.
text: Shots slide onto the counter. Then more. They drunkenly throw
text: them back. Liquor spills down Selby’s chin.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: And no matter how tired I was, or how
dialog: mach I could worry, I was alive. And for
dialog: the first time in years I really felt it.
dialog: So I thought I'd just take what I could
dialog: get as long as I could.
text: Lee throws her arm around Selby. Selby slides into her
text: embrace. They look around at the unphazed crowd. This is
dialog: where this odd couple belongs.
text: Lee and Selby are pulled in. They smile sweetly. Proudly.
dialog: Shyly. Bad teeth and all.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: They lay in each others arms. Lee grips tightly to Selby’s
text: chest. Selby kisses her face gently. They are drunk, happy
dialog: and together.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.) ;
dialog: But the funny thing about the good things
dialog: in life is, once you get a taste, they
dialog: never are enough.
scene_heading: End MUSIC CUE. Fade to BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP -DAY
text: WINDEX splashes onto a pane of glass followed by a furious
text: movement of paper towel. The BROWN GRAND PRIX sits abandoned
text: near a boggy swamp-land.
text: Lee, in the ski cap and gloves, scrubs down the already
text: pristine interior, occasionally leaning back to check her
text: work with a cock eyed squint.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Selby riffles through Lee's things. She finds some money in a
text: shoe box on the dresser. . ’
scene_heading: EXT. DEBBIE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: A cab idles in the driveway. Selby tip toes to the garage.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY
text: The door opens slowly and Selby creeps into the guest room.
text: Her suitcase is packed on the bed. She struggles to lift it
text: with her good arm but it FALLS LOUDLY to the floor. Selby
text: curses. Scurrying footsteps approach.
text: Debbie appears in the door, wiping her hands on a dish towel
text: and holding a cordless phone. Seeing Selby she relaxes.
text: Selby averts her eyes and drags the bag toward the door.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I'm just here to get my stuff. I’m sorry
dialog: about everything, okay. So-
text: Debbie begins dialing the phone.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE SELBY
dialog: Oh no you don’t. Selby, your No-- Debbie. No. I’m not
dialog: father--- has been calling talking to him--
dialog: here---
text: Debbie blocks the door while it rings.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: --night and day. You need to have some
dialog: respect!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEBBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat - then into phone)
dialog: Cc Hello? John?... Um hmmm. Well, she’s here
dialog: v now, hold on.
text: Debbie extends the phone. Selby’s eyes dart anxiously as she
dialog: takes it.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Hello...
speaker_heading: FATHER (ON PHONE)
dialog: (bitterly cold)
dialog: “ What in the good lord's name were you
dialog: thinking?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (trying to own this)
dialog: Hey, look... I met a roommate, so I
dialog: figured I'll stay with her til I can save
dialog: up some money.
speaker_heading: FATHER (ON PHONE)
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: How dare you, you filthy liar! You think
dialog: I can’t read between the lines with your
dialog: dirty little lesbian visitors?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: --Dad--
speaker_heading: FATHER (ON PHONE)
dialog: --You must think I'm a damned fool. Now!
dialog: stop humiliating this family! And you
dialog: will get on a bus--
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (strong)
dialog: No... I’m not coming back.
speaker_heading: FATHER (ON PHONE)
dialog: Oh, yes you will!? You wanna live like a
dialog: street person? You think you won’t be
dialog: crawling back here in two second--
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (breaking)
dialog: No, I won’t! She’s not a street person.
dialog: For your information she makes tons of
dialog: money - more than you... I’m an adult
dialog: Dad, so... just, that’s what I’m doing.
dialog: And I'll send you your money back
speaker_heading: FATHER (ON PHONE)
dialog: I do not want filthy money--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: tC --Fine. Then, bye.
text: Selby juts the phone at Debbie, fighting back tears.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Selby, what are you doing?
text: Selby opens the back door, grabs her bag and walks up the
dialog: driveway.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: FLAMES reach up into the shaded darkness.
text: Pushing in we see the ELECTRICIAN’S BODY SUIT.
text: Lee watches the fire. She sighs and looks up. A patch of blue
text: sky passes above the trees. .
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM — EVENING
text: A roach crawls up the wall. Selby sits on the edge of the bed
text: watching it. She rhythmically sips a beer.
text: a Lee BURSTS through the door.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I quit.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: You quit what?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What‘s yer suitcase doing here?
text: Mixed with fear and disbelief, Selby offers...
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I’m staying.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What?
text: Lee jumps onto the bed and grabs her into a hug. Selby smiles
text: through her pout.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh honey... Oh man, you just made my
dialog: day... How'd you get yer bag?
speaker_heading: cr SELBY
dialog: I took a cab.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Selby pulls out a few remaining bills and hands them to Lee.
text: t Lee flips through them with concern.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (almost to herself)
dialog: All the way there?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: Listen... You can take care of me for a
dialog: bit right? Cause... man...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Honey, I will take care of you. I will.
dialog: In fact...
text: Lee cracks a beer open. Her hair is slightly wild.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D) /
dialog: I'm cleanin up for ya. Quitting hooking.
dialog: No, more. I’ve got you to think of and
dialog: I’m gonna do this right.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Why?
text: t Lee shrugs, trying to formulate a reasonable answer.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Lot of reasons. Cause I should... and I
dialog: hate it. Hate it!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: But I thought it wasn't that bad?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Well it is. - It’s not. Not always but
dialog: now... I don’t know. Why not, I’m not
dialog: stupid, I coulda been whatever I wanted,
dialog: but no, everybody “yer this and yer
dialog: that.” Fuck ‘em. I got you. I got
dialog: everything going for me. And you know?
dialog: We're a couple. That's not fair to you
dialog: for me to be out there.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (so that’s it)
dialog: Oh, well I don’t really mind. I’m not
dialog: jealous if that’s what you mean. It seems
dialog: like good money so?
speaker_heading: co LEE
dialog: So, I'll get a job. Go straight. Career.
dialog: I'll get a career. How ‘bout that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Selby sips on a beer. She wants to believe her.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Alright.
text: Lee pulls out a another and cracks it open. Lee raises it in
text: a toast. They clink cans and throw back their beers.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.)
dialog: I once heard this saying that’s always
dialog: stuck with me. I must have been around 13
dialog: years old, cause I remember I'd just put
dialog: the baby up for adoption.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE LOBBY - DAY
text: A spacious lobby is filled with middle management types. Lee
text: sits among them in a make-shift dress suit two sizes too big,
text: push down suede boots, a dirty briefcase and plastic bag. She
text: looks around, excited.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.)
dialog: They had called an assembly at my Jr.
dialog: High School cause this guy who played
dialog: drums for Slim Whitman was coming to talk
dialog: to us about success and making your mark
dialog: on the world.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: A WOMAN stares over her desk with a befuddled frown. Lee
text: talks excitedly from the other side of the desk.
scene_heading: AILEEN. (V.0O.) LEE (MUTED)
dialog: I was really excited cause he Now... I don’t have any
dialog: was the first real celebrity experience per se but I'ma
dialog: I'd seen and this was just real hard worker and I learn
dialog: exactly the kind of thing I fast...
dialog: wanted to learn how to follow
dialog: in the footsteps of..
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN DAYTONA BEACH - DAY
text: Lee unlocks a dirty bicycle. Checking a folded paper she
text: gawkily straddles the bike with her briefcase, trying hard
dialog: not to be embarrassed.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.Q.)
dialog: ...So I listened really hard to any
dialog: advice he had and sure enough he said
dialog: something that just stuck right in my
dialog: mind. It was - “all you need in life is
dialog: love and to believe in yourself, and then
dialog: there’s nothing you can't do.”
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: t INT. LEGAL OFFICE - DAY
text: Now it’s a MAN AT A DESK - a LAWYER type with no time to
text: spare, growing increasingly irritated. He cuts Lee off.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Okay? So basically you have no
dialog: experience, no resume, no work history...
dialog: no college degree, but now you'd like to
dialog: be... what, a laywer?
text: Lee is frozen.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No. Your ad says you're looking for a
dialog: secretary.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Okay. Then you need to know how to type,
dialog: you need computer skills, most of our
dialog: secretaries have degrees, many even :
dialog: specialize in the law, do you see what
dialog: I'm saying here? I'm sorry I’m not trying
dialog: to be harsh, but frankly it’s a little
dialog: insulting. Okay? I see Daytona Beach, it
dialog: looks like a great time. I'm sure it’s
dialog: te fun but when the party’s over you don't
dialog: suddenly up and get what people have
dialog: worked their entire lives for. Okay?
text: Lee glares at him with hate.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Fuck you man... you don’t know me!
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Okay, great. That's great. See now I wish
dialog: I'd hired you.
dialog: (into intercom)
dialog: Leslie can you please escort Ms. I don't
dialog: even know what her name is because of
dialog: course she doesn't have a resume, out.
text: Lee is up like a bolt of lightning.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I don’t need a fucking escort
dialog: motherfucker.
text: Lee grabs a box of files by the door and pulls them to the
text: ground as she storms out, past the terrified secretary.
dialog: ct
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: ct EXT. BUSY ROAD - DAY
text: Lee slowly pedals down the shoulder. Her briefcase bangs
text: awkwardly against the bike. She is humiliated.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.)
dialog: All you need is love and to believe in
dialog: yourself... Nice idea, It doesn’t exactly
dialog: work out that way but I guess it was
dialog: better to hear a flat out lie, than know
dialog: the truth at 13.
text: The SOUND of laughter fades up.
scene_heading: INT. THE LAST RESORT - NIGHT
text: Lee holds court at the bar. She is slightly drunk and appears
text: happy though: there is something slightly frenetic about her.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: ...so I flung all his shit around, told
dialog: him to fuck himself and kiss my sweet ass
text: and pheewww... out the door.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What did he do?
speaker_heading: - LEE
dialog: Nothing. Not one thing. I'll bet nobody's
dialog: talked to him like that in his life. Man,
dialog: it was great... Office jobs! shit, who
dialog: even wants a job like that? fuckin’ sit
dialog: at a desk, blah, blah, blah, eat ass all
dialog: the time.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I thought you did?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Well I did, but you know what? It's no
dialog: different. See before, hooking I thought
dialog: I was just seeing this one side of men
dialog: but it’s all the same. Whether you're
dialog: working with ‘em or they're fucking you.
dialog: It's all about fucking you, one way or
dialog: the other... and lying... And see that’s
dialog: some bad shit cause actually you know
dialog: what? I’ve been thinking about this - our
dialog: real problem here goes way further than
dialog: just one on one, you know what I’m
dialog: saying?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: tr
dialog: a
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (thinking hard)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (as if it were obvious)
dialog: I’m seriously concerned on a larger level
dialog: about the state of our world!? And why;
dialog: same shit... You got politics, business -
dialog: war and it's all the same as the
text: cocksuckers braggin and fighting on the
dialog: street. Either way it’s cause men got a
dialog: small dick or some power complex?! Like
text: in the bible, the two sexes, god makes
dialog: one the right way: women- but with the
dialog: men here we've got a fatal flaw.
dialog: Procreation: fucking... and on the other
dialog: side here you've got technology. You see
dialog: what I'm saying? .
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Lee, what...? Fine. But we're broke.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Cubby... two more here.
dialog: (to Selby)
dialog: I know that! I’ know that?! You think I
dialog: don’t have shit lined up?
text: Cubby slowly approaches and leans in quietly.
speaker_heading: CUBBY
dialog: Honey, I can’t run you a tab like this.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Cubby god damn it, how long have I been a
dialog: customer? Cut me some slack here.
text: Cubby sighs and gives in against his better judgement.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Lee, look, why don‘t you just... you
dialog: know, just for a day or so--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I don’t have to fucking hook Selby?!
dialog: That's not what I’m saying.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I’m not saying it either. But Lee, you
dialog: said... Man, I’m sitting in that room all
dialog: day without a dime?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: Ct
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: And I'm twisting your arm to do something
dialog: you don’t wanna do but--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I got shit lined up... don’t-- It’s taken
dialog: care of, alright?
speaker_heading: : SELBY
dialog: Well, the manager’s come by every hour
dialog: saying he's gonna throw us out--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No he’s not. You're overreacting.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: --and then what? Then I'm... fucked--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: --No. Man, you think all these men I know
dialog: I don’t have fucking connections? ,
text: Lee lights a cigarette and looks away. Selby isn’t reassured.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: AN APPLICATION
text: Lee’s scrawled name and the address to the Fairview Motel are
text: the only thing on it, leaving most of it blank.
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: (whispering confidentially)
dialog: See, I’m being really honest with you
dialog: here okay... the truth is... I’ma
dialog: hooker... or I been a hooker for a long
dialog: time but I‘m trying to clean up my life
dialog: and be, like, a good Christian, so if you
dialog: can please just help me... Just
dialog: anything... anything.
scene_heading: EMPLOYMENT OFFICE
text: A black woman looks up, unmoved.
scene_heading: EMPLOYMENT AGENT
dialog: Ma'am, I'd say maybe factory work is
dialog: about what you can get here but--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Okay. What’s that pay?
scene_heading: EMPLOYMENT AGENT
dialog: Minimum. 3.25 but..
dialog: {to a man across the room)
dialog: Todd!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: t A man turns from a nearby desk. Lee shoots a furious glance.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Wait--
scene_heading: EMPLOYMENT AGENT
dialog: {to Todd)
dialog: --Do we even have any factory work
dialog: available?...
dialog: (off his head shake)
dialog: How ‘bout Sunbeam?
text: Lee kicks the desk and it slams back. The agent slides back
text: and looks away, with a civil servant's maddening lack of
text: emotion. Lee stands up calmly.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Okay, well thank you very much then.
dialog: um... Let me know if you--
text: The Agent hums to herself as if Lee weren't there, and gets
text: up and walks away.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, I was trying to be... fuck you!
text: She kicks the desk again, hard. TODD and the rest of the room
text: busy themselves with their work indifferently.
scene_heading: INT. DRUG STORE - DAY
text: The SNACK FOOD AISLE is lined high with delights. Selby scans
text: it hungrily.
text: She picks up a bag of chips, then sees the candy bars.
text: Pulling out two crumpled dollars she frowns in indecision.
text: She puts back the candy bar, but notices a different one.
text: Finally looks around nervously and starts shoving them into
text: her pocket.
text: JUSTINE, a young tidy looking employee rounds the corner with
text: a hand duster.
text: Selby freezes.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: Hey... are you stealing?!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: I... I... No. I’m so-- hungry. I’ve never
dialog: stole before...
text: Justine frowns but softens slightly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MANAGER (O.S.)
dialog: (from the next aisle)
dialog: What's going on?
text: Selby dissolves. Her eyes plead with Justine.
text: The manager comes around the corner with a cash tray. Justine
text: frowns at Selby then turns to him.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: She bought these an hour ago and wants to
dialog: exchange them.
text: The manager frowns with disinterest and continues on. Selby
text: exhales with relief.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Make sure to note that in the inventory.
dialog: Code 75.
text: Justine rolls her eyes and nods Selby to go.
scene_heading: EXT. DRUG STORE ~ DAY
text: Selby walks down the barren business road, humiliated. She
text: eats her candy bar with a pout.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSINESS ROAD ~ DAY
text: Lee walks down the sidewalk, with the newspaper clutched
text: beneath her arm. People impatiently pass her with sideways
text: glances. A man leers and she fights her pride and leans
text: toward him.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (quiet as she can)
dialog: Spare some change?
text: He hands her a few coins. Lee forces a smile, but clenches
text: her teeth with hatred as soon as she turns.
text: In the far distance, a COP CAR quietly approaches and veers
text: onto the shoulder behind her. It slowly closes in.
text: Pulling beside her the siren CHIRPS.
text: PUSH IN on LEE. She freezes. Dread washes over her.
text: The car stops and the cop gets out. Lee turns in a panic.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Ma‘am.. I'm afraid I’m going to have to
dialog: ask you to come with me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She stumbles back, debating whether to run and desperately
text: a trying to read him. He steps closer.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: --Why?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: We've had some complaints.
text: He grabs her arm and pulls her toward the backseat. She jerks
text: her bag awkwardly as if trying to ditch it but is lowered
text: into the car with it - and the GUN.
scene_heading: INT. COP CAR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lee is dying.
dialog: . LEE .
dialog: What‘d they complain? Cause I just got
dialog: up? I had a day off. I just came out.
speaker_heading: CoP
dialog: A day off?
text: Lee is confused and stammers.
text: tf He laughs. The car turns into an underground parking garage
speaker_heading: COP (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s a day off for a whore? You go to
dialog: church or something?
text: Their eyes are locked. Her mind racing. They slow to a stop.
text: He cuts the engine and turns with a grin.
speaker_heading: COP (CONT’D)
dialog: You don’t remember me?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Busted you not 8 months ago for tricking
dialog: on 95.
dialog: (she remembers}
dialog: Went real easy on you? So it seems to me
dialog: you might owe me one.
text: Lee exhales. Then her memory returns and she sneers.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: tf Easy on me? You almost broke my jaw.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Please, did you do time? Come on.
text: He nods to the front seat. Lee sneers, tucks her bag away and
text: tries to open the door.
speaker_heading: COP (CONT'D)
dialog: Climb over. :
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING GARAGE - DAY
text: The sun beats down on the sidewalk throwing the descending
text: entrance ‘into pitch darkness. HOLD for a long BEAT before,
text: slowly a figure steps into the light.
text: LEE walks out tired and defeated. She passes a trash can and
text: throws the newspaper. Suddenly she doubles back and looks
text: inside. Reaches inside she pulls it back out.
text: Her expression, first anxious, slowly calms.
dialog: ECU of the front page crime beat section:
text: "the body of a 51 year old male.. RICHARD
dialog: MALLORY.. police have no leads.. drug-
dialog: related robbery.”
text: CHIRP CHIRP...
text: The cop car rolls by. The cop nods with a cruel smile. Lee
text: grins and waves as if they were good friends. The cop’s smile
text: fades. Lee looks cold as ice as he drives away.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - LATE DAY
text: Selby lays in the dark. She looks at her bag, which is packed
text: by the door. A loud RAPPING outside, then Lee’s booming voice
text: in the distance.
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey man.. guess what? My mom is wiring
dialog: what I owe you okay?... I’m serious!
text: Selby sits up, confused, as Lee bursts in. Her energy is
text: strangely off-kilter. She flips on the lights.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Hey. That’s it man. Fuck it. I give up.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: cr
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Lee begins
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Getting a job!? Fuuuck... I’m done. I
dialog: don't even care either. They offered me
dialog: shit but who needs chump change, fucking,
dialog: minimum wage bullshit.
text: changing. There is a BEAT as Selby takes this in.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What's that you called you mom?- I
dialog: thought your mom was dead?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No, that’s my grandma.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: She‘s wiring money?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Nahhh, She wouldn’t even talk to me.
dialog: Fucking hung up on me saying "I don't
dialog: know you” blah blah blah. Fucking bitch.
dialog: Fuck her--
text: A LAMP hurls into Lee with a CRASH. She looks up at Selby
text: with incredulous rage. Tears well in Selby’s eyes.
dialog: Why'd you
dialog: me--
dialog: Lee jumps
dialog: struggles
speaker_heading: SELBY LEE
dialog: fucking do this to Hey-~
text: across the room and grabs Selby by the wrists. She
text: but Lee holds her on the bed.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: --Why'd you ask me to stay here fucking
dialog: starving? --
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Would you let me fucking finish I’m
dialog: saying I’m gonna hook--
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: --Oh yeah? Now yer gonna hook? You wait
dialog: til I’m dying? You make me your fucking
dialog: pimp? You told me that’s what you did!
dialog: Why keep me here if you wanted to change
dialog: yer fucking life? Huh?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Cause I thought I could--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a
dialog: ct
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED! (2)
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: --You said we're gonna party, party,
dialog: party. Well it hasn’‘t been a fucking
dialog: party! And what’da you do? Nothing--
text: Lee pulls Selby's arms down and fixes her with an intense
dialog: stare.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: God damn it calm down Selby!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: --Nothing. You didn’t give a shit. And
dialog: that’s mean Lee. You took advantage of me
dialog: and it’s not my fault but I don’t know
dialog: why?--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: --You wanna know why, huh?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yeah I really do--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: ---Cause I fucking killed someone.
text: Selby’s angry sneer vanishes. Her eyes widen like saucers.
text: Lee shoves her back on the bed.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D (CONT'D)
dialog: I killed someone. The night I stood you
dialog: up. I got raped, beat to fuck and was
dialog: gonna get killed but I didn’t wanna lose
dialog: you and all I could think about was how
dialog: you'd never know I meant to be there and
dialog: you'd think I stood you up for the rest
dialog: of your life and I couldn't stand to die
dialog: knowing you coulda loved me... sol
dialog: fucking killed him. Shot him dead.
dialog: Alright?
text: Selby's eyes flutter with emotion. Lee looks away, fighting
text: back tears. She clears them with a shake of her head and
text: descends into anger.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay? So go alright?
text: She jumps up and grabs Selby’s suitcase and throws it towards
text: the door. Selby chokes with pain.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: There's your fucking bag-
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: tC
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Lee --
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: -~- Now you know me! So fucking run like
dialog: the wind--
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I don’t wanna leave--
text: Selby crawls off the bed and tries to touch Lee but Lee yanks
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (sing song bitterness)
dialog: Oh sure ya do honey? They all do, don’t
dialog: worry. "“Lee‘ll be fine.” You don’t wanna
dialog: bother with this. I‘m just a lot of
dialog: trouble. .
text: Lee starts crying despite her spitting anger. Selby pulls at
text: her and finally Lee falls into her arms sobbing.
text: They slide onto the floor. Lee’s discomfort is apparent and
text: her face contorts in a battle to tuck these emotions back
text: away. They both breathe heavily, catching their breath.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: I had to do it, Sell.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I’m sure you did... So, what's gonna
dialog: happen now?
text: Lee pulls out the article and tosses it in Selby's lap.
speaker_heading: LEE
text: Nothin’. It's already over.
text: Selby is visibly relieved and picks up the article. The
text: picture of RICHARD MALLORY looks out from the crease.
text: Lee studies her. Hope, an emotion she isn’t used to, plays
text: awkwardly in her eyes. She pats them dry.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (absorbing it anew)
dialog: He would've killed you.
text: Lee nods with shared disbelief. Selby shakes her head.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: It had to be done.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: cr
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: This thing’s coming off...
dialog: (re: the cast)
dialog: I can get a job.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Nah, I'm goin’ back. I've been doing it
dialog: since I was 14?! What do I care? Tell you
dialog: the truth I’m dying to do something?! You
dialog: think yer starvin’? I gave you all the
dialog: food!?
text: They both laugh. Selby pouts in sympathy and pets Lee’s hair.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT‘D) .
dialog: I even wanted to before but I was just so
dialog: scared of getting caught. But we're
dialog: straight... .
text: Lee stands strongly. Selby looks at her. Now?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: How long you gonna be gone?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Not long... We'll be fine, alright? It’s
dialog: all good now.
text: Selby nods.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Cars whip down the narrow southern highway.
text: Lee's face is made-up. She drags on a cigarette, intensely
text: watching the cars approach. Not quite as fine as she had
text: boasted, but coping. She takes a deep breath and raises her
text: hand into the night.
text: Cars whip past and disappear into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: ANGLE through the windshield of blackness. Branches
text: momentarily illuminate then whip from view as the car passes.
text: REVERSE to WILL, a heavy set older man at the wheel. Lee sits
text: next to him. Her eyes move around nervously. She is ramped
text: up. He eyes her greedily as they slow to a stop.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You got a wet pussy?
text: He starts rubbing himself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: cr
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah of course.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You like to fuck?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Sure, but let’s get this out of the way
dialog: here. Money first... Let’s see it.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Jesus, you'd think nobody'd ever talked
dialog: “ dirty to you before.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah... No, I just like to settle.
text: They look at ‘each other for a beat.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You wanna call me daddy while I fuck you?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I'll try. Why, you like to fuck your
dialog: kids?
text: Will is horrified.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Nothin’... I’m just playing with you.
dialog: Seriously, I wanna call you daddy. Daddy.
dialog: See? I do it all the time.
text: He slowly warms.
text: He flips through his wallet and pulls out two twenties.
text: ANGLE through the windshield as he struggles to undress.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Forty dollars?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah forty. What do you think? This is
dialog: some good shit here.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay fine. Why don’t you take your pants
dialog: off?
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You wanna suck it too?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: That's...
text: She falls silent, suddenly losing interest in her own shtick.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Come on you take yours off!
text: Lee is frozen.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hang, on.
text: Will starts jerking off.
text: PUSH IN on LEE. She stares ahead without blinking. Finally
text: she takes a breath, gets it together and “unbuttons her coat.
text: She tucks it away into her bag... -
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I'll bet you're real sweet, huh. I’1l bet
dialog: you can’t get enough-
text: ...She comes up with the gun.
speaker_heading: CRACK!
text: He slams against the door, his face locked in a grimace of
dialog: shock.
speaker_heading: CRACK!
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: The door opens and Will spills, half naked out to the ground.
text: LEE crawls over the seat and looks down in amazement.
text: His body begins jerking in the throws of death. Still
text: conscious, he gurgles in question.
text: LEE empties the barrel into his chest, trying to stop the
text: CONVULSING. Momentarily repulsed, Lee sits back in the seat.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (light)
dialog: You‘re a child molester. Child molester.
dialog: Fucking child molester.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: a EXT. WOODS - LATER
text: Lee stands next to the car smoking a cigarette and studying
text: the body out of the corner of her eye. Stubbing out her
text: cigarette, she moves towards him and pulls out his wallet.
text: It's full of money. She flips through business cards,
text: reciepts and pulls out a photo.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Ha!
text: She holds a photo up to the corpse. The school photo shows a
text: smiling young girl.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: What is that man? See?
text: Lee tosses the wallet into the car and stares at him. Her
text: emotions are all over the place but she breathes herself into
text: a calm and begins to undress.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The Cadillac barrels by.
scene_heading: tr INT. CADILLAC - CONTINUOUS
text: Lee smokes a cigarette, hums to herself, tries to whistle and
text: checks the road and car dials.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Selby lays in bed watching television. Sitcom LAUGH TRACK and
text: stupidly chipper quips roar from the set.
text: The Cadillac PEELS IN outside. Selby looks out the window and
text: sits up hopefully. Lee flies in the door.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey... so you need some money?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Oh, alright...
text: She tosses a handful of cash towards Selby.
text: SLOW MOTION OF THE BILLS cascading down on Selby. She looks
text: cr around wondrously.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Holy...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She starts LAUGHING.
dialog: tc
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No problem?
text: Lee starts stuffing things from her pockets into a box.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: It was okay?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah. It was fine. Look. I’m unna wash
dialog: up.
text: Lee goes into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: There’ s hundreds of dollars here?!
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: I know... I told you. I‘m good.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Oh my god...
text: ct Selby grips it to her with joyous relief.
text: After a beat her eyes drift up to the CADILLAC with
text: confusion. Looking back to the money, she flips through it.
text: The bathroom door knob turns in Selby’s hand but it’s locked.
text: The shower turns on inside.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: ...Lee?
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: Hang on, baby. I gotta wash up here.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Oh. Hey... where'd you get the car?
text: A long beat passes. Selby tenses.
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: Remember Thomas? I was out on 95 so I
dialog: called him to pick me up? He let me
dialog: borrow it so we can move...
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: tC (happily distracted)
dialog: We‘’re moving?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: cr
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 4
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah, fuck this place, right?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Oh man. Can we get a big place with a
dialog: kitchen?
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Lee washes her hands in the sink. She laughs to herself.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Whatever you want baby. Whatever you
dialog: want.
text: Standing up, Lee looks in the mirror with a smile. Her head
text: cocks curiously as she takes herself in.
text: WIDEN to reveal her naked body COVERED IN BLOOD.
text: Lee takes it in with unphazed curiosity: After a beat she
text: steps into the shower. The steaming spray hits her body.
text: BLOOD spirals into the drain.
text: LEE watches. Water streams down her cheeks.
speaker_heading: BILEEN (V.0O.)
dialog: Life is so strange. It's hard, but it’s
dialog: also funny how things can be so different
dialog: than you might think.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS of her washing her body.
speaker_heading: RILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The first time I realized that I remember
dialog: thinkin’ it was sad. Every year the 4-H
dialog: club would set up a big carnival in my
dialog: neighborhood and right smack in the
dialog: middle of it...
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - LATER
text: Selby sits looking at the cash.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: ...was this beautiful, gigantic Ferris
text: Wheel that lit up in the night sky. As a
dialog: kid, I thought it was about the coolest
dialog: thing I'd ever seen. They called it THE
scene_heading: MONSTER.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED?
text: The bathroom door opens and Lee steps out with a towel on.
text: Steam lingers out after her. She winks at Selby and jumps
text: into the cash next to her.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: All summer I'd sit in my bedroom window
text: and watch it turn, just dreaming of what
dialog: it would feel like to ride on.
text: Lee scoops up a handful of bills and extends them to Selby.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: It’s all yours.
text: Selby takes the money. Her tense expression calms into
text: wonder. Lee flops back onto the bed. Selby studies her
text: peaceful face and relaxes. It can't be. Selby starts neatly
text: stacking the bills. Lee lights a cigarette and watches her.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.)
dialog: I thought for sure it would feel like
dialog: flying. So when I was old enough, after
dialog: years of thinking about it I finally got
dialog: my chance.
scene_heading: EXT. DAYTONA BEACH - NIGHT
text: The lights and signs of the bustling nightlife blur past.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: I'll tell you, I waited in line all day
dialog: and I've never been so excited since, but
dialog: sure enough...
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - CONTINUOUS
text: Lee grips Selby’s hand. Selby looks out the window. Their
text: belongings are piled high behind them. The front seat is
text: lined with fast food bags.
text: Close on Selby. The neon colors reflect from her face as she
text: watches the world drift by.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: I was so nauseous and scared I threw up
dialog: all over myself before it even made a
dialog: full turn.
text: Selby’s hand waves out the window. After a beat she returns
text: to her burger. She smiles at Lee as she chomps it down.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: cr INT. THE LAST RESORT - NIGHT
text: They sit in the corner. Lee is really drunk, refills their
text: glasses from a pitcher. Selby sips hers.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: And that's what I mean. In my life it's
dialog: always been the harmless stuff that hurt
dialog: the most..
text: Selby looks away, distracted. A group of bikers laugh at the
text: bar. Selby smiles along.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: +.-and the thing so horrible you can't
dialog: even imagine it is usually a lot easier
dialog: than you think.
text: Lee watches them slightly more aggressively.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.) (CONT'D) .
dialog: You never really know until you're the
text: one standing there.
scene_heading: INT. MERVYN'S STYLE OUTLET STORE - DAY
text: Ct Selby's wrist, pink from the freshly removed cast: is adorned
text: with gold bangles and turns with the thrill of movement.
scene_heading: THREE WAY MIRROR
text: Selby admires a new look that can only be described as ghetto
text: lesbian fabulous: head to toe in men‘s sports apparel topped
text: with ostentatious fake gold jewelry.
text: Lee sits next to an overflowing shopping cart in the bored
text: husband chairs. She watches with intense satisfaction.
text: Selby pulls off a necklace, scrutinizes it and walks away.
text: Lee tracks the passing customers. A man nears and she smiles
text: at him coldly, knowingly. He looks away.
scene_heading: JEWELRY COUNTER
text: An UPTIGHT MANAGER hands a clerk a cash tray and they walk
dialog: away.
text: Selby rushes over and tosses the necklace down.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: tr This one’s too heavy...
text: She notices a line of personalized name plate pendants.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: Cr SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, how much are those? You got all the
dialog: names?
text: The MANAGER looks around for someone else to help to no
text: avail. He comes around the counter to open the case.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you have a lot of the S's?
text: Someone passes with a cart. He pulls her in to clear the way.
text: FROM AN APPROACHING POV we see them. His hand on Selby’s arm.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Ma‘am, I think it‘ll be easier if you
dialog: just tell me your name?
text: The ANGLE rushes in and suddenly
text: He is SHOVED, HARD. Selby stumbles back as Lee bursts over
text: her shoulder.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Take yer fucking hands off her!
text: FLAILING BACKWARDS, he SLAMS into a rack of sunglasses
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (vicious)
dialog: Why you need to know her name? Huh?...
dialog: She didn’t do nothing!?
text: Selby stutters to defend him but is too stunned.
text: The MANAGER regains his balance, raises his hands to calm
text: her. Lee’s hand PLUNGES INTO HER BAG. She flashes a
text: challenging smile.
text: Selby is horrified. Selby has never seen this Lee before. She
text: can only muster a weak head shake.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT’D)
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Fuck him asking your name, right?
text: Lee's eyes drift down to the case then up to Selby. Suddenly
text: she understands. Selby shakes her head weakly. Lee looks away
text: angrily then shields her embarrassment with a sneer.
speaker_heading: ct LEE (CONT‘D)
dialog: Fuck this place!...
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: fF «ce nods “let's go” but Selby is frozen by the cart. Lee
text: * pauses uncertainly, then pulls out the roll of bills with a
text: cold and showy grin. She peels them off onto the counter.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (sickeningly sweet)
dialog: _ Fine, you buy whatever you want.
dialog: (louder for show)
dialog: Cause there's plenty more where that came
dialog: from...
text: She spins on her heels and walks away.
text: Selby turns apologetically to the MANAGER. He blinks at her
text: blankly. Across the room, the door SLAMS OPEN as Lee exits.
text: Selby slides the necklace away and scoops up the cash.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I’m sorry... she's... she’s...
text: At a loss, she gives up, grabs her cart, rushes ‘toward the
dialog: register.
scene_heading: EXT. MERVYN'S STYLE OUTLET STORE - DAY
text: t Lee stands by the door, smoking a cigarette. Selby exits with
text: an armload of bags and an apprehensive frown.
text: Lee grabs the bags and begins walking around the building.
text: Selby skip steps behind her like a child.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Lee... he was just asking cause--—
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I don’t care why!? Why you fucking chit
text: chatting with everyone all the time.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (incredulous )
dialog: Chit chat?... You never let me talk to
dialog: anyone!
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah, cause you got a big mouth...
text: Behind the store the CADILLAC sits parked in the barren
text: distance. Selby falls back behind her.
text: Lee curses to herself and turns to her.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ct Sell, hey, you're not used to this life,
dialog: I know, but... you can’t be telling
dialog: anyone our business.
text: Selby doesn’t want to hear it and continues towards the car.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Why, cause you're a hooker? So what,
dialog: Lee?! There not gonna bust you for
dialog: hooking at Mervy--
text: Lee grabs her by the arm, spins her back and fixes her with
text: an intense smile.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No, because I said so.
text: PUSH IN on Selby. Fear flickers into hurt. Her lip quivers.
text: Lee lets her go then reaches out and rubs her arm with
dialog: concern.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (soft)
dialog: I‘m sorry... I’m just trying to protect
dialog: Ce you.
text: Selby nods through a pout and walks toward the car. Lee picks
text: up the bags and takes them to the trunk.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: The CADILLAC slowly pulls in the driveway.
scene_heading: I/E CADILLAC - DAY
text: Lee pops the trunk and pulls out the last few dollars.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I’m going out. Here... Why don’t you
dialog: order yerself a nice pizza or something.
text: Selby takes the money, climbs out and goes to the trunk. Lee
text: leans out the window making nice.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT’D)
dialog: I love you... love ya honey. Hey, I hate
dialog: fighten’... How bout I buy ya some shoes
dialog: tomorrow?
text: tr Selby unloads the bags.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: - : Awright...
text: Selby lumbers back towards the door with a weak but forgiving
text: smile as the car backs out. Lee takes a long drag from her
dialog: cigarette.
dialog: : cUT TO:
text: CU ON LEE, slowly exhaling.
text: WIDEN OUT to see, Lee is in a passenger seat.
scene_heading: INT. BRONCO ~- LATE DAY
text: GENE, a burly man in a workman's uniform, pulls to the side
text: of a wooded road. Lee glances at the back of the truck and
text: fixes him with a knowing smile. .
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: So where you like to fuck, in the back?
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: Yeah? I'll bet you get rough back there?
text: He shrugs again.
speaker_heading: et LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: . Huh? You like it rough?
text: He looks at her and smiles. She laughs to herself, pulls her
text: bag close and reaches inside.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah... quiet type, huh? I know the type.
dialog: You're the kind who can get real nasty...
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Why don’t you say it, though. Tell me...
text: He grips the wheel and smiles. Her jaw sets. Her hand slowly
text: moves around and settles.
speaker_heading: GENE
dialog: I... I...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Cat got yer tongue?
speaker_heading: GENE
dialog: (softer- spits it out)
dialog: I... d-d-d-don’t like it rough.
text: a Embarrassment flashes across his face. He looks away. Lee
text: takes him in. A quiet beat passes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (quieter)
dialog: So what do you like?
text: Gene's mouth struggles to produce words and finally he just
text: shrugs. He looks away in shame, fumbles in his jacket pocket
text: and pulls out his wallet.
speaker_heading: GENE
dialog: I ne- I never done this before. B-b-b-but
dialog: I got...
text: He gives'up and shows it to her. There is plenty of money.
text: Lee drags on her cigarette, her eyes drift up to him. She
dialog: nods.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Why don’t you take off your pants.
text: Lee's right hand stays in the bag. She crushes out the
text: cigarette with her left. He puts the wallet on the dash, and
text: pulls his pants down.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM OUTSIDE - THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD
text: He stares ahead nervously. She reaches to her bag, and moves
text: it. Then slowly, reaches across his lap and begins jerking
dialog: him off. : ,
text: She instantly works him into a quick frenzy of guttural
text: grunts of pleasure. His eyes squeeze shut in an awkward
text: climax and she pulls back her hand and wipes it off.
text: His eyes open and fill with shame.
text: He smiles appreciatively and pulls up his pants.
speaker_heading: GENE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: You’re welcome.
text: He grabs his wallet and extends it. She pulls out a twenty
text: and winks.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: A Ford F-150 slows to the shoulder. An aging hick leans to
text: the window. Lee climbs in and the truck pulls away.
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: Thanks for the ride.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: £
speaker_heading: Cr HICK (0.S.)
dialog: I'll give you a ride if you’ll give me
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: LEE(O.S.)
dialog: Yeah? You like it rough?
text: The tail lights disappear into the darkness, followed by the
dialog: familiar
speaker_heading: CRACK!
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Selby bolts up in bed.
text: The tiny bedroom is dark. She looks at the clock. It's 5:22
text: am. MUSIC softly drifts from the other room.
scene_heading: LIVINGROOM .
text: Swiss Army scissors carefully cut a square out of a
text: newspaper. Lee leans drunkenly on a coffee table lined with
text: beer cans. She clips the article out and places it on top of
dialog: others.
text: tc The two-room apartment is decorated with an assortment of
text: fake furnishings: cardboard box tables, cinder block shelves,
text: lamps with colorful fabric draped over them.
text: Selby leans in from the bedroom.
text: Lee grabs the articles and tries to stuff them subtly into
text: her pocket but her drunkeness exaggerates the fumbling
dialog: movement to anything but.
text: Selby squints at her obliviously.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (sleepy)
dialog: When’d you get in?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey... hey sugar...Lil while ago. You
dialog: wanna beer?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (laughs a yawn)
dialog: No... Aren’t you coming to bed?
text: cr Lee looks up with almost painful joy.
speaker_heading: LEE
text: In a minute.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: #
text: (7 selby nods, shrugs and returns into the bedroom.
text: Lee reaches and misses her beer, then picks it up. She
text: laughs, near tears as if absorbing a beautiful thing. She
text: hums emotionally with the radio as she takes a long swig.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: Lee lays motionless on the couch, the articles still hanging
text: half out of her pocket.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SELBY
text: looking down at her. She is dressed.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Lee... Lee...
text: She looks around at the livingroom. Heavy drapes are drawn
text: and it is dark. She leans to the window and pulls one back.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: NO...
text: ct Selby pulls it shut. Lee falls back to sleep. Selby crouches
text: t next to her.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Lee?... Lee...
text: Lee doesn’t move.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: Selby sits on the stairs, shielding her eyes from the light.
scene_heading: INT. DRUG STORE - DAY
text: Selby enters the site of her "theft” and looks around. She is
text: dressed as she was in Mervyn's.
text: Customers and employees mill around. In the distance, Justine
text: leans over a magazine at the photo counter.
speaker_heading: PHOTO COUNTER
text: She flips a fashion page with a laugh, and looks up. Selby
text: stands there smiling.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: ct Hey, ‘member me?
text: Justine flashes mock disapproval.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 5
speaker_heading: tr JUSTINE
dialog: Candy bars.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yeah. Listen, I came to pay you back.
dialog: I... I never do stuff like that.
text: She touches the cross around her neck for proof.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I was just out of my mind hungry. I'd
dialog: broke my arm, see, and couldn't work.
text: Justine smiles, amused. Selby hands her a twenty.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: 1 don't think it was that much.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Whatever. You were real nice about it.
text: Justine checks out her new appearance with a flirtatious
dialog: smile.
text: Selby tense with confusion then smiles self- consciously. She
text: t lingers awkwardly.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - LATE DAY”
text: cU Lee. She lays on the kitchen floor, dressed and intently
text: staring under the fridge.
text: Off screen the DOOR JANGLES open and she jumps up. Selby
text: comes in the door with groceries.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey! Where were you?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: out. What‘re you doing?
text: Selby puts the bags on a bar linking the kitchen and
dialog: livingroom.
speaker_heading: LEE
text: There's a mouse down there.
text: Selby stumbles back. Her face tense with fear. Lee laughs.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: cr Did you get it?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No. It’s just a little mouse. Look at em.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She pulls Selby into the kitchen and they both lean down
dialog: ft under the fridge. .
text: ANGLE under the fridge. A tiny mouse sits trapped in the
dialog: corner.
text: Selby gets up and brushes herself off.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Ew... Kill it.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (sad)
dialog: No, he’s just a poor little mouse. He's
dialog: so scared...Did you get any cheese?
text: Selby looks down at Lee, who squeeks to the mouse.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Ughh... No. But I did get... a job.
text: Lee smile disappears. She gets up. Selby unpacks groceries.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: te SELBY
dialog: Because... we need the money.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: But I just gave you money.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Well, see now it’s gone... Besides, I
dialog: want my own money so I can do stuff...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Like whadda you wanna do?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Travel. Get a a.car - a permanent car...
dialog: go to Six flags.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I’ll take you to Six Flags!
text: She pulls out her money desperately but it’s only a few
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT‘D)
dialog: I mean, not now, but...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: cr SELBY
dialog: That's not even just the point, Lee. I
dialog: wanna... get outta here.
text: Lee's face drains white with panic.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: No, not leave. Just on a regular basis.
text: Selby cracks open a beer and walks over to the couch. Lee is
text: out of her mind. She grabs a beer, storms into the bedroom
text: and slams the door.
scene_heading: INT. DRUG STORE - DAY
text: Selby pushes a mop across the floor. Beneath her smock she is
text: decked out in her coolest butch attire and does her best to
text: walk with a swagger. She glances over at the register.
text: Justine rings in a customer. Justine looks over his shoulder
text: and makes a face.
speaker_heading: STORE ROOM
text: Justine, Selby and two other employees sit around on folding
text: chairs smoking cigarettes and eating junk food. Selby is in
text: tr heaven and almost mimics Lee to a tee. They all listen with
text: wide eyed grins.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: «.. So boom I‘m like, no way
text: motherfucker, and I flip his chair over,
text: threw his stuff around and stormed out.
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, who wants an office job anyway...
dialog: fucking office job... you know?
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: What ‘d he do?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Nothing... Not one thing.
scene_heading: PHOTO COUNTER - NIGHT
text: Selby and Justine lean over the photo counter flipping
text: through photographs. Selby is truly enjoying it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: fr
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: «+. that's my brother. He's awesome.
dialog: Track star. Um and this is all of us.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Good looking family.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: (blushes)
dialog: Yeah? Well, we're super tight. As soon as
dialog: I finish dental assistant school I’m
text: gonna move closer.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yeah that’s nice. I miss my family.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: Don’t you? Me too. And my friends... my
dialog: church. Everything about home really.”
text: Selby nods, sentimental.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE (CONT’D)
text: (nodding to an old photo booth)
dialog: Oh -- did Chris show you the trigger?
text: Selby shakes her head.
scene_heading: EXT. PHOTO BOOTH - NIGHT
text: The curtain pulls shut.
text: A flash goes off. FADE TO BLACK.
text: A black and white PHOTO STRIP STILL of Selby and Justine.
text: Laughing. It fades
scene_heading: INT. PHOTO BOOTH - NIGHT
text: They sit close together and laugh at their performance.
text: A FLASH jumps to: A SERIES of FADING SHOTS
text: They make funny faces.
text: They almost jumping out of the seats.
text: Selby grins. Justine kisses her on the cheek.
text: Selby and Justine look at each other.
text: Selby and Justine touch lips in an innocent kiss.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: tC LIVE ACTION
text: They pull back. Selby leans in again, pushing for more.
text: Justine’s lips remained closed but willing. They pull apart.
text: Justine blushes. Selby laughs.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Well that’s pretty cool.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: Yeah... the trigger’s great. Works on
dialog: most of these old ones.
text: They laugh awkwardly.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay... one last time?
text: Justine pulls back the curtain.
text: LEE stands behind it. INTENSE and strangely dressed.
text: They both leap with fright.
text: Lee hold a different photo strip of them. Selby pushes past
text: Ct Justine, who is motionless, and nervously jumps to Lee.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (slightly upset)
dialog: Hey... She was just showing me the
text: machine.
dialog: (to Justine)
dialog: This is Lee... my girlfriend..
text: Justine’s face falls in fear. She slowly slides out. Lee
text: extends her hand intensely. Justine takes it.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Teaching my girlfriend a few things?
text: Justine averts her eyes downward.
text: DRIED BLOOD peeks out from under Lee’s sleeve.
text: Justine lets go:quickly. Lee pulls back her arm defensively.
text: Selby didn’t notice but laughs nervously and hovers in front
text: of the photo slot. Justine walks back towards the photo
text: counter and Selby pulls Lee along.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: cr LEE
dialog: I'm picking you up. Or if you’re not
dialog: off... we can just hang out.
text: Selby looks at her watch then looks around.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: (trying to sound casual)
dialog: Oh, Denny‘s gone but I’m the manager
dialog: after hours, so, go ahead.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: - Yer the manager?
text: Justine nods. Lee leers at her. Towering over her.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT’D)
dialog: Hmmm. So you don’t mind if I borrowed
dialog: some stuff?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No-- Lee.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What? She’s the fucking manager? And yer
dialog: obviously so buddy buddy.
text: Selby is mortified and begins pulling on her sleeve.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No, I’ve got money...
text: Lee locks eyes with Justine. Justine is terrified.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I don’t need your money! Besides, she
dialog: doesn’t mind.
text: Lee walks toward the freezers and pulls out a six pack. Selby
text: shrugs apologetically at Justine, who nods anxiously to go.
text: Selby grabs Lee by the arm and pulls her out. Lee looks back
text: at Justine and smiles.
scene_heading: INT. RED PONTIAC - NIGHT
text: Lee sits at the wheel, laughing. Selby slides in beside her,
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What the fuck Lee?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: f Why you gonna ruin my job?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (explodes - intense)
dialog: What the fuck is right? What... was that?
text: Selby stammers. Lee’s lip quivers just as quick. She pulis
text: out the photos and rips them up in a teary passion.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (screams)
dialog: I'm not good enough for you! You want
dialog: another girl now?!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: No, Lee. No--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I do everything for you. Everything!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I know?! We just took some pictures! I
dialog: barely even know her...
text: a Lee stares into her lap. Tears roll down her cheeks. -
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: You think I’m terrible. --
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No I don‘t--
speaker_heading: LEE ~
dialog: (screams)
dialog: You do! You treat me just like everyone!
dialog: Just like everyone! And I love you!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (appeasing)
dialog: And I love you too. Jesus... nothing's
dialog: has happened?
text: Lee looks up hopefully. Selby forces a casual grin, as if Lee
dialog: were truly overreacting.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s the big deal? I can’t even take a
dialog: photo with my boss? She’s my boss?!
text: t~ Lee looks down. Selby shrugs nonchalance but is tense.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: #(2)
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: ¢ I borrowed a car to go to six flags.
text: Selby slides into irritation.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Great. We'll go to Six Flags... Jesus...
dialog: Why you gotta be like that, Lee!? You
dialog: embarrass me. .
text: Lee shrugs and wipes away tears. She turns over the engine.
text: As they pull out Lee begins to cry again.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The lights are off. Lee and Selby lay in bed. Lee sobs
text: quietly into the sheets. Selby strokes her head and shushes
text: her down, but, her hearts not in it. Slowly, Lee’s sobbing
text: stutters to a stop. Selby lays back with an exhale of relief.
scene_heading: INT. PONTIAC - DRIVING - DAY
text: Lee is in the passenger seat. She forces a chipper grin as if
text: yesterday had never happened. She holds a map in front of
text: her. Selby drives. She is tired and rubs her eyes.
speaker_heading: t LEE
dialog: Just go straight.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: You're sure?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah look... Or don’t look. Watch the
dialog: fucking road!
text: The car swerves. Selby gets it back under control. Lee
text: tenses. Selby rolls her eyes and lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: So I think we should move. Don’t you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Cause. We could get a house on the beach.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: That's like... thousands and thousands of
dialog: t dollars, Lee.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: : ‘
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: t So... I got it covered.
text: Selby looks over doubtfully.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: I can. Cause you know what? I’ve been
dialog: thinking about it and yer right~ we don’t
dialog: have enough money! And shit, I don’t want
dialog: you slavin’ away at some job. So I got a
dialog: plan. And it’s taken care of! 95%! We're
dialog: movin’ to the Keys. Drink, party, have
dialog: friends over. I'll even be nice. Why?
dialog: Cause I got a job!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Dead serious. Dead serious, man. Whatta
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I dunno. You're not kidding me?
text: Lee beams.
speaker_heading: a LEE
dialog: I’m not. Like I said. 95% to that
dialog: junction, then phheww. You and me!...
text: Selby looks over. Lee sobers and desperately clasps Selby's
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm... sorry, for how things‘ve been...
dialog: (quiet - difficult)
dialog: I just love ya. And I'm trying real hard.
dialog: But it‘s not easy. Nobodies ever stuck
dialog: with me this long... Or loved me, really.
dialog: I'm not good at it.
text: Selby’s genuinely touched. She nods. Lee perks back up.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: But I'm gettin’ better!... So we moving?
text: Selby takes a cigarette. She tries to light it.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Well... we can really get a house? How
dialog: t close are you?
text: Lee takes the lighter and strikes it for her. Selby leans in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: fi : LEE
dialog: Real close Sell... Just a few more---
text: Suddenly they fly forward with a
text: A HORRIBLE CRUNCH.
text: SELBY'S FACE smashes into the wheel.
text: LEE is thrown to the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN YARD - SAME
text: Steam rises from the car. It’s lodged nose first in a ditch
text: at the foot of a yard.
scene_heading: I/E PONTIAC - CONTINUOUS
text: Selby waves her hands, confused. STEAM drifts around her.
text: BLOOD trickles down her forehead. Metal WRENCHES as the CAR
text: DOOR OPENS. Selby turns. :
text: Lee's eyes are intense. She speaks with force.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Get up!
text: Selby slowly climbs out. Lee pulls her faster.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (quiet but serious)
dialog: Run.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Run Sell!
text: Lee and Selby stumble from the car, behind them a MIDDLE-AGED
text: COUPLE rushes from the house.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT‘D)
dialog: (light)
dialog: Aww shoot. Your dad’s gonna kill us.
text: The couple runs up with panicked looks.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Are ya'll okay?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: cr
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Oh, we’re fine.
dialog: (to Selby)
dialog: You fine? Awww yeah, we're fine.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: I'm ‘onna call an ambulance.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No! No!
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Shoot. We don't have insurance. I’d just
dialog: rather deal with this myself, you know?
speaker_heading: . WIFE
dialog: Sure?
speaker_heading: LEE .
text: Her dad’s place is just around the block.
text: Lee starts pushing Selby back into the car.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Get the fuck in Sell. Go.
text: She is confused but slides to the passenger seat. Lee climbs
text: in beside her and pulls the door shut. She tries to start the
text: car and leans out the window.
text: The couple watches, bewildered.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to couple)
dialog: Yeah. See, cost of towing and all. If I
dialog: can drive her it'll save us a bundle.
text: Lee stares at the wheel, possessed.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Come on motherfucker.
text: She CRANKS the key. The engine WHEEZES. CRANK. WHEEZE.
text: CRANK... it rolls over. Lee REVS the car backwards.
text: The couple steps back.
text: Lee waves maniacally as they miraculously roll out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey... thanks though!
text: Lee falls dead serious. Selby stares at the road.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ROAD - LATER
text: The car is parked on the narrow fire road. Lee kneels at the
text: back of the car. She RIPS off the licence plate and shoves it
text: in her bag.
text: She opens the trunk, pulls out a bottle of windex and a rag
text: and slams it shut, sprays and wipes down the car. Like a pro.
text: HOLD ON Selby, a distance away, watching. Lee approaches.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Let's go.
text: She walks into the woods, but Selby doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on Sell! Now!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I don't wanna... I wanna drive.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No. We can’t.
text: Selby starts crying.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: God damn it, come on.
text: Lee rushes back and grabs her by the arm.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Selby! He's dead, man! He's fucking dead.
dialog: We gotta get outta here right now.
text: Lee pulls her up and starts walking away. After a moment,
text: Selby follows, crying.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Water splashes into cupped hands. Selby throws it on her face
text: then dries off on a towel. Her mouth hangs open in a dry sob.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Selby enters, jerks around indecisively. She starts stuffing
text: her things into random bags, then hurls an armload of
dialog: clothing down.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: f Lee sits calmly smoking a cigarette. Selby enters and fixes
text: Lee with an angry glare.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: So?... Say it!
text: Lee stares ahead. Selby breaks back into tears but something
text: is a little much about it. A little dramatic.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Say it!
text: * Lee looks Selby dead in the eye.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What do you think?
text: Selby slides down onto the floor.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Oh god. What’ve you done!? It's all over,
dialog: isn't it? They‘re coming!
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: t Nobody’s coming... Yer overreacting.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (incredulous - shouting)
dialog: Whadda you mean? You're killing people.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: You can’t go out killing---
text: Selby cringes as Lee rushes her, yanks her up and drags her.
speaker_heading: BEDROOM
text: Lee kicks the door shut behind them and pushes Selby onto the
text: bed. She wags her finger in her face.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: God damn it, Selby. Keep your fucking
dialog: voice down! Now listen to me... They
dialog: aren‘t coming!
text: Selby watches her, sucking back sobs. Lee spins to the
text: t closet, returning with the vanity box.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: I never wanted you in this shit Sell.
dialog: But I know what I’m doing alright?
dialog: There’s no fucking way for you to
dialog: understand it all so you gotta trust me.
text: She pulls out a stack of articles and puts them on the bed.
text: Selby takes in the plentiful stack with a moan.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT’D)
dialog: Look, they don't have one god damn thing.
dialog: This shit here is long over already so
dialog: they’re not even looking and they didn't
dialog: seem to give a shit in the first place...
dialog: These guys were bad news! You see what
dialog: I’m saying? Nobody cares!? You got these
text: rapists and killers, with ten different
dialog: people want ‘em dead so they shut the
dialog: book. I’m doing ‘em a favor! Now, beyond
dialog: that I'm still real careful...
dialog: (realizing - angry)
dialog: I didn’t exactly wanna wreck the fucking
dialog: car in public!
dialog: (calming)
dialog: But we did... and I figure if they were
dialog: gonna call the cops... they woulda done
dialog: it then, so nobody's coming after you.
text: Selby’s relieved but starts crying again.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: How could you?!
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Selby, come on... You knew.
text: Selby sobs into her hands, not wanting to face it.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No I didn't. I knew about one.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No... But it’s the same thing.
text: Lee watches Selby sob. Growing more uncomfortable by the
text: minute, she grabs the vanity case and walks out of the room.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, fuck it...
text: The whimsical first chords of ‘Sweet Dreams’ by Patsy Cline
text: chime in from the living room. Selby’s tears slow. She looks
text: over with confusion.
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Lee whistles along as she grabs a bottle of Jack Daniels,
text: shot glasses and a case of beer. She sets them up on the
text: coffee table and pulls up a chair.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Come on in here Sell!
text: She pours two shots. Selby steps into the doorway with a back
text: pack stuffed with things. Lee nods at the shots with a smile.
speaker_heading: . LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon. We got some Patsy, some drinks,
dialog: it’s all good in here. Alright? Come on.
text: Lee raises her glass in a toast. Selby watches her,
dialog: incredulous. ,
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (nonchalantly)
text: Having a drink. Cheers.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (yells)
dialog: This isn’t funny, Lee!
text: Selby stumbles toward the door. Lee blocks her way,
text: suppressing desperation. Selby backs up.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: ~-Cause you don’t know what’s going on.
dialog: And I do! And I understand you wanna shut
dialog: yer eyes to the world. Man, but the least
dialog: you can do is hear me out... cause you’re
dialog: dead wrong!
text: Selby slowly takes a seat but maintains the attitude of a
text: battered innocent.
text: Lee sits on the couch, slides Selby a drink and throws back a
text: shot. She slams her glass down with a gratified jaw clench.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: Okay... Now, none of this is what you
dialog: think it is.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I know what it is--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: cr
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: *
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No, you don‘t know my life!? But I know
dialog: yours. Man...
dialog: (loving - emotional)
dialog: I've done everything in this whole wide
dialog: world, hoping you would never know. I
dialog: love the way you see it!? I’m jealous! I
dialog: wish so bad I could be like ya, and just
dialog: not know. But I can't, Sell. And as much
dialog: as I hoped to keep it from ya, so you
dialog: could go on thinking people are good and
dialog: kind and shit makes sense. Honey...
dialog: - there's a whole lot more going on. And
dialog: I’m sorry. I'm sorry for you. Cause now
dialog: you got to know.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No,, Lee...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yes Sell! Yes! You need to.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No. We can be different as we want but I
dialog: know that you can't murder people.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Says who?
text: Selby's fingers go to the cross around her neck. Lee pours
text: them two more shots. Selby throws this one back. Lee sobers.
text: Preparing the uncomfortable speech she’s given herself ten
text: times. A wild fervor enters her eyes.
text: Patsy Cline’s ‘Just a Closer Walk’ comes on.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Selby, I’m good with the lord! I'm fine.
dialog: And I know how you were raised and how
dialog: everybody thinks and... fuck it has to be
dialog: that way. They gotta tell you that ‘thou
dialog: shalt not kill’ shit and all that jazz.
dialog: And, of course, you can’t do it fer
dialog: nothin’?! But that’s not the way the
dialog: world works, man. Nobody knows what the
dialog: fuck god wants?! Who wrote the bible?
dialog: Some fucking people. The fuck did they
dialog: know really? There wouldn't be killing if
dialog: it hadn't been created, right? And people
dialog: kill each other... every day. And fer
dialog: what? For politics? For religion? And
dialog: they're heroes!? No. Now... I didn’t ask
dialog: for this but I’d be dead right now. What
dialog: am I supposed to do with that?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: cf
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A tear wel
dialog: 90.
dialog: (2) ,
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: If I hadn't killed somebody I‘d be dead!?
dialog: Would you've wanted that?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No. But that was one guy, Lee... How
dialog: many?--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: A lot... I’m cleaning up!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: They can’t all’ve been bad.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: They can’t have been bad? Read the paper!
dialog: I’m not the only one out there killin’...
dialog: but I‘m the only one killin’ them.
dialog: They're just killing us wholesale. So
dialog: don’t feel bad, Selby! I haven’t hurt one
dialog: person who didn’t flat out deserve it.
dialog: I‘'ve had it up to here with you’can’t!...
dialog: While the world decides what I will take,
dialog: or die. There’s a lot of shit I can’t put
dialog: up with anymore. Killing’s not one of
dialog: ‘em. Letting these guys go out and rape
dialog: somebody else, isn’t either...
dialog: (pleading - vehement)
dialog: So open your mind and look at me! You
dialog: know me. You think I could do it
dialog: otherwise? I'm not a bad person.
dialog: I'm a good person! A real good person!
text: ls in Lee’s eye. She wipes it away and instantly
text: shakes it off with a grin. Selby is stunned. Her mind churns,
text: fighting against persuasion but struggling.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now... I’m sorry baby, for all that
dialog: stuff. For you to know... but look....
text: Lee flips open her vanity and flops an impressive bundle of
text: cash on the table. Selby’s jaw drops.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look Sell... you see what this is? This
dialog: right here is everything, everything
dialog: you've ever wanted?! See? I told you I'd
dialog: take care of you! And look...
dialog: (excited)
dialog: This here, is almost enough to buy
dialog: another pressure cleaning unit, man! I
dialog: know you want more, I know you want the
dialog: good life, so here it is?! Self employed,
dialog: put all this behind us... You think I'd
dialog: let the world stop me from that??
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: No, you’re my girl!? I’d get you anything
dialog: you ever asked for...
dialog: r
text: Lee smiles proudly but Selby stands and walks towards the
text: door. Lee jumps up with concern.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No... Lee, that doesn’t make it right?
text: Panic flashes across Lee's face.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What?! No, it is right! It is right! I
dialog: just told you!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No, but you’re wrong. The world is a good
dialog: place...
dialog: _ (Lee shakes her head)
dialog: and there are nice people out there, yes
dialog: there are! .
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No, baby... there’s only you... and me.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: There were lots of other way---
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: There is no other way. This is it--
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: But I got a job-~-
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Making what? You wanna live like that--
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I don’t know. I can't...think!?
text: Selby backs towards the door. Lee nears. The desperation in
text: her eyes is frightening. Selby trembles. Lee grabs her arm. .
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: There’s no where to go, Sell! I’m yer
dialog: home. You need me! You need me--
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Let me go! I’m not yer prisoner! TI
dialog: gotta... I gotta! Don’t follow me!
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: ¢ selby runs out. Lee lets her go and steps out behind her. She
text: is tense with angst but she forces a certain smile.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: ct I'm not keeping you. Go if you want. But
dialog: " you'll come, back okay? And I’1l be here.
dialog: I‘ll be here... I‘m not mad! I love you.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET - NIGHT
text: Selby’s feet POUND against the pavement. She PANTS deeply.
scene_heading: INT. DRUG STORE - NIGHT
text: Justine stands at the register, ringing up one of the few
text: late night customers. Selby runs in, panicked and messy.
text: Justine’s eyes dart up. She hides her dread as she continues
text: ringing items. Selby hovers behind the customer.
speaker_heading: . SELBY
dialog: Can I... can I talk to you?
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: (professional)
dialog: Not... right now. Can you wait outside?
scene_heading: EXT. DRUG STORE - NIGHT
text: tC Selby crouches on the sidewalk, smoking a cigarette.
text: Justine comes out with a frown. Selby gets up, smiling with
text: the relief of companionship. Justine is apprehensive and
text: returns no warmth.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: What are you... doing here?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Hey, I, oh, I just needed to talk to
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: Well, I’m working?!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No, I know, I’m sorry... I’m just freakin
dialog: out and I. needed... a friend.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: Yeah, I hardly know you though.
text: Selby is taken aback, but tries to recover with a smile.
speaker_heading: Cc SELBY
dialog: t No, yeah! Yeah, I know but since... I
dialog: felt a connection with you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: r
dialog: cr
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Selby nods, referring to the kiss. Justine forced smile
text: evaporates and she looks around self-consciously.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: --.and, I don’t know? Things are real bad
dialog: with my girlfriend. I'm... we might be
text: breaking up.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: (laughs - incredulous)
dialog: I‘m not gay, alright? That was just
dialog: playing around - I thought you were nice.
text: Selby keeps up the smile but is suddenly lost.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Oh... no, right I know but I meant
dialog: friends. Like friends...
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: Umm- hmmm. Well, I mean, I don’t know-
dialog: what the problem is but I can’t... Look,
dialog: I‘m a Christian and the manager, and I
dialog: don’t know if you misunderstood with the
dialog: candy bars but I can’t be involved with
dialog: whatever it is you're... “into” here. I
dialog: can’t... I don’t think you should work
dialog: here. I’m sorry.
text: Selby is completely floored. Justine is truly afraid and
text: backs away from her.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No... no, I’m not... I‘1ll pay you back.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: I don’t want you to pay me back. Just
dialog: please, don’t come here.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (falling apart)
dialog: But I've got nowhere to go...
text: Justine throws her hands up as if shielding an oncoming
text: attack from a savvy con artist, or stalker.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: Oh my gosh, I don’t even know you... just
dialog: please, leave me alone!
text: Selby nods, but her jaw sets into an emotional and angry
text: glower of embarrassment. Justine hurries inside. Selby looks
text: around and the cold and empty street.
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEWOOD BLVD. - NIGHT
text: CU Selby, walking down the street. Her eyes are red from
text: crying and dart around nervously. SIRENS moan in the
dialog: distance.
text: Groups of the malcontents that used to seem.so exotic, leer
text: at her with menace. A junkie steps in pace with her, asking
text: for a light. She rushes away in fear.
speaker_heading: PHONE BOOTH
text: Selby clutches the handset, and looks nervously behind her.
text: She digs through her change then looks at her watch and
text: begins slamming the phone against the booth.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Selby steps in the door. She is calmer, different.
text: Lee sits on the couch like a worried parent. She smiles with
text: nervous hope.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hi baby...
text: Selby sits down across from her and lights a cigarette. For
text: beat they smoke and look at eachother.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: So how longs this gonna take?
text: Lee washes with thankful relief.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No, time baby. We‘re almost there.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Good. I wanna go now.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Okay, tomorrow. Tomorrow, I‘ll get a car.
text: Selby nods. Lee reaches out. Selby takes her hand and lets
text: herself be pulled onto the couch. Lee squeezes her ‘tight.
text: Selby turns into her and buries her face in Lee’s chest.
text: Lee looks up with glaze of power and victory, and shushes her
text: with a sweet soothing voice.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT - DAWN
text: cr The sun peeks up over the darkened apartment.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK STOP - DAY
text: " Trucks gas up, people mill around.
speaker_heading: SELBY (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t know if it’s right, or it’s
dialog: wrong, but... I don’t care anymore.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK STOP DINER ~- DAY
text: A waitress slides a plate of food under Selby’s smiling face.
text: She is decked out in her showiest clothing.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I’m gay. And our life is great. She loves
dialog: me, I love her, it all worked out.
text: REVERSE TO Debbie. She smiles beatifically yet exudes
dialog: concern. :
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D) .
dialog: So I just wanted you to pass that alon
dialog: to my dad and tell everyone we're doing
dialog: fantastic, and not to worry...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: e mam- hmmm... Well. I know it’s not what
dialog: they want to hear...-
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What!? That I‘m happy?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: No... that yer choosing to go this way.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I’m not choosin’. This is just how I am
dialog: and I don’t feel bad about it anymore...
dialog: Tell him that too.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Selby... your father loves you. I don’t
dialog: know what gave you the impression that he
dialog: doesn’t want you happy. That’s precisely
dialog: what we worry about.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Well, then there’s no problem.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Not now but... I know your all romantic
dialog: Ct about this girl. You probably think she’s
dialog: wild and interesting. I was young once
dialog: too but...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: t
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEBBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Screwed up people are who they are for a
dialog: reason. And they're better left alone.
dialog: ‘Now, I’m not talking about being born a
dialog: nigger or--
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (embarrassed - whisper)
dialog: Don't say nigger, Debbie!
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: What, I was saying it’s not their fault?!
dialog: The blacks or whatever you want to say.
dialog: Selby, you know I’m not racist!
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: But... my point is, most of these other
dialog: people have made some bad choices, and
dialog: they pay for em? All these miserable
dialog: street people. So we just worry to see
dialog: you choosing this life for yourself too.
dialog: The gay life.
speaker_heading: SELBY +
dialog: No, it’s not that simple! And you don’t
dialog: know her? She's had a real bad life.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (chuckling condescension)
dialog: Honey, lots of people have bad lives and
text: choose to move towards the light.
dialog: Otherwise we‘d all be hookers and
dialog: druggies ‘cause we got yelled at or had a
dialog: mean mom.‘ You know?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No. It's not that simple... look, I don’t
dialog: wanna hear this okay? That’s the point!
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Okay, fine... but, believe me, as you get
dialog: older all you'll want is a roof over your
dialog: head, even if you have to sleep with a
dialog: man to get it.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Well that’s not what I want.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Okay, fair enough. Just know that we love
dialog: you and still want you back...
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Well, that’s not gonna happen, because I
dialog: disagree. We’re good with the lord cause
dialog: we're real good people!
dialog: 96.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: a EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Lee, walks through the woods with a MENACING smile. EVAN
text: BOLTIN, a late 40s clean-cut military type, walks behind her.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Are we going on a hike? Where you headed?
text: Lee stops and spreads out a blanket.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: _ This is fine.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: The car was fine.
text: Evan undoes his belt. Lee looks around. The woods are empty.
speaker_heading: LEE :
dialog: Not when you have a gun in it!?
text: Evan is surprised but shrugs defensively.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: So? Lots of people have guns...
dialog: tr you going to undress or what?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: You first. You think I trust you now?
text: Lee lights a cigarette. He slowly undresses.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (nods to his wedding band)
dialog: You're married... I don’t get that. You
dialog: like to do dirty things to girls instead
dialog: of just fucking your wife. Why, so you
dialog: can rape ‘em?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: No! Good lord.
text: She nods. Laughs.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Man, men... I fuckin hate em. I mean
dialog: there's a few good ones but not guys like
dialog: you... fucking “johns.”
text: Evan shrugs uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: C EVAN
dialog: Well... then why are you a hooker?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: cr . I’m not. vee
text: Evan looks confused.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t fuck men! I did at one time.
dialog: (laughs).
dialog: I mean I did a lot actually. Most of the
dialog: time against my will you know? Shit, I’ve
dialog: been fucking men since I was 8 years
dialog: old?!
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Oh, good God.
text: Evan, now in his socks and underwear, slowly grabs his pants.
text: Lee continues causally.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah, man. This old man raped me when’I
dialog: was 8. My dad's friend. Not one person
dialog: believed me. So he kept raping me... for
dialog: years. And my dad beat me up for it.
text: a Evan pulls his pants back on.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I’m not... I’m sorry for you. But if you
dialog: want a ride you'd better come on.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I don't need a ride. I'm takin’ your car.
text: Evan freezes, now he’s scared.
text: Lee pulls out the gun.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (the other Lee)
dialog: What, you piece of shit you think I’m
dialog: stupid enough to go back to your car with
dialog: you, motherfucker! Huh?
text: He steps back. Their eyes meet.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: T-t-take it. Here.
text: He reaches in his pocket.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: t~
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: She FIRES.
text: He’s HIT in the hip and FALLS BACK. Keys clutched in his
text: hand. The other grips his hip in pain. He looks up in horror.
speaker_heading: EVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Don’t say fucking please to me! You think
dialog: you'd have mercy if the shoe was on the
dialog: other foot motherfucker?
text: He’s a deer caught in the headlights.
text: She's frustrated. Angry. He’s giving her nothing.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT‘D)
dialog: Huh? You don’t have nothing to say do
dialog: you, motherfucker!... say somethin’!
text: Lee clenches her teeth, but she’s uncomfortable. Trying to
dialog: work it up.
text: CU Evan. Panic in his eyes. He can’t move.
text: She walks up on him with purpose.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: No...
dialog: CRACK! CRACK!
text: He falls back.
text: CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Click.
text: Lee lowers the gun. She leans down and reaches in his pocket.
text: His eyes are OPEN. They ROLL, then LOCK ON HER. She shoves
text: him over. Pulls the wallet out of his back pocket and leaves.
text: TRACK with Lee. There is no joy. No satisfaction. Just
text: bittersweet anger.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0O.)
dialog: Victor Borne... That was his name ~ my
dialog: dad's friend. Some friend. Rape your
dialog: daughter. But my dad was loyal to him.
dialog: I'll give ‘em that much. So much for
dialog: justice. One night, after years had gone
dialog: by, I knew I was gonna have to kill him.
text: Lee reaches the clearing and approaches a Dark Blue Chrysler.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: c
dialog: tr
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I had a plan and a knife. I knew he was
dialog: coming to dinner so I went to his house
dialog: and hid outside in the bushes. I was so
text: ready and so filled with hate, but when
text: he finally stepped out he looked so big
dialog: and I felt so small and ridiculous that I
dialog: lost my nerve.
text: She unlocks the car, tosses her bag in and opens his wallet.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I couldn’t do it. Just watched him walk
text: away. Went home and ate dinner with him.
dialog: Mom yelled at me for being rude when he
dialog: asked me for the salt.
text: She pulls out a 10 and some single with a frown. Flips on.
text: A portrait style PHOTOGRAPH of Evan and his WIFE. She’s in a
text: WHEEL CHAIR. They smile happily. His eyes, loving and warm.
text: Lee's jaw sets, she doesn’t want to see this.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Years later, when I found out he had died
dialog: in a car. accident, I was overjoyed. It
dialog: was like God finally struck him down for
dialog: all his evil. I loved it.
text: She flips through the plastic sleeves. Page after page of
text: photos and souvenirs replace credit cards.
speaker_heading: AILEEN (CONT'D (CONT'D)
dialog: Knowing you can’t get away with your shit
dialog: forever. Sooner or later it‘ll catch up
dialog: with you.
text: The last page turns.
scene_heading: ECU a SILVER POLICEMAN’S BADGE
text: Lee's jaw falls slack, her breath quick with adrenaline. She
text: looks to his car. Panic turns to fury.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Mother fucker!
scene_heading: INT. BUCKING HORSE MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lee and Selby’s belongings are stacked by the door. Selby
text: fidgets in front of the television. The news is on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: Sellllll...
text: Selby goes to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BUCKING HORSE MOTEL - CONTINUOUS
text: Lee stands in the middle of the parking lot. The door opens
text: and she walks in.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Hey?! Where’s the car?
text: Lee throws her bag down.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: It got all fucked up. Is that everything?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yeah. What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Fuck! We got beer?...I think we should
dialog: just go, man?
text: a hands her one. Lee snaps it open and throws it back.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Take the bus! Fuck it. We got enough
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: We do?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No, but whatever, man. I'll hook down
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No... Lee, no! We can't take our shit
dialog: with us on the bus and... This isn’t what
dialog: you said.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Well, I don‘t have one!?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: So, you said you'd get one.
text: Lee shakes her head and sits on the bed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: tC LEE
dialog: I just... I can't right now.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: So we'll wait?
speaker_heading: LEE :
dialog: No...-no, we gotta go.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Lee, what happened?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: . Fucking cop man!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What!?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: The guy... I wasn’t even gonna do it but
dialog: he had a fucking gun so... I popped him.
dialog: Sure enough, he’s a fucking cop!
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Oh, Lee?!
speaker_heading: a LEE
dialog: No, he's some sort retired thing but
dialog: still I can’t take his fucking car! If
dialog: it's cop car man they have those...
dialog: shit... tracking devices.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Holy shit.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Mother fucker. Tried to fucking trick me
dialog: into his fucking car, man. What am I
dialog: gonna do? You see what I'm saying? These
dialog: fucking assholes.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Lee, keep it down!
text: Lee flops back on the bed. Selby looks around scared.
speaker_heading: SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Then you gotta go get one, right now.
text: Lee's face tightens. She sighs.
speaker_heading: tC SELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, no. Yer not changing your mind on me
dialog: now are you? This is your plan?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: tr
dialog: cr
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: But it... it...
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No, I don’t wanna hear it Lee! No more.
dialog: Don't tell me this shit. This isn't my
dialog: deal and you know that... but you said
dialog: you knew what you were doing? Now we’re
text: going. House on the beach, self-—
dialog: employeed, you said!
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: - Okay.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Then get up! And go get us a car, right
dialog: now... or I’m leaving.
text: After a moment, Lee sits up next to Selby.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Alright... just hang on a sec.
dialog: 103.
text: Lee stares at the floor. Desperation and fear on her face.
text: Selby sees the crack in the veneer.
dialog: Lee grabs
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I'm scared Lee...
text: her hand and musters up her courage.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (whisper )
dialog: No baby... don’t be scared, it’s fine...
dialog: it's fine... Okay... What room is this?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Alright, I'll be back soon, ain't no
dialog: thang...
text: Selby nods. Lee gets up.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Lee, are they gonna freak out about the
dialog: cop thing?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No, no... It's no big deal... It’s fine.
text: Selby doesn’t look so sure.
dialog: ‘ 104.
scene_heading: a EXT. BUCKING HORSE MOTEL ~ NIGHT
text: Lee stands on the corner with her hands on her hips. She
text: watches the cars pass. Her brow, knit with worry. Her hands
text: fly to her face. She quickly walks away and tucks behind a
text: dumpster in the alley. She struggles to breathe it together.
scene_heading: INT. THE LAST RESORT - NIGHT
text: Thomas sits at the bar. Lee is next to him, plowing through
text: beers and shots and trying hard to look happy. On the wall
text: behind them a television plays ROSEANNE.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Well that all sounds real good. Hell, I’m
dialog: proud of ya. Sounds like yer doing well.
dialog: . LEE .
dialog: Yeah... Yeah, thanks I am. But I wanted
dialog: to say bye. You’re the only real frien’ I
dialog: had here ‘sides my girl. ’
text: Thomas's eyes flash pity, but he toasts with a smile.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: It’s an honor, Lee. I thank you fer
dialog: 6 sayin‘ so. :
text: She laughs. The bitter taste of shame passes.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah right...
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Hey! I’m serious. Girl like you’s had a
dialog: rough time. It meayns a lot to get in yer
dialog: heart and be called a friend by you.
text: Lee looks into her lap.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: pfffff... Yeah?
text: Thomas studies her with concern.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Ya'll Right?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Oh shit... I juss get--
text: tr Lee chokes into tears but instantly stops them, looks up.
text: Thomas leans in with concern. Lee laughs uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: t
dialog: a
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: He doesn’t
dialog: 105.
dialog: s
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Aw it’s nothin’... it’s nothin’...
dialog: Your'n exception though Tom. A lot a
dialog: people think I’m just a bad... shitty
dialog: person.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Just fer... I don’t know. How I've... had
dialog: to live. It’s not the greatess thing
dialog: but... that’s my life, you know?
dialog: (anger)
dialog: I just get so fucking mad cause I'm just
dialog: trying to... survive--
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Awww... Don't do it to yerself.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: -- I wanted to talk to ya, cause I thin
dialog: about you guys at war, you know? .
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: I know exactly!
text: but she takes interest.
speaker_heading: THOMAS (CONT'D)
dialog: Lee... I know what cha do for a living. I
dialog: like you with all that knowledge ‘cause I
dialog: know you didn't dial that job up on the
dialog: phone. That‘s where ya landed! That’s
dialog: what you had to do!.. What'cher talking
dialog: ‘bout there’s guilt for thangs you can't
dialog: control. You know how many of us coming
dialog: back from Nam darn near killed ourselves
dialog: over what yer feeling right now?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Aww, yeah?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Yeah... You feel bad about yerself fer
dialog: doing things that’re “wrong” when you
dialog: never had a choice about it...
dialog: (excited)
dialog: You had to do it! Act! React! Grab yer
dialog: gun! Spot the target...
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Move! Move! Move! Maybe you did shoot
dialog: cher friend in the back, but you didn’t
dialog: see em’! You couldn’t pull em out! Had to
dialog: leave em’! That’s life!
dialog: (calming)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: THOMAS (CONT'D)
dialog: Now see what yer doings nothing... but
dialog: the same.
dialog: a
dialog: 106.
text: He used to seem eccentric, but now Lee’s right there with
text: him. She nods as the wheels turn.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: +..it is the same. _
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Yer surviving. Thinking on yer feet!
dialog: Taking what you got! Face the heat!
dialog: Thrive to survive... They can't
dialog: - understand! No one. Bottom line is, they
dialog: don’t get circumstance.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah... Circumstance. You know I feel
dialog: that way... like I never got a choice but
dialog: to live or die. And I wanted to live, so
dialog: I had to live.
text: Behind them, ROSEANNE is interrupted by NEWS 10 ~
text: A news caster follows.
dialog: LIVE card.
text: The corner GRAPHIC reads “MANHUNT”. Then cuts to EVAN BOLTIN.
speaker_heading: tc THOMAS
dialog: That’s right. Gotta live! It aint 1003
dialog: but you can't think about that. Hey,
dialog: also, those men?... They don’t have to
dialog: there? That’s their own choice. They
dialog: enlisted...
text: One by one, the faces of LEE’S VICTIMS begins to
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Man, you fucking hit the nail on the
dialog: head. Yer exactly fucking right...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Who knows if it could be different?
dialog: Nobody!
dialog: be
dialog: flash on the
text: Lee's working up steam. She finishes a JD on the rocks and
text: throws back her beer chaser.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Man, okay... Okay. Tom...I’m gonna hit
dialog: it. Sorry to rush out on ya.
speaker_heading: tf THOMAS
dialog: You wanna ride?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: a Nah. I'm stayin’ right here. Round here.
text: PUSH IN past Lee onto the television. As we get closer the
text: volume increases. Visuals cut between photos of the victims,
text: their cars, and the crime scene.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Well, Lee. I‘ll sure miss
dialog: seeing you around. If you
dialog: come back up this way I wish
dialog: you'd stick yer head in. I'd
dialog: like to know yer alright.
speaker_heading: NEWS CASTER
dialog: ++-which we reported a few
dialog: weeks ago. Earlier today the
dialog: Broward County Police
dialog: announced that they believe
text: the hunt is on for a serial
dialog: killer. Six homicides
dialog: involving male victims found
dialog: off of local florida
dialog: highways, are now believed to
dialog: be related.
scene_heading: PULL OUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUCKING HORSE MOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Selby is breathing into her hands, near hysterical. She rocks
text: back and forth on the edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: ...They have asked that people use
dialog: extreme caution when traveling alone and
dialog: strongly advised against picking up any
dialog: hitchhikers at this time. Anyone with any
dialog: information about these crimes is urged
dialog: to come forward in an effort to save more
dialog: lives.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: C’mon Lee... c'mon...
scene_heading: EXT. LAST RESORT - NIGHT
text: Lee walks away from the bar. She's drunk but driven. She
text: heads towards a highway on-ramp.
scene_heading: INT. THE LAST RESORT - SAME
text: Thomas finishes his scotch. The news continues behind him. He
text: checks the air and the bartender nods. He’s proud of his talk
text: and plays through it with a smile. It fades as he begins
text: listening. He turns, and slowly limps closer and squints up
text: at the set.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ct
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: The police have issued very little
dialog: information about the suspect but in a
dialog: warning issued earlier they alerted
dialog: travelers that the perpetrator could
text: possibly be a hitchhiker or prostitute.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - SAME
text: A thin and nervous man peers out of a car. Lee squints back
text: bleary, sizing him up. He smiles. Rain flecks off the car.
speaker_heading: . LEE
dialog: Nahhh man... get outta here.
text: He looks rejected. She stumbles away.
text: Lee stands a little too close to the road and stares into the
text: on coming traffic. She raises her hand sporadically but looks
text: confused. The rain’s picking up.
text: A Volvo slows. Lee waves it off angrily then tries to light
text: a cigarette. The paper wets with raindrops. She strikes her
text: lighter again and again.
scene_heading: INT. COUPE DE VILLE - SAME
text: HUMPHREY ROHRBACH, heavyset early 50's, drives carefully
text: through the rain. AM radio hisses through a SPORTS TALK
text: program. He squints through the windshield.
text: HIS POV Lee throws the cigarette down angrily and looks up as
text: the car pulls over. He rolls down the window.
text: Lee stumbles in and stares. He smiles.
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: Ma’am, you in need of some assistance?
text: She nods and reaches for the handle and she climbs in.
scene_heading: INT. COUPE DE VILLE - MOVING ~ SAME
text: She smiles drunkenly. He frowns with concern and pulls away.
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Awww yeah... You got any beer in here?
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: No ma’am, I don't drink...You need a
dialog: phone?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: cr
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Naaahhh just wherever you goin’...
text: Lee fiddles through the bag with slow, clumsy effort. She
text: produces the tattered photograph of the blonde children and
text: shoves it at Humphrey.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: These here my kids... They're down in
dialog: Miami and I'm trying just make some money
dialog: get down there’n get em...
text: Humphrey is confused. He‘s not a ‘john.’
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: Are they okay?
text: Lee is confused.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah... they're fine. I’m just trying ta
dialog: make a few dollars get down there if you
dialog: wanna help me... Help me out...
text: Humphrey is unsure of the right thing to do.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Or I... I help you out you know?
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: (genuine concern)
dialog: Is everything okay with you, ma'am?
text: Lee stares at him for a long beat then gets the picture and
text: looks away.
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY (CONT'D)
dialog: If you need some help I'll see what I can
dialog: do to get you back to your kids. But
dialog: maybe you need a place to stay or a
dialog: shower and some warm clothes? We got our
dialog: son's room empty if you want it...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Just let me out.
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: I‘m sorry?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Pull over!
text: Humphrey is torn but pulls over.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) .
text: Lee fumbles with the door.
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: Ma’am I can’t let you out here...
text: Lee swings it open and starts to climb out but has only one
text: of the handles to her bag. The other side flips over and its
text: contents spill into the car.
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY (CONT'D)
dialog: +..the cars can barely see you--
text: The GUN, FALLS across the seat, lands at Humphrey's feet.
text: They both FREEZE, staring at it. AGONY contorts Lee's face.
text: He slowly picks it up with his fingers.
text: She leans in,. GRABS IT and pulls the door shut behind her.
text: Her hand wraps tightly around it. Her head rolls against the
text: seat in confusion.
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY (CONT’D)
dialog: (fear creeping in)
dialog: Ma’am... you in some...
text: She points the gun at him. Her face contorting like an
dialog: et apologetic child.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Just drive.
text: He nods, puts it in gear and rolls back into the road.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK STOP -~ NIGHT
text: The phone booth is lit up in the night. Tom limps toward it
text: from his car.
text: Inside he grabs the receiver in panic, clicks the cradle and
text: drops in a dime.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: A POLICE DETECTIVE sits at a kitchen table.
text: REVERSE to the HUSBAND and WIFE whose yard they wrecked into.
text: The wife stares at a composite and hands it to the detective.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Yeah. That’s exactly right.
scene_heading: C EXT. TRUCK STOP ~ NIGHT
text: Thomas is upset. He holds the phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: lll.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: ( Nothing? How bout in Port Orange?... Are’
dialog: you sure you're spellin it W,U,0,R,N...?
scene_heading: INT. COUPE DE VILLE - DAY
text: Humphrey drives. FEAR in his eyes. The car SHAKES as they
text: roll through thick woods. People banter happily back and
speaker_heading: forth on the AM RADIO
text: Lee stares ahead, teeth clenched, trying to find It. She
text: turns off the radio.
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You don't have to do this. Ill give
dialog: you... the car. You can have it.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Shut up!... Here, pull over.
text: She is significantly more sober. They pull to a stop and sit
text: in silence.
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: There’s nothing we can‘t fix...
speaker_heading: c LEE
dialog: Shut the fuck up. Get out.
text: He climbs out with his hands up. Lee steps out the other
text: side. Beneath the thick cover, only the occasional heavy drop
text: falls through creating a CACOPHONY of sound around them.
text: She trains the gun on him and walks around to the side of the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: (fraritic tears)
text: The keys are in there. My wallet’s on the
dialog: seat...
text: Lee chokes back a delirious sob and slowly shakes her head.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (wavering)
dialog: Get down...
text: Climbing down onto his knees, arthritis slows his movements.
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: t No ma‘am, no ma'am, no... you don’t have
dialog: to do this, you don't...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: _ LEE
dialog: Cr Shut the fuck up! Shut up!
text: She steps behind him. Raises the gun to his head. It wavers.
text: She cringes through heavy heaves of breath.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT’D)
dialog: I-can‘t...
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: You don't have to... You're just having a
dialog: hard time--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No! I can’t let ya... I can't letcha
dialog: live.
speaker_heading: : HUMPHREY
dialog: Noooo! We can help you...
speaker_heading: LEE -
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: HUMPHREY
dialog: “My wife-- my wife --I have a...
dialog: daughter’s having a baby...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (screams )
dialog: Shut up!
text: CU Humphrey. Tears roll down his cheeks, he shakes. Lee
text: stands behind him, breathing, trying to find the strength.
text: CU Lee. Crying. Blinking through them. A LONG BEAT passes.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: oh god... Imsorry... Imsorryy...
text: She clenches her teeth.
dialog: BANG!
text: Humphrey THUDS unnaturally onto his face. His glasses skitter
text: into the leaves.
text: Lee slowly drops to her knees, sobbing in moans through a
text: closed mouth.
text: Her cries blur into...
dialog: a
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM ~ MORNING
text: ...Selby’s. She sits on the floor against the bed. Tears run
text: down her cheeks. She rocks back and forth, eye’s locked onto:
text: ROUGH SKETCHES OF LEE AND SELBY on the television screen.
text: The phone is next to her. She picks it up, puts it down, then
text: picks it up again. She stifles her tears and lifts the
text: receiver to her ear.
scene_heading: EXT. BUCKING HORSE MOTEL - DAWN
text: The blue morning light fills the empty streets. The hum of a
text: telephone RINGING fills the air.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O)
dialog: Hello, Broward County?
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.0O.)
dialog: Yeah, hello? I’m calling about the
dialog: sketches on the TV? I think that’s two
dialog: girls I rented a room to not long ago --
dialog: The one girl’s really brassy, kind of
dialog: intimidating -- They said hang out at
dialog: The Last Resort over on Ridgewood -- I’m
dialog: pretty sure the one girl called the other-
speaker_heading: DEBBIE (V.0O.)
dialog: Aileen Wuornos. That's her name fer sher
dialog: but the other girl couldn've have
dialog: anything to do with it. She’s a real good
dialog: girl... but I don’t know her name.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ROAD - DAWN
text: The car sits by the highway. The door is open. A chime BEEPS
text: monotonously. A few feet away Lee is bent over like she’s
text: been throwing up. She pants, then stands, shaking it off.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Okay... yer alright... c‘mon.
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS'’S CAR - MORNING
text: Thomas leans into the wheel, scanning the streets
text: frantically, about to lose it. He clutches a cup of coffee.
scene_heading: EXT. BUCKING HORSE MOTEL - CONTINUOUS
text: His car coasts past it.
dialog: aya.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM -~ MORNING
text: CU television. BERT & ERNIE sing about friendship.
text: Selby sits in the chair by the door. She has a jacket on. Her
text: eyes are red.
text: A car pulls in outside the room. The ENGINE CUTS OFF and the
text: BEEPING begins as the door opens. It SLAMS shut.
text: Lee enters. Her energy is crazy.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I got it. I got it, babe. Let's go. Did
dialog: you sleep, cause you gotta drive?
text: Selby shakes her head. Her expression is blank.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: It’s out.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What‘s out? What’s out baby?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Sketches... of us. Of me.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What?! No...Oh my god... Oh, baby. Of
dialog: you?
text: Selby nods. Lee sits down trying to regroup.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay... alright. Then we just gotta go.
dialog: We'll go to... California, somewhere
dialog: further. But now!
text: Selby smiles sadly.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I'm not going.
text: Selby nods, trying to look certain, but wiping her brow and
text: fidgeting nervously. Lee drops on her knees in front of her.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No. Selby no, don’t do this... not now.
dialog: No, no, no, no... We can make it. We can.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I don’t wanna.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: cr
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (cracking - desperate)
dialog: Why??
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Cause I’m going back to God.
text: Lee stares at her. Wanting to see something else.
speaker_heading: * LEE
dialog: Selby... don‘t do that to me.
speaker_heading: : SELBY
dialog: You did - I didn't do anything. And what
dialog: you did ain't right.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: _ (desperate anger)
dialog: No Selby, No! We talked about this! It
dialog: had to be done, you know that.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No Lee. It didn’t have to be done. That
dialog: was... you did it. Not me.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (screams )
dialog: But I had to!?
text: Selby fights to stay strong.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: No, you didn’t. You coulda just... looked
dialog: to God. Cleaned your life.
text: Lee can't believe her ears. She explodes. Grabbing the table
text: in front of her violently.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Fuck god!
text: Tears mix with rage.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT’D)
dialog: Fuck God! I didn't have a fucking choice!
dialog: It was my only fucking chance in this
dialog: fucking world! In my fucking life!
dialog: (collapsing in tears)
dialog: Where was God when I was fucking dyin’...
dialog: everyday of my fucking life. Where was
dialog: God when I was lying in a ditch after
dialog: being beat up by teenagers... raped by my
dialog: fucking Dad! Always... always... there
dialog: was nothin. No god.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (dissolves into whispers)
dialog: . There was no God... I’ve never had a
dialog: t single chance in my life... Only you.
text: Lee lays her head back, silent tears stream down. Selby loves
text: her, wants to touch her, but doesn't.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You had to... forgive, Lee.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (forceful - desperate)
dialog: . Then you forgive me!
text: They stare at each other. Selby's cracking.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: But the world can't forgive you.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (desperate) :
dialog: You forgive me! Be the only one. ‘Cause I
dialog: forgive you.
text: Selby thinks about this.
speaker_heading: tf SELBY
dialog: . But, I gotta go, Lee. We can’t stay
dialog: together. We’re on the news...
text: Lee gathers herself to give the futile words she’s said to
dialog: every love that’s left her.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Okay... okay then go. You go... go away
dialog: for a while. ‘Til it clears up.
dialog: But she’s never said these.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (vulnerable - beggin)
dialog: But... think about it... ‘Cause I can't
dialog: forgive myself anymore... Come back and
dialog: we'll go. We can change... together.
text: Lee looks at Selby lovingly. Shrugs.
scene_heading: EXT. BUCKING HORSE MOTEL - DAY
text: A taxi idles in the driveway. Lee and Selby stand by the
text: door, Selby can't look her in the eyes.
speaker_heading: a SELBY
dialog: - Alright. Well... I'll see you later.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Lee won't let it go like that. She stares at Selby. Her eyes
text: saying everything they both know.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I love you.
text: Selby looks away and sniffs back a tear.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t forget me.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: That‘d be pretty hard to do.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Here, I want you to take this.
text: She holds out a paper bag. Selby looks at it.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I can’t.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Take it Sell! I can’t do nothin’ with it.
dialog: Come back! We'll spend it later.
text: Selby stares at it for a moment. Then slowly takes the bag.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I gotta go.
text: TRACK WITH SELBY: she turns and walks to the car, her face
text: contorts with pain. Lee crumples into the doorway.
text: Selby climbs into the car. HOLD ON LEE. The engine REVS as it
text: drives away.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM -CONTINUOUS
text: Lee lays on the bed with the GUN in her hand. In shock.
scene_heading: UNDER DARK WATER - NIGHT
text: Lights from a bridge distort with the current. A figure walks
text: into view. They stand at the edge. After a BEAT
text: THE GUN crashes into the foreground and slowly sinks. LIGHT
text: glints off of the barrel.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: INT. LAST RESORT - LATER
text: Lee's trashed. She heads to the phone in the corner and dials
text: from a piece of paper.
text: At the bar, two BIKERS watch her nonchalantly. One nods to
text: the other and walks away.
text: No answer. She hangs it up desperately. The Biker approaches.
speaker_heading: BIKER #1
dialog: Hey, I know you! Ain’t yer name Lee?
text: She stops and squints at him.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Nahhh man. S‘Cammy.
speaker_heading: BIKER #1
dialog: Oh shit I’m sorry. You look like this
dialog: hot girl... Can I buy you a drink?
text: Lee stumbles to the bar. He follows.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: If you want? Beer and JD. Two.
speaker_heading: fr VG
dialog: Shit I'll getcha-four...
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Hey two JD, two Bud’s for the lady.
dialog: (to Lee)
dialog: You come in here much...
text: Lee stares at the bar. The other Biker walks away.
text: The first JD arrives. Lee throws it back. An ARM GRABS her
text: from BEHIND. VG jumps with concern. Lee struggles to turn.
text: THOMAS holds her shoulders.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Lee... Lee...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey Tom!
dialog: (to VG)
dialog: This here's my only friend.
text: VG nods. Tom looks up. The other Biker rushes back and stands
text: at their other side. Thomas looks at him. They look away. Tom
dialog: cr knows.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Cr (feigning joy)
dialog: : Hey Lee... how’s it going?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Notso good. Tom--
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Hey... you wanna see the BBQ out back?
text: He nods forcefully.
speaker_heading: . LEE
dialog: nahhhh.
speaker_heading: _ THOMAS
dialog: No, sure... C’mon.
text: He grabs her and pulls her with him towards the door. She
text: protests drunkenly. .
text: The Bikers watch with concern.
speaker_heading: VG
dialog: Should just take her now.
speaker_heading: t BIKER #2
dialog: No. They don’t want the trouble. Anyway
dialog: we need her to say something. Otherwise
dialog: we can't book her.
speaker_heading: VG
dialog: Then we're gonna lose her.
text: Biker #2 walks away. VG sips his water.
scene_heading: EXT. LAST RESORT - YARD - CONTINUOUS
text: A BBQ PIT burns bright red. Tons of bikers mill around in the
text: moonlight. Thomas pulls Lee through the crowd and stops
text: against a wall.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Lee, we gotta get go! Jump the fence!
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: You! Jump the fence I’1l1l pull the car --
text: tr Biker #2 step up nearby and pretends to watch the BBQ pit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: tf
dialog: b 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Noo man.. I gotta wait fer ma girl. She
dialog: leftme. She leff me Tom. Butshees coming
dialog: back.
dialog: (cries - then distracted)
dialog: I godda call'’er..
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (lighter)
dialog: C'mon Lee, you n’ me.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: .pffff... nahhh I gottta my girl Tom. I
dialog: gottaa call’er...
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (desperate whisper)
dialog: Lee, please.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No!... Hey! Yer married man. Yooun want
dialog: that. Don be like that.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: But I like ya Lee. I really like ya.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Stop it! Don do that... notyou.
text: They look at each other. He shakes his head desperately but
text: she won't get it. She pulls away with disgust and stumbles
dialog: inside.
text: HOLD ON Tom. Devastated. He limps over to the rear window.
text: TOM'S POV Lee stumbles up to the phone. She scrounges for
text: change. VG rushes up, Biker #2 hovers behind her. VG
text: gesticulates with a wide grin. She listens. VG points to the
text: door. Lee looks at it then walks towards it with a shrug.
text: They all disappear from frame.
text: Tom's eyes fall shut. He shakes his head from side to side.
text: Suddenly SIRENS BLAST OUTSIDE from every direction. The
text: bikers all FREEZE then STAMPEDE the door.
text: Tom struggles along with them and makes his way through the
text: bar and to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LAST RESORT - SAME
text: He pushes through the mass at the door to see...
text: ( see being lowered into a cop car.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 121.
dialog: «
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: . LEE
dialog: f I gotta call my girl... I wanna call my
dialog: girrrl....
text: Thomas watches her, overcome with pain.
text: The DIN of VOICES, SIRENS and LEE is almost deafening.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SILENCE
text: Lime green fills the frame.
text: REVERSE to Lee. She sits on a cot ina orange prison uniform,
text: Down the corridor METAL CREAKS as doors slide open.
speaker_heading: LEE (V.0.)
dialog: 9455.. I'm sorry 9445..
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Okay, connecting...
text: RINGING TONES.
speaker_heading: t- SELBY
dialog: r (on phone)
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. JAIL PHONEBOOTH - DAY
text: Lee’s eyes widen with joy.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Selby?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hi baby... Hi Sell...
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Oh man, it’s so good to hear yer voice.
scene_heading: i CUT BETWEEN:
scene_heading: “INT. ROOM SOMEWHERE - SAME
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: c
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Selby slumps in a chair.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yeah?... You too.
text: Lee smiles with relief.
dialog: Lee waits
dialog: LEE |.
dialog: You're back down here then?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yeah... and I wanted to see what was
text: _ going on.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah, boy I wish you'd never left...casue
dialog: then we coulda... but, I know where you
dialog: were. I’ve thought about it non-stop, and
dialog: yeah, I just... it was a bad day. I get
dialog: that. And yer were right in a lot of
dialog: ways, you know? I see that. But... We
dialog: still.. we still have a shot, baby.
dialog: for a reply.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah... they uh... were alright.
dialog: I’m in here on a old warrant for hooking
dialog: sO... Where are ya?
speaker_heading: SELBY
text: In a motel.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah?... Boy, I wish I was with ya.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: But, Lee, they’re asking around. They
dialog: were up to see my parents - asking
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Uh, well... I’d rather not talk on the
dialog: phone in here. I don’t know if they..,
dialog: you know, but see, that’s some mistaken
dialog: identity with anything like that. They
dialog: don’t have nothing. Just some finger
dialog: pointen’, you know. So I should be out in
dialog: a bit... Be back out.
dialog: 422.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: C (crying)
dialog: I don’t know Lee.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: You don’t know what?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Why’d you do it?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey Sell... Do what? I’m here... I’m here
dialog: .for hookin’ so just... be careful, you
dialog: know. Lets just talk about us, here.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I can't Lee. How can I think like that
dialog: when my pictures in the paper from when
dialog: we wrecked that car--
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: --Hey! Selby! What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: When we wrecked that red car.
text: cr is rushed with adrenaline. She is silent, thinking.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Why are you saying that?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Cause I'm freaken out! They’re coming
dialog: after me. They’re comin’ for me and yer
dialog: gonna let me go down-
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: -No baby. You know I wouldn‘t, okay. I
dialog: would never. So chill out here.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: How’m I supposed to do that? I’m gonna go
dialog: down for something you did?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Selby! I didn’t do anything.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Yes you did!
scene_heading: tr Sell... nEE
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: * SELBY
dialog: cr You know what I'm talking about.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What cha doing, Sell?
text: Selby is shaking with emotion.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: I’m not doing anything!
text: There‘s a long silence. Lee breathes slowly, hoping.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Where's the money, Sell?
dialog: Long beat.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What money?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: The money I gave you?
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: What... what er you talking about?
text: Cr Lee's eyes fall. shut in pain.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Nothin... the change. You prolly forgot.
text: Selby rocks back and forth.
speaker_heading: SELBY
dialog: Oh, yeah... Yeah I got it.
dialog: {bursts into tears)
dialog: I just wanna live, Lee. I want a normal
dialog: happy life. But you ruined it! And now
dialog: it’s not worth nothing. You dragged me
dialog: down... til it’s nothing... and I don’t
dialog: know why. I don’t know why you did it...
text: Lee wakes with pain. She knows the significance of her next
dialog: words.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Selby holds the phone, as before, surrounded by policemen and
text: recording devices.
speaker_heading: LEE (ON PHONE)
dialog: tr Cause I loved you... and I never wanted
dialog: to loose you... That's all.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: They stare at her, Exchange excited smiles, They're getting
text: tr Selby looks into her lap, trying to hide her pain.
scene_heading: —~ INT. COURTROOM -DAY
text: CU the REEL OF A 3/4 INCH TAPE DECK, rolling slowly forward.
text: The conversation continues with the HIss of it’s source,
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: I love ya with my heart and my soul and
dialog: my mind. And I woulda done anything...
dialog: ++-but I'd’ve never let you down, Sell.
dialog: . Cause it was me. It was only me. Okay,
dialog: I’m agreeing... you know?
text: U2's rendition of ‘Unchained Melody’ begins.
text: CU Lee. She listens from the defense table. She struggles to
text: appear strong but tears begin streaming down her” face,
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.) (CONT'D) .
dialog: And I'll let them know that, okay?...
dialog: I'll tell em everything. Cause I’m not
dialog: gonna let you go down. But it’s over for
dialog: me now. It’s over... I'll never see you
dialog: again...
text: ( Selby SITS ON THE STAND. Looking away, fighting emotion but
text: desperately avoiding Lee's devastated gaze.
speaker_heading: The TAPED
speaker_heading: SELBY (0.S.)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: LEE (0.8.)
dialog: I wish there was a way... that people
dialog: could forgive you for something like
dialog: this...? But they can’t.
speaker_heading: SELBY (0.S.)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LEE (0.8.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: They just can’t... So I’m gonna die,
text: CONVERSATION lowers as the LYRICS comes up.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D) (0.8.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But it’s not yer fault, okay. I still
dialog: love ya Selby. I always will. Even
dialog: after... and I don’t give a fuck if I
dialog: live or die, so, you know.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: m
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: Ct
dialog: « )
dialog: f
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D) (0.8.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (sniffs)
dialog: Okay, go back home and by the time you
dialog: get back it’ll all be okay for ya...
speaker_heading: SELBY (0.S.)
dialog: Alright...
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: Just hold onto the Phone for a little
dialog: while, please, can you please?...
scene_heading: INT PRISON CELL - NIGHT
text: Lee lays on her cot. Her eyes are closed.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D) (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (sniffing)
dialog: Okay, Selby... I'11 never forget ya.
speaker_heading: SELBY (0.S.)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: Okay. Bye, my baby.
speaker_heading: SELBY (0.S.)
dialog: Bye.
text: Her eyes open with bitter sweet smile of acceptance.
speaker_heading: LEE ( 0.S.)
dialog: Bye baby...
speaker_heading: SELBY ( 0.8.)
dialog: Bye Lee.
text: The music lowers.
dialog: The
dialog: Lee
dialog: die.
speaker_heading: THE
speaker_heading: AILEEN (V.0.)
dialog: Love conquers all... Every cloud has a
dialog: Sliver lining... Faith can move
dialog: mountains... Love will always find a
dialog: way... Everything happens for 4 reason...
dialog: Where there is life, there is hope...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: + Awww well, they gotta tell you
dialog: something.
text: MUSIC FADES UP as the lyrics return.
text: ‘s smile fades into sorrow. She lays alone, waiting to
speaker_heading: END
dialog: 126.
dialog: 
