speaker_heading: MOONLIGHT
dialog: Written by
dialog: Barry Jenkins
dialog: Based on
dialog: "In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue"
dialog: By Tarell Alvin McCraney
text: First, over BLACK, we hear...
text: The SOUND of the ocean, then...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. 58TH TERRACE/13TH AVE - DAY 1
text: A bright Miami day. Or what we can see of it: our gaze fixed,
text: looking into the front windshield of a wide, vintage car
dialog: (think 60s, American).
text: At the wheel find JUAN (30's, some sort of Afro-Latino thing
text: about him) pulling towards us and coming to a stop. Behind
text: him, a shady, rundown apartment building abuts the road,
text: three boys standing outside it.
text: Juan cuts his engine, exits the car and begins across the
text: street. The boys tense up as Juan approaches, make room as he
text: continues all the way over to the brick wall behind them.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Business good?
text: One of the boys, TERRENCE (18, dreadlocks and rail thin),
text: bows his chest to speak.
speaker_heading: TERRENCE
dialog: Business good. Everybody cleaned
dialog: out, it's in the cut if you want
dialog: it.
text: Juan just nodding his head, looking at the ground stretching
text: before them, kind of day where phosphorous fumes wave above
dialog: the asphalt.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Hold on to that, register don't
dialog: empty til' the weekend, feel me?
text: Terrence nodding, the other boys' heads bowed slightly, a
text: hierarchy here. As Terrence removes a chocolate Yoohoo from
dialog: his back pocket...
text: «+.-a zombie approaches.
text: Or rather, a customer, tall, lanky, haggard looking man
text: approaching across the road.
speaker_heading: TERRENCE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: This muh---
dialog: 2.
text: The haggard man, continuing over, gets near enough to stand
text: right over Juan. Juan looks up, simmering.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Azu you okay, man?
text: AZU (30s, broken) staggers a bit, face unsure:
speaker_heading: AZU
dialog: (Realizing)
dialog: Oh my bad Juan. No disrespect.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: What you need?
speaker_heading: AZU
dialog: You know you my man, right Juan?
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Azu don’t bring that noise. I got
dialog: sells, not samples.
text: Azu reluctantly extends some bills to Juan. Juan paying the
text: money no mind, looks straight ahead as Terrence leans in,
dialog: takes the money.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TERRENCE
dialog: Nigga you know the drill.
text: Azu sighs, turns and begins down the block slowly,
text: deliberately. Terrence watching him go, then...
text: .+-motions to one of the other boys, the boy watching Azu
text: carefully then slipping away, around the corner of this
text: complex, the third boy placing his back at the corner of the
dialog: building.
text: As the other boy appears from around the corner again, hands
text: stuffed in his pockets...
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY 1 (0.S.)
dialog: Get that nigga!
text: Juan looks away from Terrence, across the road and sees...
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING PROJECTS - DAY - CONTINUOUS 2
text: Three young boys (adolescents, 12/13 years old) with sticks
text: chasing LITTLE (similarly aged but smaller, a runt) who is
text: running, terrified.
speaker_heading: 3A
dialog: 3.
text: The three boys laughing as they give chase but... this is not
text: a game, more like a hunt.
text: Little crosses the street in a panic, enters an unfenced lot,
text: heads for the rear most corner as the boys close in, chase
dialog: him through --
scene_heading: EXT. CONDEMNED BUILDING/CRACKHOUSE - DAY - CONTINUOUS 3
text: AN UNHINGED FENCE -- Little squeezing through, doesn’t look
text: back as the other boys attempt to shimmy and wiggle their way
text: though, too big to glide through like Little.
text: LITTLE hauling ass, chest heaving as he rounds the corner on
text: this condemned building. On instinct, the stairs taken two at
text: a time, reaches the second story landing and pushes his way
dialog: into...
scene_heading: INT. CONDEMNED BUILDING/CRACKHOUSE - DAY - CONTINUOUS 3A
text: Quickly: Little closes the heavy door behind him, engages the
text: dead-bolt.
dialog: Beat.
text: A beat of listening, the SOUND of footsteps hurrying up the
text: steps, rushing to the door and...
text: POUNDING. Madness and pounding, the boys cackling like Hyenas
text: as they beat the living hell out of that door.
text: Little shrinking, backing away and covering his ears. The
text: SOUND of things cracking under his feet as he moves: the
text: ground is covered with glass and syringes, small plastic
text: vials rolling around all over.
text: The pounding stops. Little staring at the door as he HEARS
text: the boys descending the steps with that same juiced energy.
text: Little’s eyes never leaving that door -- waiting,
dialog: anticipating, expe--
text: BANG! A window, the rear bedroom. Doesn’t shatter, just a
text: loud, percussive thump. Little creeps across the room -- the
text: same CRUNCH of glass beneath his feet, creeps into...
text: THE REAR BEDROOM: more light in here than in the front, from
text: that window. Little edges up to it, leaned away to not be
text: seen. Slowly, stealthily, he raises his eyes above the
text: threshold, SEES the three little bad asses who chased him. On
dialog: cue --
text: THUMP! A ratty shoe clanging off the windowpane. Reflex --
text: Little startles, throws himself against the adjacent wall.
speaker_heading: 3B
dialog: 4.
text: As he clinches his eyes closed, breath cloistered up in his
dialog: chest--
speaker_heading: UP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A GLASS PIPE
text: .+-held up to catch the light.
scene_heading: INT. CONDEMNED BUILDING/CRACKHOUSE - DAY - LATER 3B
text: Little stands in the kitchen of this place, holding the
text: aforementioned glass pipe, staring at it closely.
text: He sets it down, starts opening cabinets and drawers, just a
dialog: kid exploring, when...
text: BAM BAM BAM! -- thudding from the living room. Rather than
text: the door, a pounding on the front windows, on the boarded up
text: wood nailed shut where glass would be.
text: Little huddles in on himself, looks on terrified as...
text: .+.a light, a hand as the edge of the plywood gives, a full-
text: size of it giving way to reveal a tall figure, calm.
text: Adjusting for the light, we see him fully: it’s Juan.
text: Juan reaching a leg over the threshold, stands just inside
text: without encroaching on Little’s space.
text: A beat as the two take each other in, then:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: What you doin' in here, 1il’ man?
text: Little says nothing, just watches him.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: You don’t talk to strangers, huh?
text: Juan takes a step forward... and Little takes a step back.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: (raising his hands)
dialog: Alright.
dialog: It’s cool.
dialog: We cool.
text: Juan runs a hand across his scalp, thinking -- What the hell
dialog: does he do?
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Well listen: I’m’a go get something
dialog: to eat. You welcome to join me, I
dialog: mean....
text: Juan begins across this small space, gets a hand on the
dialog: deadbolt:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Mind if I take the front door?
text: Juan opens the door, steps onto the porch, turns back. His
text: stance open, one hand on the door, the other open, extended
dialog: toward Little.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Come on, now.
dialog: Can’t be much worse out here.
dialog: Off Little...
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: And over BLACK, the TITLE CARD:
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: I.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 4
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL CASTLE - DAY 5
text: Juan and Little at a booth, plates of food sitting between
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: So...
text: Little just eating, not a single other care in the world but
dialog: this meal.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: You not gon' tell me what yo' name
dialog: is?
text: Nothing. Little finishing a drumstick, dips a biscuit into
text: the gravy there. He's hungry.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: What about where you live? Gotta
dialog: get you home, man. Can't just have
dialog: you runnin' round these dope holes.
speaker_heading: 5A
text: Juan reaching across the table now, slowly pulls Little's
text: tray over to his side. Little just looking down at the empty
text: table before him.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: My bad, 1il' man. I wouldn't do you
dialog: like that. I apologize, alright?
text: Juan sliding the food back to Little with his left hand, with
text: his right reaches across to touch the boy's shoulder:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: I apologize, alright?
text: Little looking up now, holds Juan's gaze a moment. Nods his
text: head in assent.
dialog: Off Juan...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 5A
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JUAN'S CAR - DAY - MOVING 6
text: Juan at the wheel. And on the stereo, the same song bridged
text: from the previous scene, something old school but slowed
text: (like Al Green's Let's Stay Together) chopped and screwed.
text: Juan ad-libs with the music, crooning. Little gives him the
dialog: weirdest.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: What? You don’t know nothing ‘bout
dialog: that chopped and screwed?
text: Little shrinking into his seat, shy. Juan just shakes his
text: head, megawatt smile as they push on.
scene_heading: EXT. JUAN'S HOME - DAY 7
text: A plot of land, a modest bungalow set way back from the road,
text: the longest grass driveway.
text: Juan shutting the driver's side door of that Cadillac,
text: beginning up the lawn toward the front door of this place,
dialog: calls out:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Teresa!
text: Juan continuing up the walk as a woman, (TERESA, 20s,
text: motherly) appears at the front door, steps onto the porch as
text: Juan gestures back to...
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JUAN'S CAR - DAY - CONTINUOUS 8
text: Little still sitting in that passenger seat.
text: Looks out beyond that windshield, Teresa and Juan talking,
text: gesturing animatedly back at the car.
text: Little shrinking down in the seat a bit, suddenly bashful
dialog: as...
text: ...Teresa begins towards us, towards him.
text: Little watching the whole way as she approaches, makes her
text: way down to the driver's side of that Cadillac, a hand to the
dialog: door there and...
text: ...takes a seat.
text: A meeting of eyes between Little and Teresa, looking right
dialog: into one another.
dialog: The longest beat, then...
scene_heading: INT. JUAN'S HOME - NIGHT 9
text: Juan, Teresa, Little gathered at a modest dining table, the
text: two grown-ups watching the child going to work on what
text: appears a delicious plate of home-cooking.
text: Something odd about this dining room: the walls are two
text: colors, in the midst of being painted. A few paint tins and
text: rollers line the floor, a work in progress.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: You don't talk much but you damn
dialog: sure can eat.
text: Teresa smiling.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: That's alright, baby. You talk when
dialog: you ready.
text: Little looking up from his plate at that, something about
text: Teresa's voice, her presence, clicking with him.
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: My name Chiron.
dialog: (and)
dialog: But people call me Little.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: I'm gon' call you by your name.
text: Little shrugs.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Where you live, Chiron?
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: Liberty City.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: You live with yo' mama?
text: A nod yes from Little.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: And what about yo' daddy?
text: Nothing. Not a blink, not a nod, barely a breath, just
text: stillness.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: You want us to take you home, then?
dialog: (and)
dialog: After you finish eating, maybe?
text: Little lowering his eyes now, gaze going to the table in
text: front of him:
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: No.
text: Teresa and Juan exchanging a look: a confirmation between
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Okay then.
dialog: Okay.
dialog: You... you can stay here tonight.
dialog: Would you like that?
text: Little nodding yes.
dialog: Off Juan taking in this kid...
speaker_heading: OMITTED 10
scene_heading: INT. JUAN’S HOME, SPARE BEDROOM - DAY 11
text: LITTLE: fast asleep, extremely close to him here, chest
text: rising and falling with the soothing rhythms of sleep.
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
text: REVERSE ANGLE: JUAN. Standing above the boy, watching him
dialog: sleep.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JUAN'S CAR - DAY - MOVING 12
text: The windows down, a steady but muted wind, Little with his
text: head leaned out the window there.
text: Juan watches the boy as he drives, taking his eyes away from
text: the road to look across the bench seat every now and then.
scene_heading: EXT. PAULA’S APT - DAY 13
text: Juan and Little standing on the porch of this closed
text: apartment, Juan's hand on Little's shoulder.
text: They're waiting, Juan looking through the curtains there, no
text: telling if anyone's inside or not. Is raising his hand to
dialog: knock once more, when...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: What happened! ?
text: Juan turning, sees a thin, exhausted (but attractive) woman
text: hurrying over.
text: This is PAULA (mid 20s, Little’s mother). From the looks of
text: her uniform and a badge that reads “Paula Harris,” a nurse,
text: just off the night shift. She goes right to Little, pulls him
text: into her arms, shields him from Juan:
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What happened Chiron? Why you
dialog: didn’t come home like you supposed
dialog: to?!
text: Nothing from Little, eyes cast down, afraid, ashamed. Paula
text: looking up to Juan, finally gets a good look at him:
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: And who is you?
text: Juan considering this, is oddly unsure how to respond, so...
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Nobody.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Found him yesterday. Found him in
dialog: that hole over on 15th.
text: And at Paula's face dropping with recognition:
dialog: 14
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: That one.
text: Paula lowering to her knees, eye-level with Little again,
dialog: inspecting him:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Wouldn't tell me where he stayed
dialog: until this morning. Some boys
text: chased him into the cut. Seemed
dialog: scared more than anything.
text: Little embraces Paula, buries his face in her chest. Paula
text: holding on but looking past him, she and Juan holding eyes.
text: Paula rises, Little slipping behind her.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Thanks for seeing to him. He
dialog: usually can take care of hisself,
dialog: he good that way, but...
text: Paula looking past her son, past this man, thoughts drifting
text: off. From the looks of her, just a hardworking single mother
text: in over her head.
text: Juan's gaze lingering over her, clearly seeing the same and
dialog: yet... just a bit more.
scene_heading: INT. PAULA'S APT - DAY - LATER 14
text: Paula standing as Little sits on the couch -- Paula standing
text: above Little, hands on hips.
text: Doesn't speak, just looks at the boy, a bewildered look.
text: Still in that uniform, strain at the corner of her eyes.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You a real damn prize, Chiron, you
dialog: know that?
text: Little just looking at his feet, staring at the floor.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You got’sta come home when you
dialog: meant to come home, you hear?
text: Nothing from the boy. Paula gets down to a knee, takes both
text: his shoulders in her hands:
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You hear?
dialog: 15
dialog: 11.
text: A slow nod from Little, does indeed.
text: A beat and, like a wave, something relaxing in Paula, makes
text: her soft, loving again.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: That's alright baby, that's
dialog: alright.
text: Paula rests a hand on Little’s head, pulls him in tight.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Mama just want to make sure you’re
dialog: okay, that's all baby.
dialog: Paula still holding on to Little, to say it's for dear life
dialog: would not be at all an exaggeration.
text: She releases him and, on cue, Little plops himself down in
text: front of the television, reaches for the analog dial, but --
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Nuh uh, your TV privileges is
dialog: revoked, Buddy Roe.
dialog: Off Little...
scene_heading: EXT. GWEN CHERRY PARK —- DAY - MOVING 15
text: At first, just dirt and rocks, patches of grass coming into
text: view intermittently as we move over this landscape.
dialog: A beat, then...
text: ...the sound of heavy footfalls, twelve to fifteen boys (aged
text: nine to fourteen and of various shapes and sizes, all black),
text: thundering past.
text: WE GO INTO THIS MASS OF ENERGY
text: .+.a wild series of images, our view whipping to and fro as
text: the boys converge and attack, everyone of them focused on a
text: single boy zigging and zagging amongst them.
text: That boy finally on the ground, a mass of bodies as all the
text: other boys pile on top, a true gang-tackle.
text: The boys unpiling now, one by one rising from the scrum,
text: unveil the grass-stained body of a fifteen-year-old boy
text: smiling ear to ear.
text: The tackled kid rises, gets up holding what appears to be a
text: wadded up bunch of newspaper at his chest. All eyes on it as
text: he balances it in his hands before tossing it...
dialog: 16
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: IN THE AIR
text: ..-floating, hanging up there forever until it lands...
scene_heading: AT LITTLE'S FEET
text: Little looking down at this thing in disbelief.
text: All eyes on Little here, voraciously on Little, menace, harm,
dialog: hunger all written there.
text: Little backing away slowly, one foot behind the other, but...
text: .++.-someone kicking the ball, moving it along after him,
text: stalking him.
text: They all circle Little, no room to back away farther, no
dialog: escape.
text: A beat of eyes -- expectant, punitive eyes -- then...
text: A breath, a flash, a miracle: some thing reaching into the
text: scrum, down low at Little's feet, snatches the wad away.
text: Pandemonium, all minds and bodies following that hand, that
text: paper, the scrum muscling past Little, leaves him bumped but
text: spared as the action moves away, elsewhere along this ruddy
dialog: excuse for a field.
text: Little bringing a hand to his eyes, looking after all the
text: movement down there: in the center of all those boys, another
text: kid nearly his size but, in the determination on his face and
text: bravura of his run, a bit... tougher.
text: Off Little watching the boy rip and run and evade kids twice
dialog: his size...
scene_heading: EXT. GWEN CHERRY PARK - DAY 16
text: Little walking alone along this side street.
text: Kicking rocks, grabbing the branches of small trees, listless
dialog: when he hears...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey Little!
text: From a ways off that came, Little looking back, into the sun.
text: Can't quite make him out at first but squinting to see him
dialog: better, a bit of familiarity: it's the kid who just saved his
dialog: ass.
dialog: 13.
text: Little waiting as the kid hurries to catch up. He's a bit
text: fucked up, shirt torn, a scratch along the bridge of his
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Wassup man.
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: Hey Kevin.
text: KEVIN (a facsimile of Little but stronger, more broken in).
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Why'd you leave?
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: I'on't know.
text: Kevin falls into step, the boys walking together now.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah, it get borin' after a while,
dialog: I guess.
text: The boys continue on, Little looking to his new friend every
text: now and then, checking him.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (at Little's looks)
dialog: What?
text: Kevin reaches for his own face now, hand to his chin:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Is it bleedin'?
text: Kevin turns his head just so, invites Little to inspect.
text: Little reaches over, touches Kevin gently at the neck, just
text: below his ear.
text: Little brings his hand back to himself without a word, just
text: this walking, arms swinging, the sound of their feet along
dialog: the pavement.
text: Small glances from one to the other. Kevin smiles:
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You funny, man.
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: Why you say that?
dialog: 17
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You just is, that's all.
text: Again this walking, lack of words, just their arms swinging,
dialog: movement.
text: Up ahead, the school they've been walking beside all this
text: time gives way to a field. They're headed right for it.
text: Kevin taps Little, gestures.
scene_heading: EXT. GWEN CHERRY PARK - DAY 17
text: Kevin and Little standing before one another in this
text: clearing, face to face, like ancient samurai before a
dialog: contest.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: See, you just gotta show them
dialog: niggas you ain't soft.
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: I ain't soft.
dialog: Always and forever a hothead this one.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I know man, I know. But...
dialog: (pauses for effect)
dialog: .-»-don't mean nothin' if they don't
dialog: know.
text: No response from Little, maybe he gets it, maybe he doesn't.
dialog: No matter....
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Come on....
text: Kevin grabs him, places one arm across Little’s shoulder, the
text: other around his waist, rests his head in Little’s chest.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: ...let's wrestle.
text: Little limply obliging, visually, physically passive.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Come on man, you want these niggas
dialog: to pick on you every day?
text: That gets to Little, the boy locking on, muscles tensing:
dialog: they're wrestling.
dialog: 18
dialog: 15.
text: This is anthropology, anatomical vignettes, the struggle of
text: these two boys isolated to the simple, incomplete movements
text: of partially glimpsed bodies.
text: These are children. Sexuality is absent these images and yet,
text: the hints of something sensual, fleeting in its appearances;
text: Kevin's cheek wedged close to Little's neck, blades of grass
text: sticking to their skin.
text: The boys on the ground, turning and rolling and laughing,
text: huffing through exhausted breaths. Slowly, their voices going
text: mute, the only sound the movement of their bodies against
text: each other, against the grass.
text: Physical exhaustion. The boys lie flat.
dialog: Beat.
text: Both Little and Kevin on their backs, looking skyward, chests
text: heaving from the exertion. Kevin pops tall to his feet,
text: fixing his mottled shirt.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: See Chiron, I knew you wasn't soft.
text: Kevin looking back at Little, looking down at him lying
text: there, Little fully returning his gaze, these fourteen pages
text: the first time he's looked at anyone thus.
scene_heading: EXT. JUAN’S HOME - DAY 18
text: A picnic style table on Juan’s front porch, two deck chairs
text: haphazardly beside it.
text: Little is sitting atop the picnic table, small bookbag tossed
text: to the side, shirt distressed and grass-stained from
text: wrestling. A pencil in hand, he’s doing homework.
text: A beat with Little, diligently at his work, time tables or
dialog: some such thing, then...
text: ...the SOUND of tires easing to a stop, Little’s eyes rising,
text: gazing out after the noise.
text: Sets his pencil down as the noise ceases -- break pads
text: squeaking, the sound of a car door opening.
text: Little lowering his eyes as footsteps approach. After a beat
dialog: of those steps nearing...
text: REVERSE ANGLE: Juan standing here, keys turning over in his
text: hand, head cocked to the side, a puzzled look.
dialog: 19
dialog: 16.
text: Little slowly, but... assuredly raising his eyes to meet
dialog: Juan’s.
dialog: Beat.
text: Juan looking from Little to the road and back. The look on
dialog: his face: How'd he???
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI BEACH, SHORE - DAY 19
text: Juan and Little standing ashore, both of them pulling off
text: their shoes, their shirts. This being Miami, both already
dialog: dressed in shorts, this heat.
text: Juan moving away, heading toward the surf. Little following,
text: hurrying to catch up, literally taking hold of Juan's shirt
text: as they move...
speaker_heading: INTO THE OCEAN
text: ..-away from shore, slow, awkward steps, feet in sand.
text: And Little so small, the water rising quickly.
text: Juan still moving away from shore, notices Little no longer
text: beside him. Looks back, the boy a few meters behind.
text: Little looking to Juan and back to the shore behind him,
text: gauging the distance between the two. The look on Juan's
dialog: face: Well?
text: Little diving into the water before him, face down, arms
text: flailing, fighting the water as much as he's moving through
dialog: it.
text: Juan steadying himself, buttresses himself against the
text: current as he reels Little in. The boy clings to him, gasping
text: for air, spitting out salt water.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Hey hey hey, I got you lil' man, I
dialog: got you, calmate, calmate.
dialog: It's movie magic but they're a good ways out now, thirty,
text: forty yards from shore.
text: The water's not so deep out here, Juan standing. Little is
text: far out beyond his height however, Juan supporting him,
text: holding him out at arms length.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: You alright?
text: A nod from Little as he wipes saltwater from his eyes.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Good, good. Now... you gotta help
dialog: yourself now, gotta move your legs,
dialog: keep yourself up.
text: Juan watching as Little flails his legs beneath the surface.
text: Juan laughs.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Nah, not like a chicken, you gotta
dialog: move ‘em side to side like, like
dialog: you making waves with your feet.
text: Juan going into a tread, very smooth, like someone raised in
text: the water, born at its edge.
text: Little taking it to heart, does a passable job of treading.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Not bad, not bad.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Bet you ain't know you could float,
dialog: huh?
text: Juan taking a hand and placing it under Little's legs, gently
text: gesturing him onto his back:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Trust me, I got you.
text: Little laid flat atop the surface now, bobbing with the
dialog: waves.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Now just relax, alright, relax.
text: Little complying -- Little floating, the look on his face
dialog: pure joy. For once, a kid.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: See?
text: Juan slowly, gently, easing his grasp, letting Little go:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Relax now, stay relaxed. See?
text: Juan circling as Little continues to bob with the surface,
text: swimming around Little for this last part, is circling him.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: You ready to learn how to swim?
dialog: 20
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Juan standing again, gets his arms under Little and turns the
text: boy face down in a swimming position.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Alright, you saw me swimming,
dialog: right?
dialog: Nod from Little.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Okay, do like I did, don't put your
dialog: head under water. And your arms,
dialog: try and do 'em like I did mine.
text: Little mimicking Juan's swimming as Juan holds him aloft,
text: Juan holding him fully in place for this practice.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Smoother, more easy'like.
text: Little settling noticeably, gradually. It's a stretch but...
text: looks passable, like maybe he could.
text: Juan turning him back upright, Little going back to his
text: awkward treading.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Alright 1il' man.
dialog: I think you ready.
text: Little considering that, bobbing in the ocean as he treads.
text: His eyes on the water stretching out before him, endless.
text: Even in this dying light, stretching on forever.
text: Meets Juan's gaze now. Finds compassion, hope there.
dialog: Off Juan...
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI BEACH, SHORE - DAY 20
text: Little and Juan sitting ashore, a towel wrapped around the
text: boy as they watch the moon come up.
text: The moon making its first appearance on the horizon -- SOUND
text: of the waves running back and forth, to and from shore.
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: Juan, can I ask you somethin'?
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Yeah 1il' man, ask me whatever.
dialog: 19.
text: Little nodding, taking his time, oddly nervous about this:
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: Okay... why your name Juan?
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: How you mean?
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: Juan is like a Spanish name.
dialog: (and after a thought)
dialog: But you black just like me.
text: Juan turning his head to the boy. A smile and then a full
text: blown laugh, Juan losing it.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: (through his laugh)
dialog: Little, you a funny lil' dude, you
dialog: know that?!
text: Juan slapping his knee here, really enjoying this moment.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: (coming down)
dialog: Let me tell you somethin': it's
dialog: black people everywhere, you
dialog: remember that, okay? Ain't no place
dialog: in the world ain't what got no
dialog: black people, we was the first ones
dialog: on this planet.
text: Little embarrassed, poking at the sand before him. Juan
text: places a hand to his shoulder:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: I'm from Cuba. Lotta black folks in
dialog: Cuba but you wouldn't know it from
dialog: being here. Was a wild lil' shorty
dialog: just like you, used to run around
dialog: with no shoes on when the moon was
dialog: out.
text: Juan's thoughts drifting, taking him away from here for a
dialog: beat. To those waves possibly, arriving on this shore from
text: that other shore he's describing not so far away.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: This one time... I ran by this old,
dialog: old lady, was just a runnin' anda
dialog: hollerin' and cuttin' a fool, boy.
dialog: And this old lady, she stop me and
dialog: she say to me, ‘Look at you.
dialog: 21
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: JUAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I was a lil’ bad ass too, you
dialog: know.' She say, ‘Look at you’ and I
dialog: say ‘Look at you!’ Then she smiled
dialog: and she say, ‘running around
dialog: catching up all this light. In
dialog: moonlight’ she say, ‘black boys
dialog: look blue. You blue,’ she say.
dialog: ‘That’s what I’m gone call you:
dialog: Blue.’
dialog: off Little.
scene_heading: EXT. PAULA'S APT - NIGHT 21
text: Little and Juan approach the apartment complex.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: So how you like swimmin’?
text: Nothing from Little. Heard him but the words too heavy to
dialog: present themselves.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: That good, huh?
text: Juan grabs Little’s head and playfully shakes it. The boy
text: smiles, bashful, happy.
text: They reach Paula's apartment, Little knocking and calling
dialog: out:
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: Mama!
text: A beat, then... Paula’s at the door, a bit drowsy, disheveled
text: in a way different than the work weary version glimpsed
dialog: before.
text: A moment of Juan taking in Paula. None of them utter a word
text: for a moment, just the distinct sound of a can opening from
text: inside the apartment, all of them noting it.
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: Hey Mama.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: I--
text: Paula takes Little by the shoulder, pulls him inside.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: 24A
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. PAULA'S APT - NIGHT 22
text: Little standing away from Paula, face open and curious as we
text: see what he sees: an average, working class black man --
text: longshoreman type -- sitting at the small dining table just
text: off the kitchen.
text: Paula standing as this man sits watching Little, neither of
text: them seeming very familiar with the other; neither seeming
dialog: very interested in the other.
text: A lot of busy work from Paula there, taking things into her
dialog: arms: glass things, aluminum things, curious things we cannot
dialog: quite see.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: (at man)
dialog: Come on.
text: Paula heading off toward the rear bedroom, the man quietly
text: rising after her, the can of Old English we heard opening
text: clutched in his hand as he follows her across the apartment.
text: Little watching the procession -- confused, suspicious --
text: eyes lingering on the bedroom door as it closes behind them.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 23
scene_heading: INT/EXT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY 24
text: Little entering the front gates of this school.
text: No other kids around, he’s either late or early as a SCHOOL
text: GUARD waves him through.
scene_heading: INT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, DANCE ROOM - DAY 24AB
text: An open room: high ceilings, grey dance mat spanning the bulk
text: of the room, mirrors running the length of two walls, a
dialog: ballet studio.
text: Fifteen to twenty boys and girls moving about -- no
dialog: coordination, just movement and silliness.
text: We find Little among them, throwing his head back, moving his
dialog: hips to lord knows what rhythm. And holy hell: for the first
dialog: time all film, it looks like he might be having fun as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 24B
dialog: 25
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY - MOVING 24B
text: Moving with Little as he makes his way along an exterior
dialog: pathway within this school.
text: His backpack pulled tight on his shoulders, no one else
text: around as he crosses this space. Ahead of him, a wooden plank
text: appears, leading to adjoining portable classrooms.
text: Little heads up the path, steps into...
scene_heading: INT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, PORTABLE CLASSROOM - DAY 25
text: Little taking two steps in, stops immediately.
text: REVERSE ANGLE: A circle of boys
text: ...seven in a semi-circle, their backs to us, older looking
text: for an elementary, all of them looking down and in on one
dialog: another.
text: All eyes go to Little, a hurried, hushed business. One of the
text: boys breaks away from the circle, hustles over. As he nears,
text: his identity becomes clear: this is Kevin from our earlier
dialog: “wrestle.”
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Somebody with you?
text: A nod “no” from Little, Kevin moving past him, over to the
text: portable door and “locks” it. Grabs Little’s shoulder strap,
text: pulls him over to the circle.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I swear it was locked.
dialog: ...wedges Little...
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CIRCLE
text: ...the other boys barely paying attention as we take them all
text: in, drifting from face to face inside this circle.
text: All their eyes and hands are cast down: they’re comparing
dialog: their dicks.
dialog: We drift within this circle:
speaker_heading: PORTABLE BOY 1
dialog: Yo’ shit ugly as hell.
speaker_heading: PORTABLE BOY 2
dialog: So, at least mine ain’t a peanut.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: PORTABLE BOY 3
dialog: He got a Freddy Kruger dick, yo’
dialog: shit look like Freddy.
speaker_heading: PORTABLE BOY 1
dialog: Yo’ shit ain’t even that big, it’s
dialog: like the same size as mine, look.
text: Boy 1 leaning into the circle, his head nearly butting Boy
text: 2's, facing him, they may as well be touching dicks.
speaker_heading: PORTABLE BOY 1
dialog: See!
text: Boy 1 distracted now, looking over at Little.
speaker_heading: PORTABLE BOY 1
dialog: Who let his ass in?
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: He just came in.
text: Kevin is over at the door again, playing lookout.
speaker_heading: PORTABLE BOY 1
dialog: What they call you? Little, right?
speaker_heading: PORTABLE BOY 1
dialog: Show your shit.
speaker_heading: PORTABLE BOY 3
dialog: Why you think they call him Little?
text: Laughs from all the tough guys gathered, Boy 1 grabbing
text: Little roughly by the neck, watching as Little reaches down
text: to himself, nervously unzips his pants.
dialog: Beat.
text: All the eyes here cast down again, staring down at Little,
text: down at his dick.
text: A curious, prolonged silence, then...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: .--looking back over his shoulder, back at the circle.
text: From his vantage, the backs of all those heads cast down and
dialog: focused on Little.
text: Off Kevin's gaze, CUT TO...
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: INT. PAULA'S APT - DAY (DUSK) 26
text: Little entering, stopping himself just a few feet inside as
text: the door closes behind him.
text: A beat of Little listening to the house, tiny ears perked
text: just so. Glances at the far wall -- a modest television used
text: to be there. Blinks in confusion.
text: Off the sound of silence...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: FLAME
text: -..a chemical flame of blue and red.
scene_heading: INT. PAULA'S APARTMENT, KITCHEN - NIGHT 27
text: The front burner on this gas range, Little's scrawny, lanky
text: arms setting a five-gallon pot of water to the stove.
text: The quickest beat of Little before the stove, then...
scene_heading: INT. PAULA'S APARTMENT, BATHROOM - NIGHT 28
text: Looking down into a quarter full bathtub, fresh water pouring
text: into it from the spigot.
text: The run of water stopping, the rippling surface slowing as
text: footsteps tread away. A quick beat, then... the return of
text: foot-steps, the sound of them growing nearer as....
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE:
dialog: Little here carrying that five-gallon pot, from the steam
text: coming off it, searing hot with boiling water.
text: Gets it right up to the edge of the tub, expertly, carefully
text: pours it in, face leaned back to avoid the steam furiously
text: rising from the surface.
text: Finishes this pouring and sets the pot down behind him, on
text: its side so the handle props most of its metal surface from
text: the carpet. Reaches down to the floor, retrieves a bottle of
text: dollar store dish washing liquid.
text: As he squeezes a ton of this stuff into the water...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LITTLE
text: ...-in that tub now, soaking in bubbles.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 25.
text: A beat of the boy at peace.
text: An extended beat of this boy at peace, right here with him
dialog: for a change, no distractions, no deflections.
text: So young and yet... so much happening behind those eyes. So
dialog: much weight.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JUAN'S CAR - NIGHT - MOVING 29
text: Neck craned out the window, cruising the neighborhood.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Heyyyyy, Juan!
text: Juan barely nodding at whomever that came from, continuing on
text: his way as we CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TERRENCE
dialog: .--counting out dollars.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED COMPLEX - NIGHT 30
text: Terrence completing a transaction, stuffing money into his
text: pockets and nodding in the direction of one of his runners.
text: Standing opposite him, a face we've seen briefly but will
dialog: recognize: Paula’s longshoreman.
text: As the longshoreman moves off, approaches the runner
text: appearing from behind the complex, Juan approaches, that
text: smooth easy gait of his.
text: It’s a brief moment, but... Juan and the longshoreman meet
text: eyes as they pass one another, nothing of import, but... a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: JUAN
text: .+-approaching Terrence with a nod, all that needs to be
text: spoken as Terrence nods back, whistles at one of the other
text: boys, sends him running off into the cut.
speaker_heading: TERRENCE
dialog: Been a good one today.
text: Just a nod from Juan, his attention elsewhere now, following
text: after the longshoreman. Down the block a ways, not close but
text: within shouting distance, we SEE the longshoreman getting
text: into the driver's side of a Chrysler sedan.
dialog: Beat.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: They basin’?
text: Nothing from Terrence, just watching the same as Juan.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: You lettin’ niggas light up at the
dialog: spot, now?
dialog: (moving now)
dialog: You know the rules, no lightin’ up
text: at the spot.
text: Juan getting to the sidewalk now, moving toward the
text: longshoreman’s car a block or so up ahead.
text: Gets there, finds the windows rolled up, a flash of flame
text: emanating from inside. Knocks on the window.
text: Longshoreman rolls it down with a drugged out smile,
text: shrugging his shoulders in apology. Juan not amused by the
text: display and, catching a glimpse of the woman in the passenger
text: seat, clicks into something much more menacing: it’s Paula.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: What the fuck?
text: Juan rounding the car, wastes no time getting to the
text: passenger side door, pulls it ajar:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Get out.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Who you--
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Get the fuck out.
text: Juan helping her out, takes her by the arm and pulls her to
text: her feet, out here in the road with Juan under street light.
text: Terrence and the others hurrying over at the commotion, Juan
text: looking to the longshoreman (he’s lighting a cigarette,
text: couldn’t care less), waves the boys off.
text: Beat. A very long beat, Juan and Paula both in shock,
text: standing in the road with no clue what comes next. The
text: longshoreman steps from the car, cigarette to his lips, sits
text: on the hood and leans his back to the windshield, puffs into
dialog: the night.
text: Paula clinching in on herself, closes her eyes, almost
text: childlike to make it go away.
dialog: 27.
text: And then, suddenly... coming alive, moving toward Juan, every
text: step something clicking, something changing.
text: Gets right up in his face.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Who the hell you think you is?
dialog: Juan shook, never expected her to jump in:
speaker_heading: PAULA (CONT'D)
dialog: Who the fuck you think you--
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Bitch.
text: Juan grabbing Paula, pushing her back against the car, his
text: hand at her throat driving her back as he subdues her.
text: Drives her against the hood, releases her forcefully. Paula's
text: eyes alight with rage, chest rising as she watches Juan
text: staring at her from across the road.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: So... you gon' raise my son now?
text: Nothing from Juan, all stillness in his holding this gaze:
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Huh?
text: Juan lowering his eyes, legitimately weighs the question.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You gon' raise my son?
dialog: Paula sucking her teeth:
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Yeah... that's what I thought.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: You gon' raise him?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You gon' keep sellin' me rocks?
text: Paula turns from Juan, reaches into the Chrysler, pulls her
text: pipe, a lighter from there. Holds his gaze while taking a
text: charred, black pull.
dialog: Exhales.
dialog: 31
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Motherfucker.
dialog: (and now)
dialog: And don't give me that "You gotta
dialog: get it from somewhere shit” nigga,
dialog: I'm gettin' it from you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you gon' raise my son, right?
text: Paula exhaling into the night air again, lets her head loll a
text: bit to funnel the smoke.
text: Places the pipe back into the car now, approaches Juan, slow
dialog: and confident:
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You ever see the way he walk, Juan?
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Watch your damn mouth.
text: Paula real close now, extremely close, her nose at his chin,
text: looking up into his eyes:
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You gon' tell him why the other
dialog: boys kick his ass all the time?
dialog: Huh?
text: No backing down in Paula's eyes, the line drawn, so sure in
dialog: this declaration.
dialog: And Juan? All doubt, prospect of follow-through finally
text: before him, having to be reconciled.
text: Paula backing away from him, eyes never leaving his:
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: (over her shoulder)
dialog: Come on, let’s go.
text: The longshoreman flicking his cigarette to the ground, the
text: two of them slipping back into the Chrysler, ignition
dialog: catching.
text: Off Juan, CUT TO...
scene_heading: INT. PAULA’S APT - NIGHT 31
text: Paula and Little facing one another, Little standing at his
text: mother’s feet.
dialog: We've caught them in the middle of something, just after
dialog: something.
dialog: 32
dialog: 29.
text: No words spoken, but Little’s face: he’s lost.
scene_heading: INT. JUAN'S HOME, DINING ROOM - DAWN 32
text: Perhaps a bit later than “dawn” but it’s early. Juan moving
text: about in a long-johns top and sweats, rubbing sleep from his
dialog: eyes.
dialog: The moment would seem pure and sweet were it not for the
text: revolver, the tightly rolled wad of bills strewn across the
dialog: table.
text: Teresa is at the table with a notepad and pen. Teresa is
dialog: counting.
text: Juan moves to the table but doesn’t sit. Teresa takes up a
text: cup of coffee, gives him a look, goes back to her ledger.
text: A beat of them in silence this way, Teresa counting, Juan
dialog: thinking, then...
text: Juan crosses to the near wall, looks down to a roller there,
text: a semi-dried pan of paint. He takes up the roller, adds a
text: streak of white paint.
text: Looks off a moment, thoughts gathered. Adds another streak of
dialog: white, then...
text: .«.--a POUNDING at the door, a startle to them both and, as the
text: POUNDING resumes, alarming.
text: Juan sliding the wad of money toward Teresa, takes up his
text: pistol and heads for...
speaker_heading: THE FRONT DOOR
text: ...Juan just to the side of the door, pistol dangled in his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Who ‘dat?
dialog: A beat, then...
speaker_heading: LITTLE (0.S.)
dialog: It’s me.
text: Juan looking down in confusion, doesn’t immediately open the
text: door, but... of course opens the door, pistol tucked behind
text: his back to conceal.
text: Gets a good look at Little.
dialog: 33
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: (freaked out)
dialog: Lil’ Man.
text: Nothing from Little, holds his ground there on the porch,
text: but... something in his eyes.
text: Something smoldering.
scene_heading: INT. JUAN’S HOME, DINING ROOM - DAY - LATER 33
text: Juan and Little sitting at the table. Again silence from the
text: kid, everything cloistered up inside him.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Alright, first things first, can't
text: sit at the table like that.
text: Juan rising, takes Little's chair and slides it around the
text: table a bit, stops the boy with a playful jolt:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Don't ever sit with your back to
dialog: the door, can't see who creepin' up
dialog: on you.
text: Little still not amused, a completely straight face:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: I saw your mama last night.
text: That gets Little's attention.
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: I hate her.
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: I bet you do.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Hated mine too.
text: Little looking to Juan now, finally a break:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: Miss her like hell now. All I'm
dialog: gon' say about that.
text: Teresa stepping in, sets down some kind of juice before them,
text: a glass for Juan, a glass for Little. Juan about to take a
dialog: sip of his when...
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: What's a faggot?
dialog: 31.
text: Juan... blindsided by that one, unprepared and unequipped to
dialog: answer that.
text: Takes a sip of his juice, a deep breath and...
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: A faggot is... a word used to make
dialog: gay people feel bad.
text: Little nodding, processing that.
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: Am I a faggot?
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: No.
dialog: You're not a faggot.
dialog: (and)
dialog: You can be gay, but... you don't
dialog: have to let nobody call you a
dialog: faggot.
dialog: (and after a beat)
dialog: Not unless...
text: Juan looking to Teresa; Teresa motioning him to quit while
text: he's ahead.
text: He takes another sip of that juice.
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: How do I know?
text: Again a look to Teresa, a shrug of the shoulders from her:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: You... you just do.
dialog: (and)
dialog: I think.
text: Little with both hands around his juice, all his senses
text: focused there as his mind goes somewhere altogether
text: different, clearly thinking deeply, forthrightly about this.
text: Juan reaching his cup back to Teresa:
speaker_heading: JUAN
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Gin.
dialog: (and to Little)
dialog: You don't have to know right now,
dialog: you feel me?
dialog: (and)
dialog: Not yet.
dialog: 32.
text: Little nodding, from his demeanor comforted by this. In this
text: state, so wounded and curious, invites the empathy.
text: Little's eyes shifting gears. For a considerable beat, is
text: completely to himself, mulling something over.
text: Lifts his eyes. From the mouths of babes:
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: Do you sell drugs?
text: Juan's face? Crushed.
text: He nods yes.
speaker_heading: LITTLE
dialog: And my momma, she do drugs, right?
text: Again, something falling in Juan, hangs his head even lower.
dialog: A nod yes.
text: Teresa comes over, places a hand on Juan's back.
text: Little takes a sip of his juice, rises without a word. Exits
text: the dining room.
text: The sound of his feet on tile flooring, front door opening,
text: closing. Juan not moving, for once undone.
dialog: Beat.
dialog: Off Juan...
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 34
dialog: 33.
text: OVER BLACK, the sound of breathing, not labored or rushed
dialog: but... proximal, right beside us, then...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: .»».on a teenaged black boy staring across a classroom, gaze
text: fixed with longing.
text: REVERSE ANGLE: Another boy’s mouth, lips full, parted
text: slightly in the act of “breathing” heard at scene’s opening.
text: As the sound of that breathing escalates...
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL, CLASSROOM - DAY 34
text: CHIRON (16) continues his staring. From just the look of him,
text: this is clearly the Little character from moments before aged
text: to his teens.
text: MR. PIERCE (the biology teacher, late 20’s, black) clears his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: MR. PIERCE
dialog: Uh, Chiron, you need something?
text: TERRELL, a 16 year old bully, interrupts.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: That nigga forgot to change his
dialog: tampon.
text: Laughter from the class, pack mentality.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: He having women problems today.
dialog: Ain’t that right, Little?
text: More laughter.
speaker_heading: MR. PIERCE
dialog: Alright, Terrell, that’s enough.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Nah, can't be enough for Little ...
dialog: How much you need, Little?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Don’t call me...
speaker_heading: MR. PIERCE
dialog: Alright Terrell that’s it.
text: Terrell springs out of his desk into Chiron’s face.
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: What the fuck you gone do, nigga?
dialog: I’1l fuck you up.
speaker_heading: MR. PIERCE
dialog: Terrell, out! Right now.
text: Terrell blows a kiss to Chiron walking out.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: School almost out Little....
text: Chiron looking after Terrell, staring at that closed door
dialog: long after’s it’s shut.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - DAY 35
text: The bell’s just rung, students funneling through a cavernous
text: hallway, approaching a set of double doors spilling onto the
text: school driveway.
text: In the middle of it all find Chiron, engulfed in this sea of
text: chaos and, honestly, relieved to be so.
text: As Chiron scans the mass of students approaching those doors
dialog: beside him...
text: .»+.a considerable bump at his shoulder, Chiron looking up to
text: find Terrell knocking past him. Terrell, Pizzo and a crew of
text: roughnecks laugh and ad-lib shit-talk as they continue past,
text: move through the crowd.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Umma be waitin’ for yo’ ass Little.
text: Terrell smiling as he hurries on, as if inviting him to a
dialog: play date.
text: Off Chiron’s shook face...
speaker_heading: UP CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - DAY - LATER 36
text: Upstairs now, the second story of this building.
text: An open air stairwell cornered on two sides by corrugated
text: fencing, Chiron gets on his toes, looks down into the
dialog: courtyard below --
text: Terrell is down there, rough-housing and talking shit with a
text: group of knuckleheads.
dialog: Chiron speaking to himself...
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Come on Chiron.
text: .+-when he’s hears voices echoing behind.
text: Chiron looks, sees an admin looking type moving away down the
text: hall as a smooth as hell looking teen approaches. As the teen
text: gets closer, his identity becomes clearer: it’s KEVIN.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Chiron, what you doing man?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You just standing there straight
dialog: spaced. School been out, nigga, you
dialog: ain't goin’ home?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: What you still doing here?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (sucking his teeth)
dialog: Detention. Aimes caught me with
dialog: this trick in the stairway.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yup.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: With who?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Damn you nosy, Chiron.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Oh sorry, my bad.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: All I wanted was some quick head
dialog: you know, but this chick all like
dialog: ‘Hit that shit Kevin. Hit it with
dialog: that big dick- Why she had to
dialog: compliment a nigga? So I was like
dialog: aight... we can do this. I started
text: banging her back out...
dialog: 37
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: she started making all this fucking
text: noise though. Mr. Aimes walked in
dialog: and went all Five-O, almost had my
dialog: ass suspended, but I told him we
dialog: was childhood sweethearts and all
dialog: that, talked it all out. So I just
dialog: got detention.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Eh, but that shit stay between us,
dialog: yeah? I know you can keep a secret.
text: A slow nod from Chiron.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: But real talk, I gotta go before
dialog: this fool change his mind.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Alright Kevin.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Later, Black.
dialog: Off Chiron...
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: And over BLACK, the TITLE CARD:
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: II.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBERTY SQUARE HOUSING PROJECTS - DAY 37
text: Chiron approaching an apartment complex (different than
text: Little’s home in the previous story) in the twelfth stage of
text: neglect, all chipped paint and autos up on cinderblocks out
dialog: front.
text: Books and backpack in tow, he climbs a flight of stairs to
text: the second story and approaches an apartment down on the far
text: end. As he unlocks the door...
text: +-a rush of energy greets him from within.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (moving)
dialog: Uh uh. No you can not be here
dialog: tonight. I got company coming.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. PAULA'S LIBERTY SQUARE APT —- DAY - CONTINUOUS 38
text: PAULA (30s now, worse for the wear), looking as strung out as
text: ever as she rushes past him...
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Hey Ma....
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: Find somewhere for you to be.
text: Paula slips into the rear bedroom, closes the door behind her
text: with a considerable thud.
text: Chiron stares at that door indifferently: this is nothing new
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 39
scene_heading: EXT. JUAN’S HOME - DAY 40
text: Chiron walking up the block, approaching Juan’s home.
text: As he nears it, we HEAR:
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Well I’1l be -- Chiron?!
text: TERESA appears from the yard, out there in the yard, a bushel
text: of dead palm fronds in hand. She’s aged some, but certainly
dialog: aged better than the rest.
text: Pulls Chiron into a hug, beaming the most amazing smile.
scene_heading: INT. JUAN’S HOME - NIGHT 41
text: Chiron and Teresa at the table in Teresa’s dining room, fresh
text: plates of food before both.
text: Teresa watching as Chiron picks at his plate, paying it just
dialog: enough attention to qualify as eating. Still...
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Nothing, I’m good.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Nah. I seen good and you ain’t it:
dialog: what’s wrong, Little?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Don’t call me that.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Don’t call you what?
dialog: Your name?
dialog: You grown now?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: I didn’t say that.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Then what you sayin’?
text: Chiron goes quiet. Doesn’t take much.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: I’m just messin’ with you boy.
dialog: (and)
dialog: And you right, that ain’t no name
dialog: for you no more. That ain’t you.
dialog: But if you wanna be somethin’
dialog: different, you gotta earn it, you
dialog: gotta make your name true,
dialog: understand?
text: Chiron bows his head, out of embarrassment, out of shame?
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Hey, don’t put your head down in my
dialog: house, you know Teresa’s rule: all
dialog: love, all pride in this house, you
dialog: feel me?
text: He mumbles, he nods.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (and)
dialog: I feel you.
text: Teresa rises. She’s not a tall woman, so...
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Good.
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: Now since you here, there’s some
text: stuff way back on the top shelf in
dialog: the kitchen I’ve been meaning to
dialog: get to.
dialog: 42
dialog: 39.
text: Off Chiron’s smiling face....
scene_heading: INT. JUAN’S HOME, SPARE BEDROOM - NIGHT 42
text: A simple room, small twin bed and a single sitting chair. A
text: window just beyond the bed, looking out onto the side-yard.
text: Chiron standing over the bed, pulling the corner on a fitted
dialog: sheet. From the looks of this room, no one sleeps here. From
dialog: the looks of Chiron, he’s made and unmade this bed before.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Thank you for this.
text: Hadn't noticed Teresa there in the doorway, looking on as
dialog: Chiron goes about this work.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: You know you can stay here anytime,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Yeah. I know. Thank you Teresa, I
dialog: mean it.
text: Teresa moving from that doorway now, approaching Chiron and
dialog: that bed.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: But if you gonna stay here you got
dialog: to learn how to make a bed, boy.
text: Teresa laughing as she takes that corner of sheet from
text: Chiron’s grasp, tugs it lightly: the entire cover slips off
dialog: with ease.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: How you mean, what? That ain’t how
dialog: you make no bed.
text: Teresa moving instinctively, has already got the two bottom
text: corners snagged expertly, is pulling the third corner just so
text: as Chiron watches.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Think you slick, huh? Do it wrong
dialog: so Teresa show up and do it right,
dialog: huh?
dialog: (laughs)
speaker_heading: 42A
dialog: 43
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: TERESA (CONT'D)
dialog: You and Juan, thick as thieves,
dialog: lemme tell you.
text: Teresa looking to Chiron for that last part, what begins as a
text: smile slowly fading, shifting to something more reflective,
dialog: heavy.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: You miss him?
text: Chiron holding her gaze, his silence answer enough.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: Me too.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Me too.
text: Teresa turning from this room, moves down the hall, the door
text: left ajar behind her.
text: Chiron staring after her -- puzzling -- just watching the
text: empty space of the threshold there.
text: Off Chiron’s gaze, CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JUAN’S HOME, BEDROOM - NIGHT - LATER 42A
text: Chiron passed out, deep in sleep.
text: A beat of this slumber, then... the SOUND of water. Sound of
text: water falling and echoing all over, then...
scene_heading: INT. JUAN’S HOME - NIGHT 43
text: Though less a cut than an exhale, a smooth transition as we
dialog: drift through this home.
text: It’s later; much later. And the SOUND of that water is
text: insistent, hitting the roof like automatic fire. As we float
text: past a retreating hallway, find...
speaker_heading: CHIRON
text: ..+-moving through this home in the same direction, his back
dialog: to us -- leading us.
text: As he walks through this space, another sound encroaches upon
text: the SOUND of rain, with every step becoming clearer: the
text: SOUND of a girl moaning, softly whispering inaudible words
dialog: that coo and plea.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 41.
text: Chiron slows but continues, walks deeper into the home. He’s
text: approaching the kitchen. The SOUND intensifies as he finds...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: ..-pressed hard against the back of a girl, SAMANTHA -- older
text: than both boys, sexy like a music video model.
text: Samantha leaned over the kitchen counter, skirt hiked up,
text: back arched just so and pressing Kevin close from behind.
text: Kevin slamming into her again and again, these two fucking in
text: a borderline ridiculous fashion.
text: Chiron still approaching, just inches away, can see
text: Samantha's eyes, unspeakable bliss.
text: Kevin notices him finally, looks to him panting that killer
dialog: smile of his:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You good, Black?
text: Chiron returning a blank stare.
text: Above them, the rain pours like the Victorian Falls as--
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JUAN'S HOME, SPARE BEDROOM - DAY 44
text: Chiron waking from sleep -- in the same position as he’d been
text: sleeping previously -- face someplace between dreariness and
text: confusion, searching for thoughts.
text: Looks out the window there. There’s a small clock beside the
text: bed; checks it.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBERTY SQUARE HOUSING PROJECTS - DAY - MOVING 45
text: Following Chiron down the street as he moves along in
dialog: yesterday’s clothes.
text: He walks quickly. As he reaches the corner.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Chiron...
dialog: Chi.... hey!
text: Chiron turning, spots Paula hurrying over, breathing heavy:
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Hey baby where’d you go last night?
dialog: 46
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: What?
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I’m yo’ mama, ain’t I?
text: Chiron just holding her eyes, not worth a reply.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Why you ain’t just come home later,
dialog: boy?
text: Paula smiles, the kind of smile that’s been forgiven many
dialog: times and many places over.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You had me worried about you. But
dialog: you getting grown I guess I can’t
dialog: be keeping up with you all the
dialog: time. Anyway how Teresa doing? I
dialog: ain’t seen her since the funeral.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: She fine.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: That’s good baby. Listen, Mama
dialog: locked herself out the door, can
dialog: you... come let me in?
text: Chiron watching her, confused.
scene_heading: EXT. PAULA’S LIBERTY SQUARE APT - DAY 46
text: Paula and Chiron ascending the steps toward the second story,
text: Paula moving ahead of him.
text: She gets to the door first, but... moves just past it to let
text: Chiron do the honors. Smiles at him, something disguised in
dialog: the gesture.
text: Chiron digging for his keys as Paula watches intently, at
text: first in his pockets and now in his backpack, Paula’s arms
text: folded in a show of impatience.
text: After a moment of nodding nervously, scratching at her
text: neck... Paula pushes past him, takes the door handle and lets
dialog: herself in.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: I thought you said....
dialog: 47
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. PAULA'S LIBERTY SQUARE APT —- DAY - CONTINUOUS 47
text: Paula walking the apartment determinedly, looking behind half-
text: closed doors and even opening a closet or two.
text: Easing now, she settles in the middle of the space, hands
text: rested at the top of her head. After a beat of thinking, of
dialog: coming to...
text: ...-she turns to Chiron, still there watching from the
text: threshold of the apartment.
text: Paula smiles. Chiron approaches her:
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Mama what you into?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I need some money.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: That's my business, don’t you ask
dialog: me no shit like that.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: I don’t have no--
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Don’t lie to me. I’m your mama.
dialog: That bitch over there ain’t no kin
dialog: to you, I’m your blood, remember?
dialog: (and)
dialog: Now I ain’t feeling good. I need
dialog: something to help me out, baby,
dialog: just float me across this shake,
dialog: you hear?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Where I’m supposed to get money
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Teresa ain't give you nothing, huh?
dialog: Your lil’ play-play mama ain’t put
dialog: something in your hand? Now give me
dialog: that damn money, Chiron.
text: Chiron reaches into his pocket, grabs a few bills there,
dialog: can’t be more than forty dollars but it’s literally his last.
dialog: 48
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Uh huh, I know that bitch like a
dialog: hooker know her trick. You my
dialog: child, okay? And tell that bitch
dialog: she better not forget it.
text: Chiron just stares at Paula, unfolding those bills there,
text: crisping and lining them, force of habit.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Go on to school. Ain’t you late?
text: Chiron just staring, his mother in physical form but someone
dialog: entirely different in mind and spirit.
text: Paula looks up from her counting, finds that scornful face so
text: much like hers looking down on her.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL, CLASSROOM - DAY 48
text: Mr. Pierce at the head of a bored looking class, explaining
dialog: the differences between red and white blood cells.
dialog: Turns to the class:
speaker_heading: MR. PIERCE
dialog: So can you see how a lack of white
dialog: blood cells could be dangerous to
dialog: the human body?
dialog: Crickets in here, no one taking that bait:
speaker_heading: MR. PIERCE
dialog: Okay, can anybody explain what will
dialog: happen to the body when there’s not
dialog: enough white blood cells?
dialog: (and)
dialog: Nobody's leaving this classroom
dialog: until I get a response, this is
dialog: more important for you than it is
dialog: for me, trust me.
text: Pierce scanning the room here now, most honestly don’t know
dialog: the answer, others simply don’t care.
text: Shockingly, a familiar hand goes up:
speaker_heading: MR. PIERCE
dialog: Terrell?
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Ummm yeah Mr. Pierce, I’m gonna
dialog: answer this question, man...
dialog: 49
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: TERRELL (CONT'D)
dialog: but first I just gotta say, why the
dialog: hell this nigga Little wearing the
dialog: same shit he had on yesterday?
text: Big laughs from the class, Terrell hamming it up:
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Ain’t enough white blood cells in
dialog: the world to check the funk comin’
dialog: off his ass, this nigga foul Mr.
dialog: Pierce.
speaker_heading: MR. PIERCE
dialog: Terrell.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: I’m sorry man, I’m sorry, no
dialog: disrespect Mr. Pierce, I’m just
dialog: sayin’.
text: Chiron gripping both edges of his desk, eyes locked there.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: And check it: without the white
dialog: blood cells, body can’t defend
dialog: itself. That’s why all them gay
dialog: niggas croakin’ off that AIDS shit,
dialog: ain’t that right Little?
text: Off Chiron, still staring at that desk.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBERTY SQUARE HOUSING PROJECT - DAY - MOVING 49
text: Moving with Chiron as he makes his way down this street,
text: alone against all this concrete, almost Western-like with his
text: heavy backpack and sagging shoulders.
text: As Chiron continues, notice...
speaker_heading: TERRELL
text: .--following behind with a knucklehead friend (PIZZO, 16).
text: The smiles on their faces are of pure delight: they’re about
dialog: to fuck with him.
text: Chiron speeds up.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Hey Little, wait up man, where you
dialog: going to so fast?
text: Nothing from Chiron, just a quickening of his steps:
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Nigga you can’t hear?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Home.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: (closing in)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: I told you, man, home.
speaker_heading: PIZZO
dialog: You live over there nigga.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: You going to that Spanish chick
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: PIZZO
dialog: That’s Juan lady, ain’t it?
text: Chiron stops walking.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Oh yeah. That chick fine as fuck!
dialog: Juan been dead a minute, that bitch
dialog: give free head? Or she charge like
dialog: Paula? Paula getting cheap though.
dialog: A rock can get your rocks su--
text: Chiron grabbing Terrell at the chest, catches him by
text: surprise, throws all his weight at him, drives him back and
text: stumbling towards a fence.
text: Pizzo on him, kicks Chiron in the hip, jars Terrell free.
text: Chiron facing up on Terrell as he backs away, gets three,
text: four feet between them, enough to keep both Terrell and Pizzo
text: in front of him, fists raised.
text: Terrell shoots a long, heavy stream of spit at Chiron’s feet,
text: ridiculously masculine.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
text: Faggot ass bitch, grabbin’ my chest
dialog: and shit, you see that shit Pizzo?
dialog: Look like this nigga was comin’ on
dialog: to me. I ain’t with that gay shit
dialog: but if you fuck with me, I will
dialog: fuck you.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: TERRELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Give yo’ ass more than you can
dialog: handle, have you beggin’ for your
dialog: crackhead ass mama.
speaker_heading: PIZZO
dialog: Damn dog, you be like...
dialog: .--gettin’ head from the mama and
text: the son at the same time.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: At the same damn time, nigga.
text: The two of them laughing their heads off at this bit of
text: brilliance. Chiron is still standing there:
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: What you said? Say that shit again -
dialog: - I dare yo’ ass, say that shit to
dialog: my face, nigga.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Whatever, man.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Yeah alright -- you better stay yo’
dialog: ass right there if you know what’s
dialog: good for you. I mean dog -- why yo’
dialog: jeans so tight?
text: Terrell turns to Pizzo, clowning --
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: I mean real talk -- you see how
dialog: tight this nigga jeans be? Nigga
dialog: nuts must be chokin’ in them tight
dialog: ass jeans, boy I swear.
speaker_heading: PIZZO
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Nigga nuts be like, “Can a nigga
dialog: get a oxygen tank? We drowning down
dialog: here.”
text: Terrell and Pizzo clowning, laughing their heads off.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Night, “Little.”
speaker_heading: PIZZO
dialog: Haha, yeah -- night night.
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: 50A
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. METRO-RAIL - NIGHT - MOVING 50
text: Chiron asleep on Miami’s much-neglected elevated train, head
text: leaned against its faded cloth seats as it snakes its way
text: above and through the hardened Liberty City.
dialog: From the looks of him, he’s been here awhile. From the feel
text: of him, resting wearily if peacefully, he may have slept
text: through several loops of this train, back and forth from the
text: blight of the hood to the glitz of Coral Gables and back
dialog: again.
text: His head resting on the window, the lights of the train low.
text: We hear the train wheels moving, the lights of the train
text: flickering off and on... of and on, and... finally off.
scene_heading: EXT. COLLINS AVE - NIGHT - ESTABLISHING 50A
text: From very high up, as though viewed from the roof of a condo.
text: And establishing that a Metrobus is pulling away from here,
dialog: having delivered Chiron to...
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH BEACH, 27TH AND COLLINS - NIGHT 51
text: Chiron moving down a dimly lit side-street, Collins receding
text: behind him, the beach growing louder ahead of him.
text: We follow him, moving along behind him as the sound around
text: him shifts, from the noise and chatter of care-free
text: exhibitionism out on Collins... to the whispered loop of the
text: ocean ahead.
text: As he nears the promenade separating the beach from Collins
dialog: Ave and it’s endless resorts...
text: ..-he stops, takes a moment to look back. At what, we’re not
text: sure but, after a beat, he continues on, moves away from us
text: and down into the darkness of the beach.
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI BEACH, SHORE - NIGHT 52
text: Chiron sitting on the shore watching the moon and the stars
text: over the ocean. The sky is clear and yet it’s wild out, the
text: wind whipping the reeds, ocean running waves upon the shore
text: with verve.
text: Tonight, the sea seems immense, moon glowing blue, leaving
text: the ocean a deep black that renders it boundless, entropic.
text: Chiron lost in it all, releasing his troubles in the presence
dialog: of this nature when...
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: You was waitin’ for me?
text: Chiron turning, looks up into that voice, backlit by the
text: bright beacon of a spotlight mounted on the promenade behind,
text: unrecognizable at first, ethereal.
text: A shift in the light: of course it’s Kevin.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Huh.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nice to see you too.
text: Kevin smiles.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What the hell you doing out here?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: What you doing out here?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You in my smoke out habitat, nigga.
text: A beat as something dawns on Kevin:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Oh shit, you come out here to smoke
dialog: too, Chiron?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Something like that...
text: Kevin taking a seat on the sand beside him now, still smiling
dialog: that incredible smile.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Man you know you don’t smoke. Why
dialog: you pretendin’? You puttin’ ona
dialog: show for me, Black?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Why you keep calling me that?
text: A puzzled look from Kevin at first, then pulls a blunt from
text: his pocket.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Black? That’s my nickname for you.
dialog: You don’t like it?
dialog: 53
dialog: 50.
text: A shrug from Chiron as a huge wave hits the shore, demanding
text: their attention as it runs toward them, stops short a few
dialog: feet.
text: Keeps their attention a moment: sound of the Ocean, sound of
text: the wind running through the reeds, the night...
dialog: Kevin sparks flame to that blunt:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You like the water?
text: Chiron says nothing.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Well let me introduce you to some
dialog: fiyah.
dialog: Extends the blunt to Chiron:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Come on now. Ain’t gon’ bite ya’.
text: As Chiron takes the blunt, drags on it with Kevin watching...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI BEACH, SHORE - NIGHT - LATER 53
text: Chiron and Kevin laughing their asses off, both high as hell,
text: a joke or memory lost in the cut.
text: Whatever it was, extremely funny, so funny that as the two
text: stop laughing those gleeful smiles remain, the two of them
text: looking alternately from each other to the ocean and back,
dialog: allowing themselves this bit of shared pleasure.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: That breeze feel good as hell man.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Yeah it do.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Sometimes round the way, where we
dialog: live, you can catch this same
text: breeze. It come through the hood
dialog: and it’s like everything stop for a
dialog: second ‘cause everybody just wanna
dialog: feel it. Everything just get quiet,
dialog: you know?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: And its like all you can hear is
dialog: your own heartbeat, right?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah... feel so good, man.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: So good....
text: A long beat as that thought lingers between them.
dialog: The ocean.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Hell, shit make you wanna cry, feel
dialog: so good.
dialog: Chiron looking to Kevin now:
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: You cry?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nah. But it make me want to.
text: Kevin flashing that big, cool ass smile.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What you cry about? You cry,
dialog: Chiron?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: I cry so much sometimes I think one
dialog: day I’m gone just turn into drops.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: But then you could just roll out
dialog: into the water, right? Roll out
dialog: into the water like all these other
dialog: muhfuckers out here tryna drown
dialog: they sorrows.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Why you say that?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I'm just listenin’ to you, nigga.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Sound like somethin’ you wanna do.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: I wanna do a lotta things that
dialog: don’t make sense.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I didn’t say it don’t make sense.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: But tell me: like what? Like what
dialog: lotta things?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Damn you nosy.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Uh oh. Look at Chiron cursing...
dialog: You tryna get smart with me?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Whatever man.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You trying to get smart?
text: Kevin reaching a hand to Chiron’s neck, places his open palm
text: there deliberately, with feeling.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You trying to get smart, Chiron?
text: Their eyes meeting here, Kevin slowly working his hand along
text: Chiron’s neck, small movement, with feeling.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Huh Chiron?
text: Slowly, nearly subconsciously, Chiron going weak, leans
text: toward Kevin, their weight supporting one another here on the
text: dune.
text: All sound drowned by the echoing ocean, the night covering
dialog: these two as close as they’ve ever been.
text: Both sit up again, facing each other and still close, noses
text: nearly touching.
text: They stare.
dialog: These are waters they’ve never charted, the culmination of
dialog: invitations they’ve been sending since day one.
dialog: 54
dialog: 53.
text: Kevin smiles, his open lips brushing Chiron’s. Chiron
text: startles and... leans in.
dialog: Heavy this kissing, much deeper than just the meeting of
text: lips. A moment more of this heavy petting then...
text: ...the sound of a buckle being undone, Kevin's hand
text: disappearing down below, a gasp from Chiron and...
text: ..+-pressure. Rhythm. Pressure and rhythm as Chiron’s breath
text: catches in his chest, head fully leaned to Kevin’s shoulder,
text: free hand grabbing at the sand as Kevin takes hold of him, a
text: caressing and a pulling and a soothing as....
text: .+-Chiron comes, holding onto Kevin for dear life, choking on
text: the sea breeze.
text: Kevin removing his hand, looks at the cum there before wiping
text: it on the sand.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: I'm...
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Kevin looking at him with the kindest, most open face:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What you got to be sorry for?
dialog: Chiron considering that. Honestly so.
text: The sound of the ocean.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. BOX CHEVY - NIGHT - MOVING 54
text: Chiron sits on the passenger side of this hood chariot,
text: staring at all that passing neon and pastel of South Beach.
text: His face is pure, open.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Whose car this is?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Who you in it with?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: How you got a car?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: With money, how else you get a car?
dialog: (and)
dialog: Boy I swear, for somebody who grew
dialog: up in the hood you green as hell.
dialog: 54.
text: Kevin looking from the road, over at Chiron.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: That's why I like you though.
text: Chiron looking out the window, blushing like a kid.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You live in the Beans, right?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Nothing.
text: Chiron puts his head down. Kevin brings his fist to Chiron’s
text: chin. He pushes slightly so that Chiron raises his head.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You sure?
text: Just a nod from Chiron.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You never did nothing like that,
dialog: huh?
text: A nod no from Chiron. Kevin smiles.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: I figured.
text: Off Chiron, CUT TO...
scene_heading: 55 EXT. PAULA’S LIBERTY SQUARE APT - NIGHT 55
text: Kevin's car pulled up to the curb here, Chiron already out,
text: leaned to the passenger side window.
text: A stilted moment, unsure how to play this.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Thanks for the ride.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: No problem, Black. See you around.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: 58A
dialog: 59
dialog: 55.
text: Kevin extends his fist across this space, Chiron reaching in
text: with his free hand to meet it. Their fists connecting and...
dialog: holding there, just this bit of contact.
text: Chiron smiles.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: Yeah... see you around.
text: Chiron turning from that Chevy, heading toward the near
text: stairwell. We follow him, Chiron continuing on without
text: looking back, the sound of Kevin pulling away down the block.
text: Chiron moving up the exterior steps of this Motel 6 like
text: complex, walking along the banister of the second story
text: dragging his hand along the railing.
text: Reaches his door, gets his key in, holds the doorknob a
dialog: moment, then, deep breath and...
text: .»-he opens it. Just a flash of an image: Paula crossing the
text: living room left to right, hand pressed firmly, aggressively
text: to her own skull, talking to herself.
text: Chiron unfazed, steps inside and closes the door behind him.
text: Hold on this closed door, the sound of Paula yelling
text: inaudibly behind it, then...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: AN ALARM CLOCK
text: .--blaring its synthesized squeal.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 56
speaker_heading: OMITTED 57
speaker_heading: OMITTED 58
speaker_heading: OMITTED 58A
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL, CAFETERIA - DAY 59
text: Chiron staring up at the clock as people push past him
text: hurrying for the lunchtime lineup.
text: Typical high school cafeteria landscape, cool kids wedged
text: into tables to themselves, jocks wedged into tables by
text: themselves, band kids not eating at all, just air-playing
text: their sets, particularly the drum-line, forever table-
dialog: tapping.
dialog: And, of course, almost everybody is black.
dialog: 56.
text: Chiron moves through this mayhem, scanning the room for
text: something, anything inviting. As he passes a group of girls,
text: he spots Kevin sitting by himself.
text: Chiron’s eyes light up but he checks himself, doesn’t want to
text: appear too obvious. He begins to take the longest route to
text: get to where Kevin is but, before he can get halfway through
text: his journey... Terrell sits in front of Kevin.
text: Chiron stops, diverts his attention before either can notice
text: him, heads instead for the lunch-line (his hands have been
dialog: empty).
text: OVER IN THE CORNER...
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Wassup, Kev.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Terrell, what’s good?
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Man a nigga don’t see school no
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I hear you man.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Lunch used to be the shit, though.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nah, the food wasn’t never good.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Nigga, I ain’t talkin’ bout the
dialog: food. But that Friday pizza was the
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (Laughs )
dialog: Yeah, I feel you on that.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: But back in middle school, you
dialog: remember, we used to have some fun
dialog: at lunch. Member, we used to play
dialog: ‘knock down/stay down.’
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah my crazy ass was the king of
dialog: that shit.
dialog: 60
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Oh hell yeah I remember that shit.
dialog: ‘Member that white boy you fucked
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Cuban cat, right? Mauricio?
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Kevin you fucked that kid’s face up
dialog: man. We was calling you Tyson after
dialog: that shit.
text: Kevin nearly blushing here.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: But nigga’s don’t do that no more.
dialog: I mean. You know.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What you sayin’?
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: I’m sayin’, you know, if I point a
dialog: nigga out you gone knock his ass
dialog: down?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: That's the game ain’t it? You dare
dialog: me to swing on him and if I do,
dialog: it’s on you.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Aight.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Aight Kev. Let me see who ass
dialog: gettin’ dropped today.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL, COURTYARD - DAY - LATER 60
text: Lunch over, students begin to wander out of the cafeteria and
text: into the adjacent courtyard.
dialog: We've not seen the full of this school yet. It goes like
text: this: upon entering the guard gate and steps aforementioned,
text: one enters what’s best described as a tunnel, passing the
text: admin suites and principals offices and ultimately spilling
text: into this atrium with three stories of classrooms above and
text: around on four sides, the doors all facing in on this
dialog: courtyard.
dialog: 58.
text: This building did not exist a decade ago; its older, decrepit
dialog: predecessor demolished and replaced with this vision built
text: most in the image of a prison, constructed by the same money
dialog: and resources used to erect those spaces and ultimately with
dialog: the same intention: to keep all who enter watched and in.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
text: ...leans to a stoop out here like a gathering storm, a group
text: of boys milling around him and Kevin.
text: Pizzo is a part of this entourage too, laughing and pointing
text: to various people as they pass, just loud enough for the
text: circle of boys gathered to hear, all of them pointing and
text: snickering, Kevin included.
text: A bright, Miami day, yet... a cloud falling over this
text: courtyard -- a feeling -- this group scaring the other
text: students in the area as a larger and larger swath of space
text: surrounds them.
text: Eventually, someone in particular catches Terrell’s eye: he
text: immediately stops laughing, goes dark... at the sight of
dialog: Chiron.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Kevin.
text: Kevin turns. So does Chiron. They stare at each other.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Hit that nigga Kevin.
text: Kevin looking at Chiron, meeting his eyes, still wearing the
dialog: smile of this group-think, straining to.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: Come on Kev.
speaker_heading: PIZZO
dialog: Hit that nigga Kev...
speaker_heading: BOY 1
dialog: Hit his ass...
speaker_heading: BOY 2
dialog: Bitch ass!
speaker_heading: PIZZO
dialog: Hit that nigga!
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: (at Kevin)
dialog: What the fuck you waitin’ on?
dialog: 59.
text: The boys have surrounded Chiron and Kevin. Kevin steps inside
text: the circle, meets Chiron’s eyes for the briefest moment...
text: .--and wallops Chiron, the force of it rocking Chiron back,
text: sends him down to one knee clutching his jaw.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Stay down.
text: But Chiron begins to stand up.
speaker_heading: TERRELL
dialog: He want to get up?
dialog: Knock his faggot ass back down.
text: Chiron taking a few steps closer to Kevin now, comes right up
text: to him, meets his gaze, chin raised.
text: Beat. Eyes locked, then...
text: .+.-POP, Kevin rocking Chiron again, Chiron staying on his
text: feet though, defiant.
text: After a beat to gather himself, that same clear gaze from
dialog: Chiron
text: Terrell... is pissed. Socks Chiron.
text: It’s open season now: the other boys pouncing, punches
text: falling heavy like rain.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Stay down!
speaker_heading: BOY 2
dialog: Five-O, Five-O!
text: The boys all separating quickly, slipping smoothly into the
text: crowd as the Old School Guard and other authority figures
text: appear, get to Chiron and pull him to his feet.
text: Chiron bruised and bloodied, cuts to his lip and nose, a gash
text: above his eye. The Guard attempting to get his attention:
scene_heading: OLD SCHOOL GUARD
dialog: Who did it? Which of these niggas
dialog: beatin’ on you?
text: But Chiron silent, just staring across at Kevin, the boy
text: returning his gaze, vacant.
text: The lunch bell Rings.
speaker_heading: 60A
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL, PRINCIPLE’S OFFICE - DAY 60A
text: Chiron sitting opposite PRINCIPAL WILLIAMS, 40s, serious but
dialog: kind.
text: Williams just eyes Chiron up, can since the anger simmering
text: beneath the surface. Chiron stares at his feet, refuses to
dialog: meet that gaze:
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL WILLIAMS
dialog: Chiron?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL WILLIAMS
dialog: Chiron, listen: you’re not in
dialog: trouble. You’re not being punished,
dialog: okay? You did nothing wrong, we
dialog: know that, okay?
text: Still nothing, Chiron has completely shut down.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL WILLIAMS
dialog: Look, if you don’t tell us who did
dialog: this we can’t press charges,
dialog: understand?
dialog: (and)
dialog: All them damn kids standing around,
dialog: all of y’all out there and don’t
dialog: nobody got the heart to say who did
dialog: it?
text: That getting Chiron’s attention, head snapping to meet
dialog: Williams’ gaze:
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: You don’t even know.
speaker_heading: WILLIAMS
dialog: Oh I don't? You think all this just
dialog: started, boy?
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: I ain’t no boy.
speaker_heading: WILLIAMS
dialog: Hell you ain’t: if you was a man
dialog: it’d be four other knuckleheads
dialog: sittin’ right there with you.
text: Chiron looking away again out a window there, done with this:
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CHIRON
dialog: (low, breaking)
dialog: You don't even know.
text: Williams taking him in again now, looking further, looking
text: better, sees things in Chiron he’d not seen before; sees him:
speaker_heading: WILLIAMS
dialog: Look son, I’m not blaming you, I’m
dialog: not. I know it’s hard, believe me,
dialog: I’m not tryna disrespect your
dialog: struggle. I just need you to know,
dialog: if you need some help, if you need
dialog: somebody to talk to... that door
dialog: right there, it’s always open, you
dialog: feel me? And as soon as you walk
dialog: through it, let me tell you --
dialog: everything you going through, all
dialog: of it’s gonna get better.
text: Ignoring that, still set on that window.
speaker_heading: WILLIAMS
dialog: You feel me?
text: Off Chiron meeting Williams’ gaze, CUT TO...
scene_heading: INT. PAULA’S LIBERTY SQUARE APT, BATHROOM - NIGHT 61
text: Chiron taking in his own image in the bathroom mirror, left
text: side of his face bruised and swollen, that cut at his right
text: ear clotted with blood.
text: He runs water into the basin and, looking down into it, we
text: notice that it’s already filled with something, a pool of
dialog: ice.
text: Chiron lowering his face to the water, submerging his head in
text: it for the longest moment, long enough to make the silence
dialog: uncomfortable, then...
scene_heading: INT. PAULA’S LIBERTY SQUARE APT, KITCHEN - NIGHT - LATER 62
text: Paula sitting at the kitchen table, a dying cigarette in an
text: ash tray there. She looks beyond exhausted. And fried.
text: Chiron appearing with glasses of water, sits one in front of
text: each of them.
dialog: We leave them this way: neither drinking those waters,
dialog: neither speaking, then...
speaker_heading: OMITTED 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: 65A
speaker_heading: 65B
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - DAY - MOVING 64
text: Chiron passing the Old Security Guard, entering the building.
text: We continue with him, up a flight of steps, into the
text: cavernous tunnel of the school entrance.
text: All eyes looking in at Chiron, in at us.
text: And the SOUND, so many shifting ticks and voices, whispers
text: accompanying those looks, adolescent energy unhinging itself.
text: Chiron entering a stairwell, rising, pushing past other kids
text: towards the second story of this building.
text: Reaches it, steps onto the landing and slips into one of the
text: interior passageways, the sound of those voices and whispers
text: amplified, echoed and refracted off the metal lockers and
dialog: industrial design.
text: But Chiron’s face? Unchanged, still that blankness, that
text: pensiveness. With him all the way as we lead/follow him
text: around a turn, toward a door and into...
speaker_heading: OMITTED 65
speaker_heading: OMITTED 65A
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL, CLASSROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS 65B
text: Chiron entering, moving directly to his seat, a wooden chair
dialog: there.
text: Sets his bookbag atop his desk, takes the chair, slides it
dialog: from the desk and...
text: ..-brings it down atop Terrell’s head.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CRACK!
text: Terrell spilling to the floor; no blood, no movement, a total
text: collapse to the spot where he sat.
dialog: Beat.
text: Everyone in the class in shock, nobody moving, all eyes on
text: Terrell. He’s not moving, not breathing, body prone on the
text: floor. A beat, then...
text: ..-he spasms back to consciousness, a quick convulsing and
text: then a reach for his head.
text: Chiron raising that chair, brings it down on Terrell again,
text: the boy jolting with the impact.
dialog: 66
dialog: 63.
text: Pierce sets upon Chiron. A few others help restrain him.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. HIGH SCHOOL - DAY 66
text: Police lights flash on the school’s walls. Kids all stand
text: outside as well as teachers.
text: Chiron is brought out of the school in handcuffs, lead by two
text: officers, staring and muckraking from the gathering as he
text: passes.
text: Gets down to the street, is ushered into a police car.
text: As he stares out from the backseat, a face at the top of the
text: steps stares back: Kevin.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 64.
text: First, OVER BLACK, a beat of SILENCE and, immediately after,
text: a gasp for air, then...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: .»+.ON a grown man covered in sweat.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK’S APT, BEDROOM - NIGHT 67
text: BLACK (the same Little/Chiron character but late 20s now),
text: sitting upright.
text: Eyes open, staring off into the light spilling through the
text: window-pane above this bed.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK’S APT, KITCHEN - NIGHT 68
text: Black standing at the kitchen sink.
text: The faucet running in the sink before him and, looking down
text: into it, full of ice cubes, plastic trays from a freezer
text: somewhere nearby.
text: Takes a towel, dips it into the water, wrings it slightly.
text: Brings it to his face, covers his eyes, his forehead gently
dialog: with it.
text: Dips it into the basin again, wipes across his chest. Slowly,
text: he lowers his torso to the sink, submerges his face
dialog: completely.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CHEVY IMPALA - DAY - MOVING 69
text: Hot today; hot as hell out today as Black sweats through
text: baggy jeans and over-sized white tee.
text: What’s more, unlike the pensive Black glimpsed recovering
text: from a fevered dream, this one menaces through a full array
text: of gold-fronted teeth.
text: They're impossible to miss as the city passes by outside his
text: window, cruising through the Flats.
text: As the car continues along, we go CLOSE ON: Black’s license
text: plate. The vanity spelling BLACK is interesting, but that
dialog: it’s issued in the state of Georgia is more important.
scene_heading: INT. ATLANTA AGAPE REHAB CENTER - DAY 70
text: Black sitting in the reception area of this Rehab Clinic. He
text: doesn’t look lost here and yet... he doesn’t look
text: comfortable, dressed in a conservative, button-up shirt.
dialog: 65.
text: Two or three others sit on simple chairs beside him, all of
text: them waiting. Finally, from somewhere across the room:
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Chiron Harris?
text: At the sound of his name, Black rises, moves toward that
dialog: voice.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD, ATLANTA AGAPE REHAB CENTER - DAY
text: Black sits in front of PAULA (40s now, hair pulled back,
text: thinned but a light in her eyes that wasn’t there before).
text: Paula looks down and goes into her pocket, pulls out a
text: cigarette. Lights it, almost puts it in her mouth when she
text: stops and stubs it out.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Quittin’ that too.
text: Black just nodding, indifferent.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Trying to, at least.
dialog: How you been?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Alright.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I ain’t sleepin’.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Why not?
dialog: Awkward.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Right. If you knew you'd prolly...
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Bad dreamin’.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Still?
dialog: You ever thought about talking
dialog: about it with somebody? I mean. You
dialog: know, not even like a counsellor.
dialog: Maybe somebody like, like your
dialog: mama?
text: Paula laughs, makes light of it. Black still unmoved. Hard to
text: tell which of these two is in rehab and which isn’t.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Yeah it sound funny to me too. But
dialog: I am your mother, ain’t I? You can
dialog: talk to me if you want to.
dialog: Or at least somebody, you got to
dialog: trust somebody, you hear?
dialog: (then)
dialog: You talk to Teresa?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: How she doing?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: (Shrugs )
dialog: Good.
text: Paula mimics Black’s shrug...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: “Good.”
text: ...face curling into a beautiful, teasing smile. Hard to not
dialog: love this woman, hard to not give her infinite second
dialog: chances.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: When you go home?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Home?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is home. I mean... they
dialog: ‘lowin’ me to stay and work as long
dialog: as I like. I figured, you know,
dialog: might as well help other folks,
dialog: keep myself out of trouble.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: That’s good, mama.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Yeah... I think it is too.
dialog: (a deep breath)
dialog: I really do.
text: Black nodding his head silently, looking away from his
text: mother, over at another mother and son performing this same
text: ritual across the courtyard, down at the stubbed cigarette
text: still clutched at his mother’s lap.
dialog: 67.
text: Paula taking a real good look at her son. Something in her
text: face softening at the sight of his hardened jaw, those gold
dialog: fronts.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: So...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ..+-you still in them streets?
text: Nothing from Black, eyes shifting to the ground now, down and
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Didn't come all the way the hell to
dialog: Georgia to have you fall into the
dialog: same shit, Chiron.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: I'ma go.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: No, you gon’ listen.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: To who, you?
dialog: Really, though?
dialog: You?
text: Black pushing back from the table, rising. Paula grabbing his
text: hand before he can turn, hard as he is, his mother’s touch an
text: instant pause, stands still staring at that ground:
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Not like this, baby.
dialog: And...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Not like this.
text: Black looking down, looking away, looking anywhere but at
dialog: Paula.
text: Black returns to his seat, eyes fixed to a spot.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I messed up baby. I fucked it all
dialog: up, I know that. But yo’ heart
dialog: ain't gotta be black like mine, you
dialog: hear me? I love you baby. I do, I
dialog: love you Chiron. You ain’t gotta
dialog: love me, lord knows I didn’t have
dialog: love for you when you needed it, I
dialog: know that.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: PAULA (CONT'D)
dialog: So you ain’t gotta love me but you
dialog: gon’ know that I love you, you
dialog: hear?
dialog: Nothing from Black.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You hear me, Chiron?
text: Paula yanking that arm.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Damn Mama, yeah.
dialog: (and looking to her now)
dialog: I hear you.
text: Paula taking up that cigarette again, lights it this time. A
text: big, deep drag. Saviors it, pulls all of it deep down into
text: her chest.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: One step at a time, baby.
text: One step at a time.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: And over BLACK, the TITLE CARD:
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: IIt.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CHEVY IMPALA - DAY - MOVING 72
text: Noise and fuzz in here, quads and subs as Black blasts
dialog: something bass-heavy yet moving, think Erykah Badu Chopped
dialog: and Screwed.
text: All elbows and mean mugs as he leans at an angle, seat
text: reclined way back with lips parted to show those fronts; eyes
text: scanning the blocks and corners he’s passing as much as the
text: road he’s driving.
dialog: A moment of him driving this way, then...
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BLACK'S CHEVY IMPALA - NIGHT - MOVING 73
text: Moving with Black as he turns off the main road, pulls into
dialog: his apartment complex.
text: As he makes his way through the parking lot, a figure appears
text: ahead of him, a young guy rising from a stoop, caught in the
text: glare of Black’s headlights.
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 69.
text: Black heads directly for the young guy, then turns away from
text: him, into his parking spot.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 74
scene_heading: INT. BLACK’S APT, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 75
text: Black on the couch, that same white tee from before but in
text: shorts now, flip-flops at his feet. Travis (early 20s, green,
text: the “young guy” from the parking lot) stands before him,
text: hands clasped together behind his back.
text: Dim in here, a table lamp bathing Black’s slate skin in
text: orange warmth, television raking Travis in a cool blue. So
text: dim in fact, we hardly notice the work going at Black's lap:
text: bills unfurled across disparate bills.
text: Black counts. Travis watches.
text: An extended beat of this, Travis’ eyes down at his feet as
text: Black nears the end of his count. Finished, he raises his
text: head, brings his gaze to meet Travis’.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: You short, Travis.
text: Travis’ brow arching with confusion.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Wait, what?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: You short.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Nah I counted it, it’s all there,
dialog: it’s all there on my mama life. You
text: trippin’.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: I’m what?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: I ain’t mean it like that.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Then how you meant it?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: I mean, I....
dialog: 70.
text: Travis trails off there.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Where the rest of the roll?
text: Travis thinks for a second -- maybe he is short, maybe his
text: count is off, but... he straightens, chin up:
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: It’s all there. You might could
dialog: think I’m short... but when I
dialog: handed it to you, it was all there.
dialog: That’s on my mama.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: You sayin’ I’ma liar?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: I ain’t say that.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Then what you sayin’?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: I'm...
dialog: I mean...
dialog: Dog, I’m just--
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: You just what?
text: Travis goes quiet, eyes at his feet -- he’s fucked. Black
text: let's him stew a minute, then... breaks into a toothy grin.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Nah.
dialog: Just fuckin’ with you.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Count good.
dialog: You did good -- did real good.
text: Black extending a few bills toward Travis, waiting as the boy
text: nervously takes them from him.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Can’t be on the corner if you can’t
dialog: take a nigga just fuckin’ with you.
text: Travis nods. Black extending a few more bills toward him,
text: waiting as the boy nervously takes them.
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: 76A
speaker_heading: 76B
speaker_heading: 76C
speaker_heading: 76D
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Heard you been in them dice games,
dialog: too. Watch yo’ back with them
dialog: folks. Be better off at Jai Lai,
dialog: dice game bring nothin’ but pain.
text: Travis wrinkling his face at that:
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: What the hell is “high lie”?
text: Black begins to explain, but... just smiles.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK’S APT, BEDROOM - NIGHT 76
text: Surprisingly, Black fast asleep, resting peacefully under the
text: whir of a small fan.
text: A moment of him sleeping, then... his phone comes to life,
text: vibrating on the bedside table. Black rolls over groggily,
text: silences the thing with a flick of the wrist.
text: After a beat, a second, shorter vibration pierces the quiet.
text: Black retrieves the phone. As he does...
speaker_heading: BEGIN MONTAGE:
scene_heading: INT. BLACK’S APT - NIGHT 76A
text: QUICK IMAGE: Black moving about the apartment in just his
dialog: boxers.
speaker_heading: AUTOMATED VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: You have...one...new message.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK’S APT, KITCHEN - NIGHT 76B
text: QUICK IMAGE: Black standing before the open freezer door,
text: head half-way in to absorb the cool air.
speaker_heading: PAULA (V.O.)
dialog: Chiron, this your mother. I know
dialog: it’s late but figured you ain’t
dialog: never been one much for sleep.
dialog: Wanted to thank you again for
dialog: comin’ to see me.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 76C
scene_heading: INT. BLACK’S APT, BATHROOM - NIGHT 76D
text: QUICK IMAGE: Black in the bathroom, a repeat of his earlier
dialog: ice basin ritual.
dialog: 77
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: PAULA (V.O.)
dialog: That was... that was good of you.
dialog: Hope you gettin’ some rest baby.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Hope you come by again soon.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. BLACK’S APT, BEDROOM - NIGHT 77
text: And it’s as though he never left: flat on his back above the
text: covers, staring up into nothing, the phone there on the
dialog: bedside.
text: An extended beat of quiet here, enough to see this is a man
text: who wrestles with his mind at night, then...
text: ...the phone buzzes again, Black reaching for it
text: instinctively, grabs it without bothering who it is and:
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Ma’, it’s late, I’m tryna sleep, I
dialog: got your message.
dialog: Beat.
dialog: We can hear the other side of this connection. For now, it’s
text: just the white noise of dead air, whomever’s on the other end
dialog: keeping to themselves, then...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (through phone)
dialog: Hello?
text: Black pulls his phone from his ear, checks the display. It’s
text: a 305 number: Miami. His demeanor shifting at the
dialog: realization.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Eh Black, I mean... Chiron, man.
text: Black slowly sits up, just up on his elbows there, brings his
dialog: chest up a bit:
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: How you doing? This... this Kevin.
text: Kevin. Black's face startling, though only so much, such a
dialog: contained man.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: You there?
dialog: Say somethin’, nigga.
dialog: Beat.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: Long time no see, right? I asked
dialog: Teresa if she had your number
dialog: and... I’m workin’ this job man.
dialog: Lotta people comin’ by and this
dialog: dude, he come by today -- made me
dialog: think of you.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: You there?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Yeah, I’m here.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: You remember me?
text: Black looking about himself, around this room before
text: answering. Looks more into his memory than anything else:
dialog: Yes,
text: he remembers him.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: I do.
dialog: Been a while.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: It has.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Where you at?
text: Black closes his eyes.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Georgia.
dialog: Atlanta.
dialog: Been up here ever since....
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah, that’s what I heard.
text: A very long, very dense, very quiet beat.
dialog: 78
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: I’m... I’m sorry about that...
dialog: about all that, Chiron.
dialog: (and after a pause)
dialog: About all that shit what went down,
dialog: man.
text: Black looking about himself, about the room, eyes wandering
dialog: and drifting, had pushed so much of this away.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: Real shit, dog, I am.
text: A sound from Black into the phone, not so much a word as a
text: gesture, guttural, ambiguous, not affirming but a reprieve,
dialog: an allowance for the space to continue.
text: Finally, mercifully:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What you doin’ up there?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: (coming back)
dialog: Not much.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Just trouble.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JIMMY'S EASTSIDE DINER - NIGHT - SAME 78
text: Simple this place, KEVIN (late 20s now) dressed in a chef’s
text: apron behind a staging station, from the looks of the kitchen
text: surrounding him, a diner type place, short-order cook.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Chiron and trouble always found a
dialog: way.
text: Out beyond the staging station Kevin’s leaned to, an old
text: school register, tan colored table tops and matching vintage
text: booths.
dialog: This is one of those relics that will always be a part of
text: Miami. When the tide finally sweeps the city into the
dialog: Atlantic, the last note rising from it will be Compay
text: Segundo’s "Chan Chan" reverberating from this place.
scene_heading: INTERCUT BLACK AND KEVIN
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Yeah... something like that.
dialog: What about you?
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I’m a cook, man.
text: A loud laugh from Black, the clear joy of it a jolt.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: You a cook?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah man, got sent up for some
dialog: stupid shit, same stupid shit we
dialog: always get sent up for. Put me on
dialog: the kitchen line and I kinda took
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Greeeeaaaaaaaaat day, Kevin Jones:
dialog: Chef Boyardee.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I cook better than that shit.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: You better or your ass won’t be
dialog: cooking long, feel me?
text: The two of them laughing there, the familiarity clear,
text: asserting itself.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah, so... I just thought about
dialog: you man. There’s a jukebox in here,
dialog: folks come in and play they songs
dialog: and that’s the music we get in
dialog: here. This dude, man....
text: Kevin trailing off there, thoughts wondering, eyes drifting
text: over to that jukebox, one of the old school types with actual
dialog: CDs and pages that flip when commanded.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Yeah....
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: ...this dude reminded me of you.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: What'd he play?
text: A long pause from Kevin, the song wedging itself in his
text: thoughts right now, pushing everything aside.
dialog: 79
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: That good, huh?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: ...that good.
dialog: (and)
dialog: If you ever come down here, man,
dialog: you holla at me.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: This your number?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nah, no cell. This the diner. Right
dialog: now it’s better if folks can’t
dialog: reach me. I tell niggas, “Call my
dialog: momma house if you really need me,”
dialog: otherwise I’m only ‘bout this J-0O-
dialog: B.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: True.
dialog: What’s the name of the place?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Jimmy's Eastside Diner. If you ever
dialog: to town, Chiron, I mean it. Come on
dialog: by, I’1l1 cook you somethin’, play
dialog: that song for you.
text: Black fully sat up on the bed now, free hand to his temple,
text: the other clutching his cell to his ear. Just the sound of
text: his light breathing.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Alright Chiron, be easy.
dialog: Click.
text: Black lowering his phone now, staring at the screen, the
dialog: simple information there: Call Duration: 5min29secs.
dialog: A lifetime.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BLACK’S APT, BEDROOM - DAY 79
text: A moment of stillness: Black prone atop the covers, just his
text: boxers and still a small sheen of sweat. From the look of
text: him, jaw slack, lips parted just so, this has been a restful
dialog: sleep.
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 77.
text: Slowly, after a beat to watch him this way, Black stirs
text: slightly, a slowed wakening.
text: Stretches now, body turning, arms reaching beyond this bed,
text: extending toward the light streaming through the lone window
dialog: there.
text: Turns on his side. Is about to sit up but... stops. From the
text: look on his face, a realization: he reaches to his crotch.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK’S BATHROOM - DAY 80
text: Black standing before the basin, hands working at something
text: in the water.
text: No ice, no towel. Instead, he’s standing over a muddied
text: plume, a layer of soapy foam atop the surface: he’s hand-
text: washing his boxers.
dialog: An extended beat of this washing, then...
text: ...the SOUND of music blaring, all highs at first, a rattling
dialog: trunk following.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CHEVY IMPALA - DAY - MOVING 81
text: Black in mode again: gold fronts, white tee, one hand on the
text: wheel as he pushes through these streets.
text: Eyes scanning the corners and alleys he’s passing, whatever's
text: out there getting little from him, just this glare.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 82
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CHEVY IMPALA - DAY - MOVING 83
text: Black hanging a U-turn, neck craned all the way around to
dialog: keep an eye on something outside this car.
text: Headed back the other direction now, he pulls over to the
text: side of the road, honks his horn, three sharp beeps, and...
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CHEVY IMPALA - DAY - MOVING 84
text: Black at the wheel, Travis in the passenger seat beside him.
text: On Travis’ lap, a mix of cash and baggies, a greasy, crumpled
text: brown bag wedged between his thighs. He’s counting.
text: The music blasting as always in here, Black nodding his head
text: to an old school Goodie Mob track, then... cutting the music
text: sharply, face going slack as...
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 78.
text: .++.a patrol car passes in the opposite direction, Travis
text: never breaking his count, Black cranking the music, and...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
text: ..-head cocked to the side, a posture of listening.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CHEVY IMPALA - DAY - PARKED 85
text: Black parked at the edge of an alley, looking out at Travis
text: standing amongst two other young men.
text: We can’t hear what’s being said down there, the whole thing
text: viewed from Black’s vantage.
text: Instead, all long-lens gestures: Travis going through some
text: form of count with his fingers, the two young men bringing
text: their hands to their chests (Who? Me?!), the posture of
dialog: explaining.
text: Black reaching to the floorboard beneath him,, retrieves the
dialog: obvious: a .38 Special.
text: Takes another look down that alley, then... opens the door,
text: steps into the alley and begins towards them.
dialog: We don’t follow, just watch from this distance, then...
scene_heading: INT. BLACK’S APT, BEDROOM - DAY 86
text: Dangling from a wire hanger, panning with the flow of an
dialog: oscillating fan: the underwear we’d seen Black wear before,
text: still damp in the humid air.
text: REVERSE ANGLE: BLACK’S FACE, eyes fixed on the underwear,
text: studying them with a mixture of shock and reverence.
text: Reaches a hand to them, takes their short hem in his hands,
dialog: partly to gauge the dampness, partly for wont of touching
dialog: them.
text: Something on his mind here, thoughts turning and turning and
text: turning. He checks his watch: half past one.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CHEVY IMPALA - DAY - MOVING 87
text: Observing him through the front windshield of this car, the
dialog: whole of it viewable from here.
text: Just the sound of the road, no music, certainly no speaking
text: as Black drifts along what appears to be a highway.
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 79.
text: A look of resolution on his face, a peace, a clarity. The
text: image closing in on him now, a slow, subtle zoom pushing in
text: on that face, those eyes.
text: Just as we near the end of this move, our view pivots,
text: panning away from that windshield, perpendicular to our
text: traveling: nothing but mangroves out there. And across a
text: large median, lanes of other traffic running in the opposite
dialog: direction.
dialog: There’s no doubt now, this is not a drive around Atlanta. The
dialog: speed and highway surroundings should make it clear: he’s
text: going much farther.
text: An extended beat of this traveling, of the road and trees and
text: wind, the speed of the passing land and soundscape
text: escalating, building, the whole of it coalescing into a
text: hypnotic rhythm, then...
speaker_heading: WAVES
text: .--both the sight and sound of waves crashing, lashing at the
dialog: shore.
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI BEACH - NIGHT 88
text: A muted, wide base to the light, waves rushing onto shore
text: under the watch of a full moon.
text: There are children at play, a dozen at various ages, all
dialog: black, 7 to 15 years old.
text: None of them in proper trunks, most in homemade cut-off
text: shorts and Fruit of the Loom white tank-tops. All laughing as
text: the waves rush at their feet, a few feigning fear at the
text: ocean as others -- the boys mostly -- drag them into the
dialog: surf.
text: We watch the children at play a moment longer. We've seen
dialog: none of these kids before, we'll see none of them again.
dialog: A final beat of this, then...
scene_heading: EXT. JIMMY’S EASTSIDE DINER, PARKING LOT - NIGHT 89
text: A door closed -- Black’s car parked deep in the corner of
text: this parking lot, in the farthest back corner away from
text: street light, obscured by low-hanging shade trees.
text: The diner is away from us, across the parking lot. Black
text: takes it in a moment, pulls on a fresh shirt.
dialog: 90
dialog: 80.
text: He’s moving, crossing the parking lot at an easy clip. It’s
text: quiet out, a few passing cars to Black’s left running north
text: on Biscayne Boulevard, no foot traffic -- can hear the SOUND
text: of his footfalls on the pavement.
text: As he nears the threshold of this diner, takes the handle on
dialog: the entry...
text: CLOSE ON: an old school bell, the sound of it jingling as the
text: door it’s affixed to parts.
scene_heading: INT. JIMMY'S EASTSIDE DINER - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 90
text: And right away, the sound of music, something old, soft, and
text: lilting (think Aretha Franklin’s One Step Ahead).
text: Black scanning this room, his view of the place a clue for
dialog: us: this is definitely the same diner we saw Kevin working in
text: during the earlier phone call.
dialog: All the details are there, the old-school register, vintage
text: chairs and table-tops. And in the corner, that old school
text: jukebox blessing us with Aretha.
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: .++.on the move now, crosses the diner with eyes down and
text: ahead of him. There’s a counter lined with stools, directly
text: opposite the staging station and adjacent the register.
text: Black eases up to the counter, places his cell atop it and
text: takes a seat.
text: No one stirs at Black’s movement, no one watches. Looking
text: about the place again, we notice the other patrons: a quartet
text: of college girls in a corner booth shoring up for a night on
text: the town, an elderly gentleman sitting to himself, staring
text: into a cup of mild coffee.
text: As Black watches the elderly gentleman...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (moving)
dialog: Be right with you.
text: A figure moving past, carrying an urn over to the old man,
text: sets a new cup down and pours a fresh coffee, scoops up the
text: old cup as he moves on.
text: As he crosses to the girls, we see him better: it’s Kevin.
text: We watch as he speaks to them; can’t hear any of it but from
dialog: the feel of it, very jovial, Kevin is good at this work.
dialog: 81.
text: A beat of watching Kevin here, isolated bits of him from
text: Black's perspective: Kevin’s lips as he speaks, the hand he
text: rests to his neck instinctively.
text: Finished with the girls, Kevin turns back toward the counter,
text: hands full with their spent dishes. As he approaches, he
text: looks right at Black, right at_us...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (moving)
dialog: Be right with you, boss, just let
dialog: me get this out the way.
text: ...and moves past.
text: Somehow, Kevin has not noticed him.
text: Something lodged in Black’s throat, without thinking places
dialog: his hand there: Am I breathing?
dialog: He must be, he’d better be: those dishes discarded somewhere
dialog: in the back and... here comes Kevin.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: How you doin’ tonight, what can I
dialog: get you?
text: Kevin flipping through a stained note-pad, hasn’t bothered to
text: look up yet. As he does, his eyes settle on Black’s.
dialog: Beat.
text: Kevin watching this man. And Black watching back, the two of
text: them silently holding each other’s gaze, pure curiosity.
text: Kevin's head cocking to the side now:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Chiron?
text: Nothing from Black, just those eyes. Kevin lowering that note-
text: pad, rounds the counter, comes right up beside him. On
dialog: Kevin’s face: no doubt who this is.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Damn man why you ain't say
dialog: nothin’?!
text: Kevin taking Black’s right hand in his, pulls him in close
text: and throws his left arm around his back: warm, tight,
dialog: masculine.
dialog: 82.
text: The embrace held, Black slowly reciprocating, his left arm
text: cautiously placed around Kevin's back and, subtly, moved
text: there, close but not quite a caress.
text: The men part.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Damn Chiron.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: ‘Sup, Kev’.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What the hell you doin’ here, I
dialog: mean....
text: Kevin trailing off there as Black nods agreement, gets the
dialog: oddity of his own actions.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Well shit, you here now, that’s all
dialog: that matter.
text: Again, that nod from Black, Kevin smiling in reply:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: There go that damn noddin’, you
dialog: ain't changed a bit, still can’t
dialog: say more than three words at a
dialog: time, huh?
text: A smile from Black. This guy gets him.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Said you was gon’ cook for me, I
dialog: know how to say that.
text: Kevin rounding that counter again, Black clocking him as he
text: goes, winds up opposite him, takes up that notepad again.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah I did, man. I did.
dialog: What you want? You can pick from
dialog: the menu or I can give you the
dialog: chef's special.
text: Black watching Kevin across this counter.
text: Over on the jukebox, that song ends, just the muted sound of
text: the girls in the corner there, nothing but this short space
dialog: between them.
text: Kevin sets his notepad down.
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: We here, Chiron.
text: As Kevin heads for the kitchen, leaves Black with that
dialog: thought...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JIMMY'S EASTSIDE DINER - KITCHEN 91
text: .--all hands and handles, a cast iron skillet going over an
text: open flame.
scene_heading: INT. JIMMY'S EASTSIDE DINER - NIGHT - LATER 92
text: Black on his stool at the counter, watching through the
text: staging station as Kevin works over that flame.
text: Behind him, the group of girls moving toward the exit, bell
text: jingling as they step onto Biscayne.
text: Black's gaze lingering on them a moment, tracking them as
text: they push farther and farther into the night. Coming back,
text: his gaze settles on the table across the diner: the old man,
dialog: that cup of coffee.
text: Black rising now, digs down into his pockets, pulls the bit
text: of cash and change there. Begins across this space, over to
text: the jukebox.
text: Gets to flipping through the flaps, four to a side, scanning
text: left and right. A bit more flipping until... bingo.
text: A string of quarters, a few buttons pushed then...
text: ..+.the click and clack of the machine, a disc racked and spun
dialog: to speed, so quiet in here without that jukebox, then... the
text: SOUND of a disc racked, the jukebox doing its work as...
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: Chef's special.
text: Black spinning to find Kevin passing, moving behind him with
text: a freshly plated meal -- carries it across the diner floor,
text: over to the booth abutting the diner window.
text: Black cocks his head in surprise, makes his way over to --
speaker_heading: THE BOOTH
text: Approaches a smiling Kevin, takes a look at the plate he’s
text: made for him: black beans, white rice, a grilled chicken
text: breast with mole coating.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: So you Cuban now?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: Only in the kitchen, Papi.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Sit down, nigga. Or you gon’ eat
dialog: standin’ up?
text: Black complies, eases into the booth, eyes the food.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Want a drink?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: I don’t drink.
text: A huff from Kevin -- more playful than skeptical -- leaves
text: the booth, heads back over to the counter. Black watches as
text: Kevin roots around for something, comes back over with a half
text: run bottle of red wine, something simple.
text: Sets a water glass down before each of them, settles in
text: across from Black, pours.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nigga I ain’t seen you in like a
dialog: decade, you gon’ drink with me.
dialog: Black just looking at this guy: What can he do?
text: The clink of glasses, Kevin taking a sip of his, Black taking
text: a gulp, maybe he doesn't drink after all.
text: Kevin settles his elbow and forearm to the table:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: So what bring you here, Chiron?
text: Curious, innocent, suggestive, all at once. Black just
text: watching Kevin in response.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Eat your dinner man.
dialog: (rises)
dialog: Eat your dinner.
text: Black's gaze following Kevin as he replaces the old
text: gentleman's coffee as before, moves on to a young couple
text: sitting in the booth where the group of girls were.
text: Off Black, CUT TO...
dialog: 93
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. JIMMY'S EASTSIDE DINER, BOOTH - NIGHT - LATER 93
text: Later by the look of Black’s plate, completely empty.
text: Black takes up his water glass of wine, a second bottle open
text: there beside the first -- they’ve been thirsty.
text: Kevin appears, settles in again.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You remember Samantha?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Yeah, I remember her.
text: Kevin reaching into his wallet, takes out a photo, places it
dialog: on the counter:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Kevin Jr.
dialog: Me and Samantha. Had him young; too
dialog: young.
text: Kevin watching as Black takes up the photo, brings it close,
dialog: examines it.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: When I got locked up, man. It was
dialog: hard. Real hard. Had me in state,
dialog: not that county shit. That’s when I
dialog: knew I had to find somethin’.
dialog: That’s when I started the cookin’
dialog: thing, knew I couldn’t go back to
dialog: the street, not after that.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Y’all still down?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Me and Sam?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Nah. We still cool though, gotta be
dialog: for Lil’ man, but... nah, not like
dialog: that.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: What about me?
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nigga tell me somethin’, what you
dialog: doin’, who you doin’?
text: Black going sheepish at that last part.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: C’mon nigga, I’m waitin’, done
dialog: cooked for your ass and everything,
dialog: shit, these grandma rules you know
dialog: the drill, you gon’ eat, you gotta
dialog: speak.
text: Black thinking on this, weighing something. Takes another sip
dialog: of his wine, then...
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Alright, straight up?
dialog: I’m trappin’.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (serious)
dialog: What?
text: Black just nodding.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: When they sent me up to Atlanta,
dialog: put me straight into Juvie for
dialog: beatin’ old boy. Met this cat in
dialog: there, when I come out, put me on
text: the block. Did good at it. Rose up.
text: Black shrugging his shoulders, no explanation, no excuses.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: It is what it is.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Bullshit, it ain’t what it is,
dialog: Chiron, that ain’t you.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Nigga you don’t know me.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Oh I don't?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: I'ma get my shit straight.
dialog: Kevin shooting Black a look:
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: And I guess gettin’ your shit
dialog: straight is drivin’ twelve hours
dialog: down here for no reason?
text: Kevin looks over his shoulder -- the young couple is up at
text: register, waiting.
text: Black watching as Kevin heads over, begins ringing their
text: till. It’s a small moment, cordial -- Kevin smiling, making
dialog: small talk with the husband and wife. He’s good at this.
text: The sound of that familiar door jingle on their exit, Kevin
text: beginning back now, stops to buss the couple’s table -- arms
text: loaded with plates and silverware as he passes...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (moving)
dialog: And why you got them damn fronts?
text: ..-doesn’t bother for a reply, just keeps moving into the
dialog: kitchen.
dialog: Beat.
text: Black alone again for the moment. It’s dead in here -- no
text: couples, no groups of girls. Kevin is nowhere to be found,
text: there’s nothing between Black and the door.
text: The door.
text: Black watching the door as...
text: Kevin reappears, wiping soap foam from his forearms, heading
text: back over. Takes his seat again across this modest booth.
text: Kevin's thoughts going back to this conversation, the two of
dialog: them separated by this table; by only this table. It’s as
text: though they can sense this, both mulling their thoughts,
text: fingering those water glasses.
text: Black's eyes lifting:
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Why’d you call me?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Why did you call me?
dialog: Beat.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I told you, this dude came in....
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: He played this song....
text: Kevin trailing off there, eyes going to the jukebox in the
text: corner. Lets his gaze linger a beat, then...
text: .+.roots around a tip jar beside the register. A moment
text: later, he’s rounding the counter, heading for...
speaker_heading: THE JUKEBOX
text: ...-Kevin nearing it, studying a moment before flipping those
text: pages, one after another as Black had before.
text: From the effort, he does not know what he’s looking for. Or
text: rather, he’s searching for it, unsure.
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: ..-watching, looking on as Kevin hovers his finger over those
text: pages, tracing a line along the glass there, mouthing
dialog: something to himself until finally...
text: ..-Kevin’s got it: the click of the jukebox, articulating arm
text: shifting, a disc whirring to life and...
text: Church, juke-joint, cabana: the place where the three meet
text: and meld as the opening organ of Barbara Lewis’ Hello
text: Stranger fills the air.
dialog: Hello, stranger
dialog: It seems so good to see you back again
dialog: How long has it been?
dialog: It seems like a mighty long time
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: ..-leaning his back to the jukebox, arms folded.
speaker_heading: AT THE BOOTH
text: .--Black sitting sideways, meeting Kevin’s gaze as he’s
dialog: listening.
text: Both watching each other, eyes linked, locked.
dialog: 94
dialog: 89.
text: Black's eyes in particular here, perhaps from Kevin's
text: perspective, drifting into them: he’s opening, he’s letting
dialog: Kevin in.
text: A beat as the song continues. The second verse:
dialog: Ohhbhhhh, my, my, myyyyyy
dialog: I'm so glad
dialog: You stopped by to say "Hello" to me
dialog: Remember that's the way it used to be
dialog: Ooh, it seems like a mighty long time
dialog: It’s on the nose, yes, but fuck it: reminded him, like a
text: punch flush to the face, forever and always a reminder of
dialog: this thing, of everything.
text: Kevin crossing the diner floor, closing the space between
text: them. Settles to the booth again, leans back. He watches
dialog: Black, but...
text: .»+.as the song continues, Black’s mind drifts elsewhere,
text: mouth agape as Barbara continues ...
dialog: Ohhhhhhhhhh
dialog: If you're not gonna stay
dialog: Please don't tease me like you did before
dialog: Because I still love you so, although....
dialog: It seems like a mighty long time
text: The two of them this way as the song continues, Barbara
text: “oooo' ing" and “ah'ing" her way through the last few bars as
text: the men listen, nothing else in the world but this moment.
text: The song ends.
text: Over at his table, the older gentleman pays them no mind,
text: simply sips his coffee.
text: Off the DOORBELL JINGLING...
scene_heading: EXT. JIMMY'S EASTSIDE DINER - NIGHT 94
text: Black standing with his hands in his pockets as Kevin works
text: at the door behind him, closing down the diner.
text: Down the sidewalk from them, the older gentleman moves away,
text: labored step after labored step.
text: Finished, Kevin turns to Black, the two falling into step
text: without a word, moving across the parking -- Black leading,
text: Kevin just behind.
dialog: 95
dialog: 90.
text: Occasionally one looking to the other as they go, much said
text: in these eyes and looks, but... just the sound of movement, a
text: heavy key ring dangled at Kevin’s side, the whir of Vespas
text: roaming up Biscayne.
text: Kevin a few steps behind as Black nears the driver’s side
text: door. Like anyone seeing this gaudy thing for the first time,
text: Kevin is taken aback.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: This you?
text: Black toggling the alarm system, the Chevy beeping loudly,
text: all lights flashing twice and a piercing beep from that sound
dialog: system.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You wasn’t playin’ bout them traps.
text: A shrug from Black as Kevin takes the passenger side door,
text: gets in.
text: Black following, the engine on the car coming to life.
text: A BEAT as the car eases away from here, reaches the edge of
text: the parking lot, pulls into traffic.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CHEVY IMPALA - NIGHT - MOVING 95
dialog: Loud in here, part habit, part defense mechanism: little room
text: for words with two cabinets and a sub pushing Slim K’s Purple
text: Haze remix through these speakers.
text: Black leaned into the driver’s side door as always, one hand
text: on the steering column, other resting on his lap.
text: Nothing spoken between these two for a beat, just clocking
text: each other on the sly as the passing lights of the streets
text: and storefronts play on their faces.
text: Black reaches for the dial finally, cuts the volume to a more
text: modest level as Trinidad James begins his mid-track
text: overtures.
text: Gets Kevin's attention, looking over, expectant:
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: How you get to work?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Jitney.
dialog: Bus.
dialog: Sometimes Samantha shoot me out
dialog: there if I got Lil’ Kevin.
dialog: 91.
text: Black nodding.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Can't picture bein’ in Miami with
dialog: no car, man.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah it’s real out here.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: I bet.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Real slow, real hot, real busted,
dialog: got me like a duck out here.
dialog: Both laughing at that, you can be called a lot of things in
text: Miami and next to snitch, duck is about the worst.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: You on one.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nah man, I’m just tired.
dialog: (and)
dialog: I used to be up in them traps, too.
dialog: Wasn’t easy; was hard as hell,
dialog: harder than this, man, but not
dialog: much. Feel like I work damn near as
dialog: hard to make a day’s pay trappin’
dialog: in two weeks cookin’.
text: Black just nodding, his blinker flicked, the business of
dialog: driving.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Make everything hurt a lot more.
dialog: Feel like that cat from In Livin’
dialog: Color: “My neck, my back... my neck
dialog: and my back.”
text: That cracking both of them up, nostalgia of it as much as
dialog: anything else.
text: The laughter carries them a ways. Before they know it, Black
text: is shifting onto the freeway.
text: Kevin looking out the window there. On his right as they
dialog: travel east away from the Miami that brings black boys up so
dialog: hard: Fischer Island, the Miami immortalized in Rick Ross
dialog: rhymes and Miami Vices.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Bet on this the ride, Chi’.
dialog: 96
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Can’t have you on no Jitney.
text: More road, more lights, more of the silence mapping out this
text: space between them.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: So Chiron....
text: Kevin looking directly at Black now. They’re on the freeway;
text: Black is driving. And yet... Kevin holding this thought
text: aloft, looking across the interior of this car until Black
text: looks back, meets his gaze.
dialog: He does.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You just drove here?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Like you just was on one and got on
dialog: the highway?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Yeah.
text: A beat as they hold eyes.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Where you gon’ stay tonight?
text: Nothing from Black. Nothing, no words, no gestures, nothing
text: rendered from him in this moment.
dialog: Black should be driving, should have eyes on the road, paying
text: attention to the other cars, the things passed. Instead, all
text: eyes on Kevin, staring back at the man lost in that question,
text: the space between its posing and this beat the clear answer.
text: Kevin looks away, out the window again. The earth just moved.
dialog: They both felt it.
text: Kevin reaching for the dial, raises the volume on that sound
text: system. A moment of this travel, Purple Haze enveloping them
text: in this unspoken pact for a beat, then...
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI BEACH PARKING LOT - NIGHT 96
text: A public parking lot, open-air, twenty-four hours. Black and
text: Kevin exiting the car, Kevin careful not to slam the door,
dialog: immaculate this car.
speaker_heading: 96A
speaker_heading: 96B
dialog: 97
dialog: 93.
text: He begins across the lot but looks back -- Black is still
text: there, beside the car with the door aloft.
text: The ocean is out there, the SOUND of it just beyond -- wind
text: and rolling waves -- a pathway sloping down to shore.
text: In this darkness, he can’t see it from here, but... in
text: Black's gaze? He certainly can feel it.
dialog: The longest beat, then....
speaker_heading: UP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 96A
scene_heading: EXT. KEVIN’S APARTMENT - NIGHT - ESTABLISHING 96B
text: Black and Kevin enter the courtyard of this modest complex,
text: make their way across a gravel walk. The SOUND of window-
text: mounted AC units.
dialog: The SOUND of privacy.
scene_heading: INT. KEVIN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 97
text: Black standing in the living room as Kevin moves away,
text: disappears into another area of the apartment.
text: Alone, Black takes the place in: simple, modest, sparsely
text: furnished with things that seem to have been found on
text: sidewalks.
text: On a table there, a single image of a small boy, a photo that
text: looks very much like the Young Kevin from earlier.
text: The sound of a toilet flushing, Kevin reappearing now, his
text: work clothes shed, jeans and a T-shirt as he moves through
dialog: the space.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Want somethin’ to drink? Beer?
dialog: Water?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Yeah. Some water.
text: Kevin over at the sink now, a straight sight-line to it from
text: the living room here. Black watching as Kevin pours a glass
text: from the tap, adds ice cubes from a plastic tray in the
dialog: freezer.
dialog: 94,
text: Kevin gesturing to a simple folding table near Black, moves
text: over to it and sets down two glasses of water, Black sitting
text: opposite him.
text: Kevin watching as Black drinks his water, something not quite
text: exaggerated but extended in the act, Kevin’s eyes searching
text: the nape of Black’s neck.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Who is you, man?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Who, me?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah, nigga.
dialog: You.
dialog: Them fronts? That car? Who is you,
dialog: Chiron?
text: Black shrugging his shoulders, smiles sheepishly:
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: I’m me, man, ain’t tryna be nothin’
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: So you hard now?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: I ain’t say that.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Then what?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Look, I’m not tryna hem you up.
dialog: Just... I ain’t seen you ina
dialog: minute. Not what I expected, none
dialog: of it. Not good or bad, just not
dialog: what I expected.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Well what did you expect?
text: Kevin thinking about that one, has to ask himself: what
dialog: he expect?
dialog: did
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You remember the last time I saw
dialog: you?
dialog: 95.
text: At first, just a nod from Black, a plaintive gesture from his
text: body but in those eyes, so much more.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: For a long time, tried not to
dialog: remember.
text: Kevin nodding.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Tried to forget all those times.
dialog: The good...
dialog: ...the bad.
dialog: All of it.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: When we got to Atlanta... I started
dialog: over. Built myself from the ground
dialog: up. Built myself hard.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Me? I just kept on, man. I wasn’t
dialog: never worth shit, never did
dialog: anything I actually wanted to do,
dialog: was all I could do to do what other
dialog: folks thought I should do, I wasn’t
dialog: never myself.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: And now?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Now? Now I got Lil’ Kev’, got this
dialog: job man, got another 18 months of
dialog: probation.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Damn... that’s real shit.
dialog: 98
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah, but it’s a life, you know? I
dialog: never had that before. Like... I’m
dialog: tired as hell right now and I ain’t
dialog: makin’ more than shoe money, but...
dialog: I got no worries, man. Not them
dialog: kind what I had before. That’s some
dialog: real shit, that’s that Bob Marley
dialog: shit, nigga.
text: Black lightening at that, a little smile. It’s only amplified
text: as Kevin starts to do a little bob and weave, ad-libbing a
dialog: Marley’esque hymn.
text: Black smiling as Kevin's eyes alight with this little ditty.
text: Kevin rises, heads over to the small kitchen -- running
dialog: water.
text: He toggles a small radio. The SOUND of Kevin rotating through
text: the dial, finally landing on a station, late night R&B, like
dialog: DeBarge’s All This Love.
text: Kevin comes back over, settles. Muted music from that kitchen
text: radio. He takes up his glass of water and enjoys another sip.
text: Black fixes him in his sights, more directly than before:
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: You’re the only man who’s ever
dialog: touched me.
text: The air going out of Kevin’s chest, his gaze fixated on
text: Black's lips, anticipating the words falling from there:
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: The only one.
text: Black’s hand is flat atop the table between them. His eyes
dialog: lower to it:
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: I haven’t really touched anyone,
dialog: since.
scene_heading: INT. KEVIN'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT 98
text: Black sitting at the foot of the bed, fully clothed, hands
text: clasped between his knees, leaned over slightly.
text: Kevin standing before him, frozen.
text: They hold each other’s eyes an interminable beat.
dialog: 99
dialog: 97.
text: Black stands shakily. Kevin watches him as he closes the
text: space between them, drawing right up to him. Kevin takes a
text: hand and lays it flat against Black’s chest.
text: A puzzled look coming over Kevin's face.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You shakin’.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Wait.
text: Kevin crosses the doorway, flips a switch:
scene_heading: TOTAL DARKNESS
text: .»»-only the soft thudding of feet crossing the floor.
text: Another beat, then, under darkness:
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: I’m shakin’.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: I’m still shakin’.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah.
text: The SOUND of bodies touching, the beginning of things,
dialog: then...
text: ..+-another sound rising -- from afar -- the SOUND of waves
text: crashing, rushing onto shore.
text: And mingling with that rush of waves, the sound of lips and
text: hands, the joining of bodies, somewhere in this darkness
text: Black and Kevin re-learning one another as we CUT TO...
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT 99
text: Those waves heard crashing moments earlier on full display,
text: rushing ashore at a frothy run.
text: Dark out, extremely dark save for the lights of beach bars a
text: ways down the ocean front. The undulating rhythms of the
text: Atlantic catch the moon, glint it all over.
dialog: 98.
text: As we observe this movement of water and dance of light,
text: shoulders appear, bare, gaunt: LITTLE from our opening
dialog: episode.
text: Calmly, methodically, Little moves across the sand,
text: approaching the water. A beat more of Little easing up to the
dialog: surf, then...
text: .--he looks back: his dark skin moistened in the ocean spray,
text: moon catching him same as its catching the surface of the
dialog: Atlantic.
text: And those eyes: looking right at us, staring plaintively,
dialog: plainly, nothing requested, no expectation: just a clear,
text: undisturbed openness.
dialog: Hold this gaze, then...
text: ...-Little turning from us, his form and movement slowly,
text: steadily melding into the flow of light and waves as we heads
dialog: out into the ocean and we...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 
