dialog: 
speaker_heading: MOON
dialog: Written by
dialog: Nathan Parker
dialog: Story by
dialog: Duncan Jones
dialog: November, 2007
text: Helium3 is a gas ejected from the surface of the sun and
text: blown through space by solar winds.
text: It plays an essential role in Cold Fusion, often toted as
dialog: the solution to humanity's future energy needs.
dialog: There is one major problem...
text: Helium3 is extremely scarce on Earth. The gas does,
dialog: however, exist in abundance on the Earth's only natural
dialog: satellite:
dialog: The Moon.
dialog: Should we turn to Cold Fusion in the future, it is
dialog: conceivable that man will mine the Moon for Helium3 and
dialog: bring the precious gas back to Earth...
dialog: 2.
text: IN THE BLACK:
text: We hear something -- a machine -- CHURNING and POUNDING.
text: Constant. Rhythmic. Though the sound is slightly familiar,
dialog: we're not sure what it is yet. Hold for a few seconds and
dialog: then
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 1 INT. REC ROOM -- MORNING 1
text: The sound belongs to a regular old TREADMILL like you see
text: in most gyms across the world. Running on it: SAM BELL, mid
text: thirties, thick beard, handsome, striking blue eyes.
text: Sam's face is flushed and glistening with sweat. He lunges
text: for a towel draped over the treadmill's bar, dabs his face
text: as he runs.
text: We see OUTSIDE THE WINDOW: A gray, powdery landscape
text: stretching beneath a BLACK SKY.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 2 EXT. MOON -- MORNING 2
text: Aerial view of the Earth's only natural satellite, the
text: camera roaming about a hundred feet off the surface.
text: Desolation. Serious, uncompromising, desolation. This place
dialog: makes Antarctica look like Tokyo.
text: And utter silence.
text: Eventually the camera arrives at a moon base, DIVING DOWN
dialog: towards it --
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: "MINING BASE SELENE. CREW: 1."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 3 INT. BATHROOM\SHOWER -- MORNING 3
text: Sam takes a shower, treading in a tight circle beneath the
text: nozzle, eyes closed, hot water blasting his face.
dialog: 3.
scene_heading: 4 INT. COMMS ROOM 4
text: His hair still wet from the shower, Sam sits before a COMMS
text: UNIT, dressed in a "Lunar Industries" boiler suit, a zip up
text: the front, colorful patches sewn into the arms. He begins
dialog: to record a message.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Tess. Hi. It's me. How are you,
dialog: sweetheart? It's the morning
text: here. In a few minutes Gerty and
dialog: I will sit down for breakfast, go
text: over the day's itinerary.
text: As Sam continues his message, we are given a TOUR of the
dialog: mining base. Beginning with:
scene_heading: 5 INT. MONITORING STATION 5
dialog: This is where you want to be if the shit hits the fan. The
text: base's equivalent of HQ. A wall of computers and flickering
text: digital displays.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.)
dialog: Today begins my 154th week on
dialog: Selene. I officially have two
dialog: weeks to go before I climb into
dialog: that Return Vehicle...
scene_heading: 6 INT. RETURN VEHICLE 6
text: A small space craft attached to the base. It is essentially
text: a tiny room with a coffin like, sealed bed in the middle of
text: it: a cryogenic POD with an array of complicated controls
text: surrounding it.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.)
dialog: And blast home.
scene_heading: 7 INT. REC ROOM 7
text: Sam spends most of his time here. It is kitchen and play
text: room combined. We PICK OUT a television set, an armchair, a
text: Ping-Pong table, the treadmill.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.)
dialog: I never dreamed I'd make it this
dialog: far.
dialog: 4.
scene_heading: DETAIL: A WOODEN MODEL
text: On a table, we also PICK OUT a LARGE MODEL carved out of
text: BOLSER WOOD. It's a TOWN. Intricately done down to the
dialog: tiniest details.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: There were times, as you know...
text: We go even CLOSER to the model, seeing that there are
text: actual people, actual characters in the little town; actual
text: buildings: a CHURCH, a TOWN HALL, etc. Clearly someone has
dialog: put a ton of work into this thing.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...when I thought I was going to
dialog: crack up.
scene_heading: 8 INT. GREENHOUSE 8
text: And the tour of the base continues. Onto a new room. A dark
text: storage area Sam has repurposed to grow a handful of
text: plants. They sit surrounded by darkness, glowing under
text: pools of artificial light.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.)
dialog: But I think I've come out the
dialog: other side now.
scene_heading: 9 INT. INFIRMARY 9
text: A strange angular room, obviously purposeful, but its
text: design more geared to a computer than a human being. A
text: single bed dominates.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.)
dialog: In many ways, this place is all
dialog: about contradictions.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. LUNAR LANDSCAPE 10
text: The empty terrain surrounding the mining base, as viewed
text: from the Monitoring Station window. Across the landscape a
text: mountain rises from the morning shadows.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.)
dialog: It's bleak, it's beautiful.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- A HAND TOOL
text: Some kind of rake or shovel half buried in the powdery
text: soil, like a child's toy abandoned in a sand box.
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: It's barren, yet filled with
dialog: riches.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. EARTH -- AS SEEN FROM THE MOON 11
dialog: From up here it is easy to see why the Earth is sometimes
text: referred to as "the blue marble." A swirl of color.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.)
dialog: The earth is thousands and
text: thousands of miles away, but
dialog: sometimes looks so close I feel
dialog: like I could reach out and snatch
dialog: it with my hand.
scene_heading: 12 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS 12
text: Sam's bed -- A New York Jets poster on the wall -- a few
text: knickknacks bedside, rock samples in jars, a lucky
dialog: tambourine Sam got in Mexico some years ago -- a red stress
text: ball -- a photograph by the bed in a frame --
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.)
dialog: I'm incredibly lonely, yet I'm
dialog: never alone...
text: We MOVE CLOSER to the PHOTO by the bed.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPH
text: Of a slightly younger and clean-shaven Sam with his arms
text: wrapped around his wife of four years, TESS BELL.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Because I have you.
text: Tess is a far cry from the stereotypical Astronaut's Wife
text: of the 1960's/70's with the plastic smile and beehive
dialog: hairdo.
text: Tess is modern, sophisticated, and jaw-droppingly
text: beautiful. She looks like she'd be a hard woman to leave
dialog: behind.
text: Note: In the photograph Tess is visibly PREGNANT.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And I have Eve. I don't take you
dialog: guys for granted. You know that
dialog: now.
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: 13 INT. COMMS ROOM 13
text: Back with Sam at the Comms Unit as he wraps up the message.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Please kiss Eve for me. And tell
dialog: her daddy will only be away a
dialog: little longer -- seventeen days
dialog: longer, approximately. I love you
dialog: both dearly. Bye.
text: And he sends the message.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 14 INT. CORRIDOR 14
text: The main corridor connecting the different rooms. We've
text: seen everything there is to see now. The base is small.
text: Confined. Claustrophobic. It is easy to imagine how someone
dialog: could crack up here.
text: Sam leaves the Comms Room and heads down the corridor.
scene_heading: 15 INT. REC ROOM 15
text: A state of the art robot, a GERTY 3000 -- known simply as
text: "GERTY" -- is preparing Sam's breakfast.
text: Gerty is in three sections and moves along a horizontal
text: rail that runs throughout the base. He has a readout screen
text: that perpetually spews data. His hands resemble pincers,
dialog: but are perfectly nimble.
dialog: For the purposes of helping run the base and looking after
text: Sam, Gerty is as good as human, if not better.
text: Sam enters.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Morning, Gerty.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Morning, Sam. How are you today?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fine. Fine. You?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: I'm very well. How's your
dialog: headache?
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Much better, thanks, pal.
text: Sam treats Gerty more like a person than a robot. Whether
text: this is down to Gerty's intelligence or Sam's desperation
text: for company isn't clear just yet.
text: Note: Gerty talks like a well-educated older man. His
dialog: language doesn't have a great deal of inflection (i.e.
text: Monotone) but he is friendly enough.
text: Sam switches a dial on a radio but gets nothing but static -
text: - he sticks in a mini cd and skips the first few tracks.
text: We hear brief clips of talk radio and shuttle through it
text: before he allows it to play on, on some random American
dialog: station -- an old weather report:
speaker_heading: VOICE ON RADIO
dialog: ...it's a hot one on the East
text: Coast, temperatures soaring to a
dialog: high of ninety three degrees in
dialog: New York City --
text: They zip around the tiny kitchen, together preparing Sam's
text: breakfast, working as a team.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 16 EXT. MOON 16
text: We take in the whole Moon at once. Gray, colorless, eerie.
text: From this distance the surface resembling Plaster of Paris.
scene_heading: 17 INT. MONITORING STATION -- DAY 17
text: Sam sits before Selene's main computer, known as THE OLD
text: MAN. Data flickering off Sam's face. He is making a log
text: entry. A CLOCK is running on the monitor.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: 8:32 Pacific Time. Lunar Day 1.
text: All Harvesters running smoothly
dialog: this morning. Readouts are as
dialog: follows: Matthew, 14.6 miles;
dialog: Mark 16.8 miles...
text: Sam continues with his entry while we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 8.
scene_heading: 18 INT. STORAGE CUBBY 18
text: Gerty is selecting food for the up-coming week, stacking
text: ready-meals on a small fork-lift buggy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 19 INT. MONITORING STATION 19
speaker_heading: A RED LIGHT
text: Pulsing rapidly. The "ping-ping-ping" of an alarm.
speaker_heading: BOARD
text: Sam stands before the Big Board. The names of the four
text: Harvesters (Matthew, Mark, Luke, John) in a collum. The red
text: light is flashing next to Matthew.
text: Sam presses an INTERCOM BUTTON, dips down, speaks into it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Gerty, we've got a live one on
dialog: Mark. I'm going out now to rope
dialog: her in.
speaker_heading: GERTY'S VOICE
dialog: Okay, Sam.
text: Sam heads off.
scene_heading: 20 INT. CHANGING AREA 20
speaker_heading: A SPACE SUIT
text: Resembling an unmanned puppet. Sam begins to insinuate his
text: body into the suit.
scene_heading: 21 INT. DOCK 21
text: Three Rovers (moon buggies) parked in their separate bays.
text: The Rovers are caked in lunar soil, as though sand blasted.
text: In his space suit Sam bends into one of the Rovers, starts
dialog: the engine.
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 22 I/E. ROVER/MOON SURFACE 22
text: Sam drives along, dwarfed by an enormous lunar bolder and
text: the rising slopes of the valley beyond. A toy car in this
text: vast and alien terrain.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. HARVESTER/MOON SURFACE 23
text: The second in a fleet of four Harvesters (this one known as
text: Mark) collecting lunar soil. The Harvester resembles a tank
text: and kicks up clouds of dust. Booming, hulking, efficient.
text: Sam catches up in his Rover and accelerates into the back
text: of the Harvester up a couple of ramps. An intricate and
text: dangerous maneuver he executes deftly.
scene_heading: 24 INT. HARVESTER/BELLY -- CONTINUOUS 24
text: Sam is in an area of the Harvester -- a kind of hatch --
text: not dissimilar to a garage and known as THE BELLY. Once
text: safely inside Sam closes the door. He is able to breathe in
text: the Belly without his helmet, which he duly removes.
text: Sam steps up to a wall of computers. A light is flashing to
text: indicate one of the pods is filled with Helium3.
text: Sam does his thing, eventually removing a keg-size pod of
text: Helium3. He hauls it over to the Rover and sticks it in a
text: special slot in the equivalent of the Rover's trunk.
text: A new pod -- an empty -- replaces the pod Sam just removed.
text: Sam puts his helmet back on, returns to the Rover, reverses
text: out of the Harvester carefully.
scene_heading: 25 I/E. ROVER/MOON SURFACE 25
text: Sam snakes through the soil on his way back to base, the
text: tracks of the Rover as sharp as if they had been made
text: through talcum powder. The Harvester churns into the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 26 INT. CORRIDOR -- LATER 26
text: Sam loads the filled pod into a CARGO CONTAINER. The Cargo
text: Container is about the size of a fridge and can take a
text: maximum of five pods. There are four pods already inside,
text: Sam's new pod taking up the fifth and final slot.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: 27 INT. COMMS ROOM 27
text: Sam is seated at the Comms Unit recording a message for his
dialog: superiors back on Earth.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Sam Bell reporting to Central.
text: 10:14 Pacific Time. Lunar Day 1.
dialog: (less formal)
dialog: Overmeyers, Thompson? It's Sam.
dialog: How goes it? I've got a full
text: container of Helium3 ready to
dialog: roll. The purity is pretty good,
dialog: so assuming your last market
dialog: prices are still relevant I think
dialog: you are looking at getting about
dialog: 3 million dollars per kilo with
dialog: this load. By the time this
dialog: message reaches you it should be
text: in transit.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Otherwise, everything running
text: smoothly. There was a discrepancy
dialog: between a couple of the N3000
dialog: modulators a couple of days ago,
dialog: but Gerty and I caught it in
dialog: time, no big deal. Uh...how are
dialog: things down there?
text: Sam desperately wants to talk but has nothing very
text: important to say. Then he remembers something.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, and I just wanted to thank
dialog: you for sending out the football
dialog: feed. Almost felt live!
dialog: (getting pissed off)
dialog: Seriously, I don't mean to be an
dialog: asshole, but surely replacing one
dialog: satellite cant be that fucking
dialog: hard! I haven't been able to
dialog: have a conversation with my
dialog: wife... My kid can talk now...!
dialog: Fuck!
text: Sam concentrates, getting a grip on his temper.
dialog: Two weeks. Two weeks.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hey. Three years is a long haul.
dialog: If you guys want to run some
dialog: psych evals on me when I get
dialog: back, I'm happy to do it. It
dialog: ain't Disney World up here.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: That's it. Over and out.
dialog: 11.
text: Sam reaches forward, sends the message.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 28 INT. CORRIDOR -- DAY 28
text: Sam is loading the Cargo Container into the base's MAGLEV
text: LAUNCHER. He works with a sense of routine, far away,
text: preoccupied.
text: All of a sudden Sam STOPS. He has the feeling someone is
text: standing behind him. He slowly turns.
text: A GIRL is standing in the doorway watching him. She is
text: perhaps fifteen or sixteen years old. A yellow dress. Long,
text: wheat-colored hair. Freckles. At once beautiful and
dialog: haunting.
text: Sam gets the FRIGHT of his life. He FLIES against the wall.
text: WIDEN to reveal Sam and the Girl facing off. Sam POP-EYED
text: and SHAKING. The Girl IMMOBILE, arms at her sides, head
text: tilted ever so slightly to one side.
text: The Cargo Container is sent hurtling through space. A
text: TERRIFIC BLAST. It distracts Sam's attention, breaks his
dialog: stare...
text: And just like that, the Girl is gone. Sam is just staring
text: at an empty doorway. Nothing there.
text: Sam is baffled. Had to be his imagination. Had to be. After
text: a few seconds he shakes his head dismissively and continues
dialog: working.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 29 INT. REC ROOM -- DAY 29
text: Gerty is cutting Sam's hair.
text: Sam sitting back in a chair, barber shop style, while the
text: robot snip-snip-snips away with a pair of scissors. Sam is
text: gently squeezing a STRESS BALL in his right hand.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, is everything okay?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Everything's fine, Gerty.
text: For a moment there is no sound but the snipping scissors,
text: reminiscent of keys snapping on a typewriter. Then:
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Why do you ask?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: You don't seem like yourself
dialog: today.
text: Sam frowns, contemplative. For a moment we think he is
text: going to tell Gerty about the Girl he saw earlier -- or
text: imagined he saw. But he goes with something different.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's Tess.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Has something happened?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No, not exactly.
text: Gerty stops cutting, lowers the scissors.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, what is it?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Something doesn't feel right,
dialog: that's all.
text: A beat. Sam's fingers twitching around the red stress ball,
text: squeezing harder.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, it might help to talk about
dialog: it.
text: Sam decides to come clean.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Tess isn't responding to things.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Tess isn't responding to things?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: What kind of things?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: A couple of weeks ago I asked her
dialog: if she wanted to go on vacation
dialog: when I get back, and that I was
dialog: thinking of either Mexico or
dialog: Hawaii.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Tess never said anything about
dialog: it. Three messages she's sent me
dialog: since...and she's never once
dialog: mentioned the vacation.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Im sure she can't wait, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's not the point. This is
dialog: someone who lives for vacations
dialog: and travelling. I thought she'd
dialog: jump at the chance for us to go
dialog: away -- with Eve, of course --
dialog: we'd take Eve.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Perhaps Tess didn't receive the
dialog: message?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (as if anticipating
dialog: Gerty's comment)
dialog: But this isn't the only time it's
dialog: happened, Gerty. When I asked her
dialog: how her dad was doing on his new
dialog: heart medicine she didn't respond
dialog: to that -- I asked her when Eve
dialog: was going to start nursery --
dialog: nothing. Had her brother got the
dialog: position at the University?
dialog: Nothing. Nothing.
text: Sam is really having a go at the stress ball now.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: I think her brother did get the
dialog: position at the University. His
dialog: name is Christopher, correct?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He did?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Yes, I seem to recall he got the
dialog: position. Professor of
dialog: Biochemistry, I think. At
dialog: Syracuse University in New York?
text: Sam is slightly alarmed that Gerty knows this and he
dialog: doesn't.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How do you know that?
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: You told me. Some time ago now.
dialog: Towards the beginning of your
dialog: time on Selene. When we were
dialog: starting to get to know each
dialog: other.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You were very happy for your
dialog: brother-in-law. You danced around
dialog: the Rec Room, if I remember
dialog: correctly.
text: Sam looks perturbed. For a few seconds he'd eased up on the
text: stress ball. He starts up on it again now.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Gerty, have you heard anything
dialog: new about anyone fixing lunar
dialog: sat?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: No Sam. From what I understand
dialog: it's fairly low on the companies
dialog: priority list with the Jupiter
dialog: mission active. I would imagine
dialog: it would be very expensive to
dialog: fix.
text: A pause. Sam still looks troubled.
speaker_heading: GERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sam, are you ok?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: They need to sort that out.
dialog: Seriously. I've only got two
dialog: weeks left. It's not fair on
dialog: whoever's up here next. Gerty,
dialog: you tell them to sort it out.
dialog: It's not healthy.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: I will Sam. Do you want me to
dialog: finish cutting your hair later?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nah. Come on. Let's finish
dialog: this.
text: Gerty resumes cutting Sam's hair, and stops again, sensing
dialog: Sam is going to say something more.
text: The scissors freeze.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I've got another one of those
dialog: headaches. Can you get me
dialog: something for it?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Of course. Now?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No not now, afterwards.
text: The scissors start up again.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks, pal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 30 INT. REC ROOM -- LATER 30
text: Sam with a HAIRCUT and a neatly TRIMMED BEARD is sitting
text: before the Bolser Wood model of the little town.
text: He is arched over working away with an EXACTO BLADE --
text: SQUINTING -- whittling a figure out of wood. This is
dialog: difficult and complicated work, and over three years Sam
text: has become highly skilled at it.
dialog: Sam can carve an actual person out of wood -- actual
dialog: cheekbones, actual throats, actual hands -- it's
dialog: fascinating to watch.
text: From another room Sam hears the "ping-ping-ping" of an
dialog: alarm.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 31 INT. COMMS ROOM -- CONTINUOUS 31
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- COMMS UNIT
text: Flashing on the comms unit monitor: "NEW TRANSMISSION."
text: There is a small icon of a telephone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 32 INT. REC ROOM -- CONTINUOUS 32
speaker_heading: ON SAM
text: He carefully puts down the wooden figure and the exacto
text: blade -- stands and leaves the Rec Room.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: 33 INT. COMMS ROOM 33
text: Sam sits at the comms unit watching a message from his
text: superiors, OVERMEYERS and THOMPSON, a purposeful looking
text: woman in charge and her earnest second.
text: The two talk RAPIDLY and trade off like a tag team. At
text: times their tone can be almost bizarrely whimsical.
text: Overmeyers and Thompson seem to have known Sam for a while,
text: but even so, there is a practised casualness to the
dialog: repartee. It's a professional friendliness on Overmeyers
dialog: part, no more and for Thompson it's merely an eagerness to
dialog: be involved.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: Delighted to hear about the
dialog: latest shipment, Sam.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: According to Albatross 90 it
dialog: should be landing off the
dialog: California Coast within the next
dialog: three days.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: Now in response to your question
dialog: about the communications
dialog: equipment, the news is not good.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Sam, those solar storms did a lot
dialog: more damage than initially
dialog: thought --
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: Fixing the lunar sat is going to
dialog: take some time. It's a
dialog: significant operation.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: And what with the Jupiter Program
dialog: hemorrhaging money --
text: Sam curses to himself.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: Lunar doesn't have the budget it
dialog: once did, Sam, you know that.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
text: Even the coffee machine down in
dialog: the Hub has been broken since I
dialog: don't know when --
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: We have to go to Genesis 3 just
dialog: to get a decent cup of coffee,
dialog: Sam. Genesis 3. That's three
text: buildings over.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: We're hoping to get the live feed
text: up and running by the Fall. The
dialog: good news is you'll be home by
dialog: then, Sam.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: You only have two weeks to go!
dialog: Congrat--
text: Sam shuts off the message before Overmeyers can pipe out
dialog: his last line.
text: Sam sits before the dead screen -- eyes closed -- taking a
text: succession of DEEP BREATHS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 34 INT. REC ROOM -- DAY 34
text: Sam playing Ping-Pong. He has folded up the second half of
text: the table and is using it as a wall. The sound is rapid and
text: rhythmic: ca-cluck ca-cluck ca-cluck. Sam taking his
text: FRUSTRATION out on the little white ball.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 35 INT. BATHROOM -- DAY 35
text: Sam stands before the toilet urinating. Rather ironically
text: he is whistling I'm Walking on Sunshine -- focussed ahead
text: at his reflection in the mirror -- angling his face,
text: admiring his haircut, his beard.
text: Then he looks down to flush the toilet and his WHISTLING
text: abruptly STOPS.
scene_heading: 36 INT. BATHROOM\TOILET 36
text: It looks like someone just poured a glass of CRANBERRY
text: JUICE into the toilet bowl. Literally. The red urine
text: clouding the water like a squirt of octopus ink. Yeah, Sam
dialog: just pissed blood.
text: There is a "PING!" and Gerty's voice crackles from the
text: intercom.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: GERTY'S VOICE
text: Sam, a transmission has arrived
dialog: from your wife.
text: Sam reaches over and presses the INTERCOM BUTTON.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Be right there.
text: And he flushes the toilet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 37 INT. COMMS ROOM -- DAY 37
text: Sam sitting before the monitor. He hits the "PLAY" button,
text: begins watching the message.
text: ON THE MONITOR: Tess is sitting in a living room talking to
text: Sam. Tess has a sweet voice, she sounds grounded, like
text: she's got a head on her shoulders.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Hi Sam. It's me. How are you?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I got your last message, it was
dialog: really great to hear your voice.
dialog: I know you've been really lonely
dialog: up there, but in a lot of ways
dialog: it's been good for you, I think.
dialog: I hope you don't mind me saying
dialog: that. I'm proud of you.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Hey, someone's got something to
dialog: say.
text: A WOMAN, possibly a nanny or some form of hired help,
text: swings a LITTLE GIRL into Tess's arms. This is EVE, Sam and
dialog: Tess's daughter.
speaker_heading: TESS (CONT'D)
dialog: Eve, it's daddy. What did you
dialog: want to say to him?
text: Eve just stares. Tess whispers to her ("Remember what we
dialog: practiced", etc.) Finally Eve attempts:
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Asstraut.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Who's an astronaut?
dialog: (encouraging)
dialog: Go on!
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Daddy asstraut!
text: Tess laughs. So does Sam.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: That's right, daddy's an
dialog: astronaut. Clever girl!
text: Eve fidgets, rubs her nose, distracted.
speaker_heading: TESS (CONT'D)
dialog: She's shy. Uh, Cathy, could
dialog: you...?
text: The Maid steps in, hoists Eve away. Tess waits until
text: they're out of earshot.
speaker_heading: TESS (CONT'D)
dialog: It's her birthday next month. I
dialog: thought we'd get her a play house
dialog: for the garden. We could even
dialog: pick it out together.
text: A pause. Tess just stares into the camera. She is hundreds
text: and thousands of miles away, but for a second it feels like
text: she's right there in the Comms Room with Sam. It's
dialog: intimate.
text: She finally shakes her head, self-conscious, shy.
speaker_heading: TESS (CONT'D)
dialog: God, I hate these things. Sam, I
dialog: love you. I'm thinking of you
dialog: always. I can't wait to see you,
dialog: sweetheart. Okay. Bye.
text: And the message ends.
text: ON SAM: smiling, on the brink of tears.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 38 EXT. THE EARTH -- NIGHT/LATER 38
text: The Earth at night, illuminated by a glittering spider's
text: web of artificial lighting. From the Moon this is one of
dialog: the most beautiful sights you'll ever see.
scene_heading: 39 INT. REC ROOM -- SAME 39
text: Sam is in improved spirits. He pours himself a glass of
text: juice as Gerty prepares dinner.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's on the menu tonight,
dialog: Gerty?
speaker_heading: GERTY
text: Baby back ribs with french fries
dialog: and spinach.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ribs! Good choice, pal. Fine
dialog: choice.
text: It might be baby back ribs with french fries and spinach,
text: but it's made from a packet by adding hot water. Nasty.
text: Sam sits down with the packet. Digs in with a fork.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh yeah! Compliments to the chef,
dialog: Gerty, this is delicious!
text: Sam eating ravenously.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 40 INT. GREENHOUSE -- NIGHT 40
text: Sam is in the Greenhouse pruning plants with a pair of
text: secateurs. He treads up the aisles slowly, taking time with
text: each of the plants. CLASSICAL MUSIC plays over the sound
text: system, Brahms, Beethoven, Bartok, one of the B's.
text: Sam HUMS along to the music. A man at peace.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 41 INT. REC ROOM -- NIGHT/LATER 41
text: Sam is working on his wooden model of the town. Across the
text: room the Ed Sullivan Show is on TV. Ed's guest is a very
text: young Goldie Hawn.
dialog: Note: Whenever any TV is watched in the film, it is always
dialog: a show from 1970's America. (Mash, Six Million Dollar Man,
dialog: Laugh-In, etc.) No explanation is given for this.
text: Sam is half-watching the TV, but his focus is chiefly on
text: the SMALL HOUSE he is carving. And carving beautifully.
text: After a few seconds he stands and snaps off the TV with a
text: remote. He crosses to the kitchen section of the Rec Room
text: to make some tea. The water has just boiled.
text: As Sam is about to pour the boiling water, tea kettle in
text: hand, he glances across the Rec Room and sees:
dialog: 21.
text: The Girl. She's taken Sam's chair before the model. She is
text: motionless, staring down at the model like she recognizes
text: one of the little figures walking the tiny streets.
text: Sam calmly puts the tea kettle down and begins to move
text: towards the Girl, slowly, cautiously, like he wants to
text: sneak up on her.
text: Sam walks right up to the Girl and reaches out his hand...
speaker_heading: SAM
text: And then we CUT to Sam standing in the kitchen. Over by the
text: model there is no sign of the Girl. The chair is empty.
text: She's gone. Her sitting there, Sam's walk across the room --
dialog: apparently he imagined it all.
text: Sam looks down. The tea kettle is dangling at an angle and
text: BOILING WATER is DRIBBLING onto his left hand.
text: Simultaneously: Sam SNAPS his hand AWAY, Sam SCREAMS. The
text: tea kettle CLATTERS to the floor.
text: Sam HURRIES to the sink and jerks his hand under a stream
text: of cold water. Cursing under his breath the whole time:
dialog: "Shit, piss, fuck..."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 42 INT. INFIRMARY -- LATER 42
text: Sam sits in a chair as Gerty tends to his scolded left
text: hand. It's a nasty burn.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm going to feel that for a
dialog: while, aren't I, Gerty?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Damn it.
text: Gerty applies a translucent balm to the burn.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, can I ask how it happened?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I told you, I saw something on
text: the TV and spilled boiling water
dialog: on my hand.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: You saw something on the TV?
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (a touch petulant)
dialog: Yeah, something on the TV
dialog: distracted me, Gerty, what's
dialog: wrong with that?
text: A pause. Gerty is wrapping Sam's hand with a bandage.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, you said it was the TV that
dialog: distracted you, but when I came
text: in the TV wasn't on.
text: Gerty has caught him out. Sam knows it.
speaker_heading: GERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps you were imagining
dialog: things?
text: Gerty has hit the nail on the head, in a way that makes Sam
dialog: feel a little uneasy. Is there something Gerty knows that
dialog: Sam doesn't?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 43 INT. THE SLEEPING QUARTERS -- NIGHT 43
text: Sam asleep in bed.
speaker_heading: 44 SAM'S DREAM 44
text: Sam making love to Tess. We remain very close to their
text: bodies in bed. The background a blur. No sound. It's all
text: flesh and white sheets. Sensual, delicate, intense. We feel
text: almost intrusive watching.
scene_heading: 45 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS -- MORNING 45
text: Sam wakes up and lunges across the bed to shut off his
text: alarm clock. We notice a WHITE BANDAGE on the hand that he
text: scolded.
text: Afterwards: Sam lies back, watching the ceiling, groggy,
text: reflective, still surfacing from his dream.
text: And then OVER THIS: The sound from the opening of the film,
dialog: THE TREADMILL, and we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 46 INT. REC ROOM -- MORNING 46
text: Sam on his morning run.
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: 47 INT. REC ROOM -- MORNING/LATER 47
text: Gerty is making breakfast. Sam enters, fresh from the
dialog: shower.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Morning, Gerty.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Morning, Sam. How are you today?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fine. Fine.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: How's the hand?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: It's a little sore.
text: Gerty pops the radio on. Just another morning on Selene.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 48 INT. MONITORING STATION -- MORNING/LATER 48
text: Sam sitting before The Old Man doing his daily log entry. A
text: CLOCK is running on the monitor.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: 8:19 Pacific Time. Lunar Day 2.
dialog: Readouts are as follows: Matthew,
dialog: 9.8 Miles...
text: Suddenly the monitor BLIPS -- a BLAST of STATIC -- and Sam
text: SEES himself talking on the monitor. It appears to be a
dialog: previous log entry.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Luke...7.3 miles...wow, better
dialog: look into Luke...
text: But bizarrely, the Sam talking on the monitor has long hair
text: pulled back into a ponytail -- and no beard --
text: And then another BLIP -- another BLAST of STATIC -- and
text: the screen turns completely BLACK.
text: A single word begins to flash in the center of the screen:
speaker_heading: "ERROR."
text: The word flashes three times -- before the screen returns
text: to normal, the CLOCK running again.
dialog: 24.
text: It all happened so quickly Sam wonders if he didn't just
text: imagine it. After an awkward pause he simply continues the
dialog: original log entry.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Mark, 11 miles on the button...
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- RED LIGHT
text: Pulsing. Going "ping-ping-ping."
scene_heading: 49 INT. MONITORING STATION -- LATER/MORNING 49
text: Sam stands across the room with a mug of coffee, peers up
text: at the Big Board, sees that the alarm belongs to Matthew.
text: He crosses to the INTERCOM, speaks into it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Gerty, looks like we've got a
dialog: live one out on Matthew. I
dialog: wondered what was taking him so
dialog: long, the old fart. I'm heading
text: out in a few minutes, just going
dialog: to finish my coffee.
speaker_heading: GERTY'S VOICE
dialog: Okay, Sam.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 50 I/E. ROVER/MOON SURFACE -- MORNING 50
text: Sam at the wheel in his space suit, speeding towards the
text: first of the Harvesters, known as MATTHEW.
scene_heading: HARVESTER/MATTHEW
text: As Sam gets closer to the Harvester, he suddenly sees
dialog: something:
dialog: The Girl.
text: She is standing maybe a hundred yards away in her yellow
text: dress, resembling a FLAME or a FLOWER in the barren and
text: colorless landscape. She appears to be staring directly at
text: Sam's rover.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: His face unfolding with panic, alarm, curiosity. An
text: intense, yearning, curiosity.
dialog: 25.
text: He drives closer.
text: But like in a dream, Sam can't seem to make up any distance
text: between the Rover and the Girl. He CRUSHES the accelerator
dialog: peddle.
text: For a moment Sam drives right alongside the Harvester,
text: clouds of lunar dust being kicked up, cascading against the
text: side window. But Sam is looking away from the Harvester,
text: focussed on the Girl.
text: ON SAM: He doesn't notice Matthew (The Harvester) suddenly
text: veer RIGHT, slamming into the side of the Rover and causing
text: Sam to lose control.
text: The steering wheel swings left and right as Sam desperately
text: tries to STRAIGHTEN the path of the vehicle, but a split
text: second later the Rover is FLIPPED like a matchbox, and SPUN
text: into the path of the Harvester -- a HIDEOUS SCREECH of
text: MANGLED METAL -- the Rover gobbled up by the front of the
text: Harvester, DEVOURED.
text: The Rover is JAMMED under the Harvester's monstrous AXLE,
text: resembling a crushed beer can in a fist -- and with a BIG,
text: BOOMING GROAN the Harvester slides to a STANDSTILL.
text: WIDE SHOT: Silence. The Harvester stationary. The Rover
text: caught beneath it.
text: No sign of the Girl.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK.
text: Silence. Hold it for five seconds and then
speaker_heading: 51 A BLUR 51
text: Eyelids fluttering, bright light, at first broken up,
text: filtered, as if viewed through a Kaleidoscope. Slowly
text: shapes and impressions begin to form and we know where we
dialog: are.
dialog: It's the Infirmary.
scene_heading: 52 INT. INFIRMARY -- DAY 52
text: A CLEAN SHAVEN and drugged-up Sam is sitting up in bed,
text: propped with a pillow. Sam doesn't have a scratch on his
text: face, but has clearly been through a terrifying ordeal.
text: Gerty is bedside.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, you're in the Infirmary. You
dialog: had an accident.
text: Sam looks bewildered -- he desperately racks his brain,
text: trying to locate the memory.
speaker_heading: GERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you remember what happened?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I don't remember a thing.
text: Sam just stares back at Gerty, not so much as a flicker of
dialog: recognition.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Do you remember me?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes, of course I remember you,
dialog: Gerty.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: That's good. That's very good.
dialog: It's nice to see you awake again.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I'd like to keep you under
dialog: observation here in the Infirmary
dialog: for a few days and run some
dialog: tests.
text: A pause. Sam taking it all in. Eventually:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How long have I been out?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Not long. Sam, go back to sleep.
dialog: You're still very tired. We can
dialog: talk later.
text: Sam closes his eyes, sinking deeper into his pillow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 53 INT. INFIRMARY -- LATER 53
text: Sam asleep in bed. Gerty is scanning his head with a small
text: instrument resembling a camcorder.
dialog: 27.
text: There are READOUTS on a monitor showing blood flow, oxygen
text: levels and glucose metabolism in the tissues of Sam's
dialog: brain.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 54 EXT. MOON -- DAY 54
text: LUKE, one of the Harvesters, crossing the lunar landscape
text: at HALF SPEED.
scene_heading: 55 INT. INFIRMARY 55
text: Sam wakes up from an extended nap. He thrusts his fists
text: into his eyes like a child, yawns ferociously.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Gerty?
text: No sign of the robot. Sam is feeling well enough to walk.
text: He swings his legs out of bed, begins to plod around the
text: room. He is tentative at first, slow, as if walking is
text: something he is having to learn from scratch.
text: Eventually when he is moving fluidly he goes to the door
text: and pokes his head out into the corridor.
scene_heading: 56 INT. CORRIDOR -- CONTINUOUS 56
text: Sam peers around. From another room he can hear the faint
text: drone of VOICES. One of these voices belongs to Gerty. The
text: other voices are deeper, faster, human.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Gerty?
text: The voices continue. Intrigued, Sam PRESSES ON down the
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: ON SAM
text: As he walks up the corridor in the direction of the Comms
text: Room. Sam is close enough now that he can actually hear the
dialog: conversation.
text: Sam arrives at the door of the Comms Room and peers in.
speaker_heading: GERTY (0.S)
dialog: These were extraordinary
dialog: circumstances, as you know --
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: 57 INT. COMMS ROOM -- CONTINUOUS 57
text: Gerty is installed at the Comms Unit. Thompson and
text: Overmeyers are on the screen.
text: The moment Gerty sees Sam he shuts off the monitor and the
text: screen fizzes to black, Thompson and Overmeyers vanishing.
text: Strange: Gerty appeared to have a live feed.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, you're out of bed.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I wanted to stretch my legs.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Not talking. No. We've been
dialog: having some problems with the
dialog: lunar sat and our live feed seems
dialog: to be down. I was recording a
dialog: video message for Central
dialog: updating them on your progress.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Sam, you need to stay in bed.
dialog: You're not ready to walk around
dialog: yet.
text: Sam nods vaguely, turns around and heads back to the
text: Infirmary slowly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 58 INT. INFIRMARY -- LATER 58
text: Sam watching TV -- The Muppet Show, the "Pigs in Space"
text: sketch -- and eating dinner. He's not laughing.
scene_heading: 59 INT. INFIRMARY -- LATER 59
text: Sam hunched over the infirmary's stainless steel wash basin
text: giving himself a shave. He hits the razor on the side of
text: the basin -- tap tap tap -- like a conductor with a baton.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 60 INT. INFIRMARY -- LATER 60
text: Sam is seated at a table. Frankly he looks better now than
dialog: he did before the accident.
dialog: 29.
text: Perhaps it's the rosy hue of his freshly shaven face. He
text: certainly looks younger. A man revitalized, a man mended.
text: Gerty is giving Sam something very similar to an IQ Test.
text: Sam has just arranged a series of blocks into an L-shaped
dialog: tower.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Excellent, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How much longer do I have to be
dialog: in here, Gerty?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, you suffered minor brain
text: damage in the crash. This has
dialog: resulted in memory loss and
text: slight logic impairment.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: When can I get back to work?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Central has asked me to slow down
dialog: the Harvesters to ensure you have
dialog: time to recuperate and get your
dialog: strength back --
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (dryly, exasperated)
dialog: Terrific.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: The good news is you can return
dialog: to the sleeping quarters
dialog: tomorrow. But it will still be a
dialog: few more days before you can
dialog: resume anything like a normal
dialog: work schedule.
text: Sam's face taught with irritation. He isn't happy.
text: Gerty gives him the next puzzle to solve. WE MOVE IN ON
text: SAM'S LEFT HAND as he takes the puzzle, the same hand he
text: scolded in an earlier scene.
text: The BANDAGE is GONE and the BURN appears to have completely
speaker_heading: HEALED.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 61 INT. CORRIDOR -- DAY 61
text: Sam walking down the corridor in the direction of the
text: Sleeping Quarters. He stops at a RED LIGHT on the corridor
text: wall, beneath it the word, "EXIT DOORS."
dialog: 30.
text: He's locked inside the base.
text: Sam pulls a face, disgruntled, continues down the corridor.
scene_heading: 62 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS -- CONTINUOUS 62
text: Sam takes in the New York Jets poster on the wall and walks
text: over to the bed -- studies his lucky tambourine and the
text: glass jar of lunar rock samples -- like he's trying to
text: reacquaint himself with his own belongings.
text: His eyes arrive on the red stress ball. Sam scoops up the
text: ball and PITCHES it at the wall like he expects the thing
text: to bounce back to him. The stress ball doesn't bounce back,
text: simply hits the wall with a dull THUD and DROPS to the
speaker_heading: FLOOR.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 63 EXT. THE MOON -- DAY 63
text: A desolation special. The blacker than black sky above.
dialog: None of the ingredients of life. On Earth we have
dialog: rainforests, and flowers, and birds. We have color. Up here
text: we realize how lucky we are. The base is lit by large
text: halogen comfort lights, alone in the lunar desert. This is
dialog: a lunar night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 64 INT. MONITORING STATION -- MORNING 64
text: Sam sitting before The Old Man doing a few innocuous tasks,
text: collecting readouts, slurping a cup of coffee. Gerty is
text: within ear shot.
text: Sam sees something that pulls him CLOSER to the monitor.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Gerty, do you know about this?
text: Gerty approaches. Sam taps the screen.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Matthew's got no velocity read-
text: out. He's completely still.
speaker_heading: GERTY (O.S.)
text: He must have stalled.
text: Sam gives Gerty a look. That's not good.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: 65 INT. COMMS ROOM -- LATER 65
text: Sam is recording a message for Central.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: There's no way to tell from here
dialog: if a track's been thrown, or if
dialog: it's just something jammed in an
dialog: axle, or what... I can shoot out
dialog: there, check it out, get some
dialog: video and maybe save you guys the
dialog: expense of floating in a whole
dialog: crew! I know how tight money is
dialog: right now....
text: Sam really frustrated now. He feels cooped up, stir crazy,
dialog: idle.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Just give me the word -- or Gerty
dialog: the word, tell him to unlock the
dialog: exit doors -- and I'll go out and
dialog: get Matthew up and running again.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: That's it. Over and out.
text: Sam sends the message.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 66 INT. REC ROOM -- MORNING 66
text: Sam enters the Rec Room, looks around, his eyes settling on
text: the model of the town.
text: Sam sits down in front of the model, staring -- he picks up
text: the HOUSE he was carving earlier -- studies it carefully.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 67 INT. COMMS ROOM -- DAY 67
text: Sam and Gerty are seated at the Comms Unit watching a video
text: message from Central. Sam is holding a carved HOUSE,
text: examining it as he listens to the video.
text: The familiar faces of Overmeyers and Thompson on the
text: screen, shoulder to shoulder, the two looking more like
text: vultures right now than lizards.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Sam, we appreciate the offer, but
dialog: you concentrate on feeling
dialog: better.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (muttering, vexed)
dialog: Oh for Christ's sake...
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: We don't want you to take any
dialog: unnecessary risks. You're too
dialog: important to us.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: You're to stay put, understand?
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: It's an order.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: It's an order, Sam. From Lunar.
dialog: Stay put.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: We're going to send a Rescue Unit
dialog: to tend to the stalled harvester
dialog: and get the base back on its
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (incensed)
dialog: Why?
text: The message ends. Sam turns to Gerty, irate, the message as
text: good as a kick in the balls.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: I'm sorry Sam.
text: Sam stares at Gerty.
speaker_heading: GERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sam, I am under strict orders not
dialog: to let you outside.
text: Sam throws the half completed wood carving in his hand at
text: the other end of the room, breaking it. He FLIES to his
text: feet -- growling with frustration -- STORMS out of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 68 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS -- MORNING 68
text: Sam asleep in bed.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: 69 SAM'S TROUBLED DREAM 69
text: Sam and Tess making love. We remain very close to their
text: bodies in bed. The background a blur. It's the same dream
dialog: we saw earlier.
dialog: Something is different though.
text: We drift past Sam and Tess, and under the sheets of the
dialog: bed.
text: Down between their entwined feet huddles a bearded, wide-
text: eyed Sam, staring directly at us from under the sheets at
dialog: the end of the bed!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 70 INT. REC ROOM 70
text: Sam is quietly eating breakfast, lost in thought. Gerty
text: puttering around in the background. The radio drones away.
scene_heading: 71 INT. COMMS ROOM 71
text: Sam is seated at the Comms Unit watching a message from
dialog: Tess.
dialog: We assume this is an old message since Tess is heavily
speaker_heading: PREGNANT.
text: Her slender hands are spread over her prodigious belly as
text: she beams at the camera.
speaker_heading: TESS
text: He's kicking...or she's kicking.
dialog: I'm certain he's a boy. I wish
dialog: you could feel it.
dialog: (a beat, shifting)
dialog: I think we made the right choice,
dialog: Sam. I really do. We need some
dialog: time apart. We got stuck. That
dialog: happens in marriages sometimes.
dialog: It's nothing terrible.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Well listen, I love you lots --
dialog: and we'll talk soon, okay? Bye
dialog: Sam.
text: A POP and Tess is gone -- the monitor filled with STATIC.
text: Sam sits staring into space. Tess' message seems to have
dialog: agitated him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fuck it.
dialog: 34.
text: He JUMPS from his chair and HEADS OUT of the Comms Room at
dialog: pace.
scene_heading: 72 INT. REC ROOM 72
text: Sam strides in -- swipes a KNIFE from beside the wooden
text: model -- strides out again.
scene_heading: 73 INT. CORRIDOR 73
text: Sam glances left and right -- making sure there's no sign
text: of Gerty -- then begins to PRY open a VENT with the knife.
text: Once the vent is removed he reaches deep inside and YANKS
text: out a bundle of interwoven WIRES -- Sam bends the wires
text: around the BLADE of the knife -- and CUTS.
text: GAS ISSUES from the cut wires. An ALARM sounds.
text: Sam hides the knife away, shouts down the corridor:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Gerty! Get over here! Quickly!
text: Gerty comes out of the Monitoring Station and SHUTTLES down
dialog: the corridor.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Don't know -- Micro meteorites,
dialog: maybe? Either way there might be
dialog: damage to the exterior shell. I'd
dialog: better go outside and take a
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: There is no damage to the
text: exterior shell.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's not that I don't believe
dialog: you, Gerty, but the inner skin is
text: springing leaks like an ACME fire
dialog: hose. Maybe you better let me
dialog: take a look, just in case, huh?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, I'm not supposed to let you
dialog: go outside.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Then let's keep it between you
dialog: and me then. Ok?
dialog: 35.
text: The robot takes an inordinate amount of time to think this
text: through. The syrupy gas distorts the light as it collects
text: at Sam's ankles. Gerty's arms work away as they speedily
dialog: repair the damage Sam has done. Finally:
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Okay, Sam.
text: The "Exit Doors" LIGHT turns from RED to GREEN. For Sam
text: this is like the BLAST of a STARTING PISTOL -- he
text: immediately takes off down the corridor --
scene_heading: 74 INT. CHANGING AREA 74
text: Sam finds his space suit is gone, so grabs the spare suit
text: and scrambles into it.
scene_heading: 75 INT. DOCK 75
text: Two Rovers parked side by side. One of the parking bays is
text: EMPTY. Sam stands before the empty bay for a moment -- why
dialog: is one of the Rovers missing?
dialog: If Sam suspected something was wrong before, he is certain
text: of it now. He climbs into one of the two remaining Rovers.
scene_heading: 76 I/E. ROVER/MOON SURFACE 76
text: Sam speeding along in the Rover. He has Matthew's
text: coordinates plugged into his Navigation System and is
text: following a MAP on a small monitor.
scene_heading: 77 EXT. MOON -- CONTINUOUS 77
text: Sam heading towards the stalled Harvester. It soon becomes
text: apparent that there is something STUCK under the front of
text: the Harvester's AXLE. A second later it is apparent what
text: that something is: inevitably, it's the MISSING ROVER.
text: Sam slows his Rover down, approaching the scene with
text: CAUTION. He parks a few feet away from the wreck and opens
text: the door of his Rover, stepping outside gingerly.
text: ONE SIXTH GRAVITY is like walking on a trampoline. Sam
text: takes long strides, bobbing over to the front of the
text: Harvester to take a closer look, his boots leaving deep
text: FOOTPRINTS in the lunar soil.
dialog: 36.
text: THE FRONT OF THE HARVESTER
text: The crashed Rover is exactly as we left it after the
text: accident, mangled, crushed, captured beneath the trundles
text: of the Harvester. Sam peers closer and sees that there is
text: an UNCONSCIOUS MAN in a Lunar Industries space suit trapped
dialog: inside.
text: Sam can't see the man's face -- he has his back to Sam, his
text: body sprawled across the passenger seat like he's searching
text: for loose change on the floor of the vehicle.
text: With great effort Sam manages to prize the Rover's door
text: open. He reaches inside and begins to pull the man out --
text: Sam's sheer ADRENALINE giving him the strength of a YETI.
text: Sam DRAGS the unconscious man away from the crashed Rover,
text: his body leaving a big TRACK MARK in the gray soil. Sam
text: takes a second to catch his breath, then leans down and
text: turns the unconscious man onto his back.
text: He BRUSHES DUST from the glass of the man's HELMET, leans
text: down even closer.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- THE MAN
text: Through his helmet we see a BLOODY and BEARDED SAM. Sam as
text: we remember him. The Sam from the opening twenty minutes of
dialog: the film.
text: Sam's face as the PANIC, the ALARM, the SHOCK, the
text: REALIZATION hit him like a wrecking ball: this man he has
text: just pulled out of the crashed Rover is himself.
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT -- THE STALLED HARVESTER
text: Sam gathers his wits and manages to lift the unconscious
text: Sam up over his shoulder, fireman's lift style, taking him
text: to the parked Rover.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 78 INT. DOCK -- A FEW MINUTES LATER 78
text: Sam drives the Rover into the Dock, flies out and removes
text: his space helmet, screaming:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Gerty! Gerty! Help!
dialog: 37.
text: He reaches into the Rover, lifting out the unconscious Sam.
text: He carries him in both arms, staggering across the dock --
text: back arched, arms beginning to sag -- and into the
dialog: corridor.
scene_heading: 79 INT. CORRIDOR 79
text: Sam promptly collapses and DROPS the unconscious Sam onto
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Gerty!
text: Gerty approaches, gliding along his rail. Sam is freaking
text: out big time, exhausted, panic-stricken, bewildered.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I found him outside by the
dialog: stalled harvester. Who is he?
dialog: What the fuck is going on?
text: A pause. Gerty literally seems lost for words.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: (demanding an answer)
dialog: Gerty!
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: We need to get him to the
dialog: Infirmary.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not until you tell me who he is!
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, we need to get him to the
text: Infirmary immediately.
text: Sam SCOOPS the unconscious Sam up off the ground and lifts
text: him towards the INFIRMARY -- staggering -- stumbling --
dialog: going:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Who is he! Who is he!
text: Sounding like some deranged homeless man. Gerty gliding
text: alongside him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 80 INT. INFIRMARY -- DAY 80
text: Lying in the Infirmary bed, propped on a pillow, is the
text: first Sam, the bearded Sam, who we will now refer to as SAM
dialog: 1.
dialog: 38.
text: He has a wicked black eye and a purple bruise on the right
text: side of his face, looks like he was on the losing end of a
text: brawl.
text: He has a DRIP stuck in his arm and a tangle of WIRES
text: attached to his bare chest. A MACHINE is BEEPING away.
text: Gerty hovers over him, redressing the BANDAGE on Sam 1's
text: left hand, the one he scolded a while back.
scene_heading: 81 INT. INFIRMARY -- LATER 81
text: Sam 1's eyes pop open, he is awake, staring directly at
dialog: Gerty.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Hello Sam.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: The Infirmary. You had an
dialog: accident out by one of the
dialog: harvesters. Do you remember?
text: For a second this is playing out like the other Infirmary
text: scene. A case of deja-vu.
text: Sam 1's eyes twitch as he catalogues through his memory.
text: Yes he remembers the crash. He remembers something else,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I saw someone out there, Gerty.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Who did you see, Sam?
text: Just then Sam 1 notices the other Sam -- the more current,
text: clean-shaven Sam -- who we will now refer to as SAM 2. He
text: is standing against the wall watching Sam 1.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I saw a girl.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: You saw a girl out by the
dialog: harvester? How is that possible?
text: Sam 1 continues to stare at Sam 2, hardly believing his
text: eyes.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: GERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sam, you suffered a slight
dialog: concussion in the crash and have
dialog: incurred minor injuries, but all
dialog: in all the prognosis is good. I'm
dialog: happy to see you again.
text: As he says this Sam 2 crosses slowly from one side of the
text: room to the other, never taking his eyes off Sam 1. It's
text: like Sam 2 is purposefully keeping his distance, reluctant,
text: afraid even, to approach any closer.
text: Meanwhile Sam 1 is beginning to look spooked.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Gerty?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Yes, Sam?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Is there someone in the room with
dialog: us?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Who is he?
text: But Sam 1 knows exactly who it is. He's seen that face
text: every morning of his life in the bathroom mirror.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, get some sleep. You're very
dialog: tired.
text: Sam 2 wordlessly walks out of the room.
text: Sam 1's eyes shift to Gerty, the spooked expression yet to
text: leave his face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 82 INT. CORRIDOR -- DAY 82
text: Sam 1 hobbling along, in addition to his facial injuries he
text: injured his knee in the crash and is walking with a slight
text: LIMP. The camera TRACKING behind Sam 1 as he swings along
dialog: and stops at
scene_heading: 83 INT. REC ROOM -- CONTINUOUS 83
text: Sam 1 in the doorway, he peers in.
dialog: 40.
text: Seated before the TV watching The Newlywed Game, Sam 2. He
text: turns from the TV and shares a LONG LOOK with Sam 1.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Hi.
text: Sam 2 just nods. He turns back to the TV.
text: Sam 1 continues on down the corridor.
scene_heading: 84 INT. MONITORING STATION 84
text: Gerty is studying lunar rock samples through a microscope.
text: Sam 1 enters.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Gerty, what the hell is going on?
dialog: Who is that guy in the Rec Room?
dialog: Where did he come from?
dialog: Why does he look like me?
text: Sam 1 is perplexed, but not freaking out, not yet anyway.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, you're out of bed.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Yes, Gerty, I'm out of bed. Who
dialog: is the guy in the rec room?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam Bell.
text: Sam 1 is officially FREAKING OUT now.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Who the fuck is in the rec room,
dialog: Gerty!?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: You are Sam Bell.
text: A long pause. Sam 1 at the point of tears.
speaker_heading: GERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sam, what is it? It might help
dialog: to talk about it.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I don't understand what's
dialog: happening, Gerty. I think I may
dialog: be losing my mind.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: We could run some tests.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I haven't reported anything to
dialog: central, Sam. They don't know
dialog: you were recovered alive from the
dialog: accident.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Recovered alive? What do you
dialog: mean? Why haven't you reported
dialog: to central?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: I'm here to keep you safe, Sam.
dialog: I want to help you. Are you
dialog: hungry?
text: Sam 1 merely nods at this, turning and plodding out of the
text: room, seemingly in a DAZE.
scene_heading: 85 INT. CORRIDOR 85
text: Sam 1 comes out of the Monitoring Station, passes the Rec
text: Room without looking in.
scene_heading: 86 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS -- CONTINUOUS 86
text: Sam 2 has taken over the room. The same belongings, of
dialog: course, but there's a different energy. For one thing it's
text: very untidy; looks like the bedroom of an unruly teenager.
text: Sam 1 stands in the doorway, taking it in.
text: Wordlessly Sam 1 begins to tidy the room. He seems almost
text: RELIEVED to be able to lose himself temporarily in this
dialog: physical activity -- making the bed, folding clothes, etc.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 87 INT. REC ROOM 87
text: Sam 2 has stopped watching TV and is now seated at a table
text: playing solitaire. Sam 1 appears in the doorway.
text: Sam 2 looks up. The energy bristling with tension.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: You're Sam Bell.
text: Sam 2 doesn't answer, goes back to his cards.
text: Sam 1 enters with CAUTION, takes a seat across the room,
text: purposefully keeping his distance.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm Sam Bell, too.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Yeah.
text: Sam 1 nods. A beat.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: This is fucked up.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
text: Completely.
text: Sam 2 slapping down cards. Sam 1 desperately attempts to
text: put together a coherent thought.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Why... What are you?
text: For a second we don't think Sam 2 is going to respond.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I'm a clone, Sam. Im a fucking
dialog: clone.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: How long have you been here?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: About a week.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: How are you getting on?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: (repeating the question
dialog: slowly)
dialog: How am I getting on?
dialog: (then)
dialog: The company ordered Gerty to lock
dialog: all the exits. I haven't been
dialog: able to do anything for seven
dialog: days but sit on my ass.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: They locked all the exits? What
dialog: about the harvesters?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Slowed them down to half speed,
dialog: apparently.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: And then when I finally trick
dialog: Gerty into letting me outside I
dialog: find a clone of myself in a
dialog: crashed rover. How am I getting
dialog: on? Oh I'm loving it.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I'm not a clone.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Ok, Sam. You're not a clone.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: You're the clone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 88 INT. GREENHOUSE - LATER 88
text: The two Sam's are inspecting plants.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: How long have you been here?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Almost three years.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Hence the Captain's beard.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I didn't know it could get so
dialog: thick. Does it itch?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: No, not really.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, I wanted to say thank-
dialog: you. If it wasn't for you I'd
dialog: still be out there in the crashed
dialog: rover. You saved my life.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Will you shake my hand?
text: Sam 2 hesitates, eventually shakes Sam 1's hand. Meanwhile
text: Sam 1 is staring at his clone, astonished.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: (self-conscious)
dialog: What?
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: You look just like me. It's
dialog: incredible.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Why do I look like you? Why don't
dialog: you look like me?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: We look like each other, I guess.
text: This final line intended as a kind of truce.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 89 INT. REC ROOM -- LATER 89
text: Sam 1 and Sam 2 are folding the Ping-Pong table down so
dialog: they can have a real game.
speaker_heading: PING-PONG
text: The two Sams playing Ping-Pong. It's slightly competitive,
dialog: but mainly they are just happy to take their minds off
text: their situation for half an hour.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Your serve.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Score?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
text: Two points to eighteen.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Fuck!
text: Sam 2 slaps his paddle on his thigh, his temper creeping up
text: on him. He catches Sam's eye. Gets a grip. Sam 1 is a
dialog: better player than Sam 2. He's been up here longer. He's
dialog: had more practice.
scene_heading: 90 INT. REC ROOM -- LATER 90
text: After the game, the two Sams are sprawled in their seats,
text: sweaty, flushed, energized. They sit before the model of
dialog: the town.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: How long did it take you to do
dialog: this?
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I don't remember doing all of it.
dialog: I remember when I did the church
dialog: and the Salvation Army. And a few
dialog: of the people. My mind's been
dialog: acting kind of weird lately,
dialog: though.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: It's Fairfield, right?
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: There's Town Hall.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Uh-huh. You know Fairfield?
dialog: (also pointing)
dialog: That's the Baskin&amp;Robbins. And
dialog: there's Tess and Eve. Do you know
dialog: Tess?
text: The mention of their wife has stopped the conversation in
text: its tracks. Sam 2 immediately drops into deep melancholy.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Yes. I know Tess.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: You know about Eve, right?
text: It is obvious from Sam 2's expression that he doesn't.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: We had a girl.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: We did?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She thought she was going to have
text: a boy. She was so sure.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Eve?
text: Sam 1 nods.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: She's beautiful. She's really
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: How much did she weigh? Isn't
dialog: that what you're supposed to ask,
dialog: how much did she weigh?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Nine pounds, eleven ounces.
dialog: 46.
text: Sam 2 doesn't know what to do with the news: on the one
text: hand he is jubilant, on the other he's a clone, the baby
dialog: technically isn't even his.
text: All of a sudden there is a "PING!" From the Intercom
dialog: speaker:
speaker_heading: GERTY'S VOICE
text: Sam, a message has arrived from
dialog: Central.
text: Sam 1 and Sam 2 share a look, then together SPRING from
dialog: their chairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 91 INT. COMMS ROOM -- DAY 91
text: Sam 1 and Sam 2 seated before the Comms Unit. Sam 1 hits
text: the "Play" button. Overmeyers and Thompson appear on the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: Greetings, Sam!
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: How's our Man? Feeling better?
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: You getting lots of rest?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Yeah, you resting up, Sam? You'd
dialog: better be you bastard.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: Enjoy it while it lasts! We've
dialog: got good news.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: The Jupiter Program had to be put
dialog: on hiatus, so we've got a few
dialog: free pairs of hands --
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: We've managed to secure you a
text: Rescue Unit ahead of schedule.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Rescue Unit Eliza.
text: A SHOT/STILL PHOTO of Rescue Unit ELIZA. A meaner group of
dialog: sons-of-bitches you have never seen. These guys make the
text: rescue team from Apocalypse Now look like The New Kids on
dialog: the Block.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: They've been stationed on Goliath
dialog: 19 for the last couple of months.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON (O.S.)
dialog: Eliza's been in transit for the
dialog: last day....we expect them to
dialog: reach you in approximately 14
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS (O.S.)
dialog: Commence to jump for joy!
speaker_heading: THOMPSON (O.S.)
dialog: You'll be back to work in no
dialog: time.
text: Now back on Overmeyers and Thompson.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: Eliza is bringing you something
dialog: special, Sam. Compliments of the
dialog: company.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: A hooker!
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: No not a hooker. What's wrong
dialog: with you? It's a little something
dialog: to drink, Sam, that's all, our
dialog: way of patting you on the back
dialog: for all that you've been through.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: In the meantime, keep resting up,
dialog: and hang in there.
speaker_heading: OVERMEYERS
dialog: Yeah you hang in there, Sam. Over
dialog: and out.
text: And the screen pops to black. A pause.
text: For a moment there is silence, neither of the Sams knowing
dialog: how to react -- going by the message Thompson and
dialog: Overmeyers don't know anything about there being two Sams
text: on the base now.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: They're sending a Rescue Unit?
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: To fix the stalled harvester.
dialog: They didn't think I was up to it.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Then I'm going back.
text: Sam 2 gives Sam 1 a perplexed look.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: I've done my three years. That's
dialog: it for me --
text: Sam 2 is shaking his head slowly.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Is that what you really think?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I've got a contract --
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: You're a fucking clone! You don't
dialog: have shit!
text: At once Sam 1 and Sam 2 ROCKET to their feet -- right in
text: each others faces, on the BRINK of BLOWS.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I'm going home!
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: You're not going anywhere!
text: Sam 1 turns around, heads out of the room. Sam 2 STORMS
text: after him, TALKING the whole time --
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: You've been up here too long,
dialog: man! You've lost the plot!
text: Gerty shuttles along after them.
scene_heading: 92 INT. CORRIDOR -- CONTINUOUS 92
text: Sam 1 presses down the corridor, Sam 2 tailing right behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: What, you think Tess is back home
dialog: waiting for you? What about the
dialog: original Sam?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I'm the original! I'm Sam
dialog: fucking Bell! Me! Me!
dialog: 49.
text: Sam 1, stress ball pumping away in his hand, spots Gety and
text: angrily faces him.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Gerty, am I a clone?
text: Gerty doesn't know which way to look.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Yes, Sam.
text: Sam 1 ducks in the Rec Room, Sam 2 in tow.
scene_heading: 93 INT. REC ROOM 93
text: Sam 1 takes his old seat before the model. Sam 2 stands
text: over him.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: What about the other clones?
text: "Other clones?" Sam 1 just stares back.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, we might not be the first
text: two to be woken up.
dialog: (indicating the model)
dialog: You said that thing had already
dialog: been started when you got here.
dialog: Well, who started it?
dialog: (then)
dialog: There might be other clones up
dialog: here right now. Think about it.
dialog: How did I get here so quickly
dialog: after your crash? They didn't
dialog: ship me in from Central, there
dialog: wasn't time. I must have come
text: from the base.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: That's ridiculous. Impossible.
dialog: Why would hey do that?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I bet there's some kind of secret
dialog: room --
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Secret room?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Yeah, secret room, why not?
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (losing his cool)
dialog: You're the one who's lost the
dialog: plot! I've been here for three
dialog: years. I know every inch of this
dialog: base. I know how many dust fibres
dialog: are between those wall panels
dialog: over there -- why would they do
dialog: that?!
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Look. It's a company, right?
dialog: They have investors, shareholders
dialog: -- shit like that. What's
dialog: cheaper? Spending time and money
dialog: training new personnel or just
dialog: have a couple of spares here to
dialog: do the job. If they make it
dialog: through their contract, great.
dialog: If they don't, hallelujah! No
dialog: contract completion fees, no
dialog: retirement package. Just thaw out
dialog: the spare, and keep the profits
text: rolling in. It's the far side of
dialog: the Moon, Sam! The tight fuck's
dialog: haven't even fixed our
text: communications satellite.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Tess would know.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Do you really think they give a
dialog: shit about us? They're laughing
dialog: all the way to the bank!
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Tess would know what's going on!
dialog: She wouldn't let that happen!
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: (exhasperated)
dialog: There's some area we don't know
dialog: about. I'm going to find it.
text: Sam 1 shakes his head dismissively, picks up the wooden
text: house, starts whittling.
text: Meanwhile Sam 2 has left the room.
scene_heading: 94 INT. MONITORING STATION -- QUICK CUTS 94
text: Sam 2 in the Monitoring Station checking wall panels,
text: reaching his hand inside cubbies and feeling around deep
text: inside, SEARCHING.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: 95 INT. CORRIDOR -- QUICK CUTS 95
text: Sam 2 moving along the corridor, pressing his ear against
text: panels, tapping with his finger --
scene_heading: 96 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS -- QUICK CUTS 96
text: Sam 2 RAMPAGES through the Sleeping Quarters, pushes the
text: bed aside, lifts the mattress, goes tearing through a
text: closet, ripping clothes from hangers, checks the back
dialog: panel.
scene_heading: 97 INT. REC ROOM 97
text: Sam 2 has come full circle. He shifts the ping pong table,
text: goes through cabinets in the kitchen, feels inside --
text: Sam 1 half-whittling, half-watching.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I told you.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Shut-up!
text: Finally Sam 2 arrives before the model.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Get out of the way.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I want to check underneath there.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: You're not moving the model.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Get the fuck out of my way!
text: Sam 1 stands, keeps his ground.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: No.
text: Sam 1 is still holding the knife. Though he's not about to
text: use it, both Sams are aware that it's there.
text: Suddenly Sam 2 LUNGES for the knife; an INTENSE STRUGGLE
text: ensues -- TEETH CLENCHED, sputtering BREATHS -- the two
text: Sams less clones right now than ANIMALS.
dialog: 52.
text: Sam 2 is able to loosen Sam 1's grip on the knife --
text: flinging the weapon across the room -- and SWINGS Sam 1 up
text: against the wall.
text: Now Sam 2 turns to face the model. Using BOTH HANDS he
text: lifts the model up HIGH over his HEAD and PUSHES the entire
text: thing UPSIDE DOWN. A massive CRASH.
text: There is nothing there but the bare table.
text: Sam 1 comes up behind Sam 2 with his nose SPEWING BLOOD,
text: wraps both arms around Sam 2's neck. Sam 2 elbows him in
text: the ribs -- a quick, controlled jab -- SPINS around,
text: manages to secure Sam 1 in an arm lock.
text: But suddenly there is no struggle coming from Sam 1: he's
text: stopped fighting. Sam 2 removes him from the headlock --
text: notices his arm is SMUDGED with Sam 1's BLOOD --
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: You okay?
text: Sam 1 has remained bent over, like he's cast in stone,
text: blood RAINING from his face and POOLING at his feet thick
dialog: and fast.
text: Sam 2 just staring, as freaked as he is baffled.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: I hardly touched you.
text: Now he tries to help Sam 1.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me see.
text: Sam 1 tears away from him. He looks up, his face a MESS of
text: blood -- the WHITES of his eyes unnaturally bright, shouts:
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Get off me!
text: Sam 1 holds his face with his outstretched hand, as if
text: holding it in place -- STUMBLES from the room -- leaking
text: BLOOD the whole way.
text: A concerned Sam 2 watches him go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 98 INT. BATHROOM -- MOMENTS LATER 98
text: Sam 1 spills in and locks the door. He RAPIDLY turns on the
text: faucet and cups his hand to transfer water up to his face --
text: this going on for a few seconds.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MIRROR
text: Sam 1 stares at his reflection in the mirror, holding a
text: MOUND of TOILET PAPER against his NOSE. The blood flow has
dialog: subsided
text: Suddenly Sam 1 sees the GIRL in the mirror. It gives him a
dialog: hell of a FRIGHT.
text: The Girl remains in the mirror looking at Sam 1. A neutral
text: expression, impassive. Sam 1 takes a deep breath, lowers
text: the toilet paper from his nose.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Who are you!
text: Sam 1 swings around to confront the Girl...but she's not
text: there, she's vanished. Her reflection has vanished from the
dialog: mirror also.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 99 INT. REC ROOM 99
text: Sam 2 snaps on the TV with the remote, starts watching
text: Laugh-In, turns, sees Sam 1 wander by in the corridor. Sam
text: 2 considers calling out to him, opts against it, gives the
text: TV his full attention.
scene_heading: 100 INT. MONITORING STATION 100
text: Gerty is stationed at the Old Man collecting data. Sam 1
text: enters.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Hello Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Hi Gerty.
text: Sam 1 sits. A pause. Gerty turns from the monitor, faces of
text: with an EXHAUSTED and DRAINED Sam 1.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, is everything okay?
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: We had a fight. Me and the other
dialog: guy, the other Sam. We had a
dialog: fight, Gerty. He's a maniac. You
dialog: know what he did? He flipped the
dialog: entire model over. Do you know
dialog: how much work I've put into that
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: GERTY
text: 938 hours.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: 938 hours, exactly.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Really? 938 hours.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Approximately.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: He scares me, Gerty.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: What is it about Sam that scares
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
text: He flies off the handle. I see it
dialog: now...I see what Tess was talking
dialog: about.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I've never told you this, Gerty,
dialog: but she left me. Tess left me.
dialog: For six months. She moved back in
text: with her parents.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Oh...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was the year before I came in
dialog: here. She gave me a second
dialog: chance. I promised her I'd
dialog: change.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: You have changed, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Yeah, I guess I have.
text: A beat.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Gerty, since I've been up here
dialog: I've sent Tess over a hundred
dialog: video messages. Where did those
dialog: messages go? Did they ever reach
dialog: her?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, I can only account for what
text: occurs on the base.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: What about the messages she sent
dialog: to me?
text: A long pause. Finally Gerty repeats:
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, I can only account for what
text: occurs on the base.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Gerty, am I really a clone?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, when you first arrived at
text: Selene, there was a small crash.
dialog: You woke up in the infirmary. You
dialog: suffered minor brain damage and
dialog: memory loss. I kept you under
dialog: observation and ran some tests.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I remember.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, there was no crash. You
dialog: were being awakened.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: It is standard procedure for all
dialog: new clones to be given tests to
dialog: establish mental stability and
dialog: general physical health. Genetic
dialog: abnormalities and minor
dialog: duplication errors in the DNA can
dialog: have considerable impact--
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: And Tess? Eve?
speaker_heading: GERTY
text: They are memory implants, Sam.
dialog: I'm very sorry.
dialog: 56.
text: Sam 1 nods at this. He's broken-hearted. He begins to
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: GERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sam, it's been several hours
dialog: since your last meal. Can I
dialog: prepare you something?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: No thanks, Gerty.
text: Sam 1 exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 101 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS 101
text: Sam 1 enters the sleeping quarters -- straightens the bed
text: and lies down. He picks up the picture of the pregnant
text: TESS, stares at it long and hard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 102 INT. REC ROOM -- LATER 102
text: The TV is off. Sam 2 is sitting, arms folded, entrenched in
speaker_heading: GLOOM.
text: Sam 1 enters and heads for the kitchen, prepares himself a
text: snack. Sam 2 is aware that Sam 1 is there, but keeps his
text: eyes focussed forward, as immobile as a statue.
text: Eventually Sam 1 tentatively comes over.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
text: I'm staring into space.
dialog: (points to the window)
dialog: Get it?
text: Sam 1 does get it. He smiles to be polite, sits.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: How's the nose?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Better.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Listen, I went haywire before. I
dialog: lost it. I'm sorry.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: No it's not okay. I fucked up
dialog: Fairfield -- your model -- that's
dialog: unacceptable. I don't know what's
dialog: wrong with me.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I've got a temper. I need to do
dialog: something about it.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Yes you do.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I've been thinking. That Rescue
dialog: Unit -- Eliza -- they'll be here
dialog: in less than fourteen hours. I
dialog: don't know about you but I'd like
dialog: to figure out where we stand
dialog: before they get here.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Ostensibly they're coming to deal
dialog: with the stalled harvester. We
dialog: both know that isn't true.
dialog: (then)
dialog: They're coming to dig your body
dialog: out of that rover. They think
dialog: you're in there.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: What'll their reaction be when
dialog: they find out you survived the
dialog: crash? I wasn't supposed to find
dialog: you. Lunar instructed Gerty to
dialog: lock me inside the base for
dialog: Christ's sake.
text: A pause. Sam 1 thinking it over.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: And there's something else.
dialog: Something I haven't told you.
dialog: (a beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Right around the time I was
dialog: awakened...I walked in on Gerty
text: talking to Central. He was having
text: a live conversation.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: A live conversation?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: That's not possible.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: No no no, it is possible. It's
dialog: possible because I saw it, that's
dialog: my point.
text: Sam 2 feels himself losing his temper a little here. He
text: reigns himself in.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: How do you know the conversation
dialog: was live?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
text: It was a back and forth exchange.
dialog: And I saw Thompson and Overmeyers
dialog: up on the monitor. I was supposed
text: to be asleep in the Infirmary.
dialog: The moment I walked into the
dialog: comms room Gerty terminated the
dialog: transmission. Now I was a little
dialog: drugged up, granted, but I didn't
dialog: imagine it.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: The communications equipment is
dialog: damaged -- there was a solar
dialog: storm --
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Tabitha.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Tabitha, right.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Lunar made it up. Maybe. I don't
dialog: know. Bottom line is they don't
dialog: want us to be able to contact
dialog: Earth. Otherwise why would they
dialog: have lied to us?
text: A pause. Sam 1 staring forward, concentrating. Sam 2
text: concentrating on Sam 1.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: How are they blocking the live
dialog: feed? The base's communications
dialog: equipment works fine --
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Maybe they're not blocking the
text: signal from inside the base.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: From where then?
text: As if reading each others minds, the two Sams' heads turn
text: to the window -- a slow, perfectly synchronized movement.
text: The lunar landscape, as black and vast as ever. The view
text: almost cruel in its emptiness. It's not giving them any
text: answers, not yet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 103 I/E. ROVER ONE/MOON SURFACE -- DAY 103
text: Sam 1 speeding along in one of the Rovers. He wears his
text: space suit and resembles a cosmic racing driver -- shifts
text: up a gear, the vehicle flirting with peak speed.
text: He flies past one of the Harvesters, speaks through a
text: microphone inside his helmet.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
text: Just passing the last of the
dialog: Harvesters -- looks like John --
text: All of this against the ROAR of the Rover's engine.
scene_heading: 104 I/E. ROVER TWO/MOON SURFACE 104
text: Driving away from base in a different direction, Sam 2. He
text: also wears a space suit. He also guns the engine. He also
text: has a microphone inside his helmet. The two clones are able
dialog: to talk back and forth with no delay.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: How long until you're out of the
dialog: base's range?
text: We INTERCUT between the two Sams in their Rovers.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: If I maintain this speed...a
text: minute. Ninety seconds tops.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: You ever been this far out?
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: No, never.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE -- SECOND ROVER
text: Viewed from far away, the Rover's speed less impressive
text: from a distance.
scene_heading: 105 I/E. ROVER'S ONE AND TWO/MOON SURFACE -- INTERCUT 105
text: As the Sams continue to drive.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: You see anything yet?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Nothing. You?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: There isn't shit out here...I
dialog: feel like I'm about to drive off
text: the end of the world.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It would help if I knew what I
dialog: was looking for.
text: Through the glass of Sam 1's helmet we see his FACE
text: suddenly SHIFT.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait a second, wait a second.
text: Sam 1 squints and leans closer towards the windshield, like
text: he's trying to decipher a road sign --
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: I see something.
speaker_heading: SAM 1'S POV
text: About a hundred feet away -- appearing from thin air -- a
text: massive metal pole stretches up into the black sky.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Don't know yet.
text: Sam 1 getting closer.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
text: Looks like some kind of antenna.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Antenna? Really?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hang on, looks like there's one
dialog: on this side too.
text: Sam 2 is indeed approaching something similar.
text: Sam 1 stops his Rover about twenty feet from the Jammer. He
text: opens the Rover's door and steps out to take a closer look.
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT -- SAM 1/ROVER
text: Taking in the Jammer and the adjacent Rover. Sam 1 loping
text: towards the Jammer, seemingly in slow motion.
text: The JAMMER is GIGANTIC --An intimidating, stark pole
text: stabbed into the lunar landscape, like the worlds biggest
text: caber. Next to it Sam 1 is tiny, a white dot, as
text: insignificant as a pin prick.
dialog: Sam 1 and Sam 2
text: We cut back and forth between the two Sams as they both
text: investigate the separate but identical-looking Jammers.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: I can just make out the top. Must
dialog: be a hundred feet tall at least.
dialog: It's huge!
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Whoever built these things meant
dialog: business. They weren't fucking
dialog: around.
text: Their voices ENERGIZED -- they are excited to have made
dialog: this discovery -- they aren't dealing with the negatives
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Its not an antennae, dude. Its a
dialog: jammer.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: No wonder we can't get a live
dialog: feed. These things must be
dialog: blocking our signal.
text: Suddenly Sam 1 doubles over. He vomits thick, viscous
text: blood and sick into his helmet. Revolting.
text: The noise is AUDIBLE over the microphone.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay?
text: No answer from Sam 1. He COLLAPSES backwards onto the
text: ground. His chest LURCHES like he's been punched at from
text: the inside -- he spins over onto his front --
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Sam?
text: Sam 1 manages to climb to his feet -- heads slowly back to
text: the Rover -- he dips in, closes the door.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Sam, can you hear me?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Yeah, I hear you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'm going to head back to base.
dialog: I'm not feeling too good.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I'll stay out here a little
dialog: longer. I want to see if there
dialog: are any more of these things.
text: Sam 1 pulls a U-turn and begins his journey back to base.
text: Sam 2 remains out by his Jammer, investigating further.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 106 I/E. SAM 1'S ROVER/MOON SURFACE 106
text: Sam 1 at the wheel. He has pulled his helmet off within
text: the safe pocket of the rovers cabin. He's a grizzly mess
text: of splashed sick and blood all over his face and chest.
text: Sam 1 screams out with confusion, frustration, terror.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Fuck!
text: He seizes the steering wheel, shakes it FIERCELY --
dialog: beginning to really LOSE IT --
scene_heading: 107 INT. DOCK 107
text: Sam 1 drives his Rover into the Dock -- not with his
text: customary precision -- parks at an angle, grazes the wall.
text: The Rover's door JERKS opens and Sam 1 steps out
text: unsteadily, his face visibly PALE through the glass of his
dialog: helmet.
dialog: 63.
text: He STAGGERS across the dock -- doesn't even close the
text: Rover's door behind him -- heads into the corridor.
scene_heading: 108 INT. CORRIDOR 108
text: Sam 1 goes swerving up the corridor like a drunkard --
text: BANGING into walls -- he finally reaches the bathroom and
dialog: ducks in --
scene_heading: 109 INT. BATHROOM 109
text: Sam 1 sinks to his knees before the toilet bowl. With great
text: effort he is able to remove his helmet, placing it on the
text: floor next to him. He stares into the toilet.
text: For a moment all is calm. The gentle "ping-ping-ping" of a
text: computer somewhere inside the base. Sam breathing steadily.
text: Spots of sweat on his upper lip.
text: And then he VOMITS. He vomits LOUD, he vomits VIOLENTLY.
text: His whole body THRUSTS forward in the process, taught,
text: tense, like a dog being YANKED on a CHAIN.
text: Sam 1 vomits again. And again. And again. And stops.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM ABOVE -- SAM 1
text: Sam 1's vomit is DARK RED -- he's thrown up BLOOD -- but
text: that's not all -- we can clearly see two or three TEETH
text: floating in the vomit --
speaker_heading: THE MIRROR
text: Sam 1 stands, moves to the mirror, opening his mouth wide
text: to look for the missing teeth -- he uses his thumbs, shows
text: his gums -- revealing: yes, he's lost at least a couple of
dialog: teeth.
text: He flushes the toilet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 110 EXT. MOON -- DAY 110
text: Sam 2 driving along in his Rover. He comes across another
text: one of these JAMMERS. He drives right up, ducks down,
text: peering up through the windshield -- this new Jammer is as
text: tall as the others, in fact, it is identical in every way.
dialog: How many of these things are there?
dialog: 64.
text: Sam 2 circles the Jammer in the Rover, drives on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 111 INT. MONITORING STATION 111
text: Sam 1 enters and sits down at The Old Man. Frantically he
text: starts typing in numbers.
text: An array of Log Entries appear ON THE SCREEN. Sam watches
text: one of them.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (on screen)
text: January 12th, Lunar hour 8:32.
text: All Harvesters running smoothly
dialog: today. Readouts are as follows:
dialog: Matthew, 12.7 miles; Mark 11.9
dialog: miles...
dialog: These are just his log entries. What's he looking for?
text: Sam 1 starts scrolling BACK through the log entries, like
text: he's REWINDING chapters on a DVD, showing himself at
text: various stages of his time on Selene -- his beard
text: essentially growing in REVERSE as the messages stretch
text: further back -- eventually Sam 1 is clean shaven --
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: (on the screen)
dialog: Luke, 12.9 miles; John, 11.1
dialog: miles...
text: Sam 1 keeps typing in numbers.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN: "RESTRICTED. PASSWORD REQUIRED."
text: No go. He tries to hack his way in, but is having no luck.
text: One of Gerty's long spindly ARMS slides into the room. Sam
text: backs away from the intimidating piece of machinery, but it
text: stops within reach of the computer.
text: Sam 1 watches as the arm reaches forward and taps the
text: password in for him. It leaves the room the way it came
dialog: in.
text: Sam 1 continues to go further and further back -- and
text: suddenly he POPS up on the screen again -- or is it him? --
text: this Sam up on the screen has stubble -- no beard -- and
dialog: looks seriously ILL --
text: He is barely able to talk -- in fact he's SLURRING --
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (on screen)
dialog: ...John, 15.1 miles...sorry, I'm
dialog: not feeling too hot today -- I'm
dialog: going to have to continue this
dialog: later --
text: The SEQUENCE becomes a FAST-PACED and NIGHTMARISH MONTAGE --
text: continuing to BACKTRACK through the log entries -- showing
text: yet more SAMS -- one has a MOUSTACHE -- one has a SHAVED
text: HEAD -- one has grown out his hair and has a PONY TAIL,
dialog: we've seen this particular Sam before in an earlier scene.
dialog: But all the Sams have one thing in common: towards the
text: latter end of their log entries they all appear to be in
dialog: very bad physical shape --
speaker_heading: SAM 4
dialog: ...I've got blood coming out of
dialog: my nose...
speaker_heading: SAM 5
dialog: I don't feel too well, Old Man.
speaker_heading: SAM 6
dialog: My hair's falling out...look it.
text: Sam 1 searches even DEEPER into the COMPUTER and uncovers
text: yet more footage.
text: We see the others Sams returning to Earth -- yet they don't
text: seem to go anywhere -- when they blast off the RETURN
text: VEHICLE remains in its bay --
text: Sam 1 views different Sams blasting back to earth in the
dialog: return vehicle -- always with the same result -- the return
text: vehicle remaining in its bay, the Sams seemingly VANISHING.
text: In one particularly GRAINY SEQUENCE Sam 1 views Gerty
text: opening the lid to the cryo pod in the return vehicle and
text: beginning to VACUUM what appears to be DUST or DEBRIS --
text: Sam 1 understands now that the Return Vehicle is not a
text: spacecraft, but some kind of INCINERATOR.
scene_heading: 112 INT. RETURN VEHICLE 112
text: Sam 1 heads into the Return Vehicle. Its dominated by the
text: cryo pod, used to hold astronauts in a state of cryogenic
text: sleep on their way back to Earth. Sam 1 pops open the lid
text: and starts frantically searching the chamber for TRACES of
text: the previous Sams, eventually finding particles of DUST in
dialog: the cracks --
dialog: 66.
text: He closes the lid. A video showing a TECHNICIAN in a white
text: lab coat begins to play on a screen aimed at the glass lid
text: of the pod. It's mute, but we can hear a tinny version of
text: the audio coming from the cryo pod. Sam 1 pushes a button
text: on the monitor and we hear the audio properly.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: ...relax and breathe deeply. The
dialog: cryo pod is designed to put you
text: into a deep sleep for the
dialog: duration of your three day return
dialog: journey back to Earth. As you
text: begin to get sleepy, think about
dialog: the magnificent job you've done,
dialog: and how proud your family are of
dialog: what you've accomplished.
text: Relaxing music begins to play. After a moment the music
text: stops. There is a pause. Then an almighty pulse of light
text: from the cryo pod. This is how Sams past have met their
text: end. Nuked to ash like microwave meals in the cryo pod.
text: Sam 1 inspects the controls of the spacecraft to see if it
text: really is a vehicle -- in the process of his search he
text: finds himself down on his knees checking out the wiring.
text: Suddenly Sam 1's attention is on the floor BENEATH HIM. He
text: appears to be kneeling on some kind of PANEL -- like a
text: tablet in the return vehicle's floor -- he presses his ear
dialog: against the panel -- KNOCKS --
text: The panel sounds HOLLOW.
speaker_heading: CUBBY
text: Sam 1 opens a cubby, swipes something similar to a CROW
text: BAR, heads out of the frame --
speaker_heading: RETURN VEHICLE
text: Back in the Return Vehicle, Sam 1 stands over the panel in
text: the floor. He uses the CROW BAR to prize the panel open --
text: this takes an extraordinary effort -- the panel eventually
text: LIFTING like a manhole cover.
text: Sam 1 can't believe his eyes. At the top of the OPEN PANEL,
text: leading down into darkness...there's A LADDER.
scene_heading: 113 INT. DOCK 113
text: Sam 2 returns from his tour of the perimeter of the base;
text: pulls up alongside Sam 1's Rover, having to compensate for
text: his clone's poor parking job.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 114 INT. CORRIDOR 114
text: Sam 2 exits the Parking Bay and removes his helmet. Down
text: the corridor he sees Sam 1 standing outside the Return
text: Vehicle: facing him, waiting.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I saw three more of those
text: jammers. The base is surrounded.
dialog: I printed out their coordinates --
text: Sam 2 begins to remove a piece of paper from his pocket,
text: but suddenly stops. He can tell by Sam 1's expression that
dialog: something has happened.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: What? What is it?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I found your secret room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 115 INT. RETURN VEHICLE 115
text: Standing over the Open Panel, an anxious Sam 1 and Sam 2
dialog: stare down.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Who goes first?
text: Sam 1 wordlessly takes the lead, crouching slightly to
text: seize the ladder and twist his body down into the hole. He
text: begins to DESCEND. When he is roughly half way down Sam 2
text: follows.
scene_heading: 116 INT. LOWER DECK/CHAMBER -- CONTINUOUS 116
text: Sam 1 reaches the bottom of the ladder. He's in a dark
text: room, a kind of CHAMBER -- if NASA did crypts, it would
dialog: look like this.
text: The only light source right now is the coming from the
text: Return Vehicle up above. Sam 2 hops down beside Sam 1,
text: squints into the darkness.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Is there a light?
text: Both Sams FUMBLE along opposing walls -- Sam 1 eventually
text: finding a SWITCH, snaps it on.
text: An array of overhead fluorescent bulbs begin to STUTTER and
text: FLASH before ILLUMINATING the chamber completely --
dialog: 68.
text: The two Sams can hardly believe their eyes: stretching back
text: maybe fifty feet are rows and rows of PODS -- like upright
text: glass coffins -- and standing inside each pod, an as-of-yet
text: UNAWAKENED CLONE. It's like an ENTIRE ARMY of Sam Bells...
dialog: Spooky as hell.
text: For a few moments Sam 1 and 2 are too stunned to speak.
text: They walk to the end of the chamber and back again, looking
text: at each clone one at a time -- all the clones are bare
text: chested and wear some kind of white cloth to cover their
text: genitals, like a diaper.
dialog: Of course they all look the same, that's why they're
dialog: clones, but this piece of scientific wizardry is mind-
text: boggling to Sam 1 and 2 -- they MARVEL at how each of the
text: clones is identical in every way, and down to the minutest
dialog: of details -- same length of hair, same skin tone, same
dialog: fingernails --
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are there so many of them?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
text: The cryo pod in the Return
text: Vehicle is an incinerator.
text: Sam 2 reacts with appropriate shock.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: We don't go home. We're burned to
dialog: death up there. Then the company
text: wakes up a new one. Every three
dialog: years. Like clock work.
dialog: Sam 2 absorbing this. Then:
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: How do you know all this?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I hacked into the Old Man.
dialog: Actually, Gerty did. I saw
dialog: footage. You're right, there have
dialog: been other clones before us.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Enough.
text: A pause.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: If that Rescue Unit finds the two
dialog: of us awake at the same time,
dialog: they'll kill us both for sure.
text: Sam 1 doesn't respond, he's in his own world.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: What are we going to do?
text: All of a sudden Sam 1 makes a beeline for the ladder,
text: starts heading back up.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Where are you going?
scene_heading: 117 INT. MONITORING STATION -- MOMENTS LATER 117
text: Sam 1 is digging in drawers, removes some equipment, some
text: wires; a radio, a small machine called a VIDEO PHONE,
dialog: referred to as a VP.
text: He is watched by Gerty.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, can I help you with
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Not now, Gerty, okay?
text: Gerty begins to slide out of the room. Sam calls after
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Gerty? Why did you help me? With
dialog: the password? Doesn't that go
dialog: against your programming or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Helping you is what I do.
text: Gerty leaves.
text: Sam 1 goes on picking up equipment, shoves it all into a
text: backpack he swiped from a peg.
text: Now Sam 2 appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: There's something I've got to do.
dialog: 70.
text: Sam 1 brushes by Sam 2 on his way out.
scene_heading: 118 INT. DOCK 118
text: Sam 1 marches up to his Rover, tosses in the backpack and
text: dips inside without his helmet, closes the door and backs
text: out into the black day.
scene_heading: 119 I/E. SAM 1'S ROVER/MOON SURFACE 119
text: Sam 1 at the wheel, flooring the Rover -- he looks
text: possessed, determined -- a man on a mission --
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
text: Sam's Rover approaches one of the many Jammers that we now
text: know circle the perimeter of the base.
text: Sam 1 stops the Rover on the other side of the Jammer.
text: Here, outside the range of the Jammers, he figures he might
dialog: be able to get a signal through to Earth.
text: ON SAM as he removes his equipment from the backpack and
text: starts to uncoil wires -- inserts a small BATTERY PACK onto
text: the back of the VP, sits the VP on his lap. The VP
text: resembles a Play Station Portable with its small but
text: nonetheless high-quality screen.
text: Sam isn't sure who to contact at first...finally he enters
text: some numbers from memory. The VP shaking in his hands. He
text: is nervous, scared. He disables the video mode on his end,
text: so he is only sending audio.
text: A moment of silence. The VP seems dead.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Come on...come on...
text: Then the VP BEEPS -- the monitor BLIPS -- the message seems
dialog: to have gone through.
text: And suddenly a GIRL appears on the screen.
text: Sam 1 can't believe it. It's the same Girl from his
text: hallucinations. Same wheat-colored hair. Same freckles
text: dotting her cheek bones. Same yellow dress.
text: The moment Sam 1 sees the Girl he thinks -- naturally --
text: that he's imagining things again. But then she speaks:
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Hello?
dialog: 71.
text: That's never happened before. Sam 1 finally manages to
dialog: respond:
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Uh, Bell residence?
text: The conversation has a very slight delay, maybe a second or
text: two, and the Girl isn't completely clear on the monitor. We
dialog: assume that these minor technical glitches are the same on
dialog: the Girl's end.
text: The Girl is sweet, chirpy -- nothing like the haunting,
text: ghost-like figure from Sam 1's hallucinations.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: This is the Bell Residence.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I'm trying to reach Tess Bell.
text: The girl's expression shifts -- now somewhere between
dialog: melancholy and curiosity --
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I'm sorry, she passed away some
dialog: years ago.
text: Sam 1 GASPS. He literally gasps. Like someone just plunged
text: a paring knife into his belly.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: No...no way.
text: The girl just stares.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Tess Bell? Are you sure?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Uh, yeah, I think so. I'm her
dialog: daughter.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Can I help you?
text: And astonishingly, the news of Tess's death actually takes
text: a back seat as Sam 1 is forced to confront this new
dialog: revelation.
text: The girl is EVE BELL. Sam 1 is talking to his DAUGHTER.
text: Sam 1 tilts his head, a smile twitches on his face.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Eve?
text: Sam 1 can't believe it. She's beautiful. She's beautiful.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: EVE BELL
dialog: Yes?
text: A moment. Eve looking more closely, trying to decipher Sam
text: 1's face. Tears glistening in his eyes.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: Hi... Hi. Eve. How old are you
dialog: now?
text: For a second Eve is embarrassed -- she blushes slightly --
text: but is still pulled in, intrigued.
speaker_heading: EVE BELL
dialog: I'm fifteen.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Do I know you?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: How did mom die, sweetheart?
speaker_heading: EVE BELL
dialog: Uh...
text: Now Eve is beginning to look spooked. She turns away from
text: the screen and calls to someone in another room:
speaker_heading: EVE BELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad!
text: And then we hear a voice. Sam's voice.
speaker_heading: SAM'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: What!
speaker_heading: EVE BELL
dialog: Dad, there's someone asking about
dialog: mom...
text: Sam's voice sounds CLOSER, more SUCCINCT, as he comes into
text: the room -- but we don't see him yet -- he sounds, OLDER.
speaker_heading: SAM'S VOICE
dialog: Who's asking about mom?
text: Sam 1 hurriedly shuts off the VP.
text: He sits there in the Rover, on the Moon, the middle of
text: nowhere -- hundreds and thousands of miles from Earth --
text: Sam 1 has never felt more alone than he does right now.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: 120 EXT. ROVER/MOON SURFACE 120
text: The Rover viewed from outside. We can't hear a thing. Just
text: the endless and unrelenting MOON SILENCE.
text: Inside the Rover we are able to make out Sam 1, quivering
text: at the wheel as he sobs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 121 INT. COMMS ROOM 121
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- THE OLD MAN
text: The "ping-ping-ping" of an alarm.
text: Appearing on The Old Man's monitor: "RESCUE UNIT ELIZA:
scene_heading: ARRIVAL TIME, 12 HOURS and 22 MINUTES."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 122 INT. REC ROOM -- DAY 122
text: Sam 2 is sitting before the model. He's flipped it back
text: over and returned it to the table top. Now he is attempting
text: to fix some of the demolished pieces. At this moment he's
text: gluing the spire back on the church.
text: Sam 2 hears a sound from the corridor. Moments later Sam 1
text: appears in the doorway wearing the backpack.
text: Sam 1 is beginning to look alarmingly ILL. His depleting
text: health has been evident throughout the film, but now it
text: seems to have jumped to a new level.
text: He watches Sam 2 for a little while.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Want me to help?
text: Sam 2 shifts over to give Sam 1 the adjacent chair. Sam 1
text: walks over, sits down. Together they work on gluing the
text: church back together.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember that crazy drunk guy who
dialog: used to hang out by the church?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Barbara Streisand?
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (with a smile)
text: He looked like Barbara Streisand.
dialog: We used to hide his Bible when he
text: passed out. Drove the guy nuts.
text: Sam 2 nods, remembering. A pause.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: How do you carve these things?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Want me to show you?
text: Sam 2 nods. Sam 1 picks up a block of wood, grabs an exacto
text: blade. Demonstrates.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to hold the wood away
dialog: from you. Like this.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: You're shaking.
text: Sam 2 isn't kidding. Though he is carving the block of
dialog: wood, Sam 1 can't keep it steady.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you shaking?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Watch what I'm doing.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You watching?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Now you try.
text: Sam 1 hands the wood and exacto blade to Sam 2.
text: Sam 2 attempts to whittle. He smiles, a little embarrassed.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I suck.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: You'll get the hang of it.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You see, that's a little better
dialog: already.
dialog: 75.
text: Suddenly Sam 1 turns around and has a vicious coughing fit.
text: It actually seems to propel Sam 1 out of his chair and up
text: onto his feet. Sam 2 watches with concern. Eventually the
text: coughing subsides.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: What's happening to you?
text: Sam 1 averts his gaze.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, I realize I've been less
dialog: than cooperative. But I want to
dialog: change that. You and me, we need
dialog: to work together. And that starts
dialog: with not keeping secrets from
dialog: each other.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Now what's going on?
text: Sam 1 tells the truth.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I think I'm dying.
text: Sam 2 stares back at him.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: There's blood in everything. My
dialog: urine. My vomit. I've got a
text: constant headache. Dizzy spells.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: The same thing happened to the
dialog: other clones. I saw it when I
text: hacked into the Old Man. After
dialog: three years they all started to
dialog: get sick. Now it's happening to
dialog: me. Well, it's been happening for
dialog: a while now. A couple of weeks.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: What do you think it is?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Maybe we don't live that long.
dialog: Maybe we start to decompose or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Jesus.
text: Suddenly Sam 1 closes his eyes -- SWAYS -- looks like he's
text: going to pass out.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey hey hey, you okay?
dialog: 76.
text: Sam 2 stands and moves to Sam 1. Holds him up, checks his
dialog: temperature.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don't you lie down for a
dialog: while? Take some tranqs. Get
text: some sleep.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (grim smile)
dialog: No tranqs. I don't think I would
dialog: ever wake up again.
text: Sam 1 manages a nod.
text: Sam 2 hooks his arm around Sam 1's shoulder, helps him from
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: 123 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS 123
text: Sam 2 deposits Sam 1 onto the bed. He removes Sam 1's
text: backpack, eases a pillow under his head. Sam 1 is instantly
text: asleep. Sam 2 pulls the comforter over him.
text: Sam 2 begins to leave the room, sees Sam 1's backpack on
text: the floor, the VP sticking out of it. Curious, Sam 2 grabs
dialog: the VP.
text: FLASHING on the VP's SCREEN: "Last Transmission: 15:14pm."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 124 INT. REC ROOM 124
text: Sam 2 enters the Rec Room and shuts the door. He moves to
text: one of the tables and sits down, POPS on the VP.
text: ON THE VP MONITOR we begin to re-watch the conversation
dialog: between Eve Bell and Sam 1. Obviously we are only seeing
text: Eve's face on the screen, but WE HEAR Sam 1's voice in the
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (O.S.)
dialog: Uh, Bell Residence?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: This is the Bell residence.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: (commenting as he
dialog: watches)
dialog: No you didn't...
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (O.S.)
dialog: I'm trying to reach Tess Bell.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I'm sorry, she passed away some
dialog: years ago.
text: Sam 2 and Sam 1 have exactly the same reaction at the same
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (O.S.) SAM 2
dialog: No...no way. No...no way.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (O.S.)
dialog: Tess Bell? Are you sure?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Uh, yeah, I think so, I'm her
dialog: daughter.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Can I help you?
dialog: I'm her daughter. A couple of days ago Sam 2 didn't know he
text: had a daughter, and now he's seeing her as a teenager, a
text: young woman. He is stunned.
dialog: Sam 2 continues to watch the message but we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 125 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS -- DAY 125
text: Sam 1 fast asleep. Sam 2 watches him from the doorway.
scene_heading: 126 INT. STORAGE CUBBY 126
text: Gerty is just continuing with his tasks like nothing is
text: happening. Right now he's STACKING ready-meals and
text: miscellaneous lunar snacks into neat columns.
text: Sam 2 walks up.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Gerty, I need to talk to you.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Of course, Sam, how can I help?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: We found the hidden room. We know
text: about the other clones.
text: A long pause. Then:
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: I don't know of a hidden room.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
text: The hidden room under the Return
dialog: Vehicle, Gerty. You know what I'm
dialog: talking about. We found it on our
dialog: own. Lunar doesn't know anything
dialog: about it.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: GERTY
text: The lower deck is out of bounds
dialog: to awakened clones --
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Ordinarily, Gerty, but what with
dialog: there being two of us awake at
dialog: the same time, and what with the
dialog: situation being unprecedented,
dialog: the rules have had to change. Do
dialog: you understand?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: I understand the situation is
dialog: unprecedented.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Good.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Gerty, how long does it take for
dialog: a clone to wake up?
speaker_heading: GERTY
text: A clone is awake the moment his
text: pod is opened. But he is not
text: fully conscious for several
dialog: hours.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Gerty, we need to wake up a new
dialog: clone.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: I am not permitted to do that,
dialog: Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: If we don't wake up another clone
dialog: me and the other Sam will die.
dialog: We'll die, Gerty. Do you
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Do you want me and the other Sam
dialog: to die?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: That is the last thing I want.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Then you have to wake up a new
dialog: clone. Okay, pal?
text: Sam 2 waits for a response. And waits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 127 INT. COMMS ROOM 127
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- THE OLD MAN
text: The "ping-ping-ping" of an alarm.
text: Appearing on The Old Man's monitor: "RESCUE UNIT ELIZA:
scene_heading: ARRIVAL TIME, 6 HOURS and 19 MINUTES."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 128 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS 128
text: Sam 1 fast asleep in bed.
speaker_heading: 129 SAM 1'S DREAM 129
text: A stretch of green grass dissected by a dirt path. A light
text: breeze. Endless blue sky above. No clouds. No visible sun.
scene_heading: 130 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS 130
text: Back on the sleeping Sam 1. Deep breaths. Eyelids twitching
dialog: slightly.
scene_heading: 131 SAM 1'S DREAM -- CONTINUED 131
text: In the distance, sitting beneath a tree on a blanket, we
text: see TESS BELL. She is removing items from a picnic basket.
text: Sam enters the frame, his back to the camera. He watches
text: his wife for a few moments, maintaining his distance.
text: Tess looks up and sees Sam. She lifts her hand, waves.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: ON SAM -- IN THE DREAM
text: Sam's expression is blank at first, but then he smiles at
text: Tess, waves back.
scene_heading: 132 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS 132
text: Sam 1's eyes open slowly. He's awake.
text: Was his dream a memory? A premonition? Or was it simply
dialog: made up?
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE -- SAM 1
text: A BLEARY Sam 1 yawns and stretches his arms over his head.
text: He reaches across the bed and rips a couple of tissues from
text: a box of Kleenex, blows his nose.
text: Afterwards he checks the tissues: a thick RED GOO came out
text: of his nose, the color and consistency of tomato pure.
dialog: Yeah, gross.
text: Sam 1 rolls out of bed, plants his feet on the ground.
text: The base seems eerily quiet. Too quiet. Sam 1 stands and
text: crosses to the door.
scene_heading: 133 INT. CORRIDOR 133
text: Sam 1 begins to walk left, down towards the Rec Room and
text: the Monitoring Station, but hesitates -- he turns the other
text: way, towards the Infirmary, heads that way instead.
scene_heading: 134 INT. INFIRMARY -- CONTINUOUS 134
text: Lying in one of the Infirmary beds, eyes closed, a NETWORK
text: of WIRES attached to his chest...Sam. We don't know which
text: Sam it is yet. He is clean shaven. He looks like any one of
text: the clones down in the secret chamber; then again he could
dialog: just as easily be Sam 2.
text: And that's what Sam 1 naturally assumes as he enters the
text: Infirmary and sees him lying there. Sam 1 moves closer,
text: curious, until he is standing right at the edge of the bed.
text: Sam 1 reaches out his hand to wake him up when there is a
text: voice from the doorway behind:
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Don't touch him.
dialog: 81.
dialog: Our suspicions are now confirmed. The Sam in the Infirmary
dialog: bed is a new clone. We will call him SAM 3.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
text: He's not conscious yet. Gerty and
dialog: I only woke him up a few hours
dialog: ago.
text: Sam 1 is not even remotely on the same page.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Why?
text: Sam 2 puts his finger to his lips. Then:
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Come to the Rec Room.
text: Sam 2 turns and leaves. Sam 1 follows slowly, one or two
text: glances at the sleeping clone along the way.
scene_heading: 135 INT. REC ROOM 135
text: We cut straight to the Rec Room and the conversation
dialog: between Sam 1 and Sam 2.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
text: When the Rescue Unit arrives
dialog: they'll expect to find a body in
dialog: the crashed Rover, right?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: We've got our body.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (points towards the
dialog: Infirmary)
dialog: That guy?
text: Sam 2 nods.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: They'll expect to find a dead
text: body in the crashed Rover.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: You're going to kill him?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Someone's got to pull the short
dialog: straw here, better someone who's
dialog: unconscious than you or me.
dialog: 82.
text: Sam 1 simply digesting the gravity of Sam 2's plan.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: If we go through with this, I'm
dialog: going to need your help hauling
text: him out to the crash site.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: What about us? Eliza arrives,
dialog: finds you and me as the welcome
dialog: party --
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: They're not going to find you and
dialog: me as the welcome party, they're
dialog: going to find me. You're going to
dialog: blast back to Earth before they
dialog: get here in one of the Helium 3
dialog: containers.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You're going home.
dialog: Sam 1 wasn't expecting that.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: You've done your three years. I
dialog: can't expect you to stick around.
dialog: Maybe you can meet Eve in person.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw the message on the VP. Eve
text: is beautiful. She looks like her
dialog: mom.
text: Sam 1 realizes that Sam 2 knows everything. There are no
text: secrets between them now.
text: They both absorb the impact of knowing Tess is dead.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: How do you think she died?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Jane died of cancer. I mean, it
dialog: was in the family. Who knows? Or
dialog: maybe it was an accident? Could
dialog: have been a million things.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I wish I'd been there.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Yeah. Me too.
text: The two Sams sitting together, UNITED by their grief.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 136 EXT. MOON BASE -- DAY 136
text: Shot of Selene from across the lunar plane. The base looks
text: almost peaceful. No evidence of the DRAMA going on inside.
scene_heading: 137 INT. CORRIDOR 137
text: The two Sams are testing out the CARGO CONTAINER to see if
dialog: their plan is going to work and Sam 1 can actually fit
dialog: inside.
dialog: These containers were designed to carry cannisters of
dialog: Helium 3, not to accommodate human beings.
text: Sam 1 looks in increasingly bad shape. Blanket draped
text: around his shoulders -- gaunt, bobbing, shivering.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Go for it.
text: Sam 1 hunches and slowly insinuates himself into the
dialog: container -- yes, he fits, but it's tight, like really
dialog: tight -- Sam 1 can anticipate one hell of a stiff neck by
text: the time he steps out onto terra firma.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Comfy?
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: No.
text: Sam 2 chuckles.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: But you fit. That's good. You
dialog: fit.
text: With a HEAVE Sam 2 PULLS Sam 1 from the container.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 138 INT. INFIRMARY -- DAY 138
text: Gerty is running tests on the unconscious Sam 3.
dialog: 84.
text: Sam 1 and Sam 2 stand on opposite sides of the room. Both
text: clones seem uneasy. They can't look at each other. They
text: can't look at Sam 3. Their eyes roam every inch of the room
text: just about before finally settling on Gerty.
text: Regardless of Sam 3 being unconscious, are they really
dialog: going to kill him?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 139 INT. COMMS ROOM 139
text: Sam 2 sits at the comms unit recording the message, a smile
text: plastered on his face, as WIDE as it is FAKE.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
text: Sam Bell reporting to Central.
text: 19:14 Pacific Time. Lunar Day 14.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Evening Overmeyers, evening
dialog: Thompson! According to the Old
dialog: Man Rescue Unit Eliza will be
dialog: here in just over three hours.
dialog: Not a moment too soon! I never
dialog: thought I'd say this, but I want
dialog: to get out there, I want to work.
dialog: I feel like a kid who's been
dialog: grounded. Looking forward to
text: Eliza straightening everything
text: out and things getting back to
dialog: normal around here. Well...that's
dialog: it. I'll let you know how it
dialog: goes. Over and out, gentlemen.
text: Sam 2 sends the message, his SMILE instantly COLLAPSING. He
text: mutters under his breath:
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Bastards.
scene_heading: 140 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS -- DAY 140
text: Sam 1 is sitting on the edge of his bed holding the
text: photograph of the pregnant Tess -- staring with great
text: concentration -- almost penetrative -- like he's trying to
text: will himself into the photograph.
text: We find out what's running through his head, cutting to:
speaker_heading: 141 SAM 1'S DREAM 141
text: Sam 1 has gone back to his dream -- or his vision -- of
text: Tess sitting on the picnic blanket beneath the tree.
dialog: 85.
text: Sam and Tess continue to wave to one another. Sam hasn't
text: moved. Tess calls out:
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Come on!
text: Suddenly we hear a voice.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (O.S.)
dialog: Sam?
scene_heading: 142 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS 142
text: Sam 2 is standing at the door. Sam 1 looks up at him.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: We need to do it. We need to do
dialog: it now. He'll be conscious any
dialog: minute.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: We've been putting it off for
dialog: long enough.
text: Sam 1 stares back at Sam 2 with defiance.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: We don't have to do anything. I
dialog: changed my mind.
text: Sam 2 isn't following.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not going back.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I'm coughing up blood, I'm as
dialog: white as a ghost. I look like I
dialog: belong in a graveyard. I meet Eve
dialog: now, I'll scare the shit out of
dialog: her more than anything else.
dialog: D'you think she'll even come
dialog: within ten feet of me, the way I
dialog: look?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: What are you talking about?
dialog: She's your daughter, man! She's
dialog: not going to care what you...
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: (angry)
dialog: She's not! She's not... my
dialog: daughter. At least, I'm not her
dialog: father. Not to her.
text: Sam 2 keeps quiet.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll put myself in the Rover,
dialog: I'll be the body -- it was me to
dialog: begin with anyway, right? You go
dialog: back to Earth. You go back.
dialog: You're healthy. You've got three
dialog: years ahead of you. You stand a
dialog: much better chance than I do. The
dialog: other guy....Gerty can get him up
dialog: to speed...he can be here to meet
text: Eliza when they arrive.
text: Sam 1 seems to have it all figured out. Although Sam 2
dialog: should in some ways be relieved by Sam 1's decision, he
text: looks closer to distraught.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: This is wrong. What are we
dialog: supposed to do? Sit around here
dialog: and wait to die? Fuck that!
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's what we were designed to do.
text: Both Sams struggle to hold in their emotions; Sam 1 morose,
dialog: Sam 2 angry.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Screw that! I'll go! ...And I'm
dialog: going to find this asshole, Sam
dialog: Bell, and ask him why the hell he
dialog: put us through this shit!
text: Sam 1 looks concerned. Sam 2 reads his mind.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll be careful. I'll keep Eve
dialog: out of it. She wont even know I
dialog: exist.
text: Sam 1 smiles wearily, watching his old self.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: You're a good guy, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I might stop shaving; It suits
dialog: us.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If all our memories are implants,
dialog: no disrespect, but I think its
dialog: about time I got some of my own,
dialog: as well.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Yeah. You should travel. I've
dialog: always wanted to do that.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I'd like that.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 143 I/E. ROVER/MOON SURFACE -- DAY 143
text: Driving to the crash site. Sam 2 at the wheel, Sam 1 riding
text: shotgun. Both men staring ahead in silence.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: Where all the trouble really started. Matthew, the stalled
text: Harvester, with the crashed Rover still trapped beneath it.
text: The crash site is beginning to resemble some old underwater
text: shipwreck.
text: The Rover enters the frame, beginning to slow down as it
text: approaches the crash site. Sam 2 rolls the Rover to a
text: standstill about ten feet from the front of the Harvester.
scene_heading: 144 I/E. ROVER/MOON SURFACE -- MOMENTS LATER 144
text: Sam 2 keeps the engine running as Sam 1 takes a handful of
text: TRANQUILIZERS one by one, washing down each pill with a
text: swig from a bottle of water.
text: Afterwards: a long pause. The two Sams sitting side by
text: side, staring across the bleak landscape. Neither of them
dialog: wants to say good-bye particularly.
speaker_heading: SAM 1
dialog: Tess came in for the interview,
dialog: remember?
text: Sam 2 is nodding away. Of course he remembers.
speaker_heading: SAM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: She was so beautiful. Even if she
dialog: wasn't the best candidate, I just
dialog: knew I had to give her the job. I
dialog: thought she was so sweet.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And then it was the end of the
dialog: summer.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: She was going back to San
dialog: Francisco.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: You knew you had to take a
dialog: chance. So you called her.
dialog: You were terrified and wrote that
dialog: whole speech for her answer
dialog: machine --
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But I didn't need it because Tess
dialog: answered the phone. And I could
dialog: tell in her voice as we talked,
dialog: she was thinking...
dialog: "Why has Sam called me?"
dialog: "The internship's over, why's he
dialog: called me at home?"
dialog: And then I asked her if she was
text: going to Adrian Fiddle's barbecue
dialog: and...
text: Sam 1 has dropped off to sleep. The back and forth exchange
text: is now essentially Sam 2's monologue.
speaker_heading: SAM 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: That's when I knew she liked me.
dialog: Because she didn't want to talk
dialog: to anyone else! She'd get up, get
dialog: some potato salad, go to the
dialog: bathroom, but she'd always come
dialog: back. And then we kissed. On the
text: steps in front of her apartment
dialog: building.
text: Sam 2 finally turns and looks at Sam 1. Sam 1's head cocked
text: to one side, eyes closed.
text: Sam 2 lifts the helmet off Sam 1's lap -- carefully lowers
text: the helmet onto Sam 1's head.
scene_heading: 145 I/E. ROVER/MOON SURFACE 145
text: Sam 2 LOPES towards the crashed rover holding Sam 1 in both
text: arms like a bride. He places Sam 1 on the ground and PRIZES
text: open the rover door -- he slowly slides Sam 1 inside.
text: Inside the Rover Sam 1 lies with his head jammed awkwardly
text: against the passenger side door. At once he looks peaceful
text: and wretchedly uncomfortable.
text: Sam 2 can barely bring himself to look at Sam 1. With both
text: hands he FORCES the door CLOSED, pivots around and slowly
text: BOBS back to his rover.
scene_heading: 146 I/E. ROVER/MOON SURFACE -- MOMENTS LATER 146
text: Sam 2 driving back to base. He has removed his helmet and
text: is brushing tears from his eyes with his glove.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: 147 INT. COMMS ROOM 147
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- THE OLD MAN
text: The "ping-ping-ping" of an alarm.
text: Appearing on The Old Man's monitor: "RESCUE UNIT ELIZA:
scene_heading: ARRIVAL TIME, 1 HOUR and 40 MINUTES."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 148 INT. INFIRMARY -- LATER 148
text: Gerty is continuing to run tests on Sam 3. Sam 2 enters. He
text: carries the freighted exhaustion of a man who has just
dialog: completed a long and difficult journey.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
text: How long before he's conscious,
dialog: Gerty?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: The new clone will be conscious
dialog: within one hour.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: That's good. That's very good.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam? Where is Sam?
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: He's gone home, Gerty.
text: Sam 2 leaves.
scene_heading: 149 INT. MONITORING STATION -- DAY 149
text: Sam 2 is loading OXYGEN CANISTERS into the CARGO CONTAINER
text: in preparation for his trip back to Earth.
text: Sam 2 working FAST, a sense of URGENCY. Eliza will be there
text: in a mere 90 minutes! It's coming down to the wire.
text: Gerty glides in as he works.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, this is not going to work.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: What? Why not?
dialog: 90.
text: Now Sam 2 loads food into the cargo container -- moon
text: snacks, rations, etc. -- and bottles of water. His final
dialog: addition is a 5 kilo load of precious Helium3; A good 15
dialog: million dollars worth!
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: If the Rescue Unit examine my
dialog: memory banks they will discover
dialog: what has taken place over the
dialog: last week. As you know I record
dialog: everything. If they are
dialog: suspicious, the first thing they
dialog: will do is search my memory
dialog: banks, and this would put you in
dialog: considerable danger.
text: Sam 2 straightens up, giving Gerty his full attention now.
dialog: This is serious. It could ruin everything.
text: The fact that Gerty has brought it up indicates that the
text: robot's loyalties lie ultimately with Sam.
speaker_heading: GERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: I recommend erasing my memory
dialog: banks. I can reboot myself once
dialog: you have departed.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: So that's what we're going to
dialog: have to do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you ok with that?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: I'll require your assistance,
dialog: Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Sure, just let me finish this.
text: Sam 2 continues his work.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 150 INT. INFIRMARY -- DAY 150
text: Sam 3 asleep in bed, very close to consciousness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 151 I/E. CRASHED ROVER/MOON SURFACE 151
text: Sam 1 inside the crashed rover, resembling a wild animal
text: pinned in a trap. He's still breathing.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: SAM 1'S DREAM
text: Once again we see Tess beneath the tree sitting on the
text: blanket. She looks over at Sam, continuing to wave.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Come on, Sam! Sam Bell! Come on!
text: Sam begins to walk towards Tess.
scene_heading: 152 I/E. CRASHED ROVER/MOON SURFACE 152
text: Back on Sam 1. The glass of his helmet is beginning to MIST
text: with blood. Sam sees a sliver of the sun as he dawns on his
text: side of the moon. He closes his eyes for the last time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 153 INT. INFIRMARY -- LATER 153
text: Sam 2 stands before Gerty.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: I've set your computer to reboot
dialog: the second I've blasted off.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Okay, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Thanks for all your help, Gerty.
dialog: I wish I could say I was going to
dialog: miss you, buddy, but to be
dialog: honest, I can't wait to get away
dialog: from here.
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: I understand, Sam. I hope life
dialog: is everything you remember it to
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Thanks. Are you sure you're
dialog: going to be ok?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Of course. The new Sam and I
dialog: will be back to our programming
dialog: as soon as I have finished
text: rebooting.
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Gerty, I'm not programmed.
dialog: 92.
text: Gerty doesn't respond. Sam 2 seems troubled.
text: Sam 2 leans forward and activates the Memory Erase button.
text: Gerty's READOUT SCREEN begins to TWITCH and FLASH with
text: RANDOM DATA -- then slowly FADES TO BLACK.
text: The Robot has been officially SHUT DOWN.
text: Gerty just stands there. Completely still. As lifeless as a
dialog: toy.
text: Sam 2 heads out of the room at top speed.
scene_heading: 154 EXT. MOON SURFACE 154
text: Shot of LUKE, the third of the Harvesters, heading across
dialog: the lunar plane.
scene_heading: 155 INT. MONITORING STATION 155
text: Sam 2 pauses at the window...looking for Eliza. The Rescue
text: Unit is so close Sam 2 might actually be able to pick out
dialog: their spacecraft.
text: And he can! It's tiny, but nevertheless it's there -- a
text: metallic spacecraft, glinting like a jewel -- and heading
text: steadily towards the Moon.
text: There isn't a moment to lose. Sam 2 swings around, heads
text: for the CARGO CONTAINER.
text: We remain inside the Monitoring Station as Sam 2 climbs
text: inside the Cargo Container He readies himself. Says a
dialog: little prayer and... he cant do it! Cursing at himself and
text: glancing at the time ticking away before Eliza lands, he
text: jumps back out of the CARGO CONTAINER and runs back into
dialog: the base.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 156 INT. MONITORING STATION 156
text: Sam 2 sits down before the Old Man. Eliza's imminent
text: arrival causing increased STRESS and TENSION.
text: Sam 2 takes out the piece of paper on which the COORDINATES
text: of the Jammers are printed out.
text: He starts to frantically type, altering the PATH of the
scene_heading: HARVESTERS.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: 157 EXT. MARK 157
text: Mark trundling along at half-speed. The Harvester suddenly
text: changes direction -- veering sharply to the left and
text: heading up over a steep slope.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 158 INT. MONITORING STATION 158
text: Back on Sam 2 as he RAPIDLY types, makes an error, screams:
speaker_heading: SAM 2
dialog: Fuck!
text: Pounds the delete button, continuing to type coordinates
text: into the Old Man -- He's done! He leaps out of his chair
text: and tears off through the base towards the cargo container.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 159 EXT. WIDE SHOT -- THE MOON 159
text: As Eliza's spacecraft sets its sights on Selene, we see the
text: Cargo Container ROCKET through the sky in the opposite
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 160 INT. MOON BASE SELENE/QUICK SHOTS 160
text: For a few moments all is quiet inside the base.
text: The "PING-PING-PING" of the Old Man.
text: The grinding GURGLE of a computer readout.
text: This sequence echoes the tour at the very start of the
text: film, but the base has a decidedly different feel to it
text: now. It's like an abandoned house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 161 INT. COMMS ROOM 161
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- THE OLD MAN
text: On the monitor: "RESCUE UNIT ELIZA: ARRIVED."
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: 162 EXT. ELIZA'S SPACECRAFT/MOON SURFACE 162
text: A box shaped spacecraft, all menace and angles, slowly
text: DESCENDING towards the lunar surface.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 163 INT. INFIRMARY -- LATER 163
text: Gerty sits lifeless.
text: We hear the sounds of pressure doors opening. Unrecognized
text: voices as the landing crew enters the base, calling for
dialog: Sam.
text: Gerty comes to life.
text: His principal monitor POPS ON and his pincer-like HANDS
text: begin to TWITCH. His READOUT SCREEN streams with DATA.
text: Gerty's head begins to swivel left and right -- as if he's
text: awoken with a stiff neck -- eventually he SEES Sam 3,
text: crosses to him.
text: Just like that, Gerty continues his routine checks of Sam 3
text: -- studying Sam 3's heartbeat, his brain activity -- the
text: robot literally picking up where he left off.
text: And then Sam 3's eyes open. He is awake. He blinks at
text: Gerty, cloudy, groggy.
speaker_heading: SAM 3
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: GERTY
dialog: Sam, you're in the Infirmary. You
dialog: had an accident.
text: Sam 3 staring ahead, trying to dig up the memory.
speaker_heading: GERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you remember what happened?
speaker_heading: SAM 3
dialog: No, Gerty.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I don't remember a thing.
text: We hear heavy footsteps and voices closer now, just outside
dialog: the infirmary.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: 164 EXT. MARK/JAMMER/MOON SURFACE 164
text: A CLOSE UP of MARK as the Harvester churns along and SLAMS
text: into an JAMMER with full force.
text: The Jammer wobbles unsteadily from the IMPACT, before
text: finally TOPPLING over, HAZING the air with lunar dust.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 165 EXT. CARGO CONTAINER/SPACE 165
text: The Cargo Container BULLETING through space, fire blasting
text: from its jets like the petals of an exotic flower.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 166 INT. CARGO CONTAINER 166
text: Sam 2 is seriously cramped inside one of the Helium 3
text: containers, about as comfortable as a pony in a dog kennel,
text: but nonetheless WHOOPING RAUCOUSLY at the sheer velocity of
dialog: the container -- as well as, and perhaps even more so, the
text: fact that he has successfully escaped the base.
text: He's going home.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 167 I/E. CRASHED ROVER/MOON SURFACE -- DAY 167
text: Sam 1 has stopped breathing. The sun shines on his face.
speaker_heading: 168 SAM'S DREAM 168
text: Sam walks towards Tess. He sits down in front of her on the
dialog: blanket.
text: A beautiful picnic is spread out before them. Tess has
text: never looked so radiant, so beautiful. Light from the sky
text: pours into her upturned face.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: What took you so long?
text: Sam just smiles back at her. She hands him a bottle of wine
text: and a corkscrew.
text: CAMERA PANS UPWARD -- not a cloud in sight -- but we are
text: just able to pick out the chalky outline of the MOON,
text: resembling a white thumb print in the blue sky.
dialog: 96.
text: HOLD THIS shot of the Moon for a few seconds before we
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 169 INT. COMMS ROOM 169
text: On the Comms Unit monitor there is a BLAST of STATIC,
text: followed by a FLASHING MESSAGE:
text: "LIVE FEED AVAILABLE."
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
