scene_heading: MARK FELT - THE MAN WHO BROUGHT DOWN THE WHITE HOUSE
dialog: 
dialog: by
dialog: Peter Landesman
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
scene_heading: TITLE: WASHINGTON, D.C., 1972 1
text: Now a rhythmic, accelerating anthology -- footage, stills --
dialog: President Richard Nixon at re-election whistle-stops - As
text: Pennsylvania Ave roils with protest -- scrimmage lines of
text: National Guard and Police -- Washington Monument carpeted in
text: tents -- flames spitting out of Pentagon windows -- placards
text: of jungle trench full of American army dead -- LAPD squad
text: cars pouring smoke and flame --
text: Accelerating now to a torrent of campaign bunting and
text: bumperstickers and the signage and news feeds of Palestinian
dialog: Liberation Organization--Black Liberation Army--Klan--Black
dialog: September--Red Army--Irish Republican Army--Weather
dialog: Underground.
text: The alphabet of rage. Until we cut to black, and HOLD there
dialog: on black.
scene_heading: TITLE: BASED ON THE ACTUAL EVENTS
dialog: Then--
text: AN ALARM CLOCK BEEPING. 5.15 a.m. A man’s hand enters frame. 2
text: Shuts the alarm, and now--
text: HANDS IN A MIRROR. Perfecting a tie, and now-- 3
text: THE HANDS lay a dress on a bed, across the feet of a woman 4
dialog: still asleep, and now--
text: HOT WATER BEING POURED into a cup of Folger’s instant. We’re 5
text: in an immaculate kitchen, circa early-70’s, and now to--
text: AN ANTISEPTIC LIVING ROOM. Legions of obsessively aligned 6
text: glass animals. Pictures of two KIDS: young man, around 20, in
text: Airman’s Uniform; a young pretty woman. Furniture shrink-
text: wrapped in plastic. A pool out back, vodka-clean. Grass
dialog: manicured. Now out to--
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - FAIRFAX, VA. - MORNING 7
dialog: 
text: A subdivision of modest split-level lookalikes. The pierced
dialog: heart of the American middle.
text: One garage door rises. MARK FELT - immaculate suit, 50ish -
text: strides to the curb, trash in one hand, coffee in the other.
text: Moving with a kind of imperious grace.
dialog: 2.
text: The PAPERBOY hook-shots the paper onto the lawn. Jump to the
text: back yard. He has a smoke. He takes a moment with the
text: brightening sky. And as we hold on him, we--
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON, DC. - MORNING - FELT’S BUICK (MOVING) -
speaker_heading: AERIAL
dialog: 
text: Crossing the Potomac. Past the Lincoln Memorial. While--
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - WHITE HOUSE - DAY
text: Felt enters on Asst. to the President JOHN EHRLICHMAN, 45,
text: staring out his window at the bedlam; and Special Counsel
text: JOHN DEAN, 33 and boyish. And Attorney General JOHN MITCHELL,
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: FELT EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Gentlemen. Have a seat, Felt.
dialog: (as Felt sits--)
text: CLOSE IN in on Felt’s eyes. Which have a rare and trained
text: hyper-awareness. Capturing the smallest details like a
text: camera: a patch of perspiration on Ehrlichman’s forehead; a
text: smudge on Dean’s shoe.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Goddamn Russian Revolution out
dialog: there. Why aren’t we arresting
dialog: anybody?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Because that--
dialog: (out there)
dialog: Isn’t a crime.
dialog: (which turns him)
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: We know why you’re here, Felt. But
dialog: before all that. The President
dialog: needs your advice.
text: Dean moves to the side for a better angle.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN MITCHELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hoover’s run the FBI, what, Fifty.
dialog: forty years?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Fifty goddamn years! You know
dialog: Johnson and Kennedy wanted to fire
dialog: him, don’t you? But they didn’t
dialog: have the balls.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN (CONT'D)
text: (and he looks and waits,
dialog: but--)
text: Felt is saying nothing. And after an uncomfortable pause--
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Did you know the President wanted
dialog: to be an FBI G-Man, just like you?
dialog: Hoover wrote him personally what a
dialog: damn fine candidate he was, but
dialog: with budget cuts the FBI couldn't
dialog: afford him.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: How’s that for a lesson in fate?
dialog: Now he’s President of the United
dialog: States.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: If the President were going to ask
dialog: Mr. Hoover to step aside, how would
dialog: you suggest he do it?
text: And Felt goes still, as a dog will at a sign of danger.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We know you to be a friend to this
dialog: administration. And we like to see
dialog: our friends get what they deserve--
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: You’re next in line.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: There is no line.
speaker_heading: DEAN
text: The President is asking.
text: Pause. A hesitation. Exasperation.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Mr. Hoover would want to keep his
dialog: bullet-proof car. And his
dialog: secretary. I’d offer him that.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: You're a real politician, Felt.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’m a law man.
text: Polite smiles. Maybe a chuckle.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: As the President likes to say,
dialog: there are two kinds of people in
dialog: politics - winners and losers. I
dialog: knew a loser once and he was a
dialog: queer.
dialog: (intoning)
dialog: Gentlemen, Mark Felt is no loser!
dialog: (as Felt stays stoic,
dialog: patient)
dialog: So okay, Felt, go ahead, fire away.
dialog: Felt’s errand--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: As you know Mr. Hoover has heard
dialog: rumors of the presence of
dialog: homosexuals at the highest levels
dialog: of the White House.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Who’s the fag supposed to be?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN MITCHELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Is he here in this room? You want to polygraph us?
dialog: (and they laugh)
text: Except Dean. The lawyer. Unamused.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Does the FBI really need to spend
dialog: resources on this?
dialog: (laughter dies)
dialog: Do we?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I can take it from here.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Then thanks for popping by.
dialog: (and as the show is over,
dialog: and they start to focus
dialog: on other things--)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: If I may--
dialog: (they’re annoyed)
dialog: There is one thing Mr. Hoover knows
dialog: has been on all your minds.
dialog: (and just like that he has
dialog: their attention again)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
text: Whenever the FBI hears a piece of
dialog: gossip, or information, such as: 'I
dialog: saw so-and-so out with another
dialog: woman not his wife. Or a man not
dialog: his wife'-
dialog: (and start a slow push in)
dialog: We’re supposed to write everything
dialog: down. And we do. Write it all down.
dialog: In memos.
dialog: (gives that some air)
dialog: These memos come to me and I decide
dialog: what information Mr. Hoover needs
dialog: to know, and send that up to Mr.
dialog: Hoover. And Mr. Hoover puts it all
text: away. In his private files.
dialog: (--)
dialog: To be kept safe. Out of the hands
dialog: of people without discretion.
dialog: People who could do harm. Should
dialog: that information be leaked, for
dialog: instance. And put before the court
dialog: of public opinion.
text: TIGHT on Felt’s face until it fills the screen. To these men
text: this face is now the still center of the universe.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: And then sometimes Mr. Hoover will
dialog: go, for instance, to the
dialog: President's closest aides, and say -
dialog: 'Mr. Ehrlichman, I want you to know
dialog: that we received that report about
dialog: you and that other woman, and I
dialog: want to tell you that there is
dialog: absolutely no reason for us to take
dialog: any further action. There is no
dialog: violation.' You are safe. We, the
dialog: FBI, all your secrets are safe with
dialog: us.
text: Tense silence. The threat lands. Then--
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: How long have you been in the FBI,
dialog: Felt?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Thirty years.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Thirty years. That’s a lot of
dialog: information. A lot of files.
dialog: (yes it is, and)
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Felt.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Thank you, gentlemen.
scene_heading: INT. FELT HOME - FAIRFAX, VA. - NIGHT 10
dialog: 
text: Felt enters. The FBI uniform: trench, hat, briefcase.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (0.S.)
dialog: There he is--
text: AUDREY FELT - Felt’s kinetic wife, 45, beautiful, ina
text: flamethrower dress, sparkling in a frail crystal kind of way.
text: Puts a preemptive finger to his lips--
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's have a good time, darling?
dialog: Can we do that?
dialog: (she’s drunk, and--)
text: Kisses him. Deep and sexy. Then hands him a drink. He drains
text: half. Obedient. Thirsty.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Good boy.
text: Now leads him into the living room to ANOTHER COUPLE: ED
text: MILLER, 40, lean and taut; wife, PAT, slim and attractive.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: I give you the Chief Dragon Slayer
dialog: and guardian of the American Dream--
speaker_heading: PAT MILLER
dialog: Well crack a smile at least, Mark.
dialog: (Miller pulls her back)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (game; John Wayne)
dialog: Sorry, ma’am. It’s the way they
dialog: trained me.
speaker_heading: PAT MILLER
dialog: Eddie, stop it!--
dialog: (because Miller’s yanking
dialog: on her)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I like it. She’s the best--
text: And winks at Miller. Audrey clutches him. Her hero.
dialog: All
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Now I need a drink.
dialog: (and she heads into)
text: KITCHEN - where we find Audrey alone in the harsh All
text: fluorescence. In that dress. Back to living room, waiting.
text: Until Felt appears and embraces her from behind. What she
dialog: wanted. Then cut to--
scene_heading: LIVING ROOM - LATER 11
text: The room gone smoggy with cigarette smoke, furniture cleared.
text: Earnest tango instrumental blaring from the phonograph.
text: The Felts and the Millers tango from one end of the room to
text: the other. Felt graceful and commanding, Audrey sexy and
text: liquid. Fabulous dancers.
text: Now they switch. Natural and loose in new arms, then--
text: SAME - STILL LATER. They’re all sauced. Messy rapture. Ed andl2
text: Pat smoking on the sofa. Audrey hanging on Felt at the piano.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (singing soft and well)
dialog: My funny valentine, sweet comic
dialog: valentine, you make me smile with
dialog: my heart...
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D) AUDREY
dialog: But don’t change a hair for Kiss me.
dialog: me. Not if you care for me...
text: And he does. And Audrey rests her head on his shoulder.
dialog: Nothing in the world but you. Now--
scene_heading: SAME - STILL LATER 13
text: Now it’s Pat slinked against Felt at the piano. While Audrey
text: and Ed do a slow dance. Like ass-clutchy high-schoolers.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT’D) FELT
dialog: Kiss her, Mark. Stay little valentine stay...
speaker_heading: AUDREY FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: She wants you to. She told me (shakes, No)
dialog: she did. But don’t change a hair for
dialog: me. Not if you care for me...
text: Audrey blows a kiss at Felt. Pat rests her head on his
text: shoulder. As Ed gives Audrey a twirl, and--
speaker_heading: PAT MILLER
dialog: All the girls love you.
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - FELT HOME - LATER 14
text: Felt and Audrey clop up the stairs, drunk. At the top Audrey
text: topples toward a partially open door. Felt pulls the door
dialog: shut tight--
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Wanna go’n there!
text: --and steers her away, back down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - FELT HOME - LATER 15
text: Audrey on the edge of the sink. Felt on his knees, with great
text: precision painting her toe-nails, then--
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - FELT HOME - LATER 16
text: Felt guides Audrey to bed. She pulls him on top of her,
text: clinging to him as though afraid she’ll plunge. She tries to
text: shut off the light. He stops her, “I want to see you.” She
text: opens to him, brings him inside. They make love, passionate
text: and forceful and present.
text: Then HEAR (PRE-LAP) ICE CUBES in a glass. Liquid poured over
dialog: them. And cut to--
text: EFREM ZIMBALIST JR. frozen in a gunslinger’s crouch. 17
text: PULL BACK to REVEAL it’s a poster on a wall, the kitsch-
text: perfect G-Man in the “The FBI”.
text: PAN RIGHT to a framed photo: 25-ish Mark Felt as same: hat
text: cocked, stagy G-Man gun crouch. Now--
text: PAN to our Felt. Twice that age. In a robe, fixing a solitary
text: drink. Alone and in deep contemplation. We’re in his office,
dialog: and we HOLD ON HIM there, then--
scene_heading: INT. FBI HQ - MORNING 18
text: Felt strides purposefully down a grand deco hallway. Past WPA
text: murals and endless offices. First in.
scene_heading: TITLE: MAY 2, 1972
text: And into his suite. 7 a.m. on the nose. 19
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Good morning.
text: CAROL TSCHUDY, 35, takes Felt’s coat and hat.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Is the Director in?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Not yet.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Mrs. Felt called.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: How many times?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Just once.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Tschudy--
dialog: (and--)
text: Felt continues to his inner office. Unholsters his .38,
dialog: sticks it in a drawer. And pan up to find--
text: ED MILLER. By the window. He’s an Agent. Felt’s second-in-
dialog: command. Hasn’t slept and looks it.
text: Miller hands Felt a folder stamped “PLAN C - TOP SECRET”.
dialog: It’s funny. In this building the warmth has gone. The
dialog: familiarity and intimacy has gone. It’s all business. And we
text: PAN DOWN now to the crime-scene shots in Felt’s hands:
text: The Capitol building, facade blackened, windows blown; then
dialog: the wreckage inside ... “Weather Underground Organization
dialog: bombing, Capitol building”...
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: How many bombings now?
speaker_heading: MILLER
text: A couple dozen.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Precise numbers. Mr. Miller.
dialog: The formality surprises us. Not them.
text: Another photo. Four charred corpses.
speaker_heading: MILLER
text: Nails and ball bearings. They blew
dialog: themselves up. But these kids
dialog: aren’t messing around.
dialog: 10.
text: Felt holds up surveillance photos of SUSPECTS. Everyday
dialog: American Youth. Then a Weather Underground pamphlet--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: They’re embarrassing the FBI.
dialog: (and then, they both
dialog: realize it, same time)
dialog: They’re going to try to hit the
dialog: White House.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Yes they are.
text: NOW AN FBI MAN enters. CHARLIE BATES, 40.
speaker_heading: BATES
text: He’s dead.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: The housekeeper found Mr. Hoover on
text: the floor. He wasn’t breathing.
text: Felt looks sharply at Miller.
speaker_heading: BATES (CONT'D)
text: It looks like a stroke.
text: Felt rises to his feet. 0.S. we hear Carol gasp.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Put everything into motion. No
dialog: mistakes, gentlemen. Not one.
dialog: (Bates crosses and leaves,
dialog: then Miller)
text: And Felt and Carol are left alone. Holding a long look.
text: Carol’s face says, “You’re the new director.”
scene_heading: 20 INT. FBI HQ - DAY 20
dialog: BATES & MILLER keep the halls clear, while--
text: FELT supervises SECRETARIES shuttling file boxes from
text: Hoover’s office across the hall into Felt’s.
text: PUSH IN on the boxes: “Official & Confidential.” ONE BOX IN
scene_heading: PARTICULAR, CLOSE: “Personal & Confidential”, as--
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: NIXON/RADIO (OVER)
dialog: All Americans today mourn the death
dialog: of J. Edgar Hoover. His greatness
dialog: will remain inseparable from the
dialog: greatness of the organization he
dialog: created and gave his whole life to
dialog: building, the Federal Bureau of
dialog: Investigation.
dialog: (and cut to--)
text: A MAN BUSTING INTO THE HQ ENTRANCE: small, balding, 21
text: accountant-like. This is L. PATRICK GRAY, 56. Trailed by
text: three YOUNG JUSTICE DEPT LAWYERS. As Nixon continues:
speaker_heading: NIXON/RADIO (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: He made the FBI the finest law
dialog: enforcement agency on the earth,
dialog: the invincible and incorruptible
dialog: defender of every American's
dialog: precious right to be free from
dialog: fear.
dialog: (and cut to--)
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS ELSEWHERE IN FBI HQ: files, films and 22
text: recordings being pulled, shredded, shoved in burn bags. And
dialog: cut back to--
text: GRAY AND MINIONS heading down an endless hallway through prim23
text: SECRETARIES and sober AGENTS. Past the stacks and stacks of
text: files and papers on the move, the hushed Kafkaesque
dialog: bureaucratic constipation. Then back to--
text: FELT. Watching the last box go. 24
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: They’re here.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (marking the time)
dialog: Nine-oh-five.
dialog: (and as Carol jots that
dialog: down, we cut back to--)
text: GRAY. Dead-ending, doubling back, disoriented. No one 25
text: offering directions. Fuming. Finally finding--
text: FELT, BATES AND MILLER waiting for him outside Hoover’s
text: locked office. Gray shakes Felt’s hand.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Good morning, Felt.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: The Assistant Attorney General--
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: GRAY
text: Pat Gray. A complicated morning for
dialog: all of us.
speaker_heading: FELT
text: Mr. Miller is making the funeral
dialog: arrangements.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I have the Attorney General's
dialog: instructions on seating and
dialog: protocol--
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: The funeral will be handled by the
dialog: FBI.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: --the Attorney General will sit
dialog: beside the Vice President-
speaker_heading: FELT
text: Handled by the FBI in its own way,
dialog: Mr. Gray.
text: Stop. FBI AGENTS start to collect around them.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (less confident now)
dialog: I also have instructions on Mr.
dialog: Hoover’s files. I am to take
dialog: possession of them. And bring them
dialog: to the White House.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What files?
text: Gray turns to one of his flacks. Who shrugs.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Mr. Hoover’s secret files. The
dialog: ‘Personal and Confidentials’.
dialog: (Flack whispers something
dialog: to him)
dialog: ‘Official and Confidentials’.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: There are no secret files.
text: Gray turns to Felt, Felt levels at him a look we will come to
text: know: a poker-faced imperiousness that means ‘I don’t know’
dialog: and ‘I’m not going to tell you’, both and neither.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. HOOVER'S OFFICE - FBI - DAY 26
text: Empty, hushed, chapel-like. The desk throne-like on its
text: infamous three-inch platform. Behind, Dillinger’s death mask,
text: framed gestures of gratitude from the world’s kings.
text: This is one of two cockpits that fly America.
dialog: 
text: Felt enters. Shuts the door. Alone. Then the unthinkable: He
text: sits in The Chair. We HOLD, stay with him. Rightfully his.
dialog: And start to HEAR:
speaker_heading: REVEREND EDWARD ELSON (PRE-LAP)
dialog: We thank Thee this day for Thy
dialog: servant, J. Edgar Hoover, for his
dialog: lifelong trust in Thee, his
dialog: steadfast devotion to the nation--
dialog: (and then we--)
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL ROTUNDA - WASHINGTON - DAY 27
dialog: 
text: Hoover's casket sits flag-draped under the cavernous dome.
text: Surrounded by NIXON'S CABINET. Ehrlichman, Dean. Standing
text: through a long Quakerish silence.
text: Hoover's lieutenants to the side, the grieving FBI family.
dialog: Felt their leader.
scene_heading: REVEREND EDWARD ELSON
dialog: --his elevated patriotism, his
dialog: commitment to justice and peace in
dialog: the nation.
text: PUSH IN ON FELT: sensing every face in the room. Taking each
dialog: in. And they him.
text: The heir apparent. The target.
speaker_heading: REVEREND EDWARD ELSON (CONT’D)
dialog: We ask that we may be as strong as
dialog: he was strong; brave as he was
dialog: brave, loyal as he was loyal, serve
dialog: as he served, love the nation as he
dialog: loved it--
dialog: (and now we--)
text: FIND a face in the crowd: BILL SULLIVAN, 50. Short and
text: unkempt, suit not black but blue, in protest. And now--
dialog: 28
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL - DAY 28
text: [It’s raining. A sea of umbrellas slides down the steps to
text: waiting limos.] Felt with Bates and Miller sans umbrellas.
dialog: [*rain optional]
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN (0.S.)
dialog: Mark!
text: Bates and Miller see Sullivan approach, peel off.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN (CONT’D)
dialog: (offers his umbrella)
dialog: Share mine.
text: Rain popping hard overhead. Walking and talking:
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Bill Sullivan and Mark Felt -
dialog: together again. Who would have
dialog: thought?
dialog: (--)
dialog: You know, I think I might be the
dialog: one who recommended you to the old
dialog: man for your first big promotion.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You know you were.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: That’s right. Mark Felt doesn't
dialog: forget. That’s why everyone likes
dialog: you. Hell, I even like you, and I
dialog: don’t like anybody.
text: They stop. Face each other.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: You didn’t even let me keep my
dialog: badge.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: At least it wasn’t the gold watch
text: and handshake.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: No, you just change the locks on
dialog: the doors.
dialog: (beat; then)
dialog: I had thirty years in the Bureau.
dialog: Same as you.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You were the Director's bag man.
dialog: You taped King with other women and
dialog: sent the pictures to his wife. Do
dialog: you want me to go on?
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: That won’t be necessary.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: It was necessary. Those days were
dialog: over. You had to go.
text: Sullivan fingers the edge of Felt’s suit.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Immaculate. Perfect--
dialog: (--)
dialog: You could be you, Mark, only
dialog: because I was who I was. You and I
dialog: were an ecosystem. That’s how
dialog: nature works. Everything in a
dialog: balance.
dialog: (now)
dialog: Now the king is dead. Long live the
dialog: king.
dialog: (--)
dialog: You the new king?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You tell me.
text: Sullivan takes Felt in.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Mark Felt: integrity--bravery--
dialog: fidelity. Ladies and gentleman: the
dialog: G-Man’s G-Man.
text: (and tips his head back
dialog: for a better view)
dialog: Wanna know what everyone really
dialog: thinks of you?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Competent, reliable, loyal--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What’s wrong with that?
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Nothing. If you’re a Golden
dialog: Retriever.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hoover’s gone. You’re all alone.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 29
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Holding the end of your own leash.
dialog: (and simply walks off)
text: Leaving Felt standing alone.
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. FELT HOME - FAIRFAX, VA. - THAT EVENING 29
text: The antiseptic kitchen a happy wreck. Half-eaten dinner; sink
text: full. O.S., laughter, party murmur. Audrey enters from the
text: pool. Bonfire of warmth and joy, looks her best. We follow
text: her back out to find Felt and the Millers around a table out
text: by the pool. Many drinks and cigarettes in.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (joyous)
dialog: Do you-all remember when Mr. Hoover
dialog: sent Mark to the Oval Office to
dialog: roust out the homos--?
dialog: (her best - and fairly
dialog: good - John Dean)
dialog: You’re a politician, aren’t you
dialog: Felt?
dialog: (her best - and very good -
dialog: Felt)
dialog: No, Mr. Mitchell, I’m a law man.
speaker_heading: PAT MILLER
dialog: c'mon!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (her best - and extremely
dialog: good - Ehrlichman)
dialog: Two kinds of people in politics,
dialog: Felt, winners and losers. I knew a
dialog: loser once and he was a queer. Mark
dialog: Felt’s no queer.
text: Audrey's a social genius. They’re laughing hard. As Felt
text: quietly blows smoke rings at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, handsome. Where’d you go?
text: Felt and Miller glance at each other.
speaker_heading: PAT MILLER
dialog: (to Audrey)
dialog: Let them protect their government
dialog: secrets. Here it’s me and you lady.
dialog: (--)
dialog: How is Mark Jr.?
dialog: 30
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: FELT MILLER
dialog: He’s loving the Air Force. God. That's wonderful--
dialog: Made his first solo flight--
speaker_heading: PAT MILLER MILLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hear anything from Joan? Pat, don’t-
speaker_heading: PAT MILLER
dialog: Eddie, hush. It’s fine. This is
dialog: mothers’ business.
text: But Audrey's face stuck in something like a smile, so--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Nothing. It’s been a year.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Don’t do this now.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: When is a good time?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Just not in front of the whole
dialog: world, darling--
text: And she’s up, arms around him. Smiling, like nothing’s wrong.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t want anything to ruin
dialog: tonight.
dialog: (wriggles her finger)
dialog: C’mere.
text: And takes Felt by the hand - “Ta-da!”- pulls him up and into--
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT OFFICE - FELT HOME 30
text: Where Felt’s desk has been raised on a three-inch platform.
text: New name plate wrapped in ribbon: “DIRECTOR”.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Just like Mr. Hoover’s. There we
dialog: are, my darling hero. Here’s to
dialog: you.
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: Everything we always wanted.
text: (and embraces him; lips to
dialog: his ear)
dialog: I know you wanted her here for
dialog: this. But I’m here.
dialog: (and with a squeeze--)
dialog: I’m always here--
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 18.
text: And leaves the men to their business. Felt obviously worried.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: FELT
text: When the lion is dead the jackals
dialog: come out.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: You’re worried about Sullivan?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Sullivan is outside our fence.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: He’s with the White House now. He’s
text: one of them.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: The White House is outside our
dialog: fence.
dialog: And close on Felt, because it’s something else, and cut to--
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE STAIRWAY - FELT’S HOME 31
text: Where Audrey is loitering near the door. Listening.
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY 32
text: Felt at his desk, we think staring into the middle distance.
dialog: We REVERSE TO HIS POV:
text: Hanging behind his door, in perfect sight-line from the desk
text: (and desk only), a photo of a striking, almost ethereal YOUNG
text: WOMAN in her early 20's. Looks a lot like Felt. This is his
text: daughter, JOAN. (Younger picture of her in the living room.)
speaker_heading: CAROL/ INTERCOM
dialog: The Attorney General.
text: Felt takes a breath of anticipation, picks up. We hear only
dialog: his end of things:
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Dick --
dialog: (--)
dialog: And I’ve enjoyed every day of it.
dialog: The FBI has been home and duty to
dialog: me and my family for thirty years.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘ _ (Stops)
dialog: es?
text: Eyes make a subtle shift, no more than the dilation of
text: pupils. His hand clenches. Unclenches. Fists. The
text: disappointment is palpable. HOLD, and--
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: (cold now, neutral)
dialog: I agree. A new day--
dialog: Yes, a fresh start. It’s what I'd
dialog: do.
dialog: (can barely get it out)
dialog: Who do you have in mind?
dialog: (then)
dialog: I’m sorry, can you repeat that?
dialog: Who?
dialog: (and now SMASH CUT TO)
text: 33 FELT, BATES & MILLER MARCHING shoulder-to-shoulder through 33
text: the halls of HQ. Closing in fast on a huddle OF FIVE MEN
text: outside Hoover’s old office.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: (hand extended)
dialog: Welcome to the FBI.
text: The NEW DIRECTOR turns. It’s PAT GRAY.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: A friendly face--
dialog: (pumps Felt’s hand)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Excuse us, gentlemen.
dialog: (and when he and Gray are
dialog: alone--)
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I know the Bureau has its closets
dialog: and skeletons. You can count on me
dialog: to keep those doors shut.
text: Felt stops them by a window. Out the window is Pennsylvania
dialog: Avenue. And down Pennsylvania: the White House.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘1l be candid with you--
dialog: (trying to connect, and
dialog: Felt gives nothing)
dialog: I was a submarine commander in the
dialog: Navy. I was father, priest and
text: friend to eighteen-year-old boys.
dialog: Did you know that?
speaker_heading: (~) (MORE )
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT’D)
dialog: But not a suspicious man by nature,
dialog: funny enough. Which maybe makes me
dialog: a strange choice to run the FBI.
dialog: (still doesn’t respond)
dialog: In fact, when the President called,
dialog: my wife begged me to turn it down.
text: (and laughs, waiting for a
dialog: friendly sign - it
dialog: doesn’t come)
dialog: The President wasn’t asking. If you
dialog: know what I mean.
dialog: (an awkward silence, then)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Now let me be candid with you, Mr.
dialog: Gray. The FBI is the most respected
dialog: institution in the world. It is one
dialog: of the two cockpits that fl
dialog: America. And it is what it is
dialog: because no one from the outside
dialog: ever got inside. Mr. Hoover's been
dialog: old a long time.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: We all know it’s been you running
dialog: the FBI, Felt. Your reputation is
dialog: stellar.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Let me finish.
dialog: You have no law enforcement
dialog: experience. You’re an outsider.
dialog: That’s your battle to fight--
dialog: (now)
dialog: But I’m going to help you.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I appreciate that--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Don’t. It’s not an act of
dialog: generosity. This is about this
dialog: building and what goes on in here
dialog: and what it means to the country.
dialog: That’s all I care about. As long as
dialog: you're for what I’m for, as long as
dialog: you keep the FBI first, you'll be
dialog: able to count on me.
dialog: (long beat; then)
dialog: Ready?
text: Gray, uncertain, drifts away. Miller and Bates cross to Felt.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Did you mean it?
dialog: *
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (turning with fealty
dialog: toward Gray--)
text: The Acting Director is ready now.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - FELT’S HOME - THAT NIGHT 34
text: Felt enters. Audrey takes his dinner plate out of the oven.
text: He stands looking at the food. She picks at his tie knot.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What did I miss?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You and Mr. Hoover. You forget why
dialog: he liked you so much. He always
dialog: said you and he had the same
dialog: enemies--
dialog: Those men are ugly. Ugly ugly men.
dialog: Assassins. [All the assassins. ]
dialog: You’re good. Mark Felt is too good.
dialog: Too good, that’s why.
dialog: (but acid, as)
text: She turns him slow, sensual, and we think maybe with love and
dialog: giving. Then--
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Thirty years. Thirteen transfers,
dialog: thirteen homes to leave, eleven
dialog: homes to make. I left behind every
dialog: friend I ever made. Two children.
dialog: Cocktails at night. And kept my
dialog: mouth shut. Like the perfect little
dialog: FBI wife. Until one day you wake up
dialog: and you're so different than you
dialog: used to be you can’t remember what
dialog: the point was in the first place.
dialog: And you're still never here. As
dialog: gone as she is. And then what's
dialog: left--?
text: Now he turns to look at her.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Until there’s just one thing left.
dialog: In my head. The one idea left in my
dialog: head is at least Mark’s going to
dialog: get that job. At least he’1l be
dialog: Director of the FBI.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: And that'll make up for everything.
dialog: (then)
dialog: They don’t deserve you.
dialog: They don’t deserve everything I
dialog: gave them. I gave them you. I gave
dialog: away our daughter.
dialog: (and ramping up here--)
dialog: And they don’t know, do they?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Audrey--
dialog: (not again, please--)
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: They think Mark Felt is so strong.
dialog: All the girls think you’re so cool.
dialog: They don’t know you.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What don’t they know?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: That I’m the fuel--
dialog: They don’t deserve us!
dialog: (--)
dialog: You need to resign.
dialog: (he doesn’t resist, but--)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: When the Bureau’s in better hands.
dialog: Then I’1l go.
dialog: (and after a long beat)
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: What did you miss. You missed
dialog: everything. How could you be so
dialog: goddamn naive?
dialog: (and walks out of the
dialog: kitchen leaving him
dialog: alone)
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: A35 OMITTED A35
text: 35 BLACK SCREEN. WE HEAR A PHONE RINGING. Two rings, three. 35
text: SNAP. Light comes on. Revealing Felt’s bedroom. Pre-dawn.
text: Alarm clock reads 5 a.m.
scene_heading: TITLE: SIX WEEKS LATER, JUNE 17, 1972
dialog: 36
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (picking up)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: BATES /PHONE
dialog: This is getting complicated. You
dialog: better come down.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 723, HOWARD JOHNSON’S - WASHINGTON - MORNING 36
dialog: 
text: CAMERA PANS over FBI TECHNICIANS dusting for prints. Evidence
text: of a surveillance nest. Listening equipment, binoculars,
text: notebooks with scribbled time sequences.
text: Felt alone at the window. Staring directly across the street,
text: into a hotel room, where WE SEE more FBI TECHS.
scene_heading: TITLE: DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL COMMITTEE OFFICES, WATERGATE HOTEL
speaker_heading: FELT
text: Straight into the Democrat offices
dialog: in the Watergate. Who’s our spy,
dialog: gentlemen?
text: BATES with ROBERT KUNKEL, SPECIAL AGENT IN CHARGE of the
dialog: Washington Field Office (‘captain’ of local FBI).
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Baldwin, Alfred C.. Checked in six
dialog: weeks ago. He says he was more than
dialog: just the look-out. He said he was
dialog: supposed to listen for girlie
dialog: stuff. Guess the Dems are having a
dialog: lot of trouble with their wives.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: He say where he got his
dialog: instructions?
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Mr. Felt--
dialog: (and as Felt turns)
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Baldwin was one of ours. He’s ex-
dialog: FBI. He had this on him.
text: Bates shakes a plastic bag with more devices: antennae,
text: circuit board, transistors.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: He work under Bill Sullivan?
dialog: (hesitation, so, direct)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: When he was in the Bureau, was he
dialog: in Mr. Sullivan's group?
dialog: (and as Bates nods, Yes)
dialog: What about CIA connections?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: No idea. Why?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Because 30 minutes ago four of
dialog: those burglars told a judge they
dialog: are ex-CIA.
text: Pause. That hangs there. All of it.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: What the hell is this?
dialog: (and we start to hear--)
speaker_heading: NIXON (OVER) (PRE-LAP)
dialog: There is absolutely no White House
dialog: involvement in the Watergate break-
dialog: in.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. 10TH AND PENNSYLVANIA - DAY 37
text: Kunkel and SPECIAL AGENT ANGELO LANO hustle from the
text: Judiciary Building to FBI HQ. Lano is 35, mop of hair,
text: stocky, unpolished. Bad tie coated in muffin crumbs.
speaker_heading: NIXON (OVER) (PRE-LAP)
dialog: (news conference)
dialog: Surveillance has no place whatever
dialog: in our electoral process or in our
dialog: governmental process.
scene_heading: 38 INT. FELT’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - SIMULTANEOUS - FELT & BATES 38
text: Felt and Bates watching Nixon’s news conference on a TV:
speaker_heading: NIXON/TV
dialog: As far as the matter now is
dialog: concerned, it is under
dialog: investigation by the FBI.
text: INTERCUT KUNKEL & LANO SLALOMING THROUGH THE FBI BUILDING.
dialog: Into Felt’s office--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Turn that down.
dialog: (Bates mutes the TV)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
text: Mr. Lano’s running street on this.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: (sweeps crumbs off Lano)
dialog: Okay now go.
text: With Nixon’s moon-face talking on mutely in b.g.:
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: (off a pile of notes)
text: Two-fifteen Sunday morning, Metro
dialog: finds our perps inside the
dialog: Democratic National Committee
dialog: office. We've I.D.’d the lead. He’s
dialog: a pro. Five years with the FBI,
dialog: nineteen with CIA.
dialog: Lano waits. Because that’s big fucking news. But Felt and
text: Bates are transfixed by what they’re hearing.
speaker_heading: LANO (CONT'D)
dialog: Then he left the CIA to run
dialog: security for the Attorney General.
dialog: Then he ran security for the White
dialog: House. For the Commmittee to Re-
dialog: Elect the President.
speaker_heading: BATES
text: The lead burglar ran security for
dialog: the Commmittee to Re-Elect the
dialog: President? Is that what you said?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: That’s what he said. Keep going.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: Well, it gets crazier. Now the
dialog: lookout in here? Three years FBI,
dialog: then the Attorney General recruited
dialog: him too. As his wife’s personal
dialog: bodyguard.
dialog: (again waits, but--)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Just keep going.
speaker_heading: LANO
text: The lookout makes a Howard Hunt as
dialog: the ringleader.
dialog: (here it comes)
dialog: Hunt is also ex-CIA.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: LANO (CONT'D)
dialog: But get this: last year we were
dialog: asked to do a background check on
dialog: him for a government job.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Did we clear him?
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: For a job in the White House.
dialog: (reads from notes)
dialog: As a “Consultant on highly
dialog: sensitive confidential matters.”
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: That’s a job title?
text: Felt looks right at Nixon on TV now. They wait for him, until-
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: White House, Justice and the CIA
dialog: are going to want to know
dialog: everything we know. But we aren’t
dialog: going to tell them. Anything.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: The Attorney General already
dialog: called.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Nobody talks to the Attorney
dialog: General.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: We answer to the Attorney General.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You answer to me.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: (a little quieter)
dialog: What about the Director?
dialog: 39
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’ll take care of the Director.
dialog: (and we slowly push in on
dialog: Nixon on the TV, until
text: his face pixilates and
dialog: the abstraction fills our
dialog: screen, then--)
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY 39
speaker_heading: CAROL/ INTERCOM
dialog: I have the Director on the phone.
dialog: (and we hear Gray immersed
dialog: in crowd/party hubbub)
speaker_heading: GRAY/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: You pulled me out of a speech.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I need to fill you in--
speaker_heading: GRAY/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: The Watergate thing. Sounds like
text: some third-rate burglary.
speaker_heading: FELT GRAY/PHONE (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: Who told you that? (off phone)
dialog: Be right there! Frank, how
dialog: are ya?
dialog: (and starts chatting
dialog: with someone back there)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I'm having all the Democrat offices
dialog: swept for bugs.
speaker_heading: GRAY / PHONE
dialog: Uh, what ... hold off on that. I
dialog: don’t want this getting political.
speaker_heading: FELT GRAY/PHONE (CONT'D)
dialog: It isn’t political. It’s a Sounds like something you can
dialog: crime-- wrap up quickly, really gotta
dialog: go--
text: (and the line goes dead,
dialog: and--)
text: Felt taps the pen on the page. Thinking. Then:
dialog: 40
dialog: Al
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (into intercom)
dialog: Mrs. Tschudy, can you find out if
dialog: Mr. Gray talked to anyone else here
dialog: at the Bureau today?
speaker_heading: CAROL/ INTERCOM
dialog: I already know. Mr. Gray didn’t
dialog: talk to anyone at the Bureau today.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: CAROL/ INTERCOM
dialog: They did put through a number of
text: calls from the White House, though.
dialog: From the Committee to Re-Elect the
dialog: President.
text: Felt gets up and crosses to Carol in the anteroom.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Who from?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: The Chairman, Mr. John Mitchell.
dialog: I mean Mr. Mitchell's staff. I mean
dialog: it couldn’t be Mr. Mitchell
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Mr. Mitchell is in California. He
text: and Mr. Gray are together.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - FBI HQ - DAY
text: Felt exiting the executive washroom.
text: Passes John Dean, nodding, “Mr. Felt”. Dean’s carrying a
dialog: brief case.
text: Dean goes left into Gray’s office. Felt right into--
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: When did the Director get back from
dialog: California?
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Hold please.
dialog: (to Felt)
dialog: Fifteen minutes ago.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: John Dean, the President’s Counsel,
dialog: just went into his office. Let me
dialog: know when he comes out.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Yes, Mr. Felt.
dialog: (and--)
dialog: Mrs. Felt called.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: How many times.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Four.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I have Bob on the line.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Bob?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Just Bob.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Send it in. And call for Mr. Bates.
text: Felt closes the door behind him. Picks up.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: We talked about calls at the
dialog: office. You know I don’t like it.
speaker_heading: CALLER/ PHONE
dialog: This thing at the Watergate--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’m very busy--
dialog: (about to hang up when--)
speaker_heading: CALLER/ PHONE
dialog: But we’ve done this before.
speaker_heading: A4l
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: This is different.
speaker_heading: CALLER/ PHONE
dialog: What's different about it?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’m not going to tell you that.
dialog: (and now we INTERCUT--)
scene_heading: INT. DARK ROOM - SIMULTANEOUS A4l
text: Where we find a YOUNG MAN, 27, on the phone. At a desk. In a
text: cone of light. Taking notes.
speaker_heading: CALLER
dialog: (then, quickly)
dialog: Howard Hunt.
dialog: (he’s got Felt’s
dialog: attention)
text: Hunt works at the White House.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: CALLER
dialog: Good?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: But where did you get it?
speaker_heading: CALLER
text: The name’s in the address book of
text: one of the burglars. Next to the
dialog: initials “W.H.”
dialog: (--)
dialog: White House?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: And where did you get that?
speaker_heading: CALLER
dialog: What is this? What do I have?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: The Hunt thing is true. He is a
dialog: suspect.
dialog: (long tense silence, then)
dialog: Now you give me mine, Mr. Woodward.
dialog: That’s how this works. Who gave it
dialog: to you?
text: This is BOB WOODWARD.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: I saw it myself.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Then it was the police. They showed
dialog: it to you.
dialog: (--)
dialog: You're going to have to do the rest
dialog: by yourself.
dialog: (hangs up, and cut to--)
scene_heading: 42 JOHN DEAN LEAVING GRAY’S OFFICE EMPTY-HANDED. Then back to- 42
scene_heading: 43 FELT AT HIS DESK 43
speaker_heading: CAROL/ INTERCOM
text: Mr. Dean has left.
text: Felt crosses to his door, to Mrs. Tschudy. Bates is waiting.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: How long was that?
speaker_heading: CAROL
text: Thirty-one minutes, thirty seconds.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Was he carrying anything when he
dialog: left?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Find out.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And take down this memo. Metro
dialog: Police is to be shut down on
dialog: Watergate. No further
dialog: communication.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Would you like to add a reason?
speaker_heading: FELT
text: Stuff is getting out to the press.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Are they?
dialog: (but just--)
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Come with me--
dialog: (and cross the hall to--)
scene_heading: INT. GRAY'S OFFICE - FBI - DAY 44
text: Felt and Bates find Gray at his desk in golf attire. Flanked
text: by two of his YOUNG-GUN LAWYERS.
text: Gray holds up a finger to wait. He’s ploughing through a
text: stack of memos. Until he leans back, overwhelmed:
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: This is a remarkable amount of
dialog: information.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: We're still gathering string. It’s
dialog: just the beginning--
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Okay, first of all, no more
dialog: interviews with White House or CIA
dialog: people without permission.
speaker_heading: BATES FELT
dialog: (explodes) Whose permission?!
dialog: WHAT? !
text: Gray looks up, stunned by their reaction.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Give us a minute, gentlemen.
text: Bates - fuming - leaves. Gray’s lawyers don’t.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Get out!
dialog: (Gray too weak to protest,
dialog: and when they do)
dialog: The FBI is a independent body.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I’m aware of that.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Are you also aware that means we
dialog: don’t need permission to do
dialog: anything? From anybody?
dialog: (Gray looks at him)
dialog: You give that up, just one time,
dialog: you don’t get it back. Ever.
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Let’s not get dramatic. We don’t
dialog: even know what this is.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: That’s right, we don’t. But we’re
dialog: going to find out. That’s what we
dialog: do.
text: Pause. Gray just sits there. In his golf clothes.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t work for them. You’re the
dialog: Director of the FBI now.
dialog: (waits for that to land,
dialog: then turns to go)
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Forty-eight hours--
dialog: (Felt stops)
dialog: We put the investigation to bed and
dialog: get on with the rest of our lives
dialog: in two days.
text: (and Felt hesitates, then
dialog: goes, and--)
text: FELT CROSSES THE HALL BACK TO HIS OFFICE. 45
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Was Mr. Dean carrying anything when
dialog: he left the building?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: No, Mr. Felt.
text: Felt continues inside. Bates is waiting.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: What the hell is going on?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Close the door as you leave, Mr.
dialog: Bates.
text: And as Bates exits, Felt reaches for a phone. Then--
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON, D.C. - SUNDOWN - FELT’S BUICK - AERIAL SHOT 46
text: The car leaves the monolithic FBI HQ, passes the illuminated
text: Capitol, the Lincoln Memorial ... joining the river of tail
text: lights crossing the Potomac into Virginia.
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - RURAL VIRGINIA - NIGHT al
text: Felt’s Buick pulls in.
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S BUICK - NIGHT 48
text: Felt just sits there, engine running. Staring inside the
text: diner. At a man, 50, sitting alone in a booth.
text: Felt holding to the wheel. Doesn't want to let go. Then--
scene_heading: INT. DINER - NIGHT 4g
text: Felt slides in across from the man. Time Magazine reporter
text: SANDY SMITH. Half-way through a turkey plate.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You look like hell. Have some food.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (to the waitress)
dialog: Just coffee.
dialog: So what does this look like to you?
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D) SMITH
dialog: Or your editors--? This Watergate thing?
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: Honestly? No one at Time Magazine,
dialog: or any newspaper I know of, can
dialog: figure it out. Ex-spooks get
dialog: caught, but doing what? Planting
dialog: bugs? The place was already bugged.
dialog: The White House may be a bunch of
dialog: certifiable paranoids, but that
dialog: stupid? That would be a stupid
dialog: world record.
dialog: (another forkful)
dialog: How ‘bout you?
text: Felt doesn’t reply. That interests Smith.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: Does have a particular odor to it,
dialog: though.
dialog: (fishing--)
dialog: I bet your old pal Bill Sullivan
dialog: sure misses the FBI.
dialog: (Felt doesn’t take the
dialog: bait; Smith casts
dialog: further)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: I hear the White House gave him
dialog: some bullshit job until Hoover
text: kicked the bucket. Gray for a
dialog: little while, keep the seat warm--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Sullivan wants back in. The
dialog: President wants him back in. To run
dialog: the FBI their way.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Nixon and Sullivan -- those two
dialog: were made for each other.
text: Felt gives Smith a long look. Smith knows the look. He takes
text: out a notebook. Felt shakes, No. Sips at his coffee. Waitress
text: wanders by. Smith waves her to keep going.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: What’re we doing out here, Mark?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I was given forty-eight hours.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: To do what?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Wrap up the Watergate
dialog: investigation.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: By who?
dialog: (no reply; takes a shot)
dialog: Gray?
dialog: (Felt’s not saying no)
dialog: Pat Gray, the FBI Director, ordered
dialog: the FBI to stop its own
dialog: investigation??
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: There are calls we aren’t allowed
dialog: to make, and phone and bank records
dialog: we can’t go near.
text: And now Felt digs at the pie.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (serious as a heart
dialog: attack)
dialog: In all the years I’ve known you you
dialog: never gave up a single real secret.
dialog: Nothing but the company line.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: A50
dialog: 50
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: These are uncharted waters for you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: So one more time: what’re we doing?
dialog: You looking for a little help? A
dialog: little payback?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I want the FBI left alone to do its
dialog: job. That’s all I want.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And you want me to light a fire
text: around the edges. With a story.
dialog: (as Felt says nothing--)
dialog: Now I see why they didn’t give you
dialog: the job. They must be terrified of
dialog: you. You’re their worst nightmare.
scene_heading: INT. FELT HOME A50
text: Felt at a window. Stops to look over the fence into the next
text: yard. At his neighbors, a COUPLE. The WIFE comes out and
text: hands the HUSBAND a drink. “Kids asleep?” The mundane
text: normalcy of their everyday life. A He HOLDS there,
dialog: transfixed, then--
scene_heading: INT. JOAN’S ROOM - FELT HOME - NIGHT 50
dialog: 
text: Felt enters. Clicks on the light.
text: A girl’s room frozen mid-breath, everything like it was --
text: pile of marijuana ash -- picture of the updated Joan, the
text: hippie version: thin, grim -- stacks of militant lefty books
dialog: and pamphlets.
text: A creak 0.S. in the hallway.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: What about playing some golf on
dialog: Saturday?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: We don’t play golf.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: We'll get lessons. It’1ll be
dialog: something new.
dialog: (--)
dialog: I miss you. I know I’m not supposed
dialog: to say that.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: It’s okay to say that.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: It’s too touchy-feely. I need you
dialog: too much.
dialog: (Felt says nothing)
dialog: Did you eat?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What? Yes, I ate--
dialog: (and after a pause)
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You two always ate as fast as you
dialog: could. You two were always racing,
dialog: always playing. Can’t we ever sit
dialog: around and have a civilized
dialog: conversation?
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Where were you? The switchboard
dialog: said they didn’t know where you
dialog: were.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Because I didn’t tell them.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: What about Mrs. Tschudy? She said
dialog: she didn’t know either. But you
dialog: taught her to always say that,
dialog: didn’t you--?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (calm)
dialog: Are you making the calls?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I called all her friends. They
dialog: haven't spoken to her in a year.
dialog: She disappeared on everybody. It
dialog: wasn’t just you.
dialog: (he says nothing)
dialog: Are you looking for her? Is the
dialog: most powerful law enforcement
dialog: organization in the world looking
dialog: for her--?
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I can’t do that.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Why, is it against the rules?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: We don’t know what they’d find, do
dialog: we?
text: After a moment, she walks away, saying--
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Pack everything up. I can’t take
dialog: the mess anymore.
dialog: (and now cut to--)
scene_heading: INT. FBI WASHINGTON FIELD OFFICE - DAY 51
text: Lano reading the Washington Post, feet up on a desk. We’re in
text: the sprawling WASHINGTON FIELD OFFICE, the local FBI precinct
text: across the street from HQ.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: (re: something in the
dialog: paper)
dialog: Now where the hell did they get
dialog: that?
dialog: (just as--)
scene_heading: EXT. 10TH AND PENNSYLVANIA - SIMULTANEOUS 52
text: FELT & BATES crossing Pennsylvania Ave. at a clip. Felt with
text: the Post in his hand. Gets a step on Bates, SLAMS into--
scene_heading: INT. FBI WASHINGTON FIELD OFFICE - SAME 53
text: 26 AGENTS ERUPT INTO ACTIVITY at the sight of Felt. Hurrying
text: to desks, slipping on jackets, shoving piles of mess into
dialog: drawers. As--
text: Felt and Bates zig-zaging through desks. Kunkel and Lano
text: converging from different coordinates.
speaker_heading: LANO KUNKEL
dialog: (arriving) (spots the Post in
dialog: What’s going on? Felt’s hand)
dialog: Let’s take this into my
dialog: office.
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: 54 INT. KUNKEL’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Felt, Bates, Kunkel and Lano crowd in.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: (waves the Post)
dialog: This story says we know who the
dialog: Watergate ringleader is.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: What’s your point?
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: How the Post knows we know. Then,
dialog: this morning our Time Magazine pal
dialog: Sandy Smith called the Director and
dialog: said he’s prepping a story that the
text: FBI is plotting a whitewash. He
dialog: said the Director put a 48-hour cap
dialog: on the investigation.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Is that true?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Someone in this office is talking
dialog: to the press. The point, Mr. Lano,
dialog: is leaks kill investigations.
speaker_heading: LANO KUNKEL
dialog: Whoa, first of all-- (eyeing the other Agents
dialog: pretending to not listen
dialog: in)
dialog: Keep it down, Angie.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: If you want to conduct a leak
dialog: investigation, be my guest, but two
dialog: hundred field agents from here to
dialog: L.A. are chasing leads, so you’1l
dialog: have to ask all them, too.
speaker_heading: BATES
text: Tone, in front of Mr. Felt.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: But I will guarantee it wasn't me
dialog: or any of the guys in this room.
text: Stop. Quiet. Felt levels a look at Lano. Cold, paralyzing.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Give me that memo, Mr. Bates.
text: (Bates hands him a “TOP
speaker_heading: SECRET” folder)
dialog: “Donald H. Segretti.” You pulled
dialog: that name from Howard Hunt’s phone
dialog: records?
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: He called Hunt a few dozen times,
dialog: yeah.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: This says Segretti used to be a
dialog: lawyer in the Treasury Department.
dialog: What about these payments?
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: We have a hundred leads we’re
dialog: tracking.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: This says he was paid out of the
dialog: account that funded the Watergate.
dialog: (waiting for this to
dialog: register)
dialog: An account belonging to the
dialog: Committee to Re-Elect the
dialog: President.
dialog: (still waiting)
dialog: Who's the head of the Committee?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: John Mitchell.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Former Attorney General John
dialog: Mitchell. Now, paid to do what?
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: Best we can make out Segretti was a
dialog: kind of prankster, spying on the
dialog: Dems, sending dirty pictures to
dialog: their wives. Bottom-feeder frat boy
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Indictable under election laws
dialog: maybe--
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Forget the plot of the story, Mr.
dialog: Kunkel. What’s the theme? What’s it
dialog: saying? What does it mean?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Like Angie - Mr. Lano - said we're
dialog: still vetting the leads--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: All the ugly politics, all the
dialog: dirty money, all this sleaze - it
dialog: means the goddamn punks are running
dialog: the country!
text: (coming undone, he catches
dialog: himself, then, calm--)
dialog: Keep going.
dialog: (and turns to go, but)
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: You might want to ask the White
dialog: House about those leaks.
dialog: (that turns Felt)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: ‘cuz whenever I get lucky enough to
dialog: get someone over there to actually
dialog: talk to me, they know what I’m
dialog: going to ask before I ask it. It's
dialog: like they already know what I wanna
dialog: know.
scene_heading: 55 INT. FELT’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY 55
speaker_heading: CAROL/ INTERCOM
dialog: I have the White House, Mr. Felt.
dialog: Mr. John Dean.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Put him through.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Mr. Dean.
speaker_heading: DEAN/ PHONE
dialog: I have Pat Gray here with me.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Okay.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: DEAN/ PHONE
dialog: The White House is concerned about
dialog: these leaks.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We think the source has to be
text: someone in the FBI.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Why FBI?
speaker_heading: DEAN/ PHONE
dialog: That’s where the information is.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: That story could have come from
text: someone in the White House.
text: Stop. We HEAR Dean and Gray conferring in the b.g.
speaker_heading: DEAN/ PHONE
dialog: We would like you to do something
dialog: about it, Mr. Felt.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DEAN/ PHONE
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Okay. But I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: DEAN/ PHONE
dialog: Which part?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: The part about you calling me.
dialog: Since the Acting Director is with
dialog: you I’m sure he’s explained that
dialog: the White House has no authority
text: over the FBI.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Or isn’t it?
speaker_heading: DEAN/ PHONE
dialog: We can--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: At all. Mr. Dean.
text: More murmurs on the other end. Then--
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: DEAN/ PHONE
dialog: But we can suggest.
dialog: (Felt says nothing)
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Felt.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Dean.
scene_heading: 56 INT. FELT’/S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY 56
text: Gray enters. Sits heavily at Felt’s desk. Felt takes him in.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You know, you might want to stop
text: going over to the White House. It
dialog: could give some people the wrong
dialog: idea. Like they’re telling you what
dialog: to do.
text: (Gray just looks at him,
dialog: nervous )
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: We got a call from across the
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Which river is that?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: The Potomac. The CIA. The CIA is
dialog: telling us we need to taper off.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (calm, almost ironic,
dialog: disbelief)
dialog: “Taper off'? The CIA?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: We're getting too close.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Too close to what?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I can’t tell you.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You can’t, or you won’t?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: It’s a matter of national security.
dialog: 57
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (every syllable)
dialog: Na-tion-al se-cur-i-ty?
text: Gray looks like he wants to shit, or puke. Then holds up a
dialog: finger, as in “wait”.
text: And spins a pad on Felt’s desk and draws five diamonds in a
text: circle. Two more above. Then connects the diamonds with
text: lines. While he’s drawing--
text: Felt’s not looking at the drawing. He’s looking at Gray.
text: Ignoring the spoken word and looking for the tells and ticks.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Can our Watergate investigation be
dialog: contained to just this?
text: Now Felt’s eyes fall on the diagram. HOLD. Then they move
text: from the folder to Gray’s eyes and HOLD. A long beat.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Let me guess. These five here,
dialog: they’re the burglars?
dialog: (Gray nods)
dialog: And those two at the top there, the
dialog: ringleaders, Hunt and Liddy?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (yes yes)
dialog: John Mitchell will take
dialog: responsibility for the whole
dialog: miserable adventure. He’s agreed.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: The former Attorney General has
dialog: agreed. To take the fall.
dialog: (Gray gestures, Yes)
dialog: Take the fall for who? For what?
text: Gray just sits there. Felt lets him. Then taps the folder.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: These are the pawns. We want the
dialog: ones who moved the pawns.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTIVE WASH ROOM - FBI HQ - DAY 57
text: Bates is washing his hands. Another Agent taking a leak.
text: Felt enters. Waits in the middle of the room for the other
text: Agent to take his cue and split. Felt flashes Bates a scrap
dialog: of paper.
dialog: 58
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I want you to disappear our
dialog: investigation on these two names.
dialog: Get them off the interview list.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: (reads it)
dialog: I don’t get it. They’re nobodies.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Just do it. Then make sure you say
dialog: you did it in Monday’s memo for the
dialog: Director.
text: Felt flushes the piece of paper and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. GRAY’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY 58
text: Bates puts a folder stamped “CONFIDENTIAL” in front of Gray.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Thanks, Charlie.
text: Bates starts to leave. Gray opens the folder. Inside: a
text: single piece of paper.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: How much of what we’re getting on
dialog: Watergate am I actually seeing?
dialog: (Bates turns at the door)
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Mr. Felt gives me the headlines,
dialog: and I type it up, give Mr. Felt the
dialog: original, and bring a copy to you.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Mr. Felt doesn’t want to waste your
dialog: time with details.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Okay. Mr. Gray.
dialog: (and as he leaves, we cut
dialog: to--)
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: A60
dialog: 60
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXT. PENNSYLVANIA AVE - DAY 59
text: Kunkel exits the Judiciary building on foot, heads for the
dialog: bus stop.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Mr. Kunkel!
text: Kunkel turns to find one of Gray’s accountant-like flacks.
speaker_heading: GRAY’S FLACK
dialog: Director Gray wanted you to know
dialog: that he understands you and your
dialog: boys are doing a helluva job.
dialog: (Kunkel a little confused,
dialog: but--)
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Tell Mr. Gray thank you. And not to
dialog: worry, we'll gather the whole ball
dialog: of yarn.
speaker_heading: GRAY’S FLACK
dialog: Mr. Gray also wanted you to know
dialog: that there is going to be a small
dialog: change in procedure. In the
dialog: information flow--
dialog: (--)
dialog: How, and, more precisely, where it
dialog: flows. Not just the headlines, but
dialog: the story itself. The details, as
dialog: it were--
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Does Mr. Felt know?
speaker_heading: GRAY’S FLACK
dialog: Of course--
dialog: (and cut hard to--)
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - FELT HOME - NIGHT A60
text: Audrey, depleted, opens her closet. Revealing a row of wig
text: stands. Heads of hair. Red. Blonde. Falls. Bangs. One head
text: empty. She peels back the piece on her head, revealing her
text: own hair. Places the wig on the stand, and then we--
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - FELT HOME - NIGHT 60
text: Audrey's eyes pop awake in bed. She reaches for Felt. He's
text: not there. She gets out of bed.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 47.
text: TRACK HER as she sleepily moves from bathroom to hallway in
text: her robe, until she’s outside Felt’s office. Until she’s
text: outside Felt’s den. We HEAR the murmur of Felt’s voice:
speaker_heading: FELT’S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: You're going to have to find that
dialog: out, aren’t you?
dialog: (and hangs up, and--)
text: Audrey opens the door, and goes into--
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S BASEMENT OFFICE 61
text: Felt’s seated at his raised desk, in his robe, smoking.
text: Audrey takes a cigarette from his pack. He lights it for her.
text: They regard each other warily.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I never questioned anything, Mark.
dialog: I never asked. In thirty years.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What did you want to know?
dialog: (and now)
dialog: What do you want to know?
text: She knows he’d never tell. He knows she’d never ask.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Who can you talk to? Who do you
dialog: talk to?
text: Beat. He looks at her. Then, just--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I want you to put this desk back
dialog: the way it was.
dialog: (and gets up, and--)
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - FELT HOME - MORNING 62
dialog: 
text: Felt, in his swim suit, faces a patch of forest behind the
text: house. PAINTING on an easel. Felt’s picture isn’t genius, but
dialog: it’s better than we might think. Impressionistic, passionate.
text: O.S. a phone inside starts to RING. Now cut to--
text: FELT CROSSING HIS FRONT YARD to the curb, robe over his suit,63
text: paint brush in hand.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 48.
text: Felt climbs into a GOVERNMENT-ISSUE SEDAN. Bates and Miller
text: up front.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Angie Lano called me last night. He
dialog: told me he’d called the White House
dialog: to schedule a round of interviews.
text: Felt starts tapping on the back of Miller's seat with the
text: brush. Slow, metronome beats.
speaker_heading: BATES (CONT'D)
dialog: A half hour later the White House
dialog: called back and said we can’t talk
dialog: to two of the guys because they
dialog: were taken off the list.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It was the two names you gave me.
text: STOP. Felt holds the brush still.
speaker_heading: BATES (CONT'D)
dialog: How’d the White House know?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I guess somebody told them.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: The only people who knew were me
dialog: and you.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: And Mr. Gray.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: And Mr. Gray.
dialog: (and now cut to--)
scene_heading: FOOTAGE OF ROSE GARDEN NEWS CONFERENCE 64
speaker_heading: NIXON/FOOTAGE
dialog: We are doing everything we can to
dialog: investigate this Watergate incident-—
dialog: (continuing over--)
scene_heading: EXT. FBI HQ/PENNSYLVANIA AVE - WASHINGTON - DAY 65
text: Gray exits, joining the flow of federal employees on lunch
dialog: break, as we're hearing-
dialog: 66
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: NIXON/NEWS CONFERENCE (OVER)
dialog: I'm having White House legal
dialog: counsel John Dean look into it, and
dialog: his investigation has so far
dialog: indicated that no one in the White
dialog: House staff, no one in this
dialog: administration, presently employed,
dialog: was involved in this very bizarre
dialog: incident--
dialog: (cut to--)
text: A REFLECTION IN A WINDOW. The reflection is Felt's. He's in 66
text: his office, watching Gray disappear below into the crowd.
speaker_heading: NIXON/NEWS CONFERENCE (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: --What really hurts in dealing with
dialog: wrongdoing is if you try to cover
dialog: it up.
text: PAN around to find Miller, Bates and Kunkel standing in the
text: middle of the room. After a long and uncomfortable silence--
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Sit down, Mr. Kunkel.
text: Kunkel sits, confused. The others remain standing.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Mr. Bates tells me you’ve been
dialog: giving Mr. Gray everything we're
dialog: collecting on Watergate. All our
dialog: interviews, our raw files.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Did I do something wrong?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Did Mr. Gray tell you to bypass me?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: He didn’t say it was a secret or
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: No, you just decided it was.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: But he said you knew.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: How often? Did you give him our
dialog: files?
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Every day.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Did he say why?
dialog: Kunkel shakes, No.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Did you ask?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: He’s the Director.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Acting Director.
text: Felt and Miller exchange a look.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: How much have you given him?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: It’s been a coupla weeks.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Christ.
text: A long silence. Kunkel knows he’s screwed up.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Did you give the Attorney General
dialog: any information about our
dialog: investigation?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: I don’t talk to the Attorney
dialog: General.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Did you, Mr. Bates?
dialog: (Bates shakes, No)
dialog: Mr. Miller?
dialog: (Miller shakes, No--)
dialog: The Attorney General called me this
dialog: morning. About something he could
dialog: only have heard from the FBI.
dialog: (and now)
text: He’s putting a box around
dialog: Watergate. We can’t touch anything
dialog: before the break-in. We have to
dialog: stay away from all the White House
dialog: corruption.
dialog: (in other words--)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 67
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: The crimes that matter don’t
dialog: matter.
dialog: (and--)
dialog: For the first time in its history,
text: the FBI has been quarantined.
dialog: Crimes it knows about will go
dialog: uninvestigated
dialog: (after a long pause)
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Kunkel.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL BATES
dialog: Mr. Felt-- Get out, Bob.
text: And Kunkel leaves. When they’re all alone. Felt sits.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: With everything we have right now -
dialog: if we could get indictments, in
dialog: your opinion who’d we get? How
dialog: high?
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Maybe Attorney General.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What about the President?
text: Stop. They look at him.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: If the President’s lying?
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Is the President lying?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: They're all lying.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Then yes. Maybe the President.
dialog: (on the gravity of the
dialog: moment, now cut to--)
dialog: A TV 67
text: ABC NEWS AND JIM MCKAY in a Munich beer garden. The start of
dialog: the Olympics less than a week away. While--
text: OVER, in PRE-LAP, a distant phone starts to RING--
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON, DC - NIGHT - AERIAL 68
dialog: 
text: UNDER THE RINGING PHONE, we begin an aerial tour of Federal
text: power and legacy. A series of serene night-time postcard
text: shots of the luminous Washington Monument. The Capitol. Then--
scene_heading: INT. DEN - FELT’S HOME - NIGHT 69
text: Felt bathed in blue TV light. Special news bulletin: masked
text: PLO GUERILLAS holding hostage ISRAELI ATHLETES on live TV.
scene_heading: TITLE: SEPTEMBER 5, 1972
text: As the phone STILL RINGING, crescendoing slightly, we cut to--
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON, DC - NIGHT - AERIAL 70
dialog: Lincoln memorial ... Jefferson Memorial ... now--
scene_heading: INT. BARN - FELT FAMILY FARM - IOWA - DAY 71
dialog: 
scene_heading: UNDER THE SAME RINGING PHONE:
text: YOUNG MARK FELT, age 9, being bestowed dominion over a young
text: horse by his FARMER FATHER. Family rite of passage. Young
dialog: Mark’s loving pride over this animal. And now we back inside--
scene_heading: INT. DEN - FELT HOME - NIGHT 72
text: Felt now, on the phone, eying TV coverage of the carnage of
text: Munich. Burning helicopters. Burnt bodies.
text: And as the RINGING CONTINUES OVER--
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON, DC - NIGHT - AERIAL 73
dialog: 
text: We're over the Pentagon, slowing over its majesty. Then back
dialog: to--
text: YOUNG MARK WORRYING OVER THE HORSE, which is clearly very 74
text: ill. Felt’s father silently accusing his son. Young Mark
text: grief-stricken, falls to his knees and prays. Back to--
scene_heading: THE PENTAGON - NOW HOVERING OVERHEAD - 75
dialog: 
dialog: Just holding there. Then back to--
scene_heading: YOUNG MARK AND FATHER 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 53.
text: standing over the horse, now collapsed and struggling for
text: breath. Mark’s face sets with an expression we now know
dialog: well: caged emotion.
text: As Mark puts a pistol to the horse’s temple. Then--
scene_heading: YOUNG MARK ON KNEES 77
text: scrubbing blood off the barn floor and walls. Weeping
dialog: silently with rage and--
speaker_heading: CUT TO BLACK
text: BLACK SCREEN. AND STOP.
dialog: Nothing. No sound. Then:
text: CRACK! THE GUNSHOT.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: FELT’S EYES RIPPING OPEN. 78
text: He’s lying in bed in the bedroom in the dark. Woken from the
text: memory. He looks to Audrey. She’s not there.
text: The phone is RINGING. (The phone we've been hearing.)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (picks up)
dialog: What is it?
dialog: (and smash to--)
scene_heading: THAT PENTAGON MAJESTY ... Then: 79
speaker_heading: KA-BOOM! !
text: A giant fireball RIPS through the Pentagon’s second floor.
text: Burning glass and debris billow into the sky. Now back to--
scene_heading: INT. DEN - FELT HOME - NIGHT 80
text: Felt on the phone in his robe. At the window, looking out
text: into the back yard.
speaker_heading: GRAY / PHONE
dialog: (freaked)
dialog: What about the White House?
speaker_heading: FELT
text: It’s at the top of the
dialog: Underground’s hit list. I told you
dialog: that three months ago.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: GRAY / PHONE
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: But can they really hit it?
speaker_heading: FELT
text: They just hit the Pentagon.
text: What Felt is seeing outside: poolside, the cherry of a single
text: cigarette surges in the night. The shape of Audrey on a
text: chaise. On the wall behind him, a portrait of Joan.
speaker_heading: GRAY / PHONE
dialog: I want us to open files on every
dialog: member of every counter-culture
dialog: organization in the country.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (watching his wife)
dialog: They’re mostly kids. We’re looking
dialog: for killers, not moody teenagers.
speaker_heading: GRAY / PHONE
dialog: The President is fighting for the
dialog: White House--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: That’s not my job. We need better
dialog: intelligence, not paperwork--
speaker_heading: GRAY / PHONE
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: The President needs order! I
dialog: promised the President he’d have
dialog: order!
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’ll go to the Attorney General.
speaker_heading: GRAY / PHONE
dialog: I already spoke to the Attorney
dialog: General.
text: And there it is. Beat of tense silence.
speaker_heading: GRAY/PHONE (CONT'D)
dialog: I hear you and your wife are
dialog: registered Democrats, Mark.
dialog: (suddenly oddly personal)
dialog: I hope you’re not going to let
dialog: that get in the way.
dialog: (and Gray hangs up, and--)
text: Felt lowers into the chair. HOLD on him, then we find--
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 55.
text: FELT ASLEEP. Now SNAPPING AWAKE. Heard something. Something 81
text: sharp. Gunshot.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Audrey? Audrey?!
text: He’s up. Running for the basement. The door open. Felt
text: bounding down the stairs. STOPPING--
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no -- Oh no -- OH NO!
dialog: We see what he sees:
text: AUDREY IN A POOL OF HER OWN BLOOD. Felt’s service revolver
text: beside her. She’s blown her brains out.
text: He’s on his knees. Cradling her body, her head - the mess -
text: in his hands. First the horse. Now her. And now--
text: SCRUBBING the basement floor. Scrubbing the mess away. As he 82
text: scrubbed the horse’s blood. Sobbing. Furiously. Erasing the
dialog: mess. NOW--
text: WE HEAR FOOTSTEPS come down the stairs. Felt doesn’t.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (0.S.)
dialog: Mark?
dialog: (and now smash to--)
speaker_heading: OMIT. 83
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT OFFICE - FELT’S HOME - LATER 84
dialog: 
text: Audrey slow-steps half-way down the steps to the basement.
dialog: She stops. Then we HEAR why:
text: THIS IS THE SOUND OF FELT SOBBING.
dialog: It could be that Audrey’s never heard him cry before. Come
text: around on Felt, awash in tears. About this and every other
dialog: thing.
text: Audrey heads back up. Without going to him. Hoping he doesn’t
dialog: notice.
text: He hears, turns to look for her just as she withdraws into
text: the upper reaches of the house. Behind him now, no body. Just
text: Felt on his knees in the middle of the floor. Alone. And we
dialog: go from that human loss to the mechanical clatter of--
speaker_heading: A85
dialog: 55A.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON PARK - MORNING A85 *
text: PAN ACROSS A DOZEN YOUNG PROTESTERS waking from a night of
text: sit-in protest, amid their trash and radical signage.
text: CAMERA FINDS FELT in his black suit stepping carefully among
text: the kids. Contemplating their faces.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Hey?
dialog: +
dialog: (recognition)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: *
text: A PRETTY YOUNG WOMAN stirs. A BABY BOY in her arms.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: What the fuck, creep!
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’m sorry. You look like my-- like
dialog: someone I know.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: You look like an undertaker.
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I know what you mean.
dialog: (maybe laughs a little at
dialog: himself)
dialog: What’s your name?
speaker_heading: + OF
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: You a cop?
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I'm just someone looking for
dialog: someone else.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN *
dialog: April.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: April. Pretty. How about your son?
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN *
dialog: River.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: River? Okay. River. Your parents
dialog: know you’re out here?
dialog: 55B.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Whoa, way early for the
dialog: interrogation. But man, right now I
dialog: just really wanna pee.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Maybe you can use a little help?
dialog: You and your boy there?
dialog: (and reaches for his
dialog: wallet)
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: I don’t want your money.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Your parents would want someone to
dialog: do this. They’d want someone to
dialog: take care of you.
text: And he’s pulling out a few tens. She won’t take them. He puts
text: them in the baby’s little hands. They fall like leaves and he
text: picks them up and tries again then just leaves the girl and
dialog: the money, and--
dialog: +
speaker_heading: + OF
dialog: +
dialog: +
dialog: 85
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. INTELLIGENCE UNIT - FBI HQ - DAY 85
text: A GIANT COMPUTER SPITTING OUT an endless stream of names.
text: Paper drifts across the floor. Felt watching with the YOUNG
dialog: AGENT whose sorry job it is to keep an eye on all this.
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT
dialog: (no idea who Felt is)
dialog: The Radical Youth List.
text: Felt now grabs a handful of photos from a two-foot high
dialog: stack. Mug shots. Surveillance photos. Year book photos. All
text: young. Some children.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What did these people do?
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT
dialog: Shoplifted. Cut school. Wrote an
text: angry letter to the White House.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Protestors?
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT
dialog: Them too. Doesn’t take much these
dialog: days.
dialog: (now Felt picks up some of
text: the print out and starts
dialog: to read)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Where’s this data coming from?
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT
dialog: CIA, FBI, NSA, local police,
dialog: staties, Time, Newsweek, speeches,
dialog: anonymous tips, high school
text: yearbooks. Everywhere, nowhere.
dialog: It's like the machine's out of
dialog: control. No matter how much data we
text: pour into it it's still hungry.
dialog: The photos. The names.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: This could be every kid in America.
text: (and grabbing an armful of
dialog: print-out and exiting)
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT
dialog: Looking for someone in particular?
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY
text: Felt enters with the print-out.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: White House twice Attorney General
dialog: three times and Mr. Gray’s waiting--
text: Felt DROPS the pile of paper on her desk.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Shred all this.
dialog: (then cut to--)
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - FBI HQ - DAY
text: Felt and Gray striding together down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - FBI HQ - SIMULTANEOUS
dialog: 
text: Bates and Miller and three others waiting around a long
text: table. Felt and Gray enter. War Room.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (nods to Miller)
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: The Palestinian unit that
dialog: slaughtered the Israelis is going
dialog: to try to hit us here. Airports in
dialog: New York, Baltimore, Los Angeles.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: This connected to the Pentagon?
speaker_heading: MILLER
text: The Palestinians are talking to the
dialog: Weather Underground. Sharing
dialog: information. We knew that; we just
dialog: didn’t know what it meant.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Now we do. They’re combining.
text: They're multiplying.
text: All eyes on Felt. Except Felt’s. He’s staring at Gray.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Gray?
dialog: 57.
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (out of his depth)
dialog: We sure about this?
dialog: (Miller nods)
dialog: Dammit. Then hunt them. Hunt them
text: to exhaustion. No holds barred.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You can tell the President the FBI
dialog: will give him his order.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I'll leave you all to it then.
dialog: (and he leaves, and--)
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: We'll never get warrants. Not now.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Warrants? We’re not talking the
dialog: kids sleeping out there in the
dialog: parks.
dialog: (pointing out there)
dialog: We're talking about people who
dialog: would burn your children alive in
dialog: their beds. If people die because
dialog: we stick to the letter of the law,
dialog: we lose everything. Including the
dialog: law.
dialog: (and so now--)
dialog: We're taking off the gloves.
dialog: Entries, taps. Nothing on paper. No
dialog: warrants.
dialog: (Miller and Bates put down
dialog: their pens)
dialog: Mr. Miller’s people report to Mr.
dialog: Miller, Mr. Miller reports to me--
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Just like the bad ole’ days.
dialog: Where’s Bill Sullivan when you
dialog: really need him?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (explodes )
text: He’s over at the White House
dialog: protecting the nation by spying on
dialog: Senators and their mistresses!
dialog: Here, let me give you his goddamn
dialog: number, and you can go work with
dialog: him! Instead of here, where we’re
dialog: just trying to keep all this
dialog: goddamn mess together!
dialog: 59.
text: STOP. Long tense silence. Felt never raises his voice. Now--
dialog: All leave.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (voice of reason)
dialog: Hey, look, we’re on your side. All
dialog: I’m saying is, that was all behind
dialog: us. Even Hoover knew the dirty
dialog: stuff was over. That’s why Bill’s
dialog: gone.
dialog: (--)
dialog: All I’m saying is, everyone's
dialog: watching.
dialog: (and Felt turns on him
dialog: now)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: How many more kids do we have to
dialog: lose? How many more do we just let
dialog: vanish into eternity?
dialog: (and they all know what
dialog: he’s really talking
dialog: about, what he really
dialog: means; then; steel)
dialog: [I am not Bill Sullivan.] This is
dialog: still the goddamn FBI.
dialog: 
text: Except Felt. And Miller. When they are alone--
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I don’t want to intrude--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Then don’t.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Hear anything? From Joan?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (softer than we expect)
dialog: Nothing in six months. She could be
dialog: anywhere.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: You think she’s involved? In all
dialog: this? The Underground?
text: Felt looks at him. Hit. Internally buckling--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: How could she. She’s just like me.
dialog: Exactly like me.
dialog: (and Miller nodding, yes,
dialog: that’s it)
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: She worships you. You are her moon
dialog: and stars.
dialog: (--)
dialog: She's okay. I can feel it, Mark.
dialog: And that stops him. “Mark”?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: There’s a price to pay for what we
dialog: do, Mr. Miller. There’s a price to
dialog: pay for what we become. We all pay
dialog: it, one way or another.
dialog: (and turns, and leaves
dialog: Miller standing there,
dialog: and cut to--)
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY 89
text: Felt shuts the door, sits. Takes a breath. We PAN AROUND and
text: see he’s contemplating that photo of Joan.
speaker_heading: CAROL/INTERCOM (OVER)
text: Mrs. Felt on the phone.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Take a message.
dialog: (and--)
text: Takes a stack of 50 blank envelopes out of his briefcase.
text: Taps them to align edges. Pulls out his wallet, and out of
text: that a folded piece of paper.
text: PUSH IN CLOSE and we SEE a list of addresses written in
text: Felt’s impeccable calligraphy-like script.
text: With painstaking precision, Felt starts addressing envelopes.
text: Each to a different address, but every one in California.
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S HOME - LATER THAT NIGHT 90
dialog: 
text: Indian summer. The air thick. Felt enters in his suit, hat.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Audrey?
text: Nothing. Goes deeper into the house. We pick up the SOUND of
text: ice tumbling in a glass. Felt is stopped in the den, by the
text: sight of her outside, in the dark, pool lights off. Knows
text: what that means. Braces himself, and And he heads out to--
dialog: 91
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - FELT’S HOME 91
text: Audrey's smoking and drinking on a chaise poolside,
text: contemplating the night. Felt approaches. She hands the
text: cigarette up. Felt takes a drag, hands it back. He sips at
text: her drink. Bottle of gin by her foot.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Maybe she’s dead. Maybe she just
dialog: gave up, didn’t think anyone cared.
dialog: Or christ--
dialog: (and waves at the woods)
dialog: Maybe she never left. Maybe she’s
dialog: right out there, watching us. To
dialog: see what a man like you does when
dialog: your daughter just vanishes one
dialog: night for no good reason.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Joan had a reason for everything.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh, [here we go again] it was my
dialog: fault?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You hated her.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Mothers don’t hate their daughters!
dialog: It’s just not always easy being
dialog: one!
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: She was beautiful and smart. You
text: dressed her up like a doll. Until
dialog: she got old enough to look just
dialog: like you. You were jealous. And you
dialog: hated her for it--
speaker_heading: AUDREY FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Mark. Don’t-- You kept telling her to get
dialog: out. Until one day she
dialog: listened to you.
speaker_heading: AUDREY FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm begging you listen to me. But she did--
dialog: I had no mother-
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: No. Listen to me!
dialog: (and she takes his hands)
dialog: My mother was 47 when she had me.
dialog: And my father just left.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: There weren’t many ways for a woman
dialog: to support herself, to survive--
dialog: (and Felt slows; this is
dialog: new; hearing this for the
dialog: first time--)
dialog: --So yes, she did, she gave me up.
dialog: To foster homes. She didn’t want to
dialog: lose her daughter completely. But
dialog: then the orphanage. And then she
dialog: just stopped coming back--
dialog: (and stops herself; this
dialog: biblical realization)
text: Felt lowering to a chair, lights a cigarette. Listening.
text: Always collecting clues to his wife. As she goes on--
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: And when I was eleven, I was placed
dialog: in that home, and I loved it. They
dialog: told me to call them mom and dad.
dialog: But they told me to my face that
dialog: they'd keep me only until I went
dialog: into puberty. As soon as I had my
dialog: first period I was out, because
dialog: they didn’t want to deal with all
dialog: that. All that womanhood, and boys.
dialog: So when I got my first period I
dialog: didn’t want to leave. I hid the
dialog: rags. And I had to use rags, to
dialog: wash myself, after everyone went to
dialog: bed so they wouldn’t know. And then
dialog: they did find out. And then I was
dialog: just gone.
dialog: (--)
dialog: And then I made it on my own.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Until you. My white knight. You’re
dialog: everything to me. The homes we made
dialog: were the only homes I ever had.
dialog: When you walk into a room you're
dialog: the only thing I see.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You are both mine.
text: And now tries to embrace her. Mine. The phone starts ringing
text: inside the house. And just as quickly the moment is lost--
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D) AUDREY
dialog: Don’t (leave)-- I need to get that.
dialog: 63.
text: And he watches her cross to the kitchen and then to the
text: phone. Watching her through the window pick up the phone.
text: Chipper. Like nothing has happened.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello? ... Oh, hi, Margaret ... No
dialog: I never made it, I was swamped with
dialog: house work...
dialog: (and now--)
text: Felt turns to the pool. Stands there a beat. Strips off his
text: shirt. His pants.
text: Then slips into the water. Until he’s gone beneath a rash of
dialog: bubbles. And we stay with--
text: FELT’S POV. Looking from the bottom up at a rectangle of sky.
text: Audrey in view, wavy through the interference of water.
text: Felt about to burst. But can’t rise. Hungry for the quiet and
text: dark isolation. Desperate for the safety of the coming death.
text: Until a beat before drowning we rise with him. And he
text: EXPLODES to the surface, GASPING FOR BREATH.
text: And lifts himself out of the pool. Dripping and shivering.
text: Listening to Audrey gossip, we BEGIN TO HEAR in PRE-LAP:
scene_heading: ATTORNEY GENERAL RICHARD KLEINDIENST
speaker_heading: (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Three-hundred thirty-three Agents
dialog: from fifty-one field offices around
dialog: the country developed one-thousand
dialog: eight-hundred and ninety-seven
dialog: leads...
dialog: (and we cut to--)
scene_heading: THE ATTORNEY GENERAL'S TV NEWS CONFERENCE
scene_heading: ATTORNEY GENERAL RICHARD
speaker_heading: KLEINDIENST/TV
dialog: ...one-thousand five-hundred and
dialog: fifty-one interviews, spending
dialog: fourteen-thousand ninety-eight man
dialog: hours. Watergate was the most
dialog: intensive, objective and thorough
dialog: investigation in the history of the
text: U.S. Attorney’s office and the FBI.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: ATTORNEY GENERAL RICHARD
dialog: The Justice Department has now
dialog: completed its criminal
dialog: investigation without implicating
dialog: any present officials of either the
dialog: White House or the Committee to Re-
dialog: elect the President.
speaker_heading: LANO (0.S.)
dialog: Completed?? What the hell?
scene_heading: (PULL BACK TO REVEAL--)
scene_heading: INT. FBI - WASHINGTON FIELD OFFICE - DAY 92
dialog: 
text: Lano and Kunkel watching the TV. Ten Agents crowd the door.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL (0.S.)
dialog: Somebody get me Felt on the phone.
text: As the news CUTS TO a SIMULTANEOUS JOHN DEAN NEWS CONFERENCE
speaker_heading: KUNKEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold on-- wait a second.
speaker_heading: DEAN/TV
dialog: Ties to the White House? Two former
dialog: White House people, low level,
dialog: indicted, one consultant and one
dialog: member of the Domestic Council
dialog: staff. That's not very much of a
dialog: tie.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I understand the FBI’s Watergate
dialog: investigation is in a state of
text: repose and unlikely to be reopened.
dialog: (and back to--)
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Anybody tell us this thing was
dialog: over?!
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR/TV (OVER)
dialog: Meanwhile, just forty-two days
dialog: before election day, President
dialog: Nixon’s approval ratings continue
dialog: to rocket--
text: Kunkel MUTES the TV.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Where the hell’s Felt? Or Bates.
dialog: Goddammit get Felt on the phone!
dialog: 93
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: I can’t.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Why the hell not?
speaker_heading: LANO
text: Because he’s right there.
dialog: They turn to the shitty little TV. And so do we:
text: Where Felt is standing like a stone lion on one side of the
text: Attorney General, Gray on the other. Matching bookends of
dialog: authority. Playing his role. Then cut to--
scene_heading: INT. GRAY’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY 93
text: Felt enters. Disturbed by what he’s just done.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: How’s home, Mark?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Why do you ask?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: That daughter of yours? Jill?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Joan.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I hear she’s terrific. Fulbright
dialog: scholar! First girl in the country!
text: Chip off the old block.
dialog: (after a heavy silence)
dialog: Have a seat.
dialog: (Felt stays standing,
dialog: which Gray notes - “okay”
dialog: - but just--)
dialog: I want you to be the first to hear
dialog: my statement to the press.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: ‘No pressure has been put on me or
dialog: any of my special agents in the
dialog: FBI’s investigation, and that it
dialog: strains’ -- I thought I would just
dialog: nip this in the bud -- ‘it strains
dialog: credulity that President Nixon
dialog: could have done a con job on the
dialog: whole American people.’
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: What do you think?
dialog: 94
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: It’s just fine.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Our job is done. Tie up the loose
text: ends. Then shut it all down.
dialog: (and after a beat--)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - FBI WASHINGTON FIELD OFFICE - DAY 94
text: The daily meeting. All 27 Agents.
text: Felt and Bates against the back wall. All acutely aware of -
dialog: and not particularly happy with - their presence.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: (grim)
dialog: The Democrats issued a statement
dialog: this morning.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “The FBI's Watergate investigation
dialog: is a whitewash--”
text: PUSH IN ON FELT while hearing the rest of this. He reddens.
text: Jaw clenches. Hands clench into fists...
speaker_heading: KUNKEL (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: --"What is involved here is not
dialog: only the political life of this
dialog: nation, but the very morality of
dialog: our leaders at a time when the
dialog: United States desperately needs to
dialog: revitalize its moral standards--”
dialog: (it’s killing Felt, like
dialog: nothing else could kill
dialog: Felt)
dialog: That’s it.
text: Despondent silence. Nothing left to say. Then--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Well, gentlemen, here’s what we
dialog: know. We know what we’ve heard out
dialog: of the Department of Justice the
dialog: last two days is bullshit.
dialog: (he has their attention)
dialog: We know the men who broke into the
dialog: Watergate are not the end of this
dialog: thing but the beginning.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: We know this is the latest link in
dialog: a chain of illegal covert
dialog: intelligence operations by the
dialog: President's re-election campaign.
dialog: We know we are facing obstruction
dialog: from multiple fronts. From the
dialog: White House. From the Central
dialog: Intelligence Agency. From the
dialog: Attorney General of the United
dialog: States. Who is our boss.
dialog: (--)
dialog: It is not our job to speculate on
dialog: the involvement of the President.
dialog: It is our job to follow the bread
dialog: crumbs. But those bread crumbs
dialog: appear to be taking us on a tour of
dialog: the West Wing of the White House,
dialog: and in the general direction of the
dialog: Oval Office. We also know we’ve
dialog: been ordered to shut down our
dialog: pursuit of all this as of today.
dialog: And we know that except for the
dialog: thirty men in this room no one in
dialog: the entire country knows any of
dialog: this, and may never know any of
dialog: this--
dialog: Unless we tell them.
dialog: (and now)
dialog: No one can stop the driving force
dialog: of an FBI investigation. Not even
dialog: the FBI.
text: The agents are stunned. Energized. Felt outwardly calm, but
text: as we MOVE IN TIGHTER, we see he is vibrating with rage.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: So what else?
dialog: (and then we find him--)
scene_heading: EXT. 10TH AND PENNSYLVANIA - DAY 95
text: Felt and Bates walking briskly back to FBI HQ.
scene_heading: INT. FELT’/S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY 96
text: CAROL sorting Felt’s mail. Comes on one of the envelopes Felt
text: had mailed. It’s stamped ‘Return to sender’. She adds it toa
dialog: stack of five just like that.
text: She walks the envelopes to Felt.
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 68.
text: Felt stares at the “return to senders”. He pulls out the list
text: of addresses, neatly checks off the ones that have come back.
text: It's almost half of them now.
text: He unlocks a bottom drawer and lifts out a neat stack of
text: twenty of the same envelopes. Looks up.
text: Carol has not moved. She is standing in the middle of the
text: room looking at him. Connecting and speaking with her eyes.
text: And, finally, nod. Of knowing. And support.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - FELT HOME - NEXT DAY 97
dialog: 
text: Felt sits at his easel. Autumn leaves whirlpooling around
text: him. His paint brush an inch away from the surface, frozen
text: mid-air. His EYES FIXED we think on the woods, contemplating
dialog: maybe the lean of a tree. Now cut to--
scene_heading: INT./EXT. DANCE STUDIO - SIMULTANEOUS 98
dialog: 
text: Through a wall of window glass letting out onto the street,
text: we see Audrey in private class with a YOUNG INSTRUCTOR. He’s
text: sexy, virile. She is heavily made up. We stay wide, long.
text: They salsa excellently across the frame. Sultry. Close. Now
speaker_heading: INTERCUT-—
text: FELT AT HIS EASEL. PAN AROUND and SEE the canvas is perfectly
text: white. And his eyes fixed not on a tree but an idea. And back
dialog: to--
text: AUDREY and instructor, gyrating, spinning. Faster like a top
text: picking up speed. Head tipped. Drunk. In both ways. Then cut
dialog: back to and--
text: PUSH IN CLOSE ON THE TIP OF FELT’S BRUSH. A bead of paint
text: drops, and we follow its fall ... and as it SPLASHES on
dialog: Felt’s knee--
scene_heading: EXT./INT. LAUNDROMAT/FELT’S CAR - NIGHT 99
dialog: 
text: Felt’s Buick pulls up. Stops at a phone booth. Rain drums
text: hard against the windows. Felt’s not getting out. He’s
text: sitting there watching the rain.
text: On the seat beside him, and FBI memo stamped “Confidential”.
text: PUSH IN on the memo. TIGHT ON: “Shipley ...Segretti. White
dialog: House ...political espionage...sabotage... Now up to--
dialog: 
text: Felt. He’s thinking about his life and its consequences.
dialog: 69.
text: This is very much like that moment in the life of a man who
text: has not yet cheated on his wife, but who is staring at a
text: motel room door, on the other side of which lies a woman with
text: whom there will be no debate. Once he goes through that door
dialog: life as he knows it will never be the same.
text: Felt gets out of the car. Steps into the booth. Dimes. Dials.
speaker_heading: VOICE/PHONE
dialog: (picking up--)
dialog: Who's this?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I'm going to give you the name of a
dialog: man who was asked to go to work for
dialog: the Nixon administration in an
dialog: unusual way.
speaker_heading: VOICE/PHONE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I'm talking about political
dialog: sabotage, crimes conceived in the
dialog: White House, and run out of the
dialog: White House.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It’s all linked.
speaker_heading: VOICE/PHONE
dialog: To what?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Watergate.
dialog: (now a long quiet, then--)
dialog: There is only one way to understand
dialog: what Watergate really means, and
dialog: this is it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: The name is Alex Shipley. Shipley.
text: He lives in Nashville. The man who
dialog: approached him was a lawyer out of
dialog: L.A. named Donald Segretti.
scene_heading: Segretti. S-E-G-R-E-T-T-I.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Shipley can tell you everything you
dialog: need to know.
speaker_heading: VOICE/PHONE
dialog: Will Shipley talk?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I guess you’re going to have to
dialog: find that out.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: (then)
dialog: One more thing. This comes from
dialog: confidential FBI files. The
dialog: Department of Justice has it. The
dialog: White House has it. And now you
dialog: have it.
speaker_heading: VOICE/PHONE
dialog: Why do you have it?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You'll have to find that out, too.
dialog: (--)
dialog: But first I want you to give it to
dialog: somebody for me.
speaker_heading: VOICE/PHONE
dialog: Who am I supposed to be?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You’re a government lawyer, aren’t
dialog: you? Just tell them that.
dialog: (and we fall back outside,
dialog: past the glass)
text: And watch Felt continue talking for a moment. Then he hangs
dialog: up, and we smash cut to--
scene_heading: 100 INT. /EXT. FELT’S BUICK (MOVING) /STREETS - NIGHT 100
text: Felt slows up to and stops outside the dance studio. He
text: watches the Young Instructor work a class of adults. His
text: hands liberally on the hips of someone else’s wife.
scene_heading: 101 INT. FELT’/S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY 101
text: Felt sphinx-like at his desk with an expression of bored
text: hostility. Bates and Kunkel monitoring against the wall.
text: PAN to the man lowering himself in the chair across from
text: Felt: 27, tweed jacket, earnest, nervous: BOB WOODWARD.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Mr. Felt--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: A pleasure to meet you.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: (confused, a little
dialog: panicked)
dialog: I didn’t have much time to prepare.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: The FBI likes to extend courtesy to
dialog: the press whenever it can, and Mr.
dialog: Felt had a sudden opening. So, the
dialog: usual rules. Mr. Felt will only
dialog: confirm or deny. Nothing on the
dialog: record or on background.
text: Woodward looks to Felt. Felt is imperious and blank.
text: Felt nods.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: (making it up)
dialog: Okay, so, regarding the break-in at
dialog: the Watergate. We have Hunt
text: standing outside the hotel that
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’1l confirm.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: And we have two ex-CIA and two ex-
text: FBI agents involved.
text: Woodward dutifully makes a note.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD (CONT'D)
dialog: And this check deposited in the
text: account of one of the burglars.
dialog: (Woodward and Felt hold a
dialog: look)
dialog: It was a CIA account, correct?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: That is true. But I won’t confirm.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: You just said it was true.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: That doesn’t mean we want people to
dialog: know that it’s true. So I won't
dialog: confirm it.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: I need more detail.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Get it somewhere else.
dialog: 72.
text: Pause. Woodward looks again to Felt for a sign. Nothing.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: That’s it? That’s what you want?
dialog: You know how many people get to sit
dialog: in that seat?
text: Woodward takes a breath, throws what he guesses is the pass
dialog: he was brought here to throw.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: Just one more thing, I guess.
dialog: Someone identifying himself as a
dialog: ‘government lawyer’ called my
dialog: colleague at the Post, Carl
dialog: Bernstein, two nights ago. He gave
dialog: us a name.
dialog: (reading from notes)
dialog: Alex Shipley.
text: Bates and Kunkel shoot each other an amazed look. Felt’s face
text: simply doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Where’d you get that?
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: He’s the Assistant Attorney General
dialog: of Tennessee.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: We know who he is.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: But is Shipley an FBI target?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL BATES
dialog: No comment! We're not going to comment on
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’m not going to comment on that.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: Shipley told my colleague--
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: You already spoke to Shipley?!
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: Shipley was recruited - they tried
dialog: to recruit him - to perform
dialog: political espionage on behalf of
dialog: the Nixon administration. He gave
dialog: us the name of the recruiter.
dialog: (from notes)
dialog: Donald C. Segretti.
dialog: Felt: nothing.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: No comment!
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: Segretti we know is a former
dialog: Treasury Department lawyer--
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: No comment!
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: No comment.
text: STOP. Silence. Woodward looks up, bemused. Knows now why Felt
dialog: brought him here--
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: But I haven’t asked anything yet.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
text: CAROL SHOVING WOODWARD OUT THE DOOR, then back to--
text: Felt, Bates and Kunkel.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Jesus christ who the hell’s talking
dialog: to these guys?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: ‘Government lawyer’ could be ten
dialog: thousand people in this town.
text: They're semi-hysterical. Felt calm as shit.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Get Mr. Lano over to the Post. Find
dialog: out where they’re getting their
dialog: information.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
text: Gladly.
dialog: *
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: And I want all our offices swept
dialog: for bugs. Today.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Who would be crazy enough to bug
dialog: the FBI?
text: (Felt and Bates look at
dialog: each other)
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Whoever thinks they need to know
dialog: what we know.
scene_heading: 102 INT. KITCHEN - FELT HOME - NIGHT 102
text: Phone rings.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (picking up)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: FELT / PHONE
dialog: (another extension)
dialog: I have it.
dialog: (she keeps listening; a
dialog: silence, then--)
dialog: Please hang up.
text: She won't let go. Then she does. And goes to the sink.
text: Felt enters.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Are you having an affair, Mark?
dialog: (--)
dialog: Because I’m starting to wish you
dialog: were.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Are you?
dialog: (but didn’t mean to say
dialog: it, and before she can
dialog: answer)
dialog: They’ve unplugged the system, and
dialog: the FBI system is beautiful. We all
dialog: knew where we fit in.
dialog: (--)
dialog: We do our jobs and the machine gets
dialog: it right.
dialog: (--)
dialog: There are no heroes. Not now. Not
dialog: anymore.
dialog: 103
dialog: 75.
text: Felt exits, crosses to the driveway to his car in the
text: carport. He gets in, and he backs out, and then we cut to--
scene_heading: EXT. LAUNDROMAT - LATER THAT NIGHT 103
text: Felt in the phone booth.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD /PHONE
dialog: Summoning me to the FBI like that--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: It wasn’t about you. Our
dialog: conversations have to be protected.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Where did you get Shipley?
speaker_heading: WOODWARD /PHONE
dialog: The source won’t give his name.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Shipley’s good information. You're
dialog: on it now ... But we can’t do this
dialog: by phone any more. This is more
dialog: dangerous than you realize.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD /PHONE
dialog: How dangerous?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: When we meet you’1ll have to observe
dialog: strict rules of counter-
dialog: surveillance. How do you leave your
dialog: apartment?
speaker_heading: WOODWARD / PHONE
text: Front door.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Take the alley. Don’t drive your
dialog: own car. Take a taxi but switch
dialog: taxies mid-way. Take the time you
dialog: need. One hour, two hours. I won’t
dialog: care if you're late, but if you’re
dialog: being followed do not come near me.
text: (he looks at his watch)
dialog: 2 a.m.
dialog: (and hangs up)
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: OMIT 104
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - NIGHT 105
text: A MAN STANDING SUBMERGED IN SHADOW. We’re in a parking
text: garage. The man is smoking. It’s only when the cherry surges
dialog: that we see it’s Felt.
text: Woodward approaches.
text: They stand there in silence. Both anxious, but for different
dialog: reasons. Then:
speaker_heading: FELT
text: The story isn’t moving. Everyone
dialog: stopped listening to you.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: We're lost in detail.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: That’s their plan. They want
text: everyone confused. Confusion is
dialog: control.
text: A pause. Woodward is lost.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: This is hard.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Of course it’s hard.
dialog: (--)
dialog: You talk now.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: We found Segretti.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Segretti’s important but don’t fall
text: in love with him. He connects the
text: pieces, but it runs all over the
dialog: map.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Everything was part of it. It’s a
dialog: monster.
dialog: (then)
dialog: The truth could ruin the
dialog: administration, and I mean ruin.
dialog: (Woodward just looks at
dialog: him, then--)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: How high. Does it go?
dialog: And Felt a sudden recoil of shame, regret--
speaker_heading: FELT WOODWARD (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to do this my way! (flash of anger)
dialog: There’s no going back now!
text: A MATCH FLARES. Now we really see why Felt’s stretching this
text: out. He’s nervous. Afraid. He seems thinner. Worn.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You still don’t understand what I’m
dialog: giving you.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Watergate is just a little corner
dialog: of a massive conspiracy. Campaign
text: spying and sabotage. Everyone and
dialog: everything - and I mean everyone -
dialog: is involved.
dialog: (Woodward scribbling)
dialog: The FBI did its job. It’s all in
dialog: the files. If you put out the right
dialog: story the public will scream. The
dialog: Attorney General will have to let
dialog: me keep going.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: When you do, what are you going to
dialog: find?
text: They look at each other, thinking.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: This is dangerous stuff you’re
dialog: playing with. Especially if it’s
dialog: known before November 7th.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Election day.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: FELT
text: The White House is behind
dialog: everything. But if they get past
dialog: the election, they’re home free.
dialog: The President is safe.
text: And now he realizes.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: The President. That’s how high.
text: Felt turns away. We think for good. Then stops. Leaning
text: against a car. Bends his knees, slowly lowers. Until he’s
text: sitting on the cold cement. Tired. At the end of something.
text: Woodward sits on the garage floor opposite him, cross-legged.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD (CONT'D)
dialog: My editors know. That I’m talking
dialog: to somebody.
dialog: (Felt looks up sharply)
dialog: But not who. They don’t ask. [Like
dialog: they’re afraid to know. ]
dialog: (Felt looks furious)
dialog: I'm not going to tell anyone who
dialog: you are. That’s the deal, I
dialog: understand.
dialog: (--)
dialog: But they know it’s someone deep
text: inside. Someone who can see
dialog: everything. No one understands how
dialog: one person knows so much.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: No one can possibly know how much I
dialog: know.
dialog: He means about everything, of course. Not just this. A pause,
dialog: then--
speaker_heading: WOODWARD
dialog: With all this mystery, there’s a
dialog: nickname for you at the paper.
dialog: (--)
dialog: ‘Deep Throat’.
text: Felt stares at him. As if not metabolizing. As if not having
text: heard. Then his look forms a shape: distaste, disgust.
speaker_heading: WOODWARD (CONT'D)
dialog: They didn’t know what else to call
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: + OF
dialog: *
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: They shouldn’t have to call me
dialog: anything.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Take out your notebook. There’s
dialog: more.
dialog: (and now we cut to--)
scene_heading: 106 EXT. FELT HOME - MORNING 106
text: Audrey standing barefoot on the lawn, the Washington Post in
text: her hands. She’s scanning the front page.
scene_heading: TITLE: OCTOBER 10, 1972
scene_heading: PUSH IN CLOSE ON THE PAPER - HEADLINE: “FBI Finds Nixon Aides
dialog: Sabotaged Democrats”.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (PRE-LAP)
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “FBI agents have established that
dialog: the Watergate bugging incident
dialog: stemmed from a massive campaign of
dialog: political spying and sabotage
dialog: conducted on behalf of President
dialog: Nixon's re-election...”
scene_heading: 107 INT. KITCHEN - FELT HOME - SAME 107
text: Felt stirs his Folger’s at the kitchen sink. Reading to him
text: from the table.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: “,..and directed by officials of
dialog: the White House and the Committee
dialog: for the Re-election of the
dialog: President. Nixon knows that
dialog: something is being done. It’s a
dialog: typical deal, Segretti said. It’s
dialog: don’ t-ask-and-I-won’t-tell.”
text: Felt’s spoon STOPS.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: “'There is some very powerful
dialog: information,’ said one federal
dialog: official. ‘Especially if it’s known
dialog: before November 7th.’”
dialog: (and looks at Felt)
dialog: Election day--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I know what day it is.
speaker_heading: A108
dialog: 108
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: “The FBI Finds”?
dialog: This is you--
text: HOLDING on Felt’s calm mask. As he gets up to face everything
text: this day will bring, picks up his hat, briefcase, heads out--
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: What are they going to do to us?
dialog: (then smash to--)
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S BUICK (STATIONARY A108
text: In the driveway. Engine running. Felt’s face all wrong.
text: Gripping the wheel. Listening to--
speaker_heading: NEWS BROADCAST/RADIO (OVER)
dialog: --The White House is vigorously
dialog: denouncing the story in the
dialog: Washington Post this morning
dialog: accusing the administration of
text: engaging in a secret political war.
dialog: White House press secretary Ron
dialog: Ziegler is calling the story a
text: “pack of scurrilous lies and
dialog: innuendo based on faceless cowardly
dialog: sources inside the Department of
dialog: Justice.”
dialog: (and now SMASH to--)
scene_heading: INT. FBI HQ - DAY 108
text: Felt steps out of a crowded elevator, having the breezy
text: workaday exchanges a man who runs the FBI would have.
speaker_heading: CAR RADIO (OVER)
dialog: White House is calling the story a
text: “pack of scurrilous lies and
dialog: innuendo based on faceless cowardly
dialog: sources inside the Department of
dialog: Justice.”
text: As Felt goes deeper into HQ, Felt’s POV (which is our POV)
text: literally warps: hyper-aware of Agents carrying copies of the
text: Post, reading the Woodward/Bernstein story. He imagines every
text: face, every gesture, every set of eyes accusing him.
text: THEY KNOW IT WAS HIM.
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (taking his hat and coat)
dialog: The Director wants you immediately.
text: SHE KNOWS IT WAS HIM.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. GRAY’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - CONTINUOUS 109
text: Felt enters. The Post sits on Gray’s desk. It’s been
text: obsessively marked with lines and question marks.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (picks up the paper)
dialog: He’s here, Mark, has to be. There’s
text: a spy in the FBI.
scene_heading: INT. FBI HQ - DAY - A CLOSED DOOR 110
speaker_heading: GRAY (OVER)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: “,..FBI agents have established"??
dialog: (obviously reading from
dialog: the story)
dialog: “One federal investigative official
dialog: said ... according to FBI
dialog: reports...”
dialog: (then)
text: THAT’S US, GODDAMMIT!
dialog: 111
scene_heading: INT. FBI - WASHINGTON FIELD OFFICE - DAY
text: Felt, Gray and Bates standing at the top of a conference
text: room. They're facing Kunkel, Lano and the 26 Field Agents of
dialog: the Washington Field Office.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON FELT
text: With Gray, raking cold condemnation over the men.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (seething)
dialog: There is information in here that
dialog: the Bureau only got 72 hours ago!
dialog: Gentlemen, are you goddamn joking??
dialog: (then)
dialog: Mr. Felt, you had something you
dialog: wanted to say.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: The last few days I’ve heard
dialog: various people accuse Mr. Lano of
text: leaking to the press.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: (reddening)
dialog: You have got to be kidding me.
text: Murmurs. Eyes turn on Lano.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: And that he and certain newspaper
text: reporters have been seen together.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: Think I’m gonna be sick.
text: NOW BATES begins what will become a long escalating stare at
text: Felt, putting something together.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I wanted to say to you, Mr. Lano,
dialog: in front of everyone here, that I
dialog: know these are vicious lies by
dialog: jealous agents. You’re doing a fine
dialog: job, and no matter what the
dialog: Director and I will support you.
text: Felt nods it back to Gray.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I may not be a FBI lifer like some
dialog: of you. I’m certainly no Mark Felt.
dialog: Since I arrived here I have put up
dialog: with paranoia, insubordination,
dialog: second-guessing. Gentlemen, it’s
dialog: Come to Jesus time. Whoever the
dialog: leaker is, whoever is the Judas
dialog: among you betraying me, the other
dialog: good men in this room, his family,
dialog: God, not to mention the Bureau and
dialog: the legacy of J. Edgar Hoover, step
dialog: forward. Right here. Right now.
text: STOP. A hugely tense and awkward moment.
text: FELT - outwardly on fire ... But CLOSER: a trace of sweat --
text: eyes flicking face to face. Who knows? Which ones know?
text: KUNKEL - staring at his shoes, humiliated.
dialog: LANO - fuck you. And back to--
dialog: 112
dialog: 83.
dialog: FELT - stronger and safer every second that ticks by. And
dialog: back to--
text: BATES - he’s staring at Felt. Doesn’t want to be thinking
text: what he’s thinking. But here he is thinking it.
text: No one’s stepping forward. Gray stalks out.
text: Bates now absolutely can’t take his eyes off Felt. Because
text: Bates REALLY KNOWS.
text: The room empties. Lano pulls Bates aside.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Hey, Charlie, we got an office pool
text: going across the street on who the
dialog: leak is. My money's on you.
scene_heading: INT. BATES’ OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY 112
text: Bates packing years of memorabilia, files and junk into
text: boxes. Kunkel wanders in.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: What’s the body count?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Eight so far. You, me, a few guys
dialog: on my team.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Angie?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: (shakes No)
dialog: The guy’s a cockroach. He’d survive
text: a nuclear blast.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Where they sending you?
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: St. Louis. You?
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: San Francisco.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: At least it’s Frisco.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Yeah? Good.
dialog: (tearing up)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: How many years you put in here,
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: The whole run. My kids were born
dialog: here.
dialog: A long beat, then--
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: Did you know?
dialog: (Bates just looks at him)
dialog: About Felt.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: What about him?
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: BATES (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you?
text: Kunkel seems to sag. Implode. Shrink.
speaker_heading: KUNKEL
dialog: I do now.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Some things are bigger than you and
dialog: me, Bobby. It has to be that way.
text: Kunkel waits, but there’s nothing else to say, so he just
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: NIXON IN BLACK TIE ON TV ADDRESSES A CAMPAIGN DINNER:
speaker_heading: CROWD (TV)
scene_heading: FOUR MORE YEARS!!...FOUR MORE
dialog: YEARS! !
speaker_heading: NIXON (TV)
dialog: Did I hear right, my friends? Are
dialog: we not twenty points ahead?!
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL the TV’s in
dialog: 113
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: A cop-and-fireman joint. Felt, Miller and Bates drinking at
text: the bar. Miller brings over beers.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: I appreciate you taking the time,
dialog: Mr. Felt.
text: Felt looks at him.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Mark--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I always take care of my people,
dialog: Mr. Bates.
dialog: In fact, my father always said to
dialog: me, ‘Mark, whatever we do, we have
dialog: to make our lives vectors. Lines
text: with force and direction.’
dialog: 85.
dialog: 113
text: And makes some stabbing motion with his hand. Forward. Force.
text: Bates and Miller exchange a glance. Felt’s drunk as shit.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: So he gave me a horse. Yeah, I
dialog: hadda horse. When I was a boy. My
dialog: daddy gave it to me to teach me how
dialog: to protect something, bring it
dialog: along, be a man about things. A man
dialog: with vectors.
text: More stabbing. They’re nodding. Pretending to understand.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Catches sick. Bad sick. I got on my
dialog: knees and prayed to God to save
dialog: that horse, and to save me. Because
dialog: everything I was was on the line,
dialog: Mr. Miller.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Pride, faith in God, my father’s
dialog: respect.
dialog: (beat; then)
dialog: He put the gun in my hand and said
dialog: I had to shoot that horse myself.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: + %
dialog: +
dialog: 85A.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: And I looked the horse in the eyes
dialog: and I shot him looking him straight
text: in the eyes.
dialog: (to Miller)
dialog: I destroyed that sick horse the way
dialog: you have to destroy anything that
dialog: is sick beyond repair. To rescue it
dialog: from its agony.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Mark--
dialog: (and makes a move to take
dialog: him away, but--)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: And the agony it causes everyone
dialog: else . Mr. Bates.
dialog: 
dialog: Blood never really comes off wood
dialog: plank, you know. Seeps in like
dialog: paint.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Failed that horse ... Failed my
dialog: father ... Failed. And so had to
dialog: destroy.
speaker_heading: CROWD (OVER)
dialog: (TV)
scene_heading: FOUR MORE YEARS!!...FOUR MORE
dialog: YEARS! !
dialog: ee
dialog: + %
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - TV
text: Nixon flashing his Victory V's.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: That’s a sad story, Mr. Felt.
text: Felt’s emotional. Drunker than they thought. Vulnerable.
speaker_heading: BATES (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Felt?
dialog: Bates is going to do it, ask him straight out. Miller can
dialog: feel it coming. Felt turns, Huh?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (low)
dialog: What are you doing, Charlie?
dialog: (long excruciating beat)
dialog: Do not--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (his imperiousness
dialog: returns)
dialog: What is it, Mr. Bates?
text: Bates can’t do it. Raises a glass:
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Here’s to you. Bravo.
text: They toast.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: San Francisco, Charlie. Plum
dialog: assignment. They were going to send
dialog: you to Omaha. Wanted you to know. I
dialog: watch out for my men and their
dialog: families.
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S HOME - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Tick-tock go the clocks. The herds of china elephants keepin
text: watch. Efrem Zimbalist Jr. wheels and fires from the wall of
dialog: the den.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT OFFICE - SAME
text: Felt’s smoking at his desk, Coltrane playing in the b.g. A
text: little unsteady, a little drunk. Lets his eyes close. Slowly
dialog: 114
dialog: g
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 87.
text: Smoke curling up his face. Deeply listening to the music. The
text: saxophone runs and the controlled chaos of the improv. The
text: gunfire drumming.
text: His eyes open. Vigilant. He takes out of his briefcase two
text: more ‘return-to-sender’ letters. Pulls the address list out
text: of his wallet. Been refolded and thumbed up a hundred times
dialog: now.
text: Felt checks off these last addresses. Flattens the list on
dialog: the desk.
text: WE MOVE IN ON THE LIST: just one address left: Genesis
dialog: Commune, Ben Lomand, California.
text: Felt picks up the phone. Dials. And we cut to--
scene_heading: INT. A DARK BEDROOM - SIMULTANEOUS 116
text: The phone rings. BATES fumbles for the receiver, turns on the
text: bed light. His wife wakes up.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (now intercutting--)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: One last thing before you leave us,
dialog: Mr. Bates.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Of course. Hold on.
dialog: (and reaches for something
dialog: to write on)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Genesis Commune. Ben Lomand.
dialog: California.
text: Bates scratches down the name.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Check it thoroughly.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Do we think the Underground's
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: No muscle, Mr. Bates. Nothing in
dialog: the files. I want you to handle it
dialog: personally.
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: I don’t understand. What are we
dialog: looking for?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Joan Felt. My daughter.
dialog: Long pause.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Is the morning okay? Or right now?
dialog: Tonight?
speaker_heading: FELT BATES (CONT'D)
dialog: Morning’s fine. And Mr. Yes, Mr. Felt?
dialog: Bates.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You can leave what you find with
dialog: Mr. Miller.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: Mr. Miller. Good night, sir.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Good night.
dialog: (and hangs up, and--)
scene_heading: INT. FBI HQ - MORNING 117
text: Felt comes in. But he’s not the first one in this morning.
text: GRAY’S OFFICE DOOR is open. WE PUSH INTO THE OFFICE. Find
text: JOHN DEAN talking to Gray.
text: Dean turns, locks eyes with Felt. Gray closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - LATER 118
dialog: 
text: Felt enters. Finds Gray sitting in his chair. (Internally,
dialog: drives Felt crazy.)
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: These leaks are driving the White
dialog: House crazy.
dialog: (and looks up)
dialog: The White House thinks it knows who
text: it is. He’s here. In the FBI.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: Your name came up.
text: STOP. Long beat. Felt’s head has filled with a low-level HUM,
text: like static interference.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Do you have any idea what that
dialog: would mean?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Treason. For one. Betrayal of
dialog: everything the FBI stands for. For
dialog: another.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: Everything you stand for.
text: The humming crescendoing. What did he miss? Who overheard
dialog: him? Now Felt EYES the room for a good place to plant a bug.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: So why would I do it?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I don’t know. I can’t imagine their
dialog: thinking.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Why don’t they fire me?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: They’re terrified of you. You know
dialog: everything.
dialog: (--)
dialog: To them, the only thing worse than
dialog: keeping you is firing you.
text: THE HUM DOMINANT NOW. Felt’s pov pinballing around the room
dialog: now: Where’s that damn bug?
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dean did say something strange.
dialog: Apparently they know everything
dialog: going on inside our shop. They have
dialog: a “source”.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Inside the FBI?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: He said they hear everything.
dialog: (HOLD, then smash to)
text: Al19 FELT FEELING UNDER THE DESK. Gray’s left the room. Felt’s A119
text: alone. Eyeballing every surface, every corner.
text: MRS. TSCHUDY enters with a stack of folders.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Can I get you an aspirin?
dialog: 119
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Have Mr. Bates sweep our offices
dialog: for bugs.
speaker_heading: CAROL
text: Mr. Bates is gone, Mr. Felt.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Have Mr. Miller do it.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: We just had your office swept, Mr.
dialog: Felt.
speaker_heading: FELT
speaker_heading: DO IT AGAIN!
text: And Carol bolts. Felt’s staring hard at Joan’s picture on the
text: wall. He takes it down, tears the paper backing. Nothing.
dialog: Now, smash to--
text: FELT IN A SWEAT, BOLTING INTO THE HOUSE. 119
text: Now running his fingers along the edges and corners of
dialog: everything.
text: We’re in his house. He’s peering behind his posters ... under
text: his desk ... aims a flashlight in the heating grates.
text: Audrey following him from room to room. He unscrews the
text: mouthpiece of the kitchen phone. She’s standing, watching.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Do they know?!
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Do they know what--? What?? What do
dialog: you think they know? What is there
dialog: to know?
dialog: (explodes at her)
dialog: Can you for once in your life just
dialog: shut up, Audrey!! Just shut the
dialog: hell up!
text: And as Audrey freezes, Felt runs. WE FOLLOW HIM to the back,
text: edging the pool, toward the pitch dark of the woods behind,
text: right to the edge of it. Defiance. It’s him against the
text: infinite black wall of night.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon! Here I am! ... C’MON!
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: INT. GRAY’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY 120
text: Felt and Miller. Felt back to his composed imperious self.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I asked Mr. Miller to join us as a
dialog: witness.
dialog: (heavy silence; then)
dialog: This is my fault. It is me.
text: Miller and Gray stare at him, stunned.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Mark, what are you saying?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Everything that happens inside this
dialog: building is my responsibility. If
dialog: there is a rat, if the White House
dialog: has someone inside the Bureau, I
dialog: should know. So it’s on me.
dialog: (and so)
dialog: I want your permission to do a full
dialog: internal investigation. I’1l bring
dialog: down an inspection team from New
dialog: York. I want everyone who’s been in
dialog: contact with the Watergate files
dialog: polygraphed. I’1l run it myself.
speaker_heading: GRAY
text: (and throws a glance at
dialog: Miller)
dialog: They’11 hate you for it.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Everything is on the line. We're
text: running out of time.
dialog: (and cut to--)
scene_heading: ANGIE LANO’S FACE FILLING THE SCREEN, STUCK IN A SNEER. 121
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL an interrogation room. Lano’s hooked up
text: to a polygraph machine, answering a POLYGRAPHER’S questions.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - THROUGH A ONE-WAY MIRROR
dialog: Is an observation room.
text: Felt watches with Miller.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: How many is that?
dialog: 122
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Fifteen total. Mr. Lano’s the last.
dialog: *
dialog: And we don't have a thing.
dialog: (troubled)
dialog: Has the FBI ever done this to its
dialog: own?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I want Mr. Lano to sign a sworn
dialog: affidavit that he has not passed
dialog: information to Woodward or
dialog: Bernstein or any other reporter. I
dialog: want everyone in the Washington
dialog: Field Office to sign one.
text: Miller looks at him.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: You're humiliating them.
text: Through the glass Lano is RIPPING off the wires and
text: electrodes. The Polygrapher steps out.
speaker_heading: POLYGRAPHER
dialog: Okay are you ready?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: POLYGRAPHER *
dialog: The polygraph.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: POLYGRAPHER *
dialog: His own orders. No exceptions.
text: Lano has stepped out.
speaker_heading: LANO *
dialog: I‘1l tell you one thing. It’1l make
dialog: all this go down easier for the
dialog: rest of us.
text: Lano glares. Felt imperious, opaque. A long pause. Felt’s
text: cornered. Nowhere to look. Turns right into it. To Miller.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (the bluff)
dialog: Do it, Mr. Miller. Set it up.
scene_heading: INT. FELT’S OFFICE - FBI HO - DAY 122
text: Felt at his desk.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CAROL/ INTERCOM
text: Mr. Dean at the White House.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (picks up)
dialog: Mr. Dean.
speaker_heading: DEAN/ PHONE
dialog: Pat Gray was quite taken by the way
dialog: you've taken charge. He said you
dialog: insisted on having yourself
dialog: polygraphed but your own men
dialog: wouldn’t allow it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Lucky for you, I guess.
text: Beat. Then they both laugh.
speaker_heading: DEAN/PHONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Nothing like this in the history of
dialog: the FBI, I understand.
text: They both wait for the other to blink. Felt can wait all day.
speaker_heading: DEAN/PHONE (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t have it yet.
speaker_heading: FELT
text: Progress is slow.
text: Pause. Tense silence.
speaker_heading: DEAN/ PHONE
dialog: This must be very uncomfortable for
dialog: you.
dialog: (and holding on Felt--)
speaker_heading: CROWD (PRE-LAP) NIXON (PRE-LAP)
text: FOUR MORE YEARS! FOUR MORE It was a great victory, but
dialog: YEARS the greater the victory, the
dialog: greater the responsibility,
dialog: the greater the opportunity!
text: The applause CRESCENDOING as we cut to--
text: NIXON ON TV SPEECHIFYING THROUGH A CONFETTI RAIN.
speaker_heading: NIXON/TV
dialog: ...dedicating ourselves to those
dialog: great goals that I have discussed
dialog: at such great length throughout
dialog: this campaign--
dialog: (and now)
dialog: 123
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: INT. DEN - FELT’S HOME - NIGHT 123
text: Felt and Audrey watch TV.
speaker_heading: WALTER CRONKITE/TV (OVER)
dialog: (broadcast)
dialog: With a more than 22% margin of
dialog: victory, some are referring to this
dialog: as the greatest victory in American
dialog: political history.
text: Felt rises, shuts it off.
text: He leaves the room. We follow him through the house room to
text: room. To the phone. He picks it up but doesn’t dial. He just
text: listens a long beat. Puts it down. Crosses to the window and
dialog: peers out.
text: STREET - an FBI car sits out front. Two Agents watching the
text: house. We HOLD on this, suddenly not knowing - as Felt
text: suddenly doesn’t know - who those agents really are.
text: The phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (picks up; into phone)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (silence)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (nothing)
dialog: Hello?
text: O.S. a door slams. Audrey has gone upstairs. Felt is staring
text: at the phone.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Is someone there?
text: Now we HEAR WHAT HE HEARS: (OVER) A PATTERN OF CLICKS AND
speaker_heading: HISSES.
text: Felt hangs up.
text: TAP TAP. Felt whirls. Jumpy.
text: It's a tree. Scraping the glass. Nothing.
text: Back to the window, peers through the curtains.
text: The street is empty.
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 95.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. 10TH AND PENNSYLVANIA - DAY - AERIAL SHOT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AND UP TO
dialog: 124
text: Felt’s Buick joins the traffic past the Capitol, whirlpooling
text: past the Lincoln Memorial.
text: The car STOPS past a bus stop along the Potomac. Felt parks,
dialog: exits, and--
scene_heading: EXT. BENCH - STREETS - SAME
text: Felt sits beside a MAN in a trench and hat.
speaker_heading: FELT
text: The knives are out.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: More than you know.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Am I safe?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: No one is. You’re being watched.
dialog: The White House is going to
dialog: sanitize the entire town.
dialog: (then)
dialog: The Director of Central
dialog: Intelligence will be gone by
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Why.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Apparently, he couldn’t smoke you
dialog: out fast enough.
text: (Felt looks at him, but
dialog: says nothing)
dialog: The source. Of those stories.
text: After a pause.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Where does the CIA stand?
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: MAN
text: The CIA is building a wall. We’1l
dialog: stay out of your way, but if we are
dialog: forced to protect ourselves we
dialog: will.
dialog: (then)
dialog: The FBI will never reach the CIA on
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: And the White House?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: The CIA’s position is, Presidents
text: come and go. The CIA stays. The FBI
dialog: stays. We are the constants.
text: Felt up, about to walk away.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Almost forgot. Time Magazine's
dialog: Person of the Year is going to be
dialog: Richard Nixon. Thought you’d like
dialog: to know.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Happy Holidays.
scene_heading: INT. FELT HOME - CHRISTMAS DAY 126
text: UNDER Lawrence Welk’s Christmas Carol schmaltz: a Norman
text: Rockwellian gingerbread happiness. A dozen stockings a-
text: hanging. Crackling fire in the hearth. A Christmas tree
text: afloat on a sea of unwrapped toys.
text: PAN ACROSS the table: Felt and Audrey, Ed and Pat Miller. The
text: Miller’s THREE YOUNG CHILDREN. All before their perfect,
text: shiny Christmas dinner. Felt, the patriarch, carves the
dialog: perfect turkey.
text: Now Felt is playing with Miller’s littlest girl. On his back,
text: giving her a plane ride. The girl screeching with delight.
text: AUDREY standing in the kitchen doorway, watching. Drinking.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Mark!
dialog: (lost in the laughter)
dialog: Do you do that on purpose?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What? C’mon, we’re just having fun.
text: Audrey starts to cry. Pat Miller goes to Audrey.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: PAT MILLER
dialog: Honey. What are we doing wrong?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: He’s always playing his games.
speaker_heading: PAT MILLER
dialog: What games, honey?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: He knows--
dialog: (and now Ed Miller)
dialog: You know.
speaker_heading: PAT MILLER
dialog: Honey we all care so much.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You blame me, all of you! He does!
dialog: (Felt; not explodes)
dialog: What do you all want from me! To
dialog: laugh and sing? !
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Do you think you’re the only one in
dialog: pain?! Can’t you see anything
dialog: except how it affects you?!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: No! I can’t! It’s just maybe I’ma
dialog: little more honest about it--
text: (an awkward quiet, and Pat
text: pulls her into the foyer,
dialog: the two women)
dialog: Don’t you dare say anything until
dialog: you know what it’s like to come
dialog: home and one of those children is
dialog: just gone. Because it’1ll happen to
dialog: you, too--!
dialog: 
text: Pat, stung, leans in anyway. Eyes moist. Stoic.
speaker_heading: PAT MILLER
dialog: It’s easy to be great when they’re
dialog: babies, isn’t it. Then they become
dialog: people, and you have to deal with
dialog: them. Just like everyone else.
dialog: (and as she goes out--)
scene_heading: 127 INT. JOAN’S ROOM - FELT HOME - NIGHT 127
dialog: 
text: Felt stands in the middle of the room. The room is EMPTY,
text: CLEANED OUT, all signs of human life ERASED. HOLD ... Then--
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
scene_heading: A_ SEQUENCE OF TV NEWS SHOTS
dialog: 128
text: THE WATERGATE BURGLARS filing into a Washington DC courtroom,
dialog: taking the oath...
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (OVER)
dialog: As the trial of the five men
dialog: accused of breaking into the
dialog: Watergate Hotel continues, alleged
dialog: ringleader G. Gordon Liddy pled
dialog: guilty to six felony counts.
text: HOWARD HUNT giving a press conference...
speaker_heading: HOWARD HUNT
dialog: No higher-ups were involved in the
dialog: break-in.
text: THE BURGLARS now standing at a news conference podium.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (OVER)
dialog: Claiming no connection whatsoever
dialog: to the White House, the Watergate
dialog: burglars changed their minds and
dialog: pled guilty to all eight counts...
scene_heading: EXT. FELT HOME - NIGHT
text: A limo idles at the curb, in a swirl of snow. The door to
text: Felt’s home opens. Felt crosses shrugging on a coat, and--
scene_heading: INT. LIMO
text: Felt slides in next to Gray.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: The President told me the
dialog: unthinkable has happened: he
dialog: actually misses Hoover. Hoover
dialog: would have gotten the dogs off him,
dialog: he said. He’d have everyone scared
dialog: to death.
text: Felt staring out the window. Into a fresh snowfall.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: The White House is going to make me
dialog: Director permanently.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Congratulations.
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Bill Sullivan will be my Number
dialog: Two.
dialog: (and waits for Felt’s
dialog: reaction)
text: That sits there. Long enough for the ramifications to strike
text: both men. Felt doesn’t so much as blink. Then--
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You know what the President said to
dialog: me today? He said, ‘The Germans had
dialog: the right idea during World War II.
dialog: If they went through a town and one
dialog: of their soldiers got hit by a
dialog: sniper, they'd line up the whole
dialog: goddamn town and kill everyone’. He
dialog: said it’s time to clean out the
dialog: FBI.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You know what that will mean for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Remember, they’re afraid of you.
dialog: The President said you know
dialog: everything there is to know in the
dialog: FBI.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Mark. If you did know something,
dialog: you could come to me. We’d be able
dialog: to work it out together. We could
dialog: do something about it.
text: Nothing. Pause. Felt starts to get out--
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t protect you any more. Just
dialog: give them what they want. The
text: traitor’s head on a platter.
dialog: (and then we find--)
scene_heading: EXT. FELT HOME 133
text: Felt watches the limo’s taillights recede, then to--
scene_heading: INT. JOAN’S ROOM - FELT HOME 134
text: Felt entering. Audrey close behind. Looking for a place to be
text: alone. Enters here. The one room he knows Audrey won’t enter.
text: Closing the door on her.
dialog: 135
speaker_heading: A136
dialog: 136
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Mark?
text: (stares at the wood, and
speaker_heading: now INTERCUT)
text: FELT ON THE OTHER SIDE. Their foreheads connected by wood.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you did it to save us from
dialog: those lunatics.
text: Felt squeezes his eyes. She feels him there, reached for
text: where his head would be. Then turns. Back against the door.
dialog: Guarding him. Then--
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - FBI HQ - NEXT MORNING 135
dialog: 
text: Felt on his way up alone. Doors open. A half-dozen agents
text: step on. Sullivan among them.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Nice to see you.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What brings you back?
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Two words. Re-venge.
text: Sullivan pushes out. The doors close. And we find Felt in--
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. HOOVER’S OFFICE - FBI HQ - DAY A136
dialog: His and our first time in since he claimed the throne as his.
text: Now, it is lost. As he stands there before all he has failed,
dialog: we cut to--
text: Carol waiting for him outside. Until she can’t wait any more.
speaker_heading: CAROL TSCHUDY
text: Mr. Felt. Mr. Miller is on the
dialog: phone.
dialog: (now cut to--)
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. FELT’S CAR/FBI GARAGE - THAT DAY 136
dialog: 
text: Felt emerges from the elevator, crossing toward his parked
text: car. Loitering around is Miller and an UNDERCOVER AGENT,
text: plainclothes in his 20's.
dialog: +
dialog: +
dialog: 100A.
text: Felt passes them without so much as a nod, simply gets in his
text: car, and waits. Miller nods at the agent. They both get in
text: with Felt. Miller up front, the agent behind.
speaker_heading: MILLER FELT
dialog: This is Special Agent Clarke-- I don’t want to know his
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Tell him what you told Mr. Bates
dialog: and me.
text: Agent nervous. Felt’s imperious eyes in the rear view mirror
dialog: study him.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: I don’t think you have anything to
dialog: worry about, Mr. Felt.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: You don’t think?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Specific.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: The commune where the subject, Joan
dialog: Felt, is--
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Do not say her name--
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Copy. Where the target is.
dialog: Definitely some people of interest
dialog: in there. Maybe some Weather
dialog: Underground--
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: But the -- target?
text: Felt’s eyes. Desperate now, almost pleading:
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: If you ask me, just someone’s kid
text: looking for a way home.
dialog: (and as we PUSH IN on
dialog: Felt)
text: To a stranger he gives nothing. But in TIGHTER: his eyes
text: moisten. To us, he’s holding back a flood of relief and
text: agony. As Felt nods--
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: We never spoke. No paper. You don’t
dialog: know anything. Get out now.
dialog: (and as the Agent goes,
text: withdraws into the shadow
dialog: of the garage)
text: Felt and Miller sit in a long silence. Both men looking
text: ahead. Until Felt, barely a whisper--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Thank you.
text: Miller pats Felt’s hand on the wheel. Holds a beat. The two
text: men. The two fathers. Then leaves him.
dialog: 137
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - RURAL VIRGINIA - NIGHT 137
dialog: 
text: Felt waits in a booth. The booth we saw him staring into
text: earlier. A violent storm rattles the window.
text: Eyes SCANNING every face. Everyone a suspect. HIS POV lands
text: on hands, expressions, mouths. Eyes seem to come back to him.
text: His steely glare chases them away.
text: In slides Smith. Shaking the wet off.
speaker_heading: FELT
text: Bill Sullivan is picking out colors
dialog: for his new office. He’s going to
dialog: turn the FBI into the KGB.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: So it’s over.
dialog: (waitress wanders by)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Bring coffee
dialog: (then, to Smith)
dialog: Get out your notebook.
dialog: (then)
dialog: May 1969. And February 1971--
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Mark.
dialog: (stopping him - yes?)
dialog: Are you sure about this?
dialog: (he’s very fucking sure of
dialog: this, because--)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Between those dates White House
dialog: employees were wiretapped, many of
dialog: them aides to the Secretary of
dialog: State. And five reporters.
dialog: Including the New York Times.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You're kidding.
dialog: (but Felt’s not kidding)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Some of the names of the targets
dialog: came down from Henry Kissinger.
text: Pause. Smith looks at him.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: This is hard for you.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What part?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: All this truth. Truth is hard for
dialog: you.
dialog: (but now that he’s started
dialog: Felt wants to just keep
dialog: going)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: The targets went from Kissinger to
dialog: the FBI. And the FBI illegally,
dialog: unconstitutionally, and
text: reprehensibly bugged and taped and
dialog: secretly photographed and
dialog: memorialized every move those
dialog: people made. Them and their wives
dialog: and their mistresses and homosexual
dialog: lovers.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Who did the wiretaps, Mark?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Bill Sullivan.
dialog: (which now makes perfect
dialog: fucking sense)
text: It became a rogue FBI operation.
dialog: Sullivan drove it. Sullivan and the
dialog: White House. By themselves.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What about you?
dialog: (what about me?)
dialog: What did you know?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: About everything else I knew every
dialog: sordid little detail. But not this.
dialog: They knew they couldn’t tell me
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: They couldn’t count on you.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: This is when the darkness started
dialog: to creep in. This is when the rot
dialog: started to happen.
dialog: (and a long pause now, the
dialog: Big Truth coming)
dialog: The White House is packing all its
dialog: crimes in separate little boxes ...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Watergate, the spying, the
dialog: ugliness, the rot. Each thing in a
dialog: different box so no one can put it
dialog: together, so no one sees it’s all
dialog: connected ... and no one will care.
dialog: But it’s all the same big thing.
text: Smith stares. Humbled by all this truth himself now, so--
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: Watergate is just the gateway.
text: Smith puts down a fork. Or a cup.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Do you know physics, Sandy? If you
text: tap repeatedly on the post of a
text: building, and the beating is
text: relentless, it creates a rhythm, a
dialog: resonance-
dialog: (Felt starts to tap the
text: table, slowly, repeatedly
dialog: «+. tap ... tap ... tap)
dialog: If you do that long enough, and
dialog: steadily enough, it will feed-back,
dialog: the frequencies will align ... the
dialog: molecules will scramble ... and the
dialog: whole thing - the whole building -
dialog: will come apart from the inside and
dialog: collapse in on itself. And all come
text: tumbling down.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The molecules are beginning to
text: scramble. The FBI is coming apart.
dialog: You know where that takes us? You
dialog: want a country this big, this
dialog: angry, this confused, without a
dialog: police department?
dialog: (--)
dialog: Sometimes we have to betray the
dialog: thing we love, to save the thing we
dialog: love.
text: Which triggers a momentary collapse in Felt. A slow eye-
text: blink. He pats his own head. Then as quickly, embarrassed--
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: This - what you’re doing - will
dialog: bring down the whole house of
dialog: cards. The President’s surveillance
text: mania.
dialog: (--)
dialog: But then you already knew that.
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (tired)
dialog: The White House is a syndicate,
dialog: Sandy. It’s a criminal
dialog: organization.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Can you get out the story before
dialog: Gray’s confirmation hearing?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: One week.
dialog: (and Felt gets up, and--)
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE (MOVING) - WASHINGTON, D.C. - DAY 138
dialog: 
scene_heading: TITLE: FEBRUARY 28, 1973
text: Felt and Gray in back. Along with two of Gray’s flacks. Gray
text: pouring over a legal pad of notes.
text: Felt stares out the window as the Capitol comes into view.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Any last-minute advice?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: We've gone over everything. They’11l
dialog: go easy; you’re the President's
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: GRAY’S FLACK
dialog: What about this?
text: And pulls out the Smith TIME Magazine story. WE PUSH IN on
text: the lead header: “Secret Wiretapping by the FBI”.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I don’t know what my position
dialog: should be.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: It was before your time. Tell the
dialog: truth. No one can argue with the
dialog: truth.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE - DAY 139
dialog: 
text: Gray is perspiring. It’s going badly. He’s like a boxer in
text: the 8th round taking a serious beating.
dialog: 106.
text: Arrayed before him, seven U.S. SENATORS, a dozen
text: PHOTOGRAPHERS, 100 SPECTATORS at his back. CAMERA FINDS FELT
text: in the gallery.
speaker_heading: SENATOR 1
dialog: (irate; a Woodward/Wash
dialog: Post clipping in his
dialog: hands )
dialog: And what about the assertion in
dialog: this article that a White House
dialog: aide slipped Donald Segretti, a
dialog: target of the Bureau’s Watergate
dialog: investigation, copies of what the
dialog: FBI had?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (unsteady )
dialog: Uh, we didn’t look into that.
speaker_heading: SENATOR 1
dialog: Why on earth not?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I’1l have to look into that.
speaker_heading: SENATOR 1
dialog: Did you know the White House had
dialog: your confidential files?
dialog: 
text: Gray looks to Felt. Felt glances away
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I did, yes, Senator.
text: (and pauses, unfocused;
dialog: desperately wanting to
dialog: please)
dialog: Um, let me tell you how it might
dialog: have happened.
speaker_heading: SENATOR 1
dialog: Please do.
dialog: (and as we continue, we
dialog: quickly see--)
scene_heading: 140 EXT. PARK, WASHINGTON, D.C. - DAY - LONG SHOT 140
text: Gray and Dean sitting side by side on a bench. Gray carries a
dialog: briefcase, Dean a big envelope. As we’re hearing--
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: GRAY (OVER)
dialog: White House counsel John Dean told
dialog: me the White House wanted
dialog: everything the FBI had on
dialog: Watergate. To help with its own
dialog: investigation.
dialog: (should stop talking, but)
dialog: It was the President’s wish. So Mr.
dialog: Dean took all those FBI files
text: Gray puts the briefcase on the ground. Dean opens. Looks
text: through the contents, closes it again. Now back to
speaker_heading: THE HEARING
dialog: Close on FELT as--
speaker_heading: SENATOR 1
dialog: I’m confused. How did Mr. Dean, a
dialog: potential target of the
dialog: investigation, come to possess FBI
dialog: files about that investigation?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Because I gave them to him.
text: Something big is happening. The room can feel it.
speaker_heading: SENATOR 1
dialog: (grave)
dialog: How many Bureau reports are we
dialog: talking about? How many reports did
dialog: you give Mr. Dean?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I believe it was eighty-two.
speaker_heading: SENATOR 1
dialog: As Acting Director of the FBI, why
dialog: on earth would you do that?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Because I was told to.
speaker_heading: SENATOR 1
dialog: By who?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: The President.
text: That's it. The room ERUPTS. But we’re holding on Felt.
dialog: 141
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: SENATOR 2
dialog: So, if I have this right, Mr. Dean
dialog: purposely mis-led the FBI. Lied to
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (before he thinks--)
dialog: I would have to conclude that
dialog: probably is correct, yes sir.
text: The room is electric. As we start to intercut with--
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - CHRISTMAS DAY 141
text: A dozen stockings dangle over a fireplace. Gray - in cardigan
text: with reindeers - approaching with an armful of wrapping
text: paper. Tosses it all onto the fire, now contemplating the
dialog: flames, as we go back to--
speaker_heading: THE HEARING
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I do understand, though, that the
dialog: materials you’re talking about were
text: kept in a safe in the White House.
speaker_heading: SENATOR 2
dialog: And how would you know that?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I know because Mr. Dean gave those
dialog: and other files to me.
dialog: (and now back to--)
text: THE CABIN. Where Gray is left standing at the fire cradling a
text: small stack of files stamped “TOP SECRET. EYES ONLY.” And
text: starts to read. Then wishes he hadn't.
text: And now simply throws all that into the flames, and now smash
dialog: back to--
speaker_heading: THE HEARING
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: He told me they should never see
dialog: the light of day. He told me to
dialog: ‘deep six’ the files. To destroy
dialog: them.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: I burned them at my vacation home.
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
text: There it is. Like a bomb going off, the room explodes. Felt -
dialog: who set this up all along - is the one still point in the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. - MORNING - FELT’S BUICK
text: Crossing the Potomac.
scene_heading: TITLE: APRIL 30, 1973
text: As we follow it past the Capitol, the White House, and into
dialog: the FBI HQ--
speaker_heading: NIXON (OVER)
dialog: Today, in one of the most difficult
dialog: decisions of my presidency, I
dialog: accepted the resignations of two of
dialog: my closest associates in the White
dialog: House -- John Ehrlichman, Bob
dialog: Haldeman -- two of the finest
dialog: public servants it has been my
dialog: privilege to know. The counsel to
dialog: the president, John Dean, has also
dialog: resigned.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY TO ELEVATOR - FBI HQ - CONTINUOUS
text: Felt approaches the elevator doors. WE HEAR footsteps.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN (0.S.)
dialog: So the President asks me what he
dialog: should do--
dialog: (Felt slows, feels
dialog: Sullivan behind him)
dialog: And I tell him to get rid of
dialog: everyone. In the interests of the
dialog: nation. I didn't mean me, of
dialog: course.
text: Felt has reached the elevator. He presses the button.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN (CONT’D)
dialog: You don't have many friends left,
dialog: you know. A bunch of your FBI pals
dialog: told me I should cut your nuts off.
dialog: (--)
dialog: They gonna let you keep your badge?
dialog: (Felt turns now,
dialog: imperious)
dialog: You got a lotta people Washington
dialog: worried. They think you're going to
text: come out and unwrap everything.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Everything from all the years.
dialog: Everything we [you and I] know.
dialog: (as Felt steps into the
dialog: elevator)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Is that what you want to know,
dialog: Bill? This your last little errand?
dialog: To help everyone sleep at night?
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Just saying. You open those scabs,
dialog: there’s a lot of things underneath.
text: Doors finally open. And as Felt steps in, and doors close--
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Just remember. No one likes
dialog: informers. They only remember you
dialog: as a rat. Even if you were their
dialog: rat.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - FELT HOME - DAY _ 144
text: Felt enters. Puts down his briefcase. Hangs up his hat and
text: coat. Crosses to Audrey at the table. A day like any other.
text: Felt sits in front of a tall Manhattan. Pulls at the drink.
text: He takes out his list of California commune addresses now and
text: spreads it out on the table between them. That one address
dialog: circled now: “Genesis Commune, Ben Lomand."
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I found her.
text: (she goes still; a long
dialog: beat; disbelief--)
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You found her. Alive? Is she in
dialog: trouble?
text: Felt eyes moisten, grateful. He shakes his head, No.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: How long have you known?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: A week.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: A week? Mark?? You can play games
dialog: with all of them--
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 145
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: (points outside)
dialog: But--
dialog: (she starts to cry)
dialog: I’m her mother.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: It wasn’t safe.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: For who?
text: Beat. Audrey’s silent.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Let’s just go get our baby.
scene_heading: EXT. GENESIS COMMUNE - BEN LOMAND, CA - DAY
text: Empty hills, wild flowers, azure sky.
dialog: lll.
dialog: 145
text: TWO YOUNG BEAUTIFUL WOMEN sit in a field, completely naked,
dialog: nursing INFANTS, sharing a joint. We know one from
speaker_heading: JOAN FELT,
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Hey look.
dialog: pictures.
text: A cloud of dust on the horizon. Then a car snaking over the
text: intermeshed hills. A government sedan. We make out a MAN at
dialog: the wheel,
text: a female PASSENGER.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh my god.
dialog: (slowly to her feet)
dialog: It’s my parents.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Anti-Christ? Really?!
dialog: (squints)
dialog: How can you tell?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Just promise me you’1l remember. No
dialog: matter what: our bodies are
dialog: beautiful.
dialog: (and)
dialog: And don’t fall in love with him.
dialog: All my friends fall in love with
dialog: him.
text: Joan defiant. They half-dress. Car stops. Felt and
text: out. He in his FBI suit. She with white gloves and pill box
dialog: hat.
dialog: Audrey get
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: That’s your dad?? He’s gorgeous!
text: Felt can’t get to Joan fast enough. Walking first. Then he
text: runs. And without a word or permission he just wraps her and
text: the baby in his arms, just like that. And starts to cry. And
text: by the sheer force of his love Joan relents and collapses
text: into him, just like that.
text: Audrey holds onto the car door, paralyzed.
text: WIDE & LONG - THREE HIPPIE MEN jogging out from the commune.
speaker_heading: FELT & JOAN
text: Felt takes off his jacket, trades it for the baby. Felt lifts
text: the baby to the sky, laughing.
text: They turn and walk to Audrey. Felt holds the baby out to her.
text: Audrey stares at the child. Hands pinned to her sides.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Mark?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: This is your grandson.
text: Felt presses the baby to Audrey’s breast, takes one of her
text: arms and wraps it around the child.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Audrey, this is Ludi.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: You sent the FBI after me?
text: (Felt, smiling, shakes,
dialog: No)
dialog: Then how did you find me?
text: And Felt takes out one of the envelopes he’s been addressing.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: One didn’t come back.
text: Felt opens his arms and pulls both his women into him. The
text: two women collapsing against each other.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Whatever happened, whatever I did,
dialog: whatever we did - or didn’t do -
dialog: I’m sorry - we’re sorry. We need
dialog: you. Your mother and I need you
dialog: now.
dialog: 146
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: EXT. GENESIS COMMUNE, BEN LOMAND, CA - DAY 146
text: Felt strolling, contemplative, alone, among the shelters and
text: playing kids. Jacket over his shoulder. Shoulder holster
text: visible but empty. While--
text: Audrey on a bench. Holding Ludi. With her gloves and pill-box
text: hat. Joan beside her.
text: She’s a little drunk. Joan knows. Joan looks at her a little
dialog: sadly, then at Felt--
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I had this feeling when I was
dialog: little, that I couldn’t see into
dialog: his eyes. That he didn’t approve of
dialog: me. He was always holding me up to
dialog: some impossible standard.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: That was me.
dialog: (--)
dialog: When you were sick, and you were
dialog: little, it was your father who
dialog: climbed into bed with you. In his
text: shoes. His holster. His suit. He’d
dialog: sit with you for hours and rock you
dialog: til you fell asleep again.
text: Joan looks at Felt. As if to ask, what did you do?
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: I used to dress you up. Remember
dialog: how you used to come downstairs and
dialog: show off your new clothes?
dialog: (Felt--)
dialog: He adored you. He thought you could
dialog: be the first female President--
dialog: (--)
dialog: I wanted you to be [like me][a
dialog: movie star].
text: They both watch Felt stroll. Joan touches her mother’s knee.
dialog: Connection. And pity.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: He talks to me. You know how he is.
dialog: I’m the only one he can really talk
dialog: to.
dialog: (and then--)
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: EXT. GENESIS COMMUNE - BEN LOMAND, CA - DAY 147
dialog: 
text: Joan gets out of a VW van with DOUGLAS GILLIES: pony tail,
text: beard. 27 but looks 18. Joan leads him toward a converted
text: chicken coop, long and low. Stops at the door. Gillies
dialog: hesitates, then--
scene_heading: INT. JOAN’S BUNK - GENESIS COMMUNE - SAME 148
dialog: 
text: Joan and Gillies enter to find Felt sitting in the miniature
text: room, an empty chair across from him.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Daddy, this is my friend. He’s a
dialog: lawyer.
speaker_heading: GILLIES
dialog: Douglas Gillies.
dialog: (and as Felt takes him in)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: When did you graduate from law
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: GILLIES
dialog: Ten months ago.
text: Felt sighs, stands - has to stoop - shakes Gillies’ hand.
speaker_heading: GILLIES (CONT’D)
dialog: Look, I didn’t want to come. You
dialog: stand for everything I despise. I
dialog: came because I admire your
dialog: daughter, and she asked me.
dialog: (and Felt, as if he simply
dialog: chose not to hear that,
dialog: says--)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Have a seat.
dialog: (when he’s down)
dialog: I need to consult an attorney.
dialog: (and hands him a dollar)
dialog: I am now protected by attorney-
dialog: client privilege. Whatever I say to
dialog: you, you can never tell a living
dialog: soul without my permission.
speaker_heading: GILLIES
dialog: I know that. But why me?
text: Felt looks at Gillies. His strong, almost Job-like presence.
text: Felt shifts in his chair, more and more uncomfortable.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Because you are now - as my lawyer -
dialog: the only person in America I can
dialog: trust.
dialog: (and doesn’t quite know
dialog: how to react to that
dialog: strange and terrible
dialog: irony)
dialog: I’ve been in the FBI Longer than
dialog: you've been alive. I live according
dialog: to a code. There are things an FBI
dialog: man does and doesn’t do. It’s black
dialog: and white.
dialog: (rambling)
dialog: But there’s loyalty. And then
dialog: there’s duty. There are things
dialog: bigger than ourselves. Can you
dialog: understand that?
speaker_heading: GILLIES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’ve done something - things - that
dialog: cannot be undone. But I want to
dialog: know what I’ve done.
dialog: (and looks up at him)
dialog: Am I the man I think I am?
text: Pause. Gillies takes in this man in obvious pain.
speaker_heading: GILLIES
dialog: You want to know about your soul.
dialog: (--)
dialog: You want to know who is going to
dialog: forgive you.
text: Felt looks through the slats in the barn wall. Catches
text: fragments of Audrey quietly coming close, trying to hear.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: I don’t need a lawyer. I need a
dialog: priest.
text: And now we begin to HEAR in PRE-LAP:
speaker_heading: NIXON (PRE-LAP) (OVER)
dialog: I have never been a quitter. To
dialog: leave office before my term is
dialog: completed is abhorrent to every
dialog: instinct in my body.
dialog: (and cut to)
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: EXT. GENESIS COMMUNE - BEN LOMAND, CA - DAY 149
dialog: 
text: Felt in the doorway of Joan’s coop, watching Gillies’ van
text: disappear over the hills. His expression relaxed, unburdened.
speaker_heading: NIXON (OVER)
dialog: But as President, I must put the
dialog: interest of America first.
dialog: (continuing over)
text: Joan stepping into Felt, and Felt puts his arm around her--
speaker_heading: NIXON (OVER) (CONT’D)
dialog: Therefore, I shall resign the
dialog: Presidency effective at noon
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: (continuing as we go to--)
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - FBI HQ - DAY 150
dialog: 
text: Felt’s retirement party, subdued and sparsely attended.
speaker_heading: NIXON (OVER)
dialog: Vice President Ford will be sworn
dialog: in as President at that hour in
dialog: this office.
dialog: (continuing over--)
text: Felt shaking lots of hands, smiling with grace. No one making
dialog: eye contact. Now cut to-
text: Audrey sits in the corner by herself. Then--
speaker_heading: NIXON (OVER) (CONT’D)
dialog: But as President, I must put the
dialog: interest of America first.
text: Felt is presented with a plaque, a watch.
text: Now Felt and new DIRECTOR posing for the requisite hand-shake
text: wall photo. FLASH! And HOLD. Then to black, and, over black--
speaker_heading: NIXON (PRE-LAP) (CONT'D)
dialog: I would say only that if some of my
dialog: judgments were wrong, and some were
dialog: wrong, they were made in what I
dialog: believed at the time to be the best
dialog: interest of the Nation.
dialog: (and up to--)
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, FELT’S HOME - DAY 151
text: Felt facing the TV. Casual slacks, slippers. Dinner and a
text: high-ball on the TV tray.
scene_heading: TITLE: AUGUST 8, 1974
text: On the tube is Nixon.
text: Audrey comes up behind Felt, hands on his shoulders. And as
text: Nixon talks, Audrey holds onto him, forehead against his
text: back, as though to keep him from floating away. HOLD, then
dialog: cut to--
text: O.S. LOUD DOOR KNOCK. Felt crosses to the door and opens on--
text: Angie Lano. Matches Felt’s imperiousness with his own.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Mr. Lano.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: Mr. Felt.
dialog: (and then--)
scene_heading: EXT. FELT HOME - DAY 152
text: Felt - now in a suit - follows Lano across the lawn to a
text: waiting car.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: What’s this really about?
text: Lano cocks his head at the irony of the moment.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: You tell me. You were the boss.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’ll take my car.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: Why don’t you ride with me.
text: (and Felt looks at Lano’s
dialog: car)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’m not getting in there with you.
speaker_heading: LANO
dialog: I wouldn't be here if you had a
dialog: choice.
text: Audrey appears in the doorway.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: LANO (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘1l have him back in a couple
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You have no idea what you're doing!
dialog: (she doesn’t appreciate
dialog: the irony of the moment,
dialog: but Felt does--)
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Sure he does.
scene_heading: 153 INT. FEDERAL COURTHOUSE, WASHINGTON DC - DAY 153
dialog: 
dialog: Beyond a rope barrier - ‘Restricted - Grand Jury and
text: Witnesses Only’ - the hallway is populated by nervous FBI
text: AGENTS and their LAWYERS. It’s quiet and tense.
text: Felt approaches, marching down the hall. Charlie Bates,
text: nervously smoking, intercepts.
speaker_heading: BATES
dialog: What are you doing? You shouldn't
dialog: be here.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: They're charging you?
dialog: (and as Bates says
dialog: nothing)
dialog: Get out of my way, Mr. Bates.
text: Felt marches for three FEDERAL PROSECUTORS huddling outside
text: the courtroom. All hungry Top Guns in their early 30's.
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Which one’s Pottinger?
text: STAN POTTINGER, 33, hip-smart New Yorker turns.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: Jesus, look who’s here. Mark Felt.
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’m going to testify.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: We didn’t subpoena you.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I’m aware of that.
text: (looks over at Bates and a
dialog: few others)
dialog: They were following orders. Why
dialog: don’t you go after the guy who was
dialog: giving them?
speaker_heading: GARDNER
speaker_heading: (Prosecutor BILL GARDNER)
dialog: And who’s that, you?
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: Don’t answer that!
dialog: (steps closer)
dialog: Where’s your lawyer?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I am a lawyer.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: Where is your lawyer.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I don’t need one.
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: You will now.
text: Pottinger pulls Felt out of earshot.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: I can wallpaper my house with a
dialog: list of the civil rights the FBI
dialog: violated. If it were up to me you
dialog: and Hoover and Bill Sullivan would
dialog: rot in jail.
dialog: (--)
dialog: But it’s in your interests - and
dialog: for some reason the Attorney
dialog: General thinks it’s in the nation’s
dialog: - to keep you out of it.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I was keeping you and your kids
dialog: safe at night. But what you’re
dialog: doing--
dialog: (points at the agents)
dialog: --is a witch-hunt.
dialog: (his swagger)
dialog: It happened. I made it happen. Put
dialog: me on the stand. I’1l take my
dialog: chances with the jury.
dialog: 154
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND JURY ROOM - DAY 154
text: Felt ram-rod straight in the witness chair. Alone before the
text: 23 diverse and sleepy AMERICANS of the grand jury.
dialog: We're deep into Felt’s testimony.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: Counter-espionage expert, Nazi-
dialog: hunter--
dialog: (half-facetious)
dialog: You are the G-Man’s G-Man, Mr.
dialog: Felt. A patriot and a hero. And we
dialog: are a grateful nation.
text: One or two jurors actually applaud. Gardner stands.
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, for the last
dialog: few weeks you have heard through
dialog: testimony the sounds of the bombs
speaker_heading: of the PLO and Weather Underground
dialog: ringing in your ears. People died.
dialog: We were a nation at war, at home
dialog: and abroad. We don’t dispute that.
dialog: Now we ask you to listen for the
dialog: sound of the Constitution.
dialog: (pauses for effect)
dialog: Hear that? It doesn't make quite as
dialog: much noise as a bomb, does it? It
dialog: just sits there silent, like our
dialog: conscience, as it's done for two
dialog: hundred years.
dialog: (turns to Felt)
dialog: Mr. Felt, on September 8, 1972, did
dialog: you instruct 143 FBI agents across
dialog: the country to break into the homes
dialog: of relatives of alleged members of
dialog: the Weather Underground, to wiretap
dialog: their phones and bug their homes?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GARDNER FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: Who else? (combative)
dialog: Who else what?
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: Participated in giving those
dialog: orders?
dialog: (Felt says nothing, so--)
dialog: Assistant Director Edward Miller.
dialog: 121.
text: INTERCUT MILLER leaning against a wall in the hallway. Then--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I gave the order.
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: Acting Director L. Patrick Gray
dialog: Iii.
text: INTERCUT GRAY sitting in his barcalounger at home. Then--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I gave the order.
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: Charles Bates.
dialog: (INTERCUT Bates at his
dialog: desk at the FBI)
speaker_heading: GARDNER (CONT'D)
dialog: You're going to just take the
dialog: bullet for everybody?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I gave the order.
text: Pause. Enough. Now Pottinger is up.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: You mentioned you frequently
dialog: briefed the Nixon White House
dialog: during the case. While we're on
dialog: that subject, why don’t you give us
text: a quick snapshot of how that
dialog: worked.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I was in constant contact with the
dialog: White House on many matters.
text: And then this thing happens to Felt. For the first time his
text: curtain of impenetrability drops. His eyes lose focus. He
text: begins to sweat. His hands clench. Slacken. Clench, and--
speaker_heading: FELT (CONT'D)
dialog: In fact, I was in the Oval Office
dialog: so often people used to say I had
dialog: to be Deep Throat.
dialog: (a hesitation-what??-then)
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: What did you just say?
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: I said I was with the White House -
dialog: Dean and so forth - so often people
dialog: thought I was the Washington Post
dialog: source for Watergate. The guy they
dialog: called Deep Throat.
text: Stop. Pottinger just stares. Confused by what he’s heard.
dialog: Then, because he’s not sure what else to do--
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: (to the Grand Jury)
dialog: Before we dismiss the witness, are
dialog: there any question from the jury?
text: MIDDLE-AGED JUROR raises his hand.
speaker_heading: JUROR
dialog: Well, were you?
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Was I what?
dialog: (and who are you to ask me
dialog: a thing--)
speaker_heading: JUROR
dialog: Were you Deep Throat?
dialog: (and--)
text: STOP. STAY ON POTTINGER. A long silence. His hands busy with
text: notes. But Felt isn’t answering, so now Pottinger looks up to-
text: FELT. Who is looking down. His face red. Moist. As--
text: POTTINGER leans forward now, sensing something--
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: (weak)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: WAIT! ... STOP!
text: (and Pottinger leaps up,
dialog: points at the steno)
dialog: Off the record!
speaker_heading: GARDNER POTTINGER (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell’re you doing? I’m not sure--
text: What he’s doing is marching straight at Felt. And we’re--
text: CLOSE ON FELT & POTTINGER. Faces three inches apart. A bead
text: of sweat traces down Felt’s forehead.
dialog: 155
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER (CONT'D)
dialog: (low; just them)
dialog: I'm going to remind you that
dialog: perjury is a Class A felony. But I
dialog: also consider the question that man
dialog: just asked you outside the specific
dialog: scope of this investigation. So if
dialog: it is your wish that I have the
dialog: question withdrawn, and your answer
dialog: stricken from the record, I will do
dialog: so. I will make it like it never
dialog: happened. No one will know.
text: Felt won’t look Pottinger in the eye.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER (CONT'D)
dialog: (whisper now)
dialog: I think I understand what’s at
dialog: stake here now. Do you?
text: A long excruciating beat. Felt’s furious at himself.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Withdraw the question.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: I need you to repeat that. I need
dialog: to be sure. Say it again.
speaker_heading: FELT
dialog: Withdraw the question.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER
dialog: Jesus christ.
text: Pottinger stares at Felt. He now knows America’s most
text: dangerous and valuable secret. The “Antichrist” is his
dialog: fucking hero. Felt is Deep Throat.
speaker_heading: POTTINGER (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Other questions for this witness?
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL COURTHOUSE, WASHINGTON DC - DAY 155
text: A dozen FBI AGENTS mill about the sidewalk. BOB WOODWARD
text: standing around with a couple of REPORTERS.
text: Limo PULLS UP. Out steps Felt. Then Miller. Gray. Audrey and
text: Pat Miller already there waiting on the sidewalk. As we hear--
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: GARDNER (OVER)
dialog: Fifteen counts of conspiracy to
dialog: violate the constitutional rights
dialog: of Americans...
dialog: (and now cut to--)
scene_heading: ANGIE LANO LEADING THEM THROUGH FINGERPRINTING, as-- 156
text: Audrey & Joan (and Pat Miller) behind a slab of glass. Bitter
text: disbelief. Woodward behind them, doing his job.
text: Audrey's mouth is moving. But we can't hear what with. She’s
text: trying to get Felt’s attention. Joan trying to calm her. Now
text: we make out - muffled through glass - what she’s yelling:
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Tell them who you are! Tell them
dialog: what you did!
text: Felt turns straight at the camera, defiant.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell! Them! Who! You! Are!
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL COURTHOUSE, WASHINGTON DC - CONTINUOUS 157
dialog: 
text: Felt emerges first with Audrey and Joan, Millers next, then
text: Gray and his wife. Long walk down a dark corridor.
text: To meet 300 FBI AGENTS spilling into the street.
text: There is no noise. This is eerie. Then they begin to CLAP, in
text: unison, a long string of unending claps. As Felt steps into
text: and through the crowd, across this tableau:
speaker_heading: END CRAWL
dialog: * Mark Felt was convicted of conspiracy for ordering
dialog: unconstitutional break-ins against the Weather Underground,
dialog: fined, and sentenced to 10 years in prison.
dialog: * Newly elected Ronald Reagan pardoned Felt in his first act
dialog: as President of the United States.
text: * Shortly after, Audrey Felt shot herself in the head with
text: Felt’s FBI-issue revolver.
dialog: * In 2005, at the age of 92, Felt finally revealed he was the
text: Washington Post source on Watergate known as “Deep Throat”.
dialog: * Felt spent his last years living with his daughter, Joan,
dialog: and her children. He died December 18, 2008.
speaker_heading: END
dialog: 
