speaker_heading: MR. NOBODY
dialog: Written by
dialog: Jaco Van Dormael
dialog: Version 11
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 1 - INT. LABORATORY — DAY
text: SCIENCE PROGRAM, over the OPENING CREDITS:
text: A pigeon in a lab cage is pressing a lever. A seed falls into its
text: dish. The bird gobbles it down and repeats the process. The
text: scientist then sets a timer: a seed is released automatically
text: every twenty seconds. The pigeon, flapping its wings, observes the
dialog: seed.
speaker_heading: VOICE OF ADULT NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Like most living creatures, the
dialog: pigeon quickly associates the
text: pressing of the lever and the
dialog: reward. This is Pavlov’s well-known
dialog: “conditioned reflex.” But when a
dialog: timer releases a seed
dialog: automatically, every twenty
dialog: seconds, the pigeon wonders: “What
dialog: did I do to deserve this?” If it *
text: was flapping its wings at the time,
dialog: it will continue to flap, convinced *
dialog: that its actions have a decisive *
dialog: influence on what happens. We call *
dialog: this “PIGEON SUPERSTITION.”
text: The pigeon flaps its wings continually as the seeds fall *
text: automatically into its dish.
scene_heading: END OF OPENING CREDITS AND TITLE: “MR. NOBODY” *
speaker_heading: 2 - PROLOGUE
text: 2A - A morgue. An unidentified body. It bears only one shoe, which
text: is too small. The door of the refrigerated room closes on him.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (OFF)
dialog: What did I do to deserve this? *
text: 2B - A man of thirty-six - NEMO - opens his eyes. He is running
dialog: down train tracks.
text: A train rushes toward him with a deafening roar, blinding him.
text: Just as he is about to be crushed, he wakes up...
text: 2C - He opens his eyes. He is behind the wheel of a car, his
text: seatbelt on, underwater in a river. The windshield bursts and
text: water pours into the car... He drowns...
text: 2D - He wakes up underwater, sits up... He is in his bathtub. He
text: coughs, spits out water. A stranger opens the door and shoots him
dialog: in the chest...
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: 2F - He wakes up. He is in a free-fall in complete darkness, in
text: his bathrobe, turning in the void. Below him, a swimming pool.
dialog: Empty...
text: 2G - He wakes up... An alarm. He is at the controls of a
text: spaceship. Meteorites are crashing into the vessel, the wide
text: cockpit window shatters. The vessel explodes. AN ALARM sounds. *
scene_heading: 3 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Hologram of an alarm clock going off. An old man’s hand gropes
text: around, turns it off. The old man walks clumsily in the dark
text: bumping into things. He sees his clothes on a chair, next to a
text: pair of slippers. He goes to the sink. He turns on the light and
text: suddenly sees his face in the mirror. It is Nemo. He is extremely
text: old. He is one hundred and twenty years old... He touches his
text: face, trembling, stunned. He panics.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: No... NO...
scene_heading: 4 - INT. PSYCHIATRIST’S OFFICE — DAY
text: Subjective point of view. A kind-looking psychiatrist, DR.
text: FELDHEIM, a man of about fifty, sits facing us, looking at us. He
text: is taking notes, sitting in a chair. A small video camera is
text: recording the interview. Words from the exchange write themselves
text: on what looks like a computer.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: How’s it been going since last *
dialog: week?
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: ?! ... We know each other?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: We see each other every week.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Since when?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Since I started working here. I’m *
dialog: Dr. Feldheim. And who are you? *
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Nobody. Nemo Nobody.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: That’s an unusual name. Don’t you *
dialog: think? *
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Sometimes people call me Mr. *
scene_heading: Craft... C.R.A.F.T... *
speaker_heading: DOCTOR *
dialog: Uh?... *
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF) *
dialog: “Can’t Remember A Fucking Thing.” *
text: The doctor smiles, amused.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: What was the first question I asked
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: I don’t know. *
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Can you tell me how old you are?
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Thirty-six. I was born in 1972.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Would you mind looking at your
dialog: hands? You don’t have to if you
dialog: don’t want to.
text: Nemo’s hands come into the frame, into the subjective point of
text: view. His hands are old and wrinkled. They are shaking.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT.)
dialog: There’s a mirror in front of you,
dialog: if you’d like to use it.
text: Nemo does not want to look. He hides his eyes.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT.)
dialog: What year is this?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: This is 2008... I’m thirty-six, I
dialog: was born February 9, 1972...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: So I guess it’s your birthday. *
text: The doctor hands him a newspaper: it is a slim, lightweight liquid
text: crystal screen... Nemo looks at the date on the “newspaper” on
text: which text and animated images mingle. At the top we read
text: “February 9, 2092.” There is a picture of old Nemo on the front
text: page, above a headline that reads: “THE LAST MORTAL.”
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I’m thirty-six! ... I’ve got to
dialog: wake up! ... To wake up! *
text: We hear an alarm clock going off.
scene_heading: 5 - INT. ADULT NEMO’S BEDROOM — DAY
text: Nemo wakes with a start. His alarm clock is ringing. Nemo is
text: thirty-six. He catches his breath. His wife, ELISE, is sleeping
text: next to him. He parts the curtains.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Don’t, Nemo... The sun hurts my
dialog: eyes.
text: He closes the curtains and goes into the bathroom. He turns on the
text: light. He looks at himself in the mirror, reassured.
dialog: Continued CREDITS run over:
scene_heading: 6 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — DAY
text: Music. Nemo is setting the breakfast table for five, his gestures
text: smooth and confident. He squeezes fresh orange juice, cooks some
text: eggs. He is in a good mood.
text: 6A - He wakes his three children, JOYCE, age twelve, EVE, age
text: eight, and NOAH, age six. He gets them dressed, full of gusto. He
text: has them laughing.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: (yelling up the stairs
dialog: I’m driving the kids to school.
dialog: Noah, put on your coat.
text: 6B - Nemo grabs the day’s mail as he goes out and looks through it
text: distractedly.
scene_heading: 7 - EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE SCHOOL — DAY
text: Nemo drops his children off at school. They kiss good-bye. He
text: drives away.
scene_heading: 8 - EXT. TOWN INTERSECTION — DAY
text: He looks at his watch. It is bizarrely divided into seven hours
text: instead of twelve. He looks at the clock on the church tower. It
text: also has a seven-hour face. Nemo is puzzled. In the sky are two
dialog: suns.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: 8A - Nemo turns a corner onto a wide avenue lined with tall
text: buildings. The end of the avenue is under construction. The
text: workmen look at him. The few cars on the road are all stopped.
text: Nemo gets out of his car. An electric billboard on a building
text: displays running text between flashing ads. The giant letters
scene_heading: spell out: “N...E...M...0... 22-T...U...R...N-..
text: ». A...R...0...U...N...D...” Nemo watches the letters going by,
text: puzzled. Passersby stare at him. They walk strangely (backwards).
text: Nemo turns around and sees a tramp on the other side of the
text: street. The tramp’s face is Nemo’s. Nemo can’t believe his eyes.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Hey!
text: The tramp continues on his way, dragging his things behind him. He
text: goes into a building under construction. Nemo crosses the street
text: and enters the same building.
text: 8B - A security guard tries to keep him out, but Nemo pushes past
text: him and goes inside.
text: There is nothing on the other side of the building. The facade is
text: a set, panels and planks held up by buttresses. Behind it lies a
text: beach, and then the sea. Nemo’s footsteps in the sand precede him.
text: He erases them as he walks. There are two suns.
text: 8C - The sea is cut up into enormous blocks carried by
text: helicopters. The latter are assembling the sea. An alarm clock
text: goes off in the distance.
scene_heading: 9 - INT. ADULT NEMO’S BEDROOM — DAY
text: Nemo wakes with a start. His alarm clock is going off. The scene
text: is identical. Elise is sleeping next to him. Nemo goes through the
text: same motions. He opens the curtains.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Don’t, Nemo... The sun hurts my
dialog: eyes.
text: Nemo closes the curtains. We stay with Elise, who turns her back
text: to him. Her eyes are open. Tears run down her cheeks. Nemo does
text: not see her crying. He wants to turn on the light in the bathroom,
text: but bizarrely, the switch is no longer to the left of the door,
text: but to the right. He looks at himself in the mirror.
scene_heading: 10 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — DAY
text: Nemo is squeezing oranges. He is less lively than the previous
text: time. He drops an eggshell in the omelet.
text: 10A - He wakes the three children. He gets them dressed.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: Just as Nemo reaches the door to pick up the mail, he sees a big
text: envelope slip inside under it. Nemo looks at it, puzzled. He
text: glances through the window.
text: 10B - Nemo just catches a glimpse of an old man dressed as a
text: mailman. The man looks like old Nemo. He is walking backwards,
dialog: “back through time.”
text: Nemo opens the envelope. He removes a photograph of himself with a
text: different haircut and different clothes, in a big garden with two
text: children and an unknown woman... Nemo doesn’t understand. His
text: children are running around him, yelling and playing. Nemo cannot
text: take his eyes off the picture.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Paul, keep it down! *
text: The little boy, on whose T-shirt we read “Noah,” stops and looks
text: at his father.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: My name’s not Paul!
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Paul?
text: Nemo closes his eyes...
scene_heading: 11 - EXT. NEMO AND JEAN’S GARDEN — DAY
speaker_heading: PAUL (OFF)
dialog: Daddy? ... Daddy? *
speaker_heading: JEAN (OFF)
dialog: Paul, don’t wake your father!
text: Nemo opens his eyes. A little boy of seven, PAUL, is looking at
text: him. Nemo was asleep on a chaise lounge, beside a swimming pool in
text: a vast property, a glass of fruit juice in his hand. Nemo sees the
text: woman from the picture, JEAN, approaching.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Anna?
text: Nemo is terrified. The woman looks surprised.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: It’s me, Jean...
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Jean? ... Am I dead?
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Go back and play, Paul.
dialog: (Paul wanders off)
dialog: Who’s Anna?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Anna? wee I don’t know anyone
dialog: called Anna...
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You’re still tired, Nemo. You need
dialog: to rest.
text: She looks at him, a moment of silence.
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT.)
dialog: I’ll turn the television on for
dialog: you. Call me if you need anything.
dialog: I’m going inside, the sun hurts my
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: The sun hurts my eyes.
text: She turns on a television sitting on a garden table. She turns it
text: to the stock market news and walks away. Nemo surfs.
text: 11A - Images of a huge accident. Dozens of cars are burning on a
text: bridge. Nemo channel hops. He stops on a nature program. Lionesses
text: are circling a gazelle. The lionesses move in closer, threatening.
text: In the background, to the same rhythm, dark silhouetted figures
dialog: approach Nemo.
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT.)
dialog: Nemo, your friends are here, and my
dialog: father, too...
dialog: (She kisses her father hello)
dialog: Hello dad. He hasn’t said a thing.
text: The silhouetted figures circle Nemo. Nemo doesn’t look at them.
text: One of the men kneels down and positions himself in Nemo’s field
dialog: of vision.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Hello Nemo. How are you feeling
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: NEMO
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Do you know who I am?
dialog: *
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: Nemo doesn’t answer. He tries to keep watching the television.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK (CONT.)
dialog: We’re all very worried about you,
dialog: Nemo. Everyone hopes you’1l be back
text: in the office soon.
text: An older man, JEAN’S FATHER, leans toward Nemo with a serious air.
speaker_heading: JEAN’S FATHER
dialog: It’s collapsing. We’ve got to sell,
dialog: Nemo. You’re the one who has the
dialog: signature. We need the secret code.
text: Nemo doesn’t move a muscle.
speaker_heading: JEAN'S FATHER (CONT.)
dialog: (aggravated)
dialog: The code, Nemo... Do you remember
dialog: the code?
scene_heading: 12 - FLASH — EXT. STREET, ADULT ANNA — DAY
text: Bits of numbers. Then the number “12358” on the facade of a house.
scene_heading: 13 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — DAY
text: Old Nemo is sleeping. Sensors are hooked up to his forehead and
text: connected to a machine. Numbers run by. Needles are moving back
text: and forth, drawing peaks on the paper. Two white shadows approach
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (OFF)
text: He’s dreaming.
text: Nemo’s eyeballs are agitated.
scene_heading: 14 - EXT. TRAIN STATION PLATFORM — DAY
text: The feet of a running child. CHILD NEMO is SEVEN. He is running
text: down the platform, trying to catch a departing train.
scene_heading: 15 - INT. CITY/MISC. — DAY
text: The image is broadcast on television. Clients in a café watch the
text: screen. Some hold their pet pigs on leashes.
text: 15A - People on a train station platform watch the same images on
dialog: TV.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: 15B - An overly made-up presenter dressed to the nines is smiling
text: above a multicolor flashing headline. He has a small pig on his
text: lap, a pink ribbon around its neck.
text: 15B1 - Commercials run simultaneously in the corners of the
text: screen. The hospital is in the background.
speaker_heading: PRESENTER
dialog: This is Julian Marshall, live from
dialog: New-New-York Hospital. We’re about
dialog: to see the final episode in our
text: series “THE LAST MORTALS.” Mr.
dialog: Nobody is almost 120 years old, and
dialog: has never been telomerized. Nor
dialog: does he have a marvelous stem-cell
dialog: compatible pig. Live on WWB: Mr.
dialog: Nobody will be the last man on
dialog: earth to die of old age. MR.
dialog: NOBODY, THE LAST MORTAL!
text: Booming jingle. Colored lights.
text: 15c - A telephoto shot through a window of old Nemo on his
text: hospital bed. The glass undulates in the wind.
scene_heading: 16 - INT. MISC. — DAY
text: A young couple watching TV...
text: 16A - Police in a station watching the show...
text: 16B - An old woman with her pig...
text: 16C - A giant screen on top of a building transmitting the show...
scene_heading: 17 - EXT. FACADE OF THE HOSPITAL — DAY
text: The presenter turns towards the psychiatrist.
speaker_heading: PRESENTER
dialog: No trace of his identity has been
dialog: found in the national records.
dialog: Nothing about his past.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: We don’t know who Mr. Nobody is.
dialog: Neither does he. Our patient’s
text: memories are confused. But it is
dialog: not unusual, at a certain stage of
dialog: illness, for very old memories to
text: reemerge in great detail.
dialog: + + OF
dialog: *
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION
scene_heading: 18 - INT. OLD NEMO’S HOSPITAL ROOM — DAY
text: Old Nemo is watching television, stunned. He sees his own image
text: through the window. On the other side of the window, several
text: miniaturized cameras float in the air. Nemo presses a button. The
text: window becomes opaque, displaying a repeating image of the bottom
text: of the sea, like a screen-saver.
scene_heading: 19 - EXT. TV IMAGE — DAY
speaker_heading: PRESENTER
dialog: Should Mr. Nobody be allowed to die
dialog: a natural death? Should his
dialog: existence be artificially
dialog: prolonged? Make your vote now.
dialog: Press “xX” for artificial
dialog: prolongation, “0” to let nature run
dialog: its course. We’ll be back - after
dialog: this.
text: The presenter is replaced by an ad for holidays on Mars.
text: 19A - We see a smiling family racing across a red desert in a
text: futuristic vehicle. Bicycles are attached to the roof. They are
text: amazed by the landscape.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: You, too, can take a family
dialog: vacation on Mars, a treat for the
dialog: young and the old. Book before
dialog: Union Day and save up to sixty
dialog: thousand units!
scene_heading: 20 - INT. TV NEWS EDITORIAL ROOM — NIGHT
text: The room is in a semi-darkness. Several silhouettes stand out
text: against big windows. We do not see their faces.
scene_heading: EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
dialog: The guy’s pulling maximum ratings!
dialog: And we’ve got nothing on him! I
dialog: need a profile. I need a
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JOURNALIST
dialog: He’s been in that hospital
dialog: practically forever. No one knows
dialog: who he is. I’ve checked it out.
dialog: Never had a driver’s license. Never
dialog: had a phone line or electrical hook-
text: up. Officially, he doesn’t exist.
dialog: So they called him Mr. Nobody.
dialog: -10-
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: + eH OF
dialog: *
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
dialog: Look harder, dammit! This guy
dialog: didn’t just come out of nowhere.
scene_heading: 21 - INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE — DAY
text: Old Nemo is once again sitting across from his doctor.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Let’s try something new. I’m
dialog: thinking of an old technique. I
dialog: can’t promise anything. Maybe
dialog: snatches of memory will come back,
dialog: maybe nothing will happen. Are you
dialog: willing to try?
text: Nemo agrees with a nod.
text: The doctor places a small shiny metallic sphere in front of
text: suspended in mid-air. Then it starts swinging, very close,
dialog: left to right,
dialog: eyes,
text: -21A - a child’s feet running down a station platform
text: -21B - tracks rushing past very close below us
text: -21C - branches swaying in the wind
text: -21D — a drop falling from a faucet...
text: -The pendulum swings in close-up.
text: ...21E — the beam of a lighthouse beside the water lights us
dialog: regularly.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR’S VOICE (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: ++. your eyelids are getting
dialog: heavy... your arms and legs are
dialog: getting heavy... I’m going to count
dialog: to three... when I say three, you
dialog: will be asleep... One...
text: 21C(cont.) - A swaying branch, seen through a window
text: ...21F - we move back and enter a child’s room...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR’S VOICE (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: -two...
text: 21G - A hand caressing a cheek... The face of a woman, ANNA...
dialog: right to left...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR’S VOICE (OFF)
dialog: You are very relaxed... You hear
dialog: only my voice...
dialog: -1l1-
speaker_heading: Nemo’ s
dialog: *
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 22 - INT. SHOWROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: DOCTOR’S VOICE (OFF)
dialog: Remember the day you came here...
dialog: Three. You’re sleeping.
text: Adult Nemo wakes with a start. He is lying on a bed and looking
dialog: around. We’ve never seen the room before, and it is extremely
text: clean and neat. Nemo notices a price tag on the bedside lamp. Nemo
text: takes his clothes from the chair. He gets dressed as he looks
dialog: around.
text: A couple enters the room, in their coats, holding a child by the
text: hand. They look at Nemo with surprise. We are in an immense
text: showroom of bedroom furniture. Distraught, Nemo walks through the
text: store, hurrying to the exit.
scene_heading: 23 - EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE SHOWROOM — DAY
text: Nemo leaves the showroom. The street is strangely empty, not a
text: car, not a single passerby. Across the street, a swing hanging
text: from a tree branch swings from left to right. A movement much like
text: the pendulum.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR’S VOICE (OFF)
dialog: ...Remember even further’ back...
dialog: when I say three... one... two...
dialog: three.
text: Nemo looks up. In the sky, a small plane is pulling an advertising
text: streamer. Written on it: “SLEEP.”
scene_heading: 24 - EXT. TRAIN STATION PLATFORM — DAY
text: Short flashes in the dark. Child Nemo is seven. He is running down
text: the platform trying to catch a departing train.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (OFF)
dialog: Remember...
scene_heading: 25 - INT. LIMBO — DAY
text: Everything is white. We can only make out a few forms in the
text: whiteness... Naked children wander about in slow motion... There
text: are pools of steaming water... Children’s heads emerge from the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: VOICE OF OLD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: I can remember a long time ago...
dialog: long before my birth...
dialog: -12-
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: VOICE OF CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: (The voices overlap, slightly
dialog: out of sync)
dialog: ...long before my birth... I was
dialog: waiting with those who are not yet
dialog: born. When we’re not born yet, we
dialog: know everything...
text: A child is seated in the whiteness. He is waiting. It is child
text: Nemo. We approach his mouth.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO
dialog: ...Everything that will happen.
text: He has no cleft on his upper lip. Other children are wandering
text: around. A unicorn passes by. A light approaches some children, who
dialog: look up.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: When it’s your turn, the Angels of
dialog: Oblivion place a finger on your
text: mouth. Shhh. It leaves a mark on
dialog: the upper lip. It means that you’ve
dialog: forgotten everything. But the
dialog: angels missed me.
text: Two angels fly above the children, and place a finger to their
text: lips, one after the other. When the finger is removed, a shallow
text: vertical cleft has appeared on the upper lip. The Angle of
text: Oblivion forgets Nemo. Nemo’s face plunges into the water with
text: those of the other children. Everything turns white.
scene_heading: 26 - EXT. SKY — DAY
text: The clouds part, allowing us to see the earth below...
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Then you have to find a daddy and a
dialog: mummy. It’s not easy to choose.
scene_heading: 27 - INT. MISC. — DAY
text: A series of interviews follows, like a casting call. Couples of
text: every kind, sitting on their sofas, talking to the camera.
text: 27A - A chic, overly smiley couple:
speaker_heading: SMILEY COUPLE WOMAN
dialog: They’re so cute when they’re
dialog: small...
speaker_heading: SMILEY COUPLE MAN
dialog: ...with those little shoes...
dialog: -13-
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: SMILEY COUPLE WOMAN
dialog: We'd like him to be a_ tennis
dialog: champion.
text: 27B - A shy couple is trying to control a struggling little boy.
text: They spank him.
speaker_heading: SHY COUPLE WOMAN
dialog: It would be nice for the older one
dialog: not to be all alone...
text: 27C - A sad couple. The man is drunk.
speaker_heading: SAD COUPLE WOMAN
dialog: I think it would help my husband if
dialog: we had a child. We’d call him
dialog: George. Right, George? We had a
dialog: dog, but it died.
text: 27D - Two men holding hands.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It’s an important experience.
text: 27E - A couple of old Texans with cowboy hats. *
speaker_heading: OLD TEXAN MAN
dialog: Blond an’ blue-eyed. That’s all I’m
dialog: askin’.
text: 27F - An Eskimo couple speaks Eskimo. We understand nothing.
text: 27G - A teenage couple.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: It’s not that we want a kid, but we
dialog: slept together.
text: 27H - A disillusioned couple.
speaker_heading: DISILLUSIONED MAN
dialog: ...It’s normal to think about
dialog: children when you reach a certain
dialog: age, for women at least.
speaker_heading: DISILLUSIONED WOMAN
dialog: It is the meaning of...
speaker_heading: DISILLUSIONED MAN
dialog: (interrupting her) *
dialog: ...of life. I hadn’t finished,
dialog: darling. It is the meaning of life.
text: 27I - An ordinary couple looks at the camera. They shrug, not
text: knowing what to say. They say nothing. They are holding hands.
dialog: -14-
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: In the end, I chose them. Because
dialog: the lady smelled nice. And the man
dialog: said:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Well, I can tell you how we met. It
dialog: was meant to be. Have you heard of
dialog: the butterfly effect?
scene_heading: 28 - EXT. JAPAN — DAY
text: It is springtime in Japan. A few Japanese are walking through a
text: park. A butterfly is perched on a flower. It flaps its wings and
text: flies away. The wind blows gently through the leaves of a tree. *
text: 28A - Clouds move in the sky. The air current merges with others
dialog: from the sea...
scene_heading: 29 - EXT. OCEAN — DAY
text: ...We are flying above the ocean, among the clouds... The clouds
text: merge with other clouds. The weather becomes stormy...
scene_heading: 30 - EXT. CHILD NEMO’S STREET — DAY
text: ...We descend over a small town in England. It is autumn. A leaf
text: twirls, floats over the rooftops... We follow it.
text: 30A - It flies over NEMO’S FATHER. A young woman is going the
text: other way, NEMO’S MOTHER. The leaf lands right at Nemo’s father’s
text: feet, and he slips and falls. The young woman runs to help him get
text: up. They look into each other’s eyes. Love at first sight. A bolt
text: of lighting in the sky.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Once upon a time there was a daddy
dialog: and a mummy named the daddy and the
text: mummy. They found a cute little
dialog: baby and called it the cute little
dialog: baby.
scene_heading: 31 - ENDOSCOPIC SHOT
text: The face of the fetus, curled up on itself. It opens its eyes.
dialog: -15-
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: 32 - MODEL
text: A model of child Nemo’s street. Pretty little houses that look
text: alike, each with its own yard. A child’s hand positions a tiny
text: car. A bawling baby.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
text: The little baby was born there. He
dialog: was born that day and not another.
dialog: His parents were those parents.
dialog: Why? Because that’s the way it is.
dialog: The baby can cry outloud, but it *
dialog: change these facts.
dialog: “From sperm to worm.” His daddy and
text: his mummy live at number 7.
text: The number “7” on the wall of the house.
scene_heading: 33 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY
text: Baby Nemo looks at his mummy. His mummy hides behind a bedsheet.
text: He can’t see her anymore, and waits. His mummy say “Peek-a-boo!”
text: The baby laughs.
text: 33A - A hairbrush. The mother’s lips, to which she is applying
text: lipstick. The mother is singing a song. The baby’s hand lifting
text: the father’s sleeve in order to touch his watch.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
text: The mummy has a brush for her hair
text: and lipstick for her lips. She
text: smells good. She sings a little
dialog: song: “Eenie meenie miney moe,
dialog: catch a tiger by the toe...” The
text: daddy has a watch and hair on his
text: arm. The watch goes tick-tock.
text: Daddy catches flies.
text: 33B - A fly on the table. The father’s hand approaches slowly,
text: then grabs the insect just as it is about to fly away. The father
text: opens the window and sets it free outside.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: Everything we see exists. We can
dialog: see it. The table is called
text: “table,” the chair is called
dialog: “chair.” We can see them. The
dialog: little baby can see his daddy and *
text: his mummy.
dialog: 33C - The father and the mother lean over us.
dialog: -16-
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: I can see mummy’s eyes, but I can’t
dialog: see my eyes. The little baby can
text: see his hands but he cannot see
dialog: himself. So does he really exist?
dialog: Do I really exist?
text: 33D - The baby’s hands seen from a subjective point of view. Nemo
text: is looking at his shadow on the ground, moving at the same time he
text: does. The shadow moves on the floor, on the walls. He tries to
text: step on it. He pinches himself. Then he bites his mother’s arm.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: If the baby pinches himself, it
dialog: hurts. If he bites mummy, it
dialog: doesn’t hurt.
text: He looks at the reflection of his face in a dirty mirror. The baby
text: takes his first steps, then falls down. The mother applauds.
text: Thrilled, the baby lets himself fall again.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
text: If the baby falls, the mother claps
text: her hands. She says, “Bravo.”
text: 33E - The mother falls down the stairs with a basket full of
text: laundry. She hurts herself. The baby claps. He gets a spanking.
text: 33F - FLASH: Anna, age five, swinging on a swing.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: Why am I me and not someone else?
dialog: Why does what exists exist? Why do
dialog: we remember the past but not the
dialog: future? When you ask mummy, she
dialog: says...
text: 33G - The mother, overwhelmed by house-cleaning, says to NEMO (AGE
dialog: FIVE) as she vacuums:
speaker_heading: MOTHER (VOICE OF CHILD NEMO)
dialog: Stop asking “Why?” all of the time! *
text: The father puts on his hat and coat and leaves the house. Child
text: Nemo opens the door to make sure his father is no longer there,
text: then runs to the television and turns it on.
text: 33H - The smiling image of his father appears on television. He is
text: presenting the weather forecast in a playful voice.
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: An anticyclone moving in from the
dialog: Azores tomorrow will bring clear
dialog: skies through the weekend, so get *
dialog: those barbecues out! *
dialog: -17-
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 34 - EXT. CHILD NEMO’S STREET (1977) — DAY
text: Thunderclap in a grey sky. Nemo is walking down the sidewalk
text: holding his father’s hand. It suddenly starts pouring. The father
text: opens an umbrella. They pass some women neighbours on the opposite
text: sidewalk as they bring in a table and chairs, leaving the barbecue
text: in the rain. The father greets the neighbors politely as they
text: stare daggers at him. The father smiles self-consciously.
scene_heading: 35 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT
text: The door opens quietly. A shadow steps furtively into the room and
text: closes the door. Old Nemo is asleep, hooked up to a life-support *
text: equipment. The shadow approaches him.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: Pssst... Sir...
text: The man clumsily knocks over a game of chess on the bedside table.
text: The noise wakes Nemo up. He finds a timid young man in front of *
text: him, an old tape recorder slung over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST (CONT.)
dialog: It’s okay... I... I’m a *
dialog: journalist... The hospital won’t *
dialog: allow interviews... I’d just like *
dialog: to ask you a few questions...
text: Nemo stares at him.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST (CONT.)
dialog: A friend of mine’s a nurse here. *
dialog: They helped me get in. My paper *
dialog: really wants me to get something. A
text: biography, just a few dozen lines.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: (looking at his watch)
dialog: Fourteen twelve.
text: The clock on the wall shows seven hours and not twelve. The
text: journalist puts his old reel-to-reel tape recorder on the table.
text: He loads a reel of tape. He holds out the microphone to Nemo. The
text: journalist presses the “record” button...
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: Where did you find that?
dialog: - 18 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: I... I borrowed it from the
dialog: university museum, but it still
dialog: works. So. Um... Here we are.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: I’ve got nothing to say to you. I’m
dialog: Mr. Nobody. The man who doesn’t
dialog: exist. An old grump who mixes
dialog: everything up. Go away.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: Do you remember what the world was
dialog: like before Quasi-Immortality?
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: Telomerization. Endless renewal of
dialog: cells. What was it like when humans
dialog: were mortal?
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: I have no idea. There were cars
dialog: that polluted, we smoked
dialog: cigarettes, we ate meat. We did
dialog: everything we can’t do in this
dialog: dump. It was wonderful. Most of the
dialog: time nothing happened. Just like in
dialog: a French movie.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: And... sexually? Before sex became
dialog: obsolete?
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: You don’t need sex anymore? ... We
dialog: screwed. People were always
dialog: screwing. We fell in love.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: The police have investigated you,
dialog: and they’ve found nothing. But they
dialog: didn’t check the paper archives. It
dialog: took a little patience...
text: He takes a paper from his pocket and unfolds it.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST (CONT.)
dialog: ...but I found this. It’s from a
dialog: local paper in Ontario.
dialog: -19 -
dialog: + + OF
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: He holds out a photocopy of a newspaper article. The picture shows
text: a car being hauled by a crane from a river. We see the portrait of
dialog: aman, PETER.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST (CONT.)
dialog: That is you, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I don’t know. It doesn’t look like
dialog: me. What time is it?
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: (looking at his watch)
dialog: Fourteen thirteen. Look: “Nemo
dialog: Nobody.” The name matches. It
dialog: appears you died in a car accident
dialog: in 2008. Your car was found at the
text: bottom of a river.
speaker_heading: 36 - FLASH
text: The body of adult Nemo in the morgue. He is wearing just one shoe,
text: which is too small. A police officer is smoking a cigarette next
text: to him. The scene is shot in reverse, the smoke going into the
text: cigarette. A woman identifies the body. It is Jean. She is holding
text: a handkerchief. A tear goes back up to her eye.
scene_heading: 37 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT
dialog: (cont. )
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: I am alive...aren’t I? *
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: You were a scientist specializing
dialog: in chaos theory... space-time, the
dialog: multiverse. You had your own TV *
dialog: show.
text: Nemo’s face contorts.
scene_heading: 38 - EXT. UNDERWATER — DAY
text: A picture of adult Anna in a small frame turns floating inside the
text: car, underwater... bubbles rise to the surface... a hand struggles *
text: underwater... underwater views of algae swaying gently to the *
text: music... fish swim past... one of the fish comes very close to *
dialog: look at us...
dialog: - 20 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 39 - INT. UNDETERMINED — DAY
text: A trout with almonds on a plate.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: I always liked fish. I never
dialog: thought that one day it would like
dialog: me, too.
scene_heading: 40 - EXT. UNDERWATER — DAY
text: ...the fish swims at us, its mouth wide open, ready to eat us. *
scene_heading: 41 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: Do you really remember nothing?
text: In lieu of answering, Nemo closes his eyes. The journalist takes
text: out a portable VCR and opens it in front of Nemo.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST (CONT.)
dialog: I found this, too.
text: He presses play, and a scratchy image appears onscreen. Old Nemo
text: watches, fascinated.
dialog: It is an educational program.
text: 41A - Peter is speaking to the camera. Behind him is a big
dialog: constellation of stars.
text: 41B - We see a simulation of the Big Bang.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What was there before the Big Bang? *
dialog: There was no “before” because
dialog: before the Big Bang, time did not
dialog: exist. Time is a result of the
dialog: expansion of the universe itself.
dialog: But what will happen when the
dialog: universe has finished expanding,
dialog: and the movement is reversed? What *
dialog: will be the nature of time? *
text: Fuzz. The image disappears in the interference. The sound becomes
text: inaudible.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: That is you, isn’t it?
dialog: - 21 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: I’m Nemo Nobody: the man who
dialog: doesn’t exist. A crazy old fool who
dialog: pisses himself. What are you
dialog: looking for? There’s nothing to
dialog: find. What time is it?
scene_heading: 42- INT. PSYCHIATRIST’S OFFICE — DAY
text: The small pendulum swings back and forth in front of Old Nemo’s
dialog: eyes...
scene_heading: 43 - INT. TELEVISION STUDIO — DAY
text: The same program as before, but this time adult Nemo is the
text: presenter. The text runs over a teleprompter.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO
dialog: But what will happen when the
dialog: universe has finished expanding and
dialog: the movement is reversed?
text: On a control monitor, images of galaxies ceasing to expand and
text: beginning to contract.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: What will be the nature of time?
dialog: Will it reverse?
text: 43A - Image of a vase breaking on the floor, then, in reverse, the
text: pieces coming back together...
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: If string theory is correct, the
dialog: universe possesses nine spatial
dialog: dimensions and one temporal
dialog: dimension, ten dimensions in all.
dialog: We can imagine that in the
dialog: beginning, all of the dimensions
dialog: were twisted together. During the
dialog: Big Bang, three spatial dimensions -
dialog: the ones we know as: height, width,
dialog: and depth - and one temporal
dialog: dimension - what we know as ‘time’ -
dialog: were deployed. The other six
dialog: remained miniscule, wound up
dialog: together. If we live in a universe
dialog: of wound dimensions, how do we
dialog: distinguish between illusion and
dialog: reality? Time as we know it is a
dialog: dimension we experience only in one
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: - 22 -
speaker_heading: + FH HOF
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (OFF) (CONT.) (cont'd)
dialog: But, what if one of the additional *
dialog: dimensions wasn’t spatial but
dialog: temporal?
scene_heading: 44 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY
text: The hand of baby Nemo pushes a plate to the edge of the table. It
text: falls and breaks. The baby mixing mashed potatoes and tomato sauce
text: in his plate.
text: 44K - The father smoking a cigarette. Wafts of smoke dissipating
text: in the air.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: If you break a plate, it’s broken
dialog: forever. If you mix the mashed
dialog: potatoes and the sauce, you can’t
text: separate them later. It’s forever.
text: The smoke comes out of daddy’s
dialog: cigarette, but it never goes back
dialog: in.
text: 44B - The big hand on the living room clock moves forward a notch.
text: We see a cog turning another cog, the mechanism grinding. We hear
dialog: all kinds of tick-tocks.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: We cannot go back.
scene_heading: 45 - EXT. PASTRY SHOP WINDOW (1980) — DAY
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: That’s why it’s hard to choose. You
dialog: have to make the right choice.
text: Nemo is eight. He is glued to a pastry shop window. He is holding
text: a coin in his hand. His eyes go back and forth between the Danish
text: and the chocolate éclair. He can’t decide.
scene_heading: 46 - EXT. CHILD NEMO’S STREET — DAY
text: Nemo is on his way home. He is still clutching his coin. He walks
text: past three little girls his age leaning against an iron gate who
text: are watching him: ANNA, ELISE, and JEAN.
text: One is wearing a yellow dress, the next one a blue dress, and the
text: last one a pink dress. All three of them smile at him, and all
text: three are pretty. Nemo blushes.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Hello, Nemo. *
dialog: - 23 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Hello, Anna.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Hi, Nemo.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Hello, Elise.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Hello, Nemo.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Hello, Jean.
scene_heading: 47 - INT. CHURCH — DAY
text: We see three weddings of adult Nemo. Three times he kisses the
text: bride after slipping a ring on her finger. Once Anna, once Elise,
text: once Jean, all now adults.
scene_heading: 48 - EXT. CHILD NEMO’S STREET — DAY
text: Nemo keeps looking back at the little girls as he walks away. Then
text: he looks at the coin he couldn’t decide how to spend. He tosses it
text: in the air, heads or tails.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: As long as you don’t choose,
dialog: everything remains possible.
scene_heading: 49 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY
text: Nemo and his father are looking at the sky through a telescope.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Daddy says you can predict exactly
dialog: where Mars will be in the sky, even
dialog: in a hundred years.
scene_heading: 50 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S ROOM — MORNING
text: It is morning. Nemo is sleeping, his eyes closed. Gently, he
text: starts to levitate, a foot above his bed.
speaker_heading: 51 - VISION
text: A short flash: a toy car races down a hill and runs into a
text: stroller. It is a scale model.
dialog: - 24 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 52 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S ROOM - MORNING
text: A yellow stain appears on the sheets. He is peeing. Nemo opens his
text: eyes and cries out. He is no longer levitating. He gets up. He
text: goes to see the little car near his electric train. He looks at
text: his soaked pajama pants. He dresses quickly.
scene_heading: 53 - EXT. STREET — DAY
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: But the funny thing is that daddy *
dialog: doesn’t know what will happen to
text: him two minutes from now.
text: Nemo’s father parks the car at the end of the street. The street
text: is on a hill. The father bites into a cookie. He stops chewing and
text: spits something out, examining it as he gets out of the car. He
text: forgets to put on the handbrake. He removes a piece of eggshell
text: from his mouth. Behind him, the car slowly starts moving. Nemo
text: comes running down the street in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Daddy!
scene_heading: 54 - INT. INDUSTRIAL CHICKEN BARN — DAY
text: We see a hen laying an egg... The egg lands with many others.
scene_heading: 55 - EXT. STREET — DAY
text: ...The car continues rolling down the hill, faster and faster. A
text: little further down the road, a woman is crossing the street *
text: pushing a baby carriage. Nemo’s father is still looking at the
text: piece of eggshell on his fingertip...
scene_heading: 56 - INT. COOKIE FACTORY — DAY
text: A worker breaks an egg. A small piece of shell floats in the
text: whites. The eggs get mixed with flour and sugar. The cookies come
text: out of the oven and are packaged.
scene_heading: 57 - EXT. STREET — DAY
text: The father looks up and sees his car rolling down the hill at top
text: speed. He screams. The woman in the street pushing the carriage
text: sees the car and screams in terror. The woman and the carriage are
text: run over by the car. The father looks on with horror. Nemo reaches
text: him, too late.
dialog: - 25 -
dialog: "Mr. NOBODY"
scene_heading: 58 - EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM
speaker_heading: VERSION 11
text: 58A - Black and white archival footage. A research lab full of
text: papers and two old blinking computers. A young man is checking the
text: results being printed out.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Edward Lorenz, a meteorology
dialog: analyst, had a computer simulate
dialog: weather forecasts using simple
dialog: equations relating air and water
dialog: movements, heat, barometric
dialog: pressure... One day in 1961,
dialog: during the preparation of a series
dialog: of weather reports, Lorenz took a
text: shortcut, rounding his data up to
dialog: the third decimal, instead of the
dialog: usual sixth decimal place, assuming
dialog: that the difference — one for a
dialog: thousand — was of no importance.
text: 58B - A calm sea. A storm at sea.
text: The text runs over the teleprompter in front of Nemo.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO
text: When he returned an hour later, he
dialog: noticed that the forecast, which
dialog: should have been identical to the
dialog: preceding ones, followed an
dialog: evolution ever more divergent,
dialog: until there was no longer any
text: resemblance. Miniscule changes of a
dialog: thousandth of a degree, a
dialog: thousandth of a millibar, in
dialog: association, caused enormous change
dialog: in the end results: on one hand,
dialog: perfect calm, on the other, a
dialog: storm,
text: 58C - A motionless butterfly on a flower.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (CONT.)
text: This is known as the “BUTTERFLY
text: EFFECT.” In a chaotic and unstable
text: system, a butterfly beating its
dialog: wings in Japan will perhaps cause a
dialog: storm in Europe.
speaker_heading: + + HF HH OF
text: 58D - A Japanese man fanning himself as he watches the motionless
dialog: butterfly.
text: 58E - Clouds moving in the sky.
dialog: - 26 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: 58F - The hen laying an egg.
text: 58G - The father biting into the cookie. The woman with the
text: carriage being hit by the car. The father looking horrified.
text: Adult Nemo, presenting the program, looks into the camera:
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: “Pigeon Superstition” and the
dialog: “Butterfly Effect” are good *
dialog: illustrations of our contradictory *
dialog: state: we only accept simple *
dialog: *
dialog: explanations, although the universe
dialog: is complex.
scene_heading: 59 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY
text: The mother is setting the table while Nemo is trying to explain
dialog: something to her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That’s not possible. No one knows
dialog: the future.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: But I can remember it.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We remember the past, not the
dialog: future.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: But me, I can. Sometimes things
dialog: happen and I have the feeling that
dialog: they’ve already happened before.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That’s called déja vu. It happens
dialog: to everyone from time to time.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: No, it’s because of the Angels of
dialog: Oblivion. They didn’t put their
dialog: finger on me. You can’t understand.
text: 59A - The father is sitting in an armchair, prostrate, motionless.
text: A fly lands on the chair, next to his hand. He doesn’t notice it.
text: The fly climbs his hand, strolling about without provoking any
text: reaction from the father. Nemo watches him.
dialog: -27-
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 60 - INT. SWIMMING POOL — DAY
text: Nemo is in swimming class. He’s the one having the most trouble
text: swimming. Nemo sinks, flailing desperately as he tries to grab the
text: aluminum pole the instructor refuses to put within his reach. Nemo
text: coughs up water, cries. A whistle blows. The boys get out of the
text: pool to go get dressed. The instructor stops them to let a group
text: of girls go past. The boys all wait, eyes riveted on the girls
text: Nemo is hypnotized by Anna.
text: The boys leave the pool. The locker room door opens a crack. Nemo,
text: hiding, alone, watches Anna. She swims like a goddess. He watches
text: her dive from the twelve-foot board. She lands perfectly and swims
text: the crawl with perfect grace. She is magnificent. Nemo is lost in
text: wonder. Anna climbs gracefully out of the water and dries her
text: hair. Their eyes meet for an instant. Nemo is petrified.
scene_heading: 61 - INT. SWIMMING POOL — DAY
text: Everyone has left. The pool is empty, even the lifeguard is gone.
text: Nemo emerges from his hiding place. He is alone. He approaches the
text: water. He hesitates. He climbs onto the diving board, twelve feet
text: high. He is afraid of heights. He walks slowly to the end of the
text: board. He jumps.
text: He belly-flops onto the water. He is underwater, struggling.
text: Bubbles escape from his mouth. He tries to grab something, but
text: cannot. He is drowning. We hear a muffled scream. He sinks to the
dialog: bottom.
speaker_heading: 62 - FLASH
text: Underwater, prisoner in his car, adult Nemo struggles. Bubbles
text: escape from his mouth. He sees light above him.
text: 62A - Another flash. Under the water, Jean’s face diving toward
dialog: us.
scene_heading: 63 - INT. SWIMMING POOL — DAY
text: The lifeguard suddenly dives in next to child Nemo and pulls him
text: to the surface.
text: Nemo is lying on the ground next to the pool. The lifeguard
text: performs artificial respiration. Nemo comes to, coughing. He
dialog: breathes.
dialog: - 28 -
dialog: *
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 64 - EXT. WOODS — DAY
text: 64bis - Exhausted, Nemo gets off a bus. He is going home, his
text: swimming bag over his shoulder.
text: He goes past a wooded area. He notices his mother, or at least he
dialog: thinks he recognizes her. We can make her out about one hundred
text: yards away, behind some branches. She is taking a stroll, looking
text: all around. Nemo hides. He moves toward her, avoiding being
dialog: noticed.
text: He reaches a pond. He hears whispered voices. He looks through the
text: branches: he sees his mother kiss a man he doesn’t know. He
text: freezes. The man walks off in one direction. The mother adjusts
text: her jacket and leaves in the other direction. Nemo waits without
text: moving. He is as white as a sheet.
text: 64A - Nemo is walking through the woods. He is looking for the
text: man. He heads to the edge of the pond. He stops. A gust of wind
text: rustles the leaves. Anna is sitting on a floating dock, throwing
text: stones into the water. Nemo crouches down and watches her. A voice
text: makes him jump.
speaker_heading: ANNA'S FATHER
dialog: Okay, Anna, let’s go.
text: The man who was kissing Nemo’s mother comes over to Anna. Anna
text: takes her father’s hand and they leave together.
speaker_heading: 65 - FLASH
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Then the daddy and the mummy kissed
dialog: all day long. *
text: A short flash: in the living room, the father and mother are
dialog: fighting.
text: 65A - A vase breaks.
scene_heading: 66 - INT. ADULT NEMO’S ROOM (2006) — NIGHT
text: Adult Nemo wakes in the dark. He turns toward a feminine shape:
text: adult Anna is sleeping next to him. They curl up in each other’s
dialog: arms.
scene_heading: 67 - EXT. TRAIN STATION — DAY
text: The mother, the father, and Nemo are on the platform of a small
text: train station. They are waiting. The mother is holding her
text: suitcase. The father looks distraught. His eyes are red.
dialog: = 29 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: They each hold one of Nemo’s hands. Nemo looks at his father, then
text: at his mother. They don’t look at each other. The mother strokes
text: Nemo’s hair, kisses him. The train pulls into the station.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: So, Nemo? Have you made up your
dialog: mind? Do you want to come with me,
dialog: or do you want to stay with your
dialog: father?
text: Nemo squeezes his parents’ hands. The train stops. The mother lets
text: go of Nemo’s hand and takes a few steps toward the train. The
text: mother climbs aboard. She waves goodbye. The ticket inspector
text: closes all of the doors but one, the one where the mother is
text: standing. The train starts moving. Nemo lets go of his father’s
text: hand and runs as fast as he can down the platform. He is running
text: alongside the train. The mother reaches her arms out to him
text: through the open door. Nemo looks back at his father. He
text: hesitates. He is halfway between his father and his mother. A
text: urine stain spreads over his pants.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Run, Nemo!
text: The mother reaches for Nemo as he runs, trying to catch the train.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Nemo!
text: Nemo turns back, hesitates. The mother grabs Nemo and pulls him
text: into the train. The disconcerted ticket man helps her, then closes
text: the door. Nemo looks at the silhouette of his father as the train
text: pulls away.
scene_heading: 68 - EXT. TRAIN STATION — DAY
text: ...Repetition of the same scene. The train is leaving the station.
text: Nemo is still holding his father’s hand. He hesitates, then lets
text: go and starts running down the platform. He stops for a moment,
text: looks at his father, as if regretfully, looks at the departing
text: train. He runs again, looking at his father as if with regret. He
text: reaches the train. The mother holds her arms out.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: NEMO!
text: Nemo slows down, turns back toward his father. He stops at the end
text: of the platform and watches the train move away. He has lost a
text: shoe. He looks at his pants which are soaked.
text: His father comes running and takes Nemo in his arms. He tries to
text: console him. He puts Nemo’s shoe back on and the two of them leave
dialog: for home. In the distance:
dialog: - 30 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Daddy, is it my fault?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Of course not. It’s my fault. *
scene_heading: 69 - INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE — DAY
text: The doctor is hypnotizing old Nemo. The pendulum swings in front
dialog: of his eyes...
scene_heading: 70 - EXT./INT. MISC. — DAY/NIGHT
text: We see brief flashes...flashes of the lights of a passing
text: train...the tracks rushing by under the locomotive
dialog: -70A - a metronome
text: .70B - branches swaying in the wind
dialog: -70C - a swaying swing...
scene_heading: 71 - INT. TRAIN — DAY
text: Nemo is in the train, with his mother. He presses himself against *
text: her. He is watching the landscape go by.
text: 71A - Through the window he sees train tracks crossing, joining up
text: with other tracks, separating. A tangle of possible destinations.
scene_heading: 72 - MODEL — DAY
text: A toy airplane held in a child’s hand. The plane flies over a map.
text: On the map, the letters O-C-E-A-N pass by. The plane flies over
dialog: North America.
scene_heading: 73 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING
text: 73BIS - Through the window we have a view of a big North American
dialog: city.
text: The mother and Nemo are in an apartment that is not yet fully
text: furnished. She unwraps a lamp and puts it in place.
scene_heading: 74 - EXT. TRAIN STATION PLATFORM — DAY
text: Nemo is running after the train that is taking his mother away.
text: His running feet. His shoelace breaks. He starts to lose his shoe.
text: The train picks up speed, his mother moves away.
dialog: - 31 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: Nemo stumbles, steps on his shoelace. He stays on the platform
text: with his father. We follow a butterfly circling up into the sky.
scene_heading: 75 - INT. SHOE FACTORY — DAY
text: A butterfly flutters past the window. In the office of a shoe
text: factory, the director is studying several grades of shoelace
text: presented to him by a supplier.
speaker_heading: SUPPLIER (STRONGLY ACCENTED)
dialog: I can give you a good deal on this
dialog: type of shoelace.
text: The director pulls firmly on the lace. It breaks.
speaker_heading: SUPPLIER (CONT.)
dialog: ...Very good deal.
scene_heading: 76 - EXT. FATHER’S YARD — DAY
text: A wind gauge stops turning. Utter calm. Nemo is in the yard,
text: observing his father. Nemo’s father is watching the sky. He holds
text: his paintbrushes and starts painting the clouds, carefully
text: reproducing what he sees. When the father looks up, the clouds
text: have changed shape and position. He tries to make corrections, to
dialog: paint faster. He can’t.
text: The father is sitting on a chair in the middle of the garden. He
text: is looking at the sky above him, a camera in hand. Nemo looks at
text: him. His father uses a cane to get up.
scene_heading: 77 - EXT. FATHER’S YARD — DAY
text: The father spreads the pictures out on the table. He takes his
text: paintbrushes and tries to reproduce the clouds on canvas, but it
dialog: doesn’t work.
scene_heading: 78 - EXT. FATHER’S YARD — DAY
text: The father uses turpentine to erase his painting, scraping the
text: paint off with a knife. He starts again from scrap. He looks at
text: the clouds, holding his paintbrush.
text: 78A - The clouds move too fast.
scene_heading: 79 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — EVENING
text: The father opens a broom closet and throws his unfinished painting
text: inside. He slams the door.
dialog: - 32 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 80 - EXT. FATHER’S STREET - DAY
text: Nemo is standing on the corner of the street where he lives with
text: his father. He is watching a truck being loaded by movers. Anna
text: and Harry are watching them work. The movers close the truck. Anna
text: and her father get into the car and drive off. *
scene_heading: 81 - INT. NEMO’S ROOM IN HIS MOTHER’S HOUSE (1980/1984) — DAY
text: Nemo, still eight years old, wakes up in his room in his mother’s
text: apartment. He lies back down and closes his eyes. The camera
text: explores the objects in his room: the toys... his desk... We hear
text: his mother’s voice calling him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (OFF)
dialog: Nemo!
text: The camera continues exploring the contents of the room: pictures
dialog: on the wall... teenage toys... books about the planets... We
text: return, after a complete tour of the room, to the sleeping Nemo in
text: his bed. He is FOURTEEN YEARS OLD. His mother’s voice wakes him.
text: She sticks her head into the room.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Bye, sweetheart, I’m off to work.
dialog: Don’t be late for school.
scene_heading: 82 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING
text: The mother opens the door to her apartment and hangs up her coat.
text: She takes off her nurse’s smock.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Nemo... It’s me.
text: In the foreground, teenage Nemo is lying in a pool of blood,
text: motionless, his eyes wide open. His mother does not yet see him. *
text: She walks forward, sees Nemo dead on the floor, then puts away the
dialog: groceries.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT.)
dialog: I bet you haven’t done your
dialog: homework. Hurry up and finish, I’ve
dialog: invited someone for dinner. And I’m
dialog: counting on you to keep your mouth
dialog: shut.
text: The mother disappears. No one is there. Nemo, deathly pale, still
text: doesn’t move. Then he gets up, picks up a bottle of ketchup, wipes
text: the ketchup from his neck and his shirt.
dialog: - 33 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 83 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING
text: Nemo is sitting at the table. Laughter, small talk. The mother has
text: invited Harry, the man Nemo saw her with in the woods. Harry is
text: pretending to be at ease. Nemo stares at him without blinking.
text: Harry tries to smile, but does not get a smile in return.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Nemo, don’t stare at people like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It’s no problem.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He has a gift for making people
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It’s nothing.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: It will happen on a Saturday. The
dialog: sun will be shining. You will be *
dialog: behind the wheel of your car. You
dialog: are whistling. You won’t see the
text: crossroads. All of a sudden, a
dialog: butcher’s truck will appear on your *
dialog: right and you’ll be crushed.
scene_heading: 84 - EXT. COUNTRY ROAD — DAY
text: Flash. Harry behind the wheel of his car, whistling. A tractor
text: pulls in on his right. Sounds of an accident. The dashboard clock
text: shatters.
scene_heading: 85 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY (CONT.)
text: Nemo is staring at Harry, who is as white as a sheet. Nemo has a
text: wet patch on his pants. *
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You’re not funny.
dialog: (to the guest)
dialog: Nemo thinks he can predict the
dialog: future.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I can. I predicted dad’s accident.
dialog: - 34 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I’ve always wondered if you’re not
dialog: the one who took off the hand
dialog: brake. No one can predict the
dialog: future. No one knows what’s going
dialog: to happen.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I do.
text: The mother slaps Nemo in the face. *
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: If you could, you would have known
dialog: you were going to get that.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I knew you’d say that.
scene_heading: 86 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — NIGHT
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I’m so sorry...
text: The mother is at the door. Harry is leaving. We hear them
text: whispering. The mother closes the door.
scene_heading: 87 - INT. NEMO’S ROOM IN HIS MOTHER’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Nemo is in his pajamas, standing on the window sill, facing the *
text: void. The mother comes into his room. She is undisturbed by the
dialog: danger of the situation.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Are you proud of yourself?
text: Nemo lets go and leans into the void.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT.)
dialog: Why do you systematically ruin
dialog: everything I... Don’t you think I
dialog: have a right to live, too?
text: Nemo falls into the void. His mother looks at the empty window.
text: She lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT.)
dialog: You could have stayed with your
dialog: father if you’d wanted to.
text: 87A - We pass through the window. Nemo is crouched three feet
text: below, on a terrace adjoining the window. The fall was without *
dialog: danger.
dialog: - 35 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 88 - EXT. WOODS — DAY
text: Police officers are searching some bushes. They find Nemo’s body.
text: He is missing a shoe. The scene is shot backwards, all the
text: movements are in reverse.
scene_heading: 89 - INT. CITY SCHOOL — DAY
text: Fourteen-year-old Nemo is in a classroom, in the city where he
text: lives with his mother.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Let me introduce a new student in
dialog: our class. Her name is Anna.
text: Anna comes into the room. She smiles, a bit uncomfortable.
text: Whispers. Nemo looks at her, open-mouthed. Anna turns around and
text: catches Nemo’s eyes. They look at each other without saying a
dialog: word.
scene_heading: 90 - EXT. BUS/COUNTRY ROAD — DAY
text: Sitting in the school bus, Nemo is shaken by a bump. He is with
text: his class. Everyone is laughing and singing. It is a _ school
text: outing, and the children have overnight bags with them. Nemo isn’t
text: singing. A few seats away, Anna is laughing with her friends. She
text: turns around. She smiles and comes over to him.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Hi. Do you remember me? I’m Anna.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: My father knows your mother.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Have you been here long?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: No.
text: Nemo is too intimidated to answer anything but yes or no. The
text: silence finally becomes embarrassing, and Anna gets up and goes
text: back to her friends.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 91 - EXT. BEACH — DAY
text: The young teens are running out of beach huts. They are wearing *
text: swimsuits. Nemo also comes onto the beach, wrapped up in his
text: towel. He is wearing a ridiculous swimsuit. He sits down, away *
text: from the group. He takes a camera from his bag and takes a picture
text: of the beach in front of him. After a moment, Anna comes and sits
text: next to him. He blushes. She smiles at him. A moment of silence.
text: Anna stands up and turns toward him.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You gonna swim?
text: Nemo doesn’t answer. She takes him by the hand and pulls him. *
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT.)
dialog: Come on. The water’s nice.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: No, I...
text: He clams up and stares straight ahead, looking sullen. Anna looks
text: at the water and waves to her friends who are calling to her.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Come swimming with us. They’re my
dialog: friends, come on...
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: They’re jerks. I don’t go swimming *
dialog: with jerks. *
text: Anna is cross. Deeply hurt. She can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Idiot. *
text: Anna turns her back on him and leaves. She goes swimming with the
text: others. Nemo looks at his feet. He hates himself. We approach
text: Nemo, closer and closer.
text: We draw close to his eye.
text: reflection of a windowpane.
text: We see a reflection in his eye... The
dialog: 
text: 91A - A man’s silhouette stands out in the frame...
scene_heading: 92 - EXT./INT. TRAIN — DAY
text: ...In the window of a train is adult Nemo’s silhouette. He is in
text: the train. A jolt of the train wakes the dozing Nemo. *
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 93 - INT. STATION — DAY
text: Nemo walks through the station. The station clock reads 9:12. Nemo
text: passes a girl with a shaved head who is panhandling. He gives her
text: his change. A woman he thinks he recognizes is coming toward him.
text: The woman is holding two children by the hand. When they are side
text: by side, they look at each other. It is ADULT ANNA.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Oh my god!
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Anna!
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: How are you doing?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I’m fine... and you? Are those your
dialog: children?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Yes.
text: Silence. They don’t know what more to say.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT.)
dialog: Okay, well, see you around.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Yeah... see you around.
text: They continue their separate ways. Nemo looks deeply moved by the
dialog: encounter.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO’S VOICE (OFF)
dialog: What on earth made me say, “I don’t
dialog: go swimming with jerks?”
text: He takes a picture from his wallet. The picture of the beach he
text: took as a child. We move closer to the picture. We pass into it...
scene_heading: 94 - EXT. BEACH — DAY
text: Fourteen-year-old Nemo is taking the picture of the beach. The
text: same scene again. He is sitting apart from the group in his
text: ridiculous swimsuit. Anna comes to sit next to him.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You gonna swim?
text: Nemo doesn’t answer. She takes his hand and pulls him.
dialog: - 38 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT.)
dialog: Come on. The water’s nice.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: No, I...
text: He clams up and stares straight ahead.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: I don’t know how to swim.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Sorry? *
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I don’t know how to swim. That’s
dialog: it. Please don’t tell anyone. *
text: Anna sits down next to him, understanding. They look at each
text: other, smile, laugh. One of Anna’s girlfriends runs up to them,
dialog: wanting Anna to come with her.
speaker_heading: ANNA’S FRIEND
dialog: Come on, aren’t you gonna swim?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: No, I’ve got my period. I’1l stay
dialog: here. Nemo’11 keep me company.
text: Her friend walks away. Anna and Nemo look at each other and share
text: a quiet laugh. Anna moves closer to Nemo. Their bare shoulders
text: brush against each other. Nemo gets goose bumps. He doesn’t dare
text: move for fear of disturbing the delicate contact of their skin.
scene_heading: 95 - INT. ANNA AND NEMO’S ROOM — DAY
text: Sheets. A woman’s naked shoulder. Adult Nemo is sleeping close to
text: her. He caresses her. It is adult Anna.
text: They hug. They put their arms right next to each other.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Look...
text: The hair on their arms is standing up. They both have goose bumps.
text: They embrace.
scene_heading: 96 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY
text: Fourteen-year-old Nemo is in his mother’s apartment. He is doing
text: his homework. We hear the door open. We hear voices that then go
text: silent. The mother comes into the room and approaches Nemo. She
text: looks at him. She is uncomfortable.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Honey... I... I want to introduce
dialog: you to someone.
text: Nemo turns toward a man who is looking at him from the door. It’s
text: Harry, the man Nemo saw with his mother in the woods.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT.)
dialog: You've already met Harry. This is
dialog: his daughter, Anna.
text: Anna comes into the room after Harry. Nemo and Anna look at each
text: other, both equally surprised. They act as if it’s nothing.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT.)
dialog: Anna, this is Nemo. So, why don’t
dialog: you shake hands...
text: They shake hands somewhat awkwardly.
scene_heading: 97 - INT. MOTHER’S LIVING ROOM — EVENING
text: All four of them are at the dinner table. Nemo’s mother and Anna’s
text: father are chatting, somewhat nervously. They watch discreetly as
text: Anna and Nemo sit facing each other without looking at each other,
text: eating in silence. Underneath the table, Anna’s foot is caressing
text: Nemo’s leg. Nemo blushes and looks even more intently at his
text: plate. They secretly give each other the faintest of smiles.
text: Later. Anna and her father are leaving. Anna shakes Nemo’s hand.
text: Nemo’s mother kisses Anna’s father on the lips and whispers
text: something in his ear. They have a whispered conversation. We can
dialog: barely make out:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We mustn’t go too fast... We can’t
dialog: rush them.
scene_heading: 98 - EXT. PUBLIC PARK — DAY
text: A sunny Sunday. Nemo and his mother, Anna and her father are
text: picnicking on an island facing the town, in the sun. The father
text: and mother walk off for a moment, hand in hand. They kiss in the
text: distance, discreetly. Anna and Nemo are alone together.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I can’t believe them. Sometimes I
dialog: wonder how old they are.
speaker_heading: NEMO
text: A pause.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Have they already slept together?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I hope they use johnny’s. I don’t *
dialog: want to end up with a little
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I’d rather die.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Is your mum on the pill?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I have no idea.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You'd better slip it in her coffee
text: in the morning. It looks like her
text: hormones have gone to her head.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Sometimes I can see the future.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: It doesn’t seem like it would be
dialog: much fun to know what’s going to
dialog: happen. Like reading your life from
dialog: a book... How do you do it? *
text: Nemo closes his eyes.
scene_heading: 99 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT
text: Old Nemo is in his bed. The journalist is sitting next to him. The
text: recorder is still running.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: Oh, you're still here... I'd
dialog: forgotten you. What time is it?
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: Fourteen-seventeen. I don’t
dialog: understand. Did you stay with your
dialog: father or go with your mother?
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: Did I fall asleep? Some nights I
dialog: don’t sleep. So I think, I think...
dialog: I think about how it was. That’s
dialog: all I have left... What do you see
dialog: when you look at me? A grumpy old
text: man who drools when he eats, who
dialog: never answers questions. Who mixes
dialog: everything up. Who’s kept busy by
dialog: getting his meals. But that’s not
dialog: me. Me, I wear short pants. I’m
dialog: nine years old. I can run faster
dialog: than the train. I don’t feel my
dialog: aching back anymore. I’m fifteen.
dialog: I’m in love. I’m in love...
scene_heading: 100 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — NIGHT
text: Everyone is back at the mother’s apartment. It is evening.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: So, I think it’ll be easier if
dialog: everyone sleeps here. Nemo, will
dialog: you lend your room to Anna, and you
dialog: can sleep in the study?
text: Everyone looks at everyone else as though there was nothing out of
dialog: the ordinary.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: 101 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — NIGHT
text: All the lights are off in the corridor. We see a light coming from
text: under the door of the mother’s room. We hear sounds of embracing,
text: a squeaking bed. Nemo slips discretely from the study. Without a
text: sound, he opens the door to the room where Anna is sleeping.
text: Complete darkness. He feels his way, bumps into something, holds
text: his breath. He reaches the bed. He whispers.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Anna?
text: Anna turns over and lifts the covers, inviting him to slip into
text: the bed. He slips in and lies down next to Anna, very close. They
text: look into each other’s eyes. They touch each other’s face. Anna
text: gently runs her fingertips over Nemo’s skin. Nemo shivers. We see
text: the hairs on his arm straighten.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: At the end of the hall, the sounds of Nemo’s mother and Anna’s
text: father intercourse become louder and louder. We hear the mother *
text: reach a theatrical-sounding orgasm.
text: Nemo’s lips brush Anna’s cheek. We hear only their controlled
text: breathing. They finally kiss. They disappear under the covers.
scene_heading: 102 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT (1988) — DAY
text: It is morning. Under the covers, Nemo and Anna are asleep in each
text: other’s arms. Time has gone by, their hair has changed. A voice
text: rings out in the hall.
speaker_heading: NEMO’S MOTHER (OFF)
dialog: Nemo? ... Nemo?
text: Nemo wakes with a start. As does Anna. Nemo yanks his pajamas on. *
text: He gets all tangled up in them, falls to the ground, hurries. He’s
text: in a panic. Nemo opens the door to the hall. His mother’s back is
text: to him, and he takes advantage to silently cross the hall, pulling
text: up his pants, and slips into the small study. He jumps into bed as
text: fast as he can and pretends to be asleep. We hear voices in the
dialog: hall.
speaker_heading: ANNA’S FATHER (OFF)
dialog: Isn’t he sleeping in the study? *
speaker_heading: NEMO’S MOTHER (OFF)
dialog: No, I just looked, and he’s not
dialog: there.
text: Nemo opens his eyes, panicking. He jumps out of bed.
speaker_heading: NEMO’ S MOTHER
dialog: Anna, have you seen your brother?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: He’s not my brother.
text: Nemo crosses the hall again as fast as he can, without being seen.
text: He goes into the bathroom, flushes the toilet, slows himself down,
text: and comes back out looking half-asleep.
speaker_heading: NEMO’ S MOTHER
dialog: There you are. Did you sleep well?
text: He groans, returns to the study and gets back into bed - this time *
text: falling asleep for real, exhausted.
text: The camera pulls back.
text: 102A - The camera leaves through the window...
dialog: - 43 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 103 - EXT. CITY — DAY
text: ...The camera is still moving back. We see the apartment building.
text: We move further back. We see the city from above. The image
text: freezes. It is a postcard lying on a table...
scene_heading: 104 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE (1988) — NIGHT
text: The postcard is lying on the kitchen table. We hear the door
dialog: opening.
text: Fourteen-year-old Nemo comes into the house and closes the door
text: behind him. He has different clothes and a different haircut from
text: the previous scene. The father’s voice emerges from the kitchen.
speaker_heading: FATHER (OFF)
dialog: Who’s there?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: It’s me.
text: Nemo comes into the kitchen. His father is in a wheelchair. He has
text: aged. He looks at Nemo strangely. He doesn’t recognize him. Nemo
text: comes over and leans close to his father. He takes his hand. The
text: father is still staring at him.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: It’s me, Dad. Nemo. Your son.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Nemo! Of course, son. Where were
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: At the hardware store, Dad. I *
dialog: always work at the hardware store *
dialog: after school.
text: Nemo grabs a pan and starts cooking.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You know, a boy your age should get
dialog: out more. You can leave me alone *
dialog: you know. I can manage. *
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: It’s no problem, Dad. I like being
dialog: at home.
text: A bit later. They are eating, sitting across the table from each
text: other. The father can only manage to use one clumsy hand. Nemo
text: cuts his meat for him.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: A card from your mother came in the
dialog: mail. You haven’t looked at it.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I know. I’1l1 read it later.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Won’t you go see her someday?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I haven’t seen her in seven years.
dialog: If she’d ever wanted to see me,
dialog: she’d know where to find me. No,
dialog: I’ve got everything I need, Dad.
dialog: Everything’s fine.
text: 104A - A bit later, in the bathroom. Nemo is carrying his father.
text: He undresses him. He gets undressed himself and starts running the
text: shower. He carries his father in his arms and places him under the
text: shower, staying with him. The father clings to his son as best he
text: can and lets himself be washed like a baby. Nemo lathers him up.
text: Nemo dries his father with a towel. He is calm and attentive, his
dialog: gestures assured.
text: 104B - A bit later still, in the father’s bedroom. Nemo dresses
text: his father in his pajamas and puts him to bed. He kisses his
text: forehead and turns out the light.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: Night, Dad.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Goodnight, son.
text: Nemo leaves the room. The father calls him back:
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT.)
dialog: Nemo!
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Yes, Dad?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You’ re a good son, Nemo.
text: Nemo watches as his father falls asleep. He tiptoes out of the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: 105 - EXT. STREET — NIGHT
text: Nemo climbs astride an old motorcycle and kick-starts it. He pulls
text: out slowly. He rides down the road.
dialog: - 45 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: 105A - He rides. He rides faster and faster. He rides at
text: breakneck speed, howling. He rides down a deserted road. He feels
text: the wind on his skin. He rides. He howls. He is mad with rage.
text: 105B - Finally, he arrives in front of his house. He parks his
text: motorcycle silently. He is calm.
scene_heading: 106 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — NIGHT
text: He enters the house without a sound.
text: 106A - He opens the door to his father’s room, finding him asleep.
text: He goes to tuck him in.
text: 106B - Then Nemo enters his own room. He sits down in front of an
text: old typewriter and starts typing. Sheets of paper are piled next
text: to the machine. The metal rods strike the surface of the paper and
dialog: words appear: “After three months and six days...”
speaker_heading: TEENAGE NEMO (OFF)
dialog: After three months and six days of
dialog: travel, the shuttle was heading
text: directly toward the Cancer nebula,
dialog: in line with Uranus and its five
text: moons. It was finally approaching
text: Mars and the colonies. On board,
dialog: the computer was monitoring the
dialog: passengers’ artificial
dialog: hibernation...
scene_heading: 107 - EXT. COSMOS — NIGHT
text: In the distance, the Cancer nebula. A spaceship passes quite near
text: us - propelled by enormous solar sails - and disappears in the
text: immensity of the cosmos, heading toward a small red planet.
scene_heading: 108 - INT. SPACESHIP — NIGHT
text: Adult Nemo is in a state of hibernation in a container behind a
text: pane of glass. He is in his fifties, white silvery hair. He has a
text: burn scar on his face. Computers monitor his condition. A beam of
text: blue light scans him constantly. Articulated arms examine him. On
text: the screens we can see virtual representations of his vital
text: organs. His heartbeat is slowed. In the corridor of the spaceship,
text: three other chambers contain the rest of the crew...
text: We approach Nemo’s frozen face. His eyeballs quiver slightly. His
text: pulse accelerates.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Anna... Anna...
dialog: - 46 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 109 - INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE — DAY
text: During the hypnosis session, the doctor’s pendulum swings evenly
dialog: in front of us...
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Anna... Anna...
scene_heading: 110 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — MORNING
text: Nemo sees a tennis match on television through the open door of
text: his parents’ room. It is the throaty breathing of the players that
dialog: we hear.
scene_heading: 110A - EXT/INT. TERRACE / MOTHERS APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Summer sunshine. Nemo and Anna are lying on the terrace, in
text: swimsuits and sunglasses. They are dozing, exhausted, pretending
text: to read. They pass a joint back and forth. Anna’s foot slips
text: discreetly along Nemo’s thigh.
text: Anna’s father and Nemo’s mother are preparing to go out. Anna
text: hides the joint and waves the smoke away. They giggle.
speaker_heading: NEMO’ S MOTHER
dialog: We’ve got errands to run, we’ll be
text: back in an hour.
speaker_heading: ANNA'S FATHER
dialog: Put on a shirt, Anna... You’re
dialog: going to get sunburned.
text: The father looks at them insistently, as if he has some doubts. As
text: soon as the door is closed, they burst out laughing. They throw
text: themselves at each other, kissing, rolling on the breakfast table,
text: knocking everything to the floor, rolling on the ground,
text: undressing. Anna grasps him between her legs, they roll around on
text: the couch, they roll around on the rug, laughing.
text: They catch their breath. Nemo takes an ice cube from an overturned
text: glass and slides it gently over Anna’s skin. He watches her skin
text: contract, goose bumps appear. He slides the ice from her arm to
text: her belly, then over the tips of her breasts, which stand up.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You're mine.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: And you’re mine.
text: Pause. Nemo looks sad.
dialog: -A7 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: I’m wondering what would have
dialog: happened if we hadn’t met... Maybe
dialog: I’d be with my father. But the most
dialog: important thing would be missing.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: You.
text: Anna holds onto him tightly.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Do you see our future?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I’ve stopped seeing the future. It
dialog: scares me when I don’t see you. I
dialog: don’t want a future if you’re not
dialog: in it.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Forever.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Forever. Whatever happens. There is
dialog: no life without you.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: No life without you.
scene_heading: 111 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — DAWN
text: Teenage Nemo wakes up, gets out of bed.
text: 111A - Nemo and his father are in the bathroom. Nemo applies
text: shaving cream to his father’s face and shaves him carefully. He is
text: calm and attentive, his gestures precise. The blade slides over
text: his father’s neck. He finishes and puts aftershave on him.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You look like my son.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I am your son, Dad.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: My son is taller than you.
text: 111B - Nemo positions his father in front of the window. The
text: father gazes at the clouds moving slowly through the window frame. *
dialog: - 48 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 112 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Nemo is in his room, sitting at his typewriter. His fingers dance
text: quickly over the keys. The pages fill up.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: The spaceship was now only sixty-
dialog: seven thousand kilometers from
dialog: Mars, and we could already see the
text: two moons, Phobos and Deimos. They
dialog: were preparing to spend 779 days
dialog: there, until Mars came close to the
dialog: Earth again.
scene_heading: 113 - INT. SPACESHIP — NIGHT
text: The motionless face of Adult Nemo, in his container. The shuttle’s
text: sails fold in. Mars appears, immense and red. It is magnificent.
text: Its surface is covered with valleys, and we can discern the
dialog: presence of four cities.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE NEMO (OFF)
dialog: The onboard computer displayed: *
text: On the space shuttle, the onboard computer displays the message:
scene_heading: “END OF HIBERNATION.”
scene_heading: 114 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — NIGHT
text: We see the typewriter keys writing on the white paper: *
scene_heading: E-N-D O-F H-I-B-E-R-N-A-T-I-O-N.
text: Nemo rereads the words and stops. He takes the sheet of paper from
text: the typewriter and lays it on the pile of pages that make up his
dialog: novel.
scene_heading: 115 - EXT. VILLAGE STREETS — NIGHT
text: It is dark. Nemo is walking toward the village. He stops in front
text: of the village hall. There is music. Nemo hesitates. He takes a
text: coin from his pocket, flips it, but can’t catch the coin, which
text: falls into the gutter. Nemo goes inside.
scene_heading: 116 - INT. VILLAGE HALL — NIGHT
text: The village hall is crowded, mostly with young people. He hears
text: someone burst out with laughter He sees in the distance a girl his *
text: age, ELISE, who is laughing. She turns toward him. She gives hima
text: little wave. A handsome young man, STEFANO, is next to her.
dialog: - 49 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: Elise holds onto his arm, and Stefano holds his girlfriend’s hand
text: and kisses her. Elise whispers something in his ear.
speaker_heading: STEFANO
dialog: Are you crazy, or what?
text: Elise turns white. She passes from giggles to sobs. She crouches
text: on the ground. Nemo freezes, watching.
speaker_heading: STEFANO (CONT.)
dialog: Come on, it’s no big deal, I didn’t
dialog: say anything mean.
text: Someone tries to help Elise up, but she stomps her feet on the
text: ground, then tries to control herself, but breaks down crying
text: again. People are uncomfortable. Elise pushes her way through the
text: crowd. She is heading right toward Nemo, and stops in front of
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Shall we go, Nemo?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Shall we go? This is such a bore.
text: She takes his arm and drags him toward the exit.
scene_heading: 117 - EXT. STREET — NIGHT
text: Nemo and Elise come out of the village hall. Nemo is
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: How do you know my name?
text: Elise’s eyes are still full of tears. She hiccups. He gives her a
text: handkerchief. She refuses it.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: You’11 drown.
text: She smiles. She looks at Nemo. She thinks he’s nice. She takes the
text: handkerchief, blows her nose. She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: We go to the same school, but
dialog: you've never noticed me. You never
dialog: look at anyone. Do you have a *
dialog: girlfriend?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: - 50 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Are you queer? Why don’t you have a *
dialog: girlfriend?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I don’t know. I don’t want one.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Tell me about yourself. You used to
dialog: wet your pants. Everyone thinks
dialog: you're a weirdo. You’re always all *
dialog: alone. Talk. Say something.
speaker_heading: NEMO
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Do you like me? Do you think I’m
dialog: pretty? You don’t like my accent, *
dialog: do you? What are you thinking? *
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I’ve got a bit of a headache. *
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Say something, come on!
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Gravity on Mars is .38. Three times
text: less than on Earth. The ground is
text: covered with iron oxide dust.
text: Elise bursts out laughing. She looks at him, melting.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: You’re incredible. Raise you hand
dialog: and say “I swear.”
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Promise that if I die, you’ll go
dialog: spread my ashes on Mars.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: It is estimated that travel to Mars
dialog: would take six to eight months. The
dialog: first passengers will be white
dialog: mice.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Say “I swear.”
dialog: -51-
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: (not daring to contradict her)
dialog: I swear.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: We were neighbors when we were
dialog: little. Elise... Don’t you
dialog: remember?
text: 117A - Flash: a little girl in a yellow dress watches child Nemo
text: go by. On one side of her a little girl in a pink dress, on the
text: other side one in a blue dress.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Elise! ... Yes. I had the feeling
dialog: I’d seen you somewhere...
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: That’s called déja vu. They say
dialog: that it’s the signal from the eyes
dialog: going through your memory before...
dialog: *
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: No, that’s not it...
text: 117B - Flash: Nemo and Elise are sleeping in each other’s arms, as
text: adults, surrounded by their three children.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE ELISE
dialog: In another life then? Anyway, I
dialog: remembered you!
text: She takes his hand and moves close to him. He squeezes her hand.
text: They look into each other’s eyes. He blushes, stirred up. She
text: brings her face close to him. He approaches too. She steps back.
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: You shouldn’t. You don’t know me...
dialog: I’m not a good person.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Why do you say that?
text: Elise starts crying. He caresses her face. She moves close to him.
text: She kisses him. She suddenly turns around and runs away.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: Elise! Wait!
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I’1l call you!
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: You don’t have my number!
dialog: - 52 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 118 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — NIGHT
text: 118A - Nemo is looking at the phone. It doesn’t ring.
text: Sitting at the table in his room, Nemo writes a letter. He writes,
text: “Dear Elise,” then stops. He wads up the page, takes a new one. He
text: is in front of a blank page. He doesn’t know what to write. He
text: shakes. Beads of sweat stand out on his forehead. Slowly, he
text: begins writing. His pen glides over the page making a sharp little
dialog: noise.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (OFF)
dialog: What happens when we fall in love?
dialog: As a result of certain stimuli, the
text: hypothalamus releases a powerful
dialog: discharge of endorphins...
scene_heading: 119 - INT. TV STUDIO — DAY
text: Adult Nemo is looking into the camera. It is a popular science
dialog: program.
text: 119A - A cross-section of a brain is in superimposition.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: But why exactly that woman or that
dialog: man? Is there a release of
dialog: odourless pheromones that
dialog: correspond to a complementary
dialog: genetic signal? Or is it physical
dialog: features that we recognize? A
dialog: mother’s eyes? A sister’s dimple?
text: An smell that stimulates a happy
dialog: memory?
text: 119B - We see brief flashes of Elise looking at Nemo. We see her
text: eyes, very close up...
text: 119C - We see the eyes of Nemo’s mother.
text: We see Elise’s nose. The mouth, the chin. We see the hands. Her
text: haircut is similar to his mother’s. We see Nemo looking at her,
text: breathing. We go into a nostril.
text: 119D - We see glands contracting, we see the heart beating faster,
dialog: the blood flow increasing...
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: Is love part of a plan? A vast war
dialog: plan between two modes of
dialog: reproduction? Bacteria and viruses
dialog: are asexual organisms.
dialog: - 53 -
speaker_heading: + eH OF
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: 119E - We see bacteria multiplying through cell division. We see
text: their genomes dividing into two perfectly identical codes.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: With each cell division, each
dialog: multiplication, they mutate and
dialog: perfect themselves, much more
dialog: quickly than we do. Against this,
dialog: we respond with a fearsome weapon:
dialog: sex. Two individuals, by mixing
text: their genes, shuffle the cards and
dialog: create an individual who resists
dialog: viruses better the more dissimilar
dialog: he or she is.
dialog: 119F - We see DNA mixing to produce a different combination.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: Are we unknowing participants in a
dialog: war that is beyond us, a war
dialog: between two modes of reproduction?
text: Credits music. The images stop rolling behind Nemo. The tape
text: rewinds. The background goes out, leaving a blue screen. Nemo
text: consults his papers and looks at his watch. The lights go on. We
text: are in a TV studio.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: Okay, that’s good for today.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: (to Peter, a passing assistant)
dialog: Was I okay? *
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I thought it was good.
text: Nemo takes out his cell phone and dials a number.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Honey? I’m running a little late. *
scene_heading: 120 - EXT. ANNA AND NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY
text: Anna answers her cell phone in front of a pretty white house. The
text: children play around her as she escorts them inside.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: No problem. We’1l wait.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Anna! I love you.
dialog: - 54 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I love you more.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Me more.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Me more.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Cheater.
scene_heading: 121 - EXT. TV STUDIO — DAY
text: Nemo hangs up. He is walking briskly out of the studio. He takes
text: his keys from his pocket. He climbs into his car and drives away.
text: He passes a cyclist, who is forced to brake. The cyclist stops and
text: lets him past.
scene_heading: 122 - EXT. WOODS — DAY
text: Nemo’s car is driving fast down a road that goes through a wooded
text: area. In the distance, birds are bustling in the branches,
text: chirping away. They land on the road surface, pecking at seeds.
text: Nemo’s car suddenly appears. One of the birds hits his windshield.
text: 122A - Nemo swerves to the side, skidding. The car zigzags. Nemo
text: loses control of the vehicle, and it goes off the road, plunging
dialog: into a river...
scene_heading: 123 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY
text: The car sinks under the water... Water pours in through the half-
text: open window. There is no more air. Nemo struggles. Bubbles come
text: out of his mouth. He strikes at the door in vain. His gestures
dialog: become slower.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Shit... I’ve got to go back. I have *
dialog: to start again...
text: In the rearview mirror we see:
scene_heading: 124 - EXT. COUNTRY RAILROAD STATION — DAY
text: Child Nemo is running after the train that is taking his mother
text: away. A baggage handler passes in front of Nemo with his cart.
dialog: - 55 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: Nemo stops and watches the train move away. The train moves
dialog: away...
scene_heading: 125 - EXT. ELISE’S STREET — DAY
text: ...veflected in the motorcycle rearview mirror. Teenage Nemo is
text: sitting astride his stationary motorcycle. He is holding his
text: letter in his hand. He is watching a house, and sees Elise come
text: outside. He hides. He is going to approach her. He doesn’t dare.
text: He clutches his letter so hard he crushes it. He sees Elise emerge
text: from her house, laughing with Stefano. Nemo blanches. Their eyes
text: meet. Nemo looks down and rides away.
speaker_heading: STEFANO
dialog: Do you know him?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: That’s Nemo. He’s weird. He does
dialog: everything he can to avoid me.
scene_heading: 126 - EXT. ROAD — NIGHT
text: Nemo is racing his motorcycle. He is going at breakneck speed. The
text: wind is whipping at his face, tears run down his cheeks. He howls,
text: but his voice is covered by the motorcycle’s roar. It’s the same
text: road as usual, we recognize the bends. The road rushes by. The
text: wind fills Nemo’s eyes with tears. The turns are tight.
text: 126A - Just ahead, a dead leaf lies on the roadway. The motorcycle
text: approaches. All of a sudden, he skids. The motorcycle swerves.
text: Nemo crashes to the ground. He is lying beside the road,
text: motionless. Nothing moves. Oil from the motorcycle empties drop by
text: drop onto the asphalt.
text: 126B - Later. An ambulance is on the scene. There is a lot of
text: commotion. Flashes of light. Feet and hands going by. People are
text: trying to keep Nemo awake. He is carried away on a stretcher.
text: Nurses talk to him, but he hears nothing. They put an oxygen mask
text: over his face.
scene_heading: 127 - INT. HOSPITAL (1988) — DAY
text: A body is lying on a hospital bed. It is hooked up to all kinds of
text: tubes, breathing machines. It doesn’t move. It is fourteen-year-
text: old Nemo. His face is half-covered by masks and tubes. We can make
text: out a presence around him. We sense a nurse placing a thermometer
text: under his arm.
speaker_heading: NURSE 1 (OFF)
dialog: Do you think he can hear us? Have
dialog: you seen any reactions? *
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NURSE 2 (OFF)
dialog: I don’t know. But I’ve got a funny *
dialog: feeling that he can... *
text: Nemo is confined to the bed and does not move. Nurse 1 leans over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: NURSE 1
dialog: Sir? If you can hear me, move your *
dialog: finger.
text: Nemo’s hand. Nothing moves.
speaker_heading: NEMO’S VOICE (OFF)
dialog: Who’s there? ... What am I doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: NURSE 1
dialog: Can you move your eyes?
text: Nemo’s eyes remain hopelessly closed.
speaker_heading: NEMO’S VOICE (OFF)
dialog: (getting louder and louder)
dialog: I’ve got to get out of here... Go
dialog: back before the accident... I’VE
dialog: GOT TO WAKE UP!
text: 127A - We move away from him at top speed, passing through the
text: walls, the hallways...
text: 127B - We pass through the windshield of the ambulance as is it
text: racing through the streets.
text: 127C - Flash: we see the motorcycle accident in reverse.
scene_heading: 128 - EXT. ELISE’S STREET — DAY
text: Back in time... Nemo is astride his stationary motorcycle. He is
text: holding his letter. Stefano walks away down the sidewalk, Nemo
text: hasn’t seen him. He is watching Elise as she comes out of her
text: house. He approaches her and stops in front of her. He looks her
text: straight in the eye. She is both surprised and happy. He gives her
dialog: the envelope.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I believe in one thing. I believe
dialog: we should always say “I love you”
dialog: to the people we love.
text: They look at each other intensely.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: I love you.
dialog: -57 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: She is deeply moved. He kisses her on the lips. She hugs him
text: tightly. They kiss for a long time, without coming up for air.
text: Suddenly, she draws back.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I’m not a good person, Nemo. We...
dialog: We shouldn’t. I... I love Stefano.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Stefano. You saw him, at the party
dialog: with me. I... He doesn’t love me.
dialog: He’s with...that idiot...
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: And so?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I love him anyway. I can’t help
dialog: myself. I’m in love with him. I...
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Nemo is dumbfounded. He stares at her without moving. A butterfly
text: passes above them, pirouetting in the sky.
scene_heading: 129 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — EVENING
text: Nemo is crushed. He is playing chess with himself. His father
text: looks at him tenderly.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Dad, I’m getting married.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Oh? And who’s the lucky lady?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: It’s not that. I’m going to marry
dialog: the first girl who dances with me
dialog: tonight.
scene_heading: 130 - INT. VILLAGE HALL — NIGHT
text: A dance in the village hall. Everyone is dressed differently from
text: the first time. Nemo comes in. He sees Elise on the other side of
text: the room. Their eyes meet. He wants to go over to her, but she
text: turns away. She asks Stefano to dance. It’s a slow dance, the
text: lights are dim. Nemo watches her. She presses close to Stefano,
text: puts her arms around his neck. She glances at Nemo. Nemo blushes,
text: furious, and turns away. He asks the first girl he sees to dance.
text: It is TEENAGE JEAN. She smiles at him, and seems very nice.
dialog: - 58 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Thanks, Nemo.
text: They go onto the dance floor and dance pressed closely together
text: Nemo looks at Elise dancing with Stefano. He is furious. Jean
text: looks at Nemo. Elise glances at them. Nemo looks at Jean. He
text: slowly moves his face toward hers. She pulls back a bit,
text: hesitates. Nemo brings his lips to hers, and they kiss. Jean
text: hesitates for a moment, then lets herself go, puts her arms around
text: him. Elise forces herself to smile at Stefano. She pretends to be
text: happy. Jean presses herself to Nemo. She is truly happy. She is in
text: love. Nemo is furious. He lets himself be embraced by Jean, who is
text: smiling, her eyes closed, tears in her eyes. She whispers:
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT.)
dialog: Nemo... Nemo...
text: Nemo closes his eyes. The image fades to black.
scene_heading: 131 - EXT. COUNTRY ROAD — NIGHT
text: Nemo, his face hard, is riding at top speed on his motorcycle.
text: Jean is astride behind him, her arms around him, holding on.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: On that day, I will make a lot of
dialog: foolish decisions. ONE: I will
dialog: never leave anything to chance
dialog: again...
text: Teenage Nemo looks right at the camera and says:
speaker_heading: TEENAGE NEMO
dialog: ONE: I will never leave anything to
dialog: chance again. TWO: I will marry the
text: girl on my motorcycle. THREE: I’11
dialog: be rich. FOUR: We’ll have a house.
text: A big house. Painted yellow. With a
dialog: yard. And two children, Paul and
dialog: Michael. FIVE: Til have a
dialog: convertible. Red. And a swimming
dialog: pool. I’1l learn to swim. SIX: I
dialog: won’t stop until I’ve succeeded.
text: 131A - Nemo’s speech is peppered with FLASHES: Adult Jean. A white
text: house, that grows bigger when the voice over says “big house” and
text: turns yellow when the voice says “Yellow.” A yard spreads around
text: it, and an automatic sprinkler system starts up. A blue
text: convertible appears in front of the garage and turns red when the
text: voice says “Red.” Two children pose in front of the house holding
text: hands. Their t-shirts read “Paul” and “Michael”.
dialog: - 59 -
dialog: *
dialog: + + OF
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 132 - EXT. NEMO AND JEAN’S YARD — DAWN
text: The big pool in Nemo and Jean’s yard, at dawn. Adult Nemo, in his
text: bathrobe, is on the diving board, a bottle of scotch in his hand.
text: He falls forward and spins in the air for a few seconds before
text: plunging under the water.
scene_heading: 133 - EXT. NEMO AND JEAN’S YARD — DAY
text: The vast estate. A gardener is mowing the lawn. Nemo floats in the
text: pool, almost motionless. Jean screams and dives in fully dressed
dialog: to save him.
dialog: Black.
speaker_heading: PAUL (OFF)
dialog: Daddy? ... Daddy?
speaker_heading: JEAN (OFF)
dialog: Paul, don’t wake your father!
text: 133A - Nemo’s eyes pop open. He was sleeping on a chaise lounge,
text: holding a glass of juice. He is beside a tarp-covered pool. Nemo
text: looks at Jean.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Elise?
text: The woman looks surprised. Nemo puts down his glass.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: It’s me, Jean... Who’s Elise? *
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Jean? ... Oh, right...
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Paul, you can keep playing.
text: Paul walks away. Nemo’s expression is blank. His children are
text: laughing as they play with a dog. Nemo moves to pick up his glass,
dialog: but it’s not there anymore.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Didn’t I have a glass?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: No... You’re still tired, Nemo. You
dialog: need to rest.
text: She looks at him, a silent moment. Nemo looks at his shoe,
text: intrigued. The lace is broken. He pulls it off.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT.)
dialog: Nemo... Do I matter to you?
text: Nemo looks at her.
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT.)
dialog: I’d just like to ask you one
dialog: question. Did you do it on purpose?
text: Nemo looks at her, uncomprehending. Jean takes a paper from her
text: pocket and unfolds it. She hands it to Nemo.
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT.)
dialog: I found it on the bedside table.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Did I write that?... It is my
dialog: writing. I don’t remember...
text: Jean takes the paper back.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “There comes a time in life when
dialog: everything seems narrow. Choices
dialog: have been made. I can only continue
dialog: on. I know myself inside out, I can
dialog: predict my every reaction.
dialog: Everything is predictable. My life
dialog: has been cast in cement, with
dialog: airbags and seatbelts. I’ve
dialog: controlled everything. I’ve done
dialog: everything to reach this point, and
dialog: now that I’m here, I’m fucking
dialog: bored. The hardest thing is knowing
dialog: whether I’m still alive.”
scene_heading: 134 - INT. OFFICE — NIGHT
text: Nemo is in his office, plunged in darkness. There is a picture of
text: Jean on his desk. He looks at the broken shoelace in his hand. He
text: looks at a candle flame. He holds his hand over the flame to see
text: if it burns. He holds it there as long as he can. His hand starts
dialog: to smoke.
scene_heading: 135 - INT. ANNA’S ROOM IN THE MOTHER’S HOUSE — DAY
text: Teenage Nemo wakes with a start. He looks at his hand, which is
text: unscathed. Blonde hair is spread out next to him. He studies it.
text: It is Anna. They are in Anna’s room. She also wakes up.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Jean?
dialog: 11
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Anna, is that you? I had a dream...
dialog: a weird dream.
text: They hear a noise. Nemo jumps out of bed. He looks at the time,
text: pulls on a t-shirt as fast as he can.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Fast!
text: Nemo opens the door a crack. No one. Nemo tiptoes down the hall.
text: We no longer hear sounds of love from the parents’ room, but
text: sounds of fighting.
scene_heading: 136 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY
text: Breakfast. No one is talking. Anna’s father and Nemo’s mother are
text: not speaking. They are angry with each other. Anna and Nemo glance
text: at them discreetly.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Everything okay?
speaker_heading: ANNA'S FATHER
dialog: Everything’s great. Mind your own
dialog: business.
text: Everyone stares at their food in silence.
speaker_heading: NEMO’ S MOTHER
dialog: Well. It is important for you to
dialog: understand... In life, things don’t
dialog: always work out the way we plan
dialog: them. Harry and I thought... Life
dialog: isn’t always what we think it will
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: What are you talking about? I don’t
dialog: get it.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Anna already knows.
text: Nemo turns toward Anna, who looks away.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT.)
dialog: Harry and I are going to separate.
text: Nemo looks at his mother as if he can’t believe it.
dialog: 11
dialog: + + OF
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: What? But why? You have no right,
dialog: I... What’s wrong with y... *
speaker_heading: ANNA'S FATHER
dialog: You've played your part in it. I
dialog: don’t know what’s going on between
dialog: you two, and I don’t want to know.
dialog: It’s sick. You're brother and
dialog: sister. It is better that... *
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: We are NOT brother and sister!
text: Anna runs to her room and slams the door. Nemo follows her.
scene_heading: 137 - INT. ANNA’S ROOM — DAY
text: Nemo bursts into Anna’s room, but she avoids his eyes. He locks
text: the door behind him.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: You knew? ... And you didn’t tell
dialog: me?
text: He turns away, furious. Anna takes him in her arms, holds him
text: tight, sobs. He turns toward her, also crying. Her father knocks
text: furiously at the door.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: Where? Where are you going?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: To New York. In ten days. My father
dialog: found a job there.
text: Both of them are crushed. They don’t move. They hold each other
dialog: tightly.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT.)
dialog: We'll meet every Sunday, near the
dialog: lighthouse. Okay? Until we see each
dialog: other again. For life. Okay? It’s
dialog: not over. We still have time. We
dialog: have to take advantage of every
dialog: minute.
text: They kiss.
text: 137A - A little later. They are lying on the floor, motionless,
text: holding hands. The sunlight moves through the room. They do not
dialog: move. It is endless.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Ten days, that makes... 14,400
dialog: minutes. I wish everything would
dialog: stop right now, and things to stay *
dialog: this way forever.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: They say that if you slow your *
text: breathing, time slows down. The *
dialog: Hindus say so.
text: They stare into each other’s eyes, without moving, holding hands.
text: They hold their breath.
text: A little later, at night. They make love, almost without moving,
text: in slow motion.
text: A little later. Through the window, they watch the sun rise. The
text: branches of the trees dance in slow motion... They turn toward
text: each other in slow motion. Their fingers touch. We hear a faucet
dialog: dripping. *
text: 137B - A drop falls from the bathroom faucet, its fall slowing...
text: and it stops in mid air, as if time had stopped.
scene_heading: 138 - EXT. SPACE AND MISC. — DAY
dialog: The planets slow their rotation...
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Will time stop moving when the
dialog: expansion of the universe reaches
dialog: its end?
text: We pull back, away from the solar system. We see galaxies, move
text: back even more, see a mass of galaxies, pull back more, see a kind
text: of brilliance, a drop. We pull even further back and we see that
text: it is lachrymal fluid from an eyelid. We see an eye. We pull
dialog: further back.
dialog: 138A - It is Anna’s eye...
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: Is the universe a miniscule part of
dialog: a much greater ensemble? Is_ the
dialog: entire universe contained in a
text: microscopic molecule, in a tear
text: perched on an eyelid?
scene_heading: 139 - INT. NEMO’S ROOM — DAY
text: A shining tear falls from Anna’s eyelid and runs down her cheek.
text: The shadows of two teenage hands on the wall...
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: They touch, caress each other... Dust dances in the air, around
text: their fingers... Through the window, falling autumn leaves hang in
dialog: the air...
text: Very close up, Anna’s mouth, her lips.
scene_heading: 140 - INT. NEMO’S ROOM — NIGHT
text: Nemo and Anna are lying side by side, their eyes open... Anna
text: touches her nose to Nemo’s skin...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I have to remember the smell of *
dialog: every part of your body. I’1l1 never
dialog: forget.
text: She runs her nose over Nemo’s torso.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT.)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You're the first and last person
dialog: I’ll ever love.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You are the first and the last.
text: They make love.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: We’1l meet near the lighthouse. And
dialog: we’l1l write.
text: They kiss. They hold each other tight.
scene_heading: 141 - INT. HALL IN THE MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY
text: Anna’s room is empty. The boxes are stacked in the hall. Anna’s
text: father walks down the hall. Movers take the things away.
scene_heading: 142 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING
text: Nemo closes himself in his room. He leans against the door. He
text: doesn’t want to see. He is crying.
speaker_heading: ANNA’S FATHER (OFF)
dialog: Anna, it’s time to go...
text: Nemo doesn’t open. He listens at the door. He kneels down and
text: looks through the lock. Through the hole, he sees Anna’s eye. He
text: hears her whisper.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ANNA (OFF)
dialog: I love you.
text: A noise. Anna’s eye is no longer visible. The front door closes.
text: Nemo opens his bedroom door and runs as fast as he can to catch
dialog: them.
text: 142A - He rushes down the stairs.
scene_heading: 143 - EXT. STREET — NIGHT
text: Nemo reaches the street just as the car is pulling away. We see
text: the two red running lights move away and turn left. Nemo decides
text: to cut through on a parallel street. He runs as fast as he can. He
text: is out of breath, frowns, but runs even faster. He sees between
text: the houses that he is even with the car. The car moves slightly
text: ahead of him. Nemo accelerates. He knocks over garbage cans. The
text: fences on the street rush past.
text: 143A - He reaches a major road. He sees the headlights turn into
text: the street and come toward him. Nemo stops, and without
text: hesitating, steps into the road, spreading his arms in the
text: darkness to stop the car. The headlights approach. The light
text: blinds him, and he squints. The headlights come closer, without
text: slowing down... They are very close.
text: Suddenly, the two headlights separate and pass on either side of
text: him. Nemo can’t believe it. He turns around. It was two scooters,
text: which are continuing on their way.
speaker_heading: SCOOTER RIDER
dialog: Hey kid, don’t stand there!
text: Nemo watches them go, dazed, desperate. He howls into the night:
speaker_heading: NEMO
speaker_heading: ANNAAAAAA!
scene_heading: 144 - INT. SPACESHIP — NIGHT
text: The motionless face of adult Nemo. Frost sticks to his beard and
text: eyelashes. His skin is almost blue. Probes provide readings of the
text: weak, distant beating of his heart.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (OFF)
dialog: (whispering, very near
dialog: Anna! ... Anna?
text: 144A - Flash: the three little girls in their colorful dresses:
dialog: Anna, Elise, Jean.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: TEENAGE NEMO (OFF)
dialog: “After ninety days, the onboard
dialog: computer is still maintaining the
dialog: passengers’ metabolism at the level
dialog: of a hibernating frog.”
text: Nemo’s face. We hear Indian music. Reflected in the glass of the
text: container, the image of a television.
scene_heading: 145 - INT. HOSPITAL (1988) — DAY
text: Indian music coming from a television set... In the on-duty
text: personnel station, an Indian nurse is watching a brightly colored
text: film: an Indian singer is declaring his undying love to a beauty.
text: 145A - Teenage Nemo, in a coma, lies motionless on his hospital
text: bed, hooked up to machines.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE NEMO (OFF)
dialog: “He had always been fascinated by
dialog: the fact that certain frogs can
dialog: spend the winter completely frozen,
dialog: and that, when spring comes, comma,
text: they defrost and begin living
text: again. Period. The onboard computer
dialog: displayed:”
scene_heading: 146 - INT. SPACESHIP — NIGHT
text: The computer onboard the spaceship displays: “END OF HIBERNATION.”
text: The ice on Nemo’s face instantly melts and runs off. His color
text: returns. Vital functions return to normal: pulse, brain, nervous
text: system... The door to the hibernation chambers opens.
text: Nemo is in his fifties and has a burn scar on his face.
text: 146A - We are in the center ring of the spaceship. Big bay windows
text: look out into space. Hibernation cases open all along the ring,
text: releasing passengers of every nationality. A stewardesses pass
text: with fruit juice. Television screens broadcast a loop of images of
text: earth: grass, clouds, rivers. Everything makes one think more of
dialog: tourism than of a scientific expedition: the big bay windows
text: looking out over the landscape, the chairs positioned to admire
text: the view, the music. Welcome messages are played in every
text: language. The passengers are handed suspicious-looking green meal
text: trays. The planet Mars appears in the spaceship’s line of vision,
text: huge and red. The tourists look on in wonder. Nemo is seated among
text: them. He is holding his suitcase on his knees, and on top of it,
text: an urn.
speaker_heading: A PASSENGER
dialog: This is a dream come true to me... *
dialog: There are two tragedies in life. *
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: A PASSENGER (cont'd)
dialog: One is not to fulfill your dreams.
dialog: The other is to fulfill them.
text: (He looks through the window.)
dialog: It doesn’t look like there’s much
dialog: to do. I hope I brought enough
dialog: sudoku puzzles.
scene_heading: 147 - INT. HOSPITAL (1988) — DAY
text: Nemo remains entirely motionless.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: If I could at least move my
dialog: fingers... Or my eyes... Someone
dialog: just came in...
text: The floor vibrates softly under the feet of a nurse as she comes
text: into the room. She opens the curtains.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: Daytime... It’s daytime... The sun
text: is out... It’s warmer on the left
dialog: than on the right...
text: The nurse undresses him. He feels her lifting his arm.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: She’s different from the one this
dialog: morning... Not the same perfume...
text: Her hands are soft.
text: She washes him. He feels the washcloth on his skin. The sun is
text: shining on his face, and the shadow of the nurse passes back and
text: forth over him. Nemo feels with pleasure the contact of her hands
text: on his skin. The washcloth slides over his chest. A ray of sun
text: washes over Nemo’s face. The nurse offers an unexpected gesture of
text: tenderness to the teenager. She looks around to see that no one is
text: looking, then she kisses Nemo’s forehead.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: Elise... Is that Elise?
text: The Indian music gets louder.
speaker_heading: 148 - INDIAN MOVIE
text: The sun shines in the sky. The hero is singing to his love. They
text: gallop on horseback over the hills. They embrace.
scene_heading: 149 - EXT. ELISE’S STREET — DAY
text: Back in time... Nemo is holding his letter. He stops before Elise.
text: He looks into her eyes.
speaker_heading: + FH HOF
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I believe one thing. I believe we
dialog: should always say “I love you” to
dialog: the people we love.
text: They look at each other intensely.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: I love you.
text: She is deeply moved. He kisses her on the lips. She suddenly draws
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I’m not a good person, Nemo. We...
dialog: We shouldn’t. I...
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: You’re the one I love.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I have to tell you...
text: He puts a finger to her lips to stop her.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Shhh... Don’t say anything. You can
dialog: count on me for Mars. I promise.
text: She smiles. He kisses her. She hesitates, then hugs him tightly.
text: They kiss lengthily, without coming up for air. A place goes by in
text: the background, pulling a streamer.
scene_heading: 150 - EXT. CHURCH — DAY
text: Adult Nemo and Elise step out of a church under a rain of rice.
text: They are married. They get into a white car decorated with a
text: ribbon reading “JUST MARRIED.” They drive away.
speaker_heading: 151 - MODEL
text: A toy airplane, held in a child’s hand. The plane flies our a map.
text: On the map, the letters “OCEAN” run past. The plane flies over
dialog: North America.
scene_heading: 152 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S ROOM (2006) — DAY
text: An alarm clock rings. Nemo and Elise are thirty-six. Nemo gets up.
text: The scene is identical to the one at the beginning of the film.
text: Elise is sleeping. Nemo goes into the bathroom. We stay with
text: Elise, whose back is to Nemo. Her eyes are open. Tears stream down
text: her cheeks. Nemo didn’t see her cry.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: Nemo comes back into the room. He lies down next to Elise. Elise
text: opens her eyes. As soon as she sees him, she cries more.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I dreamt I was somewhere else...
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Want us to go for a stroll today? *
dialog: Do you want me to...
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I don’t want anything. Nothing.
text: She starts crying again, her chin trembling, shaking from head to
dialog: foot.
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: I’m so lousy... I’m worthless. I *
dialog: can’t stand this life anymore.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: You’re not lousy, you’re fantastic.
dialog: You’re exhausted, that’s all. It’ll
dialog: be fine, you’ll come out of it.
dialog: Think about it... You've got
dialog: incredible kids, you’ve got...
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Stop trying to cheer me up, it
dialog: makes me feel even guiltier.
text: She is lying down, sobbing. Nemo looks at her, powerless.
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: What’s wrong with me? What’s wrong
dialog: with me?
text: She turns toward him.
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: Do something! Do something to make
dialog: it stop!
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I think it would be good if I
dialog: called a doctor.
dialog: - 70 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: She turns back toward him, her lips taut, waving a finger at him.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: No doctors!
text: Nemo puts a hand on her shoulder. She pulls away brusquely.
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: Please... don’t touch me.
scene_heading: 153 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Nemo is preparing breakfast, the children are at the table. They
text: look a little worried. Nemo tries to be lighthearted.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: How’ s mum?
speaker_heading: NEMO
text: She’s tired. She’s sleeping.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: She’s always tired.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (as if distractedly)
dialog: Is she depressed?
speaker_heading: NEMO
text: She has ups and downs.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I don’t know about you, but next
dialog: time mum has one of her crisis, I’m
dialog: going to go live somewhere else.
text: Nemo freezes, looks at her. He doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: So, does anyone have a joke? What’s
text: small, green, and goes up and down?
speaker_heading: EVE
text: A pea in an elevator. It’s not
dialog: funny. Old people humour.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I’1ll take you to school. Joyce, are
dialog: you gonna be all right?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Of course. It’s not because mum’s
dialog: not okay that I’m not okay.
dialog: -71-
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 154 - EXT. SCHOOL STREET — DAY
text: It is raining. Nemo drops off the children in front of the school
text: and drives away.
scene_heading: 155 - INT. CAR WASH — DAY
text: Nemo is in his car. Soapsuds spread across his windshield, swept
text: by a noisy, spinning brush. It’s pretty. Jets of water push the
text: suds to the side windows. The car moves forward on its own, pulled
text: by the mechanism. Nemo watches. It relaxes him.
scene_heading: 156 - EXT. CAR WASH — DAY
text: Nemo leaves the car wash. He stops at a red light. Behind the
text: wheel of the car next to him is Anna. Children are in the back
text: seat of her car. Their eyes meet for an instant. They don’t take
text: note, don’t know each other. Anna pulls away before Nemo.
scene_heading: 157 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY
text: A picture of teenage Anna stands on the desk. Teenage Nemo is
text: writing a letter. His mother walks past in the background. He
text: closes the envelope, writes Anna’s address. He closes his eyes and
dialog: concentrates.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Anna.
scene_heading: 158 - INT./EXT. NEW YORK - HARRY’S HOUSE — DAY
text: The postman slips Nemo’s letter into a mailbox. Harry comes out of
text: the house, picks up the mail. He tears up Nemo’s letter.
scene_heading: 159 - EXT. PUBLIC PARK — DAY
text: It is winter. Nemo is near the lighthouse where he and Anna said
text: they would meet. He is alone, sitting on a bench. The park is
text: deserted. Nemo closes his eyes and concentrates.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Anna... Can you hear me?
scene_heading: 160 - EXT. NEW YORK — DAY
text: It is winter. Anna is walking down a street, over a bridge. She
text: closes her eyes...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Nemo...
dialog: Sometimes I
dialog: remembering
dialog: reconstruct you
dialog: inch,
scene_heading: 161 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT
dialog: your
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: (OFF)
dialog: I talk to you all the time.
dialog: have
dialog: face.
dialog: in my mind,
dialog: trouble
dialog: So I
dialog: inch by
dialog: until I can see you again...
speaker_heading: — DAY
text: It is snowing outside. Movers
text: the mother directs them. The
text: door. She discretely tears up
text: are carrying boxes from the house as
text: mother picks up the mail under the
text: a letter and throws it away.
scene_heading: 162 - INT./EXT. MISC. — DAY/NIGHT
text: Nemo slips an envelope into a mailbox.
dialog: 162A - We see the path the letter follows. The address is
text: optically scanned. The letter enters an automated routing system.
text: It is bundled with other letters, all tied together. The bundle is
text: thrown in with others in big canvas bags. The bags are
text: transported. The bags are opened. The strings around the bundles
text: are cut. The letters are sorted into small slots. A stamp hits the
text: letter: “NO LONGER AT THIS ADDRESS.”
scene_heading: 163 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING
text: Nemo is holding the letter. The apartment is almost empty. Nemo is
text: at the table, across from his mother. His eyes are red from
text: crying. He stares at his plate with no appetite.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Come on, eat your
dialog: do you good.
dialog: zucchini. It’l1l
text: Nemo looks hopelessly at the slices of zucchini in his plate.
scene_heading: 164 - EDUCATIONAL TV PROGRAM
text: A zucchini plant in a garden, with its big leaves.
text: appears in superimposition, speaking to the camera.
dialog: Adult Nemo
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO
dialog: Does the zucchini know pain?
text: A caterpillar moves across a leaf and begins eating it. We see the
text: zucchini plant in cross-section. A red glow appears in the roots
text: and spreads through the stems. Adult Nemo’s face reflected on the
text: teleprompter. The text goes by.
dialog: -73-
dialog: "Mr.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (CONT.)
text: When the insect bites into the
dialog: leaf, the plant finds a bitter
dialog: substance in its roots that it
text: diffuses into the leaves to make
text: them inedible.
scene_heading: NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: The insect abandons the leaf. On another leaf, a kind of beetle is
text: cutting a circular trench.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: Epilachna borealis has found how to
dialog: block that move: they cut a
text: circular trench through the leaf
text: before the bitterness reaches it
dialog: and feed on the inside.
text: The insect eats the edible disk.
speaker_heading: ADULT NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: What does the zucchini feel? Is it
dialog: pain? Is information carried
dialog: chemically less painful than
dialog: information carried by a _ nervous
dialog: system? Does the zucchini cry out
dialog: when you chew it?
scene_heading: 165 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING
text: The mother is chewing a mouthful of zucchini. Nemo looks at the
text: slices in his plate.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We need to look to the future. It
dialog: will be good to change houses, to
dialog: have a new life...
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Will we have a pool?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You hate water. You don’t know how
dialog: to swim. You never know what you
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I do know.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That’s news. And what is it you
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I know what I don’t want.
dialog: - 74 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: So what is it you don’t want? *
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I don’t want to be like you.
text: The mother registers the blow.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: You know nothing about me. I’ve
dialog: always loved pools. When I’m older,
dialog: I’1l have a pool.
scene_heading: 166 - EXT. VILLA — MORNING
text: Adult Nemo is using a net to fish leaves from the surface of a
text: magnificent pool in the garden of a magnificent villa. His
text: gestures are calm and precise. An idyllic image. His hair is
text: longer and his is unshaven.
text: A man in a bathrobe comes out of the house and hands him some
text: money. Nemo thanks him and climbs into a truck marked “Pool
text: Maintenance” with two colleagues.
scene_heading: 167 - INT. URBAN TRAIN STATION — DAY
text: Nemo is leaving the station. On the big clock, the time reads
text: 9:12. In the corridor, he passes a girl with a shaved head who is
text: panhandling, sitting on the ground. He gives her some change. A
dialog: voice calls out:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Anna!
text: Nemo startles and turns back. It is a father calling to his little
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Anna... I feel like I’ll be seeing *
dialog: you at every street corner...
text: The clouds move faster, then slow down again. The station clock
text: reads 9:21. Anna steps out of the station. She is thirty-five. She
text: passes CLARA, the panhandling girl with the shaved head and gives
text: her some change. The girl looks at Anna, intrigued.
scene_heading: 168 - EXT. URBAN STATION — DAY
text: There is a square in front of the station. Anna sits down at an
text: outdoor café. She orders a cup of coffee. Nemo is sitting a dozen
text: yards away from her. Their backs are to each other. Nemo
text: distractedly watches people going by. They don’t see each other.
dialog: - 75 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ANNA (OFF)
dialog: Sometimes I tell myself maybe you
dialog: live in the same town I do and I
dialog: don’t know it. Maybe you’re here,
dialog: very close. Nemo... do you still
dialog: hear my voice?
text: Nemo looks at the sky. He takes a picture of the clouds with a
text: Polaroid. The pool maintenance truck stops nearby. Nemo gets in.
text: When Anna turns around distractedly, he is already gone.
scene_heading: 169 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — DAY
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: Tick tock tick tock... Nine
text: minutes... Separated by an ocean of
dialog: nine minutes... Tick tock tick
dialog: tock...
text: A cleaning woman unplugs a machine cleaning the floor around Old
text: Nemo’s bed. She isn’t listening to him.
scene_heading: 170 - INT. NEMO’S INDUSTRIAL LOFT — NIGHT
text: Nemo goes into a very empty old factory. The walls are bare brick.
text: There is no furniture, only a mattress lying on the floor, one
text: table, one chair... Nemo walks past a picture of teenage Anna, on
text: prominent display. He tacks up the Polaroid of the clouds next to
text: hundreds of others on the wall.
scene_heading: 171 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET — DAY
text: Behind the wheel of his car, Nemo — his hair short — is on his way
text: home with the shopping. It is raining. At the corner of his
text: street, he sees Elise walking barefoot through the rain, in her
text: bathrobe, crying. Nemo gets out of the car, tries to take her in
text: his arms. She struggles.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I’m leaving! I’m leaving!
text: Neighbors come to see what’s happening. Nemo manages to get her
text: into the car. She bursts out sobbing. She slaps herself, taps her
text: head against the windshield, pulls her hair, scratches her face.
dialog: With each slap she says:
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: Take that! And that! And that!
text: Nemo tries to keep her from hurting herself.
dialog: - 76 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 172 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — DAY
text: Bottles of medication sit on the bedside table. Elise is lying
text: down, her eyes closed. Nemo lies down next to her. He notices,
text: bizarrely, that a price tag is still attached to the bedside lamp.
text: He pulls it off and looks at it, puzzled.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I’ve given my resignation letter.
dialog: It’s better that way. I’1l find
dialog: something else. One where I can be *
dialog: at home more.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Do you love me?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I love your eyes. I love your
dialog: mouth. I love your voice. I love
dialog: how you move. I love your
dialog: cheekbones. I love the sound of
dialog: your steps on the stairs. I love
dialog: how you eat strawberries. You have
dialog: a unique way of eating
dialog: strawberries.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: You love all that, but me, do you
dialog: love me?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I couldn’t live without you.
scene_heading: 173 - INT. OR EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE OR YARD — DAY
text: There is noise, music. Nemo is hanging a garland from the ceiling.
text: The children are helping him. The kids are running around,
text: laughing. Guests arrive, Joyce’s school friends. The older ones
text: dance, jumping up and down. Nemo wanders among the children
text: handing out pieces of cake. He is wearing a small pointed hat, and
text: is really having fun. Joyce grabs his arm as he goes by, smiling.
dialog: She shouts:
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Life is great, Dad!
text: She laughs joyously. Nemo prepares a meal tray.
scene_heading: 174 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S ROOM — DAY
text: Nemo goes into the room. Elise is in bed. He puts the meal tray
text: down on the bed.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I can’t stand it anymore... I want
dialog: to die... And that noise!
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I’ll ask them to keep it down. But
dialog: it’s Joyce’s birthday...
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Don’t I have the right to a little
dialog: respect?
text: Nemo goes silent.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: What kind of a mother am I? I’ve
dialog: got to get up.
text: Elise gets out of her bed.
scene_heading: 175 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Elise comes down the stairs in her bathrobe. She slips in among
text: the children and leads them in a farandole, with perhaps a touch
text: too much energy and enthusiasm. The children are amazed at first.
text: Elise laughs. She crawls on all fours behind guffawing children.
text: She climbs onto the table and plays the orchestra conductor.
text: Everyone is having fun. Nemo, a bit to the side, watches the
dialog: scene, moved.
scene_heading: 176 - INT. CHILDREN’S ROOM — NIGHT
text: Elise lying on one of the children’s beds, her three children all
text: lying close to her, asleep. Nemo lies down beside her. He puts his
text: arm around her. She lets him.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: It was a nice day. The nicest in a
dialog: long time.
scene_heading: 177 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S ROOM — MORNING
text: Elise comes into the room. She is having a hard time breathing.
text: Nemo follows her in.
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: Oh no... It’s back... The terror is
dialog: back... I’m scared...
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Do you want your pills?
dialog: - 78 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I’m sick of pills. I’m sick of
dialog: doctors. It’s pointless. I’m
dialog: afraid... I’m afraid...
text: She starts shaking and crying. Nemo is sitting on the edge of the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: Do something! ... I can’t stand it
dialog: any more. I’m afraid.
text: Nemo lies down next to her. He touches her. She pulls her hand
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I don’t know what to do. I often
dialog: have this dream. Some prehistoric
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: 178 - MODEL — DAY
text: A child’s hand places a plastic bear in front of a cave entrance.
scene_heading: 179 - EXT. PREHISTORY — DAY
text: Elise is a prehistoric woman carrying a baby. She is alone in the
text: cave. She screams.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: I hear you screaming. You’ re
dialog: afraid.
text: Nemo, aS a caveman, runs toward the screams. The cave opens onto a
text: background which is an old black-and-white film. Bears (or
text: mammoths) approach the cave. Nemo stands in front of the cave and
text: hollers, pretending to throw his spear. The predators wander off.
text: Nemo takes Elise in his arms to reassure her.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
text: I chase the bear. It runs away and
dialog: you’re not afraid anymore. When I
dialog: wake up...
scene_heading: 180 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S ROOM — DAY
text: Nemo wakes with a start, sits up in the bed. Elise’s eyes are
text: open. She is terrified.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: When I wake up, you're still
dialog: afraid. There’s no bear.
dialog: - 79 -
dialog: "Mr.
scene_heading: 181 - EXT. ZOO — DAY
text: Nemo is sitting on a bench at the zoo, watching
text: behind the bars of its cage.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I’m not a bear hunter. I’m an
dialog: executive of a plant that
dialog: manufactures photocopying machines,
dialog: who quit his job. I don’t dare
dialog: move. My life adds up to nothing.
dialog: Whatever I do, it’s a disaster. I
dialog: would so love to chase the bear
dialog: away and for you not to be afraid
dialog: anymore.
scene_heading: 182 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S ROOM - DAY
scene_heading: NOBODY" VERSION 11
dialog: a sleeping bear
text: Nemo puts his hand on Elise. She pulls away roughly.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I don’t want to be touched.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I don’t know. That’s just how it
dialog: is. People can choose not to be
dialog: touched. I’m free not to want it.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Free...
scene_heading: 183 - EDUCATIONAL FILM
text: 183A - Eggs are placed in an incubator. We see the shells crack
text: the little beaks pushing from inside. The baby birds emerge from
text: the eggs. Adult Nemo is facing the camera, in overlay, commenting:
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: To what extent are our fears
dialog: innate? When we hatch goose eggs in
text: an incubator, and then above the
text: baby birds, pass a form simulating
text: two wings with a long neck - like a
dialog: goose in flight - the birds stretch
text: their necks and call out.
dialog: - g0 -
speaker_heading: + eH OF
dialog: *
dialog: + + OF
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: A scientist passes a cardboard cutout above the baby birds,
text: clearly visible against the white ceiling, wings back and neck
text: forward. The baby birds stretch their necks and call out to what
dialog: they take to be their mother.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: But if we invert the direction of
text: the silhouette, it conjures the *
text: shape of a falcon, wings forward *
text: and long tail behind. The response *
dialog: of the baby birds is immediate:
dialog: they will crouch in fear, though *
dialog: they’ve never before seen a falcon.
text: The scientist inverts the flight direction of the model, and the
text: birds immediately lie down motionless in their nest, without a
text: sound, trying to go unnoticed.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: Without any instruction, an innate
dialog: fear helps them survive. But in
dialog: humans, to what ancient dangers
dialog: might our innate fears correspond? *
text: 183B - A mouse. A spider. A snake. A crusading knight. A soldier
text: from the First World War rapes a woman. Insects.
speaker_heading: 184- FLASH
text: In the forest. Dead Nemo’s feet sticking out from under a bush. He
text: is missing a shoe. Someone out for a walk comes near the body and
text: notices it. The scene is shot backwards, the movements are in
dialog: reverse.
scene_heading: 185 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET - DAY
text: Nemo arrives home, his arms laden with groceries.
scene_heading: 186 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Short flashes. Elise swallowing a handful of pills. Lying
text: motionless, at the foot of the stairs.
scene_heading: 187 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET — DAY
text: Nemo drops his bags and starts running.
scene_heading: 188 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — DAY
text: Nemo runs into the house. Elise is not at the foot of the stairs.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: 188A- In the bedroom, We see Elise hang up the phone. Nemo bursts
text: into the bedroom. Elise is in bed. Her eyes are closed. Nemo
text: exhales, relieved.
text: 188B - Nemo goes to sit in a small recess where he has set up his
text: old typewriter. He writes...
scene_heading: 189 - INT. SPACESHIP — NIGHT
text: The spaceship is approaching Mars. The retrorockets blaze. We see
text: a city getting nearer, under an enormous glass dome. The spaceship
text: is approaching Phobos, linked by a space elevator.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Probably the worst thing about
dialog: being on Mars is that nothing will
dialog: happen there. Time will seem
text: stalled and empty. A long Martian
dialog: year of 779 24-hour-and-37-minute
dialog: days.
scene_heading: 190 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — DAY
text: Nemo’s typewriter. He isn’t writing anymore. He is sitting on a
text: chair. He looks out the window, the leaves are moving, swept
text: lightly by the wind. Then the shadows cast by the leaves on the
dialog: wall...
text: 190A - A fly lands on his hand. He doesn’t move. Nemo follows it
text: with his eye, without reacting. Nemo looks at a drop of water
text: dripping off a radiator pipe. The drop hits the ground in a small
text: puddle. Nemo observes it but does nothing.
scene_heading: 191 - INT. CAR WASH — DAY
text: Soapsuds spread across the windshield, swept by a noisy, spinning
text: brush. It’s pretty. Jets of water push the suds to the side
text: windows. The car moves forward on its own, pulled by the
text: mechanism. Nemo is in the car. He seems to enjoy the show. It
text: relaxes him.
scene_heading: 192 - EXT. RAILROAD CROSSING — DAY
text: Nemo stops at a railroad crossing. A train passes in front of him.
text: 192A - We follow the train. We fly next to it.
dialog: - 82 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 193 - INT. TRAIN - DAY
text: We go into one of the compartments. Nemo, hair long, is sitting in
dialog: the train.
scene_heading: 194 - INT. CITY STATION — DAY
text: It is 9:12. The station is full of people. Nemo turns into the
text: hall as he does every day. He walks past a pile of boxes along the
text: wall. He stops. A hand is sticking out of the boxes. Nemo
text: approaches and picks them up. Underneath is the motionless face of
text: Clara, the panhandling girl. Next to her lie a syringe and a
text: rubber tourniquet. The girl’s face is pale, her eyes open and
dialog: motionless.
scene_heading: 195 - INT. CITY STATION — DAY
text: A bit later. The ambulance drivers take the girl’s body away on a
text: stretcher. Nemo is there and watches her go. He picks up his
text: jacket. He looks at the time on the big clock. It is 9:21.
text: A gust of wind sets papers flying. Nemo sees Anna’s silhouette
text: coming toward him from the end of the hall. He can’t believe his
text: eyes. She comes closer. She is heading right toward him. Nemo and
text: Anna look at each other... astounded. They walk toward each other.
text: They fall into each other’s arms, without saying a word. They hold
text: each other tight, looking into each other’s eyes.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Anna...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Nemo...
text: They embrace.
scene_heading: 196 - INT. NEMO’S WAREHOUSE LOFT — DAY/NIGHT
text: Nemo and Anna embrace. They dance around Nemo’s_ half-empty
text: apartment. They fall onto the mattress on the ground. They look
text: tirelessly into each other’s eyes. They make love. Motionless,
text: they hold tightly to each other, naked, each holding the other as
text: if to keep from getting lost. Anna smells Nemo’s skin, inch by
text: inch. She smiles.
text: They are lying in the bath, close together. They make circles.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: There is no life without you. *
text: Anna holds a finger to his lips.
dialog: - 83 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Shhh... Gently. I have to get used
dialog: to it. I talked to you so much *
dialog: while you weren’t there, it’s
dialog: strange to talk to you for real.
text: They are lying on the bed.
scene_heading: 197 - EXT. CITY — NIGHT/DAY
text: They are sitting on a bench. Holding tightly together, they watch.
text: It is night. Then the sun rises. Then there are a few cars. Then
text: the garbage men collect the garbage. Then children go to school.
text: Then people walk quickly on their way to work.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I like it. I like watching time...
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: go by...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: with you.
text: Then the trucks deliver their merchandise. Then the local laborers
text: eat lunch. Then the children get out of school. It rains.
speaker_heading: NEMO
text: It’s raining.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: We’1l dry.
text: Then people walk quickly on their way home from work. It is no
text: longer raining. Then the restaurants light their signs. Then it is
text: evening. Anna and Nemo haven’t moved an inch.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT.)
dialog: It was the most beautiful day. And *
dialog: the most beautiful night. Thank *
dialog: you.
text: She kisses him.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT.)
dialog: I need a little time. When we were
dialog: separated at fifteen, I said I
dialog: would never love anyone else, ever.
dialog: I would never become attached. I’d
dialog: never stay put anywhere. I’d have
dialog: nothing for myself. Then one day I
dialog: decided to pretend to live.
text: They look at each other.
dialog: - 84 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT.)
dialog: And this is what I’ve been waiting
dialog: for, ever since we were separated:
dialog: renouncing all possible lives for
dialog: one only, with you. But I need a
dialog: little time. I’m not used to it
dialog: anymore...to loving. I’m afraid of
dialog: losing you again. I’m afraid of
dialog: having to do without you again. I’m
dialog: terrified of that.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: But I want to see you again. When?
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: You don’t like it when you can read
dialog: life like a book. *
text: She writes a number with a felt-tip marker on a scrap of paper.
text: She hands it to him.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Call me on this number in two days. *
dialog: You just have to say the word. I’1l *
dialog: meet you near the lighthouse. I’1l
dialog: be with you forever. But if you’re
dialog: not sure, don’t call. T’ll
dialog: understand.
text: She kisses him. She gets up. Nemo hesitates. He looks at the slip
text: of paper. He watches her leave. She turns a corner. A storm
text: rumbles in the distance.
scene_heading: 198 - EXT. SKY THEN CITY — DAY
text: High in the sky, a drop of water condenses out of a cloud and
text: falls from several miles up. It nears the earth, the city.
text: 198A - It falls between the buildings, approaches a man motionless
text: on the sidewalk, Nemo, and lands on the small scrap of paper he is
text: holding in his hand, erasing the phone number and leaving only a
text: streak of ink in the rain. The ink runs over his fingers. The ink
text: runs over his hand, down his arm. An exaggeratedly large puddle of
text: ink flows around his feet, in the rain. It flows all the way to
text: the gutter. The scrap of paper is drenched and blank.
scene_heading: 199 - INT. HOSPITAL — NIGHT
text: Old Nemo is laughing. He is playing chess by himself. The
text: journalist is listening and recording.
dialog: - g5 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: You want me to tell you why I lost
dialog: Anna? Because two months earlier,
dialog: an unemployed Brazilian boiled an
dialog: egg...
scene_heading: 200 - INT. APARTMENT IN BRAZIL — DAY
text: A fifty-year-old Brazilian in his underwear in a small run-down
text: apartment is sitting at his stove, a spoon in his hand. We see Rio
text: through the window. He is cooking himself a soft-boiled egg. The
text: water is boiling and giving off steam.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: The heat will create a microclimate
text: in the room, a slight difference of
dialog: temperature...
text: The steam fills the room... It is extracted through the kitchen
text: ventilator. We go through the tube, following the steam. At the
text: end of the tube we see clouds.
scene_heading: 201 - EXT. SKY THEN CITY — DAY
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: ...and heavy rain two months later
dialog: on the other side of the world. *
text: A drop of water condenses out of a cloud and falls. It nears the
text: earth, falls between the buildings, and lands on the small scrap
text: of paper Nemo is holding in his hand, erasing the phone number.
scene_heading: 202 - INT. APARTMENT IN BRAZIL — DAY
text: The Brazilian in front of his stove.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: That Brazilian will be boiling an
text: egg instead of being at work. He
dialog: will have lost his job in a
dialog: clothing factory because six months
dialog: earlier...
scene_heading: 203 - INT. NEMO’S LOFT — DAY
text: Nemo pulls the tag off a pair of pants and puts it in his closet.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: ...-I will have compared the prices
dialog: of jeans, and I will have bought
dialog: the cheaper pair...
dialog: - 86 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 204 - EXT. BAMBOO FOREST — DAY
text: A bamboo leaf in the snow. A pile of snow forms on the leaf. A
text: flake adds itself to the other flakes. The leaf bends and the pile
text: of snow falls.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: As the Chinese proverb says, a *
dialog: single snowflake can bend the leaf *
dialog: of the bamboo. *
scene_heading: 205 - INT. ASIAN FACTORY — DAY
text: A clothing factory in Asia. Rows of sewing machines, men and women
text: and children assembling clothes.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Jeans production will have moved to *
dialog: other countries... *
scene_heading: 206 - INT./EXT. MISC. — DAY
text: The Brazilian at his stove. The boiling egg.
dialog: 206A - The drop of falling rain.
text: 206B - Nemo in the rain looking at the blank paper.
scene_heading: 207 - EXT. CITY PARK — DAY
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO *
dialog: I lost every trace of Anna. I
dialog: waited for her. Every day.
text: Nemo is sitting on the bench, near the lighthouse: the meeting
text: place. His hair has grown longer. He is waiting. The beam from the
text: lighthouse turns in the darkness. Flashes of light illuminate his
text: face at regular intervals.
scene_heading: 208 - INT. PSYCHIATRIST’S OFFICE — NIGHT
text: The metal ball swings regularly.
scene_heading: 209 - EXT. STREET — DAY *
text: Nemo is in front of his house, the bottle of car polish in his
dialog: hand.
text: (...) He rubs the chrome painstakingly.
dialog: - 87 -
dialog: (...) People go
dialog: End of the day.
dialog: school and give
dialog: Elise is at the
scene_heading: 210 - INT. NEMO
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: by in the street. He is still rubbing.
text: He is rubbing still. The children come home from
text: him a kiss as they go inside.
dialog: window.
scene_heading: AND ELISE’S HOUSE — DAY
text: Nemo brings a dinner tray to Elise. Elise looks at him strangely.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: You’ re not hungry?
dialog: I
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: don’t want anything. Nothing...
dialog: What are you doing tomorrow?
dialog: I
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: think I’ll take the opportunity
dialog: to wash the car.
text: Elise looks at him with some apprehension.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: What’s the deal with that car?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Why do you take such good care of
dialog: that car while you leave me all
dialog: alone? What’s the problem with that
dialog: car?
text: Nemo looks at her. He gets up and leaves very calmly.
scene_heading: 211 - EXT. STREET — DAY
text: Nemo steps out of the garage carrying a can of gas. He walks very
dialog: calmly to the
text: car and pours gas all over it. He takes out a
text: lighter and sets it on fire. He returns to the house without
text: looking back. The car ignites.
scene_heading: 212 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S ROOM — DAY
text: He goes into the room where Elise is looking dumbfounded out the
dialog: window.
dialog: - 88 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: So, there’s no more problem with
dialog: the car.
text: Elise looks at him, somewhat frightened. She gets back into bed.
text: Nemo goes to look out the window. He is surprised.
text: 212A - The car is in the street, intact. He can’t believe it. The
text: street looks like a scale model.
text: 212B - Workmen are rolling up a huge roll between the houses: the
text: street. Nemo turns back toward the bed.
text: 212C - A woman is lying there. It is no longer Elise. It is Jean.
text: He looks at her, surprised. The bedroom is almost empty.
speaker_heading: JEAN (ELISE’S VOICE)
dialog: What’s wrong? Why are you looking
dialog: at me like that?
scene_heading: 213 - INT. JEAN AND NEMO’S ROOM — DAY
text: Jean’s face moves closer to Nemo’s. They are both lying on the
text: bed. He looks around, lost.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Nemo... Do I take sugar in my
dialog: coffee? Can you please answer me?
text: Nemo doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT.)
dialog: You don’t know me, Nemo. You’ve
dialog: never really looked at me. You've *
dialog: always been elsewhere. Do you
dialog: realize how much you’ve hurt me? *
text: Nemo’s eyes are drawn to the television.
text: 213A - The local news is broadcasting images of a fire on a
text: bridge, clearly labeled “ARCHIVES.” Charred automobiles, including
text: a car of newlyweds bearing a “Just Married” sign, which now reads
dialog: “Just Fried.”
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT.)
dialog: I got a call from the lawyer. He
dialog: says you've just put everything you
dialog: own in my name. Why, Nemo? What are
dialog: up to?... Nemo...
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 214 - INT. HOSPITAL — DAY
text: Breathing sounds. Teenage Nemo is lying on a hospital bed,
text: motionless, a prisoner of his body, hooked up to machines.
text: Silence. We sense a silhouette moving near him.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE NEMO (OFF)
text: ...The ground doesn’t vibrate the
dialog: same way. It’s a different perfume.
dialog: How old might she be? Twenty-five?
dialog: There are other people, too.
text: Nemo’s father is sitting in the room, defeated. Nemo’s mother
text: comes in. The father looks at her, surprised. They are moved to
text: see each other again. They sit in silence, next to each other,
text: looking at Nemo. The nurse attends to Nemo.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: Let’s begin again. Fingers on the
dialog: keyboard. Left hand A-S-D-F, right
scene_heading: hand H-J-K-L. *
scene_heading: 215 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: In the little room in the house with Elise, adult Nemo places his
text: fingers on a keyboard: A-S-D-F and J-K-L-M. The fingers begin
dialog: typing.
scene_heading: 216 - INT. SPACESHIP — NIGHT
text: Sound of typewriter keys. We see the surface of Mars approaching.
text: The rocket begins making contact with Phobos. A deodorizing pine
dialog: tree swings...
scene_heading: 217 - INT./EXT. MISC. DAY/NIGHT
text: The swinging of the doctor’s pendulum in front of old Nemo’s
dialog: eyes...
dialog: 217A - Swaying branches...
dialog: 217B - A swing...
dialog: 217cC - The three little girls...
dialog: 217D - The deodorizing swinging...
dialog: 217E - The lighthouse beam turning...
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 218 - EXT. TRAIN STATION — DAY
text: Child Nemo is running after the train that is taking his mother
text: away. He holds out his hand to her. The train gathers speed. Their
text: hands grow further apart.
scene_heading: 219 - INT. OFFICE IN NEMO AND JEAN’S HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Nemo’s motionless hand above the candle flame. The sound of the TV
dialog: has been muted.
text: 219A - The local news is showing images of a fire on a bridge.
text: Jean’s picture sits on the desk. The cars are burning.
text: Indifferent, Nemo sits in the darkness, his hand over the flame.
text: He keeps it there as long as he can. He pulls it back, looks at
text: his hand, does not suffer. He has a burn in the hollow of his
text: palm. Nemo turns toward the muted television.
text: 219B - A presenter is spinning the wheel of fortune. The wheel
text: stops at a number.
text: Nemo picks up a coin from the edge of the table. He studies it. He
text: stabs it with the point of a knife, engraving “yes” on one side,
text: “no” on the other.
text: 219D - An ad for fishing rods is on TV. He writes “Buy fishing rod
dialog: x...”
text: He tosses the coin in the air and catches it. “Yes.” He takes his
text: coat. He walks past the stairs. He hesitates, tosses heads or
dialog: tails: “Yes.”
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Jean! I’m off to buy a fishing rod. *
text: 219C - Nemo goes out of the house leaving the door open behind
text: him. He walks away in the night. When Jean comes down the stairs,
text: he is already gone.
scene_heading: 220 - EXT. TRAIN TRACKS — NIGHT
text: Nemo is walking down some railroad tracks. It is dark. An arrow
text: points in one direction. Nemo follows it. Nemo stops to take out a
text: cigarette. In the distance, a locomotive is coming toward him. He
text: lights the cigarette. He takes his coin and tosses it. Nemo puts
text: the coin back in his pocket and watches the train come toward him.
text: He hears a voice and turns to look.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Got a light?
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: Nemo turns around. He sees a woman in the shadows, sitting on the
text: gravel, semi-punk/semi-tramp her backpack next to her. It’s Clara
text: (the young woman who died in the station). She shows him her unlit
text: cigarette. Nemo holds out his lighter to her, without taking a
text: step. The train is coming right toward Nemo. Nemo doesn’t budge.
text: Clara holds out her cigarette. She waits for him to come over.
text: Nemo steps off the tracks and lights her cigarette. The train
text: passes behind them with a deafening roar.
speaker_heading: CLARA (CONT.)
dialog: Thanks.
text: She starts walking. He follows her. After about ten yards:
speaker_heading: CLARA (CONT.)
dialog: Why are you following me?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: I’ve got nothing to do with you,
dialog: and you’ve got nothing to do with
dialog: me. I’m not interested. Get lost. *
text: She turns around. He doesn’t leave. She comes toward him and
text: kisses him.
speaker_heading: CLARA (CONT.)
dialog: Follow me. *
text: Nemo tosses his coin. “Yes.”
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: 221 - INT. CLARA’S SQUAT — NIGHT
text: Clara and Nemo enter a tiny, messy apartment where she has been
text: squatting. She kisses Nemo.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Is there someone in your life?
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Not really.
text: She undresses him, pushes him onto the bed.
text: The music is blasting, distorted. Straddling Nemo, Clara is making
text: love frenetically. It’s almost an hysterical dance.
text: The sound of keys. The door opens, a man comes in. He is about
text: thirty and is wearing a leather jacket.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: CLARA (CONT.)
dialog: Shit.
text: The man, taken aback, looks at Nemo in bed with Clara. Nemo
text: doesn’t react.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Who’s he? What the fuck’s he doing *
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Julian, calm down.
text: The man starts smashing everything around him, overturning the
text: furniture. Clara, naked, tries to control him. Nemo laughs, naked,
text: on all fours. Julian breaks a chair over his back. Nemo collapses,
text: laughing even harder. Julian leaves, leaving the door open behind
text: him. Everything has been turned upside down. Nemo looks at the
text: devastated apartment. Nemo has not moved from the bed. He laughs.
text: Everything has happened very fast. Clara gets back in bed next to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Do you love me?
text: Nemo flips his coin. “No.” He hesitates.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Why do you let a coin decide for
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: It makes better decisions than I
dialog: do.
scene_heading: 222 - INT. CLARA’S SQUAT — NIGHT
text: Nemo is awake, Clara asleep. Nemo flips his coin. He takes his
text: coat and leaves.
scene_heading: 223 - INT. AIRPORT — DAY
text: Nemo is wandering around the airport. He walks the halls. At
text: arrivals, people are waiting with signs.
text: Nemo sees a black man, dressed to the nines, holding a sign marked
text: “MR. D. JONES.” He watches him. He flips his coin. “Yes.” Nemo
text: goes toward the man.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Mr. Jones.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Welcome. We’ve already got your
dialog: luggage. Please, follow me.
scene_heading: 224 - INT. LIMOUSINE — DAY
text: The man and Nemo are in a limousine.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Did you have a nice trip?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Yes, thank you.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I’1ll take you to your hotel, where
dialog: you can rest for a while. The
dialog: appointment is tomorrow at three.
text: Nemo says nothing.
scene_heading: 225 - INT. HOTEL ROOM — DAY
text: Nemo enters a luxurious hotel room. The bellboy puts down his
text: suitcase and leaves. Nemo opens the suitcase. He takes out a
text: sweater, feels it, puts it on, looks at himself in the mirror. It
text: looks good on him. He studies some pictures. An unknown woman. He
text: finds a planning calendar. He flips through it. He looks at the
text: ID. He looks at the face in the picture. He reads the name: Daniel
dialog: Jones.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Daniel... Daniel Jones...
text: He looks at himself in the mirror. He combs his hair differently,
text: like in the ID photo. The telephone rings. Nemo takes the coin
text: from his pocket. Flips it. “Yes.” He answers.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: Daniel?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: Are you insane? What are you doing?
dialog: Split!
speaker_heading: NEMO
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE
dialog: I. told you not to go! MThey’re
dialog: furious, they know it’s you! Clear
dialog: out!
text: The man hangs up. Nemo lies down on the bed. He flips his coin. As
text: it spins, the wind opens the window, catching the drapes and
text: causing a gust of air that changes the way the coin turns. Nemo
text: catches it. He runs himself a bath.
scene_heading: 226 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: Is your name Daniel Jones?
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: Of course not.
scene_heading: 227 - INT. BATHROOM — DAY
text: Nemo is in his bath. His head is sticking out of the water. He is
text: waiting, motionless. He closes his eyes. He falls asleep...
text: Nemo opens his eyes. There is a man sitting in front of him on a
text: stool, a revolver in his hand. A plastic sheet is spread out on
text: the floor. Nemo watches without moving. The man fires. Nemo
text: collapses in the water, which turns red. The red blood mixes
text: through the water in twisting swirls.
text: Another man comes into the bathroom. He is carrying two pairs of
dialog: shoes.
speaker_heading: SECOND THUG
dialog: That’s weird. His shoes are
dialog: different sizes.
text: They close the plastic sheet around Nemo and wrap the body in the
dialog: blanket.
scene_heading: 228 - EXT. WOODS — DAY
text: A car with the two thugs on board stops in the woods. The two men
text: remove the body from the trunk.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: FIRST THUG
dialog: Maybe he shrunk. It happens when *
dialog: you get older, you shrink.
speaker_heading: SECOND THUG
dialog: No one shrinks. That’s rubbish. *
dialog: You’ve got the wrong bloke, that’s *
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: FIRST THUG
dialog: Astronauts shrink two inches when *
dialog: they come back to earth, ‘cuz of
dialog: gravity or something.
speaker_heading: SECOND THUG
dialog: You think this fella’s an *
dialog: astronaut?
text: They finish dumping the body in a thicket. Only Nemo’s feet are
text: visible, sticking out. He is missing a shoe. Insects climb over
dialog: his foot.
scene_heading: 229 - EXT./INT. BUS ON MARS — DAY *
text: Rockets leave white trails in the pink sky. A bus full of tourists
dialog: of every origin: Indians in saris, Africans, Asians. Nemo is among
text: them, looking out the window, the urn on his knees. A red desert
text: spreads out around them. We are on the planet Mars. A speaker
text: plays Chinese music.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: To your left, the Valles Marineris
text: and the summit of the Tharsis Dome.
text: Above, we can see the two moons, *
dialog: Phobos and Deimos. We’1l be driving
dialog: through the canyon to avoid road *
dialog: works. *
text: We see two moons in the sky. One rocket and then another takes
text: off. The rockets leave lines of white vapor in the pink sky. avoid
text: the road work. A gigantic glass dome hangs over the desert. Four
text: dromedaries wander in the distance. Billboards for vacuum
text: cleaners. Nemo takes the urn from his bag and opens the window.
text: He removes the lid, holds the urn out the window, in the wind.
text: Wisps of gray dust dissipate behind the bus.
speaker_heading: 230 - FLASH
text: On a bridge, an enormous fire. A gasoline truck explodes. A car
text: bearing a “Just Married” sign is on fire. Elise, in a wedding
text: dress, is caught in the flames. Nemo tries to get her out of the
dialog: car.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 231 - EXT. BUS ON MARS — DAY
text: Nemo is still looking out the bus window. Gray dust has stuck to
text: his hand. He rubs it. He has dust under his fingernails.
text: PERSON IN THE NEXT SEAT
dialog: Do you need a tissue?
scene_heading: 232 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — NIGHT
text: A typewriter. On the paper appear the letters “Do you need a
text: tissue?” Adult Nemo is in his small office at his typewriter.
text: 232A - It is the middle of the night. Nemo opens the door a crack
text: and checks on his sleeping children.
text: 232B - He goes into the bedroom and sits down on the bed. He
text: watches Elise sleep. He gently strokes her cheek. She opens her
text: eyes and sees him. She starts crying.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I was dreaming about Stefano.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: That made you cry?
text: She breaks down sobbing.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: He never answers my messages. He
dialog: doesn’t give a damn about me...
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Stefano?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I love him!
text: Nemo registers the blow. Elise keeps sobbing.
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: I don’t see any other
dialog: explanation...for being in this
dialog: state. That’s the only thing it can
dialog: be. I love him.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Did he say he loved you?
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: He never said he didn’t love me.
text: Nemo is stunned. He doesn’t understand anything anymore.
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: I know, I’m crazy. Every morning,
text: when I wake up and open my eyes and
dialog: I see you, I start crying... I
dialog: realize I’m with you, and my life
dialog: is passing by. *
text: She looks at him and slaps him.
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: How can you be so calm? How can you
dialog: bear that? You...you’re not human!
text: Nemo starts crying. She touches his hand. He grabs hers, takes it,
text: holds it to him.
speaker_heading: ELISE (CONT.)
dialog: Everything’s all wrong... I’ma
dialog: complete wreck... I don’t know what *
dialog: to do... It’s not my fault, right?
dialog: You’ re not going to leave me, are
dialog: you?
text: He holds her in his arms.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I couldn’t live without you.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I hurt everyone. You, the children.
dialog: It can’t go on. *
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Together we can make it work.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: If I stay, you’ll all end up
dialog: drowning in my mess. *
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: We’1l learn to swim.
text: Elise closes her eyes. They lie down next to each other. Nemo
text: takes her in his arms. She holds his hand.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: I love you...
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: I love you...
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 233 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Nemo is asleep. Elise watches him sleep. She gets up slowly,
text: without making a sound. She opens the closet, takes out some
text: clothes, and packs a suitcase.
scene_heading: 234 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Without a sound, Elise leaves the house carrying her suitcase. She
text: walks away on the sidewalk. The neighborhood is deserted and
dialog: silent.
scene_heading: 235 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: The journalist is sitting next to old Nemo, who is playing chess
dialog: by himself.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: But... Did Elise die... or didn’t *
dialog: she? I don’t get it. You can’t have *
dialog: had children and not have had them.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: She left. No matter how long it *
dialog: takes, things work out in the end, *
text: finally. Even unhappily. *
scene_heading: 236 - INT. THEATER/BEAUTY PARLOR — DAY
text: The curtain goes up on a theater stage. The set is a beauty
text: parlor. Child Nemo (age seven) sits alone. On stage, Elise is
text: sitting, prostrate on a chair. She is in her forties.
text: 236A - We move toward her until we see cars driving by through a
text: window. We are no longer on a theater stage. Elise is looking at
text: the picture of Stefano. Two other hairdressers are working. A man
text: comes in. She doesn’t even glance at him.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Hi. *
text: We don’t see his face right away. His hair is gray.
speaker_heading: STEFANO *
dialog: Not too short on top, please.
text: Elise is lost in her thoughts, a bit sad. She doesn’t really look
text: at her client, only sees his hair. She shampoos him. She cuts his
text: hair, pulling it between her fingers. She runs the trimmer over
text: his neck. The hair falls to the ground. Elise trims around his
text: ears. She cuts a clean line at the neck. We see his face.
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: It is Stefano. He has changed a lot, gotten fat. Only his eyes are
text: the same. They haven’t recognized each other. Stefano checks out
text: the hairdresser working at the next chair. She is younger,
text: prettier. Stefano looks at her legs. Elise massages his head.
text: Stefano has closed his eyes. Her movements are studied, efficient.
text: Stefano is enjoying it. He closes his eyes. She takes off the
text: cape, brushes his neck and shoulders.
speaker_heading: STEFANO
dialog: How much’11 that b...?
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Tw...nty dollars, pl..as.. Good-
dialog: by..., sir.
speaker_heading: STEFANO
dialog: H..r.. you ar... By.. And hav... a
dialog: nic... aft...rnoon.
scene_heading: 237 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — NIGHT
text: The “e” is sticking on the old typewriter. Adult Nemo unsticks it.
text: The machine types an “e” on the paper.
scene_heading: 238 - INT. THEATER/BEAUTY PARLOR — DAY
text: We return to the stage.
speaker_heading: ELISE
dialog: Twenty dollars, please... Good-bye,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: STEFANO
dialog: Here you are. Bye, and have a nice
dialog: afternoon.
text: Stefano leaves. They have not recognized each other. Elise goes to
text: sit down and returns to her thoughts. She looks at the picture of
text: young Stefano. She smokes a cigarette. The swirls of smoke dance
text: in the air.. We move back.
text: 238A - The stage curtain comes down.
scene_heading: 239 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Nemo finishes typing. He looks at the wall. Water runs down it
text: slowly. Nemo looks at his shoes. His feet are in the water. Nemo
text: goes to the hall door and opens it. A rush of water pours through
text: the door and pushes him back. The room is underwater. Nemo cannot
text: breathe. He struggles.
dialog: - 100 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 240 - EXT. UNDERWATER — DAY
text: The car sinks under the water... Water pours in through the half-
text: open window. There is no more air. Nemo struggles. Bubbles come
text: out of his mouth. He strikes at the door in vain... His gestures
dialog: slow...
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Shit... I’ve got to go back...
dialog: Start from the beginning... Start
dialog: over again...
scene_heading: 241 - INT. TV STUDIO — DAY
text: Nemo is facing the camera. He is presenting a science program. He
text: has a burn scar on his face.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Why does cigarette smoke never go
dialog: back into the cigarette? Why do
text: molecules spread away from each
dialog: other? Why does a spilt drop of ink *
dialog: never reform? *
text: 241A - In the background, swirling smoke filmed in slow motion. A
text: drop of ink dissolving in water. A vase breaking in slow motion. A
text: superimposed title: “ENTROPY.”
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: Because the universe moves toward
dialog: dissipation. That is the principle
dialog: of entropy, the tendency of the
dialog: universe to evolve toward a state
dialog: of increasing disorder.
text: 241B - Images of the Big Bang. Galaxies, constellations.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: The principle of entropy is related
text: to the “arrow of time,” a result of
dialog: the expansion of the universe. But
dialog: what will happen when gravitational
dialog: forces counterbalance the forces of *
dialog: expansion? Or if the energy of the
dialog: quantum void proves too weak?
text: An image of galaxies ceasing to expand and contracting upon
text: themselves. The solar system comes to a halt in order to start
text: moving in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: - 101 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
dialog: At that moment, the universe might
dialog: enter its phase of contraction: the *
dialog: BIG CRUNCH. What will become of
dialog: time? Will it reverse?
text: 241B1 - An image of a vase breaking on the ground, then, in
text: reverse, the pieces coming back together.
text: 241A2 - Raindrops rise back into the sky.
text: 241C - A baby returns to its mother’s womb.
text: 241D - Images of a clock, cogs, a metronome.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: No one knows the answer. Perhaps
dialog: what we call the universe is only a
text: miniscule part of a much vaster
dialog: cosmos. In that case, our universe
dialog: would not be unique: it would be
dialog: part of a MULTIVERSE. Different
text: universes dispersed throughout the
dialog: cosmos would have experienced their
dialog: own expansion, each bubble of the
dialog: multiverse having different
dialog: properties, including the number of
dialog: dimensions, spatial and temporal.
dialog: But how can we imagine it? How can
dialog: we understand the implications?
dialog: “The most comprehensible’ thing
dialog: about the universe” said Einstein *
dialog: “is that it’s incomprehensible.” *
text: Music over the credits. The images stop moving behind Nemo. The
text: tape is rewound. The background goes blank, leaving a blue screen.
dialog: We are in a TV studio.
scene_heading: VOICE IN THE SPEAKERS
dialog: Okay, that’s good for today.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Where’s Peter?
speaker_heading: CONTINUITY GIRL
dialog: Peter? He left an hour ago. I’m
dialog: replacing him. I have selected take *
dialog: three and take four. *
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I prefer it when he does it. I
dialog: don’t mean you're not good
dialog: enough...but...
dialog: - 102 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: CONTINUITY GIRL
dialog: Drop it, buddy. In life, you get *
dialog: one take. If it’s bad, you just *
dialog: deal with it. *
scene_heading: 242 - EXT. TV STUDIO — DAY
text: Nemo leaves the studio in no hurry. He takes his keys from his
text: pocket and looks at them, puzzled. He doesn’t recognize the
text: keychain: there’s a coin on it, with “yes” engraved on one side,
text: “no” on the other. Nemo gets into a car and drives away. He passes
text: the cyclist. He brakes and lets the cyclist go past. He starts off
text: again. The car clock advances one minute.
scene_heading: 243 - EXT. WOODS — DAY
text: When Nemo’s car appears in the distance, the birds have already
text: flown away. The car continues on the way. Nemo reaches the river
text: and slows down. Police cars and fire trucks are blocking the road.
text: Nemo sees a crane pulling a car from the water. A car that looks
dialog: like his.
text: Nemo gets out of his car. A police officer keeps him from
text: approaching any further. Behind the wheel, he sees the lifeless
text: body of the assistant, Peter.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Oh, no!
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Did you know him?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Yes, he worked with me...
scene_heading: 244 - INT. CHURCH — DAY
text: Nemo, dressed in black, goes into a church. It is a funeral
text: service. A coffin is in front of the altar, upon which is set a
text: picture of Peter. Nemo walks discreetly up the side aisle. He sees
text: the family of the deceased. He is upset. He advances a bit more.
text: Nemo sees the wife of the deceased, dressed in black. Nemo is
text: troubled. It is Anna. Her hair is longer than in the other life.
text: There are two children next to her.
scene_heading: 245 - INT. CHURCH — DAY
text: People are emerging from the church, presenting their condolences
text: to the family. Nemo shakes Anna’s hand. They look each other in
text: the eye, feeling somewhat unsettled.
dialog: - 103 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: My sincerest condolences. Peter was
dialog: a colleague...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Yes, of course. I’ve seen your
dialog: show.
text: Nemo walks away. He sees Anna’s puzzled expression once more.
scene_heading: 246 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY
text: Nemo is underwater, in the car. Algae are floating around him. He
text: is struggling. He is suffocating, screaming underwater... Bubbles
text: emerge from his mouth...
scene_heading: 247 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET - DAY
text: Nemo parks in front of the house we know from his life with Elise.
text: A surprised neighbor stops to watch him enter his house.
scene_heading: 248 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — EVENING
text: Nemo goes into the house.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: It’s me.
text: No answer. The house is decorated differently. There is no trace
text: of Elise or the children. On the mantel, a picture of young Elise
text: sits next to the urn.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: Did you have a nice day?
text: Nemo looks at goldfish swimming in an aquarium. He watches the
text: bubbles float to the surface.
scene_heading: 249 - FLASH UNDER WATER
text: Bubbles floating to the surface.
scene_heading: 250 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Nemo goes into a kind of laboratory in his garage. There is
text: equipment everywhere. A camera is filming an apple as it rots,
text: frame by frame. Nemo checks it. The light goes on once a minute.
text: He starts the camera, projecting the image onto a screen. We see a
text: wilted flower return to freshness... We see rotten fruit take on
dialog: its original color...
dialog: - 104 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: We see a pile of dust expand into a swarming of insects, then the
text: teeming pile slowly becomes the body of a dead mouse that comes
dialog: back to life...
scene_heading: 251 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Nemo is eating by himself. Across the table, he has set a place
text: for a second person who is not there.
text: 251A - Nemo slips into a big bed all alone. He turns out the
dialog: light.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Goodnight.
text: He goes to sleep.
speaker_heading: 252 - FLASH — DREAM
text: A few brief flashes. Nemo and Elise are twenty. They are getting
text: married. They drive off in a car marked “Just Married.”
text: 252A - They come to a bridge. A tanker truck blows up. Nemo runs
text: in circles, carrying Elise’s dead body, in her wedding dress. His
text: face is burned.
scene_heading: 253 - EXT./INT. BUS ON MARS/MEGALOPOLIS - NIGHT
text: On Mars, Adult Nemo is looking pensively through the bus window,
text: holding the urn on his knees. He bus drives into a city under the
text: dome. All around, all we see are lights that look like high-rise
dialog: apartment buildings and factories.
text: The bus stops at the foot of a space elevator. Nemo picks up his
dialog: bag.
scene_heading: 254 - INT. SPACE ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Nemo and the tourists are in a glass elevator rising through the
text: air. We pass through the city, leave the dome, overhanging Mars.
text: We pass other elevators carrying loads of bicycles.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: What are we doing with all these
dialog: bikes ?
text: It is Anna, next to him, who answers.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: They’ re for export. Labor is
dialog: cheaper here. China has become way
dialog: too expensive.
dialog: - 105 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 255 - INT. SPACESHIP - NIGHT
text: Nemo is seated facing the big windows as other passengers come on
text: board. He looks at Anna sitting next to him. Nemo is unsettled. So
text: is Anna. They shake hands.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Hi. I’m Nemo.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Anna. Pleased to meet you.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: What’s brought you here?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I’m measuring the distance between
dialog: Earth and Mars at its greatest. I
dialog: study time. You know, the thing
dialog: that makes it so that everything
dialog: doesn’t happen at once.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: The Big Crunch’ll start in 2092.
dialog: People who can hang on that long
dialog: will get a free run. And you?
text: Nemo looks at the urn tied to his bag.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Just keeping an old promise.
scene_heading: 256 - EXT. CITY PARK - DAY
text: Nemo, long hair in a ponytail, is asleep on a bench near the
text: lighthouse. Adult Anna comes toward him. Nemo is levitating ten
text: inches above the bench. Anna touches his shoulder.
text: Nemo wakes with a start. He is no longer levitating. He is lying
text: on the bench. Anna isn’t there. He sits up slowly. He looks to
text: where he saw Anna in his dream. He takes a stump of chalk from his
text: pocket and draws a circle on the ground. He opens a paper bag: he
text: hesitates between a Danish and a chocolate éclair. Nemo sits back
text: down and looks at the circle. He closes his eyes, concentrating.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Anna! ... Anna!
dialog: - 106 -
dialog: "Mr. NOBODY"
scene_heading: 257 - INT. BUS - DAY
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: NEMO!
text: Anna startles. She is sitting in the bus. Slowly,
text: completely happy.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT.)
dialog: Nemo...
scene_heading: 258 - EXT. ANNA’S STREET — DAY
dialog: she smiles,
text: Nemo — the widow - is behind the wheel of his car. He slows as he
text: reaches Anna’s house. It is number “12358.” He stops. He sees Anna
text: leave her house with her children. He gets out of his car.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Hello...
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: We met at your husband’s funeral.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Yes, that’s right...
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: I had a strange feeling when I saw
dialog: you... As if I had met you
dialog: before...
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: That’s called déja vu. You should
dialog: know what that is. They say that
dialog: there’s a small zone in the brain,
dialog: the ‘“rhinal cortex ", that
dialog: registers new objects in the
dialog: environment. If for a moment that
dialog: zone is inactive, everything new
dialog: seems familiar to you.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: No, that’s not it... It’s as if...
dialog: As if all this wasn’t real... I’m
dialog: sorry, you must think I’m crazy.
dialog: I’m not trying to flirt with you...
dialog: I’m a widower myself...
dialog: - 107 -
speaker_heading: VERSION 11
dialog: + + OF
dialog: + + OF
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Please excuse me... some other
dialog: time, perhaps. I... I have to go...
text: Anna gets into her car and drives away. Nemo hears a voice.
speaker_heading: ANNA’S NEIGHBOR
dialog: Nemo?!
text: Nemo turns around. He sees someone he doesn’t recognize. The
text: stranger seems to be in shock.
speaker_heading: ANNA’S NEIGHBOR (CONT.)
dialog: Wow, I heard that you were dead!
dialog: That you drowned...
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Drowned?
text: Nemo looks, intrigued, at a fish flopping on the ground at
text: his feet.
scene_heading: 259 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY
text: Nemo is underwater, imprisoned in his car. He is losing his
text: strength. A fish swims past him and looks at him. Nemo is about to
text: lose consciousness... With the last of his strength, he manages to
text: pull himself through the window. He slips outside, swims
text: underwater. He sees a light above him, a luminous oval-shaped
text: spot. He ascends. The zone of light is the shape of a bathtub.
text: Nemo rises as fast as he can...
scene_heading: 260 - INT. HOTEL BATHROOM — DAY
text: Nemo suddenly sits up. He is in his bath, naked, soaked. He
text: coughs and tries to catch his breath.
text: A man is seated in front of him on a stool, a revolver in his
text: hand. There is a plastic sheet stretched out on the floor. The man
text: fires. Nemo collapses in the water, which becomes red. The red
text: blood spreads through the water in circular swirls.
scene_heading: 261 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (1988) — DAY
text: Young Nemo’s electrocardiogram as he lies paralyzed on his bed, a
text: prisoner of his body. The needles are going wild, moving in every
text: direction. The nurses rush to his bedside. An alarm goes off.
dialog: - 108 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 262 - INT. SPACESHIP - NIGHT
text: Nemo is looking at Anna. An alarm suddenly goes off. Warning
text: lights start flashing.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKERS
dialog: Meteorites.
text: Meteorites suddenly rain down on the vessel. The tourists run away
text: from the windows. Nemo clutches Anna’s hand. An explosion. The big
text: window bursts. The rocket explodes, liberating the bicycles, which
text: float through space.
text: Hundreds of black bicycles with chrome handlebars spin in slow
text: motion in the void, dispersing toward infinity, toward the stars,
text: to an accompaniment of classical music. Among the bicycles,
text: Elise’s urn.
scene_heading: 263 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY
text: A picture of Anna and the children, in a “Think of us” frame, is
text: floating in the water. Nemo is struggling underwater, imprisoned
text: in his car. We move away, see the car at the bottom of the river.
text: Algae floats gently around it and the fish look on, curious. The
text: radio is still on, crackling with classical music. We hear a
text: heartbeat slowing down. All of a _ sudden, the airbag opens,
text: displaying the inscription: GAME OVER.
scene_heading: 264 - INT. HOSPITAL — DAY
text: The needles on the electrocardiogram are going crazy. The nurses
text: are bustling about. Motionless, paralyzed on his bed, we hear
text: young Nemo howling. His lips don’t move.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: (howling)
dialog: LET ME OUT...
scene_heading: 265 - EXT. BUSHES - DAY
text: Nemo’s dead feet sticking out of the thicket. Insects are crawling
text: on him.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: I WANT TO WAKE UP!
scene_heading: 266 - EXT. TRAIN TRACKS — NIGHT
text: Nemo is standing immobile on the train tracks, watching a train
text: come toward him without budging.
dialog: - 109 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: I WANT TO WAKE UP!
scene_heading: 267 - INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE — DAY
text: The doctor’s pendulum is swinging evenly in front of us. We can
text: make out the blurry doctor in the background. Old Nemo is overcome
text: by the shakes. He panics.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (OFF)
dialog: Are you alright? When I say three,
dialog: you'll be awake. One...two...
scene_heading: 268 - INT. SHOWROOM — DAY
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (OFF)
dialog: Three...
text: Adult Nemo wakes with a start. He notices a price tag attached to
text: the bedside lamp. We are in an immense furniture store, in the
dialog: bedroom section.
scene_heading: 269 - EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE SHOWROOM — DAY
text: Nemo leaves the showroom. The street is deserted, not a single car
text: or pedestrian. Nemo looks at the ground at his feet. His body is
text: casting two shadows. He looks up: there are two suns in the sky.
text: There is also a small airplane pulling an advertising banner:
text: “WAKE UP.” Nemo runs.
scene_heading: 270 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET — DAY
text: Nemo is running down the street where he lived with Elise. He
text: stops and looks around. The house is no longer there. The sound
text: track becomes more present. Nemo sees a bus go by. On board, an
text: orchestra is playing the sound track. He watches it pass, stunned.
scene_heading: 271 - EXT. CARWASH - DAY
text: He runs to a car wash. Jean-Claude Van Damme is wiping car windows
text: dry with a chamois. Nemo goes up to him, amazed.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Aren’t you Jean-Claude Van Damme,
dialog: the actor?
text: Jean-Claude Van Damme stops working, taken aback.
scene_heading: JEAN-CLAUDE VAN DAMME
dialog: Are you joking?
dialog: - 110 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: What are you doing here?
scene_heading: JEAN-CLAUDE VAN DAMME
dialog: What do you think, I’m doing my *
dialog: job.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: But... you’re a movie star.
scene_heading: JEAN-CLAUDE VAN DAMME
dialog: I wanted to be an actor, but I *
dialog: always failed the auditions. These *
dialog: days I do amateur theater one night *
dialog: a week, maybe you saw me there.
text: He runs away.
scene_heading: 272 - INT. NEMO’S MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY
text: Nemo comes to the apartment where his mother lived. He rings the
text: bell. His mother opens the door. She has aged. She looks at Nemo
text: without recognizing him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Mum...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Do I know you? *
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: It’s me!
text: She tries to close the door. Nemo puts his foot in the door and
text: pushes it back open.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What do you want?
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Henry! HENRY!
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Mum, it’s me! Your son, Nemo!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My son is right here.
text: The door opens wider, revealing a somewhat hefty man the same age
dialog: as Nemo: HENRY.
dialog: - 111 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What’s goin’ on? *
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This man says he’s my son. *
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: You couldn’t possibly have
dialog: forgotten.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I don’t know you. You’re crazy. Go
dialog: away or I’1l call the police.
text: Henry pushes Nemo toward the door. Nemo and Henry fight, rolling
text: around on the floor while the mother picks up the phone.
scene_heading: 273 - INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE — DAY
text: Nemo is wearing a straitjacket. He is sitting across from a doctor
text: who looks at him kindly. It is the same hospital where old Nemo
text: is. The doctor shows him a series of Rorschach blots, symmetrical
text: ink stains on sheets of paper.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF)
dialog: He asks me what I see. I say it’s
dialog: an “ink stain.”
text: Adult Nemo’s lip movement is perfectly synchronized the child’s
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: He says I have to say more. I say
text: it’s an ink stain on a sheet of *
dialog: paper. He says no, I have to say
dialog: what goes through my mind.
text: The doctor’s lip movements correspond perfectly with the voice of
text: child Nemo. Nemo looks at an ink well on the table.
speaker_heading: CHILD NEMO (OFF) (CONT.)
dialog: I say it makes me think of an ink
dialog: well. So then he says, okay, that’s *
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: 274 - TELEVISION
text: Television images of old Nemo in his hospital bed.
text: 274A - In the street, people crowd around TV screens.
text: 274Abis - On the side of the screen runs an ad for Big Crunch
dialog: breakfast cereal.
dialog: - 112 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: COMMENTARY
dialog: You have until tomorrow noon to
dialog: vote: Should the last mortal be
dialog: allowed to die a natural death? Or
dialog: should he be kept alive? Vote and
dialog: win a vacation on the Moon for the
dialog: whole family.
text: Images of a family in a recreation center on the Moon.
scene_heading: 275 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT
text: The journalist is with old Nemo.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: They’ve announced the results of
dialog: the voting. I’m sorry...
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: At my age, the candles cost more
dialog: than the cake. I’m not afraid of
dialog: dying. I’m afraid I haven’t been
dialog: alive enough. They should write it
dialog: on every schoolroom blackboard:
dialog: “Life is a playground. Or nothing.”
scene_heading: 276 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — DAY
text: Adult Nemo is in a hospital room. He is finishing his meal. On the
text: corner of his tray is a fortune cookie. He bites off a corner and
text: takes out the little slip of paper is something indecipherable.
text: Nemo studies it carefully. He gets up and goes to the window. He
text: holds the paper up to the windowpane. The inscription is written
text: from right to left. In the reflection we can read: NEMO. LEAVE. He
text: looks out the window.
text: 276A - On the other side of the street, a man is posting a sign —
text: in reverse time - that reads: NOW. The reflection of his fortune
text: cookie paper is superimposed, forming a full sentence: NEMO, LEAVE
text: NOW. Nemo gets dressed.
scene_heading: 277 - EXT. HOSPITAL EXIT AND STREET — DAY
text: Nemo leaves the hospital. He walks down the almost deserted
text: street. All of the cars are red. The clouds look like they are
text: hand-painted.
text: 277A - On top of a building an electric sign with running text:
text: READ THE NEWPORT NEWS. Then the SWEN TROPWEN EHT DAER, OMEN
text: (backwards lettering). Nemo reads the reflection in the window:
text: NEMO, READ THE NEWPORT NEWS.
dialog: - 113 -
dialog: + + OF
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: A man wearing a hat gets up from a bench in reverse time, leaving
text: his newspaper: The Newport News. Nemo opens it. His eyes are drawn
text: to an article about a car accident. We see a picture of a crane
text: pulling a car from a river. Nemo skims the article... He stops at
text: an ordinary sentence in the middle of the text: “NEMO, turn to
text: page 5.” He opens to page five. Written there is “turn around.” He
text: turns around.
text: 277B - On the outskirts of town stands a cliff, overlooking the
text: whole landscape. Enormous letters are carved: “NEMO, CALL 123-581-
dialog: 1321.”
text: Nemo goes to a phone booth. He drops in a coin, dials the number.
text: A voice answers. His own voice.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: Hello? ... Who is this?
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Hello? Who’s calling?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I was told to call this number. My
dialog: name is Nemo. Nemo Nobody.
speaker_heading: NEMO (OFF)
dialog: Is this some kind of joke?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: No, I...
text: The other end hangs up. Nemo remains in the booth, dumbfounded. He
text: dials another number.
speaker_heading: NEMO (CONT. )
dialog: Yes, please, I’d like to know the
dialog: address corresponding to 123-581-
dialog: 1321.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: One moment, please... 12358 Alois
dialog: Street.
scene_heading: 278 - EXT. STREET WITH ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE — DAY
text: Nemo reaches number 12358 at a run, sweating. He looks at the
text: house. It is Anna’s house. It is abandoned. Planks are nailed over
text: the doors and windows. It is surrounded by piles of garbage. Nemo
text: pulls off one of the planks and goes inside.
dialog: - 114 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 279 - INT. ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE - DAY
text: The interior is a mess of dust and stray cats. Light filters in
text: through the planks. Nemo comes to the living room, in which there
text: is only one chair, a television set, and a coffee table. Nemo goes
text: to the table. He sees the psychiatrist’s futuristic video
text: recording equipment. He blows off the dust and presses a button.
text: An image appears.
text: 279A - It is old Nemo, against a neutral background, sitting at a
text: table, a sheet of paper in front of him. He is looking at the
text: camera. Next to the TV set, a small camera begins recording. For a
text: moment, the image runs backwards, then stops, and starts again on
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: (on the screen)
dialog: Hello, Nemo. I’m glad you found me. *
text: Adult Nemo can’t believe his eyes. He sits down in the chair,
text: flabbergasted, and watches the screen.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: All of this must seem very
dialog: complicated to you. But it’s
dialog: simpler than you think.
text: (he looks at his notes)
dialog: Be careful, the chair is damaged.
text: The old chair breaks under Nemo, who falls to the ground.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Fine. *
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: I should have warned you earlier.
dialog: But I couldn’t, because of the
dialog: transcript. *
text: Old Nemo points to the typewritten pages spread out in front of
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: The transcript? *
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: The text of our conversation.
dialog: - 115 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: Nemo’s amazement. He looks at the screen, moves closer, looks all
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: Go ahead, say it. You’re dying to
dialog: ask me.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: You... you can hear me?
text: Old Nemo looks at the papers in front of him, then answers:
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: Of course I hear you.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: You... It’s a...recording...
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: What you are living now is the
dialog: past, at least for me. I am you,
dialog: seventy years older. Everything you
dialog: say, I said myself when I _ was
dialog: young. I went into that house, I
dialog: saw what you see. I only had to
dialog: transcribe our conversation. It’s
dialog: all written right here, you see.
dialog: Each word you think you are
dialog: inventing is here on this paper.
text: He holds up the sheets of paper. The dialogue is written on them.
text: The small camera films the scene.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I can’t...
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “believe it.” I can’t communicate
dialog: with you any differently. For me,
dialog: time is inverted. I start from the
dialog: end of the story and I go toward
dialog: the beginning.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: I don’t understand anything.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: You're wondering what life you’re
dialog: in. In this life here, you were
dialog: never born. I don’t know why. Only
dialog: the architect knows.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: The architect?
dialog: - 116 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
text: The child. The one running after
dialog: the train. Maybe your parents never
dialog: met.
text: 279B - Flash: The father walking down the sidewalk, the mother
text: coming toward him. A gust of wind blows his umbrella up the wrong
text: way. They pass without noticing each other.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: Maybe your father died aged five in *
text: a sledding accident.
text: 279C - Flash: Snow. A child in the 1930s racing toward a tree on a
text: sled, who then remains inanimate.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: Maybe you are one of the vast *
dialog: majority of those whose genetic
dialog: code did not reach their *
dialog: destination...
text: 279D - Flash: We see a sperm stop moving and die slowly among
dialog: thousands of others.
scene_heading: 280 - EXT. PREHISTORY — DAY
text: A pregnant prehistoric woman trembling with fever, lying in the
text: snow. Her belly protrudes; she is six-months pregnant. Slowly, the
text: snow covers her.
scene_heading: 281 - INT. ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE — DAY
text: Nemo is watching the screen. Old Nemo is talking to him.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: Maybe when she died, a prehistoric
dialog: woman killed off the line of humans *
dialog: to which you belong. So for this *
dialog: world, you don’t exist.
text: Nemo steps back, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: If Anna’s calculations are correct,
dialog: and you want to find her, you must *
dialog: stay alive until 2092, February 12,
dialog: at 05:50. *
text: The image on the television screen goes fuzzy. Nemo knocks over
text: everything around him. He runs away.
dialog: - 117 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 282 - EXT. STREET OF ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE — DAY
text: Nemo emerges from the house. He looks at it. He sees himself,
text: standing behind the window, waving good-bye. A shadow appears
text: above him, enormous.
text: 282A - Nemo sees a gigantic foot descend from the sky and crush
text: the house, which shatters. It is only a model. Nemo runs toward
dialog: the hills.
scene_heading: 283 - EXT. HILLSIDE — EVENING
text: Nemo is climbing the hill, out of breath. The city is behind him,
text: in the low-angled light of the setting sun. He goes pas the giant
text: letters spelling out: “NEMO, CALL 123-581-1321.” When he reaches
text: the summit, Nemo sees the sun.
text: 283A - It is hanging from enormous cables connected to a gigantic
text: winch that hundreds of stagehands are turning to produce the
text: sunset. Two nurses in smocks catch up to Nemo and grab him.
scene_heading: 284 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — NIGHT
text: The journalist is looking at old Nemo in silence. He is stunned.
text: Nemo has finished. We hear a repeating sound: the tape reached the
text: end of the reel a while back, but it is still turning, flapping.
text: The journalist finally notices.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: I’m sorry, I don’t know how long we
dialog: haven’t been recording. I... I have
dialog: to submit my story tomorrow *
dialog: morning. Everything you say is
dialog: contradictory. You can’t have been
dialog: in one place and another at the
dialog: same time. You can’t have had
dialog: children and not have had them.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: You mean to say we have to make *
dialog: choices? That we can’t *
dialog: simultaneously be a train conductor
text: in the Andes cordillera, a trapper
dialog: in Alaska, and an astronaut?
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: Of all those lives, which one is
dialog: the right one?
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: Each of those lives is the right
dialog: one. Every path is the right path.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: - 118 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (cont'd)
dialog: “Everything could have been
dialog: anything else and it would have
dialog: just as much meaning.” Tennessee
dialog: Williams. You’re too young for *
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: That’s impossible. You can’t be
dialog: dead and still be here. You can’t
dialog: not exist.
dialog: (he sighs)
dialog: Or...is there life after death?
text: Nemo laughs.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: After death? ... How can you be so
dialog: sure you’re alive? You still don’t
dialog: understand?
text: The journalist doesn’t.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: You don’t exist. Neither do I.
text: The journalist still doesn’t understand.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: We only live in the imagination of *
text: a nine-year-old child. *
text: 284A - FLASH: Child Nemo running after the train.
text: Child Nemo’s voice takes the place of old Nemo’s_ voice,
text: synchronized with the old man’s lips.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: (with the voice of child Nemo)
dialog: We are imagined by a nine-year-old *
dialog: child faced with an impossible
dialog: choice.
text: The journalist turns around.
text: 284B - He is at the train window and sees:
scene_heading: 285 - EXT. TRAIN STATION — DAY
text: Child Nemo is running after the train carrying his mother away. He
text: turns around, looks at his father, hesitates. He looks at his
text: mother, hesitates. He wets his pants. His eyes go wide. A series
text: of flashes appear to him, lots of quick scenes, each one
dialog: containing the others:
dialog: - 119 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: He looks toward his mother:... A - The three little girls... B-
text: the train trip with his mother... C - an electric train in his
dialog: mother’s apartment... D - We leave the apartment through the
text: window and find ourselves on the beach with teenage Anna... E- A
text: picture of the beach hanging in Nemo’s room as he lies sleeping
text: with Anna... F - We approach Anna’s face, who is no longer in the
text: bed but in a car carrying her away... G - Adult Nemo meeting Anna
text: again... H - The drop of rain erasing the phone number... I - Nemo
text: in the studio recording the science program... J - Adult Anna on
text: the phone, surrounded by children... K - Adult Nemo driving in a
text: car... L - The accident... M - Nemo prisoner in his car,
text: underwater, drowning...
text: On the station platform, child Nemo turns toward his father:
text: Another series of flashes appears to him... N - The three little
text: girls... O - Child Nemo leaving the station with his father... P -
text: The paraplegic father who teenage Nemo bathes... Q - The meeting
dialog: with teenage Elise... R - The motorcycle accident... S - Teenage
text: Nemo in a coma in the hospital... T - Adult Nemo taking care of
text: bedridden adult Elise... U - Elise packing her bag and leaving...
text: V - Nemo living with Jean... W- The hand over the candle... X -
text: The train racing toward Nemo... Y¥Y - The meeting with Clara... Z -
dialog: Widowed Nemo, alone in his bed... Al - Widowed Anna... Bl -
text: Astronaut Nemo in the spaceship... Cl - The exploding rocket, the
text: bicycles in space... D1 - Nemo in his bath, the shot... El -
text: Nemo’s body thrown into the bushes...
text: Child Nemo, overwhelmed by these visions, stares wide-eyed.
scene_heading: 286 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — DAWN
text: Old Nemo pushes his chess game away and gets up.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: (with the child’s voice)
dialog: In chess, it’s called “Zugzwang”
dialog: when the only viable move is not to
dialog: move. Come see...
text: They move toward the window.
text: 286A - Around the hospital, the city is being dismantled into
text: blocks that in turn dissipate in the air.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: (with the child’s voice)
dialog: What’s that called again?
text: The journalist and the old man look out the window. Behind the
text: buildings, now gone, the sea stretches out before them.
text: Helicopters are removing huge blocks of sea. They are taking the
dialog: sea apart.
dialog: - 120 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: The sea...
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: (with the child’s voice)
dialog: That’s right, the sea... The child *
dialog: is taking it apart. He doesn’t need
dialog: it anymore. Before, he was unable *
dialog: to make a choice because he didn’t *
dialog: know what would happen. And now
dialog: that he knows what will happen, he
dialog: is unable to make a choice. *
text: Nemo gets back into bed. He looks more tired. The heartbeat
text: monitor slows. An alarm goes off.
scene_heading: 287 - EXT. TRAIN STATION — DAY
text: Child Nemo sees the train moving away with his mother on board. He
text: stands there, dazed. He turns back toward his father, then toward
text: his mother, not knowing which of the two directions to choose.
text: Then throws himself perpendicularly in a third direction: he
text: crosses the tracks and runs through the nearby woods, far from his
dialog: father and mother.
scene_heading: 288 - EXT. WOODS — DAY
text: Child Nemo is running breathlessly through the trees. He stops.
text: Rays of light penetrate the branches. Nemo picks up a dead leaf
text: from the ground and blows on it. The leaf flies away, dancing in
text: the air. A gust of wind blows through the trees, carrying the dead
dialog: leaf toward the clouds...
scene_heading: 289 - EXT. ATMOSPHERIC LAYERS — DAY
text: ...The clouds change form, blown by the wind. Dense clouds are
text: moved and stretched through the layers of the atmosphere...
scene_heading: 290 - EXT./INT. MISC. — DAY/NIGHT
text: The dead leaf, lying on the road before the accident, right where
text: teenage Nemo’s motorcycle will pass, blows away, pushed by a burst
text: of wind. The motorcycle continues its path.
text: 290A - Teenage Nemo at the beach with teenage Anna. Nemo does what
text: he never dared do: he kisses her on the lips.
text: 290B - Nemo, Jean’s husband, opens the door of their house, home
text: from work. Jean and the children look at him in surprise. He holds
text: out his fishing rod and takes off his coat.
dialog: - 121 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
text: 290C - A drop of rain forms in the clouds and falls to the ground.
text: Adult Anna writes her number on a scrap of paper and gives it to
text: Nemo. The drop lands on Nemo’s shoe.
text: 290D - Adult Nemo is waiting for Anna. He looks at the chalk
text: circle on the ground. Anna is arriving in the distance. They walk
text: toward each other, then run until they meet in the chalk circle.
text: They embrace. They cry for joy. We circle around them.
speaker_heading: NEMO
dialog: THANK YOU! THANK YOU WIND! THANK
dialog: YOU RAIN! THANK YOU CARS, THANK YOU
dialog: PASSERSBY, THANK YOU CHILDREN,
dialog: THANK YOU DOGS, THANK YOU!
scene_heading: 291 - INT. HOSPITAL (2092) — DAY
text: The heart monitor slows. Old Nemo is lying on his bed. The city
text: around the hospital has disappeared. Nemo is dying. Nurses bustle
text: around him. He looks at the digital calendar that reads “February
text: 12, 2092. 05:16.” He smiles. Miniature cameras hover on the other *
text: side of the window.
text: 291A - His image is retransmitted on a giant TV screen above the
text: hospital. In SUPERIMPOSTION: “LAST WORDS.” A microphone is placed
text: at his lips. He murmurs.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO
dialog: This is... the most beautiful
dialog: day... of my life.
text: Nemo stiffens, his breathing weakening. His heartbeat slows even
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: OLD NEMO (CONT.)
dialog: Anna... Anna...
text: Nemo stiffens. The heart monitor shows only a flat line.
text: The clock turns to 5:17. The second slow, then stop... The clock
dialog: freezes...
scene_heading: 292 - EXT. SPACE
text: The planets slow their progress around the sun. They freeze... The
text: “universe” ceases to expand. The universe freezes.
scene_heading: 293 - EXT. STREET — DAY
text: On Earth, in the streets, everything has stopped moving: a dog
text: frozen in mid leap, passersby immobilize, feet in the air, water
dialog: in a fountain...
dialog: - 122 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 294 - EXT. SPACE
text: Then, slowly, the universe reverses its movement. It folds back in
text: on itself. The planets start moving again, in the opposite
text: direction. The Big Crunch.
scene_heading: 295 - INT./EXT. MISC. — DAY
text: On the hospital clock, the seconds start moving in the opposite
dialog: direction.
text: A - In the street, people walk backwards down the sidewalks. B -
text: Dead leaves go back up into the trees and reattach themselves. C -
text: Rain goes back up into the sky. D - The broken vase on the floor
text: becomes whole again and returns to the hands of Nemo’s father. E -
text: Smoke from a cigarette goes back into the cigarette. F - The
text: swirls of a drop of ink diluted in a glass of water come back
text: together. G - The mashed potatoes and gravy separate in baby
text: Nemo’s plate. H - In the cookie factory, the piece of egg shell
text: reattaches to the shell, now whole. I - A typewriter erases the
text: letters from a page, leaving only a white sheet of paper. J - Ina
text: maternity ward, a baby goes back into its mother’s belly.
scene_heading: 296 - INT. HOSPITAL — DAY
text: Old Nemo’s heart begins beating again. He opens his eyes,
text: surprised. The nurses, stunned, walk backwards out of the room.
text: Nemo laughs. He gets up and leaves the room, backwards.
scene_heading: 297 - EXT. STREET — DAY
text: Nemo is walking backwards down the street, smiling.
text: 297A - He has grown young again.
scene_heading: 298 - EXT. STREET — DAY
text: Adult Nemo looking at Anna’s phone number, which is no longer
text: visible. The rain pulls itself from puddles on the ground in order
text: to go back up into the sky. A drop of water leaves the scrap of
text: paper and the ink reforms the digits of the telephone number. Nemo
text: sees Anna arriving, walking backwards. They embrace and leave
dialog: together, backwards.
scene_heading: 299 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (1988) — DAY
text: Nemo is motionless, in a coma. Suddenly, a finger moves, then
dialog: two...
dialog: - 123 -
scene_heading: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
scene_heading: 300 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY
text: A bubble of water descends through the water and slips between
text: Nemo’s lips as he is motionless in his car. Nemo begins breathing
dialog: again.
scene_heading: 301 - EXT. CITY — DAY
text: Adult Nemo, in reverse, hangs the “NOW” poster across from the
dialog: hospital.
scene_heading: 302 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET — DAY
text: Adult Nemo, dressed as a mail carrier, in reverse, slips the
text: envelope containing the picture of Nemo and Jean under the door of
text: Nemo and Elise’s house.
scene_heading: 303 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY
text: Teenage Nemo is at the foot of Anna’s bed. Nemo’s body is lifted
text: from the floor and slips back into Anna’s bed, into her arms. They
text: roll together, embracing.
scene_heading: 304 - EXT. YARD OF THE FATHER’S HOUSE — DAY
text: Nemo’s father is painting the clouds. The colors come off the
text: canvas and go back onto the brush. The father finishes. He admires
text: the blank canvas.
scene_heading: 305 - EXT. BESIDE A LAKE — DAY
text: Child Anna is sitting beside a lake, on a dock. Stones emerge from
text: the water to land in her hand. Suddenly, a stone emerges from the
text: water right next to her. She turns around, smiling. Child Nemo
text: comes toward her. They play together by the water, laughing.
speaker_heading: THE END *
dialog: - 124 -
dialog: 
