speaker_heading: MUDBOUND
dialog: Based on the international bestselling novel
dialog: by Hillary Jordan
dialog: Written by:
dialog: Virgil Williams
dialog: and
dialog: Dee Rees
text: OVER BLACK we hear the distant rumble of THUNDER.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: TIGHT ON THE FACE OF JAMIE MCALLAN (Caucasian, 20's)
text: Black eye. Cut lip. He looks like a beaten prize fighter
text: who is dripping in sweat and mud. WIDEN TO REVEAL we are...
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM - IN A HOLE - DAY - CONTINUOUS
text: The ash colored storm clouds make it look like night. Jamie
text: scrapes the muck off his shovel blade and resumes. The mud
text: is so thick it’s like digging into raw meat.
text: A distant lightning flash accompanied by THUNDER. Jamie ups
text: his urgency as he chops at the wet earth. An upside down
text: face appears in the hole’s opening. It’s HENRY MCALLAN
text: (Caucasian, late 40's), Jamie’s salt-of-the-earth, older
text: brother. Henry is a man of few words who rarely smiles.
text: They speak with the lilting garble of the Mississippi Delta.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: My turn. Take a break.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: We ain’t gonna make it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We will. We have to.
text: Henry extends his hand and helps Jamie out of the hole.
text: Then, as Henry maneuvers his way into the hole we see that he
text: moves with a noticeable limp. Jamie pulls a handkerchief
text: from his pocket and wipes mud from his face and hands. As he
text: watches Henry dig we hear Jamie’s VOICE OVER:
speaker_heading: JAMIE (V.O.)
dialog: We will. We have to. That was my
dialog: brother, Henry: absolutely certain
dialog: whatever he wanted to happen would.
dialog: The weather would dry out in time
dialog: to resow the cotton. Next year
dialog: would be a better year. We would
dialog: get this hole dug before the storm
dialog: hit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And his little brother would never
dialog: betray him.
text: LIGHTNING and THUNDER. Jamie looks up and sees angry, black
text: clouds eating up the sky. Then from inside the hole we hear
text: a CLANG as Henry’s shovel hits something hard.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Dammit.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Piece of rock, I think.
text: Henry shoves his hand into the mud to pull out the rock. But
text: what he retrieves is actually a human skull missing a big
text: chunk in the back. They trade a look. Henry keeps digging,
text: alternating between shovel and bare hands as he discovers the
text: rest of the skeleton. A collarbone, scapula and ribs.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: No, no, no. Oh Lord... It ain’t
dialog: right. This just ain’t right.
text: Henry digs out the pelvis and leg bones. We hear a metallic
text: CLINK. Henry unearths the tibia and sees a crude, rusted
text: iron shackle with a broken chain dangling from it.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus. This is a slave’s grave.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You don’t know that.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: See here? Shot in the head.
dialog: Must’ve been a runaway.
dialog: (extending a grimy hand)
dialog: That settles it. Help me out.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Settles what?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I won’t bury our father in a
dialog: slave’s grave. There’s nothing he
dialog: would’ve hated more.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: We don’t have a choice.
text: More LIGHTNING and THUNDER.
text: The brothers hold a look. Henry knows Jamie is right.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM - THE HOLE - DAY - LATER
text: The hole has grown longer and deeper and is now a foot over
text: Jamie's head - a proper grave. Henry’s face appears in the
dialog: opening of the hole:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yep, that should do it.
text: Jamie hands the shovel up. But then, when Henry tries to
dialog: help Jamie out, it’s no use. The hole is too deep, their
text: hands are too wet and the walls are too slick.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT’D)
dialog: I'll fetch the ladder.
text: Jamie nods and Henry moves off. As the squelch of Henry's
text: boots steadily grows quiet we see the pain and worry in
text: Jamie's eyes. All around him is oozing mud. And overhead is
text: a crude rectangle of darkening gray.
text: Then we hear the staccato pitter-patter of RAIN DROPS. Jamie
text: looks up and they begin to hit his face. At first just a
text: few, but then they come faster. Jamie tries to climb out
text: again. But he slips back in. Another try and this time he
text: almost makes it before sliding back down.
text: Jamie's panic rises as he tries to claw out of the hole. But
text: it’s futile as his fingers cut through the mud like butter.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Henry! HENRY!!
text: The rain falls harder as the storm hits it’s stride. And the
text: hole is already starting to fill with water. Jamie’s eyes
text: grow wild as he suddenly throws himself against the walls
text: like a trapped animal.
speaker_heading: ON HENRY
text: As he limps back towards the hole with the ladder, he hears
text: Jamie screaming.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: HENRY! !
text: Henry hustles back to the hole but Jamie is too frantic to
dialog: notice.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Jamie!! Jamie, I’m here!!
text: Jamie snaps out of it as Henry lowers the ladder. Jamie
text: scrambles up and promptly doubles over trying to quell the
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I thought maybe you decided to
dialog: leave me down there.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why would I do that?
text: Jamie glances up. Henry’s looking at him like he’s crazy.
text: Jamie hauls up the ladder and moves off:
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Come on. Let’s get this over with.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - LEAN TO - DAY
text: ON PAPPY MCALLAN (60'S), eyes closed, his expression
text: tranquil. He is dressed as we will see him throughout, in
text: his Sunday best. WIDEN TO REVEAL Jamie and Henry standing
text: over him. Henry pulls a sheet over Pappy’s face then regards
text: the ramshackle coffin made of mismatched scrap wood.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I wish to hell we’d been able to
dialog: get to town.
text: Jamie moves to Pappy’s feet and Henry to his head as they get
text: to putting the body in the coffin. As they lift:
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
text: Gently now.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Right, wouldn’t want to hurt him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: That’s not the point.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Sorry, brother. I’m just tired.
text: With ludicrous care they lower the corpse into the box.
text: Henry reaches for the lid and starts to put it on:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Go on. I'll finish up here.
dialog: 5.
text: Jamie nods and throws a last look at the corpse. We STAY WITH
text: him as he drifts outside to the porch. A HAMMER STRIKING A
text: NAIL gives him pause. He produces an almost empty bottle of
text: bourbon from his back pocket. He downs it.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - DAY
text: The rain and wind have slowed down. ON A PAIR OF BOOTS as
text: they trudge through thick, ankle-deep mud. WIDEN TO REVEAL
text: that the boots belong to LAURA MCALLAN (Caucasian, 30's).
text: She follows Jamie and Henry who carry the coffin. Laura is
text: more plain than pretty and there’s a tired strength in her
text: eyes. She stumbles in the muck and we hear her VOICE OVER:
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: When I think of the farm I think of
text: mud. Encrusting knees and hair.
text: Marching in boot shaped patches
text: across the floor. I dreamed in
dialog: brown.
text: The procession arrives at the grave. Henry and Jamie set the
text: coffin down and work ropes underneath it as Laura looks on.
text: The ropes slip, the coffin tumbles to the ground. Wood
text: GROANS and there’s a loud CRACK from inside.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Dammit.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What if we stand at either end and
dialog: run the ropes lengthwise?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Coffin’s too narrow. It falls
text: again it could break open.
dialog: Jamie shrugs, “so what?”
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT’D)
dialog: No.
text: Laura reacts to a mule pulled wagon she sees approaching.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: The Jacksons.
text: As the wagon gets closer we see the JACKSONS: HAP and
text: FLORENCE ride up front with their youngest RUEL (10). Behind
text: them their children, MARLON (15) and LILLY MAY (12). Henry
text: moves towards them:
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Henry, don’t.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: S’not my fault what happened.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Just let them go.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Leaving us in the middle of the
dialog: season? Least they can do is lend
text: a hand.
text: Laura and Jamie trade a look as Henry waves the wagon down.
text: Hap’s eyes are tight and cold as he clucks the horses to a
text: stop. Laura ventures a nod at Florence, Florence ignores her.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you help us out here?
text: Hap considers Jamie. The cracked coffin sinking into the mud.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hap?
text: Florence puts a hand on Hap’s hand. They look to each other
text: for an answer that isn’t there. Laura shifts her weight,
text: looks away from Henry.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I was a thirty one year old virgin
dialog: when I met Henry McAllan in the
dialog: Spring of 1939.
scene_heading: INT. LAURA'S MEMPHIS HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: ON LAURA, mud-free and squeaky clean. She is smiling coyly
text: and we WIDEN TO REVEAL that she’s sitting across from Henry
text: who is quiet and inscrutable throughout. The other guests at
text: the dinner table: Laura’s brother, TEDDY (late 20’s) and her
text: MOTHER and FATHER (50's). This place is a sharp contrast to
text: the farm. It’s light and pristine with clean napkins and
text: crisp, white shirts. Laura’s V.O.:
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I lived with my parents in the
dialog: house I grew up in. My world was
dialog: small and he was my rescuer from a
dialog: life in the margins.
text: Laura’s mother has sniffed out the sparks between Laura and
text: Henry. Mom gives Henry the hard sell with a smile as Laura
text: squirms in the spotlight.
speaker_heading: LAURA’S MOTHER
dialog: Oh, an engineering degree from Ole
dialog: Miss? Laura’s a college graduate,
dialog: got her teaching certificate from
dialog: West Tennessee State.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Oh, my dear sister’s the smartest
dialog: one in the family. Made better
dialog: grades than I ever did.
dialog: (winking to Henry)
dialog: Never heard the end of it.
speaker_heading: LAURA’S MOTHER
dialog: Laura, why don’t you play some
text: piano after dinner.
dialog: (to Henry re: Laura)
dialog: You really must hear her sing.
dialog: (to Laura)
dialog: You should play something for Mr.
dialog: McAllan later.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Momma.
speaker_heading: LAURA’S MOTHER
dialog: How about that hymn y’all did at
dialog: service last Sunday? Or Ave Maria,
dialog: that’s beautiful.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Momma.
speaker_heading: LAURA'S MOTHER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I’m quite sure that Teddy did not
dialog: bring his new boss, Mr. McAllan,
text: over to hear hymns.
speaker_heading: LAURA’S MOTHER
dialog: Well, let’s ask him then. Mr.
dialog: McAllan, would you like to hear
dialog: some music later?
text: Eyes turn to Henry as he finishes a bite of food and wipes
text: his mouth.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I like hymns.
text: Laura, de-centered.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. LAURA'S MEMPHIS HOME - NIGHT
text: Laura opens the door to REVEAL Henry with a bouquet of
text: flowers. She smiles, surprised.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I was unused to male admiration and
dialog: knew only that I wanted more. It
dialog: was at least a reprieve from the
dialog: sincere pity and insincere kindness
text: directed at old maids.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER
text: Laura and Henry gazing at the big screen. She steals a
text: glance at him.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: He didn’t feel the need to fill the
dialog: air with words like I did. He had
dialog: the self confidence I lacked. He
dialog: was, after all, a veteran of the
dialog: Great War.
scene_heading: EXT. OVERTON PARK - DAY
text: Henry and Laura walk hand in hand. The dogwood trees are
text: blooming and flurries of white petals flit on gentle breezes.
text: Henry picks a petal out of Laura’s hair and they hold a look.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Though he never spoke of it, his
dialog: limp was a constant reminder of his
dialog: brave sacrifice. I can’t say that
dialog: I was truly in love with him, but I
dialog: was so grateful to him it dwarfed
dialog: everything else...
text: Henry takes her face in his hands, grinds a kiss onto her
text: mouth. Laura recovers, tries a smile, waits for some
dialog: tenderness, a grand romantic declaration--
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: My brother, Jamie’s coming up from
dialog: Oxford in a few weeks. I’d like
dialog: for him to meet you.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - DAY
text: Laura and Henry in the center of the BUZZING terminal. Laura
text: is dressed for the occasion. Henry paces, excited. A
text: LOUDSPEAKER announces the train’s arrival.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (checking his watch)
dialog: Right on time. That’s rare for
dialog: Jamie.
text: Henry scans the crowd, smiles.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: There.
text: Henry points. Jamie strides through the crowd. He is fresh,
text: clean, beautiful. Henry moves to him as fast as limp will
text: permit. A warm, rocking hug. They step back and study each
text: other’s faces.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You look good, brother.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Likewise.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: The air up here in Memphis agrees
dialog: with you.
dialog: (looking at Laura)
dialog: Or is it something else?
text: Jamie throws Laura a movie star smile. And she is
text: immediately taken by his charm.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: This is Miss Chappell.
dialog: (to Laura)
dialog: My brother, Jamie.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Pleased to meet you.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: The pleasure is all mine.
text: With exaggerated gallantry, Jamie takes Laura’s offered hand
text: and kisses it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: He thinks he’s a character in one
dialog: of his plays.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Henry tells me you’re studying
text: theater at Ole Miss.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (forefinger in the air)
dialog: Ah, but which play, dear brother?
dialog: Hamlet? Faust? Prince Hal?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hopefully one of them fellas can
dialog: earn you a decent wage someday.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What do you think, Miss Chappell?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I think you’re more of a Puck.
text: Jamie is impressed and the dazzle in his smile shows it.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Dear lady, thou speakest right. I
dialog: am that merry wanderer of the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Who’s Puck?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (mock despair)
dialog: Lord what fools these mortals be.
text: Despite being older, Henry has always been in Jamie’s shadow.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Puck’s a kind of mischievous
dialog: sprite.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: A hobgoblin. Forgive me, I’m only
text: trying to impress her.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Laura’s not the impressionable
dialog: type.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Good for her.
text: Jamie smiles and winks at Laura.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION PARLOR - NIGHT
text: WELL-HEELED GUESTS lounging on Queen Anne couches. BLACK
text: SERVANTS buzz about with trays. A BLACK BIG BAND plays
text: something watered-down swing.
dialog: 11.
text: Laura, Henry and Jamie giggling in a lush nook. Jamie is mid-
text: story. Laura is rapt. Henry’s heard it.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Next thing I knew I was sucked
text: under, concussed and bleeding, I
dialog: was as good as gone. Another
dialog: victim of the great flood of twenty-
dialog: seven.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I can’t believe you never told me
dialog: this.
dialog: (to Jamie)
dialog: Then what happened?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
text: I saw a glimmering light. Like a
dialog: fallen star.
dialog: (wiggling his fingers)
text: And a great big hand reached out of
dialog: it. Thought it was God himself
dialog: come to take me. But it wasn’t.
dialog: It was my dear big brother, Henry.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (smiling to Henry)
dialog: You saved his life. You’re a hero.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: He is indeed.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What else was I supposed to do?
dialog: Let him drown?
text: It’s not a pleasant memory for Henry. As he shrugs it off a
text: SERVANT refreshes their champagne.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT’D)
dialog: That’11 do--
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: We've barely had any. Don’t worry
dialog: Henry, I’ve got more stamina than
dialog: you-—
text: Jamie tips the servant’s hands, extends the pour.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What, from modeling clothes? Don’t
dialog: know how you do that. Seems so
text: undignified for a man.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: We'll have plenty of time later for
dialog: you to evaluate my life choices,
dialog: brother. Tonight, we celebrate.
dialog: (raising his glass)
dialog: Here’s to the future. Whatever it
dialog: may hold. May you be blessed with
dialog: happiness, health, prosperity
dialog: and...
dialog: (to Henry re: Laura)
dialog: ...-if she’ll have you, maybe even a
dialog: house full of children. My love to
dialog: you both.
text: Said genuinely. Laura is touched. Despite himself, Henry is
text: too. They clink glasses and drink.
speaker_heading: LAURA
text: Ooh, bubbly.
text: Just then the band switches the beat and ups volume. It’s
text: time to dance. As couples start to move to the dance floor
text: Jamie looks to Henry:
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Would you mind terribly if I hada
dialog: dance with your girl?
dialog: (off Henry’s shrug)
dialog: Miss Chappell? Care to take a
dialog: spin?
text: Laura looks to Henry, Henry nods.
scene_heading: ON THE DANCE FLOOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jamie and Laura whirl. Jamie’s got Fred Astaire moves. But
text: this is new to Laura and she’s awkward. Jamie patiently
text: leads and soon Laura's swept off her feet. For a while it
text: feels like it’s just the two of them out there.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Jamie saw in a different way. When
text: his eyes were on me, I felt like I
dialog: was no longer invisible.
text: Laura and Jamie lock eyes and the connection is overwhelming.
text: The envious eyes of other women in the room. Laura shrugs
text: off Henry’s questioning gaze. The song ends. Laura is
text: breathless.
scene_heading: BACK AT THE TABLE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jamie escorts Laura back to the table. She’s flushed. Henry
text: notices it.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Excuse me. I’11 be back.
text: Jamie moves off and Henry looks to Laura.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You look especially pretty tonight.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Jamie has that effect on girls.
text: They sparkle for him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He likes you. I can tell.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I’m sure he doesn’t dislike anyone.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: At least not anyone in a skirt.
dialog: (re: the dance floor)
dialog: See what I mean?
text: Laura looks and sees Jamie on the dance floor with a PRETTY
text: GIRL. The girl effortlessly follows Jamie through a series
text: of turns and dips. Laura suddenly feels foolish and tries to
text: cover it as she sips her champagne glass empty. Henry refills
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Henry's marriage proposal didn’t
dialog: play out like I'd pictured it
text: would. He wasn’t kneeling and the
dialog: question actually came out as more
dialog: of a statement. Henry wasn’t a
text: romantic. He was made of sturdier
dialog: stuff. But he was a good, hard
dialog: working man. And he loved me. And
dialog: I knew that he would provide, be
dialog: true, and give me children. And
dialog: for that, I could certainly love
dialog: him in return.
text: Laura steals glances at Jamie dancing and smiling.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. HENRY/LAURA’S MEMPHIS HOUSE - DAY
text: Henry carries Laura over the threshold.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I loved domestic life.
text: Then, in a MONTAGE we see Laura around the house cooking,
dialog: ironing, cleaning and being domestic.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
text: Yielding to Henry and waiting for
dialog: him to come home to me was what I'd
dialog: been put on earth to do.
text: CUT TO: Laura holding INFANT AMANDA LEIGH as they
text: finish dinner . Henry insists that she stay seated as he
text: cleans up the dishes.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: And when Amanda Leigh was born I
dialog: became hers completely.
text: Another CUT and Laura plays blocks on the floor with now
text: ONE-YEAR-OLD AMANDA LEIGH while Henry tunes the radio.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: But then came the day that changed
dialog: everything. Forever...
text: We PUSH IN on the radio as we hear Franklin Delano Roosevelt:
speaker_heading: FDR (ON THE RADIO)
dialog: Mister Vice President, Mister
dialog: Speaker, members of the Senate and
dialog: of the House of Representatives.
dialog: Yesterday, December 7th, 1941, a
dialog: date which will live in infamy,
dialog: the United States of America was
dialog: suddenly and deliberately attacked
dialog: by naval and air forces of the
dialog: Empire of Japan.
scene_heading: EXT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - DAY
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.)
dialog: Daddy borrowed Mister Robert’s and
dialog: ‘nems truck to take me. That’s what
dialog: I remember most. The first things
dialog: and the last things stick the
dialog: hardest.
text: A gathering of NEIGHBORS in the tidy yard. Ronsel in crisp
text: TRAVELING CLOTHES, his sister, Lilly May, hanging on his
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY
dialog: Don’t forget about us.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: You know I won’t.
text: Marlon steps forward with a brave face, pumps his brother's
text: hand, claps his back. Little brother Ruel follows suit.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Take care Ron.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Y'all don’t be quarreling. Pitch in
dialog: good, help Mama ‘nem.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: We will.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: And keep them no ‘count boys away
dialog: from Lilly May. Don’t let her turn
dialog: fast.
text: Lilly May smiles through her sniffles, pops Ronsel on the
text: shoulder as she steps back. Marlon does a little salute. Hap
text: looks on from the driver's seat of his rough-idling truck,
text: pride and doubt competing for his eyes.
text: Ronsel slings his pack over his shoulder, ambles over to
text: where Florence holds herself against the cab. She puts her
text: hand on his forehead, cups his face, holds her hand over his
text: beating heart. Bomp. Bomp. Bomp. He’s alive. Ronsel holds
text: Florence's hand over his heartbeat.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: You just come back.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: I will Mama.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: You come all the way back.
text: Ronsel kisses her hand. Florence pats his chest and peels
text: herself away. Neighbors and family surge forward as Hap eases
text: the truck away, spill into the dirt road waving and
text: whistling. But Florence doesn’t look back.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t look back. I didn’t look
dialog: back. It’s bad luck to watch
dialog: somebody leave.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. JACKSON CABIN - DAY
text: Florence opening the windows, chasing out dust. Exorcising
text: fear from the corners of the cabin with her broom.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
text: I held his heartbeat in my hand. I
dialog: remember every beat. He was warm
dialog: and alive. I know every place in
dialog: him.
text: Florence throws open the back door. Beyond a small green
text: garden, COTTON FIELDS stretch infinitely from her yard post.
text: Hap and Marlon are slow-moving specks on the horizon.
text: Florence raises her hand in a wave.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
dialog: And it was all I could do to not
dialog: look back.
text: One of the specks waves back.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
dialog: No, I don’t have favorites.
scene_heading: INT. HAP’S CHURCH - DAY
text: Hap in the pulpit, sweating and quaking and exalting. Swaying
text: trees visible through the missing boards behind him. A breeze
text: blowing in through an empty window pane. Florence in the
text: front row, flanked by her children, duly listening. Her eyes
dialog: closed.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
dialog: I love them all equally. Every
dialog: mother does. But during all those
dialog: four years, all that time he was
dialog: gone...
text: Florence’s eyes open.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
dialog: I only prayed for him.
text: Hap catches Florence’s eye, shoots her a smile.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
dialog: God'1l forgive me.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: John 14:1-3
dialog: “In my Father’s house,
text: are many mansions.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Hap, head
dialog: words.
dialog: Hap lifts
dialog: the crowd,
dialog: The words
dialog: 16A.
speaker_heading: HAP (CONT'D)
dialog: If it were not so I
dialog: would have told you.
dialog: I go to prepare a place for
dialog: you... that’s where I
dialog: am, ye may be also.”
dialog: (beat) I know that brings me
dialog: comfort. It brings me
dialog: comfort that
dialog: One Morning
dialog: My getting up is gonna be just
dialog: a little bit easier than the day
dialog: before. One
dialog: Morning
dialog: My children are not gonna wake up
dialog: in this place, they’re gonna open
text: they eyes on a new sky.
dialog: One Morning
dialog: We gonna knock the boot from off
dialog: our neck, we gonna shake the chains
dialog: from round our feet.
dialog: Oh Yes
dialog: One morning!
dialog: And I’m not talking about the
dialog: hereafter. I’m talking about the
dialog: Right Now! Oh One
dialog: Morning!
dialog: I said One morning Soon... (song)
text: hung low, is silent. Speechless, searching for
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION
dialog: That’s all right, sir. Take your
dialog: time!
text: his heartbroken eyes to the congregation. He scans
text: looking for a reason. His eyes catch on Florence.
dialog: still don’t come.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Church. ..Beloved.
dialog: I don’t know I just don’t know.
dialog: (beat) You see how they done him?
dialog: Y'all seen how they done him.
dialog: Father I Stretch My Hand To Thee
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: EXT. HIGH AND WIDE OVER A FIELD OF COTTON - DAY
text: The shadow of a biplane crop duster BUZZES across fields.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.O.)
dialog: The army made Jamie a bomber pilot.
dialog: But it’s my fault he’s up there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HENRY’S CAR (MOVING) - DAY - SIMULATANEOUS
text: Henry drives on the road adjacent to the cotton field. As
text: the plane roars past his VOICE OVER continues:
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.O.)
dialog: When Jamie was a boy he had
dialog: questions about my time in the
dialog: Great War. How many Huns did I
dialog: kill? How had I been injured? Why
dialog: did they call it great? And all I
dialog: could do was make him promise that
dialog: if he ever had to be a soldier he
dialog: would get up to the sky. They say
text: battle is cleaner in the sky.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE ON EVERGREEN STREET - DAY
text: Henry, Laura, 2 YEAR OLD AMANDA LEIGH, and INFANT ISABELLE,
text: finish breakfast. Henry kisses all his girls good-bye. He
text: rolls a sheath of BLUEPRINTS, stuffs them in a tube stamped
text: ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS. Grabs a construction helmet.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. COTTON FIELD - DAY
text: A pair of TODDLERS ride the long tail their MOTHER’S COTTON
text: SACK. The mother picks and steps, picks and steps in
text: automated drudgery. SHIFF SHIFF SHIFF. The babies gliding
text: backwards on their mother’s effort. Other PICKERS in weary
text: synchrony in the rows alongside her.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.O.)
dialog: Work kept me from my family. But
dialog: the army needed bases and airfields
dialog: and I was happy to oblige. My great-
dialog: great grand daddy and his slaves
dialog: built the farm I grew up on.
dialog: 18.
text: Henry leans next to his idling car, a worn NO TRESPASSING
text: sign hangs limp from a tree. Henry eyes a string of distant
text: SHARECROPPERS. He reaches down and grabs a handful of earth.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.O.)
dialog: One time Grandaddy told me to go
text: grab up a handful of dirt from the
dialog: yard, and I did. He asks me “What
dialog: are you holding?" I said “Dirt”. He
dialog: says “that's right now give it to
dialog: me." So I do and he says “Now
dialog: what's this I've got in my hand?"
dialog: “Dirt” , I says. Then he says “Naw
dialog: boy, this is LAND I've got. Do you
dialog: know why?"
text: Henry sniffs the dirt in his hands, tastes it, spits it out.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.O.)
dialog: And he says “because I OWN it. It's
dialog: mine. And one day it'll be yours.
dialog: But in the meantime, to you and
dialog: every other person who doesn't own
dialog: it, it’s just dirt.”
text: Henry tosses the dirt away.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Sunlight beams through stained glass and a preacher resides
text: over a small congregation. Henry, Laura, Amanda Leigh (4)
text: and Isabelle (2), walk down the aisle followed by Pappy.
text: HENRY’S MOTHER lies in repose. Laura moves past the casket
text: quickly with the children in tow.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.O.)
dialog: Except that land never became mine.
dialog: Pappy sold it after the flood. He
dialog: told people that the river wiped
dialog: him out. But that was a lie.
text: Pappy stops and takes a long look down at the body. Henry
text: lays a flower in the casket. Pappy sobs heavily as he wrings
text: the hat he holds in his hands. Henry starts to reach for his
text: father’s shoulder, hesitates, clasps his hands behind him
dialog: instead.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.O.)
dialog: He walked away from that land
text: gladly.
text: Another PARISHIONER drapes a comforting arm around Pappy.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.O.)
dialog: And when mama died, he sold my
text: dreams as payment for his grief.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE ON EVERGREEN STREET - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Where Henry and Laura make love. Henry climaxes, then slowly
text: rolls off of her. They both catch their breath and stare at
text: the ceiling for several post-coital beats, then:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Honey, by the way. I bought a farm
dialog: in Mississippi.
text: Laura’s head snaps towards him, her face smeared with shock.
dialog: But Henry continues like it’s great news:
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s 40 miles south of Greenville
dialog: near a town called Marietta. We’ll
dialog: be moving in three weeks time.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: When did you do this?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Just recently. I rented us a house
text: in town. It’s a gorgeous with a
text: big old porch, an oak tree, four
dialog: bedrooms. You and the girls will
dialog: love it.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: But we love this house.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: They each get their own room and
dialog: Pappy can have his own space.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Pappy?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Of course. Now that momma’s gone
dialog: someone's got to look after him.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Wait ‘til you see it. It’s gota
dialog: modern electric stove. And it’s
dialog: only 3 blocks from the elementary
dialog: school. And it’s only about a half
text: hour drive out to the farm.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Bought it from a couple who lost
dialog: their son in the war. Felt bad
dialog: taking it at such a low price, but
dialog: they wanted out.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'll have Pappy drive the truck up
dialog: next week.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What truck?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: The pick up I bought to use on the
dialog: farm. Got a tractor too. John
dialog: Deere Model B. Helluva machine.
dialog: I’ll be able to farm a hundred
dialog: acres by myself. Imagine that.
text: Henry realizes Laura has been looking at him, agape.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're mighty quiet.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I'm mighty surprised.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: But you knew I always intended to
dialog: have my own farm someday. I’m sure
dialog: I mentioned it.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No, Henry. I had no idea. I
dialog: would’ve remembered that.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well. I’m telling you now. We've
dialog: got ourselves two hundred acres of
dialog: fertile land. And with that
dialog: tractor I don’t need a bunch of
dialog: sharecroppers, I can do most of the
dialog: work myself.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What about my family?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Me and the girls are your family.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I mean my mother and father.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: They can visit. You can too.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: But...three weeks?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Laura, honey, in a year’s time I'll
dialog: turn enough profit to buy us
dialog: another hundred acres. Man up the
dialog: road is itching to sell. Lot
dialog: better living than I’m making now.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You're going to love it. I know
dialog: you will. You’ll see.
scene_heading: EXT. MEMPHIS STREET - DAY
text: We find the McAllan convoy leaving town. Laura drives the
text: DeSoto sedan with Isabelle and Amanda Leigh. Henry and Pappy
text: are in a pick-up truck packed full of belongings including
text: Laura’s piano.
scene_heading: EXT. A COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: As the two-car McAllan convoy rolls by. It’s much more rural
dialog: out here and a world away from Memphis.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE ANTEBELLUM HOUSE - DAY
text: It’s even more charming than Henry described. The procession
text: unfolds from the caravan.
text: Henry watches Laura as she takes it in. She looks at Henry
text: and softens, the house is lovely. He moves to her and takes
text: her hand as they walk towards their new home.
speaker_heading: AMANDA LEIGH
dialog: Mommy flowers!
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I see, honey.
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: You didn’t tell me we had azaleas.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: So we do.
text: Isabelle coughs as she curls deeper into mommy.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: She's done in. Let’s get inside.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Key should be under the mat.
dialog: 22.
text: Just then the the front door opens to REVEAL a big, bear of a
text: man, ORRIS STOKES (Caucasian, 30's). He’s not friendly.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We’re the McAllans. The new
dialog: tenants of this house. Who are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Orris Stokes. The new owner of
dialog: this house.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I rented this place from George
dialog: Suddeth just three weeks ago.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Suddeth sold me the house last
dialog: week. And he didn’t say nothing
dialog: ‘bout no renters.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Is that a fact? I guess I need to
text: refresh his memory.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: He left town three days ago.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I gave him a hundred dollar
dialog: deposit.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: You get anything in writing?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We shook on the deal.
text: Pappy spits on the ground, shakes his head in disgust.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: I paid him a hundred dollars cash
dialog: right there in the living room. I
text: had dinner with him and his wife.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: You best be getting on.
text: Orris shuts the door behind him.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: You got swindled, boy. Damn fool.
text: Henry is crestfallen. Another cough from Isabelle. Off the
text: whole group looking to Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Then we’ll have to stay on the
dialog: farm. There’s a house. We can
dialog: make it work.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: You mean out there with the niggers
dialog: and the farm hands?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It’s the only place big enough for
dialog: all of us. There’s nothing else in
dialog: town. Believe me, I looked.
scene_heading: EXT. A RUTTED ROAD - DAY
text: The McAllan’s two-car convoy rocks and bumps their way down
text: the road. The land is flat and mostly featureless. African
text: American men, women and children dot the fields, tilling the
text: earth with mule drawn plows.
text: Eventually they pass run down sharecropper’s shacks with dirt
text: yards. African American women hang clothes on lines as
text: children play or watch the procession from porches.
scene_heading: EXT. JACKSON CABIN - SUNSET
text: Hap surveys his land. Ruel and Marlon toil shoulder to
text: shoulder in the fading light. Florence and Lily May chip away
text: at the day’s chores.
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.)
dialog: What good is a deed? My
dialog: grandfathers and great-uncles,
dialog: grandmothers and grand-aunts,
dialog: father and mother--broke, tilled,
text: toiled, planted, plucked, razed,
dialog: burned, broke again. Worked this
dialog: land all their lives. This land
dialog: that would never be theirs. They
dialog: worked until they sweated. They
text: sweated until they bled. They bled
dialog: until they died. Died with the dirt
dialog: of this same 200 acres underneath
text: they fingernails. Died, clawing at
text: the hard brown back that would
dialog: never be theirs. All they deeds
text: undone.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 23A.
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yet this man, this place, this law,
dialog: say you need a deed. All the blood
text: and sweat and dying with dirt under
dialog: your fingernails don’t count.
dialog: Doesn’t make it yours. Say you need
dialog: a deed, not Deeds. So what good is
dialog: a deed? A deed is a piece of paper.
dialog: One of my great-uncles, Uncle
text: William, got ahold of a piece of
dialog: land during reconstruction. A good
dialog: piece of land right next to the
dialog: river. He had a deed. Had his piece
text: of paper and all. Four white men
text: rode up on horses one day, aimed
dialog: they pistols, said it was theirs.
dialog: My uncle’s good deed torn into
text: forty pieces and thrown to the
dialog: wind. It was too good, you see? The
dialog: land he had claimed. And so I ask:
dialog: what good is a deed?
scene_heading: EXT. RICKETY BRIDGE - DAY
text: The bridge spans a small river. As the two-car convoy drives
text: over the creaky structure Henry leans his head out the window
text: and shouts back to Laura in the DeSoto.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: This is it! We’re on our land now!
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. THE JACKSON'S SHED- DAY
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.)
text: Pride goeth before destruction and
text: a haughty spirit before a fall.
text: Hap leads his MULE into the stall, gives its mane a good comb
text: before tying a feed bag on.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.)
dialog: That mule made me a share tenant,
dialog: not a share cropper. And it had me
dialog: dreaming about having my own piece
dialog: of land. Maybe that’s where the
dialog: problem started.
text: Hap saunters back to his cabin, luxuriates in the calm of a
dialog: completed day’s work.
scene_heading: INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - SUNSET
text: Hap and his family shoulder to shoulder around an overflowing
text: dinner table. Cabbage and onions from Florence’s garden. A
text: cast iron skillet with rabbit in heavy brown gravy. A plate
text: of sliced tomatoes goes around. A SURVEYOR’S MAP with
text: outlined parcels is pinned to the wall. A pencil on a string
text: hangs from a nail next to it. Hap stares at it as he eats.
text: Hap leaps up, napkin still tucked around his neck to redraw a
dialog: boundary, scribble notes.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: If only fences could be put up with
dialog: lead.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: The get taken down with lead all
dialog: the time.
text: Hap winks at Florence, Florence blushes.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Won’t be too much longer, Papa will
dialog: it? This time next year I’ma have
dialog: about fifty acres of cotton, fifty
dialog: acres of oats, fifty acres of rice--
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY
dialog: Fool, rice don’t grow here.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Never call your brother a fool.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Well I’ma grow it anyway.
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY
dialog: That’s why I’m not gon’ be no
dialog: farmer, I’ma be a stenographer.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: A ste- what?
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: It’s kinda like a typist.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: They don’t allow no colored
dialog: typists.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Your sister will be the first.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: And? You'll be buying all your food
dialog: from us. We gon’ get all your
dialog: typist money.
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY
dialog: Nuh -unh. ‘Cause I’ma be in
dialog: California or Chi-cago where all
dialog: the good jobs at.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: War gonna be over by then.
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY
dialog: No it won’t--
text: Sudden silence settles over the group.
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY (CONT’D)
dialog: I mean...but Ronsel, he--he’1l
dialog: probably be home Mama.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: I don’t want him back early. Early
dialog: means-—-
text: Hap massages Florence’s shoulders, kisses her temple.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: He’s not coming back early. Y'all
dialog: finish up. Get these dishes rinsed
dialog: off before bed--
text: BANG BANG BANG from the door at the far side of the cabin.
text: All eyes on Hap. The dividing wall between what was a two-
text: family unit has been cut and framed with a door that extends
text: the Jacksons cozy living space. BANG BANG BANG. Marlon starts
text: to rise, Hap motions him to sit. Hap palms a MACHETE that
text: leans just inside the door, holds it close behind his leg
text: before cracking opening it.
text: Henry, fist still raised in a knock squinting back at his
text: ragtag caravan.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: HAP (CONT'D)
dialog: Evening, Mister.
text: Henry swivels back around.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Henry McAllen. You Hap?
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Yes Sir?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We just rolled in, I’ma need you to
dialog: unload.
text: Hap taking in the scene, catching up.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: You’re the new owner. Thought you
dialog: all wasn’t coming until next week.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I wanna get unloaded and the fire
text: going before dark.
text: Henry strides off to the car, doesn’t wait for a response he
text: doesn’t need. Hap looks at Florence, knowing glances.
scene_heading: EXT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - MOMENTS LATER
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Then let him walk.
text: Lilly May and Marlon lingering in the doorway. Hap at the
text: truck pretending not to hear.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It’s too far and we don’t have
dialog: time. It’ll be night soon.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: I ain’t movin’ for no nigger.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: He can’t ride alone with Laura and
text: the girls. And there’s no room in
text: the back of the truck.
dialog: (off Pappy)
dialog: Pappy. Please.
text: As Pappy gets out of the truck he eyes Hap. Hap lowers his
text: gaze. Off Laura and the girls watching the scene...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S PICK-UP TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY
text: Hap bounces uncomfortably between Henry and Pappy. Hap looks
text: down and sees that his hand is ever so close to Pappy’s. Hap
text: shifts and we hear his VOICE OVER:
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.)
dialog: Mist McAllan was from Memphis and
dialog: my guess was he didn’t know the
text: eating end of a mule from the
dialog: crapping end. Told me he intends
dialog: to bring in one of them infernal
dialog: tractors. Imagine that, using a
dialog: machine to work his land instead of
dialog: the hands the Lord gave him. This
dialog: man put three families off on
dialog: account of that damn tractor. But I
dialog: thank God we wasn’t one of them.
dialog: Most times a landlord puts the
dialog: colored families off first.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - EVENING
text: The house is a large rickety shack with a deserted air. It
text: has a warped tin roof and shuttered windows with neither
text: glass nor screens. A porch runs the length of the house and
text: connects it to a small lean-to. There is a dirt yard with a
text: pump. A barn, pig wallow, chicken coop and a pasture.
text: The two car convoy rolls to a ragged stop. Henry, Laura,
text: Pappy, Hap, Amanda Leigh and Isabelle pile out. Laura is
text: mortified. So is Pappy. Amanda Leigh goes running.
speaker_heading: AMANDA LEIGH
dialog: Will we have chickens, daddy?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You bet. Pigs too.
text: A recent rain has turned the ground to muck. Laura steps
text: into an ankle-deep mud puddle and loses her footing. She
text: sucks her foot out, her nice shoes are ruined.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: You alright, Ms. McAllan?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I'm fine, thank you.
text: Henry swoops Amanda Leigh into his arms and continues, though
dialog: it’s more for Laura’s benefit:
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You know what else, jitter bug?
dialog: That river we crossed over? I bet
text: it’s full of catfish and crawdads.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Better git ‘im to replace them
dialog: shutters or we might freeze to
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: I thought you was planning to live
dialog: in town, suh.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Plans changed.
speaker_heading: AMANDA LEIGH
dialog: Momma, I have to tinkle.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Okay, sweetheart, come on.
text: Laura starts heading towards the house but Henry stops her:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Uh, honey, it’s around back.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Around back?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It’s an outhouse. There’s
dialog: no...indoor plumbing.
text: Henry points to a water pump not far off. Laura is
text: incredulous. Henry’s eyes urge her to make the best of it.
text: Hap’s presence makes Henry squirm even more. Thunder rumbles
text: in the distance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The roof leaks in several spots. Henry and Hap back in with
text: Laura’s piano. Pappy sits on a rocking chair, smoking as he
dialog: watches.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Relax yourself Pappy. We got it.
text: Laura bustles out of one of the bedrooms. She rifles through
text: a box.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: The girls are done in. I need their
dialog: blankets.
text: As Laura tries to get to a particular chest she accidentally
text: knocks over a box of books and they go tumbling out. Hap
text: rushes over and helps pick the books up.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
text: Just stack them in the corner.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Yes, ma’am.
dialog: (then reading the titles)
text: A Tale of Two Cities. Wuthering
dialog: Heights.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You can read?
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: My son, Ronsel, taught me. He over
dialog: there fighting under General
dialog: Patton.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: You mean diggin’ ditches and
dialog: peelin’ potatoes.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: No, suh, he a tank commander.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Ain’t no way the Army would turn a
dialog: tank worth thousands of dollars
dialog: over to a nigger. Now my son,
dialog: Jamie, there’s a fightin’ man.
text: He’s flying bombers.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: My son’s a sergeant. 761st
dialog: battalion. Calls ‘em the black
text: panthers.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Hey, hey boy! You know this one!
dialog: Whaddya you call a nigger with
dialog: stripes?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A ra-COON! Hahahaha!
text: Pappy enjoys his joke. Hap lowers his eyes and keeps packing
dialog: up the books.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Where you want this piano?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Let me get the girls to bed first--
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Ain’t no room for that piano. The
dialog: hell am I gonna sleep?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Guess we'll have to put you in the
dialog: lean-to?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: I ain’t sleeping out there, it
dialog: don’t even have a floor.
text: Laura turns her back on Pappy and softens her voice.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Henry, please--
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: There’s no room in the house.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: If you got rid of that piano we
dialog: could put a bed right there.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: True. We could.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: We. Need. The. Piano.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: We could rig a curtain around it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: There’s an idea --
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I don’t want a bedroom in the
text: middle of the living room.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: So you just puttin’ me out?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We’re not putting you out.
dialog: (to Laura)
dialog: Now, honey --
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: When you told me you were bringing
dialog: to this Godforsaken place, I barely
dialog: said a word. When you informed me
dialog: that he was coming to live with us,
dialog: I went along.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Laura-—
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: And when Orris Stokes told you
dialog: you'd been fleeced by that man you
dialog: rented the house from, I kept my
dialog: mouth shut. But I_am telling you
dialog: now, we are not getting rid of that
dialog: piano. It’s the one civilized
dialog: thing in this place. So your father
dialog: can either sleep in the lean-to or
dialog: he can sleep in the bed with you,
dialog: because I am not staying here
dialog: without my piano.
text: A silent showdown with Henry and Laura.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You're overtired.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No. I’m not.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - LEAN TO - MOMENTS LATER
text: Pappy unrolling his bed.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: God-DAMMIT.
scene_heading: EXT. EUROPEAN VILLAGE - DAY
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: “Dear family. I'm writing to you
dialog: from a village in Belgium called...
dialog: (pronouncing phonetically)
dialog: .--Tillet. Belgium is a country
dialog: just north of France and it's
dialog: beautiful. Daddy you would like it
dialog: here. There are lots of farms...
text: The sun is high and warm. WEARY SOLDIERS and the ravages of
text: war are everywhere. RONSEL sits atop his tank, writing a
text: letter. His tank is dirty and as beat up as he is.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.)
dialog: I’ve been keeping busy, mostly
dialog: training and looking for Germans.
dialog: Luckily we haven’t seen too many.
text: That’s clearly a lie as Ronsel eyes a red-crossed ambulance
text: full of wounded soldiers driving by. He continues writing:
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.)
dialog: Of course, by the time you get
dialog: this, I'll probably be long gone
dialog: from here. We seem to always be on
dialog: the move.
text: A gruff SERGEANT (Caucasian) comes marching down the line:
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Man all guns! Let’s move!
text: Ronsel pockets his pencil and letter then bangs on the hatch.
text: A head pops out, this is WEEKS (African American, 20's).
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: C'mon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EUROPEAN VILLAGE - DAY
text: As soldiers march along, a column of tanks rolls by. Ronsel
text: rides, his top half up outside the hatch. A DRONING BUZZ
text: catches his ear and he looks up and spots a formation of B-25
text: bombers flying high above. Then Ronsel reacts to a Caucasian
text: SOLDIER who marches past:
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Hey, jig. Wha’ch you doing up in
dialog: that tank, boy? Be careful, might
dialog: hurt yourself!
text: Ronsel eyes him as he rolls on, eventually passing a sign
text: that points towards: MUNICH 10 km.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.)
dialog: But when we do get a chance to set
dialog: for a spell, the locals treat us
dialog: real nice. They’re not like white
dialog: folks back home.
scene_heading: EXT. A MODEST GERMAN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: With a bouquet of flowers, a cleaned up Ronsel knocks on the
text: door and waits.
dialog: 33.
text: Then a pretty German girl (RESL, 20's) answers and smiles,
text: she’s been expecting him. He presents the flowers and she
text: hugs him. The hug turns into a kiss.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.)
dialog: I'm mighty grateful for that. I
dialog: get homesick, and they do what they
dialog: can to make us feel right at home.
text: As Ronsel and Resl kiss we PRELAP the sounds of BATTLE.
scene_heading: INT. RONSEL’S TANK - DAY
text: We hear the PINGS and PANGS of bullets ricochetting off the
text: armor. It’s claustrophobic and hot in here as Ronsel and the
text: 4 other African-American crew members operate like fingers on
text: a hand. Ronsel is the commander, CLEVE is the driver and
text: Weeks is the gunner.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Panzer, one o’clock!
speaker_heading: WEEKS
dialog: Identified! I got him!
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Fire!
text: The shell is loaded and BOOM. From Ronsel’s POV through the
text: view finder, we see the German tank get hit and blow up.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Woo! Nice shot!
text: Weeks smiles for a moment, then contorts his face as he RIPS
text: A LONG FART. The guys in the tank react.
speaker_heading: CLEVE
dialog: Goddamn, Weeks.
speaker_heading: WEEKS
dialog: It’s them C-rations. Franks and
dialog: beans.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: We should load you in the gun and
dialog: fire you at the Jerries, they'd
dialog: surrender quick.
text: The whole crew busts up laughing. But the laughter is cut
text: short by a VIOLENT BLAST. Shrapnel flies and metal twists.
text: Weeks absorbs the blow and gets most of his head blown off.
text: Ronsel gets knocked back and splattered by blood and brains.
dialog: 34.
text: Then there is RINGING and BLURRED FOCUS as Ronsel gets his
text: bearings. Soon he comes to and sees a FIRE in the tank.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Get outta the tank! Get out!
scene_heading: EXT. THE TANK - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Machine gun fire. Ronsel, Cleve and the other two tankers
text: scramble out of the burning tank into a raging battle. They
text: slide out and hunker down against the tank for cover, pinned.
text: Ronsel checks and cocks his .45. As bullets thud and whiz by
text: Ronsel looks to the sky. He sees a lone B-25 bomber trailing
text: thick, black smoke as it limps home.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. B-25 BOMBER (MOVING) - DAY - SIMULATANEOUS
text: On Jamie, blind-flying, cold wind whistling in through the
text: window, snot and tears drying backwards over his face.
text: Desperate as he struggles with the throttle of the shuddering
text: bomber, Jamie is splattered in blood and some of the cockpit
text: windows have been shot out. Jamie looks over at his CO-PILOT
text: who is slumped, dead and bloody.
text: His eyes are drawn out the window, PARACHUTISTS escaping
text: another plane. Jamie rolls his plane away from the sound of
text: gunfire. The parachutists are shot limp, dead men floating
text: gently on full sails.
text: Jamie’s eyes brush a blood splattered picture of a pin-up
text: girl stuck to the co-pilot’s side of the dashboard. It’s a
text: pretty red-head and there are handwritten words that read:
text: ‘LADY LUCK’. Off Jamie’s hand wrestling with the shaking
dialog: throttle...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Jamie stares at the co-pilot’s empty bunk across from him.
text: The bed is neatly made. There’s a black and white photo of a
text: woman holding an infant among other personal effects.
text: Laughter and carousing from OTHER SOLDIERS outside the thin
text: walls. Jamie pours himself a drink with a shaking hand, an
text: lonely toast to surviving. Jamie is red-eyed, fights tears
text: as we PRELAP the GROWL OF AN ENGINE...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM — DAY
text: HENRY’S TRACTOR GROWLING across an empty, ready to be planted
text: field. There’s satisfaction and hope in his eyes as he
text: surveys the expanse of his land.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTON FIELD - DAY
text: Hap hoes at the earth with Sisyphean determination. He stops
text: to wipe sweat from his brow and sees Marlon shirtless
text: chopping alongside him, straining to keep up. Then he sees
text: Florence in the distance hanging laundry on a line. Lily May
text: feeding the chickens in the coop. Hap resumes his assault on
dialog: the earth.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. THE ATWOOD CABIN - DAY
text: Where CARL ATWOOD (Caucasian, 30’s) leans against a tree
text: sipping from a flask. He grunts at his very pregnant wife,
text: VERA (Caucasian, 30's) as she carries a heavy pail of water.
speaker_heading: ATWOOD
dialog: You better go slop them hogs.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY’S PICK-UP TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: As Henry glides by and sees Atwood sitting as Vera carries
text: her bucket. Atwood trots out to the road, Henry slows the car
text: to a polite roll but doesn’t stop.
speaker_heading: CARL ATWOOD
dialog: You the new bossman hunh? Carl.
dialog: Name’s Carl Atwood.
text: Carl juts a dirty, nail-bitten hand into the cab. Henry holds
text: his breath as he shakes it.
speaker_heading: CARL ATWOOD (CONT’D)
dialog: Well you need anything you call me.
dialog: I’m yer number one man, you hear
dialog: what I’m saying? Can’t depend on a
dialog: nigger to do a white man’s job. Me
dialog: and my wife--that’s Vera back ‘ere--
dialog: we been here for awhile. We’ll
dialog: gitcha acquainted. And listen I
dialog: know now’s not the right time, but
dialog: whenever you get settled in I do
dialog: needa talk t’you ‘bout a new
dialog: contract. ‘Bout a raise? Last owner
dialog: said--
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I’1ll catch you later Carl.
text: Henry speeds away, leaves Carl in the dust. Carl waves after
dialog: the truck.
speaker_heading: CARL ATWOOD
dialog: ‘Salright I know yer busy! Nice
dialog: speaking witcha Henry!
text: Carl’s smile drains as soon as Henry’s truck disappears over
text: the hill. He spits in the tire track.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM — DAY
text: A mass of dark rain clouds in the distance. A distant BOLT
text: OF LIGHTNING cracks the sky. A few beats later, THUNDER
text: RUMBLES. Then slowly, rain starts to fall. A drizzle at
text: first, then heavier and heavier.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM - BARN - DAY
text: Henry HAMMERS repairs. Outside it’s raining sheets. Then,
text: through the open doors, we see Pappy, shoulders hunched
text: against the elements, as he hurries toward the barn. Pappy
text: arrives and shouts over the steady bang of Henry’s hammer:
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Henry! Your wife wants you.
dialog: Isabel’s worse and the other one’s
text: comin’ down with it too.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - GIRLS ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Where Henry busts in to find Laura tending to Amanda Leigh
text: and Isabelle. Isabelle is lethargic, sweaty and wheezing and
text: her lips are blue. Amanda Leigh is more alert but coughing
text: badly. Laura is frantic:
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: It’s whooping cough. Go bring the
dialog: doctor. And tell your father to
text: put water on to boil.
dialog: (off Henry’s pause)
dialog: Go!
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Pouring rain as Henry runs out of the house and into the
text: truck. He pulls out, tires spinning in the mud.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S PICK-UP TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY
text: Where Henry drives, concern all over his face. Then he
text: reacts to something he sees through the windshield.
scene_heading: EXT. RICKETY BRIDGE - SIMULATANEOUS
text: Henry pulls up. The river ROARS and is completely flooded.
text: The bridge is two feet underwater. Henry gets out of the
text: truck and walks closer to get a look. No way across. Off
text: Henry, wheels turning, panic rising...
scene_heading: INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Hard rain outside with occasional flashes of lightning
text: accompanied by rumbling THUNDER. Florence, Marlon and Lilly
text: May, all rapt, sit around the table listening to Hap read a
dialog: letter from Ronsel.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: “I wish you all were there to see
dialog: it. Her dress was so glittery it
text: looked like it was made of stars.
dialog: Even the white GI's couldn't take
dialog: their eyes off her. But tell Lilly
dialog: May, even the great Lena Horne
dialog: hasn't got half the voice she does.
dialog: And please tell Marlon I tried to
dialog: save him some snow, but it melted.
dialog: So I'll be bringing him a glass of
dialog: water instead. Ha ha."
text: Smiles are exchanged. It’s like Ronsel is right there with
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: HAP (CONT'D)
dialog: “And please let momma know that I--
text: BANGING at the door. Florence drops out of her reverie. More
text: BANGING. Hap answers the door-- Henry soaked and desperate.
speaker_heading: HAP (CONT'D)
text: Mist McAllan.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I need Florence. My little girls
dialog: have taken sick with whooping
dialog: cough. I can’t get to town because
dialog: the bridge is washed out. And I
dialog: remember you saying she was a
dialog: midwife.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: My wife ain’t a doctor.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I realize that. But my wife...
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: When they start the whooping?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Isabelle’s been sick for a couple
text: days now. Amanda Leigh’s cough
dialog: started up this afternoon.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
text: They still catching.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: She can give you some remedies to
dialog: take but she can’t go with you.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I’1ll pay you.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: I wouldn’t be able to come home for
dialog: three or four days. Who gon’ look
dialog: after my own family?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Please. My wife is afraid.
text: Florence and Hap consider Henry. Henry’s pride and
dialog: upbringing won’t allow him to beg any further.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Let me get my things. I’1l meet you
dialog: outside.
text: Florence moves to Marlon and Lily May and hugs them both.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Be good for your father.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT HENRY’S TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Pounding Rain. Henry watches as Florence lifts a flapping
text: chicken out of the coop, shoves it in a burlap sack in one
text: easy swoop. Florence strides gracefully to the truck, doesn’t
text: miss a beat. Henry’s confusion apparent.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Girls gon’ need broth.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: And you all don’t have chickens
dialog: yet.
scene_heading: EXT. RUTTED ROAD - NIGHT
text: Henry sluices through the rain, Florence watches him from the *
text: side of her eyes. *
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
dialog: I didn’t have the luxury of only
dialog: loving my own children. My own
dialog: mother, I remember being blue. Blue
dialog: from the dark of the morning, when
dialog: the moon would still be up. She:
dialog: kissing me and my sister, Us:
dialog: pretending to be sleep. Us: not yet
dialog: awake. My mother blue in the
text: twilight, the sun not yet risen.
text: She: going off to work to wake and
dialog: kiss some other woman’s children in
dialog: the sunlight.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY’S PICK-UP TRUCK (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: Henry drives and Florence rides, both silent. The road is
text: bumpy and the rain makes the visibility minimal.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
text: My mother, blue again from the dark
text: of the evening, well after sunset.
dialog: After we had eaten the cold suppers
dialog: she had prepared and left for us.
dialog: After we had gone to bed and tried
dialog: to stay awake to see her, when she
dialog: had been late preparing some other
dialog: woman’s children hot supper. When I
dialog: was a little girl, how I hated
dialog: those other children. The ones that
dialog: never saw my mother blue. How they
dialog: never ate the cold. I swore that my
dialog: children would have all of me.
dialog: Would see me in the daylight. But
dialog: now I know what my mother must have
dialog: known. That if something had ever
dialog: happened to that other woman’s
dialog: children, that would have been the
dialog: end of us. Now I know that she left
dialog: us not out of duty, but out of
dialog: love.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 39A.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now I know...that love is a kind of
dialog: survival.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Henry and Florence darting to the house.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
dialog: And Laura McAllan? Thought the
dialog: Delta would turn her into nothing
dialog: but grudge and bone. I didn’t have
dialog: the luxury of thinking only on my
dialog: own family.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - NIGHT — CONTINUOUS
text: Henry and Florence rush in, Laura looks up and glares
text: daggers. Amanda Leigh is bent over a steaming pot of water.
text: Pappy sits off to the side, smoking.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Who’s this, Henry? Where’s the
dialog: doctor?
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: This is Florence Jackson. She’s a
dialog: midwife.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Do you see anybody giving birth
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: The bridge is washed out. I
dialog: couldn’t get to town. I thought
dialog: she might be able to help.
text: Isabelle COUGHS and HACKS from the other room, Florence
text: shoulders past Henry toward the sound. Abandons the couple in
text: their bickering.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: These children need a doctor, not
text: some granny with a bag of potions.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: The damn bridge is flooded -- what
dialog: do you want me to do?
text: Isabelle starts gagging. Laura rushes to the girls’ room...
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE/GIRLS’ ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: ...-where Florence turns Isabelle onto her side. Yellow PHLEGM
text: and BILE bubble from the child’s mouth, Florence wipes it
text: away. Laura kneels across from Florence.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: I seen this with my own children.
dialog: We need to get liquid down ‘em.
dialog: But first we got to clear some of
dialog: that phlegm out.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Make ‘em some horehound tea. That
dialog: was real good, you making the steam
dialog: for ‘em. We’ll keep after ‘em with
dialog: it. Mist McAllan, would you kindly
dialog: please boil more water, suh?
text: Henry nods and moves off.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: That tea’ll draw the phlegm right
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Once they get to breathing better,
dialog: we'll make ‘em chicken broth and
dialog: put ground-up willow bark in it for
dialog: the fever.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I should have taken them to the
dialog: doctor as soon as they started
dialog: coughing. If anything happens...
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Your girls are gonna be just fine.
dialog: God is watching over ‘em and so am
dialog: I. And neither one of us going
dialog: nowhere till they feeling better.
text: Laura nods her appreciation. For an instant, they are simply
text: two mothers tending a sick child.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - NIGHT - LATER
text: Candle and lantern light. The rain has stopped and Florence
text: is cutting up onions and carrots. Pappy sits in the corner,
text: cigarette smoke curling around him. Florence has her back to
text: him but she feels his eyes on her. She ignores it until:
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: I’m thirsty. Run out to the pump
dialog: and fetch me some water.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: I got to finish this broth for the
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: That broth can do without you for a
dialog: few minutes.
dialog: (off Florence ignoring)
dialog: Did you hear me, gal? I want some
dialog: damn water.
text: Laura enters from the girls’ bedroom:
speaker_heading: LAURA
text: There’s drinking water in the pail
text: by the sink.
dialog: (then to Florence)
text: The girls are finally sleeping.
dialog: After you finish the broth you
dialog: should go on home, Florence.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Yes'm, but like I told your
dialog: husband, that whooping cough is
dialog: catching. If I went home I could
dialog: pass it to my own children.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: We'll make room for you here.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Ain’t sleeping under the same roof
dialog: as a nigger.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Florence, why don’t you go check on
dialog: the girls?
text: Florence moves into the GIRLS’ BEDROOM.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: We can’t send her home to infect
dialog: her own family.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: How the girls doing?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: They’re asleep. And now your
dialog: father is proposing we send
dialog: Florence home.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: She'll infect her own family.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
text: Then she can sleep out in the barn.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: How could you suggest such a thing
dialog: in this cold?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Niggers need to know their place.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: For the last few hours her place
dialog: has been by your granddaughters’
dialog: bedside. Which is more than I can
dialog: say for you. She sleeps here.
text: Amanda Leigh starts coughing. Laura goes to her. Pappy
text: glowers.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE/GIRLS’ ROOM - DAY
text: The room is dark until Florence opens a shutter and sunlight
text: breaks through. Amanda Leigh and Isabelle are sleeping
text: comfortably in their beds. As Florence tidies up, Amanda
text: Leigh's eyes flutter open and squint against the daylight.
speaker_heading: AMANDA LEIGH
dialog: Momma?
text: Florence checks Amanda Leigh’s forehead for fever and then
text: smiles because it has broken. She checks Isabelle’s she is
dialog: fine too.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Morning. Glad to see you feeling
dialog: better.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ll go fetch your momma.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - DAY
text: Where Florence quickly packs her things, anxious to get home.
text: Laura and Henry are in the kitchen area talking quietly.
text: Pappy is sitting by a table, smoking.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: ‘Scuse me, Mist McAllan? I’m
dialog: ready.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: We can’t thank you enough for your
dialog: help, Florence.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: You’re welcome. Just keep after ‘em
dialog: with the tea. They’ll be fine now.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: We have some good news for you.
dialog: (off Florence)
dialog: We'd like to offer you a job.
dialog: Working here. For me. I’11 need
dialog: help with the girls, cooking,
dialog: cleaning, that sort of thing.
text: Florence flicks a look to Pappy, reeling at the prospect of
dialog: dealing with him every day.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: It means extra money for you and
dialog: your family.
dialog: 44,
text: Laura smiles, waiting for Florence to leap at the
text: opportunity. Off Florence, not leaping...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT
text: The kids are asleep. Hap and Florence whisper by lantern
text: light.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: How can we say no?
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: We don’t belong to them. We pay
dialog: rent, work our own crops for us.
dialog: That's it. They can’t just pick us
dialog: up, set us down like we tools.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: You're the one always talking about
dialog: saving. How owning our own parcel
dialog: the only way to get out from under
text: they foot. We’re almost there.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: I don’t want you working for them.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: I wouldn't be working for them. I’d
dialog: be working for us.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I already said yes.
text: Hap pulls away from her.
text: Hap warms.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: (quoting scripture)
dialog: “For the husband is the head of the
dialog: wife, even as Christ is the head of
dialog: the church.”
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: “An excellent wife who can find?
dialog: She is far more precious than
text: jewels. The heart of her husband
dialog: trusts in her and he will have no
dialog: lack of gain...
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: All those Sundays you really are
dialog: listening, huh?
text: Florence kisses him, strokes his beard.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: And now you need to listen to me.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 45.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. JACKSON SHED - DAY
text: Florence watches as Hap inspects their prone, panting MULE.
text: Laying on his side, he foams at the mouth, limbs paralyzed.
text: Hap drops his head, looks up at Florence. PRELAP the sound of
text: a GUNSHOT...
scene_heading: INT. HAP’S CHURCH - DAY
text: Hap is a bullet across the pulpit. He transmutes despair into
text: belief behind his own eyes. He rallies, forces himself to
text: clap and sing. The church falls in with him. Florence tries
text: to sing along but looks exhausted behind her eyes.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: EXT. HAP’S CHURCH - DAY
text: Hap still in his Sunday clothes high up on a ladder. He
text: hammers a mismatched length of siding into place. Another
text: DEACON patches shingles on the roof. Hap stops, takes in the
text: sunset behind him. Marlon sprinting back up the road with
text: building supplies. Hap puffs at the sight of his son.
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.)
dialog: Pride goeth before a fall. But I
dialog: was just looking at God’s own
dialog: creation. Is that pride? Is that a
dialog: sin? Why?
text: Hap’s hammer slips from his grip, he clutches after it, the
text: ladder tumbles sideways. Hap falling in slow motion.
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.)
dialog: I can’t answer my children when
dialog: they ask me.
text: Hap now paralyzed on the ground, stiff and sputtering like
text: the mule. Marlon and other Deacons gathering around him.
text: Hap’s eyes wide in surprise. Hap blacks out.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. JACKSON CABIN - DAY
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS: HAP’S FAILED CONVALESCENCE
text: --Florence cleans Hap’s leg, a river of bloody puss runs from
text: broken skin. Hap doesn’t cry out. His leg is discolored and
text: misshapen. Florence wraps clean bandages around it
text: -- Hap pushes open his bedroom window, sees FLORENCE and
text: MARLON working the field on their own. Florence coaches the
text: boy along, they work well past dark, invisible except for
text: their bobbing lanterns and the percussion of seed bags
text: bouncing against their legs
text: -- Lilly May changes Hap's bedpan, Hap holds himself up one
text: trembling elbow, keeps his face craned toward the wall. Shame
text: pools in the corner of his eyes
scene_heading: EXT. COTTON FIELD - DAY
text: Florence and Marlon’s hard labor apparent in symmetrical rows
text: of furrowed new earth. A RAIN DROP kisses the ground. Then
dialog: another. Another.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.)
dialog: The rain came that next day, a big
text: hard rain that packed the fields
text: down tight as wax.
scene_heading: INT. JACKSON CABIN - DAY
text: Florence and children quiet against the windows as they watch
dialog: nature undo weeks of work.
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.)
dialog: Nothing we could do set there and
dialog: watch it and fret for two days
dialog: until it finally cleared up.
scene_heading: INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - DAWN
text: Hap watches his family out the window as they hoist their
text: hoes and water buckets out to the mud-slicked mess to begin
text: again. Lilly Mae in an oversized hat has joined them this
text: time and jogs to keep up. Four lanterns bobbing against cold
dialog: daybreak.
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.)
text: Lingered along, lingered along.
dialog: Laid in that bed knowing my wife
dialog: was out doing my work for me.
text: Florence's hands all blistered up
dialog: and I seen her rubbing her back
dialog: when she thought I wasn’t looking.
text: Hap picks up a BIRCH BASKET he’s been working on, resumes
text: weaving. The racket of Henry’s tractor crashes the peace.
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Hap!
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: In here.
text: Henry McAllan appears in the window, inventories the room.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: How're you feeling?
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Better by the day.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I expect you are.
text: Henry lights a cigarette.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: How much longer you gonna be laid
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Doc Turpin said six weeks, it’s
dialog: been four already. I bet I’1l be
text: out there by Monday.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Welp. I don’t think you gon’ have
dialog: enough time to get everything in
dialog: the ground. You're skinning it
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: HAP
text: Florence and the boys are working
dialog: double time sir. Plus you know
dialog: fields gotta be rebroke because of
dialog: that rain.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Can’t control the rain.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But y’all ought be well into
dialog: planting by now and you haven't
dialog: even gotten your fields laid by. I
dialog: can’t afford to wait any longer,
dialog: you're a farmer you understand
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Yessir.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: As it stands, it’1l be the end of
dialog: the week ‘fore they even start
dialog: fertilizing. Now if they had a
dialog: mule, they’d be done in no time.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: We lost our mule to lockjaw sir.
dialog: Florence and the boys are--
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You’re gonna have to rent one of my
dialog: mules. You’ll go back on half
dialog: shares to pay it off.
text: The verdict sticks in Hap’s throat. Henry already ambling
text: back to his tractor.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Send one a your boys to come fetch
dialog: that mule after dinner.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Yessir.
text: The blare of Henry’s tractor engine. Hap throws off the bed
text: covers. Drenched in sweat, he snatches down a pair of
text: workpants. He lifts his bad leg into the trouser hole and
text: shimmies his pants over his waist. He shifts his weight onto
text: his good leg and levers himself upright on one leg. He takes
text: a fortifying breath, slowly eases his bad foot to the ground--
speaker_heading: HAP (CONT'D)
dialog: AGH!!!!
text: A horrible CRUNCHING sound as Hap falls in a heap to the
text: floor. Hap lets a SOB escape for the first time.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What do you mean Florence isn’t
dialog: coming back?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It’s only till July, she’s got to
dialog: get that crop in the ground.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Where’s Hap?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: His leg is broke. I told you that.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No you didn’t. Henry? I need help
dialog: with the girls. Can’t you lend them
dialog: a mule?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No we can’t lend them a mule, it’s
dialog: just like with the Atwoods if they
dialog: can’t get the work done on time,
dialog: the have to rent one of ours and
dialog: pay us half of the crop for it.
dialog: Tough for them, good for us. Are
dialog: you for us?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Hap hurt himself working for us--
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hap hurt himself working for Hap!!
text: Laura recoils, Henry catches himself.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Farming is a business Laura. And
dialog: like any business it carries risks.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I just think--
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I sank everything into this farm.
dialog: Everything. We need to make some
dialog: money this year. If we don’t, our
dialog: family’s in trouble. Now. Do you
dialog: understand that?
text: Laura holds her tongue, lifts her chin .
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: He kept the money in a strongbox
dialog: under the floorboards of our
dialog: bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM BEDROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Eight. Thirty. Sixty Two. The date
dialog: the Confederate forces crushed the
dialog: Union Army in the Battle of
dialog: Richmond.
text: Laura's fingers spin the dial and open the box. A stack of
dialog: wrinkled cash.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I don’t think he knew that I knew
dialog: the combination.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - EVENING
speaker_heading: DOCTOR PEARLMAN
dialog: Hello Mrs. Jackson?
text: Florence surprised at the unaccustomed respect. The thick
dialog: German accent.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR PEARLMAN
dialog: I’m Doctor Pearlman. I’m here to
dialog: treat your husband.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Oh... Thank you.
text: Florence steps aside, waves the doctor in. Florence spots
text: Laura idling in the truck. Laura waves from the driver's
text: seat. Florence waves back as she pulls away.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
dialog: If you’da asked me before then,
dialog: I’'da told you all white folks was
dialog: the same.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR PEARLMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Whoever did this is not a doctor.
text: Florence follows the Doctor’s voice into the bedroom, lingers
text: in the doorway.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR PEARLMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s badly infected and I’m going
dialog: to have to re-set the bone.
text: Hap motions for a bottle of WHISKEY. Florence reaches for it,
text: Doctor Pearlman unearths an ANESTHETIC MASK, and a vial of
speaker_heading: CHLOROFORM.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR PEARLMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: No, no that won’t be necessary, of
dialog: course I’m going to administer an
dialog: anesthetic.
text: Hap and Florence embarrassed. Doctor Pearlman favors Florence
text: with a smile.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR PEARLMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: But a little whiskey never hurt.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Laura lying on her back, her gown below her knees
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Henry stayed mad at me. And he
dialog: showed it by ignoring me in our
dialog: bed.
text: Henry clomps in, pretends not to see her. Laura hoists her
text: gown up to her thighs.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I hadn't always enjoyed Henry's
dialog: lovemaking, but it made me feel
dialog: like a true wife. He liked to do it
dialog: at night with one candle. That was
text: his signal, the rasp of match
dialog: against the striker.
text: Henry blows out the candle. Gives her his back. Laura
text: caresses Henry’s back. He ignores her.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I never thought of refusing him.
dialog: How could he refuse me? No it
dialog: wasn’t fulfilling. But it was at
dialog: least a kind of sweet intimacy.
text: Laura reaches over, gropes between Henry’s legs. Henry picks
text: her hand up, places it back on her side of the bed.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I never realized how much I needed
dialog: that until he turned away from me.
scene_heading: INT. A MODEST GERMAN HOUSE - BEDROOM — DAY
text: Sunlight fills the room where Ronsel and Resl sleep
text: peacefully entwined. We notice a delicate gold necklace with
text: a_crucifix hanging from Resl’s neck. A few quiet beats, then
text: a cacophony of HORN HONKS and JEEP ENGINES crescendos.
text: Ronsel wakes quickly but Resl snoozes on. Then, outside, he
text: hears HOOTS and HOLLERS.
dialog: 
text: Ronsel extracts himself from Resl’s sleepy embrace and moves
text: to the window. There he sees a procession of American
text: soldiers hanging off jeeps and trucks, waving American flags.
scene_heading: SOLDIERS OUTSIDE
dialog: War's over! Hitler’s dead! The
dialog: war’s over!
text: Ronsel watches them wondering if it’s true. Resl joins him
text: at the window as the impromptu victory parade rolls by.
dialog: 54.
text: They look at each other, both knowing what it means: he’s
text: going home soon. A melancholy embrace. Ronsel closes his
text: eyes.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUS —- DAY
text: As Ronsel is suddenly woken up by the CONDUCTOR (White, 40's)
text: who moves down the aisle from the loose White section to the
text: over-packed Colored section.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Tupelo! Next stop! Tupelo!
text: Ronsel is in his dress uniform, adorned with medals. He
text: shakes off his sleep, looks out the window.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.)
dialog: Home again, home again. Jiggety -
text: jig. Coon, spade, darky, nigger.
dialog: Went off to fight for my country
dialog: and came back to find it hadn’t
dialog: changed a bit.
text: Ronsel reaches into his pocket and pulls out Resl’s gold
text: necklace and crucifix - a keepsake. Ronsel notices a LITTLE
text: BOY staring at him. Ronsel winks. The Little Boy salutes.
text: Ronsel returns the salute.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. TRICKLEBANK’S GENERAL STORE - DAY
text: Ronsel hops off the bus, pack slung, medals twinkling. He
text: takes his time surveying the stark town strip, a few
text: loitering WHITE TOWNSMEN eye him as he passes.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. TRICKLEBANK’S GENERAL STORE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ronsel enters and finds Laura chatting with store owner, ROSE
text: TRICKLEBANK (Caucasian, female, 30's). Rose is back-country-—
text: tough and wears a bandana to pull back her hair.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Howdy, Miz Tricklebank.
speaker_heading: TRICKLEBANK
dialog: Ronsel, is that you?
dialog: 54a.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Yes, ma’am, last time I looked.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: TRICKLEBANK
dialog: Well, I declare. Aren’t you grown
dialog: up. How are you?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Can’t complain. How you been?
speaker_heading: TRICKLEBANK
dialog: Getting along fine. You seen your
dialog: folks yet?
text: As Ronsel grabs canned goods, sugar, and candy:
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: No, I just got in. I wanted to
dialog: stop and buy a few things for ‘em
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Hello, Ronsel. I’m Mrs. McAllan.
dialog: Your parents work on our farm.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: How do, ma’am?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Do Hap and Florence know you’re
dialog: coming home?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: No, I wanted to surprise ‘em.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Your mother talks about you all the
dialog: time. I know they’1l be mighty
dialog: glad to see you.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Likewise.
speaker_heading: TRICKLEBANK
dialog: (re: Ronsel’s purchases)
dialog: That everything?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Yes, ma’am.
speaker_heading: TRICKLEBANK
dialog: Sugar and candy too?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Sugar’s for my momma. Candy’s for
dialog: Marlon and Lilly May. Figured I'd
dialog: spoil ‘ema little.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (smiling re: his stripes)
dialog: Sergeant’s pay.
speaker_heading: TRICKLEBANK
dialog: I’m sure they'll appreciate that.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: My brother served in the Pacific.
dialog: And my husband’s brother was a
dialog: bomber pilot. Both of them fine,
dialog: thank God. Nice to see you boys
text: finally coming home.
speaker_heading: TRICKLEBANK
dialog: Comes to four dollars even.
text: As Rose puts Ronsel’s things into a sack, Orris Stokes enters
text: the store. He’s so big he takes up the entire doorway.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Well looky what we got here. A jig
text: in a uniform.
text: Ronsel ignores the comment and pays Rose:
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Thank you, Miz Tricklebank.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Sure thing.
text: Just then Henry and Pappy enter the store with ANOTHER MAN.
text: Ronsel grabs his things and tries to step around Stokes so he
text: can exit. But Stokes moves in front of him.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Where you think you’re going, boy?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Beg pardon, suh. Just trying to
dialog: get home to see my folks.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Not that way you ain’t.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Henry, this is Hap and Florence's
text: son, Ronsel. He just returned from
dialog: overseas.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Well, that explains why you’re
text: trying to leave by the front door.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: PAPPY (CONT'D)
dialog: You must be confused as to your
dialog: whereabouts.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: I ain’t confused at all, suh.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Oh, I think you are, boy. I don’t
dialog: know what they let you do over
dialog: there, but you’re in Mississippi
dialog: now, nigger. You use the back door.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Go on now. We don’t want any
dialog: trouble. Go on.
text: Fists clench as the air thickens with hostility. Ronsel is
text: anchored where he stands, head high and defiant as he
text: squarely meets the gaze of each man in the room. Laura's
text: eyes plead with him to just go. Then Ronsel looks to Pappy:
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: You know, suh, you’re right. We
dialog: didn’t go in the back over there.
dialog: General Patton put us right up on
dialog: the front lines. Yessuh, he took
dialog: us when nobody else thought we were
dialog: worth a damn. And you know we did?
dialog: We kicked the hell outta Hitler and
dialog: them Jerries. All while every one
dialog: of you was back here safe and sound
dialog: at home. No need to thank me.
dialog: (then)
text: Miz Tricklebank. Miz McAllan.
text: The white men are agape as Ronsel grabs his things and
text: strides out the back door. Angles toward the long dusty road
text: out of town.
scene_heading: INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.)
dialog: Bless us, oh Lord, and these thy
dialog: gifts which we are about to receive
dialog: from thy bounty through Christ our
dialog: Lord and savior.
text: Hap, Florence, Marlon, Ruel and Lilly May, all with their
text: eyes closed, mid-prayer:
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: HAP (0.S.)
dialog: And, Lord, thank you for the sun
dialog: you been sending to make the cotton
dialog: grow and for the health of all here
dialog: present. And, Lord Jesus, please
dialog: watch over my boy, Ronsel, wherever
dialog: in creation he may be.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (0.S.)
dialog: Amen.
text: Heads snap to the doorway where Ronsel is standing. The
text: Jacksons are collectively frozen.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, ain’t nobody gonna offer me
dialog: some supper?
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY
dialog: Ronsel!
text: And Lilly May is up like a flash and in Ronsel’s arms.
text: Florence is immediately driven to tears as she wraps her arms
text: around Ronsel and covers him with kisses.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: My baby...
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Hi, momma.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: So grown.
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY
dialog: Handsome too.
text: Marlon works his way in and hugs Ronsel tightly.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Marlon here’s catching up with me!
dialog: How tall are you?
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: Wha’d you get all them medals for?
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY
dialog: How was the trip home?
speaker_heading: MARLON FLORENCE
dialog: You get ‘em for killing Why didn’t you write to tell
dialog: Germans? us you was coming?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Quit fussing over him now and let
text: him say hello to his father.
text: They part so Hap can take a look at Ronsel. Then Ronsel
text: rushes up and hugs him. Hap holds his son, tears welling.
speaker_heading: HAP (CONT'D)
dialog: I knew you’d come. I prayed for it.
scene_heading: EXT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT
text: It’s a warm night and a blanket of stars covers the sky.
text: Cigarette smoke curls up into it and we find Ronsel on the
text: porch of the shack, smoking as he stares at the heavens. He
text: reacts when Hap and Florence come out.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: I’ve never known you to smoke, son.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: A lot’s changed.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: You sure you get enough to eat?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: I’m stuffed. Used to dream about
dialog: them biscuits, Momma.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: I dreamt about you too.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: What did you see?
text: Florence shakes her head and shivers at the thought. Then:
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: You back with us now. Safe and
dialog: sound.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Be nice to have another pair of
dialog: hands. With you home we might can
dialog: make up what we lost after my
dialog: accident. Payoff the lien, get a
dialog: new contract, go back to being
dialog: tenants next year--
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Maybe he got plans of his own, Hap.
dialog: Let him find his own mind.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Oh, no. Yeah. I mean, of course.
dialog: I'll stay awhile. It’1ll give me
dialog: time to figure things out. Put the
dialog: war behind me.
text: Hap is excited by the prospect, leans against the post his
text: crutches forgotten. But Ronsel is far away and is only
text: feigning enthusiasm. HEADLIGHTS of a truck coming down the
text: road. The truck pulls into the yard and Henry gets out.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: What’s he want now?
text: Ronsel stiffens. Hap and Florence trade a look as Henry
text: strides up to the porch.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Evening, Hap. Florence.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Mist McAllan. This is our son,
dialog: Ronsel, I told you about.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We've met.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I’d better speak to you alone, Hap.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: I ain’t a child. Sir. You got
dialog: something to say to my father, you
dialog: can say it to me too.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: All right then. You’re asking for
dialog: a heap of trouble by acting like
dialog: you did earlier at Tricklebank’s.
dialog: And I know you don’t want trouble,
dialog: least of all for your family here.
speaker_heading: HAP FLORENCE
dialog: What’d you do? He couldn’ta done anything.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
text: Just tried to walk out the door is
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: The front door. And when my father
dialog: corrected him he made a fine
dialog: speech. Put us all in our place,
dialog: didn’t you?
dialog: 
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Is that true?
dialog: (off Ronsel’s nod)
dialog: Then I reckon you best apologize.
text: Henry waits and Ronsel glares. But Ronsel knows he has no
text: choice and he forces the words out:
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: I’m mighty sorry, Mr. McAllan.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: My father’1l wanna hear it too.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Ronsel will pay him a visit after
dialog: church tomorrow. Won’t you, son?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Yes.
text: Hap needles Ronsel out the side of his eye.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Good. We'll be expecting you, boy.
text: Henry strolls back to his truck and pulls off. Hap sees the
text: frustration in Ronsel’s eyes.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: No point in fighting ‘em. They
dialog: just gon’ win every time.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Not used to walking away from
dialog: fights, daddy. Not anymore.
text: Ronsel eases past his father. Florence catches Ronsel’s hand
text: at the door, squeezes. Ronsel kisses his mother’s hand, pats
text: it as he moves off. Hap and Florence exchange wordless
text: worries in the dark.
scene_heading: X1000/A9BXT JACKSON CABIN - NIGHT
text: Ronsel & Florence lounge in their separate thoughts. Take in
text: the sleeping silence. Ronsel materializes a Hershey Bar and
text: lays it on her knee.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: For you.
dialog: 61A.
text: Florence stunned from her day dream.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Oh. I -- no. This is so much. Your
dialog: brothers and sister will love this.
dialog: I'll save it --
text: Florence moves to take the bar in her apron. Ronsel puts his
text: hands on hers.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: No. It's for you.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Oh baby, I can't.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Go head. I'ma watch you.
text: Florence giggles, backs in pampering. She ventures one modest *
text: square, pleasure washes over her face. Florence holds
text: Ronsel's gaze stuffs down overflowing emotions.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: (Beat) Thank you.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: I love you Ma.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - DAY
text: Shouting from the barn. It’s Henry arguing with Carl Atwood.
text: Their discussion moves towards the porch:
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t give a damn! If you can’t
dialog: do your job, I can’t keep you on.
dialog: That’s how it works.
speaker_heading: ATWOOD
dialog: Henry, please, I got Vera and the
dialog: girls and one on the way -- we
dialog: don’t got anyplace else to go.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: That’s not my problem, Carl. And I
dialog: got kids too. But I’m runnin’ a
dialog: farm here, not a charity.
speaker_heading: ATWOOD
dialog: Please, sir.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I'll give you to the end of the
dialog: week. And then I want you gone.
text: Henry walks away. As he moves past Laura and into the house
text: Carl stands there, shell-shocked. Then eventually, he moves
text: off down the road.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - LATER
text: Laura reading in a chair, rocking herself unconsciously. Vera
text: Atwood waddling up the porch steps--pregnant belly, fresh
text: black eye and split lip.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Howdy Miz McAllan!
text: Vera like a child, pressed against the screen door. Laura
text: lowers her book, affixes pleasantness to her face.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Hello. Miss--
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Vera. You can call me Vera.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Hello Vera.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: This here is my youngest, Alma.
text: Vera’s skinny daughter ALMA, recessive of chin and dull of
text: eye lifts her gaze to Laura’s.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: VERA (CONT'D)
dialog: We needa talk to you.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - LATER
text: Vera crossing her dirty bare feet on Laura’s rug. Laura tries
text: not to notice. Her daughter Alma in the window picking at the
text: ends of her hair.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: You cain’t put us off.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: We ain’t got nowhere to go if you
dialog: put us off. Nobody’1l hire us this
dialog: late in the season.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: It’s not up to me Vera, it’s up to
dialog: my husband.
text: Vera rubs her pregnant belly.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: I’m asking you to keep us on.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I’m telling you, it’s not my
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: And if it was?
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Laura hums as she churns butter on the porch while Henry
text: reads the paper and Pappy smokes. Laura’s churning is
text: especially tense and Henry notices:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Alright then, what is it?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You got something on your mind. I
dialog: can tell.
dialog: (off Laura)
dialog: You sing when you're happy.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: And hum when you’re not. C’mon
dialog: now, out with it.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Vera Atwood is eight and a half
dialog: months pregnant. Where would they
dialog: go? How would they survive?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Ain’t this touching? Saint Laura,
dialog: protector of women and children.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: Atwood is a lazy, stupid drunk.
dialog: He’s lucky I’ve kept him this long.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Then make him work on half shares
dialog: like Hap and his family.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why would I go through all that
dialog: when I can just hire a new tenant?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Because you are a Christian.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: The Lord ain’t the one putting food
dialog: on our table.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Didn’t you tell me most farmers
dialog: around here can’t find enough help
dialog: to make a crop?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Call it a business decision. For
dialog: the good of the farm.
text: Laura has a point.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I’ll have a word with Carl tomorrow
dialog: morning. Just a word.
text: Laura rewards him with the tiniest smile, softens her
text: churning. Henry basks in her quiet favor.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Next she'll be telling you what to
dialog: plant.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: EXT. MCALLAN FARM HOUSE -— MORNING
text: Laura’s hands red, raw, and forgotten between her knees. A
text: washboard leans in a still steaming bucket of gray water.
text: Laura stares at a dead mouse curled on the bottom step.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Violence is part and parcel of
dialog: country life. You're forever being
text: assailed by dead things.
text: Amanda Leigh accidentally bumps a pair of trousers off the
text: clothesline. Amanda Leigh jumps back from the muddy heap,
text: braces for her mother’s censure. Laura just blinks. Amanda
text: Leigh slings the pants back onto the line and scurries away.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
text: Dead mice, dead rabbits, dead
text: possums, dead birds.
scene_heading: EXT. MCALLAN FARM - BARN - DAY
text: A POSSUM CORPSE languishes beneath a tree. Ants march in and
text: out of its pink mouth.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: You find them in the yard. You
text: smell them rotting under the house.
scene_heading: EXT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - DAY
text: A sharp flick of the wrist, Florence SNAPS a chicken’s neck.
text: The body flops and unspirals itself as she runs a boning
text: knife across the jugular, spills hot blood onto the dirt.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: And then there are the creatures
dialog: you kill for food.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ATWOOD CABIN - DAY
text: Dirty CHILDREN straddle and climb the rickety porch railing.
text: Vera Atwood nudges tight brown fur backward over limp
text: squirrel haunches.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Chickens, hogs, deer, frogs,
dialog: squirrels. Pluck, skin, disembowel,
dialog: debone, fry.
text: Vera wipes her nose on her shoulder, wedges the too-dull
text: pocketknife deeper under the skin.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Eat. Start again. Kill.
text: Laura runs a pipe cleaner down the barrel of a HUNTING RIFLE.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I learned how to stitch up a
text: bleeding wound, load and fire a
text: shotgun, reach into the womb of
text: heaving sow to deliver a breech
dialog: piglet. My hands did these things.
text: Laura snaps the barrel into place.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: But I was never easy in my mind.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - MAIN ROOM - DAY
text: Laura gnawing at the balls of her hands. Thick yellow
text: callouses peel off between her teeth. She chews them
text: thoughtfully. Stares out the window entranced.
speaker_heading: AMANDA LEIGH
dialog: Momma, somebody’s coming!
text: A handsome soldier in aviator sunglasses carrying a suitcase.
text: Laura looks and realizes:
speaker_heading: AMANDA LEIGH (CONT’D)
dialog: Uncle Jamie!!
text: Laura shoots to her feet, smooths her hands against her
dialog: apron.
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Jamie?!
text: Henry whoops and bolts off the porch, limp and all. Laura
text: hangs back in the doorway. She straightens her dress and
text: runs her fingers through her hair. She sights her dirty
text: fingernails, clasps her hands behind her back.
text: Henry rocks Jamie in a tight embrace. They separate, look at
text: each other. Grab each other again.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You look good, brother.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You look like hell.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Don’t sugarcoat it now.
dialog: 67.
text: Laura edges closer with Amanda Leigh and Isabelle, she holds
text: out her hands for a squeeze. Jamie smiles, scoops her into a
dialog: hug instead.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Laura. Sweet sister-in-law.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Welcome home, Jamie.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: How are you liking it here in
dialog: Henry’s version of paradise?
text: Laura starts to answer but is spared from having to lie by:
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: You’d think a son would see fit to
text: greet his own father.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Dearest Pappy. I’d forgotten how
dialog: much I missed you.
text: Said with a cut of sarcasm as Jamie shakes Pappy’s hand.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (to Jamie re: Pappy)
dialog: He’s missed you too. He won't
dialog: admit it but he has.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I bet. And he probably quit
dialog: smoking and joined the NAACP too.
text: Laura laughs and Jamie winks at her. Pappy doesn’t appreciate
text: the joke. Then Jamie smiles at Amanda Leigh and Isabelle.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well hello little ones. Give your
text: uncle Jamie a hug.
text: The girls run and jump into his arms.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The jitter of Jamie’s hand as he cradles a lit cigarette. He
text: pours a drink and finishes in a single draught. Pappy takes
text: note, doesn’t hide his disdain. Henry pretends not to see.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: So what's it like being a big hero?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I wouldn’t know.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Don’t give me that. Army wrote me
dialog: about your fancy medals. Said they
dialog: was the highest honors an airman
dialog: could receive.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I was lucky. Lotta guys weren't.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Bet you got plenty of tail out of
dialog: it too.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Jamie’s never needed medals to get
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Damn right. Takes after me that
dialog: way. Your momma was the prettiest
dialog: girl in Greenville. And I had ‘em
text: all sniffing after me.
text: Pappy smiles with his yellow teeth. Jamie shifts in his
text: chair and lights one cigarette with another.
speaker_heading: PAPPY (CONT'D)
dialog: One thing’s for sure. You must’a
dialog: killed a whole lotta Krauts to get
dialog: all them medals.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well, how many’d you take out?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Take a guess.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I don’t know. Why’s it matter?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: A man ought to know how many men
text: he’s killed.
dialog: 69.
text: Henry returns with the bottle and a glass. Jamie quickly
text: uncorks it and pours heavily. He gulps it down and refills.
text: Henry is surprised.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I can tell you this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was more than one.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Aw, shit.
text: Pappy’s eyes narrow and he seethes for a beat,
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Well, at least I looked my one in
dialog: the eye before I shot him. Not
dialog: like dropping bombs from a mile up
text: in the air.
text: Jamie throws back his drink and pours another.
text: uncomfortable silence until Henry interrupts:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well, good time to hit the hay.
dialog: Got an early day tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I'll just finish my drink.
text: then smirks:
dialog: Then there is
text: Pappy absorbs this, grabs a lantern and shuffles out. Jamie
text: slugs back his whiskey. His eyes flick back to the bottle.
text: Henry grabs it and moves it out of range.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What you need is a good night’s
dialog: sleep. Laura made a bed up for you.
text: Jamie stands and Henry gives him a hug.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Welcome home, little brother.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now, go on, get some sleep.
text: Henry starts to move off.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Actually it was more like four.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What?
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
text: Miles up in the air. The altitude
dialog: we dropped bombs from.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: How can you even see anything from
dialog: that high up?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You'd be surprised. Roads, cities,
dialog: factories. Just not people. From
dialog: twenty thousand feet they’re not
dialog: even ants.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Pappy’s right. A man ought to
dialog: know.
text: Jamie is haunted. Henry is concerned.
scene_heading: INT. TRICKLEBANK’'S GENERAL STORE - DAY
text: Rose Tricklebank takes her time bagging groceries for Jamie.
text: Jamie is polite, but curt as his eyes are on his freshly
dialog: purchased bottle of bourbon.
speaker_heading: TRICKLEBANK
dialog: How long you been back from
dialog: overseas now?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Coupl’a weeks.
speaker_heading: TRICKLEBANK
dialog: And how’re you liking Marietta?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Lovely little town. Just lovely.
text: Tricklebank moves to bag the bourbon, but Jamie intervenes.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, I got that one. Let’s just put
dialog: that right here.
text: Jamie puts the bottle in a convenient spot, hurriedly shoves
dialog: in the remaining provisions.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: There we go. Much obliged, Miz
dialog: Tricklebank. You have yourself a
dialog: wonderful day.
text: Jamie smiles, grabs his stuff and heads out.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: TRICKLEBANK
dialog: Take care, now. Come back soon.
scene_heading: EXT. TRICKLEBANK’S GENERAL STORE - DAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Jamie hustles past a handful of WHITE TOWNSMEN on the porch
text: of the store. Among them is Orris Stokes. A passing car
text: BACKFIRES. Jamie hits the ground and covers his head.
text: Groceries spill everywhere. The townsmen murmur and stare.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (0.S.)
dialog: It’s alright. It was just a car.
text: A helping hand extended, Jamie follows it up to Ronsel.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Backfired. Must have a stuck
dialog: intake valve.
text: Jamie looks up at the porch and sees mean eyes staring from
text: underneath hat brims. He ignores Ronsel’s hand, gets up and
text: retrieves his groceries. Ronsel helps. But when Jamie grabs
text: the bourbon his hand shakes so badly he drops it. Thankfully
text: it doesn’t break.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Dammit.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
text: They say it stops eventually.
text: Ronsel holds out his own hand and it shakes like Jamie's.
text: They trade a look and despite being from different worlds,
text: there’s an instant kinship.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You’re Ronsel, Hap’s boy.
dialog: (off Ronsel’s nod)
text: Jamie McAllan. Henry’s brother.
text: Jamie offers a hand shake. Ronsel is surprised by the show
text: of respect, but he obliges.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You walk here?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Yessir.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I‘1l give you a lift.
dialog: (off Ronsel’s reluctance)
dialog: C'mon.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Thank you.
text: Jamie and Ronsel move to the truck where Ronsel hops in the
text: truck bed and Jamie hops in the driver’s side. Both of them
text: are aware of the men still watching from the porch.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S PICK-UP TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY
text: Jamie steals looks at Ronsel through the back window, squirms
text: with guilt. Memories of the B25 echo in his ears. Ronsel
text: oblivious to it, chasing his daydreams flitting across the
text: landscape. Jamie pulls over.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Come on up front.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: I’m doing just fine back here.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Get in soldier! That’s an order!
text: A beat, then the truck rocks as Ronsel hops off and gets in
text: the passenger side.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: How do you know you outranked me?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I was a captain.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: We had Negro captains. I served
text: under plenty.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: You obeyed my order. Bet you were
text: a sergeant.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
text: 761st tank battalion. “Come Out
text: Fighting”! Spearheaded for Patton.
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I flew B-25's.
text: Jamie reaches into the grocery bag between them and takes out
text: the bourbon bottle. He uncorks it then takes a long, much
text: needed swig and drives on.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: So, sergeant, how do you like being
dialog: back here in the Delta?
text: Ronsel doesn’t answer, he just looks away.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, me too.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Heard you and my Pappy had words.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: (stiffening)
dialog: I apologized for that.
text: Then to Ronsel’s surprise, Jamie toasts with the bottle.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: He’s a disagreeable sonovabitch.
dialog: I’m sure he had it coming.
dialog: (offering the bourbon)
dialog: Here’s to you.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You always this stubborn? Or is it
dialog: just around white people trying to
dialog: be nice?
text: Ronsel eyes Jamie, then he grabs the bottle, takes a quick
text: sip and tries to hand it back.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What kind of NCO are you?
text: Then Ronsel takes a big swig. So big it makes him choke and
text: spill a little. Jamie laughs:
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t waste it now. That’s my
dialog: medicine. I need every drop.
text: Ronsel admits a slight grin as he recovers and hands the
text: bottle back. Jamie takes a pull, then:
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, you tanker boys ever piss in
dialog: your helmets?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Plenty of times.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: We had relief tubes up in the
dialog: cockpit but sometimes it was easier
dialog: just to use our flak helmets. And
dialog: at twenty thousand feet? That piss
text: freezes solid in less than minute.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: It’s that cold up there?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I’m talking twenty, thirty below
dialog: zero. And one time we were on this
dialog: long haul and I went in my helmet
dialog: and forgot all about it. Then when
dialog: we got close to the target, I put
dialog: the helmet back on. And we're
dialog: doing our bombing run, dodging
text: enemy flak and suddenly I feel
text: something running down my face.
text: They both laugh as Jamie passes the bottle back to Ronsel.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I smelled like a damn latrine.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: You must’a caught hell back at the
dialog: officer's club.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: My buddies never let me hear the
dialog: end of it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The ones that made it back anyway.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Yeah. Lost some friends myself.
text: They drive on in silence.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY’S PICK-UP TRUCK - LATER
text: Jamie and Ronsel pull up and stop at the Jackson's shack.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Thanks for the ride.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You’re welcome.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: EXT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN —- DAY - SIMULATANEOUS
text: Hap, having heard truck, comes out of the shack. Jamie rolls
text: the window down and smiles drunkenly.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Everything alright Mist Jamie?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Everything's fine. I just gave
dialog: Ronsel here a lift from town.
text: Ronsel rounds the truck, makes his way up the porch stairs.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll be heading into town again
dialog: next Saturday afternoon. I’11 stop
dialog: by, see if you want a ride.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: That'd be fine.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (a nod)
dialog: Hap.
text: Then Jamie pulls out and weaves off down the road. Off Hap,
text: worried, as he looks at Ronsel...
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM OUTHOUSE- DAY
text: Laura sloshes through ankle deep mud, trudges to the leaning
dialog: outhouse.
text: Laura opens the door to the BUZZING of flies. It’s a hot day
text: and the smell in here is oppressive. Breathing though her
text: mouth, she lifts her skirt, squats and pees. She looks down
text: at the mud caked onto her boots and the hem of her dress.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS: LAURA’S TORTUOUS BATHING RITUAL
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Saturday was my favorite day of the
dialog: week.
text: --LAURA pumping water in the yard, she hauls sloshing buckets
dialog: to the stove
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: It was the only day I felt truly
dialog: clean.
text: --LAURA hauling steaming water to a ZINC TUB in the yard, she
text: bathes her muddy DAUGHTERS. The water turns brown.
dialog: 76.
text: --The girls clean-washed and napping on the porch. LAURA
text: lowers herself into their cloudy lukewarm leftovers. Laura
text: cups water over herself, squats in the fleeting privacy of a
text: flapping sheet. PAPPY happens by, averts his eyes a little
text: too slowly.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: The rest of the time, we stank.
text: --Laura dumps the dirty water. Henry pecks her on the cheek
text: as he drags into the yard covered in mud.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Where Laura looks at her expanding belly in a mirror. She
text: turns profile and sighs with a grin. A beat, then Henry
text: enters. Laura looks at him and smiles.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What?
dialog: (off Laura)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I’m pregnant.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh Lord, honey... Oh Lord!
dialog: (hugging and kissing her)
dialog: Woo!
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Shhh, you’1l wake the girls.
text: Henry hugs her again and they are overjoyed.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - MAIN ROOM - DAY
text: Laura, with bleary eyes and a baby bump, shuffles into the
text: room where Florence works in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
text: Near to ten o’clock, Ms. Laura.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Good heavens.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Yes'm, you definitely carrying a
dialog: boy. Ronsel and Marlon both,
dialog: couldn’t wake me for nothing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Something for you on the table.
text: Laura notices a pretty bunch of lavender wrapped up in a
dialog: bouquet.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Where are these from?
text: Then Laura notices a note next to the flowers.
dialog: “Congratulations. Love, Jamie” Laura closes her eyes and
text: draws in the scent of the flowers.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: He remembered I like lavender. How
dialog: sweet.
text: Then suddenly, she has to pee like a pregnant lady.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Ooh, excuse me. Nature calls.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. THE MCALLAN FARM OUTHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: As Laura hustles to the privy. Then she enters to find
text: bouquets of lavender everywhere - in cans on the floor, in
text: bunches nailed to the wall and hanging from the ceiling.
text: Laura chuckles and smiles wide then takes a whiff. Not bad,
text: it’s working. Then she lifts her skirt, squats and pees.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. SAW MILL - DAY
text: Jamie and Ronsel stumble from the truck to the dilapidated
text: saw mill. Ronsel hesitates.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: C'mon, now, we’re clear of town,
dialog: nobody’s out here.
dialog: (with a bourbon bottle)
dialog: Don’t make me drink alone. I will
dialog: if I have to.
text: Ronsel prys at a loose board.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Hope this damn thing don’t fall
dialog: down on us.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: INT. SAW MILL - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jamie and Ronsel shimmy in through a ragged gap. It’s old,
text: decrepit and laden with cobwebs. Shafts of sunlight jut in
text: through the wooden slats.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Used to come here when I was a boy.
dialog: Whenever I needed to be alone and
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Well I love what you’ve done with
dialog: the place.
text: Jamie offers Ronsel a smoke. Ronsel accepts and Jamie lights
text: his own then tosses Ronsel the lighter. Ronsel lights up and
text: tosses the lighter back.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Why you treating me so nice?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Because you look like you could use
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Bullshit.
text: Jamie drags on his smoke and measures Ronsel with a drunken
dialog: eye. Then:
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: We were somewhere over Austria and
text: we made contact with a swarm of
dialog: Messerschmitts. They were
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. B-25 BOMBER COCKPIT (MOVING) - DAY
text: It’s bumpy as Jamie holds the plane on course. Suddenly
text: bullets rip through the cockpit and the co-pilot gets
text: shredded. Blood splatters on Jamie and on the “LADY LUCK”
text: pin-up girl. Jamie is horrified and we hear his VOICE OVER:
speaker_heading: JAMIE (V.O.)
dialog: Took out my tail gunner, side
dialog: gunner...my co-pilot. Made a deal
dialog: with God right there.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Swore if he saved me I was gonna do
dialog: something right. I didn’t know
dialog: what, but I promised anyway.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. SAW MILL - DAY
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Next thing you know, whole bunch of
text: P-38's show up. Just like the
dialog: goddamn cavalry. They knocked
dialog: those Germans right outta the sky.
dialog: I swear they were angels sent by
dialog: the Lord himself.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. B-25 BOMBER COCKPIT (MOVING) - DAY
text: Jamie holds the plane on it’s shaky course. Then he looks
text: out to his left and sees a U.S. fighter plane come close.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (V.O.)
dialog: Those P-38’s, their tails were
dialog: painted red. And one of ‘em, he
dialog: buzzed me after the fight. When I
dialog: looked over I thought I was seeing
dialog: things. But that fighter pilot?
dialog: He was colored.
text: The fighter pilot looks at Jamie and salutes. Jamie returns
text: the favor. Then the fighter plane rolls and peels off.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. SAW MILL - DAY
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Then he saluted me. And I saluted
dialog: back.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Men who died that day... They were
dialog: fathers. Husbands. Good men. Lot
dialog: better than me.
text: Jamie steeps in his survivor guilt. Ronsel hands him the
text: bottle and he drinks. They trade a look, a bond forming.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - DAY
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: As usual, when anything bad
dialog: happened, Henry was away.He And
dialog: Pappy had gone to see about some
dialog: hogs, so I was alone with the
dialog: girls.
text: Amanda Leigh and Isabelle making mudpies by the water pump.
text: Laura , PREGNANT, mending one of Henry’s shirts. Vera Atwood,
text: barefoot with a FILLETING KNIFE, unlatches the fence,
text: saunters into the yard. Her sweaty dress clinging to her, her
text: smile incongruous.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: You need to take me to town. I’m
text: gon’ kill Carl.
text: Laura clocks Vera’s knife. Checks the girls who are playing
text: on, oblivious. Laura keep panic out of her voice.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Come here Vera, come sit down and
dialog: tell me what’s--
speaker_heading: VERA
text: I don’t have time to sit down. He’s
text: with her now. He’s started in on
text: Alma, just like he did with Renie.
text: Amanda Leigh looking scared, she takes her sister’s hand.
text: Laura keeps panic out of her voice.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Amanda Leigh take your sister into
dialog: the house.
text: Vera directs her wild gaze on them, her knife winks in the
text: light.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Go on around through the back. Go.
text: Vera rocking back and forth on the heels of her feet now. The
text: knife swinging at her side.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Vera-—
text: Vera levels the point of the knife at Laura’s neck.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: You got to take me to town now.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Vera honestly, I--I don’t have the
dialog: keys.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: I seen you driving before.
text: Laura grasps at a lie.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: And I got in trouble for it.
text: Vera blinking, coming back to herself.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: My husband took the keys away.
text: Vera buries her face in her hands, lets out a feral howl.
text: Laura hesitates, reaches for her. Vera steps backward out of
text: her grasp. Wanders out of the yard and back down the street
text: like a ghost.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
text: They found Carl’s body lying in the
text: road halfway to town.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - MORNING
text: Carl Atwood’s twisted body, dirt blowing across his face.
dialog: Just another dead thing.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Vera had stabbed him seventeen
dialog: times then gone on to Marietta and
dialog: turned herself in to Sheriff
dialog: Thacker.
text: MEN heft the Carl’s corpse into a truckbed.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: Florence said she’d seen her
text: walking down Main Street, covered
dialog: in blood. She said it looked like
text: she'd bathed in it.
scene_heading: INT. MCALLAN FARM HOUSE BEDROOM- DAY
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I didn’t find those details
dialog: until later. I was too lost in my
dialog: own misery.
dialog: 82.
text: Laura stooped, rushing through her house. She draws her
text: bloodied hand from between her legs. Doubles over on the bed.
speaker_heading: AMANDA LEIGH
dialog: What’s wrong, momma?
text: She grunts and writhes, her hands pressed to her belly.
speaker_heading: AMANDA LEIGH (CONT’D)
dialog: Momma?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I need you to be a big girl and go
dialog: fetch Florence from her house. Do
dialog: you remember how to get there?
text: Amanda Leigh nods tightly. Another cramp hits and it hurts.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Go. Run as fast as you can.
text: Amanda Leigh takes off and Laura goes to the ground. A
text: growing blood stain forms around her crotch.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Laura lays in the bed alone staring at the ceiling. Her
text: expression is stoic and empty. She does not react when
text: Florence enters with food and drink.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: How you feeling, Ms. McAllan?
dialog: (off Laura’s silence)
dialog: Brought some tea to help with the
text: cramps.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Thank you, Florence. For
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: You know, I understand how you
text: feeling right now, Ms. McAllan.
dialog: Lost one of my babies once too.
dialog: Samuel.
text: They trade a look, two women bound by the same tragedy.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Might make you feel better to get
dialog: out of this room.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Maybe tomorrow.
dialog: 83.
text: Florence lingers sits next to her. Then, after several
text: beats, Laura’s face twists in sorrow and she weeps. Florence
text: holds her, lets the sobs ring out.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Laura sits at the edge of the bed staring at the wall. Then
text: Henry enters. He approaches and puts a hand on her shoulder.
text: Laura lets it rest there for a beat, then she gently shrugs
text: it off. Henry is concerned.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY
text: Laura lays in bed, curled up and depressed. She reacts when
text: Amanda Leigh and Isabelle enter with wildflowers.
speaker_heading: AMANDA LEIGH
dialog: We brought you flowers, momma.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Thank you, sweetheart.
text: Then Isabelle holds up a molted rattlesnake skin.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: This is for you, momma. We found
text: it in the yard.
text: Laura is repulsed but she feigns delight.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh my, that’s wonderful darling.
dialog: I'll treasure it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Go on back outside now and play.
text: The girls scamper out and, with two fingers, Laura puts the
text: snake skin far away.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY
text: Laura lays there, catatonic. We hold on her stillness for a
text: beat. Then the silence is broken by HAMMERING. Laura tries
text: to ignore it, but it’s loud and incessant.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jamie hoists Amanda Leigh high over a new wooden stall.
text: There’s a rope attached to a bucket and pulley contraption
text: mounted up top.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Easy now.
dialog: 84.
text: Amanda Leigh drops lavender bunches into the bucket of water.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: Momma look! Uncle Jamie’s building
dialog: a shower!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (to the girls re: Laura)
dialog: I thought y’all were supposed to
dialog: keep a look out and tell me if she
dialog: was coming.
dialog: (then to Laura)
dialog: Surprise! Thought you might like a
dialog: little privacy every now and then.
dialog: Well, what do you think?
text: Laura stares at it, truly touched by the gesture.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I think it’s marvelous. Thank you.
text: Laura hugs Jamie. It feels good and she sinks into him. And
text: there’s a pin prick of light in the dark tunnel of her
dialog: depression.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What’s this?
text: Jamie and Laura quickly break the hug when Henry walks up.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Your brother built us a shower.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You don’t say.
text: Henry checks out the handy work and Laura and Jamie trade a
text: quick glance.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM —- SHOWER - SUNSET
text: Laura enters with a towel. The deep thrum of insects and
text: frogs mingles with the distant sound of Amanda Leigh
text: practicing scales on the piano in the house.
text: As Laura gets undressed she looks up and notices large clouds
text: stained with hues of pink and gold from the setting sun.
text: She pulls the rope and the bucket tilts and pours water into
text: another bucket punctured with holes which creates a shower
text: effect. Then she releases the rope and stops the water flow.
text: Jamie was thoughtful enough to put in a soap dish. In it is
text: a purple bar of soap. Laura puts the soap to her nose and
text: draws in the scent. Lavender. She smiles and lathers up.
dialog: 85.
text: Then she pulls the rope all the way and the entire bucket
text: starts pouring. The water is warm and it feels wonderful.
text: It’s been so long since she had a shower. She rinses and it
text: feels so good it’s almost sensual.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM — DAY
text: Henry drives his tractor through thick mud. The crops have
text: grown-in but the field is flooded and in bad shape. Then the
text: tractor lurches and gets stuck. Henry puts it in reverse and
text: the tires just spin and dig deeper. Henry puts it in drive
text: and tries the other direction. To no avail.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Dammit.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTON FIELD - DAY
text: Still on one crutch, Hap works the wet, overgrown field. The
text: mud makes the hard work even harder. He loses his footing
text: and falls. He gets up, more covered in mud than he was
dialog: before.
scene_heading: EXT. JACKSON CABIN - DAY
text: Lilly May and Marlon perched on barbed wire fence posts
text: gunning down imaginary enemies. Lilly May wears Ronsel’s
text: helmet, Marlon wears Ronsel’s boots.
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY
dialog: BANG BANG! You dead Nazi cracka,
dialog: you dead!
text: Marlon oversteers his “tank”.
speaker_heading: MARLON
dialog: GRRRRRR! Domp, domp domp domp. We
dialog: runnin’ ‘em over! Watch your right
dialog: gunner!
text: Lilly May swivels her imaginary gun over to the right. Just
text: then a truck full of WHITE SHARECROPPERS rolls by. Lilly May
text: lowers her “gun”. A man tosses a soda bottle in their yard.
text: The truck rattles past.
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: Bang. You dead.
scene_heading: INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - DAY
text: Florence mends socks as she looks through a window watching
text: Ronsel sit against a tree smoking a cigarette. He’s got a
text: thousand yard stare as he mindlessly drags and exhales.
dialog: 86.
text: Henry’s truck pulls up, Jamie behind the wheel. Ronsel hops
text: into the passenger side. Florence doesn’t like what she
text: sees. Then the truck pulls out and Florence watches it go.
scene_heading: EXT. JACKSON CABIN - DUSK
text: Florence leaning against the porch post, gazing into the
text: distance. Hap hobbles out on his still-splinted leg. He leans
text: his crutches against the house, puts his arms around her,
text: inhales her neck. Florence cradles his head.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: You ain't tired?
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: We gotta let him go.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: We're not holding him.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: We are. He’s staying for us.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Maybe he wants to stay. It’s not
dialog: always gonna be like this. Soon as
dialog: I’m healed we’ll move outta here.
dialog: We'll be okay. He’1ll be okay once
dialog: he has his own place--
text: Florence drops her head. Hap spins her around to him, pulls
text: her into a clumsy one-legged two step. Hap hums some broken
text: tune. Florence melts onto him.
speaker_heading: HAP (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember that?
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: You not supposed to be up on this
dialog: broke leg, Hawthorne Jackson. You
dialog: never let it heal, you never gon’
dialog: walk.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Why walk if I can’t dance?
text: Hap and Florence swaying, hanging in each other’s eyes,
text: grasping for exhausted joy.
scene_heading: INT. SAW MILL - DAY
text: Jamie lights a cigarette and Ronsel sips from the bottle.
text: They're both drunk. It’s hot in here and the sunlit smoke
text: hangs on the humid air.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: The silver star? Damn.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Don’t be impressed. I got it for
dialog: being stupid.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I almost drowned in a flood when I
dialog: was a kid. Since then, baths,
dialog: swimming pools, any kind of water I
dialog: hate it. And this one mission I
dialog: changed course so we wouldn’t be
text: over the water so long. And, as
dialog: luck would have it, we ran smack
dialog: dab into some enemy flak. A lot of
dialog: it. But I managed to hit the
dialog: target and bring us all back.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: You so scared of water you’d rather
dialog: get shot at than fly over it?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Damnedest thing, ain’t it?
text: They share a laugh and a drink, then:
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You ever miss it sometimes? Being
dialog: over there? I don’t mean getting
dialog: shot at, but... I actually miss it.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Me too. Over there I was a
dialog: Liberator. Had folks lined up on
text: the street cheering and throwing
dialog: flowers. Back here, I’m just
text: another nigger pushing a plow.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Miss some of the guys too.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Think about ‘em every day.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Seeing different parts of the
dialog: world.
dialog: (smiling)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Italian girls. English girls.
text: Ronsel leaks a smile.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: It was different over there.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You ever been with a white girl?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: A few.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Well I’11 be damned.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Army gave us separate barracks,
dialog: separate blood supply, separate
dialog: latrines. But them European girls
dialog: didn’t mind us a bit.
dialog: (then)
dialog: When we were in Wimbourne, English
dialog: gal I never laid eyes on patted me
dialog: right on the butt. Told me she was
dialog: checking for a tail because the
dialog: white GI's was saying we were more
dialog: monkey than human. So we made sure
dialog: to show ‘em just how human we were
dialog: every opportunity we got.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: German girls too, huh?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Yeah. Well...one in particular.
text: Ronsel drifts with the memory of Resl, wistful.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Uh oh, I’ve seen that look before.
dialog: She must’a been something special.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Yeah. She was. But that was then.
dialog: And this is now. I’m back home.
dialog: Right where I belong.
text: Said with a cut of drunken sarcasm.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Crickets outside as Ronsel lays in bed by candlelight, wide
text: awake. He’s gazing at Resl’s gold necklace and crucifix.
text: Then, with resolve, he stuffs it into a small tin box next to
text: his bed and closes the lid shut. Then he blows out the
text: candle, still wide awake as he tries to forget her.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM —- HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Henry snores loudly. So loudly Laura is awake. She shakes
text: him and he stops. Then Laura settles in and tries to get
text: comfortable. But after a few moments, Henry starts snoring
text: again. Finally, Laura succumbs to the futility and gets up.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Laura exits the house into the moonlight. She is startled
text: when she nearly trips over Jamie, who is passed out with an
text: empty bottle of bourbon. Fully clothed and breathing heavily
text: from drink, he is peaceful and pitiful all at once.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Nonono, I can’t swim! I can’t swim!
text: Laura turns and sees Jamie writhing in his sleep:
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D) LAURA
text: NO! AHHHH! AHHHHH!!!! Jamie! Jamie wake up!
text: Laura shakes him hard. Jamie shoots to upright, eyes
text: darting. Then he looks to Laura as the sense creeps back
text: into him. A beat, then he starts crying. She pulls him to
text: her and he sinks into her arms.
text: After a few moments, Henry appears in the doorway. Neither
text: Laura nor Jamie notice him. Henry says nothing. He just
text: stands there watching their embrace, jealousy in his eyes.
text: Eventually, Henry moves back into the house.
text: Then Jamie rips himself away from Laura’s embrace:
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I gotta get outta here.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Jamie...
text: Jamie stumbles toward Henry’s car, gets in and pulls away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT
text: As Henry's car goes blazing by, swerving.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY’S CAR (MOVING) - LATER
text: Jamie dozing at the wheel. He awakes and jerks the truck
text: toward the side of the road. Overshoots, and slips into a
text: ditch. Jamie squinting, flailing, cursing as he strips the
text: gears trying to free the truck.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: DAMN! !
text: Jamie shuts off the engine, slumps across the wheel crying,
text: blubbering, incoherent. He falls asleep across the wheel.
text: Headlights still on.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - MORNING
text: Sheriff Thacker knocking on the truck window. Jamie, red-
text: eyed, stubbled, haggard shoulders a line of drool away. He
text: wakes slowly, drags his sodden gaze to the window. Henry
text: frowns over the Sheriff’s shoulder. Jamie shudders, struggles
text: with the car door. Sheriff helps rip it open. Jamie stumbles
text: into the light.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER
dialog: We'll get it hauled out in the
dialog: morning, Henry.
text: Jamie and Henry clamber out of the ditch in silence. Jamie
text: is hungover and haggard.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Henry shakes his head in disgust.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM - BARN - DAY
text: Henry hammers repairs while Jamie finishes milking the cow.
text: When Jamie stands he trips, falls and spills milk everywhere.
text: Jamie laughs.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You think it’s funny spilling good
dialog: milk?
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (slurring)
dialog: Well you know what they say, no use
text: crying over it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No, especially when it’s somebody
dialog: else's.
text: Jamie stops grinning and turns sarcastic as he reaches into
text: his pocket and produces some coins and crumpled bills.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I see. What do I owe you, Henry?
dialog: About a dollar and a half? Let’s
dialog: just say two to be safe.
text: Jamie pushes the money at him. Henry slaps his hand away and
text: the money goes flying. A clumsy, half-hearted fist-fight.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: For Christ’s sake, this ain’t about
dialog: the money.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Then what do you want from me?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: For you to be a man!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: One pail of spilled milk and I’m
dialog: not a man?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You're sure not acting like one.
text: Disappear for days at a time doing
dialog: whatever you damn well please. And
dialog: when you are here, you’re drunk.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I don’t answer to you.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You do when you live in my house
dialog: and work on my farm.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Oh, well I’m real sorry about that
dialog: Mr. Boss man. But don’t take it
dialog: out on me because your little
dialog: farmer dream ain’t working. Ain’t
dialog: my fault your crops are getting
text: flooded out.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well you sure as hell ain’t helping
dialog: matters. It’s like having another
dialog: goddamn child to look after.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You need to open your eyes, big
dialog: brother. You’re so busy walking
dialog: around here like God almighty, so
dialog: wrapped up in yourself and your
dialog: damn farm you can’t even see your
text: own wife is miserable.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Watch your mouth.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Or what?
text: Henry clenches his fists and squares up. Jamie stands his
text: ground. But Henry restrains himself.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Know what? You be whatever kind of
dialog: man you want. Just go do it
text: someplace else.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Fine, I’1l go to town.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t mean just for the night. In
dialog: the morning I’m going to Greenville
dialog: for a few days to see about some
dialog: livestock. I’11 expect you gone
dialog: when I get back.
text: They hold a look, neither man seeing clearly through the fog
text: of anger and pride. Then Henry leaves Jamie in his wake.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - BARN - LATER
text: As Jamie packs his things, frustrated, angry. He reacts when
text: Laura knocks at his open doorway.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Hi there, will you be here for
dialog: supper tonight?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Uh...no.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (re: the packed bags)
dialog: Are you going someplace?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Out west probably. Gotta buddy
dialog: from the war who lives in Los
dialog: Angeles.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Los Angeles? Jamie, what are you
dialog: talking about?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: He didn’t tell you?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Who didn’t tell me what?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Henry. He kicked me out.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: He asked me to leave. I probably
dialog: had it coming.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: That can’t be. He’s just sore
dialog: about the wreck. Let me talk to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No, Laura. He’s more than just
dialog: sore. And it’s probably for the
dialog: best.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: So just like that? You up and
dialog: leave? Were you even planning on
dialog: saying good-bye?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Of course. First bus out doesn’t
dialog: leave ‘til two.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What about the girls? This will
dialog: break their little hearts.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I‘1l talk to them.
dialog: 94,
text: Jamie keeps packing. The suddenness of this new reality is a
text: bitter prospect for Laura.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Does your father know?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I'll go down to the river and find
dialog: the girls. And Pappy... I’1l just
dialog: leave him a note.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You don’t need to go, Jamie. When
dialog: Henry cools off he’1l listen to me.
text: Jamie stops packing for a moment and stares at the floor.
text: Then he looks at her, so much hurt in his eyes.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Laura, I can’t stay here. I feel
dialog: like I’m suffocating. I can’t
dialog: explain it...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You don’t need to.
text: Laura runs her hand along his suitcase and wishes she could
text: run away with him. Jamie tamps his pain, tired of being
text: pathetic. Laura moves to him, close. They gaze at each
text: other for a very long beat, neither wanting to say goodbye.
text: Then with alarming swiftness, Laura grabs Jamie and kisses
text: him. Deeply. Hungrily. Then suddenly he pushes her away.
text: Both of them breathe heavily, their hearts racing. Then
text: Jamie pulls her close and they kiss again. Clothes get torn
text: off as they tumble onto the bed. Jamie and Laura devour each
dialog: other.
scene_heading: INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - DAY
text: Florence, Hap, Marlon and Lilly May clean up after breakfast.
text: Ronsel enters, haggard and sleepless.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: It’s half past nine. You just now
dialog: getting up?
text: Ronsel shrugs and nods.
speaker_heading: HAP (CONT'D)
dialog: You just gon’ lay around all day?
dialog: While your brothers and sisters
dialog: work? What’s wrong with you--
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: LILLY MAY
dialog: You got a letter. Says it’s all
dialog: the way from Germany.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: What?
text: Hap hands over a worn envelope that’s traveled a long way.
text: Ronsel snatches it.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Who’s Resl Braun?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Someone I knew.
text: And Ronsel heads out the front door.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Where you going now? Ronsel!
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: I’1l be back.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI ROAD - DAY
text: The grey horizon hints at a coming storm. Ronsel walks
text: along, a swirl of emotion, shaking his head in disbelief as
text: he reads the letter.
text: Then he reacts to the rising sound of an APPROACHING TRUCK.
text: He quickly shoves the letter into his pockets. The truck is
text: moving fast. The glint from the windshield prevents us from
text: seeing the driver. But we hear the engine rev higher as he
text: steps on the gas.
text: Ronsel moves to the shoulder of the road. But the truck
text: swerves in his direction and bears down on him. Ronsel runs
text: and dives into a ditch just as the truck rumbles up and skids
text: to a fast stop. Then, surprisingly, Jamie tumbles out,
text: laughing and drunk. He’s got a bottle of whiskey and he
text: looks like absolute hell.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You should’a seen the look on your
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: It ain’t funny.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Actually, my friend, it was indeed.
dialog: 96.
text: Ronsel gets up and brushes himself off. Jamie is still
text: smiling. Then soon, Ronsel can’t help but smile too.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: You're crazy you know that, right?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Can’t argue with that. No, sir.
text: Jamie takes a pull from the bottle and plops to the ground, a
text: mess. Ronsel sees the state he’s in.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Hey. Is something the matter?
text: Jamie gets quiet and picks at the label on the bottle.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What’s the worst thing you ever
dialog: did?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: That lady I told you about. The
text: one at the prison camp.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No, I mean something that hurt
dialog: somebody real bad. And you knew it
dialog: was gonna hurt ‘em, but you did it
dialog: anyway.
text: This time Ronsel gets quiet for a long beat. Then he pulls
text: out the letter and a photo and hands it to Jamie.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
text: Leaving her.
text: Jamie looks at the picture then reads the letter. Then he
text: reacts and smiles:
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Well, I’ll be. Congratulations.
dialog: You're a father.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: His name’s Franz.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Franz. That’s a good name.
dialog: (then)
dialog: So that’s the German girl.
dialog: 97.
text: Ronsel nods and we finally see the photo. It is of Resl
text: holding a swaddled baby. Jamie hands the photo back to
text: Ronsel and holds up the bottle:
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well this calls for a celebration.
dialog: Here’s to Franz.
text: Jamie takes a swig and hands Ronsel the bottle.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: To Franz.
text: Then Ronsel takes a drink and gives the bottle back to Jamie.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: So what the hell are you gonna do?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: I have no idea. She wants me to go
dialog: to Germany.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Long way off.
text: Ronsel nods, he knows. Jamie stares into the distance as
text: Ronsel stares at Franz. Then:
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: What about you? What’s the worst
dialog: thing you ever done?
text: Jamie looks at him, his mind on Laura and their tryst. But
text: Jamie smiles and covers:
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Who me? I’m a saint.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Oh yeah, I bet.
text: Then there’s a distant THUNDER RUMBLE. The clouds on the
text: horizon are getting darker. Jamie kills the whiskey bottle
text: and tosses it into the ditch.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY’S PICK-UP TRUCK - DAY
text: Jamie and Ronsel pass a new bottle and sing in unison:
speaker_heading: JAMIE/RONSEL
dialog: It don't mean a thing if it ain't
dialog: got that swing.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: JAMIE/RONSEL (CONT'D)
text: Doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-
dialog: ah, doo-ah, doo-ah. It don't mean
dialog: a thing all you got --
text: They both react to an approaching car and stop singing.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Oh shit, put your head down.
text: Ronsel ducks. The dust makes it hard to see but the road is
text: narrow and soon they pass the oncoming car. Orris drives and
text: Pappy rides shotgun. Jamie looks forward and Ronsel keeps
text: his head low. Pappy and Orris crane their necks as the
text: vehicles cross.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: You think they saw us?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Don’t know.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY’S PICK-UP TRUCK - DAY
text: Jamie and Ronsel pull up to the Jackson’s shack, both drunk.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Here we are.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll be leaving town soon and...
dialog: Well, good luck to you. You’ve been
dialog: a friend. I want you to know that.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Yeah? Well I want you to know it
dialog: too. You’re one of the good ones.
text: Jamie hesitates to accept this truth. Ronsel extends a hand.
text: Jamie graps it, they shake hard.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Hope you find a way to your...to
dialog: your boy...to your... family.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Take care of yourself.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You too.
text: They hold a look, friends. Jamie extends a hand. They shake.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - DAY
text: The RUMBLE OF DISTANT THUNDER. Florence flinches when Ronsel
text: enters, wobbly and high.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Hi, Momma.
text: She watches him, wants to hug him ask him where he’s been.
dialog: But what comes out is:
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: You hungry?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: No. Where is everybody?
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
text: Went up to church. Late service.
text: Ronsel plops onto his cot. Florence wants to talk to him,
text: help him, but he seems so unreachable.
text: Ronsel reaches into his pocket and pulls out the envelope
text: from Resl. He reaches inside and finds nothing. Where’s the
text: letter and the photo? Brow furrowed, he stands and rifles
text: through his other pockets. Not there. Oh shit. Rising
text: panic. He lost it.
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Goddammit... No, no, no.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: What is it son?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: You seen a letter?
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: The letter from Germany?
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Oh God. Let’s just wait. Don’t
dialog: fret. Wait till your father--
text: Ronsel busts out of the shack and back into the night.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ronsel? Ronsel!
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI ROAD - DAY
text: The threat of thunder has turned into reality of pounding
text: rain. Ronsel runs to the spot where he told Jamie about the
text: letter. He looks around desperately. He finds the empty
text: whiskey bottle with the label Jamie picked off.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - DAY
text: Laura is in the kitchen. Amanda Leigh and Isabelle are on
text: the floor playing with building blocks. Pappy lingers by the
text: window, anxiously waiting.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Goddammit, where is he?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (re: the girls)
dialog: Mind your language, please.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
text: Just like him. Thinking only of
dialog: himself.
dialog: (then)
text: There he is.
text: Outside the truck pulls up, weaving badly. Jamie gets out
text: and stumbles to the house.
speaker_heading: PAPPY (CONT'D)
text: Drunk again.
text: Jamie enters, rumpled, wet and smiling.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Well, hello, dear family.
scene_heading: AMANDA LEIGH/ISABELLE
dialog: Uncle Jamie!
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Let him dry off first.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Who in the hell was that with you
dialog: in the truck?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Hello, son. I’m glad to see you.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: On the road. When I saw you
dialog: driving. Who was that?
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Ronsel Jackson. What's it to you?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: You care to tell me why that nigger
dialog: was sitting right next to you like
dialog: you was two peas in a pod?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Because I was giving him a ride.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
text: He can ride in the back.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: He can ride wherever I say.
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Gimmie a cigarette. I’m out.
text: Jamie stares at him for a beat then pulls out an old pack of
text: Lucky Strikes. Pappy snatches them. It’s empty.
speaker_heading: PAPPY (CONT'D)
dialog: You ain’t worth a damn, you know
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yeah. I do.
text: Jamie wobbles.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Look at mister big war hero.
text: Nothing but a drunk.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Just go.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Want him all to yourself huh, gal?
dialog: Too bad he’s too liquored up to be
dialog: any good to you.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I beg your pardon.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: I’ve seen the way you sniff after
dialog: him --
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Pappy.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Henry may be too thick to notice,
dialog: but I ain’t.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI ROAD - NIGHT
text: Rain as Ronsel trudges up the road. Then he reacts to the
text: crescendo of approaching cars. He turns and sees two sets of
text: headlights approaching fast.
text: Ronsel jumps down into the ditch. But instead of passing,
text: the cars pull up and stop. Ronsel is a bit blinded by the
text: headlights and the rain. But soon several figures in white
text: sheets and hoods pile out of the cars and rush at him.
text: Ronsel runs but they are on him like a pack of dogs. He
text: fights and struggles, landing several hard punches. But he’s
dialog: outnumbered.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - LEAN TO - NIGHT
text: Rain beats on the roof as Jamie sleeps on his cot. A beat
text: then he is poked awake by Pappy’s cane. Jamie bolts up,
text: startled to see Pappy. Orris Stokes and the Sheriff are
text: behind him in white robes.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What the hell’s going on?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Put your boots on and come with us.
scene_heading: EXT. SAW MILL - NIGHT
text: Hard rain. Orris Stokes’ car pulls up and stops among some
text: other parked cars. Jamie, Pappy, and Orris Stokes get out
text: and move towards the saw mill. We can see torch lights
text: coming from inside the mill. As they go, the Sheriff and
text: Stokes don their white hoods. This gives Jamie pause and he
text: stops. But Stokes shoves him along.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Go on.
text: They open the door to the saw mill and enter.
scene_heading: INT. SAW MILL - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Inside are a group of men in KKK garb. In the middle of the
text: mill is Ronsel. He has a burlap sack over his head, a noose
text: around his neck and his hands tied behind him. He’s strung
text: up from a rafter, his tip-toes barely touching the ground.
text: One of the white hoods holds the other end of the rope.
text: Another man (DEX) stands nearby with a shotgun.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What’s going on here, Pappy?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER
dialog: (re: Ronsel)
dialog: Take it off.
text: Dex moves to Ronsel and yanks the sack off his head. As his
text: eyes adjust to the light we see that Ronsel has been beat up.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Good Lord. Turn him loose.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: I said shut up.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Like hell I will. Turn him loose,
dialog: dammit.
text: Stokes pulls his pistol and levels it at Jamie:
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: You best listen, son.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I ain’t your son. And I suggest
dialog: you either use that thing or point
dialog: it elsewhere.
text: Jamie readies lunge at Stokes.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Jamie!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER
dialog: Bring forth the evidence.
text: One of the white hoods moves forward and brings out the
text: letter and the photograph from Resl. Both Jamie and Ronsel
text: see it and sink. The white hood hands it to Pappy.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER (CONT’D)
dialog: You know why you’re here, nigger?
dialog: (off Ronsel’s silence)
dialog: I asked you a question.
text: Ronsel stays silent. Sheriff throws a nod to Orris who walks
text: over to Ronsel and slugs him with a left and then a right to
text: the ribs. The thuds from the blows force grunts from Ronsel.
dialog: 104.
text: Jamie winces. But Ronsel stays as cool. He will not show
dialog: them his fear.
text: Pappy walks up to Ronsel and shows him the letter and the
text: picture of Resl and Franz. Ronsel eyes the photo.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER (CONT’D)
dialog: Did you rut with this woman?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: We know you did it, nigger. We
dialog: just want to hear you say it.
text: The white hood holding the rope jerks it.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Go on! Say it!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: What the hell do you fellows care
dialog: about some Kraut whore?
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Shut your mouth, nigger lover.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: You knew about it. Found the
dialog: letter in the truck after you gave
dialog: him a ride.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Those Fraulein cunts got a lot of
dialog: our boys killed. If Ronsel here
dialog: left her with a little half-breed
dialog: bundle of joy to remind her of it,
dialog: I call it justice.
text: Jamie’s logic lands for a moment and there’s hope.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER
dialog: Oh you’re good, pretty boy. Too
dialog: bad you’re full of shit.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: How do you even know that Ronsel
dialog: here, is the father?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Says so right there in the letter.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: That doesn’t mean a damn thing.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Well, let’s ask him, why don’t we?
dialog: (to Ronsel re: the photo)
dialog: Are you the father of this, I won’t
dialog: call it a child, this...
dialog: abomination?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER
dialog: Answer him!
text: The noose tightens. Ronsel won’t deny his own son and he
dialog: Manages to choke out the word:
speaker_heading: RONSEL
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER
dialog: Leviticus 19:19. “Ye shall keep my
dialog: statutes. Thou shalt not let thy
text: cattle gender with a diverse kind.
dialog: Thou shalt not sow thy field with
dialog: mingled seed." The penalty for
dialog: abomination is death.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Have you all lost your damn minds?!
text: Killing a decorated soldier over an
dialog: enemy whore?! The man fought for
dialog: Patton for Godsakes --
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: That’s enough --
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You turn him loose now and maybe I
dialog: won't go to the law. Otherwise, I
dialog: swear, you better kill us both.
text: Stokes can’t believe the nerve of Jamie and he moves towards
text: him with the gun.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: You gonna betray your own blood
dialog: over a nigger?!
text: Pappy tries to stand between Stokes and Jamie, but Jamie
text: shoves him out of the way. Stokes points the gun at Jamie.
text: Jamie steps up and puts the gun barrel to his own forehead.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Do it. Go on.
dialog: 105A.
text: The entire room hangs on the tension for a long beat. Then,
text: quick as a cat, Jamie swipes the gun with one hand and
text: PUNCHES Stokes in the mouth with the other. Stokes’s head
text: snaps back and he stumbles backwards and falls. Jamie
text: quickly turns to Dex who has the shotgun.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Drop it, Dex!
text: Dex hesitates and Jamie cocks the hammer.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: DROP IT!
speaker_heading: PAPPY
text: He’s bluffing. And half drunk
dialog: besides.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Shut up, old man.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
text: Point the gun at the nigger.
text: Pappy moves right into Jamie’s eye line, blocking his shot.
speaker_heading: PAPPY (CONT'D)
dialog: He won’t shoot. He don’t have the
dialog: balls to kill a man up close. Do
dialog: you, son?
text: Dex points the shotgun at Ronsel. Pappy steps closer to
dialog: Jamie.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Stop right there. I’m warning you.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: You not gon’ kill your Pappy.
text: Then one of the white hoods charges at Jamie. Jamie turns
text: and shoots him in the leg. But that was enough to give the
text: others a chance to rush in.
text: Jamie squeezes off another shot that misses before he gets
text: tackled. In the subsequent melee, they somehow manage to
text: wrest the gun from Jamie’s hands.
text: But Jamie punches, kicks and gives everything he’s got,
text: fighting like a cornered animal. But soon, they overwhelm
text: him. And they proceed to beat the shit out of him.
text: Jamie and Ronsel lock eyes for a moment during the beating.
text: Then a kick to the head from Stokes.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: PAPPY’S VOICE FADES IN, echo-y and distant.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: PAPPY (V.O.)
dialog: Wake up! Jamie! Wake up dammit!
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE SAW MILL - NIGHT
text: Jamie is awakened by a bucket of cold rain water. He is
text: bruised, blurry and dazed. But as focus restores he sees a
text: mass of white hoods staring down at him.
text: Among the hoods is Pappy’s face. Jamie recoils and tries to
text: push him away but his hands are tied behind his back. Pappy
text: yanks him upright and props him against the wall. Jamie sees
text: that Ronsel now hangs from a cross-beam, naked and bloodied.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: You make one more wrong move these
dialog: boys are liable to kill you.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: (re: Jamie)
dialog: What do we do with him?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: I told you already. He won’t talk.
dialog: Ain’t that right, son?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (re: Ronsel)
dialog: Just let him go.
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: You ain’t exactly in a position to
dialog: make demands.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: He won't go to the law. Not if we
dialog: make him a part of it.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: Nigger still needs to be punished.
dialog: You let my son, there, decide how.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Alright then. What’ll it be?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I won't do it.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: You don’t want him killed? Then
dialog: decide his punishment.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No.
text: Stokes unsheathes a HUNTING KNIFE:
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: You will. Or I will.
text: Dex moves to Ronsel and puts the shotgun to Ronsel’s head.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER
dialog: I'll give you a choice. His eyes.
dialog: His tongue. Or his balls. Choose.
dialog: (off Jamie’s silence)
dialog: Choose godammit!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: STOKES
dialog: Dex --
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Alright! Alright...
text: Jamie locks eyes with Ronsel. This is an impossible choice.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF THACKER
dialog: Which is it, boy?
text: Jamie's head drops and he mumbles something.
speaker_heading: DOC TURPIN
dialog: Speak up.
text: As Turpin leans in the RISING MUSIC and the SOUNDS OF THE
text: STORM OUTSIDE TAKE OVER.
text: Then in a SERIES OF FLASHES:
text: --Jamie says something to the Sheriff that we cannot hear.
text: --Stokes turns towards Ronsel with the knife.
text: --White hoods hold a struggling Ronsel.
text: --Stokes grabs Ronsel by the face and forces his mouth open.
text: --Jamie can’t look and he averts his eyes.
dialog: 109.
text: --Ronsel’s strange muffled screams
text: --Stokes slices and BLOOD spurts from Ronsel’s mouth and
text: stains some of the white robes around him.
text: SMASH TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - BARN - NIGHT
text: Jamie is thrown onto his bed, wet, beaten and unconscious.
text: Pappy and Orris Stokes glower above him. Stokes drifts out.
text: Pappy frozen, staring at Jamie. He removes his son’s boots.
text: Throws a horse blanket over him. Jamie sputters in his sleep.
text: A confusion of feelings mottle Pappy’s face.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SAW MILL - SAME TIME INTERCUT
text: Hap, Marlon, Florence, and OTHER BLACK DEACONS push the door
text: open and enter the scene of the crucifixion. Ronsel hangs
text: bleeding from the crossbeam, the Black Messiah. Hap and
text: Marlon immediately set to levering him down. Florence’s hand
text: goes to her mouth.
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - LEAN TO - NIGHT - LATER
text: Driving rain and howling wind outside. Pappy sleeps
text: peacefully, his breathing deep and steady. A LIGHTNING FLASH
text: accompanied by THUNDER briefly ILLUMINATES the room.
text: Several beats, then more THUNDER and LIGHTNING and we see
text: Jamie standing by Pappy’s bedside. He stares at Pappy as he
text: clinches the pillow in his hands. Then finally he shakes
dialog: Pappy violently:
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Wake up.
text: Pappy jerks awake and squints up at Jamie:
speaker_heading: PAPPY
dialog: The hell are you doing, boy?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I wanted to make sure I looked you
text: in the eye.
text: With that Jamie shoves the pillow onto Pappy’s face. Pappy
text: thrashes and claws. Jamie presses harder. Then soon the
text: thrashing weakens. Pappy’s leg kicks become twitches and his
text: hands loose from Jamie's. And then Pappy is still. Jamie
text: holds the pillow there for several more beats. Then, slowly
text: he pulls it from Pappy’s face. Pappy’s eyes are wide and his
text: mouth agape.
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: INT. SAW MILL - SAME TIME INTERCUT
speaker_heading: FLORENCE
dialog: Oh Lord, no...
text: A river of blood pools from Ronsel’s mouth as Hap lowers him
text: to the floor. Florence wraps his nude body in her headscarf.
text: Mary Magdalene. Marlon scoops up his brother's legs.
text: Florence touches his chest, howls in sorrow. She cups her
text: hand over his chest. Bomp Bomp Bomp.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
text: I held his heartbeat in my hand. I
dialog: remember every beat. He was warm
dialog: and alive...
text: Ronsel stirs and coughs.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - LEAN TO - DAY
text: Where Laura KNOCKS on the door.
text: No answer. Perplexed, she pushes the door open and enters.
text: She reacts when she sees Pappy eyes wide open, lifeless and
text: frozen in shock. Then she reaches out, touches his skin and
text: quickly recoils from the cold.
text: She scans Jamie’s empty bed. Something on the floor catches
text: her eye. She reaches down and picks it up. It’s Pappy’s
text: white hood. Laura holds it up and sees the eye holes and
dialog: realizes.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (0.S.)
dialog: It’s exactly what you think it is.
text: Laura sees Jamie sitting in the corner clutching the pillow
text: he smothered Pappy with. She reacts to his beat up face:
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What happened to you?
dialog: (off his desolate look)
dialog: What happened, Jamie? Jamie.
text: Jamie reaches into a pocket and fishes out the crumpled photo
text: of Resl and Ronsel’s son. Laura looks at it, confused.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Thy got Ronsel. I tried to stop
dialog: it... there were too many of
dialog: them...
dialog: lll.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What happened Jamie? What did they
dialog: do to him?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: They made me choose.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Choose what?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I had to.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: He’s alive?
text: Jamie shakes his head, twists the pillow in his fists. Laura
text: looks to Pappy, Jamie finally meets her gaze. Laura gently
text: pries the pillow from Jamie’s hands.
scene_heading: INT. JACKSON CABIN — DAWN
text: The hush of daybreak. Ronsel laid out on the kitchen table.
text: Florence wipes dried blood from his swollen, bruised body.
text: She dabs at the stillness of his face.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: SCENE MOVED AND RE-NUMBERED TO SCENE 162
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM —- LATER
text: A truck drives up the road and stops. Henry gets out with a
text: bag. He waves and nods to the driver. Laura and Jamie move
text: out towards Henry.
text: Jamie has cleaned up and changed his clothes, but he’s still
text: beat up. Jamie and Laura approach Henry as he kneels at his
text: crops. He flicks a glance at them, more concerned with the
dialog: cotton.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Got back as soon as I could. If
dialog: this keeps up we’ll have to
dialog: replant. Almanac predicted--
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Henry.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (re: Jamie’s bruises)
dialog: What in the hell happened to you?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What?
text: Laura looks to Jamie. But Jamie just shakes his head and
text: stares at his shoes.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: It’s your father. He died last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What? How?
speaker_heading: LAURA
text: In his sleep. Peacefully.
text: Henry drops his head as the news washes over him. Then Henry
text: looks at Jamie and regrets their last exchange.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You alright?
dialog: (off Jamie’s nod)
dialog: I’m glad you're still here.
text: Jamie nods then Henry hugs him. Jamie, racked with guilt and
text: pain, hugs back. PRELAP the RUMBLE of THUNDER and...
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM - DAY
text: A LIGHTNING FLASH and we return to the beginning.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hap. Can you help us out here? We
dialog: need to get this coffin in.
text: Hap pulls his arm away and steps down. Florence spits over
text: the side of the wagon and glares at the McAllans.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you for stopping.
text: Hap takes an end of the rope, Henry eyes Marlon.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe he can help too?
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: My son is not getting down outta
dialog: that wagon.
text: Henry swallows this.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Okay.
text: Henry takes two end of the rope, Hap and Jamie each take one
text: and they maneuver the coffin down into the hole. The coffin
text: touches bottom and they pull the ropes back up. Henry stares
text: down at the coffin for a beat then:
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: We forgot to bring a bible.
text: Hap looks to the sky and cocks his head like he’s listening
text: to something. Then he bows it and pulls a small, tattered
text: bible from inside his jacket.
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Done this plenty of times.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Thank you, Hap. But no.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: If he’s willing to we should allow
dialog: it. He is a man of God.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I say we let him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (after a begrudging beat)
dialog: Go on then.
text: Hap flips to a certain page as they all bow their heads. A
text: beat, then Hap closes the Bible and quotes from memory. His
text: voice is strong and ringing. He’s not trying to comfort the
dialog: bereaved. He’s sending Pappy to Hell:
speaker_heading: HAP
dialog: Man who is born of a woman is of
text: few days and full of trouble. He
text: cometh forth like a flower, and is
text: cut down: he fleeth as a shadow,
dialog: and continueth not. And dost thou
dialog: open thine eyes upon such a one,
dialog: and bringest me into judgment with
dialog: thee? Who can bring a clean thing
dialog: out of an unclean? Not one.
dialog: 114.
text: Henry frowns, not appreciating the tone or content of the
text: sermon. Laura holds his hand, Jamie looks up:
speaker_heading: HAP (CONT'D)
dialog: For there is hope of a tree, if it
dialog: be cut down, that it will sprout
text: again. Through the scent of water
dialog: it will bud like a plant. But man
text: dieth, and wasteth away. As the
text: waters fail from the sea and drieth
dialog: up, so man lieth down, and riseth
dialog: not. Till the heavens be no more,
dialog: they shall not awake, nor be raised
text: out of their sleep. Amen.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Amen
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Amen.
text: Henry is silent. His head still down, he starts shovelling
text: angry mounds of dirt onto the grave. Hap tips his hat and
text: makes for the wagon.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hap, wait.
text: Jamie moves to where the tarp hangs. He can’t see inside,
dialog: but he knows who’s in there:
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Give this to Ronsel? If you see
dialog: him.
text: Jamie pulls out the photo of Resl and Franz. Florence reaches
text: out and takes the photo. Jamie and Florence hold a long
text: look. Jamie’s eyes well up with guilt. Hap manages a
text: forgiving nod then spurs the mule on. Off Jamie watching
text: them go...he looks back at his brother shovelling dirt. Laura
text: eyes plead with him. Jamie turns away and keeps on walking. A
text: lone man on a muddy road.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. UNION STATION LOS ANGELES - DAY
text: Jamie, small pack slung over his shoulder walks through the
text: grand lobby. He reaches into a pocket, pulls out a flask and
text: takes a couple swigs.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (V.O.)
dialog: Whenever Ronsel enters my mind I
dialog: hope that he is well.
text: We STAY WITH him as he moves outside to... Sunshine. Palm
text: trees. A clear view of the mountains in the distance. Jamie
text: squints. The dry heat feels good on his face. Then as he
dialog: moves off:
speaker_heading: JAMIE (V.O.)
dialog: And I hope that my Pappy’s untimely
dialog: death brought the Jackson family
dialog: some measure of peace. Though I
dialog: must admit, it brings me none.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. L.A. APARTMENT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JAMIE (V.O.)
dialog: I just thank God I still have room
dialog: in my heart for hope of any kind.
text: 1940's LA noir style. As Jamie smokes a cigarette at an open
text: window with a blinking sign out front. A PRETTY WOMAN pours
text: bourbon. It’s a hot night and she crosses naked to the bed
text: with two sweating glasses. Jamie draws on his cigarette then
text: follows her to the bed.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (V.O.)
dialog: But until then I am content to stay
text: perpetually numb. All the while
dialog: hoping that by some miracle my
text: friend, Ronsel, found happiness.
text: Off Jamie drinking...and hoping.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM - DAY
text: As Henry drives his tractor through the field:
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.O.)
dialog: A few days after I lost my father,
dialog: I lost my brother too. The girls
dialog: took it hard. Frankly, so did I.
dialog: But, Laura, she understood.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: She knew Jamie needed to leave this
dialog: place. Just like I knew she needed
dialog: to. My family’s the only real
dialog: thing that matters to me now.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL HOUSE - DAY
text: On a block with other small houses. Amanda Leigh and
text: Isabelle play in the front yard enclosed by a white picket
dialog: fence.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: But I often miss my brother and
dialog: find myself hoping he’1l come home
dialog: someday. I just pray he’s not lost
dialog: forever.
text: Laura waddles out onto the porch and we see that she is VERY
text: PREGNANT. Henry pulls up in his truck and gets out. The
text: girls see Henry and run to him.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I would never tell Henry the truth
dialog: about this child. Jamie’s child.
dialog: That would only serve to clear my
dialog: conscience, not his. It’s a small
dialog: bit of dignity that I can give back
dialog: to him. Though he has no idea I’ve
dialog: taken it.
text: Henry moves up to the porch and gives Laura a hug and warm
text: kiss on the lips. Then he bends and kisses her belly. And
text: for the first time ever, we see Henry truly smile.
speaker_heading: LAURA (V.O.)
dialog: I've learned that’s what it is to
dialog: truly love someone: to give
dialog: whatever you can while taking what
dialog: you must.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. COTTON FIELD - DAY
text: Hap and Marlon hitch a NEW MULE to a NEW PLOW in a beautiful
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.)
dialog: This here is the loins of the land.
text: Beautiful black soil made rich by
text: two great rivers and the hand of
dialog: the Lord himself.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: HAP (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And now, with sweat, toil and the
dialog: grace of God, we got ourselves a
dialog: little piece of it. My children
dialog: got something they can call they
dialog: own. And can’t nothing change that.
dialog: Not ever.
text: Hap can see Florence and Lilly May over by a water pump. He
text: waves. They wave back.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW JACKSON HOME - DAY
text: Florence works the water pump with Lilly May at her side.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
dialog: If you got children, you got dreams
dialog: for ‘em. You want ‘em to live they
dialog: life thinking they can do whatever
dialog: it is they want to.
text: Florence fills the bucket, Lilly May tries to help but
text: Florence shoos Lilly May towards their newer, nicer HOME.
text: Daffodils ring the steps. Florence wipes her sweaty brow and
text: watches as Lilly May perches on the porch, pulls out a
text: notebook, pencils, books : US PERSONNEL OFFICE STENOGRAPHY
text: GRADE AND EVALUATION GUIDE. Lilly May sinks into the pages.
speaker_heading: FLORENCE (V.O.)
dialog: All three of my children a gift
dialog: from God. Just let them keep
dialog: shining, Lord. No matter how hard
dialog: they try to dim that light, let it
text: shine bright as the sun.
scene_heading: EXT. HAP’S WAGON - DAY
text: Ronsel’s face through slotted wood as Hap’s wagon lurches to
text: a start. Household goods bump and rattle above him. Jamie's
text: voice trailing away.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (0.S.)
dialog: .--give this to him...if you see
dialog: him again?
text: Pooled rain drips down from a tarp, through the cracks onto
text: Ronsel’s closed eyes.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.)
dialog: My nightmare is always the same.
dialog: First I’m in a tank wearing a
text: helmet. Then I’m in the back of a
text: car with a burlap sack over my
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m surrounded by enemies and the
text: stench of their hate is choking me.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN STREET - DAY
text: We FLOAT past the war torn Brandenburg Gate. A pair of
text: AMERICAN SOLDIERS amble past.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.)
text: I scream. My lips move and I can
dialog: feel the strain. But nothing is
text: coming out. Nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN STREET - DAY
text: The bombed out spire of the Kaiser Wilhelm Church.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.)
dialog: But should my story end there?
dialog: Silenced and defeated? Oppression,
dialog: fear, deformity. It would take an
dialog: extraordinary man to beat all that.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN STREET - DAY
text: We float down a clean residential street.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.)
dialog: I would have had to wean myself off
dialog: laudanum and self-pity. Then I
dialog: would have had to work the fields
dialog: with my father while I gathered my
dialog: courage and saved my money. And
dialog: then I would have had to swallow my
dialog: pride and accept help from Army
dialog: buddies who had learned of my
dialog: plight. I would have had to take
dialog: the scholarship to Morehouse
dialog: College they arranged for me and
dialog: travel the four hundred miles to
text: Atlanta alone with a little card in
text: my shirt pocket that said ‘mute’.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING STAIRWELL - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: A CRISP, SUITED MAN climbs the stairs, checks the addresses.
text: We can’t see his face. Eventually he reaches a door and
text: stares at it for a long time.
speaker_heading: RONSEL (V.O.)
dialog: And then finally, I would have had
dialog: cross the Atlantic yet again. This
dialog: time not for war. But for love.
dialog: 
