scene_heading: EXT. CAB ON MARINE DRIVE - EVENING (D.V.FOOTAGE)
text: A digital camera is on in a cab which is stuck in
text: traffic, inching its way along Marine Drive in the rain.
text: Music plays on the cabbie’s radio, and there is angry
text: honking from impatient drivers.
text: The cabbie looks at the person who is filming in the back
text: seat through the rear view mirror. He is a portly man
text: with greying hair, and kind lines around his eyes.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: Nayi aayi hain mumbai mein?
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: Ji paanch mahine ho gaye. Phir bhi sab
dialog: naya hi lagta hai!
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: Kahan ki hain aap?
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: Malihabad, U.P.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: Accha? Main bhi U.P. ka hoon. Jaunpur.
dialog: Jaunpur jaanti hain aap?
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: Haan. Ja chuke hain vahan.
text: Cabbie nods, looking pleased. The camera pans to the
text: window, and the girl opens it, letting a spray of water
text: onto the lens. She shoots the street, pedestrians with
text: umbrellas trying to cross the road between cars, the
text: churning grey sea. The camera work is amateur. We catch a
text: glimpse of the girl in the rear view, not enough to see
text: her clearly.
text: They pass Girgaum Chowpatty.
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.) (CONT’D)
dialog: (into camera mike in a
dialog: whispered voice)
dialog: Dekho Imran, yehi voh mashoor Chowpatty
dialog: hai Marine Drive par. Har din yahan bohot
dialog: log aate hain - bhel puri khane, pav
dialog: bhaji khane. Mere khayal mein zyadatar
dialog: log yahan ki khuli hawa khane aate hain,
dialog: jiski badi kami mehsoos hoti hai! (pause)
dialog: Samundar ki hawa kitni alag hai. Lagta
dialog: hai isme logon ke armaanon ki mehek mili
dialog: hui hai..
text: Some street kid comes up to her at the street light.
speaker_heading: STREET KID
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Didi do rupya do na, roti khayega..
text: He notices the camera.
speaker_heading: STREET KID (CONT’D)
dialog: Arre tum shooting kar rah hai?
dialog: (shouts to the others)
dialog: Eh Raju!
dialog: (to her)
dialog: Mera bhi photo lo na didi. “Pardesi,
dialog: pardesi, jaana nahin, mujhe chhod ke..”
text: The cabs pulls away, as the kid continues to dance in the
text: rain while the other kids join him.
text: TITLES OVER THE FOLLOWING SCENE:
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION - EVENING
text: A bunch of construction workers work on the fourteenth or
text: fifteenth floor of what is on its way to becoming a
text: mammoth building. They look thin, poorly clad, and poorly
dialog: equipped - few helmets, no harnesses, just one or two
text: with scruffy caps at jaunty angles.
text: Crows and kites fly and perch, as down below traffic
text: snarls its way slowly around Bombay’s congested roads at
text: home-going rush hour.
text: One of the workers, Selva, squats near an edge to light a
text: bidi. He finds he doesn’t have a light and asks a co-
text: worker in Telugu for matches. He is tossed a light, as
text: the guys all share a joke. He lights his bidi, and looks
text: out over Bombay. The highrises all around, the sea in the
text: distance, the small, pathetic clusters of the
text: construction workers children as they play in the rubble.
text: The sun is setting.
scene_heading: INT. A FLAT - SUNSET
text: Arun and his broker Rakesh open the door of a disused
text: apartment. Arun is around 35, a thoughtful looking man,
text: attractive in a bookish, serious sort of way. Rakesh
text: tries a couple of light switches but nothing comes on.
text: There’s a little light from the fading sun.
text: Rakesh, a weasly 23 year old umbilically attached to his
text: cell phone, tries to push open a window which is firmly
text: stuck, while talking into his phone cradled between his
text: ear and shoulder.
speaker_heading: RAKESH
dialog: Nahin nahin madam, bohot accha hai,
dialog: exactly aapke layak... haan hai, gas
dialog: connection hai, day-night security hai...
dialog: ab aaj ke zamane mein phone kisko
dialog: chahiye... haan pani hai mostly, subah ko
dialog: to zaroor hai... aap dekh to lijiye
dialog: madam! Bohot accha hai... ok, chhe baje..
dialog: Ok madam.
text: He has the window open and he turns around expectantly.
speaker_heading: RAKESH (CONT’D)
dialog: To kaisi lagi, Arun ji?
text: Arun looks around him and wanders round the room.
speaker_heading: RAKESH (CONT’D)
dialog: Arre perfect hai. Thodi si painting aur
dialog: ye bilkul nayi lagegi. Aap to painter
dialog: hai, aapko idea hogi, hain?!
text: Arun gives him a look to say stop bullshitting me.
speaker_heading: RAKESH (CONT’D)
dialog: Nahin, soch lijiye, yahan vo gyarah
dialog: mahine ka chakkar nahin rahega, unlimited
dialog: lease, aur yeh hai vo “bombay view” jo
dialog: aapko chahiye tha. Vo dekhiye, vo hai Aga
dialog: Khan ka tower. Station nazdeek hai, aur
dialog: toilet attached hai, jo is type ke
dialog: building mein normally nahin rehta hai.
dialog: Haan kitchen small hai, par aap kahan
dialog: khana banate hain!
text: Rakesh’s phone rings and he answers it while Arun looks
text: out at the view. There are old buildings all round in
text: stages of disrepair. The street below is busy and there
text: is a neon hoarding on the terrace of the opposite
dialog: building.
text: As they leave Arun sees a lady sitting outside her flat
text: on a chair, with an unseeing expression on her face.
scene_heading: INT. SALIM’S SLUM ROOM - NIGHT
text: Salim (22) and Munna (20) are watching a David Dhawan
text: comedy on tv, smoking cigarettes and drinking rum.
text: While Salim is an overweight affable sort, Munna is a
text: good looking, smart boy, with a twinkle in his eye anda
text: sense of style. Salim’s mother (50) also watches in
text: between sealing little packets of fancy rubber bands.
text: Salim’s younger brother Karim (16) is studying from a
text: text book. Much laughter. We can hear trains in the
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Behnchod, yeh hasa hasa ke maar dalega,
dialog: saala! Dekh, dekh!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Yaar, kya actor hai, yaar! Main usse
dialog: milna chahta hoon..
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Johnny Lever se? Chal main milvata hoon
dialog: na!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Chal! Chootiya...
speaker_heading: KARIM
dialog: Amma, jab main exam mein fail ho gaya na,
dialog: aap Salim aur Munna ki class lena, mera
dialog: nahin!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: (mock serious)
dialog: Theek kaha. Salim chup kar na yaar.
dialog: Paanchvi fail! Tu dekh, saale, apna Karim
dialog: padh likh kar ekdum top class gentleman
dialog: banega, maloom kya? Hai na Karim? Eh
dialog: Karim, bol na! Correct na?
text: Karim gives him a glare. Munna gets up to go with a grin
dialog: and wink.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Kidhar ko nikla? Kaam pe? Tera yeh kaam
dialog: itna ghatiya hai na, kayko karta hai
dialog: Munna? Main bola na main setting kar ke
dialog: deta hun tujhe!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Tere jaisa kaam nahi karna hai! Chor
dialog: saala! Mera hi kaam accha hai, kyun
dialog: khala?
text: He brandishes a heavy stick, with a metal tip at the end,
text: grinning. Khala doesn’t react, she’s used to this kind of
text: banter. Munna playfully pokes his stick in Salim’s ribs,
text: and Salim throws it off.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Chhi! Hut saale!
text: Munna leaves grinning.
scene_heading: EXT. SLUM ON THE RAILWAY TRACKS - NIGHT
text: Munna crosses the rail tracks.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN ROAD - NIGHT
text: Munna darts across the road and a car swerves to avoid
text: him causing a little confusion. Munna continues to walk,
text: and the driver swears under his breath. We cut inside the
text: car to Shai, 29, very attractive and stylish, and Pesi
text: (32). The windows are up and Shirley Bassey is on the
dialog: stereo.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Shit! What did he think he was doing?
dialog: Crazy!
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Shai, don’t act the NRI now, huh! You've
dialog: forgotten traffic here or what?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: And we are so late, Pesi! My mum left for
dialog: the show an hour ago.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Babe, nothing remotely interesting in
dialog: Bombay starts before ten, darling. Now I
dialog: really need to educate you in Bombay
dialog: etiquette!
text: Shai rolls her eyes in a good humoured way.
scene_heading: INT. ART GALLERY - NIGHT
text: Its a modest sized, interesting gallery, opening the new
text: works of T. Arun; paintings, etchings and some small
text: installations. Well heeled so-called art lovers mingle,
text: as wine, champagne and hors d’oeuvres do the rounds.
text: Press photographers take pictures. Shai is being
text: introduced to some people by her mother Pravin, while
text: Pesi talks to a serious looking man. Later Shai looks at
dialog: the works.
text: The installations, which have an Escher-esque
text: construction about them, are made from what seems like
text: scrap and waste materials. Shai looks around, a bit
text: fidgety, observing all the different kinds of people
text: there. Arun walks in. She sees him and keeps looking at
text: him, finding him attractive.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Oh there’s Arun! Finally! He can’t even
dialog: make it in time for his own show!
dialog: Actually I like this new work, what do
dialog: you think Jatin?
text: Jatin, carefully weighing his words.
speaker_heading: JATIN
dialog: Well, its hard to be apolitical when
dialog: you're referencing the working classes,
dialog: because the discourse goes into areas of
dialog: ethics. I think this has a specificity
dialog: which belies its larger context, really.
text: Pesi nods, thinking hard what he should say.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Which one is Arun.
text: Pesi points him out. She looks at him and widens her eyes
text: meaningfully. Pesi returns the look, first quizzical then
text: catching on.
text: Vatsala calls everyone to attention.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, the artist has
dialog: decided to make an appearance!
dialog: (claps all round, some
dialog: comments and laughter)
dialog: I take great pleasure in presenting
dialog: “building”, Arun’s new work. I don’t
dialog: really need to formally introduce Arun,
dialog: do I?
dialog: (more comments and laughs
dialog: Well the ignorant can read my expensive
dialog: brochure! Now is the moment Arun hates
dialog: the most! Arun come and say a few words!
dialog: Everyone, T. Arun. Arun, be nice!
dialog: (much clapping)
text: Arun steps up and looks at the crowd.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Well, there’s not much to say, I think.
dialog: This is my most transparent work. Its my
dialog: tribute to the people from Rajasthan,
dialog: Tamil Nadu, Bihar, U.P. and elsewhere who
dialog: build this city in the hope that someday
dialog: they will find a rightful place in it.
dialog: So, to Bombay, my muse, my whore, my
dialog: beloved...
text: He raises his glass as a toast, the crowd raises their
text: glasses in a ‘salut’, and Arun knocks back his drink and
text: hurries into the crowd. Then there’s clapping and
dialog: bravo’s.
text: Shai and Pesi also clap and the party is resumed. Pesi
text: looks about him animatedly, as if for a victim.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: There’s Feroz. Bastard owes me five
dialog: lakhs!
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Babe, he’s beautiful.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Who Feroz?! He’s not in the.. Oh, him.
dialog: (following her gaze to Arun)
dialog: He’s strange. Too deep and dark for me,
dialog: baba!
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Thank god for that! At least one boy in
dialog: Bombay is available then!
text: Elsewhere Arun has been cornered by a lady in big
dialog: diamonds.
speaker_heading: LADY DIAMONDS
dialog: Ha, ha! You know? But tell me, do you
dialog: think you’1ll ever do commissioned work?
dialog: Like I need something for my house in
dialog: Alibaug, something quite big, in that old
dialog: style you used to have, you know? Very
text: abstract with lots of writing and things.
text: Arun is looking tortured. A bespectacled corporate-
text: looking man comes up to them.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hello, sorry to interrupt, hi Mona!
dialog: (airkisses Lady Diamonds)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Arun, I am Miraj Husain from the Indian
dialog: Council for Art. I’ve been talking to
dialog: Vatsala about taking some works of yours
dialog: for a group show to Munich, Brussels,
dialog: London and Madrid.
text: Arun nods, a little high and wanting to escape. Mona
text: drifts away, bored.
speaker_heading: MIRAJ
dialog: Well, I’m not sure if Vats discussed it
dialog: with you?
text: Arun nods a negative, vaguely looking around.
speaker_heading: MIRAJ (CONT’D)
dialog: Anyway, its in September, and she says
dialog: your next solo is much later, so it
dialog: should work out. Its a great showcase for
dialog: contemporary Indian art, and is sure to
dialog: create a real buzz in the art market.
dialog: Huge publicity, probably a high profile
dialog: auction at the end. You know? Very big
dialog: names involved.
text: Arun reaches for yet another drink, and finishes it
text: rapidly. Behind Miraj he can see someone writing a phone
text: no on his brochure, resting it on one of his pieces. Just
text: then Pesi comes up to them with Shai.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Hi all! Miraj, you fraud, you were
dialog: supposed to call me years ago!
text: Miraj makes some sheepish excuses.
speaker_heading: PESI (CONT’D)
dialog: Anyway, Arun this is Shai.
dialog: (winking at her)
dialog: Enjoy, love!
text: Pesi engages Miraj in conversation, freeing Arun. Arun
text: lets out a huge sigh, smiles at Shai and looks relaxed
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: That bad?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: You have no idea! Bless Pesi. Arun.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hi, I’m Shai. Yes I thought you looked a
dialog: bit stricken..
text: Both laugh. He knocks back his drink, she’s vastly
text: amused, and he looks at her with warmth. They share some
dialog: sort of secret now.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: So are you an artist too?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: No, no, I’m an investment banking
dialog: consultant.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Means what? Something to do with money
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Yes, broadly speaking! Essentially I
dialog: study investment trends in south Asian
dialog: economies.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Here in Bombay?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: No, in New York. I’ve moved back here for
dialog: a bit though.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Oh. Why?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Well, I just needed a break from
dialog: things... A new perspective, some fresh
text: air in my head.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: And you’re planning on getting that in
dialog: Bombay!
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Maybe just a change of scene then. Some
dialog: new faces, no New York winter, and no
dialog: talking about figures and projections...
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Cool. I could do with a holiday too.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Actually, its not a holiday, I’m on a
dialog: sabbatical!
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Accha... means what?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Means I’ve got a research grant to submit
dialog: a project about small and marginal
dialog: business and shifts in traditional
dialog: occupations. Basically I have to write
dialog: some papers, and do what I love doing
dialog: best - taking photographs.
text: Arun raises his eyebrows as he keeps swigging his rum and
text: coke. There’s a squawk from someone, then a shriek and a
text: ripple of panic runs through the room as a rat scurries
text: to find safe refuge. Shai is knocked against in the melee
text: and she gets red wine all over her shirt. Arun starts
text: laughing and Shai, though irritated can’t help laughing
text: as well, wiping her shirt with a proffered napkin.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Now my show is truly open! Cheers!
text: They toast and drink together.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILWAY TRACKS - NIGHT
text: Munna walks along the tracks with a bucket of water in
text: his hand. He has a towel and a soap in the other. His
text: clothes have patches of brown dried blood on them, and he
text: looks sleepy but not exhausted. Its probably 4 a.m. There
text: are lights on in some of the rooms of the slum, as people
dialog: rise early for their jobs.
text: He gets to an area beyond the slum, and we see some
text: huddled shapes in the semi darkness doing their morning
text: jobs. A drunk is lying with his head on the tracks. Munna
text: puts his bucket down, drags the drunk to a safer spot ten
text: feet away, who mutters irritably, and then carries on.
text: He puts his bucket down at a point, takes off his dirty
text: clothes and begins to splash the cold water on himself,
text: his teeth chattering, muttering some song words to
text: himself. Soaping himself all over, he washes his hair,
text: then later sits in his towel with a lota to do his
dialog: morning job.
text: As he heads back, clean and sated, the grey dawn breaks
text: and smoke curls out of the shanties.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - MORNING 9
text: The trains begin their rumble past Munna as he lies down
text: on his sheet inside his slum room (where another young
text: boy is sleeping), and falls asleep.
scene_heading: INT. A FLAT - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 10
text: The digital camera is shooting the world waking up
text: outside an apartment window. A big gulmohar tree covers
text: half the window and there is activity on the street below
text: - the milk vans, people on their way to work.
text: The camera zooms in to a window in the building opposite,
text: where a woman in her nightie hurries to get breakfast and
text: tiffins ready in a kitchen. The pressure cooker whistle
text: goes off in a cloud of steam, and she stirs something in
text: a pan as she pours out tea into cups. Her husband, in a
text: dhoti with the morning paper, comes in and gets his tea,
text: and they exchange some inaudible words. Over these images
text: we hear the same Girl’s voice, whispered.
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: Subah subah itni jaldi rehti hai sabko..
dialog: jaise din sirf chaar chand ghante ki ho!
dialog: Dekho kitni jaldi salan banati hai yeh.
dialog: Lagta hai ki speed ke marks milte hain
dialog: yahan! Phir zayke ka kya? Kaun jane..
dialog: Humare yahan bhi ek ‘Bai’ aati hai -
dialog: yahan kaam kaaj wali ko Bai bulate hain.
dialog: Haay, kya speed hai uske! Jhat se bartan,
dialog: kapde, saphai, sab khatam! Do minute
dialog: zyada nahin thehregi! Humari Zubeda khala
dialog: se itni alag, voh to peeche pad jaati thi
dialog: ki aao baalon mein tel daal doon, zara sa
dialog: maalish kar doon! Bechari. Kaisi hai voh?
dialog: Use mera salaam kehna.
scene_heading: INT. ARUN’S APARTMENT - DAY 11
text: Its late morning. Shai opens her eyes looking up at an
text: unfamiliar fan, naked under a sheet. She hears sounds
text: from the kitchen. She shuts her eyes and smiles,
text: snuggling back into the pillow.
scene_heading: INT. ARUN’S APARTMENT - LATER 12
text: Arun is standing at his window drinking tea, fully bathed
text: and dressed, looking out onto a noisy Bombay day.
dialog: 12.
text: His apartment is small, and in a mess. Cartons lie
text: around, and things look makeshift. There is an empty
text: whisky bottle on the floor, and two glasses. Arun looks
dialog: worried.
text: He turns around when he hears a click of a camera. Shai
text: is in the room in an oversize man’s shirt over the
text: pants/skirt she had been wearing to the art opening. She
text: has her camera in her hand.
speaker_heading: ARUN
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hi.
text: Shai walks into the room and looks around, realizing
dialog: there isn’t really any place to sit.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: You been up long?
speaker_heading: ARUN
text: An hour or two.
dialog: (an awkward pause)
dialog: Tea?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: I’d love some. Listen I just helped
dialog: myself to a shirt that was lying on your
dialog: chair, because mine was trashed with that
dialog: wine stain..
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Its fine.
text: Arun goes to the kitchen and she follows. He puts on the
text: electric kettle and rummages in the cupboard for a cup.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: I haven’t stayed up so long talking in
dialog: years! And I don’t think I’ve ever danced
dialog: to... what was it? “Sexy Sadie”!
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You, my friend, are quite the dancer!
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Milk and sugar?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Yes please.
dialog: (she watches him)
dialog: I had a lovely time last night.
dialog: 13.
text: She looks at him fondly, but his smile is embarrassed and
text: he avoids looking at her. He washes the cup and hunts
text: around for the sugar. He pulls out a sachet from a bag of
text: sachets, and goes to the fridge and pulls out a carton of
text: milk. Shai wanders out into the living room and looks
text: around. She sees a little sketch/personal item of Arun’s
text: that she quickly puts in her pocket, checking to see if
text: he saw. She sees a painting on the bookshelf of a black
text: and white photograph of a couple. The man is in army
text: uniform and the lady is a south Indian beauty in wedding
text: finery. The photograph has been painted on, with scraps
text: and bits stuck on - a button, a safety pin, a badge.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: (calling out to him)
dialog: Are these your parents?
text: Arun hands her a mug of tea, and settles against the
text: window again, standing awkwardly while Shai settles into
text: a chair.
text: Arun looks at the painting, and nods, with a half smile.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: So your father was in the army, was he?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Do they live with you?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: No, in Wellington. Its in Tamil Nadu.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Tell me do you usually live like this,
dialog: out of boxes?!
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: No, I’m moving house.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Really? Why?
speaker_heading: ARUN
text: Lease has run out.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Oh... so you’ve found another place have
dialog: you?
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: You know I found your opening last night
dialog: quite an experience. Are they all like
dialog: that, these art events?
text: Arun shrugs.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: My mom loves these arty dos! She’s quite
dialog: a collector. We have a lot of art at
dialog: home. In fact we’re running short of
dialog: walls!
dialog: (no reply forthcoming)
dialog: Have you always lived in Bombay?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: No. Been here eight years now.
text: They sit in silence for a while.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Are you hung over?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: You’re so quiet today...
text: Arun looks distinctly on edge.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey, is something wrong?
text: Arun looks away.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Well, actually... Shai, I’m sorry about
dialog: last night. I was so drunk, and...
text: Shai is taken aback.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hey... What’re you sorry about? Don’t be
dialog: sorry, I had a great time!
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: No, actually I’m a quite a loner, I keep
dialog: to myself and I don’t normally...
dialog: 13
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hey, it’s cool. I’m glad you don’t
dialog: normally do this! I mean, hey! I don’t
dialog: either! I guess we shared something with
dialog: each other which was... I don’t know..
dialog: special.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: No what I mean is, I’m not the
dialog: “relationship” type at all, so I’m sorry
dialog: if I somehow led you to believe it was
dialog: something more long...
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: More serious than a shag?
text: She gets up and starts putting her things into her bag,
text: ready to leave.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Look, Shai I’m sorry..
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Will you stop fucking apologizing? Jeez!!
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: No, Shai I...
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hey, I have no idea what’s going on in
dialog: your head, okay, and I’m not sure I want
dialog: to know.
text: She turns and opens the door.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Shai!
text: She stops and turns around. They look at each other. Arun
text: looks distraught. She relents.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Arun, you know what, it’s cool. Take
dialog: care. See you around.
text: She gives him a false smile and shuts the door behind
text: her. He’s left staring at the closed door.
scene_heading: INT. LANDING OUTSIDE ARUN’S APARTMENT - DAY 13
text: Shai is waiting at the elevator, angry tears welling up
text: in her eyes.
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16.
text: She presses the call button, then jabs it several time
text: angrily, then hits it saying “Shit!” and hurries down the
dialog: stairs.
text: As she disappears the lift reaches the landing, and Munna
text: emerges with a bundle of clothes, humming a tune.
scene_heading: INT. LANDING OUTSIDE ARUN’S APARTMENT - DAY (CONT’D) 14
text: Arun opens the door with an expectant expression, which
text: falls when he sees Munna. He scans the landing behind
text: Munna, then turns back disappointed. Munna is smiling,
text: like he’s used to Arun being vague.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Munna. Aao.
text: Munna walks in, opens the bundle and carefully places the
dialog: washed and ironed clothes on the one available clear
dialog: surface.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Saab kapde?.. Saab?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: (distracted, thinking)
dialog: Huh?.. Er haan... Oh nahin, Munna main
dialog: kuch din mein ghar badli kar raha hoon.
dialog: Vahan aayega na?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Haan kyun nahin, saab. Aap address likh
dialog: ke do, main dhoond lega.
text: Arun smiles at him with affection.
scene_heading: EXT. GATEWAY OF INDIA - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 15
text: The digital camera is shooting the gateway, as tourists
text: mill around taking photos. The camera is handheld and
text: there’s a man, around 30, talking on a cell phone wearing
text: dark glasses a little distance away who seems like he is
text: with her.
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Yeh Gateway of India. Sabse mashoor jagah
dialog: hai, bombay mein.
text: The man finishes his call and walks up to her.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Chalein?
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: Chaliye... Ek minute! Ek photo to le lein
dialog: ek saath, Imran bahut khush hoga.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Arre ab kise poochenge? Chhodo.
text: A man has been hovering around them, trying to sell them
dialog: postcards.
speaker_heading: POSTCARD MAN
dialog: Madam postcard? Lovely lovely picture -
dialog: Gateway of India, V.T. Station, Rajabhai
dialog: Tower, High Court, only twenty rupees,
dialog: madam. Good price madam. You like?
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: Bhaiyya humara photo lenge?
speaker_heading: POSTCARD MAN
dialog: Haan dikhao. Kaise lene ka?
text: He takes the camera as its rolling.
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: Bas humare taraf karo. Dikhai dete hain
dialog: hum?
text: We see a pretty young girl, 22, run over to the Man and
text: pose next to him.
speaker_heading: POSTCARD MAN
dialog: Haan. Very nice! Now smiling please!
dialog: Okay.
text: She walks over and takes it back.
speaker_heading: POSTCARD MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Madam, please take postcard. Bohni ho
dialog: jayegi madam, aapki jodi salamat rahe,
dialog: sirf bees rupay mein dus postcard madam,
dialog: best quality ke. Is daam mein aapko kahin
dialog: nahi...
text: The camera is switched off.
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION - DAY 16
text: Selva and the other workers take a break to eat some
text: lunch. They sit in ragged groups, with their children
text: around them, wearing their work clothes and eating with
text: chalky hands.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 17
text: Shai is on the phone in her affluent Worli seaface
text: apartment, lounging in a chair in her balcony overlooking
dialog: the sea.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: No, I guess you’re right, but I don’t
dialog: know, Pesi. I really thought he was
dialog: special, you know, we really got on the
dialog: night before, and had such deep
dialog: discussions..and...
text: The doorbell rings. She ignores it.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: You know, about stuff... art, money,
dialog: Bombay, and...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: OK, yes, great sex! Really good sex...
dialog: Well basically Dale and I left it open
dialog: ended, so that’s not so much that , but
dialog: its just I’m so mixed up in my head right
dialog: now, you know?... No but it wasn’t just
dialog: the sex, you know Pes..
text: It rings again.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
text: (shouting in the direction of
dialog: the door)
dialog: Agnes!
dialog: (back into the mouthpiece)
dialog: Its just that it seemed like there was
dialog: something more there, you know? I mean we
dialog: slow danced , for chrissakes! Who does
dialog: that these days!..
text: The doorbell rings again. She makes a sound of irritation
text: and gets up to open it. She talks as she opens the door.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Like he was really into me the night
dialog: before, he was really intense... hold on
dialog: a sec.
text: The door opens to Munna, carrying a bundle of clothes.
text: Shai looks at him blankly.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Main, dhobi.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Oh. Accha. Andar aao. Agnes! Pesi, babe
dialog: I’m going to have to call you back, this
text: dhobi guy is at the door and Agnes has
dialog: disappeared on me... yeah soon. I
dialog: promise! Okay, bye!
text: They head in. Shai looks a bit lost, but Munna is
text: familiar with the routine. He unties the bundle and
text: places the neat pile on the side board.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Barah kapde the. Gin lijiye.
text: Shai begins to count them (Arun’s shirt is among them)
text: when she sees her white art opening shirt looking a pale
text: blue. She pulls it out.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Oh my god! Yeh.. Yeh to neel ho gaya!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Madam uspe bada daag tha, to thoda bleach
dialog: karna pada..
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Oh shit! Maine Agnes ko bolna chahiye
dialog: tha, ise laundry mein dena tha! Its
dialog: completely fucked, now!
text: Munna’s face falls. He puts his hand out to take it back.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Dijiye, main theek karke deta hoon.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Nahin, nahin, god knows what colour it’11l
dialog: become next!
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Madam. Galti ho gayi, main theek kar ke
dialog: dete hoon.
text: She look at him and realizes that he is feeling hurt, and
text: feels guilty for being so rude. She gives it back to him,
text: and looks at him as if for the first time as he turns to
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hey, aapka naam kya hai?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Mun.. er, Zohaib.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Zohaib, main Shai... I’m
text: But he’s gone.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE)
text: On the video camera its raining. Grey day, and the sound
text: of pouring rain. The camera catches shots of people
text: hugging the shade of the awnings, while some are braving
text: the downpour with umbrellas and raincoats. Men on cycles
text: cause a wave and get some healthy abuse from the victims.
text: Then a car comes and does even more damage.
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Yahan ki baarish bilkul alag hai. Na
dialog: kabhi kum hoti hai, na rukne ka naam leti
dialog: hai, bas girti jaati hai. Sshhhhhh....
dialog: Raat ko iski awaaz jaisi lori ho, jo hume
dialog: gher leti hai apne seene mein. Bagal
dialog: vaalon ki TV bhi nahin sunai deti! Par
dialog: mujhe bura lagta hai Bai ke liye, jiska
dialog: saara ghar paani se bhar jaata hai. Kehti
dialog: hai use ek ek mug paani utha utha kar
dialog: bahar phenkna padta hai...
text: After a moment the camera catches a familiar car pulling
text: up by the curb.
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.) (CONT’D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Ab main chali, lagta hai voh aa gaye.
dialog: Khaana garam karna hai aur roti banani
dialog: hai. Aaj maine chukander gosht banai hai,
dialog: jo ammi ne sikhai thi! Dekhte hain unhein
dialog: pasand aata hai ya nahin.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 20.
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Phir hum thodi TV dekhenge, kyunki yeh
dialog: zyada bolte nahin hain. I hope ki TV par
dialog: koi acchi film aa rahi hai...
text: The camera is switched off.
scene_heading: EXT. DHOBI GHAT - DAY 19
text: There’s busy activity. Salim is sitting next to where
text: Munna is washing clothes. He is talking on his cell
dialog: phone, its some kind of property deal. Munna looks
text: through the clothes. Shai’s white one is right on top. He
text: notices a cool striped shirt in the pile. He looks at the
text: size, it seems right, so he puts it aside. He picks up
text: Shai’s shirt and looks at it with concentration.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - DAY 20
text: Arun has finished unpacking. The apartment has been
text: freshly painted. All the furniture is gone barring a
text: large dining table in the corner, on which Arun has put
dialog: his computer and lots of books. Siddheswari Devi is
text: singing thumri on his computer. In the drawing room there
text: are two hooks for fans, but only one has a fan. There’s a
text: stack of cartons that he carries around looking for a
text: loft. He finds one, pulls a stool and tries to open it.
text: Its stuck fast. He gets a screwdriver and hammer and
text: chips it open. In the light of his torch he finds a
text: couple of broken pieces of furniture and a small cloth
text: potli. These he throws on the ground, and stuffs the
text: cartons in.
text: He sits at the table and opens the cloth potli. In it
text: there’s a photograph of a girl (16) and boy (10) with an
text: old lady, all smiling in a studio against a background of
text: a garden with tulips. There’s also an old surme daani, a
text: ring on a chain and three DV tapes. The tapes have
dialog: written on their spine - Pehli Chitthi, Doosri Chitthi
text: and Teesri Chitthi, along with Yasmin Noor on each.
scene_heading: INT. CIRCUS - DAY 21
text: Shai is taking pictures of the circus artists from the
text: wings. It seems like an impoverished troupe, and the
dialog: clowns are not very funny. Even the children aren’t
text: laughing. The artists are so keen to pose for Shai, one
text: of them (a juggler) forgets his cue. They tell her how
text: the circus has lost its shine without the animals.
text: There’s also a Wonder Dog, an old Pomeranian who stands
text: on his hind legs and balances a ball on his head.
dialog: 22
dialog: 22.
text: She gives one-woof and two-woof answers to questions the
text: comic dog trainer asks her.
speaker_heading: DOG TRAINER
dialog: Toh bolo, Sweety, Uncle ko Aunty se pyaar
dialog: hai ki nahin?
text: The dog answers with one woof, and the crowd titters.
speaker_heading: DOG TRAINER (CONT’D)
dialog: Arre! Kaise ho sakta hai! Phir se socho,
dialog: Sweety! Yeh mamla gambhir ho sakta hai!
dialog: Sach sach bolo nahin to aaj Uncle ki
dialog: jamke pitai hogi!
text: Sweety the Dog is uninterested, and scratches vigorously
text: behind her ear and at some escaping flea on her back.
speaker_heading: DOG TRAINER (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on, Sweety, good girl! Telling the
dialog: truth, OK? No lying. Does the Uncle and
dialog: Aunty have love together?
text: Sweety gives two woofs. The crowd claps. The Dog Trainer
text: bows and gives her a good pat.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Babe, please. I can’t deal.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Pesi, tell me you’re not loving this?!
text: Pesi fixes Shai with a ‘look’. Shai laughs.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, we’ll leave in a minute. A movie on
dialog: me after this, okay?
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - NIGHT 22
text: Arun is on the phone. The flat looks like its in order.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Rakesh, yeh jo koi pehle rehte the na
dialog: yahan, unka kuch saaman reh gaya... kuch
dialog: tapes, ek anguthi... nahin chandi ki...
dialog: kyun, makaan malik ko de do na... accha
dialog: voh log poochenge to?... Theek hai yaar,
dialog: phenk deta hoon. Par baad mein maangna
dialog: mat... chalo.
text: He disconnects, then looks around and walks to the
dialog: window.
dialog: 23
dialog: 23.
text: In the flat across from his the lady is cooking dinner.
text: The TV seems to be on there, and a young boy runs in with
text: another boy, talks to her and runs out. On the other
text: side, he sees a building under construction (which is
text: where Selva works). There is a big light on and workers
dialog: are still working.
text: He looks around at his new space. He picks up his drawing
text: book and sketches a bit of the view from his
text: window/doodles, then gets up, stretches and looks around.
text: He sees the stuff from the potli on the table. He picks
text: up the photo and looks at it. There’s a great warmth in
text: the faces bathed in clear light. He picks up the tape and
text: looks at the cover, turning it around in his hand.
scene_heading: INT. MULTIPLEX - NIGHT 23
text: Munna stands in the foyer of a theatre with two smartly
text: dressed girls. He is wearing the cool striped shirt we
text: saw him hold up earlier, and is toying with his cell
text: phone, trying to look casual. Salim comes up to them
text: balancing two bags of popcorn and a coke.
speaker_heading: SMART GIRL ONE
dialog: Salim, hum itna popcorn nahin kha paenge!
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Kisne kaha tum log ke liye hai?
text: Salim and Munna laugh. Salim hands one of the girls a bag
text: of popcorn and the girls laugh as well.
speaker_heading: SMART GIRL TWO
dialog: (to Munna)
dialog: Toh kaun se college mein padte ho?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Main.. college nahin jata.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Arre college ke liye kiske paas time hai!
dialog: Aur yeh Munna filmon mein kaam karta hai.
text: The girls look very impressed. Munna stares at him, but
text: plays along with aplomb.
speaker_heading: SMART GIRL ONE
dialog: (a bit disbelieving)
dialog: Accha? Kaun kaun si filmein kee hain?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Maine.. er, ek picture aayi thi, Sanjay
dialog: Dutt ke saath, jiska naam...
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 24,
text: Just then he spots Shai coming towards the entrance with
text: Pesi (who goes off towards the counter to buy them some
text: popcorn), and he tries to turn away so she doesn’t see
text: him. But she does and she comes right over.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Zohaib right? Hi!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Er..hi.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Kaun si film dekhne aaye ho?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Yehi, “Partner”..
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hum bhi vahi dekhne ja rahe hain. Mera
dialog: life mein yeh first hindi movie hai!
dialog: Chalo, bye!
text: As she heads in to the theatre, Salim turns to Munna with
text: a raised eyebrow. Munna’s stock value appears to have
dialog: appreciated.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Zohaib?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Er.. Meri friend hai re, Shai.
text: They all begin to head in to the movie hall.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: (knowingly, teasing)
dialog: Achhaa! Meri friend Shai, huh?.. Tu andar
dialog: chal, beta, main leta hoon teri class!
scene_heading: INT. CINEMA THEATRE - MOMENTS LATER 24
text: Munna’s eyes follow Shai as she and Pesi find their
text: seats. Salim notices this and smiles. The lights go down.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 25
text: There’s black on the screen. Then static. Then a very
text: messed up image. The digital camera is looking around a
text: room. Its a bed room. The Man sitting on the bed is the
dialog: same one we’ve seen in the video and photograph.
dialog: 26
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: Yeh on ho gaya hai kya?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Lal batti jal rahi hai? Haan, ab record
dialog: ho raha hai.
text: The man is sitting on a bed, looking at a phone book,
text: while the girl with the camera walks towards him.
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: Arre vah!
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: Kuch kahiye na! Aap ka photoo le rahi
dialog: hoon!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (disinterested)
dialog: Kya kahoon?
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.)
dialog: Bas hasiye!... yeh to bahot accha hai!
dialog: (pans around the room, goes
text: to the dressing table mirror
dialog: and we see her, the same
dialog: Girl as in the photograph)
dialog: Bilkul badhiya hai! Par ek baat bataiye,
dialog: yeh hum Imran ko bhejenge kaise? Hum to
dialog: photo bhejna chah rahe the, hum dono ki.
text: The man is deep in thought, not really listening, leafing
dialog: through his book.
speaker_heading: GIRL (0.C.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Yeh tape dekh sakenge voh, apni TV pe?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hmmm.
text: The man gets up and leaves the room, holding the phone
text: book open at one page. The image cuts.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 26
text: Static and drop outs. Comes on again with the girl
text: walking to the sofa after putting the camera on, and this
text: time she is looking very pretty, all dressed up and very
text: excited.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Salaam aleikum, Imran bhai! Sab
dialog: khairiyat?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: GIRL (CONT'D)
dialog: Humne kaha tha na, hum apni photo
dialog: bhejenge? Par humare paas camera nahin
dialog: hai, to unhone yeh video vali dilai. To
dialog: humne socha hum yehi bhej denge, aap apne
dialog: TV pe dekh lena! Ammi aur Abbajaan ko bhi
dialog: dikhana!.. Main kaisi lag rahi hoon?
dialog: Bilkul vaisi na? Bombay ne ab tak to
dialog: badla nahin mujhe, main vahi Yasmin
dialog: hoon!.. Ab to aapke exams shuru hone wale
dialog: hain do hafton mein. Khoob padhna,
dialog: bhaijaan, phir acche nambar paakar idhar
dialog: aajana. Aap itne saalon se Bombay aana
dialog: chahte the. Ab main hoon yahan, khoob
dialog: mazaa karenge! Bhel puri khayenge, Juhu
dialog: beach jayenge!.. Main soch rahi thi ki
dialog: main isi video se aapko thoda Bombay ki
dialog: sair karati hoon! Kyun, hai na accha
dialog: idea?
dialog: (the doorbell rings)
dialog: Accha abhi ke liye khuda haafiz!
text: She goes over and switches it off. Static.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - MOMENTS LATER 27
text: We see Arun sitting there with the camera connected to
text: the TV, looking amazed. He turns off the TV and looks
text: around him. The same room, the same dining table. He
text: realizes that Yasmin lived in this very house. He is
text: intrigued by that, and starts thinking about it.
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL TRAIN - NIGHT 28
dialog: Its the late night train from Churchgate to .» Munna
text: and Salim are sitting in an almost empty compartment.
text: Salim is clearly high and emotional.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Nahin meri baat sun. Tu mera bhai jaisa
dialog: hai. Main nahin chahta ki tujhe kuch ho
dialog: jaye. Tu apna ye kaam chhod de.. Main
dialog: teri dekh bhaal karoonga!
text: Munna grins and rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: SALIM (CONT’D)
dialog: Tu sochta hai main joking? No I not
dialog: joking! Amma ki kasam. Life mein bas tu
dialog: aur meri amma, only two peoples I am
dialog: liking!
dialog: 29
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Accha? Aur Mallika?
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Kaun?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Mallika re, Sherawat! Teri favorite!
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Haan, also Mallika. Only three peoples I
dialog: am liking.
text: Munna laughs.
speaker_heading: SALIM (CONT’D)
dialog: Huh? Tu hasta hai? I really serious,
dialog: brother! Accha bata, kaun thi voh? Kya,
dialog: Shai, na?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Arre klayen hai re meri.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Klayen matlab?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Uske ghar mein kapda deta hoon.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: (teasingly)
dialog: Accha? Kitni acchi tarah se jaanta hai?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Chhod na yaar! Bakwaas karta hai!
text: Munna gets up and walks to the door of the compartment.
text: The city rushes by, in pools of dark and light and neon.
speaker_heading: SALIM (0.C.)
dialog: Arre kahan jata hai! Isme sharmane ki kya
dialog: baat hai? Matlab ab tak sirf kapde deta
dialog: hai, utarta to nahin hai!
dialog: (begins singing a love song)
text: Munna smiles and looks out.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Shai is in her dark room - a converted bathroom - where
text: she hand processes and prints pictures.
dialog: 27.
dialog: 29
dialog: 29
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 28.
text: She puts down some negatives to process, then pulls off a
text: picture that’s hanging on the line to dry. Its a black
text: and white picture of Arun looking out of a window, big
text: buildings behind him in profile, his eyes focussed on
text: something distant, something unknown.
text: The phone in the house rings and goes onto answering
text: machine. Its her boyfriend Dale from New York.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: (a little crackly
dialog: Hello?.. This is Dale from New York for
dialog: Shai... Shai, I guess you’re not around.
dialog: I tried your cell phone too. Just wanted
dialog: to tell you I’m back from Japan and
dialog: checked on your place. The house is okay,
dialog: the sublet is pretty careful and stuff.
dialog: And Kubla is just fine, Stella’s been
dialog: feeding her and everything, if anything
dialog: she’s fatter! ...and... listen, I wanted
dialog: to say that I’d love to talk to you... I
dialog: don’t know if you’re ready to talk,
dialog: but... I miss you, and I’m sorry that
dialog: things turned out the way they did...I
dialog: think of you a lot and wonder sometimes
dialog: if I made the right decision. Anyway...
dialog: Hope this time out is helping... Talk to
dialog: you soon. Bye..
text: We see her in the well appointed kitchen, looking in the 29 B
dialog: fridge for something to eat. There’s food in different
text: dishes, but she spots a large watermelon on the counter.
text: She chops it with a large knife, getting juice all over
text: her, and begins to cut wedges out.
text: She is sitting on the bar stool in the kitchen eating
text: watermelon. The TV is on (a small one on a high swivel)
text: and she is watching a game show where contestants who are
dialog: eliminated are crying and its all very dramatic/a soap
text: where frantic zoom-ins to women with yard-long sindoor
text: match the dramatic score.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION - NIGHT 30
text: One bright light illuminates the top of the building
text: where work still continues. Our worker is laying bricks
text: and cement (or some work), and one can see the lights of
text: suburban Bombay around them.
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - MORNING 31
text: Arun wakes up with a crick in his neck. He had fallen
text: asleep watching the video, the TV is still on and he has
text: the remote in his lap. Daylight streams into the flat. He
text: gets up, stretches and goes over to the window. He can
text: see the same lady in the flat opposite, except her son is
text: almost a teenager now. The lady is instructing the maid
text: now, and she has henna in her hair. Its a Sunday morning,
text: and things are relaxed. Arun looks radiant, charged in a
dialog: way.
text: He turns to the TV thoughtfully, looking at the house
text: with new eyes. Then he puts the kettle on for tea.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 32
text: Shai is holding up her shirt which had the stain. Its a
text: spotless white, as good as new. She turns and smiles.
text: Munna avoids her gaze, but one can tell he’s pleased.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Chai loge?
text: Munna nods, trying to look casual.
text: Agnes who is standing near the two of them looks taken
text: aback at the exchange.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Agnes, please do cup chai banana?
text: Agnes leaves, not at all happy. Shai walks to the
text: balcony, gestures to him to follow.
text: Munna looks around the house. Sees himself in a mirror,
text: and adjusts his hair. He wears a cute Doors t shirt. They
text: sit in chairs on the balcony and look out to sea. Shai’s
text: camera is on a table, which she has taken apart.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: (pointing to his t shirt)
dialog: You like The Doors?
text: Munna smiles and nods like he knows what she is talking
text: about. There’s a little awkward pause.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Aap photographer hain?
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Nahin, bas photo lena pasand hai! Main
dialog: bank ka kaam karti hoon. America mein.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: America chhod ke kyun aai? America yahan
dialog: se bohot aage hai, na.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Yeh kisne kaha? Kucch areas mein, haan
dialog: definitely aage hai.. Lekin...
text: Shai thinks about it, and nods slowly, with ambivalence.
text: Munna shrugs.
text: Munna clucks
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Tum Bombay se ho?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Nahin, Bihar. Darbhanga zilla.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Tum kyun aaye Bombay?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Pet bharne, aur kis liye aane ka idhar.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Sara family yahan hai?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Nahin main akela aaya. Aath saal ka tha.
dialog: Chacha ke saath rehne aaya.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Jaate ho vaapas, milne?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Nahin, kabhi nahin gaya.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Kyun?
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Unki yaad nahin aati?
text: his tongue in a negative.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Ghar pe accha nahin lagta tha kya?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Theek tha. Par khaane ko kam milta tha.
dialog: Bahut bhook lagti thi, har vaqt bhook.
dialog: Main jab Bambai aaya, to chacha ne pehle
dialog: hotel mein kaam dilvaya. Vahan mein khoob
dialog: khata tha - khana bhi aur thappad bhi!
text: Shai laughs at the joke. Munna is pleased.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Par vahan kya farming... kya kehte
dialog: hain... kheti nahin thi tum logon ki?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Nahin hamare paas zameen nahin hai.
dialog: Hamara jaat chamaar hai.
text: Shai nods, processing what that means. Munna thinks for a
text: moment and then decides he should ask.
speaker_heading: MUNNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Aap mera photo le sakti hain?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Kya? Sure.
text: She reaches for the camera.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Nahin, nahin! Aisa nahin. Aap portfolio
dialog: photo le sakte hain?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Kyun? Model banna hai kya?
text: Shai says it jokingly, then realizes that he is serious.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Nahin actor banne ka hai.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Accha... Haan, main try kar sakti hoon...
dialog: I’ve never really done that sort of
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Kya cheez?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Main le sakti hoon, sure.
text: Munna looks pleased.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: But tumhe mere liye kuch karna padega.
dialog: Mujhe tumhara photo chahiye, tum jab apna
dialog: kaam kar raha hai.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Kya kaam?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Arre dhobi ka, what else. Okay?
text: He nods, happy. Agnes comes in with one glass and one mug
text: of tea. Shai looks at her pointedly, and takes the glass,
text: giving Munna the mug. Agnes also holds up a shirt which
text: is Arun’s, shaking it at Munna.
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Eh Munna, yeh kaun sa shirt laaya hai?
dialog: Saab bole unka nahin hai. Zara dhyaan se
dialog: kapde diya karo..
text: At the same time both Shai and Munna speak.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Oh yeh mera hai...
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Arre yeh to Arun saab ka hai...
text: Shai looks at Munna in amazement.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Tum Arun ko jaante ho? Artist Arun?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Haan.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: To tumhe maloom hai ki uska new house
dialog: kahan par hai?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Haan.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Mujhe dikhaoge please, mujhe yeh shirt
dialog: return karna hai...
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Laiye main de deta hoon...
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: No, mujhe use surprise karne ka hai.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 33.
text: Munna nods, understandingly.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Tumhara naam Munna hai?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Haan. Aap mujhe bula sakti hain.
text: Munna grins at her. They are friends. Agnes looks
dialog: disgusted.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE OVAL - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 33
text: Yasmin is walking through the Oval, shooting the Rajabhai
text: Clock tower, the High Court and University.
text: In a later cut we see the tall buildings at Nariman
dialog: Point.
speaker_heading: YASMIN
dialog: Itni oonchi imartein! Pata nahin in logon
dialog: ko dar kaise nahin lagta! Yeh sab daftar
dialog: hain, aur log subah subah train, bus,
dialog: gaadi le kar pahunch jaate hain. Saat
dialog: baje se raaston par itni gadiyan! Yahan
dialog: to kaam nau baje shuru ho jaata hai!
dialog: Vahan ke tarah nahin, jahan nau baje
dialog: Khalujaan apni pehli pyali chai ki
dialog: mangatey hain!
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - NIGHT 34
text: Arun is sitting in front of the TV, watching the tapes.
scene_heading: EXT. ARUN’S BUILDING - NIGHT 35
text: Shai and Pesi are sitting in Shai’s car, and Pesi is
text: trying to roll a joint.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Pes, you have so totally forgotten how to
dialog: roll a joint, we’1ll have to smoke the
dialog: floormats!
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: That’s why I do coke! It’s so much
dialog: easier! And anyway why are we here since
dialog: you claim that you’re not really into
dialog: him?
dialog: 34.
text: Shai slumps back in her seat and sighs deeply.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Who knows. There’s something we left
dialog: unfinished I think.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Ooh a couple of positions you didn’t
dialog: try?!
dialog: (Shai glares at him)
dialog: So go na, up there and ring his doorbell.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: I can’t. I.. I don’t really know him. And
dialog: who knows, he may have someone up there
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Very possible. These artist types get
dialog: lots of action, huh. Though he’s a bit of
dialog: a dark horse. And he lives also in this
text: slightly crummy part of town.
text: Shai looks around. There’s a building under construction
text: opposite Arun’s, and it says “Edulji Developments” on the
text: asbestos sheets around the property. Selva walks out and
text: sees them in their parked car.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Oh, this is one of our buildings.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Really? Well I guess this area is getting
dialog: posher then. Oh, wait, there he is. Isn’t
dialog: that him?
text: Shai jerks up, then with a squawk ducks down and watches
text: as Arun walks down the road, lost in his thoughts.
speaker_heading: PESI (CONT’D)
dialog: What? What happened?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Get down! He’1l see us!
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: He’s not that cute also, huh.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Sshhh!
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 35.
text: She watches as Arun walks down the road, and at one point
text: goes into an udipi restaurant that’s open late.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on Pes, lets go there.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: What? To that madrasi joint? No thanks,
dialog: it’s pure veg types, idli saambar and
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Ufff, who’s going for the food?
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: I am, baba. I can’t do all this 007-giri
dialog: on an empty stomach, huh. A nice steak is
dialog: in order. I’ve already got the munchies!
dialog: What say? Come na. Forget this nonsense.
dialog: I’ll find you a hot parsi boy, ney, bahu
dialog: saaru, who’ll be Oxford educated and
dialog: filthy rich, who’ll take you for holidays
dialog: in Belize and St. Tropez, be a so-so
text: lover but well versed in Nietzsche and
dialog: opera....
text: All this as Shai glares at him, and Pesi hands her a
text: lighted joint and drives off into the Bombay night.
scene_heading: INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - NIGHT 36
text: Munna is working out on the mat. He’s doing crunches,
text: lifting dumbbells etc. The night life of the slum colony
text: carries on in the background. His cat comes in, sits and
text: grooms herself.
scene_heading: INT. ARUN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT (DREAM) 37
text: Shai dreams of Arun. The sequence is abstract, with
text: visuals of their lovemaking, reading a book together ,
text: Shai tracing his backbone, all layered on with paint. A
text: visual collage.
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL TRAIN - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 38
text: Yasmin is in a packed train at rush hour. The women have
text: no sympathy for her camera, and the frame is shoved
dialog: around.
dialog: 39
dialog: 36.
text: She lifts the camera up till it is at head level, and she
text: gets a wide angle close of the women shoved up against
text: her. They are not amused. One of them gives her a baleful
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: IRRITATED LADY
dialog: Kya? Kya shooting karta hai? Huh?
speaker_heading: YASMIN
dialog: Kuch nahin. Bombay mein nayi hoon, to...
speaker_heading: IRRITATED LADY
dialog: To kya? Yeh sab allow nahi hai maloom?
text: Other ladies get interested. They aren’t as discouraging.
speaker_heading: NICE LADY
dialog: Naya hai? Bombay dekhne aaya hai?
speaker_heading: YASMIN
dialog: Haan.
speaker_heading: NICE LADY
dialog: Dekho, dekho! Dekhna to free hai na!
text: She pans around the compartment, filled with women on
text: their way to work. Some reading, some sleeping, others
text: praying. A station comes, and a surge of women enters
text: giving Yasmin no room to film. The camera is turned off.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S CAR ON THE STREETS - DAY 39
text: Munna is dressed in natty clothes but he doesn’t look
text: happy. Shai’s driver drives through maddening traffic, as
text: Munna looks sullenly out of the window.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Kya problem hai, Munna?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Main chahta tha studio mein karenge, vahi
dialog: accha rahega.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Studio bohut artificial lagta hai, baba,
dialog: yeh better rahega ki main natural photos
dialog: loon.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: To kya raste pe lenge?
dialog: 40
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Haan, natural, jaise tum chal ke ja rahe
dialog: ho, kahin khade ho, kahin baithe ho...
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Arre, nahin nahin! Aap please studio mein
dialog: lo na! Main kharcha bharta hoon!
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Arre kharche ki baat thodi hai. Yeh sabke
dialog: portfolio se different hoga, bohut fresh
dialog: hoga!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Bhai hume fresh-vresh nahin chaiye! Aapko
dialog: lena aata hai ya nahin model photos?
text: Shai is forced to laugh despite her irritation, and she
text: takes out her phone.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Ashish?... Hey... Listen, I need your
dialog: help, man.
scene_heading: INT. PHOTO STUDIO - DAY 40
text: Its a small run-down studio with a few umbrella lights,
text: used mainly for portfolios. A couple of studio hands look
text: at them suspiciously. Shai puts her kit down and looks
text: around. She sees all the photography lights that are
text: triggered by the flash which she is totally unfamiliar
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Aapke paas koi light hai jo on rehta hai?
dialog: Not flash?
text: They go off and get her some basic lights. She sighs,
text: feeling out of her depth, but seeing Munna with his
text: expectant expression she perks up for his sake.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Chalo Munna, lets get started!
text: MONTAGE: Munna smiling, Munna looking like the sweet boy-
text: next-door, Munna with typical ‘hero’ expression... At some
text: point she takes the old wooden chair that the attendant
text: is sitting on and makes Munna do things with it.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Munna, ab smile mat karo, just seedha
dialog: idhar dekho.. Haan, better.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Ab thoda sa sir ghumao, nahin us taraf,
dialog: haan very good..
text: She looks at her results. He looks very good with the
text: unsmiling, sexy expression.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Accha, aur koi T shirt hai? Yeh bohut
dialog: bright hai..
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Nahin... main T shirt utar doon?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: OK, utaro, try karte hain.
text: He peels off his T shirt. He has a beautiful body. Its
text: suddenly harder for Shai to give instructions, she finds
text: him very attractive. She takes a whole series of him, in
text: beautiful half light.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - DAY 41
text: Arun is watching the tape and looks like he hasn’t moved
dialog: from where he was for the past few days.
scene_heading: INT. YASMIN’S FLAT LANDING - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 42
text: Yasmin is filming the lady in the flat next to hers, an
text: old lady who doesn’t speak or appear to move, who sits
text: with her chair facing the door.
speaker_heading: YASMIN
dialog: (to the lady)
dialog: Hello Aunty! How are you?
dialog: (whispering into the mike)
dialog: Imran yeh mere flat ki bagal vali flat
dialog: mein rehti hain. Pata nahin kyun yeh kuch
dialog: nahin kehti. Nahi unke chehere ka rukh
dialog: kabhi badalta hai. Kuch hua hoga inke
dialog: saath. Bechaari.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A)- MOMENTS LATER 43
text: Arun’s cell phone rings. Arun picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Hi Vatsala.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: Hello stranger. Which floor do you live
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: What do you mean? Fourth floor. Why?
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: Mangal Nivas, na?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Ya, why?
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: Tell me did you speak to Andy Lau after
dialog: that day, like I’d asked you to?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: No, V, I just haven’t had the time... I
dialog: meant to but...
text: The bell rings, and Arun jumps with a start and turns off
text: the tape in a hurry. He opens the door to Vatsala as she
dialog: says,
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: So, what have you been up to?
text: She grins at his guilty expression, and walks past him
text: into the house. She sees the paraphernalia of the tapes
text: around the TV.
speaker_heading: VATSALA (CONT’D)
dialog: Ha, should’ve known, holed up at home
dialog: watching porn!
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: No, no, mad or what.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: Then what is that?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Some stuff.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: What stuff? Huh? Why being so cagey?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: I’m not being cagey. Its just some...
dialog: research material.
dialog: 44
dialog: 40.
text: Vatsala walks over and picks up a tape and starts reading
dialog: the spine.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: “Pehli chi..”
text: Arun grabs it back from her. She lunges and picks up
text: another and starts reading it as he struggles with her to
dialog: get it back.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Stop it V, give it back!
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: Who’s ‘Yasmin Noor’?
text: A small chase ensues. Finally Arun pins her down in the
text: kitchen and wrests it from her. They are in an intimate
text: lock. Vatsala reaches forward to kiss him, but he moves
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: VATSALA (CONT’D)
dialog: What? Not in the mood?
text: He walks out of the kitchen. She’s left there,
dialog: thoughtful.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - LATER 44
text: Vatsala and Arun wait as their order comes. Arun is in
text: his own world, folding his serviette into neat triangles.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: We didn’t sell much.
text: Arun nods.
speaker_heading: VATSALA (CONT’D)
dialog: The market is a little slow, but I was
dialog: hoping we’d do better. This slot at the
dialog: Singapore Biennale better work out... You
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Ya. Never been better.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: You hardly talked to anyone at the show.
dialog: Except that girl with Pesi. Who was she?
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Oh Shai. She’s... I don’t know, a banker
dialog: or something.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: Oh Shai... she’s Pravin Edulji’s
dialog: daughter. Pravin bought more art than
dialog: anyone I know last year. I hope you
dialog: charmed her?
text: He lifts up his serviette and its a bird.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: This is much easier to do with paper.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: You didn’t ask me why I came.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Why did you come?
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: I’ve wangled a show for you. Guess where.
text: Arun is busy folding.
speaker_heading: VATSALA (CONT’D)
dialog: Sydney.
text: Arun looks up, suddenly interested. Vatsala smiles
text: triumphantly.
speaker_heading: VATSALA (CONT’D)
dialog: I wanted to surprise you! There’s this
dialog: gallery I’ve been in touch with about
text: Medha’s work and Gagan’s work, and with
dialog: it I slipped in a catalogue of your work.
dialog: They seem to really like it! They want to
dialog: open their India section with you!
text: Arun seems very happy.
speaker_heading: VATSALA (CONT’D)
dialog: This will launch you internationally! I
dialog: am SO excited!
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: So will I get to go?
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: Tsk, of course Arun, duh! Where are you?
dialog: It'll be fabulous! We’1l be on the world
dialog: map!
dialog: 45
dialog: 42.
text: Arun sobers down at the ‘we’.
speaker_heading: VATSALA (CONT’D)
dialog: And of course you’ll get to see Shiv. How
dialog: old must he be by now?
text: Arun thinks and calculates. Then grins broadly.
speaker_heading: ARUN
text: Almost six.
text: And he places a napkin-airplane in front of her.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 45
text: Munna is looking at prints of pictures that Shai has
text: taken. Shai is looking at him and his reactions. He is
text: looking at the pictures very carefully.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: To? Tumhe mera kaam kaisa laga? Accha
dialog: laga?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Ab main kya boloon. Mujhe to bohut
dialog: badhiya laga.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Great! Thank heavens. Chai?
text: Munna nods a yes and she gestures to him to follow her.
text: He follows her to the kitchen, looking around him at the
text: house. Shai puts a kettle on and takes out tea bags and
text: mugs.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Tum mere first client ho, to main nervous
dialog: thi!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Nahin, aap ka kaam to badhiya hai.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Par aap bhi batao...
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Kya?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Nahin... main aapko kaisa lagta hoon?
text: She looks up at him.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: MUNNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Photos mein...
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Er... mujhe to bohut acche lage. See this
dialog: one.. and this.. I prefer this attitude.
text: Munna nods like he understands.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Matlab aapko lagta hai mere liye koi
dialog: chance hai?
text: Shai hands him the tea.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Of course chance hai. Jab tum famous
dialog: actor ban jaoge, mujhe yaad rakhna, ok?
text: Munna smiles.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Haan, aur ab tumko mujhe le jaana padega.
dialog: Dhobi ghat.
text: Munna smiles in acquiescence. He looks around the drawing
text: room they’re sitting in. There’s assorted photographs of
text: Shai and her brother Veer with her parents.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Yeh aapka bhai hai?
text: Shai nods.
speaker_heading: MUNNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Vo bhi America rehta hai?
text: Shai nods. Munna thinks for a long while.
speaker_heading: MUNNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Main bhi America jaana chahta hoon.
dialog: Inshallah main bhi jaoonga ek din.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: In-sha-allah...
dialog: (turning it around on her
dialog: tongue)
text: Munna grins at her and nods.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Inshallah.
dialog: 46
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET - NIGHT (D.V. FOOTAGE) 46
text: The digital camera is on in a crowded market
text: (Crawford/Mohammed Ali Road/ Null Bazaar), where bulbs
text: hang outside street stalls piled high with dried fruit,
text: clothes, ‘farsan’, and then bangles. The camera stops at
text: the bangle seller, and attempts to get through the thick
text: of girls trying on the discs of colour. She finally
text: reaches the front, and we see the spread of designs and
text: colours. The bangle seller is not the very patient kind.
speaker_heading: BANGLE SELLER
dialog: Haan, bibiji, kya dikhaoon?... kaanch ke
dialog: chahiye?... arre main nikalta hoon
dialog: bibiji, aap bas dikhaiye kaun sa!
text: Meanwhile Yasmin is pulling out the ones she likes. The
text: bangle seller is curious about her camera, as are the
text: other girls there. They smile at her and giggle when she
text: turns towards them.
speaker_heading: BANGLE SELLER (CONT’D)
dialog: Kya TV ka program hai? Hain?
speaker_heading: YASMIN
dialog: Yeh vale kitne ke hain?
speaker_heading: BANGLE SELLER
dialog: Yeh chhatees rupay darzen. Laiye main
dialog: pehna doon..?
speaker_heading: YASMIN
dialog: (whispered into the mike)
dialog: Baap re! Suna Imran!
dialog: (to the bangle seller)
dialog: Nahin bhaiyya, nahin chahiye, bohot
dialog: mehenge hain.
speaker_heading: BANGLE SELLER
dialog: Arre kya baat kar rahi hain, bibiji, yeh
dialog: to sabse saste hain! Chaliye thoda kam
dialog: kar dete hain. Pehen ke dekhiye to
dialog: sahi... Haan madam, kaun se? Yeh vale?..
text: There’s much fumbling with the camera as she puts on the
text: bangles. Then she lifts them up to the lens. They look so
text: pretty in the light. She shakes her hand and they clink
text: and wink in frame. Night life bustles around her.
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - NIGHT 47
text: Cut to the TV on which the footage is playing. Arun
text: presses stop, making a sort of postcard image of the
text: place and begins to pace excitedly around the room. He
text: takes out a piece of paper and begins to draw on it. His
text: phone rings, but he ignores it. He rewinds and watches
dialog: the section again.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION - NIGHT 48
text: Shai is watching Arun through her camera lens from a
text: vantage point of a building terrace opposite. She trains
text: her lens at him, watching as he watches Yasmin on his TV,
text: sometimes going very close to the TV screen, his
text: expressions, him pouring himself a drink, smoking a
text: cigarette... We see Selva and a few others, skulking
text: about behind her, trying to see what she’s doing, but she
text: turns to look at them, and they shuffle off.
text: Her phone rings.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hi Dadda... yes I’m here, that guy,
dialog: what’s his name? Your site manager? I
dialog: think its Hari or something, worked it
dialog: out for me... Yes its great thanks pops,
dialog: I’m getting some great shots...
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD NEAR THE DHOBI GHAT - NIGHT 49
text: Munna is walking along and admiring his pictures. He hums
text: and breaks into a song, singing to his photo as his
text: lover. He is very happy.
scene_heading: EXT. DHOBI GHAT - DAY 50
text: Photographs of Munna washing clothes at the dhobi ghat.
dialog: The photographs document the whole process of washing
dialog: (soaking, bleaching, beating on the stone, etc), drying
text: on the lines by the sea, ironing, and the bundles of
text: clothes taken to peoples’ homes. A photo montage, while
text: we also see how Munna is trying to impress Shai, and how
text: she is charmed by this. Shai also talks to some other
text: dhobis who tell her the problems in their trade.
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING LIFT - DAY 51
text: In a small, cramped lift in a south Bombay apartment
text: building, Munna, Shai and the dour, bored elevator
text: attendant are heading upwards. Shai is taking pictures of
text: Munna, while the lift man watches curiously. He can’t
text: stop staring at Shai and particularly at her chest. Munna
text: sees him doing this.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Kya dekh raha hai?
speaker_heading: LIFTMAN
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Kya dekh raha hai?
speaker_heading: LIFTMAN
dialog: Camera dekh raha hoon.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Aage dekh, bolta hoon. Camera pehle nahin
dialog: dekha hai kya?
speaker_heading: LIFTMAN
dialog: Accha tujhe kya, main kahan bhi dekhoon?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
text: (standing in front of Shai
text: protectively, threatening
dialog: tone)
dialog: Mujhe hai. Tu aage dekh bolta hoon.
text: The lift man looks in front reluctantly, picking his
text: teeth with a pen.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING LANDING - LATER 52
text: Munna rings a doorbell. Shai looks at Munna as they wait.
text: He is still irritated by the impertinence of the lift
dialog: man.
text: The door is opened by a young girl, who looks surprised
text: to see Shai. She puts her hands out to take the clothes.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Madam ko bolo yeh kapde lete hue photo
dialog: lena chahti hai.
dialog: 53
dialog: 47.
text: She leaves the door open and disappears into the flat. A
text: couple of moments later the lady of the house comes to
text: the door. She eyes Munna in a proprietary way and Shai
text: with displeasure.
speaker_heading: MUNNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Yeh kapde lene ka photo lena chahti hai.
speaker_heading: MADAM
dialog: Kyun? Tu andar aa.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Ma’am, I am shooting him at work, you
dialog: know from washing to delivering, so if
dialog: you don’t mind can I shoot him handing
dialog: over the clothes?..
text: The lady gives her a barbed look, and walks away saying
text: to the maid over her shoulder:
speaker_heading: MADAM
dialog: Le le kapde.
text: Shai shoots the maid take the clothes in the hall, bring
text: the soiled ones, note it down in a book and Munna tie
text: them up in a bundle. As they turn to go, the maid stops
dialog: Munna.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Madam ne tumko andar bulaya hai.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: (brusquely, embarrassed)
dialog: Bolna aaj main jaldi mein hoon, kal
dialog: parson aake milta hoon.
text: They leave.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING LANDING - MOMENTS LATER 53
text: They stand waiting for the lift. Munna looks up into the
text: lift shaft restlessly, clearly avoiding talking about the
dialog: lady.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Baap re, aise dekh rahi thi jaise mujhe
dialog: maar dena chahti thi!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: (short laugh, avoiding
dialog: looking at her)
dialog: Chodiye use!
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Par voh shayad tumhe nahin chodegi!
text: Munna is beet with embarrassment, and the lift arrives to
text: relieve him. They get in and descend.
scene_heading: 54 INT. THE FLAT (A) - DAY 54
text: Arun takes out the tape that says “Doosri Chitthi”, puts
text: it on and settles down to watch with a pad and a pen.
scene_heading: 55 INT. THE FLAT - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 55
text: A skinny young Maharashtrian Bai is standing facing
text: camera. She looks uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: YASMIN (0O.C.)
dialog: Haan, ab thoda haso na bai!
speaker_heading: BAI
dialog: (muttering, shuffling)
dialog: Kaay tumi...
speaker_heading: YASMIN (0O.C.)
dialog: Arre haso na! Tumhare sundar daat to
dialog: dikhao! Chota smile, please! Please!
speaker_heading: BAI
dialog: (laughing by now)
dialog: Kya tum karta hai!
text: She reveals a magnificent set of buck teeth/front teeth
dialog: missing.
speaker_heading: YASMIN (0O.C.)
dialog: Aur Vanitha kidhar hai? Vanitha, saamne
dialog: aao! Arre aao na, kuch nahin hota..
text: A young girl (14 yrs) comes and shyly stands next to her
text: mother, giggling.
speaker_heading: YASMIN (0.C.) (CONT’D
dialog: Imran bhai, yeh hain Latabai aur unki
dialog: beti, Vanitha!
dialog: (to them)
dialog: Mere bhai ko hello bolo!
speaker_heading: LATABAT
dialog: Pan kidhar hai tumhara bhai?
dialog: The bai
dialog: Vanitha
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: VANITHA
dialog: Te camera madi hello bolnaar, didi photo
dialog: record karoon pataite tenala bhaukade.
speaker_heading: LATABAI
dialog: Ohh...
speaker_heading: YASMIN (0O.C.)
dialog: Vah, yeh Vanitha toh bohot samajhdar hai,
dialog: bai. Vanitha kaun se class mein ho?
speaker_heading: VANITHA
dialog: Class seven. English medium.
text: looks very pleased.
speaker_heading: YASMIN (0.C.)
dialog: Accha? To phir english mein kuch bol ke
dialog: sunao?
text: thinks but is struck by shy giggles.
speaker_heading: LATABAT
dialog: Bol na. Te kavitha sang..
text: Vanitha thinks for a moment, then commences in a singsong
dialog: cadence.
speaker_heading: VANITHA
dialog: “The Brook” by Alfred Lord Tennyson.
dialog: "“T come from haunts of coot and hern,
text: I make a sudden sally
text: and sparkle out among the fern,
text: and bicker down the valley.
dialog: By thirty hills I hurry down,
dialog: or slip between the ridges,
text: by twenty thorpes, a little town,
dialog: and half a hundred bridges.
dialog: Till last by Philip’s farm I flow
text: to join the brimming river,
dialog: for men may come and men may go,
dialog: but I go on forever.” Uske baad mein
dialog: bhool gayi.
text: The Bai meanwhile has settled against the dining table
text: and done some tobacco rolling in her palm.
speaker_heading: YASMIN (0O.C.)
dialog: Vah! Bai yeh to bohot hoshiyaar hai!
speaker_heading: LATABAT
dialog: (secretly very proud)
dialog: Haan, kuch zyada hi hoshiyaar hai!
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 50.
text: Vanitha comes and hugs her mother, suddenly shy again.
speaker_heading: LATABAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Isko accha nachna-gaana bhi aata hai. Hai
dialog: na? Poora time TV pe hindi gaane, aur ye
dialog: naachti hai! Isi liye uske ab marks bhi
dialog: kam hone laga hai! Eh, didi la dakhao,
dialog: nachoon? Huh?
text: Vanitha has buried her head in her mother’s pallu, and
dialog: refuses to dance.
speaker_heading: LATABAI (CONT’D)
text: (winking conspiratorially at
dialog: Yasmin)
dialog: Chalo agle baar, theek hai didi?
speaker_heading: YASMIN (0.C.)
dialog: Theek hai!
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - MOMENTS LATER 56
text: Arun pauses the tape and thinks.
scene_heading: EXT. ARUN’S BUILDING - DAY 57
text: Arun has cornered the building watchman.
speaker_heading: WATCHMAN
dialog: Ab kya pata saab, duty humri badalti
dialog: rehti hai. Kab aapke flat mein koi madam
dialog: thi, mujhe nahin maloom.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Accha to Latabai naam ki kaamwali ko
dialog: pehchante hai aap?
text: The watchman looks doubtful.
speaker_heading: WATCHMAN
dialog: Latabai.... Naam to sune hain, lekin
dialog: theek pata nahin.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Aap pata karo, theek hai? Yehi building
dialog: kaam karti thi vo. Okay?
text: He searches in his pocket, and finds two ten rupee notes
text: and gives the watchman both. The watchman nods. It starts
text: to rain, and Arun ducks back into the building.
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) LANDING - DAY 58
text: Arun is getting his house keys out when he sees the lady
text: with the perpetual blank stare next door looking at him.
text: He smiles at her and nods a hello, but she is just
text: vacant. He feels a bit disturbed by this and hurries into
dialog: his flat.
scene_heading: EXT. DHOBI GHAT - EVENING 59
text: Munna has put away the last bundle for washing the next
text: day. Shai is wrapping up her equipment.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Thanks, Munna.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Aapko bhook nahin lagi hai?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Bohot lagi hai!
text: Munna picks up her equipment bag and walks, Shai looking
text: after him amused. He turns and looks at her like “come on
text: then”. She follows him.
scene_heading: INT. IRANI RESTAURANT - NIGHT 60
text: They are eating kheema and pav at an Irani restaurant.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Arun ko kitne saal se jaante ho?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Kyun?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Just... jaanna chahti thi..
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Kuch chaar saal se.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Always akela rehta tha voh?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Nahin pehle biwi aur ek baccha bhi the.
text: Shai stops eating shocked.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Kya? No way!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Haan! Kyun? Do saal se voh nahin hain.
dialog: Divorce ho gaya uska. Bura haal tha thab
dialog: uska. Darwaza hi nahin kholta tha. Ek din
dialog: maine bola “kholo darwaza! nahin to
dialog: police ko bulata hoon!”
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Phir?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Phir usne jaake khola. Maine bola zinda
dialog: hai shukar hai. Chai banaya uske liye,
dialog: dono piye, aur main nikal gaya.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Phir?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Phir kya. Theek ho gaya voh... Aur ek
dialog: macchi fry mangaoon?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Mmmm... share karoge, to. Poora nahin kha
dialog: sakungi.
text: Munna orders a fish fry.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’ D)
dialog: Uski wife kaisi thi?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Acchi. Gori. Lambi, Arunbhai se bhi
dialog: lambi!
text: Shai nods, not particularly happy at the praise.
speaker_heading: MUNNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Aapki shaadi nahin hui?
text: Shai laughs and shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MUNNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Aur koi boyfriend?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Tha. No more... Aur tum? No?
text: He also shakes his head.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Kyun? Tum itna handsome hai!
text: Munna blushes.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Kya karein. Koi hume acchi nahin lagi. Ab
dialog: tak.
text: Shai grins, knowing she’s embarrassing him.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Koi mil jayega..
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Gi! Mil jayeGI!
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Koi mil jayegi! Inshallah...
text: He grins. They eat companionably.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT 61
text: Munna is carrying Shai’s camera bag and they are hurrying
text: to her car in the rain. Her driver opens her door for
text: her, and she gets in as Munna stands getting soaked. She
text: tells him to go ahead, but he just stands there smiling
text: at her, watching the car as it leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION - NIGHT 62
text: The workers and their families are sitting in the
text: unfinished drawing room of a flat, some playing cards,
text: some sleeping or reading the paper. Outside it pours. Its
text: a happy environment, like a school rain holiday.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - LATER 63
text: Shai lets herself into the apartment, then realizes the
text: TV is on. She is soaking wet.
text: She goes into the TV room to find her parents, Pravin and
text: Manek Edulji watching the late night news, as Manek flips
text: through The Economist/WSJ. They are distinguished, in
text: their early 60s, with a ring of old money about them.
speaker_heading: PRAVIN
dialog: Hi darling! Are you sopping or what?
dialog: Better change love.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: MANEK
dialog: Hello Shai Edulji. Stop looking like
dialog: you're seeing ghosts. We aren’t, not yet
dialog: anyway.
text: She goes over and kisses them.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hey! I thought you guys weren’t expected
dialog: till early next week?
speaker_heading: PRAVIN
dialog: The Jalals are having a party tomorrow
dialog: night, sweetheart, so they asked us to
dialog: come back. You’re invited of course, and
dialog: you really must come.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Cool. Look, the monsoon is here! My first
dialog: in... ten years! Has it started raining
dialog: in Alibaug yet?
speaker_heading: PRAVIN
dialog: You know it looked terribly worrying when
dialog: we got in the boat, and we pretty much
dialog: made it in the nick of time, didn’t we
dialog: Manek?
speaker_heading: MANEK
dialog: I’d say. We have to get a covered speed
dialog: boat that’s bigger. I’m tired of your
text: mother looking like a she’s in purdah
text: trying to save her hairdo.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: You married a beauty queen, Manek Edulji,
dialog: now pay for it!
speaker_heading: MANEK
dialog: So you’ve been out shooting have you?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Yeah. Went to the Dhobi Ghat today. It
dialog: was just fascinating!
speaker_heading: PRAVIN
dialog: (shuddering)
dialog: Oh dear. Darling you shouldn’t do these
dialog: things, god knows what kind of infections
dialog: you could pick up there.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Tsk, ma! You’re just paranoid.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 55.
text: Shai sits at the edge of the sofa.
speaker_heading: PRAVIN
dialog: Darling don’t sit there, you’re all wet!
dialog: Why don’t you go and change.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Yup, and I’m going to bed.
dialog: (over her shoulder)
dialog: Thanks for letting me shoot from the
dialog: building, Dadda.
speaker_heading: MANEK
dialog: I hope its coming along quickly, that
dialog: project. The labour are really dragging
dialog: their feet, I think.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
scene_heading: INT/EXT MUNNA’S ROOM - NIGHT 64
text: Munna finds the floor in his room wet with rain coming in
text: from a crack between the tarpaulin and the bamboo
text: matting. He quickly puts a bucket under the leak, then
text: goes outside, gets an old crate, stands on it in the rain
text: and patches up the crack. Then he is back inside in dry
text: clothes, dries his hair and sits at his window for a
text: while. He gets into bed but can’t sleep.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - NIGHT 65
text: Arun stands at the window, watching the rain, listening
text: to Siddheswari Devi, the rain is coming in but he doesn’t
text: mind. He paints as the music plays and it pours outside.
text: He looks happy, content.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 66
text: Shai comes out of the shower, all washed and clean. She
text: turns on the A/C. Her windows are shut, and the rain
text: pours down the panes, which cloud up. She looks at
text: herself in the mirror as she brushes her hair. Then she
text: gets in bed and turns out the light.
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. ARUN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT (DREAM) 67
text: A dream-like recollection of love making between Shai and
text: Arun, similar to the earlier collage.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR A SLUM - NIGHT 68
text: Munna walks the street looking for something. He has his
text: stick in his hand. Its dark and some dogs bark nearby. A
text: lonely radio plays a song in bhojpuri, its crackly tenor
text: sounding bittersweet. The slum dwellers are asleep, and
text: light from one or two houses partially illuminates the
text: ground. He slowly walks towards a heap of dry waste lying
text: on the ground. He gently moves a sheet of plastic that is
text: covering something and WHAM! He slams his stick down time
dialog: and again...
scene_heading: EXT. ARABIAN SEA - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 69
text: The day has a dream like quality. The ocean is smooth and
text: greeny-blue. Bombay can be seen though a faint haze. The
text: sky has puffy clouds, and the boat rocks gently.
speaker_heading: YASMIN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Imran, voh dekho Bombay. Door se itna
dialog: shant lagta hai.
text: Suddenly the boat engine grinds to life. The camera
text: swings round, and Vanitha comes up to the camera.
speaker_heading: VANITHA
dialog: Start ho gaya, didi! Engine mein problem
dialog: tha.
text: The boat courses forward. The camera shoots the people on
text: the deck; villagers, tourists... A young couple stand near
text: the railing, whispering to each other, the boy with his
text: arm around her. She is trying to push him away a little,
text: but he pulls her close, saying things to her which make
text: her giggle. She spots Yasmin’s camera and nudges him and
text: tells him. He turns and looks at it, then takes her hand
text: and walks to a less visible spot.
text: She turns the camera to the water. The foam of the
text: churning water, the light refracting in its depths.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. ELEPHANTA CAVES - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 70
text: We see Yasmin framed against the beautiful Trimurti in
text: wide shot as Vanitha is filming her. She has thrown back
text: the nagaab of her burkha and is looking up in awe,
text: completely absorbed. Vanitha zooms in to her face.
scene_heading: INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - DAY 71
text: Munna is sitting on the floor, carefully sticking on
text: little stickers on the backs of the portfolio pictures
text: that say “Zohaib Shaikh, 5’10”, Moblie no. 9871412223”.
text: The cat is asleep in a corner and the rain makes a low
text: drumming sound on the roofs. Munna has put a vessel under
text: a leak in his roof. Salim comes in from the rain and
text: slumps down. He is in a rotten mood. Munna notices but
text: decides not to ask. Salim takes out a cigarette, lights
text: it and begins to smoke.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Voh saala, Raju, saala ek number ka
dialog: haraami hai. Mera 50000 ka dhanda kha
dialog: gaya! Main uski madad kar raha tha aur
dialog: saala, voh! Maine chaar laaphe maare use
dialog: aur warning de ke chod diya ki Kaale bhai
dialog: ko bataoonga! To hava tight ho gayi uski!
dialog: Saala... Lambu ka bhai hai to apne aap ko
dialog: Don samajhta hai...
text: Salim drags on the cigarette and calms down, then he
text: turns to Munna.
speaker_heading: SALIM (CONT’D)
dialog: Munna, kuch paise chahiye yaar. Voh
dialog: Jogeshwari mein flat book karne ke liye
dialog: dus hazaar aaj dena tha.
text: (he pulls out a bundle of
dialog: notes from his pocket)
dialog: Dekh mere paas saat hazaar hai. Teen de
dialog: na yaar, agle mahine lauta doonga.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Tune mere pehle ke chaar bhi nahin diye
dialog: Salim, ab main nahin de sakta.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Is baar pakka re, tu tension mat le. Agle
dialog: mahine Bhai mujhe bada kaam dene vala
dialog: hai, aur Raju se bhi loonga main do
dialog: mahine ka hafta. Pakka.
dialog: 58.
text: Munna gets up and takes out three thousand rupees from
text: his wallet/inside his trunk. Meanwhile Salim takes his
text: pictures and begins to look through them. He laughs
text: uproariously.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Kya? Has kyun raha hai?
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Abey! Yeh tere mem ne liye! Kya lagta hai
dialog: re tu!
text: He laughs like mad and drags on his cigarette. Then he
text: recovers. Munna snatches them back, he’s irritated. Salim
text: relents.
speaker_heading: SALIM (CONT’D)
dialog: Nahin, solid lagta hai tu, sachi, par
dialog: tere photo dekh ke mere ko jaane kyun
dialog: hasi aaya! Pan lagta tu hensum hai.
dialog: Sachi, saala! Body bhi acchi banai, huh?
text: Munna gives him the money.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Ab to vo producer se milvao. Kuch to kar
dialog: mere liye, Motey!
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Kya samajhta hai, main nahin milvaoonga?
dialog: Chal, kal milvata hoon, pakka! Theek hai?
text: Munna is thrilled but just smiles.
speaker_heading: SALIM (CONT’D)
dialog: Teri yeh memsaab acchi nikli, huh? Chal
dialog: ab bol daal, kya darne ka, usne to tujhe
dialog: aadha nanga bhi dekh liya!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Chal hut!
text: Munna mock kicks him, and they have a little mock fight.
scene_heading: 72 EXT. CHOWPATTY - EVENING (D.V. FOOTAGE) 72
text: Yasmin is filming the sea coming up to froth against her
text: toes. One can see the black hem of her burkha getting
text: wet. She zooms in to her toes, as she digs them into the
text: wet sand. She leans down and starts to write her name in
text: Arabic, with pretty flourishes, and loses it in the tug
dialog: of one wave.
dialog: 73
dialog: 59.
text: This time she quickly writes her name, and as she
text: finishes it, the wave takes it away. Then she writes her
text: full name - Yasmin Noor - and then its erased. Then as a
dialog: kick she writes - (atb)2 = a2 + 2ab + b2, and then its
text: gone. She laughs.
speaker_heading: YASMIN
dialog: Yahan kuch nahin tik sakta. Aur yeh
dialog: samundar sab kuch leke chup rehta hai.
dialog: Main ise kuch bhi keh sakti hoon, apne
dialog: saare raaz bata sakti hoon, aur voh sab
dialog: samundar ke gehrai mein kho jaayenge. Voh
dialog: kisi ko nahin bataega.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 73
text: Shai is fixing herself some lunch in her kitchen. She has
dialog: got some cold cuts and salad leaves and vegetables and
text: she’s making a sandwich with Agnes hovering around her.
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Give me, I’1ll do it Shai baby.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Why? Let me do it na.
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Then what I will do? You are doing all
dialog: the work!
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: I’m used to this, Agnes. I do all my own
dialog: work in New York.
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Arre but you use machine for everything
dialog: no there! My brother told me, in Dubai
dialog: they just buy all vegetables chopped, an
dialog: with packet masala and packet chapati,
dialog: ten minutes dinner ready!
text: Shai laughs. Agnes relaxes and watches her slice
text: tomatoes, cucumber and cheese.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: So Agnes how’s your daughter?
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: She alright, baby. Doing all the time
dialog: tuitions. From school she straight go to
dialog: tuition class! Tuition fees are double
dialog: school fees!
dialog: 74
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Really? What does she want to do finally?
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: She now in tenth so time is there. But I
dialog: think she may join a call center from
dialog: next year.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: And your husband? Still drinks and beats?
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Oh no! Thank Jesus he went away! Took my
dialog: twenty thousand rupees and ran off! Some
dialog: other woman he found to beat I think!
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Bastard. Good riddance.
text: She puts her sandwich onto a plate, pours herself a glass
text: of lemonade and picks up her plate to leave.
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Shai baby, you stay away from this dhobi
dialog: boy I think.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Really? Why?
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: He’s not a good boy. He just extra smart,
dialog: got no education, total faltu type.
dialog: Thinks too much of himself. Not from a
dialog: good background you know, these type
dialog: people.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE THE FLAT (A) - DAY 74
text: Shai is hurriedly walking along the street towards the
text: Edulji building opposite Arun’s with her camera
text: equipment, wearing big shades, when she suddenly spots
text: Arun walk down towards his building. She ducks her head
text: and tries to hurry into the Edulji building, trying to
text: look. the other way, panicking that he might see her. And
dialog: he does.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Shai? Hey, Shai!
text: She stops and turns, and feigns surprise at seeing him.
text: He crosses the road and comes up to her.
dialog: He points to
dialog: They are str
dialog: They laugh,
dialog: go first.
text: They look at
dialog: reluctant to
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ARUN (CONT’D)
dialog: Hil...
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Oh, hi...
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Nice to see you again! How’ve you been?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: I... I’ve been good. How are you?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: I’m good, very good. Moved house, working
dialog: on a new project.. Really good. I live
dialog: right here in fact.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Oh really. I’m... I was just going in
dialog: here... this building...
dialog: her gear.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: You going to shoot here or something?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Yeah, I’m just, you know, shooting here,
dialog: this construction work and all that. Its
dialog: one of my dad’s sites.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Oh, that’s cool.
text: uck by awkward silence. Then together..
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Well I should...
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Why don’t you...
text: and it’s more relaxed. He gestures that she
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: I should be going.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Okay. Cool. It was nice seeing you.
text: each other. She nods and smiles, still
text: leave. They smile.
dialog: 75
text: INT.
dialog: Shai
dialog: much
dialog: with
dialog: Shai
dialog: Shai
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: ARUN (CONT’D)
dialog: Do want to have a coffee before you go?
dialog: Do you have the time?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Er... yeah, actually, I do have time for
text: a coffee.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Do you want to come up to my house?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Yeah, okay.
scene_heading: THE FLAT (A)- MOMENTS LATER - DAY 75
text: is looking through his window, trying to see how
text: of the opposite building she can see. He comes in
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: So. How’s the ‘sabbatical’ been going?!
text: smiles at the reminiscence.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Its been pretty good so far.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Been seeing a lot of the city?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Yeah kind of.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Have you been to Mohammed Ali road and
dialog: those parts yet?
text: shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ARUN (CONT’D)
dialog: (excited)
dialog: You must go. And Haji Ali? And these mill
dialog: areas? Actually there’s so much to see in
dialog: Bombay.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Is there really? I guess one needs a
dialog: guide then, to see all this local stuff.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Yeah, one needs a guide...
text: Arun grins.
dialog: Silence.
text: He relaxes.
text: Shai, laughs.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: And you? You’ve been working?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Yeah. Well kind of. I have this...
dialog: something I’m kind of excited about.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: That’s great. You seem a lot happier, I
dialog: have to say.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Listen Shai. I really want to apologize
dialog: for being an asshole the last time round.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Oh no. Not more apologies. Just forget
dialog: about it okay? It was no big deal,
dialog: really. So I found you hot, so I slept
dialog: with you! Its cool! Its... that’s all it
dialog: was. Just... forget about it.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Phew! Thanks, I was feeling so shitty for
dialog: ages after that day, thinking, you know,
dialog: I hurt your feelings and all that!
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Yeah, well you were a real shit that day,
dialog: but whatever. No, I wasn’t hurt. I was
dialog: just really pissed off for a while.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: That’s just me at my best. Pissing
dialog: everyone off. I have a way with that. And
dialog: when I’m drunk I do all kinds of random
dialog: things! Its really embarrassing.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: I know what you mean! I’m hoping you
dialog: don’t remember half the things Idid!
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Apart from the headstand you mean?!
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: 718
dialog: 64.
text: The doorbell rings. Arun’s laughing as he opens it to
text: Munna. Munna sees Shai cosy on the sofa and Arun all
text: laughing and goes still. Shai freezes, looking almost
dialog: guilty.
speaker_heading: ARUN (CONT’D)
dialog: Munna! Kya haal hai yaar.
dialog: (taking the clothes
dialog: Aaj kapde nahin hai, kal aana, okay?
dialog: Chal.
text: He shuts the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - MOMENTS LATER - DAY 76
text: Munna is still looking at the shut door, frozen. He turns
text: around slowly, sees the lady-of-perpetual-blankness, and
text: walks down the stairs. He looks shaken up.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - MOMENTS LATER 77
text: Shai is still frozen, feeling like she was caught out.
text: Arun hasn’t noticed.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: So? What else did you do that I shouldn’t
dialog: remember?
text: Shai smiles a tight smile. She looks at her watch.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hey look I gotta go. Thanks for the
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: So soon? Oh okay... See you. Show me your
dialog: pictures sometime. I’m curious to know
dialog: what kind of stuff you shoot.
text: Shai smiles and hurries out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE THE FLAT - MOMENTS LATER 78
text: Munna is walking down the street. Shai is running behind
text: him, trying to catch up with him. Finally she does.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Munna!
speaker_heading: 719
dialog: 65.
text: He stops and looks at her. She looks thoroughly guilty.
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Kahan ja raha hai?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Kaam hai.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Kya kaam? Aaj tumne bola tha tum mujhe
dialog: Nagpada le jayega... Aur tum vo movie
dialog: dikhayega, that “Hulchul” or whatever.
text: Munna shakes his head, resisting her charms.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on, Munna, you promised. Chalo na,
dialog: maine tickets bhi le liya.
text: Munna looks at her, slightly mollified.
scene_heading: EXT. CROWDED ALLEY - EVENING 719
text: Shai is finishing taking pictures of an attar maker in
text: his tiny workshop, while Munna looks on half-
text: territorially, half-admiringly. The man who makes attar
text: has been telling her how his trade has all but closed
dialog: down with the advent of bottled perfumes, mostly cheap
dialog: fakes. And how his son has no interest to learn what his
dialog: ancestors practised. He wants to do a job in marketing.
text: Shai and Munna leave, walking along companionably.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Aap yeh sab kyun kar rahi hai?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Mujhe janna hai... dekhna hai...
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Kya dekhna hai? Yeh sab gandi jagahein?
dialog: America ki sadkein kuch zyada hi saaf
dialog: the, isiliye!
text: They both laugh.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Par main nahin aati to yeh sab kahan
dialog: milta! Tum kahan milte!
text: Munna glows.
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Haan voh to hai.
text: They walk along companionably.
speaker_heading: MUNNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Aap Id ke din humare chachi ke ghar
dialog: aayenge?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Wow! Haan of course.
scene_heading: EXT. CHOWPATTY - AFTERNOON (D.V. FOOTAGE) 80
text: There are masses of people on Chowpatty beach as it is
text: Visarjan day. The camera is weaving its way through the
text: crowd and drum beats get louder and louder.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - DAY 81
text: Arun is painting and he gets stuck for ideas at a point.
text: He stares at the canvas for a long while. Then he
text: suddenly remembers Yasmin’s chain. He puts down his brush
text: and gets out the chain and the ring. He gently examines
text: the ring, turning it round in the light. It is a delicate
text: pearl set in silver which has become tarnished. Arun
text: smells it, looks at it, then tries it on one of his
text: fingers. It doesn’t fit any.
text: He takes the ring and chain into the bathroom and puts
text: them into a mug of soapy water. Then he uses his
text: toothbrush to clean them.
scene_heading: EXT. CHOWPATTY - EVENING 82
text: Arun is wandering around the beach in the afternoon, the
text: drumbeats playing in his head. His beard has grown. He
text: walks around, observing, and we see a chain around his
text: neck. It is Yasmin’s chain with the ring on it. He takes
text: off his shoes and wiggles his toes in the sand. He draws
text: some squiggles in the sand which get washed away. He
text: looks happy.
scene_heading: EXT. MOHAMMED ALI ROAD - NIGHT 83
text: It’s time for Iftari and Shai and Munna are walking along
dialog: (Shai, for a change in a salwar kameez), through groups
text: of people eating and shopping. Shai is taking lots of
text: pictures, and is very excited.
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 67.
text: She chooses the kebabs and other popular dishes, and
text: Munna insists on paying for everything. He is very
text: protective of her, as well as explains things to her.
text: They don’t notice Arun, who is also among the crowd,
text: looking around.
scene_heading: INT. MULTIPLEX - EVENING 84
text: Shai and Munna are walking towards the theatre. Salim and
text: a girl are standing close to the entrance. Munna rolls
text: his eyes, thinking “Shit, what’s he doing here”.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Abey. Kya.
dialog: (to Shai)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hi!
dialog: (to Munna)
dialog: Yeh tumhara friend hai na, us din bhi he
dialog: was here.
text: Munna nods and hurries her into the theatre, very self
text: conscious. Salim notices his odd behavior.
scene_heading: INT. CINEMA THEATRE - LATER 85
text: The movie is under way. Munna seems to be in a battle
text: trying to decide whether he can put his arm on the shared
text: armrest or not. Shai leans closer to ask him what
dialog: something means/ who some actor is, and he is so aware of
text: her. He finally puts his arm on the armrest and their
text: arms are touching. Shai is unaware, absorbed in the film.
text: Munna is on a cloud of bliss.
text: A KAJRI BEGINS TO PLAY OVER THE FOLLOWING MONTAGE:
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT - NIGHT 86
text: It rains outside while Arun is painting. In the
text: background Yasmin is walking to and around Haji Ali. He
text: is doing a big canvas, and he seems completely absorbed,
text: stopping from time to time to drink tea and watch the
dialog: tape.
scene_heading: EXT. HAJI ALI - EVENING (D.V. FOOTAGE) 87
text: Yasmin is walking to and around Haji Ali.
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
scene_heading: EXT. MULTIPLEX - NIGHT
text: Shai is getting into her car in the rain when she sees
text: Munna hanging behind. She gestures to him to get into the
text: car. He does.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - LATER
text: Shai and Munna are in the balcony of her apartment. Shai
dialog: has rolled herself a joint, a very funny looking one, and
text: she laughs. He is a bit scandalized, but goes along with
text: it, happy to be there. It rains outside.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (Y) - NIGHT (D.V. FOOTAGE)
text: We see a segment where Yasmin has bought herself a
text: birthday cake, and has lit candles on it. She places it
text: in front of the camera, cuts a piece and smilingly feeds
text: it to the camera (her brother). Arun pauses the tape and
text: comes very close to the TV as if to eat the cake.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT (DARK ROOM) - LATER - NIGHT
text: Shai is in her darkroom, showing Munna how she makes
text: prints. He is fascinated by her, and she knows it.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT (BALCONY) - LATER - NIGHT
text: Later she brings a bottle of single malt and two glasses.
text: She offers him one, he refuses, she presses him so he
text: takes one and takes a sip. It tastes ugly to him, and she
text: is vastly amused. She is mildly flirtatious in her
dialog: manner.
text: Later she has fallen asleep. Munna comes very close to
text: her and looks at her face as she sleeps. He bends over as
text: if he’s kissing her lips, seeing what it would be like if
text: he did. Then very quietly he gets up and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION - MORNING
text: The morning after the rain a few puddles are left in the
text: ground. Petrol and water creates a rainbow in one of
dialog: them.
text: Selva chews on one of those sticks one uses to clean
dialog: teeth.
dialog: 68.
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 69.
text: He has a radio with him, which has crackly songs playing
text: in bhojpuri or some other language. He looks at the city
text: around him, stirring. People in their flats, some out for
text: walks. The poor on the street are waking up.
scene_heading: INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 94
text: Shai sits in her balcony as Agnes hands her tea. She has
text: just woken up and is in the same place she fell asleep.
text: Agnes is very disapproving, as she picks up the bottle of
text: whiskey and the two glasses. Shai looks out to sea
text: blankly. The phone rings somewhere in the house. After a
text: bit, Agnes brings it to Shai.
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Mummy ka hai.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hello... hi ma... yeah good, good. And
dialog: you?... Okay... well, yeah sort of, still
dialog: doing my mad shooting!... well I’m done
dialog: with dhobis, ear-cleaners, the circus,
dialog: and I’m soon going to do the night rat
dialog: killers!... No, no kidding!... Of course
dialog: I'll be fine, ma. When are you coming
dialog: next?... Oh great, see you soon then...
dialog: bye!
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - DAY 95
text: Arun takes out the tape that says “Teesri Chitthi”. He
text: rubs his hands in anticipation and puts the tape in. He
text: settles down to watch.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (Y) - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 96
text: Yasmin has put the camera on and she sits fairly close in
text: front of the camera. She looks downcast.
speaker_heading: YASMIN
dialog: Bhai, dus din mein Bakrid hai aur tumhe
dialog: pata hai hum bakrid se kitna darte hain.
dialog: Hume always bura lagta hai, ki vahi jinhe
dialog: itne pyaar se bada karte hain, unhi ki
dialog: kurbani deni padti hai... Ghar mein main
dialog: kaise chhup jaati thi...
dialog: (thinks, then a little more
dialog: upbeat)
dialog: Voh to hain nahin Bambai mein, par yahan
dialog: unki khala ne hume bulaya hai Bakrid ke
dialog: din.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: YASMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: To humne soch liya hai ki kaun si bimari
dialog: ki vajah se hum nahin ja paenge...
dialog: Julaab!
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: Yaad hai, jab maulvi saab aate the, kaise
dialog: hum pet mein dard, sar mein dard, bahane
dialog: banakar nikal jaate the! Yeh khala ka
dialog: maamla kuch vaisa hi hai!... Chaliye abhi
dialog: ke liye itna hi. Itne din ho gaye, lekin
dialog: hum yeh tape khatam hi nahin kar pa rahe
dialog: hain! Saari kahabar tab tak baasi ho gayi
dialog: hogi! Khair, ‘better late than never’,
dialog: hai na?
scene_heading: INT. POSH RESTAURANT - NIGHT 97
text: Shai, her friend Suhana and Pesi are drinking at the bar
text: of a busting nightclub. They are all a bit high.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: What rubbish!! I couldn’t have said that!
dialog: No way!
speaker_heading: SUHANA
dialog: You totally did, na Pes? “When I grow up
dialog: I want to be a nun”! And we were all like
dialog: “whaaaat?!” Such a chamchi of those
dialog: Sisters you were!
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: While we were all like ‘astronaut’ and
dialog: ‘doctor’!
speaker_heading: SUHANA
dialog: Pes I remember you said you wanted to be
dialog: race jockey. We were quite impressed huh!
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Ya, now look at me! Don’t remind me babe,
dialog: its too depressing.
speaker_heading: SUHANA
dialog: Ya, imagine if I had become a doctor!
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Thank god at least Shai didn’t become a
dialog: nun!
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Actually now I wish I had! With all the
dialog: luck I’ve had with men...!
dialog: (sighs)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 98
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not cut out for relationships I
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Like your that verny painter?
text: Shai rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: PESI (CONT’D)
dialog: Fuck him ya! He was super weird anyway.
dialog: Listen lets drive to Khandala tonight!
text: The others murmur “what?”, “now?” etc.
speaker_heading: PESI (CONT’D)
dialog: Yeah the house is gorgeous now in the
dialog: rains!
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: I can’t babe, Munna is taking me to that
dialog: Dongri place tomorrow.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Uff, whats with this Munna fixation man!
dialog: How much you hang out with your dhobi!
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Yeah.. So?
speaker_heading: SUHANA
dialog: So... nothing. It’s just a bit weird no?
text: Suhana and Pesi are amused, but Shai isn’t really.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: No, I’m sure you have lots in common and
dialog: all, but babe... You know?... I mean
dialog: after a point its like “Kitna kapda dhoya
dialog: aaj” no?!
text: Suhana laughs like mad. Shai is forced to smile.
speaker_heading: PESI (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh ho, we’re kidding babe! Listen enough
dialog: now, huh, its time for some fun!
text: Shai looks quizzical.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY - NIGHT 98
text: Salim and Munna are walking along the Haji Ali subway.
dialog: 99
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Tu badal gaya hai, maloom.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Hmmm?
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Tumko na, pyar ho gaya hai.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Hut! Chutiya.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Tu bola hai usko? Huh?
text: Munna is quiet, dismissive but smiling.
speaker_heading: SALIM (CONT’D)
dialog: Pan uske ma-baap nahin manega. Tereko
dialog: bhaag jaana padenga.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Arre tu kahan pahuch gaya!
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Haan, sorry, pehle tu bol daal na!
text: Munna shakes his head but continues to smile. Salim’s
text: phone rings.
speaker_heading: SALIM (CONT’D)
dialog: Bolo seth! Bohot dinon baad!.. Kaisa hai
dialog: sab?.. Haan seth badhiya samaan laya hoon
dialog: is baar... Aap bolo kahan, main pohunch
dialog: jaata hoon... aadhe ghante main...
dialog: Brittania ke paas na?... ok sir, milte
dialog: hain.
text: Salim looks much happier. He looks at Munna with
dialog: affection.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN SOUTH BOMBAY - NIGHT 99
text: Salim is standing near a street corner, talking on the
text: phone, and Munna is beside him. He is directing someone
text: to where he is. A swank Land Rover stops beside him with
text: Pesi driving and Suhana beside him. The back windows are
text: tinted, so Munna can’t see Shai. Shai sees him and
text: stiffens. Suhana’s window goes down and Salim steps up to
dialog: them.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Kya saheb, hame bhool gaye aap!
text: Pesi and Suhana are disinterested in him. Pesi is
dialog: counting some notes.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: Kitna bola tha tumne?
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Saat hazar.
text: Pesi looks at him sharply. Salim tries to mutter that
dialog: that’s the rate.
speaker_heading: PESI
dialog: What nonsense, beech mein main usse le
dialog: raha tha, kya naam hai, Rajesh, aur voh
dialog: isse bhi accha paanch mein deta hai. To
dialog: yeh lo paanch aur paanch dus, 2 ke liye.
text: Salim argues, still smiling, and settles at twelve
text: thousand. Samir pays, the window is slid shut on Salim’s
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: PESI (CONT’D)
dialog: Now we’re set for some partying!
text: And they drive off. Shai doesn’t say a word. She looks at
text: all the people sleeping on the street that they pass.
text: Back on the sidewalk:
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Main chalta hoon. Kaam pay jana hai.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Arre phir vohi kaam! Aaj main chudvaoonga
dialog: tera yeh kaam. Chal aaj party karte hain!
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Nahin yaar, mujhe jaana hai.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Dhut saala, chutiya! Ja, kar! Kabhi nahin
dialog: manega! Ek din khud tujhe samajh aayegi!
text: Salim walks off, leaving Munna staring after him.
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 74,
scene_heading: INT. STD BOOTH - NIGHT 100
text: Selva is in an STD booth in a crowded part of town. With
text: great concentration he dials the long STD code and
text: number. After a while he seems to have got through. He
text: speaks to his wife who has delivered a child, while
text: keeping his eye on the ticking electronic meter. When
text: he’s done he pays after painfully counting every rupee.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - DAY 101
text: Arun picks up a pad and pencil and settles down to watch
dialog: the tape.
text: The tape plays.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (Y) - NIGHT (D.V. FOOTAGE) 102
speaker_heading: YASMIN
text: (sitting in front of the
dialog: camera, looking very
dialog: downcast)
dialog: Pata nahin logon ko yeh sab shaadi ka
dialog: chakkar kyun accha lagta hai. Mujhe
dialog: shaadi karni hi nahin chahiye thi. Lekin
dialog: meri kisine nahin suni. Main kitni khush
dialog: thi... Ek baat bataoon? Unki aur koi
dialog: aurat hai.
dialog: (looks down and away)
dialog: Mujhe kuch poochna tha unse, to mobile ka
dialog: nambar ghumaya, to ek aurat utha kar
dialog: kehti hai “tum kaun?” Humne kaha unki
dialog: Missus. Voh hansne lagi, aur unko bulate
dialog: hue kaha - “badi bholi maloom padti hai!
dialog: Kahan se laye usko?!”
text: She covers her face with her hands for a long moment.
text: Then she looks up at the camera. She smiles, a little
dialog: sad.
speaker_heading: YASMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Khair chhodo in baaton ko... Us din phone
dialog: par main itni khush ho gayi ki bohot sari
dialog: baatein poochna bhool gayi. Exam mein
dialog: kitne number mile? Aur Chhoti kaisi hai?
dialog: Ab to aam aane lag gaye honge baag mein!
dialog: Yahaan ke aam mein voh taste kahan!...
text: She smiles at the memory.
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - MOMENTS LATER 103
text: Arun’s phone rings.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Hi V... yes, its going well... I’m not
dialog: sure but maybe in a month or two?... no,
dialog: I can’t be done faster than that...
dialog: listen, Vatsala, I... No I don’t know...
dialog: listen, I can’t work to these deadlines
dialog: anymore, okay? I can’t. I’1l1 let you know
dialog: when I’m done and you can come and take
dialog: these, okay? Till then please quit
dialog: hassling me!
text: He hangs up and throws his phone onto the sofa. He takes
text: a deep breath. The phone begins to ring again. He
text: disconnects the call. Again it rings and he gets really
text: mad. He takes the call, and as he hears Vatsala say
text: “hello? hello?” at the other end, he drops the phone into
text: the toilet and pulls the flush on it. He watches the
text: phone drown with satisfaction. Then he goes to the
text: kitchen and puts on the kettle for tea.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT OF MRS. SHAH - DAY 104
text: Munna is standing at the window of the flat which looks
text: on to the sea. Mrs. Shah is lying on the bed, resting on
text: one elbow and looking at him. She looks very irritated.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAH
dialog: Nahi aana chahta hai to mat aa! Maine kab
dialog: zabardasti kiya hai! Achanak tumko kya ho
dialog: gaya hai, kya maloom.
text: Munna stays silent.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAH (CONT’D)
dialog: Tera us ladki ke saath kuch to chakkar
dialog: hai.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Ab kuch bhi bol rahi hain aap.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAH
dialog: Kuch bhi kya. Tujhe usse pyaar ho gaya
dialog: hai, yehi baat hai. Sahi to keh rahi
dialog: hoon. Idiot kahin ka...
text: Munna turns to face her, anger in his eyes.
dialog: 105
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAH (CONT’D)
dialog: Arre sach baat sunne se sab darte hain!
dialog: Us amriki ladki ne tujhe thoda kya bhaav
dialog: de diya, tu lattu ho gaya! Arre Munna
dialog: apni aukat dekha kar, samjhe! Ab nikal
dialog: ghar se, aur vapas mat aana jab voh tujhe
dialog: lollypop khila kar bhej deti hai! Ja!
text: She turns over and reaches for the TV remote. She puts on
text: some television drama and presses a buzzer by her
text: bedside. The young maid appears.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHAH (CONT’D)
dialog: Ek thanda coke le kar aa, ice bhar ke.
dialog: Aur suno, aaj se Munna nahin aayega kapde
dialog: lene. Watchman ko bhi batana aur koi aur
dialog: dhobi dhoondh lena.
text: The maid leaves. Mrs Shah continues to watch TV ignoring
text: Munna. Finally Munna leaves the room.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY - LATER - NIGHT 105
text: Munna is heading back with Salim, Salim ribbing him about
text: his ‘mashooga’ and Munna is in high spirits. They are
text: walking along the lane, laughing and joking.
text: A weasly looking man steps out of the shadows and stops
dialog: Salim.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Eh Salim, Kaleybhai ne tumhe bulaya hai.
text: Salim looks at him with distaste.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Main busy hai. Kya kaam hai usko?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Pata nahin. Shayad iftari karni thi
dialog: tumhare saath.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Arre, abhi?! Abhi to kuch ghante main
dialog: sehri hai!
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: To main keh doon kya, ki tu busy hai?
text: Salim isn’t happy.
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Kahan milna hai?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Station ke peeche shed pe.
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Theek hai main aata hoon.
text: Jackie leaves. Salim readies to part ways with Munna.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Main bhi chaloon?
speaker_heading: SALIM
dialog: Nahin, main jaldi aata hoon. Tu apna
dialog: ghatiya kaam nipat ke aa, phir sehri
dialog: karte hain!
dialog: They part.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 106
text: Yasmin is shooting a plane flying over the buildings. It
text: sounds very loud, flying low over the skyline. She
text: follows it till its out of sight.
text: In a separate cut, she focuses on a street celebration;
text: some people are pushing along their god on a small cart
text: amidst drums and dancing.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - NIGHT 107
text: Arun is painting as the tape is playing. There’s snow on
text: the screen as it seems the recorded portion is over, and
text: Arun has just left it to run to the end.
text: Suddenly an image appears on the screen. Arun turns to it
text: surprised, and comes closer to it to see. Yasmin has put
text: the camera on the table and she goes to sit in front of
text: it. She looks depressed and smiles sadly.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (Y) - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 108
speaker_heading: YASMIN
dialog: Yeh mera akhri khat hai. Pata nahin yeh
dialog: tum tak pahunchegi ya nahin. Allah tumhe
dialog: khush aur salaamat rakhey. Mujhse gussa
dialog: mat hona. Maine bohot koshish ki hai.
dialog: Ammi aur Abbu ko bhi samjha dena.
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 78.
text: She has tears in her eyes and she gets up and turns the
text: camera off.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A)- MOMENTS LATER 109
text: Arun is weirded out. He rewinds and watches the segment
text: again. His expression changes when he realizes what she
text: is trying to say. He gets up, panicky almost, and paces
text: around. Then he calls Rakesh.
speaker_heading: RAKESH
dialog: Haan Arunji!
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Rakesh, yahan ka maalik kahan rehta hai?
dialog: Kya naam hai uska?
speaker_heading: RAKESH
dialog: Kyun? Aap mile the na us din. Vidyadhar
dialog: Patil.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Patil nahin. Usne kisi se kharida tha.
dialog: Uska naam kya hai?
speaker_heading: RAKESH
dialog: Pata karna padega. Kyun?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Pata karo. Jaldi Rakesh.
speaker_heading: RAKESH
dialog: Kya problem hai Arunji?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Rakesh, time nahin hai! Jaldi pata karo!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR A SLUM - NIGHT 110
text: Shai is armed with her camera. She follows a man into an
text: alley. He is wearing Municipal khaki shorts and a shirt
text: and carrying a torch and a book.
speaker_heading: BMC MAN
dialog: Yeh area bohot bada hai. Do aadmi rahenge
dialog: yahan.
text: They walk past ramshackle homes, children lying on
text: tatters outside huts, and garbage.
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 79,
speaker_heading: BMC MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Voh dikhta hai ek Worker.
text: There’s a figure in the moonlit shadows ahead. As they
text: approach, the figure is slowly skulking around, as if on
text: a hunt, looking this way and that. The BMC man motions to
text: her to be quiet and watch. The man is carrying a big
text: stick which he holds aloft and suddenly swings it down
text: hard, hitting something again and again. Shai raises her
text: camera and takes a picture on motor drive and the man is
text: illuminated in a surreal strobe like flash, and we see it
dialog: is Munna.
text: The BMC man shines a bright light and Shai sees Munna and
text: he stares at her in shock, his clothes all bloodied, and
text: a mangled rat in his hand.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Munna?
text: She is bewildered to see him there. Munna looks at her,
text: shocked, shame written all over him, and then runs off
text: into the shadows.
speaker_heading: BMC MAN
dialog: Aap isko jaanta hai?
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Munna!
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - MOMENTS LATER 111
text: Munna is running, as if he’s scared Shai will run after
text: him. He looks shocked, he’s almost crying.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) - LATER 112
dialog: Rakesh has called.
speaker_heading: RAKESH
dialog: Haan Arun saab, unka naam Ahmed tha. Last
dialog: year Patil ko becha. Bade jaldi mein tha.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Kahan milega voh?
speaker_heading: RAKESH
dialog: Voh to Dubai migrate ho gaye.
dialog: 113
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Arre unki biwi hai, Yasmin, usse milna
dialog: hai. Address chahiye unka.
speaker_heading: RAKESH
dialog: Unka address to nahin hai Patil ke paas.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Arre kuch to idea hoga! Aaj kal flat lene
dialog: ke liye full paperwork karna padta hai!
dialog: Koi contract to hoga?
speaker_heading: RAKESH
dialog: Nahin Ahmed ko full black mangta tha, to
dialog: Patil ne kisi tarah khila-pila ke
dialog: register karva liya.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Rakesh yeh bohot important hai! Kisi
dialog: tarah pata karo!
speaker_heading: RAKESH
dialog: Kya ho gaya Arunji? Aap koi problem mein
dialog: aa gaye?
text: Arun hangs up in frustration, slumps down on his chair.
text: He throws his head back and closes his eyes. When he
text: opens his eyes he sees the ceiling and notices that one
text: of the fan hooks has no fan on it. He finally realizes
text: what happened, and is shocked. He almost thrashes around
text: helplessly, his grief and shock too much to bear. He
text: stumbles out of the flat where he sees the lady of
text: perpetual blankness sitting with her sad expression. He
text: looks at her and breaks down crying.
scene_heading: EXT. DHOBI GHAT - SAME NIGHT 113
text: Munna sits in the deserted dhobi ghat, by the light of
text: the moon and some street tube light, and stares blankly.
text: His eyes are dark hollows, and the freshly washed white
text: sheets are luminous and fluorescent.
text: A young man comes running in and sees Munna and stops.
text: Munna looks up at him. Its Salim’s younger brother,
text: Karim. He looks at Munna and begins to cry ina
text: bloodcurdling, desperate way. Munna realizes that
dialog: something is very wrong.
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. SALIM’S SLUM ROOM - SAME NIGHT 114
text: Salim lies on the floor of his hut, partially covered by
text: a bloody sheet. Several people sit inside and out, or
text: stand around. Among them is a thickset middle-aged man,
text: powerful looking, with some henchman behind him. He sits
text: prominently in the centre of the room on the only chair
text: there. Salim’s mother sits at his head, dry eyed and
dialog: numb.
text: Munna enters with Karim, and the Bhai looks up at them.
text: The crowd parts as they enter, and the bhai stretches his
text: arms out to Karim, who stiffly goes and gets hugged by
text: him. Munna goes beserk, crying and raging at the same
text: time, and takes his rat-lathi which he’s carrying and
text: attacks the Bhai, cracking the lathi on his head. The
text: Bhai manages to miss the blow to the head but gets hit in
text: his shoulder. Mayhem breaks out as the Bhai’s men
text: intervene and pull Munna away, throw him to the floor and
text: kick and hit him. Munna is sobbing by now, allowing them
text: to hit him. The Bhai pulls his men off and they all
text: leave. Salim’s mother’s face crumples and she cries
text: noiselessly into Munna’s shoulder as he lies there
text: crying, and Karim comes and sits next to them helplessly.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - LATER 115
text: Shai walks around on the empty streets of the night. She
text: looks shaken. At one point she just stops and looks
text: around her, trying to understand where she is.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION - DAWN 116
text: Selva stands at the top of the building with a grey dawn
text: breaking over Bombay.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSLIM CEMETERY - DAWN 117
text: Munna, Karim and a few others are at Salim’s grave. A
text: maulvi says the prayer, and the group stands around the
text: grave with their eyes downcast. Karim is looking calm,
text: and he stands close to Munna, who also looks calm.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINE DRIVE SEAFACE - DAWN 118
text: Arun is sitting by the sea as the first light of day
text: breaks. In his hand he holds Yasmin’s chain with the ring
dialog: which he had worn earlier.
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 82.
text: He fingers the ring, looks at it with affection, brings
text: it briefly to his lips and then throws it into the sea.
text: Then suddenly, as he watches it sink, he changes his
text: mind. He scrambles over the rocks and runs to get it
text: back. He gets into the water. Its murky and cold. He
text: swims around under water until he finally sees it
text: sinking, and in the nick of time manages to catch it.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY 119
text: A wet Arun walks back home through the stirring city,
text: again wearing the chain.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION - DAY 120
text: Our construction worker starts his working day, carrying
text: sand and stones up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. DHOBI GHAT - DAY 121
text: Shai is at the dhobi ghat, sitting alone waiting for
text: Munna. Some dhobi comes early and gets surprised to see
text: her. She asks him where Munna is, but he has no idea.
scene_heading: INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - DAY 122
text: Munna is packing his belongings into his trunk. He
text: carefully takes the poster of Salman down and rolls it
dialog: up.
scene_heading: EXT. TAXI ON STREET - DAY 123
text: Munna, Karim and his mother are in a taxi. The carrier on
text: top and the boot are loaded with things. Munna sits at
text: the back with the other two, looking numb. In front sits
text: a weasley looking man, talking on his cell phone,
text: evidently one of the Bhai’s men.
scene_heading: I/E. NEW APARTMENT - DAY 124
text: Rakesh is showing Arun a new apartment. This is
text: considerably more upmarket.
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: 125 INT. FLAT IN JOGESHWARI - LATER 125
text: Munna and the other two are standing inside an empty 100
text: square feet flat. They look around themselves, and Amma
text: sinks down to sit on the floor.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Chal Karim, saamaan upar le aate hain.
text: They leave. Amma buries her head in her hands, as some
text: curious kids stand at the door and stare at her.
scene_heading: 126 EXT. SLUM STREET - DAY 126
text: Shai is walking through the narrow lane of the slum
text: looking for Munna. People look curiously at her.
scene_heading: 127 INT. ARUN’S NEW APARTMENT - DAY 127
text: Arun is standing in his empty new apartment. He goes over
text: to a bubble-wrapped canvas and tears it open. It is his
text: Yasmin work. He takes it out and puts it up on the blank
text: wall and looks at it.
scene_heading: 128 INT. PRODUCTION OFFICE - DAY 128
text: Munna sits, looking all smart, in front of a production
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: ASLAM
dialog: Yeh to bohut bura hua. Kaise hua?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Dono gang mein kuchh problem ho gayi.
dialog: Apna Salim beech mein phas gaya.
speaker_heading: ASLAM
dialog: Police complaint kiya?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Kahan.. Un log to usi raat Salim ko dafna
dialog: kar, hum log ko idhar Jogeshwari mein ek
dialog: flat mein fit kiya. Aur police bhi kya
dialog: karti, aadha waqt hum log hi udhar thane
dialog: mein baithte.
text: Aslam nods wisely.
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: MUNNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Bhai kucch karo na, koi bhi chhota mota
dialog: role. Kuch bhi. Ab parivar mein main hi
dialog: hoon.
speaker_heading: ASLAM
dialog: Tumko card banvani padegi.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Haan bhai main karta hoon na. Aap jo bhi
dialog: bolo.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLAT (A) LANDING - DAY 129
text: Shai stands facing Arun’s flat, undecided about ringing
text: the doorbell. She is carrying a packet in her hands which
text: has his shirt in it. She rings the bell and waits. No
text: answer. Then she notices that the door has a lock on it.
text: She walks over to the silent lady, who is looking vacant
text: as usual. She smiles and approaches her.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Hello Aunty.
text: The lady just looks at her.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: I wanted to know if I could leave a
dialog: packet for your neighbor Mr. Arun..
text: A lady from down the hall calls out to her.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOUR
dialog: Voh aadmi chala gaya.
scene_heading: EXT. DRYING YARD - DAY 130
text: Shai wanders in with her camera, remembering the time
text: that Munna had brought her there. Suddenly she spots
text: Munna standing with a group of his old friends, talking.
text: He sees her and breaks into a run, and she gives chase.
text: After a bit of a chase, Munna crashes headlong into a
text: dhobi carrying a whole bundle of clothes who roundly
text: curses him. Munna is knocked to the ground, and Shai
text: reaches and sits next to him out of breath. They look at
dialog: each other.
dialog: 131
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: EXT. DRYING YARD - MOMENTS LATER - DAY 131
text: Munna and Shai are sitting on the wall looking at the
text: mottled sky.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Tum bhaag kyun gaye? Us din bhi tum bhaag
dialog: gaye.
text: Munna doesn’t answer. He looks upset.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Kya hua? Aur apni room bhi badli kar di?
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Kahan rehte ho ab?
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Apne khala ke saath.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Accha? Tumhare yahan rishtedaar hain?
dialog: Mujhe nahin maloom tha.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Koi khoon ka rishta nahin hai, voh Salim
dialog: ki ma hai.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Oh. Salim kaisa hai?
text: Munna doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: SHAI (CONT’D)
dialog: Munna? What’s the problem, mujhse gussa
dialog: hai? Aajkal mera phone bhi nahin lete!
dialog: Number badal diya hai kya? Suddenly tumhe
dialog: kya ho...
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Salim mar gaya.
text: Shai is too shocked to reply.
speaker_heading: MUNNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Voh saale bolte hain train ke neeche
dialog: aakar mar gaya. Kameene saale! Maar dala
dialog: mere bhai ko. Maar dala.
text: Shai doesn’t know what to do, as he keeps shaking his
text: head in anger. She puts her hand on his arm, and after a
text: few moments he calms down.
dialog: 132
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Itna sab ho gaya aur tumne mujhe bataya
dialog: hi nahin? Kyun, Munna? Kya hum dost nahin
dialog: hain?
text: Munna laughs a short laugh, almost to himself.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Haan. Hum dost hain.
text: He turns and looks at her with a strange look in his
text: eyes, mocking himself and her. Then he turns to look out
text: to the setting sun.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: Ab Arun bhi nahin mil raha hai. Kahan hai
dialog: voh? Idea hai tumhe?
text: Munna looks at her sadly.
speaker_heading: MUNNA
dialog: Painter saala. Tumhara usspe dil aa gaya
dialog: na?
text: Shai smiles.
speaker_heading: MUNNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Voh gaya hoga apne pehli biwi ke paas.
dialog: Australia. Pata nahin, dono mein phir se
dialog: pyaar ho jayega, bachcha bhi hai...
text: Shai looks away.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE DHOBI GHAT- DAY 132
text: Munna and Shai stand facing each other on the busy
dialog: sidewalk.
speaker_heading: SHAI
dialog: To kabhi phone karna, milna...
text: Munna nods. Shai gives him a quick hug and gets into a
text: cab on the kerb. As she drives off into the rush of
text: evening traffic, Munna looks after her. He walks to a
text: nearby cigarette vendor, buys a cigarette, lights it and
text: smokes it, thinking. Then he suddenly drops his cigarette
text: and runs after her cab. He chases it, pushing past
text: people, getting honked at. He almost catches it ata
text: traffic light, but misses it. He runs across the main
text: road, cars swerving around him, and when there’s a
text: traffic jam finally manages to reach her window. She is
text: shocked to see him, her heart in her mouth.
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 87.
text: He is breathing too hard to say anything. He reaches into
text: his pocket and rifles through the bills, cards, papers
text: etc until he finds a small chit. It has Arun’s name and
text: number on it in Arun’s hand. He hands it to her. She
text: takes it, moved by the enormity of his gesture. She looks
text: at him, he smiles and gives her a wave to carry on. The
text: cabbie takes off as Munna watches and then walks away
text: into the traffic. Shai breaks down and cries.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - DAY 133
text: Vatsala and Arun are in a line at the check-in counter at
text: the international airport. Arun is looking thoughtful. He
text: turns to Vatsala.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Hey V, I’m sorry I can’t come.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: What? What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: I have to go.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: Go where?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: To Malihabad.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: Where?! What’s Malihabad?
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Its in U.P. Its a place famous for
dialog: mangoes.
speaker_heading: VATSALA
dialog: Arun, don’t talk nonsense, you can’t
dialog: just... Arun!!
text: Arun is already walking away.
scene_heading: EXT. S.T. BUS STAND - EVENING 134
text: Selva waits for a bus going to a place in Andhra Pradesh.
text: One bus comes into the stand which is packed, and empties
text: its passengers through one door while there is a small
text: stampede to get in through the other door (of which Selva
text: is part). Out of the people who get out, there is a boy
text: around eighteen carrying a small bag. We follow him as he
text: disappears into a crowd.
dialog: 
