speaker_heading: "MUMFORD"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Lawrence Kasdan
speaker_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET, SMALL TOWN - DAY
text: A freight truck of late 1950's vintage pulls to the side of
text: the road in a small rural town. A handsome, well-built man
text: gets out of the passenger side and thanks the Driver. THE
text: NEWCOMER carries his coat over his shoulder and a beat-up
text: suitcase; he's got a jut jaw and a modified pompadour, his
text: shirtsleeves are rolled all the way up past his biceps. He
text: wipes his brow against the sweltering heat and looks around.
dialog: [Until noted below, this section of the movie is in BLACK &amp;
speaker_heading: WHITE.]
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: I get outta the truck in this two-
dialog: bit town. I got no money and no
dialog: prospects. What I need right now is
text: a stiff drink, a cold shower, and a
dialog: hot broad. I'll take 'em in any order
dialog: they come...
scene_heading: EXT. BOARDING HOUSE - DAY
text: Old three story gothic house in ill-repair beyond a peeling
text: picket fence and a scruffy yard. The sign says -- ROOMS TO
text: RENT. The Newcomer goes in the gate.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: ...Oh yeah, one other thing I need --
text: an angle.
text: He squints through the dirty screen door but sees nothing,
text: then knocks and turns away to survey the neighborhood.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: I was thinking -- if it weren't for
dialog: bad luck, I wouldn't have any luck
dialog: at all...
speaker_heading: LANDLADY (O.S.)
dialog: Can I help you?
text: The Newcomer turns toward the door. Standing there, holding
text: the screen open, is the LANDLADY. She's a knockout in a cheap,
text: small-town way: a cotton dress that buttons down the front
text: and clings with sweat to her generous curves.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: Either my luck had just changed, or
dialog: Fate just bought me another round of
dialog: trouble.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING HOUSE - DAY
text: The Newcomer's POV of the Landlady as she leads him up the
text: narrow, gloomy stairs from the second floor to the third
text: story / attic. She has a Monroe-like sway to her walk. We
text: can barely HEAR her DISTANT, ECHOEY DIALOGUE:
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: ...not very fancy... house needs
dialog: repairs... We haven't had a man around
dialog: here for so long...
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: She kept yammerin' the whole time,
dialog: but her hips were doing all the
dialog: talking...
text: The Landlady reaches the tiny landing at the top of the stairs
text: and opens a door to a squalid room with a bed, bureau and
text: tiny window. The Newcomer has to squeeze by her voluptuous
text: body to get inside and look around. It doesn't take long.
text: His gaze returns to the Landlady who is leaning against the
text: door, chest thrust forward. He focusses on her fingers, toying
text: with the button at her sweat-shiny cleavage.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: It couldn't 'a been any clearer what
dialog: the set-up was. The next move was up
dialog: to me...
text: The Newcomer takes a step in the Landlady's direction --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Don't tell me!
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - (PRESENT) DAY
text: CLOSE-UP of MUMFORD wincing.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (softer)
dialog: -- That's all the time we have.
dialog: Sorry...
dialog: (indicates his watch)
dialog: ...next time.
text: We see Mumford's office: the office of a Psychologist, a
text: therapist with a doctorate. It's modest, comfortable, neat,
text: with a calm, relaxed ambience. [The movie is now in COLOR.]
text: His patient, HENRY FOLLETT, looks nothing like The Newcomer
text: in the soft-core fantasy he's been narrating. Instead, he's
text: a mild-looking pharmacist with glasses and a receding
text: hairline. Only the voice is the same; it's as studly as his
text: fantasy alter-ego. Follett has been lying on a couch, but
text: now has twisted with some irritation to look at Mumford.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: I have eighteen more minutes!
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I don't want to hear any more today.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Mr. Follett, do you trust me or don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: Well, I don't know... I only been
dialog: seeing you --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Without trust, there's no point to
dialog: any of this. You might as well not
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: Now hold on, I didn't say I didn't
dialog: want to come --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Good, then go.
scene_heading: INT. LILY'S CAFÉ- DAY
text: Lunch crowd. Mumford can be seen out the big front window,
text: crossing from the two-story building that houses his office
text: on the main drag of this small town which, oddly enough, is
text: also called Mumford. He comes inside and goes to the counter
text: to pick up some take-out. The Proprietor is a woman around
text: forty named LILY, who talks to him as she works.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: You're early... it's not ready. What
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: My patient had to leave early.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Who was that?
text: She comes over to the register with an order. Mumford is
dialog: am[...] her, likes her a lot.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Does the phrase "nosy" have any
dialog: meaning to you, Lily?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I think it's like... inquisitive.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It was Henry Follett.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: (reacts)
dialog: Man, you see him a lot. And it's
dialog: very wrong to reveal it. Next you'll
dialog: be saying what his problem is.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What do you want to know?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: You're terrible. I'm never telling
dialog: you anything.
text: A Patron passes on the way out.
speaker_heading: PATRON
dialog: Hey, Doc... how's it going?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Fine, Vincent... how's yourself?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: How long you been in this town?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Oh, I don't know...
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Four months, two and a half weeks --
dialog: that's how long.
dialog: (Mumford gives her a
dialog: look)
dialog: And you've already got more patients
dialog: than those other two shrinks combined.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Lily, I don't think even you could
dialog: know that --
text: Lily sees something out the window.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Look at that guy...
text: Mumford turns to look out the window. A young man of about
text: 30, in jeans and a Hawaiian shirt, is skateboarding down the
text: street at high speed, weaving in and out amongst the cars.
text: He zips past the front of the restaurant.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: You know who that is, don't you?
dialog: (Mumford does not)
dialog: You really don't? That's Skip
text: Skipperton, man. He gets himself hit
dialog: by a truck, this whole town shuts
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Oh, so that's him? The Panda Man.
text: LILY hands over Mumford's bagged order, rings it up. Back on
dialog: track:
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: So, what makes you so popular? What's
dialog: your secret?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (takes his bag to go)
dialog: You like me. How come?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Not sure. Let me think about it.
text: Mumford is smiling as he goes out. Another Patron, LIONEL
text: DILLARD, a lawyer, brings his check to Lily, watching Mumford
text: cross the street. Lily can't stand this guy.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: That's the new psychiatrist?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Psychologist. He's not medical.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Probably thinks he's pretty smart.
text: Lily gives him a look as she takes his money.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: An overweight, teenage girl named NESSA WATKINS is on
text: Mumford's couch. She fidgets as she talks and can't decide
text: whether to lie down (so she's looking away from him) or sit
text: up and face him. She plays with an unlit cigarette and keeps
text: taking out a lighter, then stuffing it back in her big, sloppy
text: handbag.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: ...so he already had the tattoo that
dialog: said, "Naomi Forever"... and now
text: they're broken up, see, and he has
dialog: to have it removed. But while the
dialog: scar is still healing, or whatever
dialog: you call it when you have a tattoo
dialog: removed, he meets Chandra. And it's
dialog: serious, immediate love. So in no
dialog: time, he's gone from the most gorgeous
dialog: model in the world to the most
dialog: gorgeous actress in North America.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What do you mean, "in no time"?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: In maybe three or four issues.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Weekly or monthly?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: Monthly! God, how shallow do you
dialog: think Brad is? Why do I waste my
dialog: time telling you this stuff?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Why do you think you tell me, Nessa?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: Don't do that thing...
dialog: (Mumford: what?)
dialog: ...that shrink thing.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It's a big part of the show.
text: She jams the cigarette in her mouth and flames the lighter,
text: but is afraid to actually break his rules.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: You really need to let people smoke
dialog: in here, you know. It's perverse.
dialog: What are they paying you to see me?
dialog: Mumford indicates "nothing".
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: The school board doesn't pay you?
dialog: What kind of deal is that?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It's called pro bono.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: Pro boner?
dialog: (he waits her out)
dialog: Pro bono, huh? For whose good,
dialog: supposedly?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It's my bit for the community.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: Fuck the community.
dialog: (he won't go for it)
dialog: There was this article my friends
dialog: and I read. It was "25 Signs He's
dialog: Great in Bed". It was very
dialog: fascinating.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Where was this?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: Where?... The New York Times. The
dialog: first one was -- "he handles produce
dialog: well." Which we already knew!
dialog: (an expression she
dialog: uses)
dialog: The point is, you have a lot of the
dialog: signs.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You been spying on me in the
dialog: supermarket, Nessa?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: Have women found you attractive?
text: Mumford laughs.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: I knew you wouldn't answer. I've
dialog: been thinking about what you said
dialog: last time. How me trying to lose
dialog: weight -- and constantly not -- is
dialog: like a lot of people with addictions.
dialog: How maybe I can't lose the weight,
dialog: ever...
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Which we already knew...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: That's not quite what I said --
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: It's a really weird thing for a shrink
dialog: to say... and then you said maybe
dialog: people'd be happier if they'd accept
dialog: that some things don't change --
dialog: that it'd be some kind of a relief
dialog: or something...
text: Mumford waits.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: Well, I guess I'm just a dumb bitch,
dialog: but how depressing is that moment --
dialog: the moment when you give up?
scene_heading: EXT. HIKING TRAIL, MOUNTAIN FOREST - MAGIC
text: The last rays of sun are fighting their way through the trees
text: as Mumford comes up the trail he clearly knows very well.
scene_heading: EXT. BIG ROCK LOOKOUT POINT - MAGIC
text: Mumford climbs out on the Big Rock, settles himself on the
text: edge and takes a long drink from a water bottle.
text: WHAT HE SEES: far below at the foot of these hills, lights
text: just twinkling on, is the town of Mumford. He stares at it
text: for several long moments. Then he takes a small headlamp
text: from his pack and fits the straps over his head (it looks
text: like a miner's light). He twists the light on to test it and
text: turns his head to watch the beam move about.
text: WE CUT BACK WIDE. After a beat, Mumford settles back and
text: turns off the light.
scene_heading: INT. SCATTERGOOD'S TAVERN - NIGHT
text: The place is quietly busy with the regulars. Mumford has a
text: favorite spot at the far end of the bar. Right now he's
text: sitting alone, reading the remnants of a newspaper.
text: SKIP SKIPPERTON, the man on the skateboard, comes in. Everyone
text: in the bar is surprised to see Skip in here. Several patrons
text: greet him as he makes his way deeper inside, looking around.
text: He's uncomfortable. He seems relieved when he spots Mumford
text: and heads back there. Mumford doesn't notice Skip waiting
dialog: for his attention.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Hi.
text: Mumford looks up, smiles. Skip offers his hand.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: You're Doc Mumford.
dialog: (Mumford nods)
dialog: Skip Skipperton.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Fine. Okay. Pretty good. I've been
dialog: hoping we'd meet. I've heard a lot
dialog: about you.
text: Mumford waits, friendly. Skip runs out of gas, gets uneasy,
text: glances around.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Do you think we could...? Can I buy
dialog: you a drink?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: [...]
text: LATER. IN A BOOTH near the back. They've been at it a while,
text: but nothing is clear to Mumford, yet. Skip keeps his voice
text: down; he doesn't want anyone else in the bar to hear him.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: ..."Find the need and fill it" my
dialog: dad used to say -- I guess a lot of
dialog: dads say that -- but I did and it
dialog: just took off.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: No kidding... Panda. Where'd that
dialog: come from?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Panda? I've always liked giant
dialog: pandas... I've been to China and
dialog: seen them in the wild. That's the
dialog: kind of thing I can do if I want...
dialog: now. I can do pretty much anything I
dialog: want to do these days.
text: Skip stares into his beer for a moment, as though the thought
text: depresses him. He catches himself and snaps back --
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: So now we make 23% of the modems in
dialog: the market, which is pretty good.
text: Skip glances around, leans in, confidential.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: When I was growing up here, the town
dialog: was about dead. The timber business
dialog: was played out... Panda changed all
dialog: that. Now, just about everybody in
dialog: town either works for the company or
dialog: depends on it somehow. Which is kinda
dialog: the problem...
text: Mumford waits, watches. Skip gets uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Would you like another beer?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Nah... scotch.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: (brightens, like a
dialog: kid)
dialog: Far out. Single malt?
dialog: (gets up)
dialog: Can I pick it?
text: Skip heads off to the bar. Mumford looks around. Everybody
text: is watching.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: LATER. The bar crowd has thinned. Both Mumford and Skip have
text: had a few. In fact, Mumford is now carefully pouring them
text: each another drink from a bottle of Glensomething on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You want me... to be... your friend.
text: Skip beams. Mumford leans forward in the same confidential
text: way Skip did before; he indicates that Skip should lean in
text: too. Mumford is almost whispering --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: But that's not what's really going
dialog: on...
dialog: (Skip is excited)
dialog: ...What's really going on is... you
dialog: have some problems and you want some
dialog: therapy, but you feel it could be
dialog: very bad for Panda Modem stock if
dialog: word got out that you were having
dialog: head problems.
text: Skip confirms that's it.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Can I ask you a personal question?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Of course! That's exactly what I
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Have you thought about getting a
dialog: wife?
text: Skip makes a face and gesture to indicate a large "YES!",
text: but also total frustration and failure.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: When Panda started to happen, I was
dialog: dating women from New York, San
dialog: Francisco, L.A. They came out of the
dialog: woodwork. Models, actresses, venture
dialog: capitalists... These were not the
dialog: kind of girls who were interested in
dialog: me before I hit it... And you know
dialog: what I discovered? I discovered these
dialog: girls did not love me for myself.
dialog: The majority of them didn't even
dialog: like me. But a lot of them would've
text: gladly become Mrs. Skipperton for a
dialog: while. Can you imagine that --
dialog: marrying someone just because they've
dialog: got money?
dialog: Mumford considers that.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I gotta pee.
text: (he gets up, a little
dialog: wobbly)
dialog: Can I ask you something? This town
dialog: is called Mumford... Been that way
dialog: since... 18... 18-0... 18-0...
dialog: (finally remembers)
dialog: ...thirteen! Right?
dialog: (Mumford: if you say
dialog: so)
dialog: Now here's the question -- Your name
dialog: is Mumford, too.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Is that the question?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: You moved here from back East and
dialog: your name is the same as this town.
dialog: Is that right?
dialog: (Mumford shrugs)
dialog: Far out.
text: Skip takes a few steps toward the men's room, then comes
text: back and leans down toward Mumford.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I hope you don't think I want you to
dialog: do this for free. Just because we're
dialog: gonna play it like we're friends,
dialog: doesn't mean I won't pay you like a
dialog: doctor.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I have a lot of money. Do you know
dialog: how much money I've got?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Don't tell me, 'cause I'm not going
dialog: to tell you what I've got.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I've got three big ones.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I'm impressed. I couldn't make three
dialog: million dollars if I lived three
dialog: lifetimes.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: No, no... I have three billion
dialog: dollars.
text: Skip stumbles off to take a leak. Mumford takes a moment to
dialog: digest that. It's difficult.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Mumford is listening to Lionel, the arrogant lawyer who asked
text: about him in the restaurant. Lionel is lying on the couch,
text: talking with enormous energy; he has a serious superiority
text: complex. Mumford can't stand him and the session seems to be
text: lasting an eternity.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: ...so I'm watching Brokaw and they've
dialog: got some astronomer, this little
dialog: limey know-it-all, and he's telling
dialog: how, with this Himball telescope,
dialog: they've discovered there are maybe
dialog: 400 million more galaxies than they
dialog: thought there were. And I guess that's
dialog: supposed to make me feel small? I'm
dialog: supposed to feel insignificant? Is
dialog: that the point? Because I can tell
dialog: you it didn't.
text: Mumfords eyes dart to look at --
text: THE CLOCK on the bookshelf: 2:23
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Lionel, since this is our first
dialog: session together, maybe --
text: Lionel is twisting his neck around painfully to look back at
dialog: Mumford.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: -- you can sit up and look at me if
dialog: you'd like --
dialog: (Lionel waves that
text: off and looks away)
dialog: -- maybe it would be helpful if you
dialog: told me a little about what brought
dialog: you here.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Kind of impatient for a big-time
dialog: headshrinker, aren't you? How 'bout
dialog: you let me explain it my own way...
text: As Lionel goes on, Mumford's eyes again dart toward -- THE
text: CLOCK: still 2:23! Hold on it. Finally, it moves. Mumford's
text: eyes dart toward his desk --
text: A deadly-looking letter opener in the shape of Excalibur
text: stands GLINTING LIGHT in a marble rendition of Arthur's stone.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: ...and in the dream, it's always the
dialog: same, I wake up in my room from when
dialog: I was I kid in Ohio, and I realize
dialog: this is the day of the big exam at
dialog: school...
text: Mumford's head rocks slowly back for a moment as if he's
text: going to drift off. He snaps back to life and stares hard at
text: the top of Lionel's head, where there is a bald spot starting
text: to take hold. The sound of LIONEL'S VOICE begins to echo --
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: ...which is no problem for me, because
dialog: I remembered it was coming and I've
dialog: attended every class, so I'm totally
text: prepared. Then I see myself running
dialog: down the hall at school...
text: MUMFORD'S GLANCE FLASHPANS from Lionel's bald spot to the
text: gleaming letter opener.
text: Mumford closes his eyes. We CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY
text: A boy, unmistakably the Young Lionel, runs down the deserted
text: hallway toward a bright doorway. [LIONEL'S DREAM has a BLUE
speaker_heading: TINT.]
speaker_heading: LIONEL (V.O.)
dialog: ...but it's not really my school --
dialog: and this is very interesting -- it's
dialog: the school from the next district --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: -- Go on!
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL CLASSROOM - DAY
text: Young Lionel comes breathlessly in the classroom door and
text: stares alarmed.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (V.O.)
dialog: And even though I arrive a little
dialog: bit early, everybody's already there.
dialog: But the surprising part is --
text: WHAT YOUNG LIONEL SEES: Everyone in the class, including the
text: Teacher in the front, is naked. The Teacher holds out an
dialog: exam toward Young Lionel.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (V.O.)
dialog: -- I'm the only one who's prepared!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM, MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: ALTHEA BROCKETT, a woman in her forties, sits on the couch
text: reading a mail order catalogue for home furnishings. There
text: are several other catalogues sticking out of her jammed,
dialog: woven carry-all.
text: The door to Mumford's inner office opens with some force.
text: Mumford stands looking back across his office at Lionel, who
text: is getting up from the couch in some confusion.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: -- you crazy? You can't do this!
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Sure I can, Lionel.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: I'm a criminal lawyer -- you think I
dialog: like my clients? I can't stand most
dialog: of them! But I don't kick them out...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: See that sign -- We retain the right
dialog: to refuse service to anyone. I'm not
dialog: going to charge you for this session,
dialog: but I don't want to see you back
dialog: here.
text: Lionel looks around, but there is no such sign. He does spot
text: Althea watching the show from the couch.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Don't you at least have a back door
dialog: I can use?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Come out this way. There's no shame
dialog: in getting a little therapy... is
dialog: there, Althea?
text: Althea stands up, smiling. She thinks Mumford is the bee's
dialog: knees.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: Not at all. It takes guts, Lionel.
text: Lionel steams by them in a black mood.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Maybe some of us don't need this
dialog: crap!
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: And it's the Hubble Telescope, not
text: the Himball Telescope.
text: Lionel bangs out the front door. Mumford motions Althea inside --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Jeez... what an asshole.
text: Althea heads inside, giggling wildly. She can't get enough
dialog: of this guy.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE -DAY
text: Althea is sobbing. Mumford hands her a new Kleenex from the
text: box next to the couch. She wads it with her current one and
text: tries to stop crying. Mumford settles back in his chair,
dialog: patient.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: What do they want from me?
dialog: (more sobbing)
dialog: What have I done that's so wrong?
dialog: (pulling it together)
dialog: They act as though they don't have
dialog: their own peculiar things... They
dialog: do! Believe me. Everybody's got
dialog: something...
dialog: (looks at Mumford)
dialog: Even you probably have things.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Me more than most.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: Why are they ganging up against me?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I'm not sure. But I think they're
dialog: worried about you.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: It's the kids, you know, not Jeremy.
dialog: He had nothing to do with this --
dialog: except pay, of course. He's always
dialog: willing to pay. He's extremely
dialog: generous.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: I'm so humiliated that my own children
dialog: would threaten me.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: How did they threaten you?
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: They said if I didn't get help, they
dialog: wouldn't deal with me any more.
dialog: (a beseeching look)
dialog: What do you think about that?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Good kids.
text: Althea stares at him a long moment. She knows he's right.
text: Tears well up in her eyes and roll down her cheeks. She grabs
text: another Kleenex. In the midst of the torrent she tries to
dialog: talk, but it's undecipherable:
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: Mmmmfffstttubll abbittmm.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Hmm?
text: Althea uses three new tissues to dry up her face.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: I said... you must come out to the
dialog: house for dinner on Thursday.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Really? You think so?
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: Yes. Jeremy will be home for the
dialog: weekend. And you can meet the kids.
text: Mumford considers, then nods his assent.
scene_heading: EXT. MUMFORD'S STREET - MAGIC
text: Mumford hurries up the sidewalk carrying two grocery bags.
text: He's late. The modest houses are close together on this pretty
text: street, which rises out of the main business district, seen
dialog: beyond Mumford.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DUPLEX HOUSE - MAGIC
text: Mumford comes to the house where he lives. He heads down the
text: driveway toward the stairs that lead up to his apartment.
text: The front yard is completely fenced. Lily, the owner of the
text: restaurant, is almost visible in there working among the
text: greenery of a lush garden. Her friendly dog, AINGE, sees
text: Mumford, leaps easily over the fence and does a circle around
text: Mumford, who has no free hand to pet him.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: How ya doin', Ainge? Evenin', Lily.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Doc.
dialog: (doesn't look up)
dialog: Ainge...
text: The dog leaps gracefully back into the yard. Mumford hurries
text: up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S APARTMENT - MAGIC
text: Mumford comes in and puts the bags down on the kitchen
text: counter. He goes directly to the table by his main chair and
text: picks up the TV remote. He switches it on and changes the
text: channel. The opening segment of UNSOLVED MYSTERIES is just
text: beginning. It previews the stories on that evening's episode --
dialog: disappearances and unclosed cases -- with Robert Stack
dialog: hosting.
text: CLOSE ON MUMFORD'S FACE as he watches. Only when the whole
text: show has been previewed does he seem to relax. He leaves the
text: show on as he goes into the kitchen and begins unloading the
dialog: bags.
scene_heading: INT. COOK'S HARDWARE STORE - DAY
text: Mumford is comparing different stepladders. MR. COOK, the
text: sixty-ish proprietor, has been watching from a distance, but
dialog: now --
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Dr. Mumford.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (doesn't really know
dialog: him)
dialog: Mr. Cook.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Could you come with me please?
text: Mystified, Mumford follows Cook through the door into the
dialog: back.
text: BACK OF THE STORE. Cook motions for Mumford to take the seat
text: of honor in the work area, but Mumford prefers to stand.
text: Cook has a little trouble figuring how to start. Finally --
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: I know I shoulda come to your office.
dialog: I was gonna, actually, but then when
dialog: you walked in here today...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: It's my daughter Sofie... she's gotta
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: We're not sure. She's been to all
dialog: kinds of doctors in the city and
dialog: they've said different things. Some
dialog: of 'em are callin' it --
dialog: (wants to get this
dialog: right)
dialog: -- Epstein-Barr virus, and the rest
dialog: are callin' it... Chronic Fatigue
dialog: Symptom...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Syndrome... Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: That's it -- syndrome. So you know
dialog: all about it?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: No... a little. There's a lot of
dialog: debate about it.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Yeah, I got that. Some people think
text: it's all in their heads.
dialog: (more intense)
dialog: It's been so bad she's had to move
dialog: back here to Mumford and live with
dialog: us. And I'm not sure that's the best
dialog: thing, either...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Why's that?
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Oh... a lot of things. Several
dialog: different factors. Will you see her,
dialog: Doctor Mumford?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Sure. Why don't you bring her up to
dialog: my office at 3 tomorrow afternoon.
text: Cook nods, but looks worried.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: I'm not sure she'll come. She's in a
dialog: mood. Do you ever go to somebody's
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Generally that doesn't work out so
dialog: well. It sends the wrong message to
dialog: people who need to make a change.
text: Cook is quick to agree; he doesn't want to make waves. But
text: he's worried.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Mumford is walking up the busy sidewalk carrying his new 5-
text: foot stepladder hooked on his shoulder. Folks greet him.
text: Suddenly Lionel appears in front of Mumford, who stops.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Hello, Lionel.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: You've got to have the right ladder
dialog: for the job. You don't know what
dialog: you're doing, you can get yourself
dialog: in trouble.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You're right, as usual. See you.
text: Mumford continues up the street. We STAY WITH Lionel, who
text: watches Mumford with a sour look, then turns to enter a small
dialog: medical building.
scene_heading: INT. DR. DELBANCO'S OFFICE - DAY
text: DR. ERNEST DELBANCO, a middle-aged psychiatrist with longish,
text: vanity hair, and PHYLLIS SHEELER, a psychologist in her
text: thirties, sit on the doctor's comfortable furniture,
text: listening. The remains of their take-out lunch is on the
text: coffee table. They seem a little impatient with their as-yet-
dialog: unseen visitor --
speaker_heading: LIONEL (O.S.)
dialog: ...completely inappropriate and highly
dialog: unprofessional. Now I don't want to
dialog: presume to tell you how to run your
dialog: businesses --
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: -- practices.
text: Lionel is sitting across the room, making an ardent case --
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: -- Whatever. Six months ago, you two
dialog: were the only games in town. The
dialog: value of your...
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: ..."practices" could be seriously
dialog: undermined by this bozo. A town this
dialog: size has only so many headcases to
dialog: go around.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: What exactly would you have us do,
dialog: Lionel?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Protect your turf! Check this guy
dialog: out. I smell a rat, I tell you.
text: Delbanco and Sheeler exchange a look; they find Lionel
text: distasteful.
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: Mr. Dillard, I'm sure Dr. Delbanco
dialog: shares my gratitude for your concern.
dialog: But I also know he'd agree that you
dialog: misunderstand the nature of our
dialog: calling to mental health. We're not
dialog: in some... widget business, trying
dialog: to crush our competition.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: What the hell's a widget?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE DR. DELBANCO'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Lionel comes out of the office, miffed, and goes down the
text: stairs. A moment later, the door opens slightly and Delbanco
text: peeks out to make sure Lionel is gone. He closes the door on
dialog: us.
scene_heading: INT. DR. DELBANCO'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Delbanco stands at the door looking across the room at
dialog: Sheeler.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: What an asshole!
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: (agrees)
dialog: Ernest, what do you think?
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: I think he's got a point.
dialog: So does she.
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL DIAMOND - DAY
text: Idyllic. The beautifully manicured field is surrounded by
text: lush woods. Standing about forty feet apart, Mumford and
text: Skip are alone on the field throwing a baseball back and
text: forth. For quite a while the only sounds are the birds, the
text: wind, and the regular SLAP of ball into glove. Finally --
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: This is great!
text: SLAP... SLAP.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: This is exactly what I wanted.
text: SLAP... SLAP.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Skip, you must have lots of people
dialog: you can throw a ball with.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: You'd be surprised. Most guys have
dialog: kids or wives or girlfriends. They're
dialog: busy. It's not as easy as you think.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Skip, you're the head of the whole
dialog: deal here. Are they busier than you?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Well, you know... that's the thing.
dialog: Like I said, just about everybody in
dialog: town works for me. And it's just not
dialog: the same asking someone to throw a
dialog: ball when they work for you. It's
dialog: like an order or something... And no
dialog: one -- no one -- asks me.
text: Mumford considers. SLAP... SLAP... SLAP.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: So, would you say we're out here...
dialog: let me think how to put this... Is
dialog: your problem really that you're...
dialog: lonely?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Don't you like this?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Hell yes, I like it. What's better
dialog: than this? Most guys would kill just
dialog: to have someone do this with them
dialog: whenever they like.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Okay then.
dialog: (SLAP... SLAP)
dialog: Have you got a lot of friends?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: ("nope")
dialog: Lily and I talk a bit. You know Lily,
dialog: runs the coffee shop?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: No... I've seen her. Good-looking
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (agrees)
text: She's probably ten years older than
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: (SLAP... SLAP)
text: Good-looking woman.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Lives downstairs from me. She's got
dialog: a great dog named for Danny Ainge.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: (sparks to that)
dialog: Really? I'm the only person I know
dialog: that likes Danny Ainge, outside of
dialog: Celtic fans. Maybe Phoenix.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Well, there's Lily.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Did you know that Danny Ainge was
dialog: drafted by the Blue Jays? Do you
dialog: know what kind of athlete you have
dialog: to be to play in the NBA and in the
dialog: bigs?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Amazing.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Unbelievable...
dialog: (SLAP... SLAP)
dialog: ...And Lily named her dog after him?
dialog: Far out.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What kind of person do you have to
dialog: be to do this?
text: Mumford gestures off in the one direction we have not yet
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: This --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: REVERSE ANGLE: The baseball diamond is sitting in the vast,
text: lush grounds behind the PANDA MODEM WORLD HEADQUARTERS, a
text: brand new, distinctively original, high-tech office park.
dialog: Wherever there is an opportunity for tasteful signage, it is
text: in the motif of a Giant Panda -- sweet white face, black
text: eyes and ears, round body.
text: Skip is suddenly self-conscious, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I would've traded any of it to have
dialog: made the Mumford High varsity.
text: Mumford takes that in. SLAP... SLAP.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: So I guess Henry Follett is a patient
dialog: of yours. He's my pharmacist.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (SLAP... SLAP)
dialog: Guy's got some serious sex fantasies.
text: Skip is a little surprised to hear this from Mumford, but he
text: just throws the ball.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Pretty good, too. Lots of detail.
dialog: Nothing hard core. Old-fashioned
dialog: ones, from back when people cared
dialog: about atmosphere and character.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Problem is, his fantasy life's a lot
dialog: better than his real one. Nothing
dialog: can live up to it. His wife got sick
dialog: of it and left him. Took his kids
dialog: with her.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I wondered what happened to her...
text: Skip is fascinated, but a little uncomfortable. Mumford seems
text: oblivious, unusually talkative --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Of course, it's not that simple.
dialog: There's something powerful going on
dialog: there. We've got a lot of work to
dialog: do.
dialog: (announcer voice)
dialog: It's hit to the warning track!
text: For the first time, Mumford throws the ball way high, like a
text: long fly ball. Skip, delighted as a dog, takes off running
text: and just barely catches it on the run. He pegs it back to
dialog: Mumford.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: In these fantasies, Henry Follett is
text: played by a handsome guy with biceps.
dialog: Can you imagine that? Where your
dialog: self-esteem has to be?
dialog: (throws him the ball)
dialog: Man, I'd just like to move the guy
text: to the point where he gets to appear
text: in his own fantasies.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Silence. Nessa sits staring at Mumford defiantly, an unlit
text: cigarette in her mouth. Mumford looks at the clock -- 3:00 --
text: and stands up, session over. Nessa quickly lights her
text: cigarette with the lighter concealed in her hand and stands
text: up too. She exhales a huge cloud of smoke and walks quickly
text: to the back door of the office, which Mumford has opened for
text: her, and goes out.
text: Mumford waves half-heartedly at the cloud of smoke as he
text: walks to the door to the waiting room and opens it.
text: MUMFORD'S POV: As the door swings open, the first figure we
text: see is Mr. Cook; he twists around at the sound of the door.
text: He acknowledges Mumford and then sighs as he steps aside to
text: reveal, sitting exhausted in a chair, his daughter --
text: SOFIE -- a young woman whose actual appearance is somewhat
text: disguised at present by her wan, ashen visage. She regards
text: Mumford with some resignation. Her father helps her out of
text: the chair. Sofie keeps her eyes on Mumford.
text: CLOSE ON Mumford, watching her.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: LATER. Mr. Cook is gone. Sofie is sitting up on the couch,
text: facing Mumford. She looks like she might pass out at any
text: moment, but her voice is stronger than you'd expect.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Feel free to lie down. Most people
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I'd better not, I'll fall right to
dialog: sleep. I think it's too soon for me
dialog: to be sleeping with you.
text: A joke. Mumford smiles.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What can you tell me about this?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Oh, lord. It's almost too exhausting
dialog: to tell you...
dialog: (tiny smile, to herself)
dialog: ...about my exhaustion. I didn't
dialog: really want to come. I'm not hopeful
dialog: right now. But I couldn't take the
dialog: look on my dad's face. He's a truly
dialog: kind person, which is pretty
dialog: extraordinary if you knew the story.
dialog: He's the opposite of me, I guess --
text: all stamina and resolve.
text: It's taken all her energy to say this and she sinks down a
text: bit into the couch.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: When did you start to feel this way?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: About six months ago, I guess it is
dialog: now. God, it seems like years. What
dialog: a bore! I'm embarrassed by it. Before
dialog: this happened -- when I'd hear people
dialog: talk about this kind of thing -- I
dialog: thought it was a bunch of bullshit.
text: She sees something in his face and suddenly laughs -- it's a
text: weak but magical sound.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: You think that now! You think it's a
dialog: bunch of hooey, don't you?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (unconvincing)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I saw it. I saw it in your eyes.
text: Mumford is knocked off balance -- she's right. She saw him
dialog: clearly.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: That's okay. Maybe it is. My mother
dialog: always says -- "Everything that's
dialog: wrong with you is in your head." I
dialog: suppose that's true.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Back when this started, was there
dialog: anything unusual happening in your
dialog: life? A change of job, of living
dialog: situation... a loss of some kind?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: No... but it started one year to the
dialog: day after my divorce became final.
dialog: That's not too suspicious, is it?...
dialog: But it wasn't like I was feeling bad
dialog: about the divorce. Just the opposite.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Hmm.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Hmm? Is that a professional opinion?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Hmm, as in -- that's interesting.
dialog: Sometimes, with enough clues, it's
dialog: possible to figure these things out.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Even if you don't think it's real?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I don't know what's real and what
dialog: isn't. That's never been my strong
dialog: suit. But if you're tired all the
dialog: time and you've had to give up the
dialog: life you were having and come back
dialog: home when you didn't want to... that's
dialog: worth trying to fix. Maybe I can
dialog: help you do that.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: What would you do?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: We... we would try several things.
dialog: But I need to see you a lot.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I don't know. I barely made it today.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I'll come to you. We'll try a little
dialog: walking.
text: Sofie suddenly looks defeated.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: We'll take it slow. You'll never
dialog: feel you can't handle it.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I don't think I can afford it. I
dialog: don't want my dad paying.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: We'll work it out.
text: Sofie gives him a long look.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: You have the best answer for
dialog: everything.
dialog: (Mumford shrugs)
dialog: You seem so... hopeful. Are you always
dialog: this sunny?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: No one ever thought so. You must
dialog: bring it out.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Is it contagious? 'Cause everyone
dialog: agrees my immune system's way down.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Maybe you'll catch it.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Can I ask you something?
dialog: (Mumford: of course)
dialog: Didn't you tell my dad you didn't
dialog: think it was a good idea to come to
dialog: the patient?
dialog: (he admits it)
dialog: So what changed?
text: Mumford just smiles. He doesn't want to tell her the truth --
dialog: everything.
scene_heading: EXT. BROCKETT HOUSE - MAGIC
text: A taxi drops Mumford in front of the Brockett's large and
text: beautiful house, which sits on an isolated lot on the
text: outskirts of town.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY TO BACK VERANDA, BROCKETT HOUSE - MAGIC
text: Althea leads Mumford toward the back of the lavishly appointed
dialog: house. The weird thing, what gets in the way of the decor,
text: is the cardboard boxes of all sizes which are stacked
text: everywhere. Many are unopened, but the rest are spilling
text: their styrofoam-nugget and bubble-wrap guts to reveal some
text: hint of their contents: a huge variety of catalogue-ordered
text: housewares, clothing, linens, gadgets, and knickknacks. If
dialog: it can be ordered from an upscale catalogue (and everything
text: can), it is here. Althea sounds very nervous, cheery.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: -- sorry everything's in such an
dialog: uproar. Lots of big occasions coming
dialog: up, and of course Christmas is only
dialog: eight months away --
dialog: (giggles uncontrollably)
dialog: -- I don't know what's keeping Jeremy.
dialog: You know he stays in the city three
dialog: nights a week -- I guess I explained
dialog: that...
dialog: (Mumford nods)
dialog: ...I know Katie's here, but I'm not
dialog: so sure about Martin... I'm making
dialog: dinner myself tonight, so I'll have
dialog: to leave you, I'm afraid...
scene_heading: EXT. REAR VERANDA, BROCKETT HOUSE - MAGIC
text: They come out onto the wide porch, which commands a
text: spectacular view of the surrounding countryside. There's an
text: elaborate bar cart out here, which Althea points Mumford
dialog: toward.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: I'm awful I know, but will you please
dialog: help yourself. I just got a new copper
dialog: sauciere from Williams-Sonoma and
dialog: I'm afraid it'll be the death of us
dialog: all if I don't get back in there...
text: She disappears inside with a bang of the screen door. Mumford
text: gets a drink for himself, taking in the view. He sees
dialog: something out there.
text: MUMFORD'S POV: Way in the distance, coming out of the woods
text: and down toward the house is a teenage boy.
speaker_heading: KATIE (O.S.)
dialog: You're the doctor, aren't you?
text: Mumford turns to see that Althea's thirteen year old daughter
text: KATIE has silently appeared. Her jeans and little tee-shirt
text: are meant to be sexy; it seems sad on her. Mumford nods.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You must be Katie. People call me
dialog: Doc.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (motioning urgently)
dialog: C'mere. Quick... c'mon!
text: Mumford follows as she disappears around the corner of the
dialog: porch.
scene_heading: INT. SIDE HALL, BROCKETT HOUSE - MAGIC
text: Mumford follows Katie into a gloomy hall from a side entrance.
text: Here too, the walls are lined with boxes. She tiptoes to one
text: of two facing doors and waits for him.
text: When he has joined her, she motions him back a foot for
text: safety, then carefully opens the door to a large walk-in
text: closet. Katie's caution becomes understandable: the space is
text: packed so fully and chaotically with catalogue item cartons
text: that it might come tumbling out the door with one careless
text: move. Katie closes the door, then pirouettes to the opposing
text: door, which she swings open freely -- REVEALING: what was
text: once a study is now completely filled with hundreds of
text: cartons, in an infinite variety of shapes and sizes.
text: Mumford is taken aback. Katie points at packages and speaks
text: in a hypnotic WHISPER --
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Cuddledown... Linen &amp; Lace... Scully
dialog: &amp; Scully... Smith &amp; Hawken... Plow &amp;
dialog: Hearth... Museum of Modern Art...
dialog: Smithsonian Museum... J. Crew...
dialog: Wolferman's... Hold Everything...
dialog: Nieman Marcus... Coldwater Creek...
dialog: Garnett Hill... Norm Thompson...
dialog: Victoria's Secret... Sharper Image...
dialog: Hammacher Schlemmer...
scene_heading: EXT. REAR VERANDA, BROCKETT HOUSE - MAGIC
text: Just as Mumford and Katie come back around the corner, MARTIN,
text: Althea's sixteen year old son, crosses the yard and comes up
text: onto the porch. He's wearing an old black leather jacket
text: with a lot of zippers, dirty jeans and black Converse All-
text: Stars that are coming apart. In his hand, casually but
text: properly held, is a .22 caliber rifle. He looks Mumford over.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Is this him?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I showed him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to Mumford)
dialog: Do you get it now? This is no joke.
text: Mumford takes them both in and nods. He understands. Suddenly,
text: their manner changes, for the worse. What they can see that
text: Mumford cannot is JEREMY BROCKETT, Althea's husband, who has
text: come to the back screen door, with the bustle of a late
dialog: arrival.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Hey, kids. Oh, hi.
text: Seeing Mumford, Jeremy steps out onto the porch to shake his
text: hand. Jeremy is quite handsome and a fantastic dresser; his
text: Armani outfit cost $4200 all in. His tone: hearty and strained --
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You must be Dr. Mumford of Mumford.
dialog: Jeremy Brockett.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Doc. Nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Sorry I'm late... traffic was a
dialog: motherfucker. Have another drink,
dialog: I'll be back in five.
text: Jeremy goes inside. Martin and Katie exchange a look with
text: each other, then to Mumford. Martin goes inside.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. REAR VERANDA, BROCKETT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: LATER. Dinner is over. Jeremy comes out onto the veranda
text: carrying two Cuban cigars. His casual outfit is as stylish
text: and pricey as his work outfit. He joins Mumford and Althea,
text: who immediately gets up.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: I'll be back.
text: She goes inside. The men each have a snifter of cognac. Jeremy
dialog: makes a ceremony of cutting the cigars --
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I think you'll like this. Know much
dialog: about Cuban cigars?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Nope.
text: Jeremy puts the cigars down, pulls a joint out of his cashmere
text: pullover and fires it up. After exhaling a huge cloud of
text: smoke, he offers the joint to Mumford, who declines.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Makes the whole thing that much
dialog: better.
text: Jeremy takes another hit on the joint and puts it down. He
text: gives a cigar and his gold lighter to Mumford, who begins to
dialog: light up --
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Just hold the flame a little bit
dialog: below the end... that's it... now
dialog: just turn it slowly as you draw...
text: Mumford does as he's told. Jeremy lights his own cigar.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Are you a man who likes to treat
dialog: himself right?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I've had my moments.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I am. And I'm not ashamed of it.
dialog: Nobody ever said on their death bed --
dialog: "I treated myself too well."
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I thought it was -- Nobody ever said,
dialog: "I should have spent more time at
dialog: the office."
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Fill in the blank. I don't mind the
dialog: office. The point is, you only go
dialog: 'round once. Like the Zens say -- Be
dialog: here now.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Althea hasn't told you?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (no)
dialog: We've been talking about her, mostly.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Well, in '85 four of us left our
dialog: firms and formed an investment banking
dialog: venture. We've got twenty-three people
dialog: working there now.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You've done well.
text: The marijuana is kicking in now -- Jeremy gets a self-
text: satisfied, condescending look on his face that no straight
dialog: mind would dare. His response includes their lavish immediate
dialog: surroundings--
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: We've done... very well. You know
dialog: anything about addiction, Doc?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: A little.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Well, I'm addicted to winning. I say
dialog: when you're in the red zone, you
dialog: gotta score.
dialog: (watches Mumford smoke)
dialog: So what do you think?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Tastes good.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: No... I mean about Althea. About
dialog: her...
dialog: (makes a face)
dialog: ...behavior. Do you think you can
dialog: fix her up?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What do you think's wrong with her?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: She's gone weird is what's wrong
text: with her. Out of control. Probably
dialog: from living out here in Mayberry.
text: Jeremy blows cigar smoke into his snifter, then takes a
text: mouthful of cognac, savoring the sensations. Mumford watches,
dialog: fascinated by this guy.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You're the doctor, what do you think?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
text: She seems very unhappy.
text: Jeremy gives him a look, as if to say "duh."
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I think we all knew that, professor.
dialog: The question... the real --
dialog: (drawn out, stoned)
dialog: -- quest-tio-nee... is... why?
text: Mumford looks at him a long time.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD INTO MUMFORD - NIGHT
text: Jeremy Brockett's Mercedes 500 SL whips around a curve.
scene_heading: INT. BROCKETT'S MERCEDES - NIGHT
text: Martin is driving Mumford back to town.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: But you know how to drive?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Got a license?
dialog: (yes)
dialog: But no car?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Don't need it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I just got my license two weeks ago.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You're good.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I been drivin' since I was twelve.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: That would explain it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Can you help Mom?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I'm trying.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (intense)
dialog: Got to.
text: They drive in silence for a bit. Then --
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Nessa Watkins... She comes to you,
dialog: doesn't she? You're treating her,
dialog: right?
text: Mumford gives him a surprised look, then acknowledges it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What's wrong with her?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Is she a friend of yours?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No... sort of. Man, she could be
text: cool, but all she does is get wrecked
dialog: and do all the guys. She's blowin'
text: them in the parking lot.
dialog: Mumford knew that.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: A person's got to hate themselves to
dialog: act like that.
text: Mumford regards Martin with respect, then turns to look out
text: front. After a few moments --
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Have you ever met a bigger shithead
dialog: than my stepfather?
scene_heading: EXT. THE DUPLEX HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Lily is walking Ainge as the Mercedes pulls up and Mumford
text: gets out. Ainge runs happily around the car and puts his
text: paws up on the driver's door to greet Martin; we HEAR the
text: clicking SCRATCH of his nails on the surface. Martin rubs
text: the dog's head.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Ainge!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That's okay. Jeremy won't mind. Good
dialog: dog.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Ainge!
text: The dog obediently leaves Martin and runs back to Lily.
text: Mumford waves as Martin pulls away.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: (to Ainge)
dialog: Do we run into the street? No, I
dialog: didn't think so.
dialog: (looks after Martin)
dialog: Nice car. How's that place?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It's a pretty piece of land.
text: They walk up the block with the dog.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: And the Brocketts?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Horror show. What'd you do tonight?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: It was insane here, man. 'Hadda call
text: in the National Guard.
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Then I did my laundry... watched
dialog: 20/20.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: ...And?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Shocking. Did you know the government
dialog: is wasteful?
dialog: (Mumford reacts)
dialog: You heard it here first. Oh, and
dialog: being a supermodel... it's no walk
text: in the park.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Why do you watch?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: No gentleman caller, Doc.
dialog: (they turn back)
dialog: Not that I care. I've had it with
dialog: men. They're so fascinated by their
dialog: own crap. Took me four years to get
dialog: the last one out. Almost turned me
dialog: into a dyke... These days my idea of
dialog: a hot date is a long shower by myself
dialog: before bed. Now that feels good. And
dialog: you don't have to do all that...
dialog: listening.
text: Mumford laughs.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Oops... sorry. I guess that's the
dialog: story of your life.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
scene_heading: TIGHT ON COMPUTER SCREEN. A health information "library"
text: website has been called up on Mumford's office computer.
text: Right now it's beginning to spew information about "CHRONIC
scene_heading: FATIGUE SYNDROME" -- Definitions, Signs and Symptoms,
dialog: Diagnostic Measures, etc.
text: Mumford is hunched over the computer, reading avidly. His
text: printer is churning out hard copies.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH, COOK HOUSE - DAY
text: Mumford comes out the front door and holds it open for Sofie.
text: He offers his arm and she takes it tentatively.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I'm not making any promises.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: We'll turn back anytime you want.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: (seeing something)
dialog: Oh boy... this should be interesting.
text: Mumford looks out toward the street. A woman in her fifties
text: is turning into the front walk. She stares at them, unsmiling,
text: as the two parties converge. She is MRS. COOK.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Hello, Mother. I want you to meet
dialog: Dr. Mumford.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: Mumford... like the town?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (offering his hand)
dialog: Yes. It's nice to meet you, Mrs.
dialog: Cook.
text: She finally takes his hand, but it's not friendly.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: What's happening here?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: We're going for a walk.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: Do you think that's a good idea?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Dr. Mumford does, yes. I've put myself
dialog: completely in his hands. For today,
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: What kind of doctor are you?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Ph.D., psychologist.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: Oh... not a real doctor.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: That's right, the fake kind.
text: Mrs. Cook is not amused. Sofie pulls on Mumford.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: We'd better go or I'm liable to bail
dialog: on the whole thing.
text: Mrs. Cook steps aside as they move up the walk.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK, NEAR THE COOK HOUSE - DAY
text: Mumford and Sofie, foreground, walk slowly up the block. In
text: the background, Mrs. Cook watches for awhile before going
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Mom's such a cutie.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: People usually have to get to know
dialog: me before they hate me.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
text: She's not in a bad mood. She's like
dialog: that all the time.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: It doesn't bother me anymore. It's
dialog: my dad and my brother I worry about.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Maybe... but you're the one whose
text: ass is dragging.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Is that the technical description of
dialog: what I've got?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Is she against you getting help?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: We don't discuss it.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
text: Something's bothering her.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Oh, we've all disappointed her. Me,
dialog: especially, but Dad, of course. She
dialog: thinks my brother's all right, but
dialog: she didn't expect much. It's what
dialog: happens when you "marry beneath
dialog: yourself"...
text: Sofie suddenly seems to be fading.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Please... forgive me.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Negative thinking makes everything
dialog: more difficult. If you're going to
dialog: have enough strength to do this, we
dialog: have to talk only about positive
dialog: things. All right?
text: She looks at him, unsure if he's serious. It seems so corny.
text: But she agrees.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Okay then... Are you positive your
dialog: mother's a bitch?
dialog: (she laughs, surprised)
dialog: Just kidding.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: You've got a funny idea of funny.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (seems worried)
dialog: I've offended you!
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Really? What would it take?
text: She laughs again; surprised again. He's got her off balance
text: makes a "rim shot" sound.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Is this the treatment?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Sorry... I'm done.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: 'Cause I'll tell you, none of the
dialog: others have tried this approach.
text: They've come to the corner. He gestures to ask -- "shall we
text: cross?" She considers for quite a while, gauging her strength,
text: then, still on his arm, steps off the curb --
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: (absurdly unconvincing)
dialog: Hey, 'Just do it!'
text: THEY CROSS OUT OF FRAME as we HEAR:
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (O.S.)
dialog: I want you to tell me all your
dialog: symptoms.
scene_heading: EXT. PATH BY RIVER - DAY
text: ANOTHER DAY. They're dressed differently. Sofie seems more
dialog: vigorous.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I'm embarrassed. The list is so long.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Be specific.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Well... I'm tired all the time,
dialog: obviously. I always feel like taking
dialog: a nap. But when I try to sleep, I
dialog: have trouble.
dialog: (Mumford nods)
dialog: My muscles ache. And my joints. I
dialog: feel like an old person, or like I
dialog: did back when I used to work out too
dialog: hard... What else?...
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: CLOSE ON COMPUTER SCREEN. Under the list of Signs and
dialog: Symptoms: "Sore throat."
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Sore throat?
speaker_heading: SOFIE (V.O.)
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: ON THE SCREEN: "Low grade fever... Painful lymph glands...
dialog: Irritability..."
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Low grade fever?
scene_heading: EXT. PATH BY RIVER - DAY
text: Sofie nods.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Painful lymph glands?
dialog: (yes)
dialog: Forget fulness... irritability...
dialog: depression?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Yes, yes, and definitely yes. Also...
dialog: I get confused.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Yeah, most people have that. It's
dialog: confusing here.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Life.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC FIELD - DAY
text: ANOTHER DAY. Mumford is leading Sofie through the lightest
dialog: set of calisthenics ever devised. Now they're doing waist
text: bends and arm waving. Even so, it's taking everything Sofie's
dialog: got.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I don't know if I mentioned the
dialog: headaches.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Did you get headaches before this?
dialog: (Sofie: yes)
dialog: But you get more now? Or more severe?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: No, not really. They're about the
dialog: same. My marriage was one long
dialog: headache.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: So the headaches may not even be a
dialog: part of this?
text: She considers that, reluctantly agrees.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I can give myself a headache
dialog: instantly.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Is that like a party trick?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: All I have to do is have two
dialog: conflicting thoughts at the same
dialog: time... Like I'll think -- 'Taking
dialog: these walks is going to help Sofie
dialog: get better.' But then I'll also think --
dialog: 'Mumford, you just enjoy taking these
dialog: walks and you're kidding yourself
dialog: about the benefits.'
text: Sofie's not sure how to take that. She looks away.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: There... I've given myself a real
dialog: whopper.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: You actually address yourself by
dialog: name in your thoughts?
dialog: (Mumford laughs)
dialog: So you really think having two
dialog: opposing ideas in your head does
dialog: some kind of damage?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Sometimes, yeah... pulling in two
text: different directions at once. It
dialog: makes tiny little tears in our fabric.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Well then, my life has been some
dialog: kind of huge rip.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING HOUSE (IN HENRY FOLLETT'S FANTASY) - DAY
text: The handsome Newcomer of Follett's fantasy comes down the
text: steps from the attic wearing a sleeveless undershirt, towel
text: thrown over his shoulder. He goes into the bathroom off the
text: second floor hall and begins to wash up. [Again, Follett's
dialog: fantasy world is in BLACK &amp; WHITE.]
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: The town was a rube's heaven, but I
dialog: found work my first day out down at
dialog: Old Man Sutter's gas station and
dialog: diner. I knew his stacked young wife
dialog: was going to be a problem, but, hey,
dialog: life is full of problems. Back at
dialog: the boarding house, I was washing up
dialog: when I heard a load of yellin' and --
text: IN THE BATHROOM MIRROR, the Newcomer's POV: a nubile teenager,
text: 17 going on 35, in a tight cheerleader's outfit, comes up
text: the stairs and stops at the top to turn and yell back down
text: at her mother. Her dialogue distant and echoey:
scene_heading: LANDLADY'S DAUGHTER
dialog: ...get off my case! You don't like
dialog: any of my friends...
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: ...I got my first look at the
dialog: landlady's daughter.
text: The LANDLADY'S DAUGHTER looks up and sees the Newcomer
text: watching her through the half-open bathroom door. She gives
text: him a petulant, white-hot look, then turns on her heel and
text: goes into her room at that end of the hall. She bangs her
text: door behind her, but it bounces open again about a foot. The
text: Newcomer, still watching in the bathroom mirror, now has a
text: view of the bureau mirror in the Landlady's Daughter's room.
text: In there, seemingly oblivious, the girl quickly strips off
text: the top of her outfit, revealing a '50's-era white bra.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: Lucky for me, she was plenty upset
dialog: but not too careful.
text: Suddenly, in mirror reflection of mirror, the Landlady's
text: Daughter meets the Newcomer's smoldering stare and her lip
text: begins to curl.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: Or maybe it wasn't an accident at
dialog: all --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Mr. Follett.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: -- 'cause in that instant I saw the
dialog: beginning of a vixen's smile and I
dialog: knew --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Henry!
text: Mysteriously, the door to the girl's bedroom slams shut,
text: cutting off the Newcomer's view. He looks with surprise into
text: his mirror -- it suddenly shatters.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Follett sits up abruptly on the couch and twists toward
text: Mumford, agitated.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Stop now.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: Why? I'm paying for this.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Not for this. Not me, you're not.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: (challenging)
dialog: You find it distasteful, don't you?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It doesn't matter how I feel about
dialog: it. It's how you feel about it that
dialog: matters.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: I enjoy it. Does that make me some
dialog: kind of pervert? Just because a man
dialog: has a rich imaginative life --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You didn't come to me because you
dialog: have a rich imagination.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You came because it's taking over.
dialog: You're in its grip.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: I never said that.
text: Mumford's tone suddenly picks up a touch of steel.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Where's your wife, Henry?
text: Follett flinches, settles back down onto the couch, sulking.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Where's your wife, Henry?
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: Go to hell.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (softer)
dialog: I didn't hear you.
text: Follett mutters something to himself, then is silent until --
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: We got divorced.
dialog: (petulant)
dialog: I had to get rid of her. She couldn't
dialog: satisfy me.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (shouts, Follett jumps)
dialog: What?!
text: Follett seems to shrink in size. They've been here before
dialog: and he doesn't like it.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I was... never satisfied.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (normal again)
dialog: Now we're back on track.
text: Again, Follett says something under his breath.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: You are so mean.
scene_heading: EXT. HIKING TRAIL - MAGIC
text: Mumford strides up the trail on his late day excursion. He
text: comes around a bend and is surprised to find Skip waiting
text: for him, looking serious.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Hey, Skip.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Doc. I know we're not supposed to
dialog: get together till Wednesday...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: That's all right. What's on your
dialog: mind?
text: Mumford indicates that Skip should walk with him up the trail.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: How many sessions have we had now,
dialog: Doc?
dialog: (Mumford tries to
dialog: remember)
dialog: Six. And it's been good... like we
dialog: were two buddies hanging out. Just
dialog: shootin' the shit.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Yep.
text: They walk in silence for a while.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: This is really hard. Everything I
dialog: want to say is hard...
scene_heading: EXT. BIG ROCK LOOKOUT POINT - MAGIC
text: Mumford and Skip come out of the trees, climb onto the big
text: rock, and settle down. The sun is falling over the town of
dialog: Mumford.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: ...We're like friends, almost... who
dialog: trust each other.
text: He checks Mumford's reaction. Mumford nods, offers Skip water,
text: who turns it down. Mumford takes a swig.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I want to tell you something, Doc,
dialog: but before I do, I need to ask you a
dialog: question... Because, for me to tell
dialog: you this thing -- well, I haven't
dialog: told anybody about this. It's the
dialog: biggest secret I've got.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Sometimes it's best to keep a few
dialog: things just for ourselves.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: You're a shrink, Doc. Aren't I
dialog: supposed to be able to tell you
dialog: everything?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It's just a thought.
text: Skip, even more unsure now, looks away, at the town below.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: That really relates to the thing I
dialog: want to ask you... I've noticed that
dialog: sometimes, not a lot, but sometimes,
dialog: when we're hanging out, throwin' the
dialog: ball... or that time we went
dialog: bowling... sometimes you'll like --
dialog: (gets it out fast --)
dialog: -- tell me things about your other
dialog: patients.
text: Mumford lets that hang a few moments, then acknowledges it
text: silently. Now Skip is even more nervous.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Hey, maybe that's all right! I don't
dialog: know all that much about psychology
dialog: or therapy or... ethics, so maybe
dialog: there's something I missed... or
dialog: something...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You're concerned that maybe I can't
dialog: be trusted with a secret.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I trust you. Definitely. No question.
dialog: But, yeah, I'm a little concerned. I
dialog: mean, you're not supposed to tell
dialog: anyone about your patients'
dialog: problems... are you?
text: Mumford looks at Skip for a long moment.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: That is correct, Skip. I'm going to
dialog: have to take a long look at that.
text: The conversation seems to end there. Skip's not sure where
dialog: to go next. Finally --
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Yeah, well... what I was gonna tell
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: -- Skip. Knowing what you do about
dialog: me --
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Doc, I trust you! You've listened to
dialog: me better than anybody... maybe ever.
dialog: (leans in, intense)
dialog: And this secret I've got, I can't
dialog: stand it anymore. I don't know if
dialog: I'm some kind of --
text: Skip looks around at the darkening woods, though clearly
dialog: there's no one around.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: -- I don't know if I'm a pervert or
dialog: what. It's taken me this long to get
dialog: where I can come out and say it... I
dialog: can't back away now. I can't spend
dialog: another day not knowing if I'm nuts.
text: Skip closes his eyes for a second and gathers himself.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: All right, I'm just gonna tell you,
dialog: as simple and direct as I can.
dialog: (one last spasm of
dialog: doubt)
dialog: And you understand that this is a
dialog: big secret? Just between us?
dialog: (Mumford does)
dialog: Okay. You know I've got this gift
dialog: for certain kinds of... machines.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You are Panda, monarch of modems.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: That's right. And you also know that
dialog: even though I make 23% of the modems
dialog: in the world... I cannot make one
dialog: simple connection with any woman who
dialog: could truly love me.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Okay... let's say that, for now.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: It's true, believe me. So... do you
dialog: know what I've been doing, all alone,
dialog: in my workshop, for almost two
dialog: years?... Mr. Find-the-Need-and-Fill-
dialog: It. How I spend my every solitary
dialog: hour?
text: Mumford shakes his head, "no."
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Guess.
dialog: (Mumford demurs)
dialog: Go ahead, guess!
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (if he must)
dialog: Jerking off?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: No!... Although that's a good guess.
dialog: No, what I've been working on, what
dialog: the world really needs and no one
dialog: has been able to create --
dialog: (leans in, whispering)
text: -- a virtually life-like, humanoid,
dialog: gender-specific, anatomically
dialog: functional... sexual surrogate slash
dialog: companion.
text: Mumford tries to put that all together. Finally --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Slash what?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Sexual surrogate... slash...
dialog: companion.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: A doll?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: No, Doc, not a doll. I am Panda. I'm
dialog: talking about much, much more than a
dialog: doll. The world has never seen what
dialog: I'm talking about... except maybe in
dialog: the movies.
text: Mumford considers that a long time, watching as the sun
text: finally sinks below the horizon. He looks back at Skip.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: How's it coming?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: You don't think I'm insane?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: ("no")
dialog: And that's your secret?
dialog: (Skip: "yes")
dialog: You meant -- like a trade secret?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: No, Doc, a private secret! It's
dialog: perverted, it's pitiful. What am I --
dialog: Dr. Frankenstein? Aren't you repulsed?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Sounds like kind of a good idea.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: (nonplussed)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Definitely.
text: It's getting dark fast now. Mumford reaches into his bag and
text: takes out the headlamp we saw earlier. He fits the straps
text: carefully over his head.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Skip, that's not much of a secret.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: It's not?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Oh, it's okay. It's just not something
dialog: to be ashamed of. Maybe you don't
dialog: want people knowing -- and believe
dialog: me, it's safe with me -- but on the
dialog: scale of dirty little secrets, I'd
dialog: give it, say... a two.
text: Mumford twists the headlamp and the light shines out in the
text: dusk. Mumford turns the beam directly at Skip.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You want to know a secret? I'll tell
dialog: you a secret. Since it's just between
dialog: us and all...
text: Skip, hanging on every word now, agrees emphatically.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: The secret, Skip, is this -- I am
dialog: not now, nor have I ever been... a
dialog: psychologist.
text: At first, Skip thinks he's misunderstood Mumford. But in the
text: huge silence that ensues, he replays it and knows he's heard
text: right. Mumford looks around, adjusts his headlamp, and gets
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: We'd better get going. Just follow
dialog: my light. And, Skip, watch your step.
scene_heading: EXT. MUMFORD'S PORCH, THE DUPLEX HOUSE - NIGHT
text: This porch is directly above Lily's porch. Mumford and Skip
text: sit nursing beers. There's a cooler on the floor. Mumford's
text: legs are propped up on the porch railing
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Who else knows?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Just you.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: It's time you did some talkin', Dr.
dialog: Mum -- Wait a minute. That is your
dialog: name, isn't it?
text: Mumford takes a drink of beer.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Damn! What is your name?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Doesn't matter. You can call me Doc.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: It matters to me.
dialog: Mumford gestures: "sorry, no can do."
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I've told you a lot of private stuff.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I can tell you anything else.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: What about everything? How did this
dialog: happen?
text: Mumford looks at Skip, considering. He takes a long pull
text: from his beer, then looks at the frosty bottle.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Did you know that every species of
dialog: mammal has found some way to drug,
dialog: inebriate, or anestnetize itself?
text: Even if it's just banging its head
text: against a rock. Seems to be some
dialog: natural urge... to get away for a
dialog: while.
dialog: (one more look at
dialog: Skip)
dialog: I've had it for as long as I can
dialog: remember. The first place I wanted
dialog: out of was home...
text: AS MUMFORD TALKS we SEE IMAGES FROM HIS PAST, all FROM
text: MUMFORD'S POV. We do not see him in the scenes. Instead,
text: everyone else in the scene RELATES TO THE CAMERA AS MUMFORD,
text: even if they're just ignoring him.
scene_heading: EXT. MUMFORD'S CHILDHOOD HOME, BALD KNOB, WEST VIRGINIA -
speaker_heading: MAGIC
scene_heading: MOVING FAST (MUMFORD'S CHILDHOOD POV) toward the back door
dialog: of a rundown, little house in a poor mining community. We
text: reach the back door and bang inside --
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S CHILDHOOD HOME - MAGIC
text: The cramped interior is grimy and depressing. MUMFORD'S MOTHER
text: worse for wear, has just put a glass of liquor on the sink
text: and returned her attention to the smoking stovetop. She
text: glances briefly at Mumford and greets him pleasantly, clearly
text: drunk. Suddenly, her attention shifts and we -- PAN TO THE
text: FRONT DOOR which is opened roughly by MUMFORD'S FATHER, a
text: coal miner whose face still shows the grime of his work. But
text: it's his scary scowl that impresses. His eyes take in his
text: wife (and her drink) but he says nothing. He barely gives
text: Mumford a glance as he drops his lunch pail on the table and
text: disappears into another room.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: I thought I had the best parents in
dialog: Bald Knob, West Virginia... till I
dialog: was seven years old and got a look
dialog: at some others. They weren't bad
dialog: folks...
text: AT THE DINNER TABLE. Across the table, MUMFORD'S OLDER SISTER
text: eats with her head down. On the right, Mumford's Mother is
text: picking at her food. Mumford's POV shifts to his Father, who
text: is yelling something at his wife.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: ...but they were real unhappy about
dialog: being who they were...
text: Now, his Father looks suddenly at Mumford; his hand shoots
text: out to slap Mumford's face, and the IMAGE GOES BLACK, then
dialog: immediately FADES UP AGAIN on --
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL CLASSROOM, WEST VIRGINIA - DAY
text: TIGHT ON A TEST PAPER being laid on an old-fashioned student
text: desk. Scrawled in red pencil at the top: "A -- Outstanding!"
text: TILT UP to the old classroom, full of kids getting their
text: tests back. ACROSS THE AISLE, looking at camera with disgust,
text: is a sixteen year old boy, MUMFORD'S CLASSMATE.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: It made no sense that school came
dialog: easy for me... I didn't do much work,
dialog: and there was a proud tradition in
dialog: my family of being really dumb. My
dialog: friends didn't like it much. It made
dialog: them distrust me...
scene_heading: EXT. FOOTBALL FIELD - NIGHT
text: FROM INSIDE A HELMET: the brutal chaos of crashing bodies in
text: a Friday night high school football game. Mumford is violently
text: hit. Our view is smashed so deep into the muddy turf that
text: again the IMAGE GOES BLACK, then quickly FADES UP AGAIN on --
scene_heading: INT./EXT. LOVER'S LANE, WOODS - NIGHT
text: TIGHT ON A CAN OF "IRON CITY" BEER in MUMFORD'S POV as he
text: puts it on the roof of a green Nash Rambler and ducks into
text: the back seat. In the shadows is a teen-age girl, MUMFORD'S
text: DATE. As Mumford moves toward her, she flames a Bic lighter
text: and gleefully lights a fat joint; her blouse is unbuttoned
text: and gaping.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: On the other hand, it made some of
dialog: my classmates like me better... I
dialog: don't know what it was in me, maybe
dialog: some genes from my mom, maybe some
dialog: discomfort with myself, but early on
dialog: I was drawn to any substance that
dialog: made me numb...
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL FIELD - DAY
text: Graduation Ceremonies. MUMFORD'S POV moving across a platform
text: toward the diploma being proffered by the PRINCIPAL. PAN TO
text: Mumford's Parents, dressed up and proud, in the audience.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: When I got a scholarship to go out
dialog: of state to college, I was the first
dialog: one in my extended family who'd gone
dialog: beyond high school. At graduation,
dialog: my folks looked like a normal, happy
dialog: couple, which I guess they were about
dialog: 10% of the time... out in public.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY DORMITORY HALLWAY - DAY
text: TIGHT ON A DORM ROOM DOOR as it is pushed open. MUMFORD'S
text: NEW ROOMMATE, a crazed, middle-class doper, has his stuff
text: spread around and is settled in the midst of the chaos. He
text: looks up at the arriving Mumford with a maniacal, stoned
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: My roommate was from a planet I had
dialog: never heard of called Scarsdale,
dialog: where everything was the opposite of
dialog: West Virginia...
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: TIGHT ON A BONG filling with white smoke. We FOLLOW IT UP
text: THE TUBE to a PRETTY COED, who inhales deeply, then blows a
text: seductive cloud directly at Mumford. The room is full of
dialog: partying students.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: All the other kids, in fact, seemed
dialog: to know things I didn't. They were
dialog: friendly enough, but in four years,
dialog: I never got over feeling that I had
dialog: sneaked in... and was about to be
text: exposed as the hillbilly and imposter
dialog: I actually was.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, STUDENT APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Funky decor, red scarf over the lamp creating a sexy glow.
text: MUMFORD'S POV moves toward an undulating shape hidden by a
text: sheet on the bed. He reaches out and lifts the edge to REVEAL
text: the Pretty Coed, now naked, giggling, her extended hand
text: offering a tab of acid right up to camera.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: The thing that always made those
dialog: feelings go away was... fun. Fun was
dialog: drugs, fun was sex, fun was
text: aggressively doing nothing. The only
dialog: problem I had with degenerate, self-
dialog: destructive behavior was... I couldn't
dialog: get enough of it.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY CLASSROOM - DAY
text: A PROFESSOR approaches camera and lays a fresh examination
text: on the desk in front of Mumford. The problem is -- Mumford
dialog: is so doped up the classroom is swimming and the examination
text: paper keeps changing shape.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: All that fun eventually had an impact
dialog: on the work I was doing. I figured,
dialog: what the hell, it was only college,
dialog: after all. I'd straighten up when I
dialog: went out in the real world...
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: TIGHT ON SEVERAL AMPHETAMINE CAPSULES being dumped into
text: Mumford's palm over a water fountain. They disappear toward
text: camera as we dip down toward the stream of water.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: I didn't want to jump into my career
dialog: right out of college. And since I
dialog: had no career, that turned out to be
dialog: not much of a problem...
text: MUMFORD'S POV lifts from the fountain and turns to the
text: endless, deserted corridor of the huge building. We begin
text: TRACKING DOWN the hall, checking out the various doorways. A
text: Cleaning Crew appears far up ahead.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: I had a series of challenging jobs
dialog: over the next few years...
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: We PAN from the back of a garbage truck to a mess of garbage
text: containers, and MOVE TOWARD THEM.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION - NIGHT
text: TIGHT ON TWO LINES of cocaine. We DIP TOWARD THEM, then UP
text: AGAIN and they're gone. PAN to REVEAL we're in a closet off
text: the brightly-lit office of an all-night gas station. A PATRON
text: is waiting impatiently out by the pumps.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH, THE DUPLEX HOUSE - NIGHT
text: BACK TO PRESENT. Skip watches Mumford intently.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: ...pizza delivery, pipe fitting,
dialog: pest control... lots of jobs that
dialog: started with the letter "p". For
dialog: some reason, I kept losing these
dialog: jobs.
dialog: (takes a swig of beer)
dialog: The only mind-altering substance I
dialog: never had a problem with was alcohol.
dialog: I never got drunk. I didn't like the
dialog: feeling. But really, when you're as
dialog: fucked up as I was... big deal.
text: Mumford stands up and stretches, then sits on the railing
text: facing Skip.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Eventually, doing all these different
dialog: jobs, I noticed something. For some
dialog: reason, probably because I was too
dialog: stoned to talk, everywhere I went --
scene_heading: INT./EXT. SERIES OF SHOTS-- TALKING HEADS
text: We see various CO-WORKERS from Mumford's jobs. The
text: environments are radically different, but the activity is
text: always the same -- the Co-Worker in question is pouring his
text: heart out to camera.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: -- people would talk to me, tell me
dialog: everything... their stories, their
dialog: problems, their innermost thoughts.
dialog: Sometimes they'd pretend they needed
dialog: advice, but mostly people just wanted
dialog: someone to listen.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWLSPACE UNDER HOUSE - DAY
text: MUMFORD'S MOVING POV as he crawls into the darkness, an
text: insecticide sprayer ahead of him. He pushes at a cinderblock --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Anyway, one day I was spraying for
dialog: termites when I had a vision --
text: The cinderblock tips over and a swarm of scary-looking spiders
text: comes rushing out toward camera.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: -- it was time to put my college
dialog: degree to work and get a job with a
dialog: desk.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT OFFICES - DAY
text: FROM BEHIND A DESK in the middle of a huge sea of desks.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: I took the civil service exam and
dialog: found myself working at the Internal
dialog: Revenue Service, District 14, Central
dialog: Administrative Office. I started off
dialog: as a general records clerk...
text: SERIES OF SHOTS: computer records scrolling rapidly, paper
text: files being pulled, documents being routed.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: I guess the standards weren't too
dialog: high there, because my superiors got
dialog: excited and pushed me to take the
dialog: advancement tests...
scene_heading: INT. YMCA GYM - NIGHT
text: An intense basketball game. The ball zips from behind camera
text: (Mumford) to an older guy, MUMFORD'S SUPERVISOR, under the
text: basket; he lays it in easily, then comes over to high-five.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: One guy in particular thought I should
dialog: be a Revenue Officer. There was more
dialog: money to be made as your
dialog: classification went up. Which had a
dialog: lot of appeal to me...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN TABLE, MUMFORD'S CITY APARTMENT (PAST) - NIGHT
text: A COCAINE MILL is loaded with white chunks and screwed shut
text: in MUMFORD'S POV; the steady grinding begins. Spread across
text: the messy kitchen table is the regular user's paraphernalia.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: ...since, even though I was certain
dialog: I could stop anytime I wanted, I had
dialog: developed a real affection for
dialog: cocaine. It was my favorite hobby I
dialog: had ever had.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OFFICES - DAY
text: MUMFORD'S POV SHIFTS around the office. First, he's looking
text: at an irate TAXPAYER yelling across a desk at a REVENUE
text: OFFICER, who remains unruffled --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: But I sure didn't want to be a Revenue
dialog: Officer, where you were face to face
dialog: abusing -- and getting abused -- all
dialog: day long...
text: His POV PANS with a couple of intense COLLECTION AGENTS who
text: pass behind the first scene on their way out of the offices.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: ...And being a Collection Agent was
dialog: definitely not in my genetic make-
dialog: up...
text: His POV STOPS, letting the Collection Agents go, on another
text: fellow, with the disreputable, cocksure demeanor of a private
text: dick, who is lolling near the water cooler, watching the
text: altercation with amusement. He is GREGORY, an IRS
scene_heading: INVESTIGATOR.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: But there was one job that looked
dialog: like it might be fun -- Investigator.
speaker_heading: SKIP (V.O.)
dialog: Are you telling me your last job
dialog: before becoming a psychologist was --
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH, THE DUPLEX HOUSE - NIGHT
text: BACK TO PRESENT. Skip is leaning intensely toward Mumford.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: -- an investigator for the Internal
dialog: Revenue Service?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Everybody has a story, Skip.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Sounds like you have several.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What it felt like was... a series of
dialog: separate, unconnected lives --
dialog: hillbilly kid, wrecked college boy,
dialog: garbage man, civil service guy...
dialog: (Yul Brynner accent)
dialog: ...et cetera... et cetera. Every
dialog: time I'd leave a life, it felt good.
dialog: Whatever problems I was having were
dialog: suddenly gone. I had no friends and
dialog: I didn't talk to my family. The only
dialog: constant, stabilizing force in my
dialog: life was... drugs.
speaker_heading: SKIP
text: An IRS investigator with a drug
dialog: problem?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It wasn't the best situation.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Did you carry a gun?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Didn't need one. We didn't even need
dialog: a warrant for most of the shit we
dialog: did. Man, the IRS... we could go in
dialog: your bank account, your credit
dialog: cards... hell, we used to go into
dialog: doctors' files and get all the juicy
dialog: details. Nobody wants to argue with
dialog: the IRS.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY, REAR OF DRY CLEANING FACILITY - MAGIC
text: MOVING POV as Mumford follows GREGORY down the gloomy alley
text: to a corner where they can spy at the scene beyond.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: I got teamed with one of the top
dialog: guys, a fanatic named Gregory. He
dialog: always got his man, whether they
dialog: deserved it or not. He was a "closer"
dialog: and everybody admired that...
text: WHAT THEY SEE: The DRY CLEANING BOSS, a Middle-Eastern fellow,
text: is standing at the back door of his place paying his Asian
text: employees in cash as they leave.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: He'd make the case and the Collection
dialog: guys would come in and clean up. Our
dialog: specialty was... sleazy skulking...
text: Gregory turns to look at camera (Mumford) with a devilish
dialog: grin.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: We were a good team. I was a dope
dialog: addict and Gregory was insane.
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY'S HOUSE, CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: MUMFORD'S POV as he supports a drunken Gregory as they stagger
text: down the sidewalk to a row house. Holding Gregory up on the
text: other side, is CANDY, Gregory's pretty wife. They wrangle
text: Gregory up the front steps. Gregory stumbles inside and
text: Mumford retreats down the steps, his eyes still on the front
text: door. Candy appears there and stares down at Mumford, who
text: stops where he is.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Of course, him being insane didn't
dialog: make it all right that I fell in
dialog: love with his wife.
speaker_heading: SKIP (V.O.)
dialog: Holy shit!
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH, THE DUPLEX HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mumford settles back in his chair as Skip shakes his head,
text: astounded.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (announcer-like)
dialog: "Get to know your therapist."
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: You were messed up, man.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (dry)
dialog: But look at me now...
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Hey, you've done good. Look at
dialog: yourself... you've cleaned up, you've
dialog: got a career --
text: Skip stops, remembers the truth, realizes. Mumford smiles.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: At least you pulled yourself out...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Things got a lot worse.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: You and Candy...?
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MUMFORD'S CITY APARTMENT - DAY
text: MUMFORD'S POV from his bed. Candy finishes dressing across
text: the room. She looks at camera, her face full of the pain of
dialog: leaving.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRESCAPE/ROOF, BUILDING IN CITY - DAY
text: MOVING POV as Mumford follows Gregory up the ladder and onto
text: the roof of this old building in a rundown industrial
dialog: neighborhood.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: The way the District Managers got
dialog: ahead and won their bonuses was by
dialog: generating maximum payments. That
dialog: meant the revenue officers had to
dialog: use all their "collection tools" --
dialog: seizures, liens, levies -- even if a
dialog: more reasonable compromise could
dialog: have been worked out. The best way
dialog: to reduce resistance from the
dialog: taxpayers was to build a convincing
dialog: case -- whether there'd actually
dialog: been a violation or not...
text: Mumford follows Gregory, crawling, to the edge of the roof
text: and looks down on a building one block over. It is a small
text: furniture factory. Employees are eating their lunches on the
text: loading dock.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: That's where we came in. Our DM was
dialog: a particular sonuvabitch, and he
dialog: knew just how to get Gregory crazy.
scene_heading: INT. ETHNIC RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: MUMFORD'S POV takes in his ATTRACTIVE DATE next to him, then
text: PANS TO Candy and Gregory across the table. Everybody's
text: laughing. Candy flashes Mumford a momentary special look.
text: MUMFORD'S POV guiltily PANS TO Gregory. Did he see it?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: So several things were working on
dialog: Gregory when we started building a
dialog: case against a furniture maker named
dialog: Edmond Worrell...
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT, FURNITURE FACTORY - MAGIC
text: BINOCULAR VIEW of EDMOND WORRELL and MRS. WORRELL as they
text: get in a Cadillac at the end of a workday.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: ...and his family.
scene_heading: INT. BUSINESS OFFICE, WORRELL FURNITURE FACTORY - NIGHT
text: Lit by powerful flashlights, Gregory and Mumford attack the
text: files of the company, both in cabinets and on computer.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Gregory was acting more and more
dialog: irrational. We started doing things
dialog: that were over the line even for the
dialog: IRS. When I look back on it now, I'm
dialog: sure Gregory must have known about
dialog: Candy and me. On our team, I had
dialog: become...
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM, WORRELL FURNITURE FACTORY - NIGHT
text: EXTREME CLOSE-UP A LINE OF COCAINE on the top of a toilet
text: tank as it is sucked out of sight.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: ...the responsible one.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MUMFORD'S CITY APARTMENT - DAY
text: MUMFORD'S POV IS A BLURRY SHAPE until Candy moves up and
text: away, her face sweaty and aroused, torso naked. She's on top
dialog: of Mumford.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT CAR - DAY
text: Mumford's POV slides into the passenger seat. Gregory is
text: already sitting in the driver's seat. He stares at Mumford a
dialog: long time.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, SHABBY OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Mumford is following Gregory and REVENUE OFFICER MCLURE down
text: the hall. They reach a door with the painted sign: "SAMUEL
scene_heading: GORBECK, C.P.A."
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes when a case didn't work
dialog: out right, Gregory and this Revenue
dialog: Officer named McLure would put the
dialog: squeeze on the subject's accountant...
text: As they start to enter, SOFT CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GORBECK'S INNER OFFICE - DAY
text: GORBECK listens, intimidated by McLure, who sits on the
text: accountant's desk, and Gregory, who is moving around the
dialog: office -- snooping.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: There aren't many accountants who
dialog: don't have something to worry about
dialog: with the Service...
scene_heading: INT. IRS OFFICES - DAY
text: Edmond Worrell, his wife, his adult SON and DAUGHTER,
text: WORRELL'S LAWYER, and, finally, the accountant Gorbeck are
text: ushered toward a conference room by McLure, Gregory and some
text: other IRS types. Gorbeck sneaks a nervous look at Mumford.
text: Gregory, who now appears slightly mad, motions for Mumford
dialog: to join them.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: The parties met repeatedly over a
dialog: period of months. The IRS offered to
dialog: settle for a sizable but, they said,
dialog: fair amount. Worrell said he'd done
dialog: nothing wrong and threatened to fight
dialog: it all the way to Washington. He
dialog: seemed pretty strong. I was secretly
text: pulling for him. McLure and the
dialog: District Manager stepped up the
dialog: pressure.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT, WORRELL FURNITURE FACTORY - DAY
text: MOVING POV OUT THE WINDSHIELD of Gregory's government car as
text: it comes speeding into the parking lot. There are two flashing
text: Squad Cars and an Ambulance at the entrance. As Gregory's
text: car hits a speedbump, the IMAGE BEGINS TO SLOW DOWN --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: What none of us down at the Service
dialog: knew was that Edmond Worrell had a
dialog: story too... Worrell's was that he'd
dialog: been fighting chronic depression for
dialog: thirty years. Under the heat of the
dialog: investigation, he fell off his
dialog: medication. One Tuesday morning, he
dialog: went down to the factory early, wrote
dialog: his family a letter, then used the
dialog: 9mm automatic they kept there to
dialog: kill himself... The DM dropped the
dialog: case that day and started proceedings
dialog: to get rid of Gregory...
text: The IMAGE HAS SLOWED TO A STILL. It now DISSOLVES TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GREGORY'S HOUSE, CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: Mumford's POV as he comes up the steps. The front door opens
text: before he gets there. Candy, her face bruised, her eyes red,
text: comes into view, she has a suitcase in hand.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Gregory went home drunk, beat up
dialog: Candy and went out to drink some
dialog: more. Candy told me she didn't want
dialog: to see me again. She hated us both
dialog: and she was leaving us both... It
dialog: made perfect sense to me. I felt the
dialog: same way...
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MUMFORD'S CITY APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Mumford is frantically, futilely looking for an imagined
text: drug stash. He's ransacked the place and is now throwing the
text: clothes out of a drawer.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, MUMFORD'S CITY APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Mumford looks desperately through the pill bottles and
text: detritus in his squalid medicine cabinet.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: ...In fact, I was jealous of Candy.
dialog: I wanted to leave too, just like
dialog: her... get as far away from --
text: Giving up, Mumford slams the medicine cabinet shut and FOR
text: THE FIRST TIME SINCE HIS STORY BEGAN, WE SEE MUMFORD in his
dialog: previous incarnation. And this is probably as bad as he ever
text: looked. He stares at his image in the mirror.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: -- me... as possible.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH, THE DUPLEX HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Skip is staring at Mumford. Empty beer bottles are lined up
text: on the porch railing.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: And so you did...
text: Mumford nods.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: And the drugs?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Harder than I thought. Took me three
dialog: tries. But I was highly motivated --
dialog: figured there was no point in leaving
dialog: me and taking that along. After two
dialog: bomb-outs, I found a place in the
dialog: desert...
scene_heading: INT. DESERT DRUG REHAB CENTER - SUNRISE
text: A venetian blind is raised, revealing sunrise over a desert
dialog: landscape.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: The joint wasn't fancy -- it was run
dialog: by an order of monks -- but it worked.
dialog: When I got out of there, I was just
dialog: about broke...
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH, THE DUPLEX HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mumford gets up from his chair and moves toward his door.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: ...which seemed perfect for starting
dialog: something new. Be back.
text: Mumford goes inside. Skip sits listening to the night. From
text: downstairs, in Lily's apartment, he HEARS A SHOWER GO ON.
text: Mumford comes back out.
speaker_heading: SKIP
text: Somebody's taking a shower down there.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: That'd be Lily.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I wish I could live in the shower.
dialog: I'd take five a day if I had the
dialog: time. I went to this spa in Germany,
dialog: a sanitarium practically, up on this
dialog: mountain. And the great thing --
dialog: they just kept you wet all day.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Who'd you go with?
dialog: (Skip: "alone")
dialog: That's not good.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: How'd you do it?
dialog: (Mumford is confused)
dialog: The new you.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You know how easy it is. A kid can
dialog: manage it if he wants a fake I.D.
dialog: You can do practically the whole
dialog: deal at your local Kinko's. The only
dialog: variable is how much pride you take
dialog: in the product.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I know it starts with a birth
dialog: certificate...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: All new people start with that...
scene_heading: INT. ANONYMOUS WORK ROOM - DAY
text: ON A COMPUTER SCREEN an elaborate graphics program is creating
text: the filigreed border of a birth certificate that already
text: bears the official-looking designs of "Green County, State
dialog: of West Virginia".
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: With desktop publishing, you don't
dialog: have to deal with printers, supply
text: houses, or pesky government agencies.
dialog: Eventually you do have to get your
text: hands on a typewriter. Ever seen one
dialog: of those, Skip?
text: As the border is completed, we PUSH IN and DISSOLVE THROUGH
dialog: TO:
text: SURFACE OF A DESK, with an electric Smith-Corona typewriter
text: (late '50's vintage). EXTREME CLOSE-UP of the keys hammering
dialog: out individual letters and numbers: date, hospital, attending
dialog: physician.
speaker_heading: SKIP (V.O.)
dialog: (playing along)
dialog: Is that like a mimeograph?... What
dialog: about the name?
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH, THE DUPLEX HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mumford looks at Skip.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: "Mumford"... I mean, why pick the
dialog: name of the town you were going to?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Oh. You got it backwards. I already
dialog: had the name when I started looking
dialog: for somewhere to settle. When I saw
dialog: this town on a map, I thought maybe
dialog: it was a sign. See...
scene_heading: INT. ANONYMOUS WORK ROOM - DAY
text: The typewriter is just pounding out: MICHAEL OLIVER MUM-F-O-
dialog: R-D.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: ...Mickey Mumford was in Miss Rice's
dialog: kindergarten class with me. He was
text: killed with his parents in a wreck
dialog: on their way back from a Steelers
dialog: game. He was only six years old,
dialog: which is a real plus, so there's a
dialog: birth certificate if anyone checks --
dialog: but not much else. They died in
dialog: Pennsylvania, so there's no death
dialog: certificate in West Virginia... that's
dialog: also good.
text: ON A KITCHEN TABLE, the new birth certificate, now filled
text: out for Michael Mumford, is carefully lifted from a shallow
text: bowl of light tea (the tea bags are nearby). The paper has
text: taken on an aged, sepia look. CUT TO:
text: A STACK OF BOOKS. The ones on top are lifted away. The bottom
text: book is opened to reveal the birth certificate. It has been
text: folded in an official way. Now Mumford unfolds it, then
text: refolds it differently -- with its smudges and creases, it's
text: starting to look old.
speaker_heading: SKIP (V.O.)
dialog: And a birth certificate is enough?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Everything flows from that, and what
dialog: doesn't... can be easily purchased.
text: SERIES OF SHOTS of Mumford's DOCUMENTATION PILING UP. A post
text: office box is emptied, official-looking correspondence is
dialog: opened, the bounty is laid out for perusal: Social Security
dialog: card, driver's license, college and graduate school diplomas,
dialog: license and accreditation to operate as a therapist.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: Of course, my IRS training made it
dialog: easier. Once you've done that, there's
dialog: not much data you can't access and
dialog: use any way you want.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH, THE DUPLEX HOUSE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: In a free society, you are who you
dialog: say you are.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: People should remember that before
dialog: they go around knocking this country.
dialog: (he gets up)
dialog: Skip, all this beer's got me sleepy.
text: Skip looks upset.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: But you studied psychology, right?
dialog: You did the training and just never
dialog: got the degree?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: No... no training.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: Psych major?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: English Lit.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Jeez, man. But you're good at it!
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I understand what it's like to want
dialog: to leave a problem behind. That's
dialog: all most people are looking to do.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Mainly, I listen.
text: He heads inside.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Where ya going? I've got a million
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: See you Thursday... regular time.
text: Mumford goes inside. Skip nods, head spinning.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET - SUNRISE
text: Mumford and Sofie are delivering newspapers in lovely first
text: light. Mumford has a canvas sack full of newspapers around
text: his neck. At each house, he consults the list in his hand,
text: then hands Sofie a rolled-up paper, which she throws -- with
text: varying success -- toward the front doors. The activity is
text: tiring for her, but she's committed.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: ...so we get on this incredible steam
text: engine train that runs up into the
dialog: mountains...
text: (she tosses a paper,
dialog: grunting)
dialog: ...and this trip is everything it's
text: cracked up to be... an open car,
dialog: great views, the mountain air blowing
dialog: through. We're sitting there, married
dialog: for six years, and he says how he
dialog: likes it better when I put my hair
dialog: back...
text: Mumford hands her another paper, which she heaves with all
text: her limited strength, missing the front porch badly. Mumford,
text: who can't get enough of watching her, doesn't notice at first.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: That wasn't so good.
text: Mumford snaps out of it. He goes up on the lawn and flips
text: the paper deftly onto the porch. As they continue --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You're doing great.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I don't know if I'm going to make it
dialog: the whole way.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It doesn't matter. Go on.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Oh... this makes me sound irrational,
dialog: which is probably right, but there
dialog: was something about him saying this --
dialog: it was maybe the millionth time he'd
dialog: told me about some preference of
dialog: his. Well, I was so... tired of it.
dialog: (memories)
dialog: Seems like my whole life someone's
dialog: been telling me... I'm just not
dialog: getting it right. Can we rest for a
dialog: second?
text: She leans against the iron handrail on some front steps,
text: breathing hard.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: You're purposely making me talk while
dialog: we do this...
dialog: (Mumford nods)
dialog: ...because you think this is good
dialog: for me...
dialog: (nods again)
dialog: ...and you're a sadistic bastard...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: ...who thinks there's nothing really
dialog: wrong with me.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Oh, there's something wrong with
dialog: you, all right. Especially after
dialog: hearing that dream of yours, about
dialog: the Roto-Rooter.
text: She laughs. They're playing with each other.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: That was really bad, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
text: Disgusting.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: And I'll bet you can interpret the
dialog: whole thing
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It's pretty obvious to a trained
dialog: professional.
text: Sofie starts walking again, taking another newspaper from
text: his sack. He points to the next house.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I hate those dreams where everything
dialog: means something.
text: Sofie heaves the paper squarely onto the porch. She turns to
text: him with pride, but when she sees the way he looks at her,
text: she glances away, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Is that when you split up?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: No, that'd be a good story, but that
text: was just the beginning of the end.
dialog: We went on for another year or so.
text: Mumford hands her another paper and indicates the next house.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: So whose route is this?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
text: Brady Peck's. Fourteen years old.
dialog: Lives next door.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: And he's where?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
text: In the capitol for Boy's Nation.
dialog: Five days. Why?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: (heaves another paper)
dialog: I'm thinking a gal could make a good
dialog: living doing this. How hard could it
dialog: be squeezing out some fourteen year
dialog: old?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You like it?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: It's all right.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Then you can expect me at 5:30
dialog: tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: And this is legitimate therapy?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Therapy? Hell no, I just don't want
dialog: to do it alone.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: TIGHT ON RAPID SERIES OF IMAGES on slick, glossy magazine
text: pages: each change of image is punctuated by the AMPLIFIED
text: SNAP of the page being turned, like a gunshot. We're SO CLOSE
dialog: to the images we can't tell when the magazines change --
dialog: from Glamour to Vogue to Us to Mademoiselle to W to Vanity
dialog: Fair. And it doesn't matter. Whether the images are ads or
dialog: fashion spreads or celebrity candids, the look is the same --
text: jaded, hip, disinterested, apathetic, either impossibly buff
text: or anorexic, but always severely beautiful. The PAGE TURNING
text: starts at a fevered pitch and becomes even more intense.
dialog: Finally --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: What is it, Nessa?
text: The IMAGES CONTINUE.
speaker_heading: NESSA (V.O.)
dialog: Isn't she amazing? That is such a
text: wicked look.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (V.O.)
dialog: What do you want me to see?
speaker_heading: NESSA (V.O.)
dialog: Just chill for a second. Look at
dialog: this guy, it appears he's actually
dialog: dead... but gorgeous.
text: Mumford is sitting next to Nessa on the couch. At their feet
text: is a mess of magazines. Nessa discards one and immediately
text: starts flipping through a new one beneath it. She is very
text: agitated. Mumford stands up, walks over and sits in his chair.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: What are you doing? We're not done.
dialog: I just need to find the thing...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: If you don't want to have a session
dialog: today, it's okay.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: I want to have the session. I thought
dialog: it would be cool if I could show you
dialog: some of the things that interest me.
dialog: But I guess you're not into it...
dialog: which we already knew.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What happened today?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Was it something that happened at
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: (petulant)
dialog: These appointments were not my idea,
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: True. Should we stop them?
text: A look of panic crosses Nessa's face, but she instantly hides
text: it, busily taking out cigarette and lighter, which she doesn't
text: use. Instead, she lies down on the couch, balancing the closed
text: magazine on her chest.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: I don't think you know what you're
dialog: talking about.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: This shrink school you went to...
dialog: did you hear about it on an
dialog: infomercial?
text: Mumford waits. Nessa refers to the magazine beneath her chin.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: I want to live in the world these
dialog: people are in. No one ever says
dialog: anything in there, have you noticed?
dialog: So they're very cool. Like they're
dialog: all really deep. It's when people
dialog: start talking that everything goes
dialog: to shit.
text: Nessa suddenly seems on the edge of tears, but beats it back.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: There's this kid at school... Martin
dialog: Brockett. He has some gigantic idea
text: of himself that no one else shares.
dialog: You wouldn't believe the crap he
dialog: lays on me... Who appointed him my
dialog: spiritual leader? If he has everything
dialog: so figured out how come his best
dialog: friend is a .22 rifle? And why's he
dialog: spend all his time chasing after me?
dialog: Probably thinks I'm gonna give him a
dialog: hummer...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Do you think that's what he wants?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: No. I don't know what he wants. But
dialog: I know I don't like being watched.
dialog: Nobody's ever paid any attention to
dialog: what I did, and I liked it just fine.
dialog: Where does he get off telling me I
dialog: disrespect myself?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Fuck him. Look in a mirror, bozo.
scene_heading: EXT. LILY'S CAFÉ, MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Mumford crosses the street from his office. A huge bus with
text: "APPLEJACK TOURS" on the sides, is disgorging its passengers,
text: a large group of elderly JAPANESE WOMEN, all of whom file
text: neatly into Lily's Café. Lily stands on the sidewalk outside
text: greeting them merrily.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What's the deal?
text: Lily continues her welcomes, but points out a hand-lettered
text: sign in her front window -- "Closed for Lunch. See you
dialog: tomorrow."
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: They come through a few times each
dialog: year.
dialog: (greeting one cheerily)
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Saito, good to see you
dialog: again!
dialog: (back to Mumford)
dialog: It's a tour.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Where am I supposed to eat?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: You're on your own today, honey.
text: Mumford's attention is suddenly drawn to something across
text: the street. He glances thoughtfully at Lily for a moment,
dialog: then back out there.
text: WHAT HE SEES: Skip is once again zipping down the street on
text: his skateboard in the midst of traffic. He has not noticed
dialog: Mumford.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Skip!
text: Skip looks over, then immediately changes course toward them,
text: barely checking the surrounding traffic. He is extraordinarily
text: skillful. When he gets to the curb, he pulls a snazzy board-
text: flipping maneuver to dismount and come up on the sidewalk.
text: Some of the Japanese matrons react with delight.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Doc.
text: Skip notices the tour members filing by, but is immediately
text: distracted by the presence of Lily, who's a little excited
dialog: to meet the local celebrity.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Lily, I want you to meet Skip. Skip,
dialog: Lily.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: It's a pleasure to meet you.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Yeah... me you, too... I was at your
dialog: house...
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Upstairs, with Doc... Yeah, it's
dialog: very nice... I heard your shower.
text: Skip can't believe what he just said. Neither can the other
text: two, actually. Mumford can't stop himself from laughing, but
text: he cuts it off fast. Lily blushes, but Skip's agitation has
dialog: charmed her. Something's happening here.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I've seen you going by on your board,
dialog: but I didn't realize -- you're so
dialog: young... to be so...
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: ...so rich?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: (gives him a look)
dialog: ...so accomplished.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I may be young, but Doc can tell
dialog: you, I'm very immature.
text: He's making a joke and it represents quite a recovery. They're
text: all relieved. Then there's an awkward silence. Skip watches
text: the last of the tour enter the restaurant.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: So, is this like a Japanese
dialog: restaurant?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I'd better get in there.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: That's a lot of people all at once.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: It's okay. They pre-order. There's a
dialog: choice of three entrees.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: What are they?
text: Lily gives him a careful look: Is he really interested?
dialog: There's something about him...
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Meat loaf, turkey quesadillas, or
dialog: salad nicoise.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Salad nicoise? I love salad nicoise.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Well, come on in.
text: She motions him in and starts to follow. Mumford makes a
text: "what about me?" sound. Lily, grinning, just points to the
text: sign and leaves Mumford standing on the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO (O.S.)
dialog: Dr. Mumford.
text: Mumford turns to find Dr. Delbanco and Phyllis Sheeler, the
text: shrinks Lionel had conferred with, standing nearby. It takes
text: a moment for Mumford to remember Delbanco. Finally, shaking
dialog: hands --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Dr. Delbanco. It's nice to see you
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: I don't think you know Dr. Sheeler.
dialog: She's the other therapist here in
dialog: town.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (shaking her hand)
dialog: Of course... I've heard great things
dialog: about you.
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: You never got back to me.
dialog: (Mumford doesn't
dialog: understand)
dialog: ...I called to say we'd like to take
dialog: you out for a meal?... Kind of a
dialog: professional welcome.
text: Mumford makes a show of remembering.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Forgive me, please. What a gracious
dialog: thought. We must do that.
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Why don't I call you when I've got
dialog: my calendar in front of me?
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: What are you doing for lunch?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Right now?
text: The other two nod in unison. Mumford considers, trapped.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANTERN AND THE LAMB RESTAURANT - DAY
text: The town's upscale dining spot. Mumford, Delbanco and Sheeler
text: are in a red leather booth. Sheeler listens with rapt,
text: admiring attention as Delbanco speaks --
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: ...annihilation anxieties engendered
dialog: by bad experiences with a depriving
dialog: mother... but no one can escape the
dialog: fear of death. It is, as Henry James
dialog: put it, "the worm at the core." Try
dialog: as we may to forget or ignore our
dialog: mortality, James said --
dialog: (theatrically)
dialog: -- "the skull will grin in at the
dialog: banquet."
text: Mumford nods appreciatively. (He really is an extraordinary
text: listener.) Delbanco catches his own vanity in Sheeler's
text: adoring gaze and becomes self-conscious --
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: I've run on. Forgive me. We're here
dialog: to talk about you.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Are we?
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: (covering)
dialog: What Ernest means, I think, is we're
dialog: very interested in other
dialog: methodology... different kinds of
dialog: training. We're great believers in
dialog: learning from each other. I've learned
dialog: so much from Ern -- Dr. Delbanco...
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: ...And I from Phyllis.
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: (back to a previous
dialog: thread)
dialog: So... the University of Kentucky.
dialog: Who runs the program down there?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: My mentor was an amazing teacher
dialog: named Benton Mandlebaum. Died quite
text: tragically in the collapse of a
dialog: gazebo.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: I think I've heard of him... a
dialog: disciple of Rothberg, wasn't he?
text: Mumford's response, and all that follow, is calm and pleasant.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It's possible. I don't know about
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: I suppose your extended training was
dialog: at an institution in that area?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Lots of institutions. My graduate
dialog: advisor believed we should experience
dialog: as many environments as possible --
dialog: prisons, clinics, half-way houses.
dialog: For a while I was chief therapist in
dialog: a shopping mall. Had a little spot
text: next to the yogurt place.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: Interesting approach. What was his
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Dorothy Fowler. Fantastic woman. She
dialog: passed last year in a train wreck.
dialog: Damned Amtrak.
text: Delbanco and Sheeler exchange a look. Sheeler adopts a
dialog: "casual" tone --
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: I trained in the east, myself --
dialog: Cornell -- and I don't care what
dialog: anyone says, there really are regional
dialog: differences. I found the state
dialog: certification exams out here quite
dialog: harrowing... Did you?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Oh, yeah, very tough. But I guess
dialog: that's good... to keep out the quacks.
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: Which examiner did you have? I
dialog: probably know him.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Wallace Franklin... from Greensburg.
text: A dark look comes over Sheeler's face for a moment.
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: That was a terrible thing.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (agrees)
dialog: I don't even know why hang-gliding
dialog: is considered a legitimate sport.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: (back on track)
dialog: We're interested in any new therapies.
dialog: How would you characterize your
dialog: approach?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: My approach?
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: Yes... your particular approach.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I don't have one really. Most of the
dialog: time I'm faking it. See, I think
dialog: there's not much that can be done
dialog: about most problems... they're too
dialog: complicated, too deep-rooted by the
dialog: time I hear about them. The most I
dialog: can do, usually, is look and listen
dialog: real closely, try to catch some
dialog: glimpse of the secret life everybody's
dialog: got. If I can get a sense of that,
dialog: well then, maybe... just maybe, I
dialog: can help them out a little.
text: Mumford sits back, considering the couple across the table.
text: His gaze is so crystalline that, after a moment, they become
text: uncomfortable and steal a glance at each other. Finally --
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: I see.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: CLOSE ON Althea Brockett.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: -- The argument had nothing to do
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (O.S.)
dialog: I understand. I just want to know
dialog: what the argument was about.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: (hates to say)
dialog: I had ordered some books. "The 100
dialog: Greatest Books Ever Written."
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (O.S.)
dialog: Uh-huh. What are they?
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: Oh, all the great writers --
dialog: Shakespeare, Charles Dickens, Moby
dialog: Dick... those people. Each is bound
dialog: in genuine premium leather with 22
dialog: carat gold accents. It's a magnificent
dialog: set -- and only $33.50 per volume.
dialog: Right away you get Great Expectations
dialog: for just $6.99.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (O.S.)
dialog: One hundred books?
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: It's irrelevant. It had nothing to
dialog: do with what happened.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD (O.S.)
dialog: What happened?
text: Althea is sitting on the couch facing Mumford. She has a
text: bulky knit cardigan sweater hugged tightly around her -- the
text: only sign that she's not completely calm.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: We argued on Sunday. He went to work
dialog: on Monday and stayed in the city
dialog: during the week, like always. But on
dialog: Thursday, when he normally comes
dialog: home, he didn't. Didn't call either.
dialog: Not till Saturday afternoon.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You must have been concerned.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: It's happened before.
dialog: (a beat)
text: I'm shocked by how little I'm feeling.
dialog: I can't understand it.
dialog: (a real question --)
dialog: I'll probably have a complete
dialog: depressoid collapse soon, won't I?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Doubtful. What did he say?
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: He said he wasn't coming back. He
dialog: said it wasn't working for him any
dialog: more. That it hadn't "worked for
dialog: him" for quite a while... You know
dialog: what I regret the most? I'm sorry I
dialog: let him make the kids take his name.
dialog: He was an acquirer.
dialog: (off Mumford's look)
dialog: He liked to acquire things.
text: Mumford looks away. Althea realizes what he's thinking.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: You think that has something to do
dialog: with my problem? Ordering all those
dialog: things?...
dialog: It hadn't occurred to Mumford, but it's an interesting
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: ...Like I was on some kind of campaign
dialog: to out-acquire him...
dialog: (excited now, playing
dialog: it out)
dialog: ...If I was just an acquisition to
dialog: him, and he lost interest once he
dialog: had me --
text: She stops, shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: That can't be it. It's too simple.
dialog: And besides, I still like it. This
dialog: morning I ordered a marble turtle
dialog: cheese board from The Horchow
dialog: Collection.
dialog: (an odd look)
dialog: Can I tell you something just awful?
dialog: You know how people who are just
dialog: assholes will sometimes look at a
dialog: woman who's got problems and say,
dialog: "What she needs is a good shtupping!"?
text: Mumford nods.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: Well, there may be something to that.
dialog: Jeremy didn't keep up his end -- Oh,
dialog: what difference does it make?
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Why do I feel elated? Am I in denial?
dialog: You know what it feels like?...
text: She glances at her watch, then starts talking fast --
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: I know my time's up, but I've got to
dialog: get this out while I've got hold of
dialog: it --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Take your time.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: (no slowing down)
dialog: -- When I was in high school, the
dialog: thing I wanted most, when I was stuck
dialog: in class, the thing I was always
dialog: desperately in pursuit of -- was a
dialog: hall pass. That's all I wanted. I
dialog: loved moving freely around the school
dialog: while everybody else was trapped in
dialog: there... And that's how I feel right
dialog: now... Like I have some giant, all-
dialog: day hall pass.
text: She is beaming, but suddenly becomes self-conscious. She
text: stands up abruptly, flushed.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: My god, did it just get hot in here
dialog: or what?
text: She takes off the bulky sweater and bends to pick up her
text: purse. She is wearing a simple cotton dress that buttons up
text: the front and hugs her body. WE SEE for the first time what
text: all her other outfits have hidden: Althea has a terrific,
text: voluptuous figure.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: See you next time. I'll probably be
text: a basket case by then.
text: She heads toward the door to the waiting room. Mumford
text: indicates the back door.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You can go out there if you like...
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: (quoting Mumford)
dialog: "There's no shame in getting a little
dialog: therapy", right, Doc?
text: She opens the door to the waiting room, startling Henry
text: Follett, who jumps up from a chair out there, magazine still
dialog: in hand.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM, MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
dialog: Follett is embarrassed to be discovered here. But that's
text: secondary to the impact Althea's current appearance -- sexy
text: body framed in the doorway -- is having on him. She's been a
text: customer in his store, but he's seeing her now as if for the
text: first time. All his libidinous buttons are being pushed.
text: Althea breezes by, oblivious to his reaction.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: Hello, Mr. Follett. Have a good
dialog: session. Bye, Doc.
text: She goes out.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Henry...
text: But Follett continues to stare in the direction Althea has
dialog: gone.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY ATRIUM, PANDA MODEM WORLD HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Mumford is being escorted across the spectacular atrium by a
text: PANDA SECURITY AIDE. Her informal uniform, and all the other
text: details in the building, carry out the Panda design motif.
text: As they head down the main corridor --
speaker_heading: SKIP (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Doc!
text: Mumford looks that way. In the distance, Skip is descending
text: from an upper level on his skateboard via a unique system of
text: ramps designed for that purpose alone. None of the hustling
text: Panda Employees in the area take any particular notice of
dialog: the sight.
text: Skip meets Mumford and his escort at the bottom of the ramp
text: with a spectacular stop.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Thanks, Jennifer, I'll take him from
dialog: here.
text: The Security Aide retreats as Skip (riding slowly alongside)
text: leads Mumford into a side corridor.
scene_heading: INT. BOWELS OF THE BUILDING, PANDA MODEM HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: SERIES OF SHOTS. Skip and Mumford move through a maze of
text: hallways with progressively less foot traffic.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I've never brought anyone down here
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I'm honored.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Doc, there's something about what
dialog: you told me the other night I can't
dialog: get out of my head. It's driving me
dialog: batty --
dialog: (Mumford nods, waits)
dialog: Why me? How did you know you could
dialog: trust me?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You're completely reliable.
text: Skip is pleased. They approach a heavy steel door, the
text: entrance to Skip's Workshop. A VERY OLD SECURITY AIDE sits
text: at the end of the intersecting hallway, watching this area.
text: Skip shouts down there --
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: It's just me, Dino!
text: The old man nods, barely awake.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Skip, I've got a problem and I need
dialog: some advice.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: You want my advice? Far out!
text: Skip puts his hand in a scanning device in the wall. Some
text: lights blink and the heavy metal door pops open a few inches.
text: Skip has to put all his weight into opening the door. He
text: hesitates, suddenly concerned --
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I hope nothing you're about to see
dialog: will shake your faith in me.
text: Mumford reassures him with a look. Skip pushes the door open
text: far enough for them to enter, then pulls it closed behind
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. SKIP'S WORKSHOP - DAY
text: Mumford and Skip enter the large, windowless workspace. What
text: at first appears chaotic is, in fact, carefully organized.
dialog: Many different disciplines interface here:
text: THE BODY SECTION: The first thing one notices -- some
text: incredibly life-like, anatomically correct,
dialog: sculpture/mannequins -- both male and female. You half expect
text: them to breathe. From there, a full wall of forms descends
text: from store mannequins and skeletons all the way down to a
text: huge variety of inflatable sex dolls.
text: THE CYBER SECTION: A dizzying array of computers and screens,
text: some showing wire-form outlines of body parts in repeated
text: motion. Above them, on a huge corkboard, hundreds of computer
text: generated renderings of skin, eyes, limbs, sexual organs.
text: THE BODY PARTS SECTION: Medical models of teeth, eyes, lips,
text: limbs. Hundreds of porn store samples: plastic dildos, rubber
text: vaginas, sucking machines and sundry genitalia.
dialog: THE FORM-CASTING SHOP: All the machinery you need to make
text: rubber and acrylic forms of anything that can be computer
dialog: designed.
text: All these weird objects are set upon shiny, spotless, high-
text: tech work surfaces. Skip watches Mumford move about in awe,
text: picking up the odd item.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Pretty creepy, huh? Are you totally
dialog: disgusted?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: ("no")
dialog: Skip, you're a visionary. That can
dialog: be a burden.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: This doesn't seem a little...
dialog: perverse?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: There are a lot of lonely people in
dialog: the world. Somebody's gonna figure
dialog: this out someday.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: It's not going to be me. I'm giving
dialog: it up.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: It's all your fault. In the last 48
dialog: hours, I've completely lost interest.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What'd I do?
text: Skip looks at Mumford, a wide grin on his face.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Lily.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Lily...
dialog: (gets it)
dialog: ...Skip, that's great! You and Lily.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Oh, she doesn't know about it yet.
dialog: Right now, of the two of us, I'm the
dialog: only one in love. But I'm very stoked.
text: Skip settles in front of the Body Parts section, framed by
text: an array of limbs and sex toys. There's an assembled pelvic
text: section with upper legs lying in the clutter behind him.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Doc, how I can be of help to you?
text: Skip leans back against the table and accidentally hits a
text: button. The pelvic section begins to hump, slowly and
text: sensually, in place. It's amazingly life-like, but it makes
text: a mechanical WHIRRING SOUND. Skip fumbles to turn it off.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Sorry...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Wow.
text: Skip gets the pelvis switched off and turns back to Mumford.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I'm here for you, Doc.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Skip, you know that it's improper --
dialog: completely unethical -- for a licensed
dialog: psychologist to carry on a romantic
dialog: relationship with one of his patients?
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: I guess that makes sense.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Yes, yes it does...
text: Mumford sinks into silence. He begins to wander the room.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: You've fallen in love with one of
dialog: your patients?
text: Mumford nods. Skip is desperate to say something useful.
text: Suddenly, he has an alarming thought.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Doc!... It's not me, is it?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What?
text: Mumford understands and can't stop a laugh.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: No, Skip, it's not you. But I like
dialog: you a lot.
text: Skip is relieved. He has another thought and brightens.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Doc, what about this? You're not
dialog: really a licensed psychologist!
text: Mumford turns to meet Skip's gaze. Skip realizes the
text: ramifications of what he's just said.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Hmm. I guess that doesn't help... I
dialog: see where you're going here. It's a
dialog: mess.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Yep.
scene_heading: INT. DR. DELBANCO'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Lionel is here with Delbanco and Sheeler. This time, Delbanco
text: is behind his desk, Sheeler across the room on the sofa.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Don't you find it incredibly
dialog: convenient that everyone who could
dialog: possibly corroborate his story has
dialog: recently died some exotic death?
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: They're neither all recent nor exotic.
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: But they're certainly dead. And yes,
dialog: personally, I find it a bit odd.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: It could happen. What about his state
dialog: certification exams? The records
dialog: seem to be in order.
text: Lionel's derisive snort is so obnoxious, it's hard to bear.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: What's easier than hacking your way
text: into a state computer and inserting
dialog: some numbers? For all you know he
dialog: never even took the exams!
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: That's true.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: I don't know that it's all that
dialog: easy...
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Doctor, correct me if I'm wrong, but
dialog: it sounds to me like you've gone for
dialog: this guy's story hook, line and bull-
dialog: twaddle.
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: You do seem much more disposed toward
dialog: him than I understand, Ernest. Did I
dialog: miss something?
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Oh, for god's sake, Phyllis -- we
dialog: have no reason to doubt the man! Are
dialog: we listening to Lionel now?
text: Sheeler jumps, so shocked is she by his outburst, and so
text: humiliated for Lionel to witness it. Fighting tears and trying
text: to maintain her dignity, she gathers up her things and walks
text: to the door. Delbanco, immediately contrite, stands up.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: Phyllis, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to
dialog: shout...
speaker_heading: SHEELER
dialog: No, Dr. Delbanco, it is I who am
dialog: sorry. Sorry to have wasted your
dialog: time with such...
text: She breaks into tears and rushes out of the office. Delbanco
text: is left facing Lionel, who gives him exactly the look the
dialog: doctor least wants to see.
scene_heading: INT. LILY'S CAFÉ - DAY
text: Mumford is eating his lunch at the counter. He watches Lily
text: busily working the midday rush. She sees him grinning at
text: her, but doesn't say anything for a while. Finally, blushing --
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Stop it! He's a kid. I'm old enough
dialog: to be his... older sister.
text: Mumford smiles, eats.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY HALL, COOK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mr. Cook opens the front door to Mumford.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Dr. Mumford. Please, come in.
text: Mumford comes in, reluctantly.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Hello, Mr. Cook. I was wondering if
dialog: Sofie was around?
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Were you supposed to have a session?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: No. It's sort of spur of the moment.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, COOK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mumford follows Mr. Cook into the room. Mrs. Cook and Sofie's
text: thirtyish brother, BEN, are in there, watching television.
text: Mrs. Cook keeps knitting; Ben stands to shake Mumford's hand,
text: muting the TV with a remote.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Look who's here. Have you met Sofie's
dialog: moth--
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: -- We've met.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: And our son, Ben...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (vigorously shakes
dialog: hands)
dialog: This is a real honor, Doctor. Have a
dialog: seat, will ya?
text: Mumford continues to stand.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Well, actually, I can't really... Do
dialog: you think I could see Sofie?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I insist! I've been wanting to meet
dialog: you.
text: Mumford sits.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: (icy)
dialog: Sofie's not here.
text: Mumford's surprised. Mr. Cook speaks with some pleasure.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Her friend from the city came and
dialog: took her out to dinner. First time
dialog: in a long time she's been willing.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: A friend?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: We owe that to you. She's perked up
dialog: a lot since you started treating
dialog: her.
text: Mrs. Cook gives Ben a condescending look and keeps knitting.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: What'd you want?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: There's something I think we need to
dialog: talk about.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MR. COOK
dialog: Elizabeth...
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: I think we have a right.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: We certainly do not.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: Keep it zipped, Ben.
text: Ben gives Mumford an exasperated look, but doesn't argue.
speaker_heading: MR. COOK
dialog: Is there something we need to know,
dialog: Dr. Mumford?
text: Mumford is conflicted, not sure what to share with them.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Well... yes, I guess I should tell
dialog: you. I don't think I'm going to be
dialog: able to treat Sofie anymore.
text: Mr. Cook and Ben exchange an alarmed glance. Mrs. Cook
text: actually cheers up.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: Finally, some common sense...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: I think you know what I mean.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: No, I really don't.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: I think you do.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Why don't you tell me?
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: (very calm)
dialog: Why don't you go to hell? It's all a
dialog: bunch of nonsense and you know it.
speaker_heading: MR. COOK
dialog: Elizabeth, I'm tellin' you, stop
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: You're telling me? That's rich...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (standing up)
dialog: I'd better go.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Why can't you see Sofie? I know the
dialog: treatment's working.
text: Mumford looks from Ben to Mr. Cook, who nods his agreement.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Well... you see, the problem is --
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: -- the problem is you're a big fake.
dialog: You haven't got a clue what's wrong
dialog: with that girl.
text: Mumford looks at Mrs. Cook and can't stifle a laugh.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Wow. You're something.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: Take a hike, Dr. Quack!
speaker_heading: MR. COOK
dialog: (ignoring her now)
dialog: What is the problem, Doctor?
text: Mumford can't take his eyes off Mrs. Cook, even as he speaks
dialog: to Mr. Cook.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Problem? I guess there is no
dialog: problem... Uh, this friend of Sofie's,
dialog: where'd he take her?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It's she -- Roxy. Used to work with
dialog: her. I think they went over to The
dialog: Lantern.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Oh, Roxy! Excellent. Roxy.
text: Mrs. Cook looks at him sharply. She's heard what the other
dialog: two have not.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET/ALLEY - DAY
text: Mumford carries a large Fed-Ex box down a side street and
text: into an alley. As he passes a secluded space created by two
text: adjacent buildings, something catches his eye.
text: MUMFORD'S MOVING POV: A young couple is embracing and talking
text: intimately. As they separate, we can see that it is Nessa
text: and Martin Brockett. Martin sees Mumford, but makes no sign.
text: Nessa twists to see what Martin's looking at just as the
text: view is interrupted by a wall.
text: Mumford walks on, mulling what he's seen.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK DOOR, FOLLETT'S PHARMACY - DAY
text: There is a locked security screen at the alley entrance to
text: the back room of the pharmacy, but the door inside is open.
text: When a YOUNG PHARMACIST appears in there, Mumford raps on
text: the metal screen.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY FOLLETT'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Follett's private space is above and at the back of his
text: drugstore. When you sit at his desk and in front of it, as
dialog: Follett and Mumford are doing now, you can see down into the
text: store through a floor-to-ceiling, one-way mirror.
text: The Fed-Ex box sits on the desk between the two men, unopened.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: It's a thought I had.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: Should I open it now?
text: Mumford seems hesitant, but nods. Follett takes out an Exacto
text: knife and makes the first incision, but as he's about to go
text: on, Mumford suddenly reaches out and stops him.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Let me just say something here... I
dialog: have no idea if this is going to
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: What exactly is it supposed to do?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You remember when I asked you about
dialog: pornography --
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: -- I find it degrading. Maximum
dialog: gynecology and minimum turn-on --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: -- and you told me that. Still,
dialog: there's some kind of imagery that's
dialog: haunting you and, I think, getting
dialog: in your way --
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: -- Which I don't necessarily agree.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: But you did come to me.
text: Follett reacts. It's true, even if he keeps forgetting.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: My guess is these images were burned
dialog: into your brain when you were young.
dialog: Maybe if we could nail down the exact
dialog: fantasies that are haunting you --
dialog: maybe you could get past them...
dialog: Anyway, I thought we could try an
dialog: experiment.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: (indicating the box)
dialog: And the experiment is in here?
text: Mumford nods, but suddenly looks depressed, distracted.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You know what? I think this was a
dialog: dumb idea...
text: He starts to take hold of the box.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: ...I just heard myself talking and I
dialog: realize I'm completely unqualified
dialog: to be doing this. Let's forget the
dialog: whole thing.
text: Follett grabs the box back.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: Whoa, whoa, what are you doing? I
dialog: want to know what's in here.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (pulling on the box)
dialog: There's absolutely no reason to think
dialog: this is going to have any impact on
dialog: you. I'm embarrassed to have --
text: Follett stands up and grabs the box, taking sole possession.
dialog: Loud --
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: Hey! I agree with you that you don't
dialog: know what you're talking about. That's
dialog: what I've been saying all along. And
dialog: I can guarantee you that looking at
dialog: the Lost Ark or whatever you got in
dialog: here is not going to mean diddly to
dialog: me...
dialog: (quieting down)
dialog: ...but if you think I'm going to let
dialog: you walk out of here without seeing
dialog: what's in this box, you don't know
dialog: much about Henry A. Follett.
text: Mumford gives up. Follett gestures to ask whether it's safe
text: to put the box on the desk; Mumford reassures him. Now, with
text: much more anticipation and ceremony than before, Follett
text: carefully cuts open the package.
text: THE CONTENTS OF THE BOX is revealed as Follett opens the
text: flaps. There is an inner, brown paper wrapping upon which
text: has been set a low-rent catalogue: "METROPOLITAN COLLECTIBLES --
text: Periodicals, Erotica, Adult Nostalgia." Follett lifts away
dialog: the wrapping --
dialog: There are perhaps a dozen men's magazines of the late fifties
dialog: and early sixties: Nugget, Adam, The Adam Reader, Swank,
dialog: Dude. Plus several cartoon collections: Sex to Sexty, Stag
dialog: Humor. Plus trashy adult novels of the era, with provocative
text: illustrations on the covers: Night Call Nurse, The Neighbors
text: Have No Curtains, Secretarial Sluts, etc. Finally, two video
text: tapes, both of Russ Meyer films: MUDHONEY and COMMON-LAW
speaker_heading: CABIN.
text: We stay CLOSE ON the contents of the box as Follett's hands
text: shuffle through it, rapidly flipping through the pages. Very
dialog: soft-core by today's standards, the common thread is clear:
text: voluptuous, heavy-breathing sirens in tight clothes (and out
text: of them) tempting muscular, he-man drifters or libidinous
text: businessmen. A world of lusty secretaries, siren babysitters,
dialog: and frustrated, neglected wives. In other words, exactly the
text: erotic ambience of Follett's fantasies.
text: SLOW TILT UP TO FOLLETT'S FACE. He is transported, mesmerized,
text: galvanized. In fact, at this moment, as the MUSIC SWELLS, a
text: tear is rolling down his cheek. He dare not take his eyes
text: from this Holy Grail to look up at Mumford. The only thing
dialog: that could wreck his mood now, is --
speaker_heading: YOUNG PHARMACIST (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Follett --
text: Follett jumps, startled from his revery. As the Young
text: Pharmacist steps tentatively into the office, Follett jams
text: everything back into the box as best he can and tries to
dialog: cover it.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: What?! What the hell is so important
dialog: I can't have five minutes --?
text: The Young Pharmacist is cowed and doesn't advance into the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PHARMACIST
dialog: It's her, sir. You told me to get
dialog: you when she came to pick up her
dialog: prescription.
text: It takes Follett a moment to understand, but when he does,
text: his whole manner changes. He dismisses the Young Pharmacist
text: with a nod, then gives a quick, self-conscious glance to
dialog: Mumford.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: Uh, sorry, I'm going to have to...
dialog: (indicates box)
dialog: ...I really appreciate what you're
dialog: trying to... uh, I can't thank you
dialog: enough for...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: My pleasure.
text: Follett heads for the door, pausing briefly at a mirror to
text: check his appearance, pushing at his hair with his palm.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: I'll see you on... whatever...
text: He hurries out. Mumford stands up to leave, but first looks
text: down through the one-way mirror.
text: WHAT HE SEES: Follett hurries up behind the prescription
text: counter, where Althea Brockett is waiting; once again she
text: looks quite sexy. Follett brings her prescription up and
text: begins playfully flirting. Althea is responsive. Follett
text: motions Althea down the aisle, where it's more private. He
text: comes out from behind the counter, ostensibly to show Althea
text: something on the prescription bottle. Althea leans back
text: against some shelves in the same posture as the Landlady in
text: Follett's first fantasy.
text: Mumford reacts, bemused.
scene_heading: EXT. HIKING TRAIL - DAY
text: Mumford and Sofie make their way slowly up the trail. Despite
text: her labored breathing, it's clear Sofie has made enormous
dialog: progress since we first saw her.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: When I was in high school we used to
dialog: come up here and make out. I liked
dialog: to sit on the rock and watch the sun
dialog: go down.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: That's what I like.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Which thing?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Either one.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Why'd you come to the house the other
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I thought I had something to tell
dialog: you. But it turned out I didn't.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: My brother said you were about to
dialog: fire me.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: That's one way to put it.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I bet I know what changed your mind...
dialog: (Mumford looks at her)
dialog: ...My mother. She was so horrible,
dialog: you decided you couldn't desert me.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I thought only action movies had
dialog: villains like that.
text: Sofie gestures ahead.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: That's the cut-off, isn't it?
dialog: (Mumford nods)
dialog: I know why you were going to quit
dialog: seeing me.
text: Mumford slows at this. Sofie heads off the trail into the
dialog: woods.
scene_heading: EXT. BIG ROCK LOOKOUT POINT - DAY
text: Sofie appears first, but she waits for Mumford before she
text: steps tentatively onto the rock. Mumford takes firm hold of
text: her and leads her to a spot where she can securely settle
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: You feel like a fake, an imposter...
text: Mumford looks up, sharply.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: ...as if maybe you don't know what
dialog: you're doing.
text: She puts a hand on his arm.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Everybody feels that way sometimes...
dialog: like we're not who we're supposed to
dialog: be. But I have to tell you, Dr.
dialog: Mumford --
text: He winces at her formality.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: -- you've been a tremendous help to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I can't tell you how much I admire
dialog: you. You have a wonderful way with
dialog: people. And you're very insightful.
dialog: I feel like you've seen me clearly...
dialog: I never used to admit what a horrible
dialog: person my mother was. You've made
dialog: that possible for me.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: That's... good?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Yes! And my ex-husband -- he never
dialog: accepted me for who I was, just like
dialog: Mother. The things you've said have
dialog: helped me understand what a dick he
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I don't know if --
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: You're shockingly honest, that's
dialog: what makes you great. I've never had
dialog: a man treat me this way. With you, I
dialog: feel really... listened to.
dialog: (gives him a look)
dialog: Can I tell you something? It's a
dialog: little embarrassing, but I feel very
dialog: unguarded with you.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Thanks to this therapy, I now know
dialog: what I'm looking for. I need to find
dialog: a man like you.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Not one who's treating me, of course.
dialog: (full of resolve)
dialog: And I'm going to do it, dammit! You've
dialog: given me the confidence.
text: Mumford is in agony.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Sofie... that makes me very happy.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Nessa's on the couch, playing with her usual unlit cigarette.
text: There's an uncharacteristic lightness to her.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: ...I mean, Doc, the dude is seriously
dialog: deluded. I said that to him, I said,
dialog: "If you think I'm gonna do all that
dialog: shit for you, man, you are seriously
dialog: deluded."
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: (can't hide her
dialog: pleasure)
dialog: He said -- "Which we already knew!"
text: Mumford laughs, delighted.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What did he want you to do?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: First off, he tells me to stop smoking
dialog: cigarettes. I told him abso-fuckin'-
dialog: lutely no. As you can see --
text: She holds up the cigarette as though it were her middle
text: finger, flipping the bird.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: Then he says stop smoking dope. No
dialog: again. So then he says he doesn't
dialog: want me getting together with any
dialog: other guys...
text: Mumford doesn't have to see her face to know how much pleasure
text: this gives her, despite her hard-ass cover.
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: ...What balls on this guy? What're
dialog: we...
dialog: (too geeky for her)
dialog: ...going steady? Jesus.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: No again?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: I said I'd consider it. Nobody owns
dialog: me. And the last thing was insane. I
dialog: don't know what's wrong with him...
dialog: No magazines.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: I don't know if I can quit. We're
dialog: gonna try it together, like, you
dialog: know, AA or something. And I made
dialog: him give up his .22. No more sneaking
text: around the hills with his fucking
text: nut gun like some loony tune.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: He agreed?
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: (yes)
dialog: He's pitiful, Doc, a goddam puppy. I
dialog: don't know how much longer I can put
dialog: up with it. I already got two arms
dialog: and legs, I don't need another
dialog: appendage.
text: She takes a look at her watch and immediately lights her
text: cigarette as she stands up --
speaker_heading: NESSA
dialog: Oops... gotta go!
text: She heads toward the waiting room. Mumford gestures to
text: indicate the back door. She waves him off. He shakes his
dialog: head -- no one wants to use the back anymore.
text: Nessa opens the door to the waiting room. Martin Brockett is
text: sitting there. He makes a gesture to Nessa to underline the
text: fact that he is not reading any of the many magazines lying
text: around, then stands up. She goes into his arms like maybe
text: she's the puppy. He beams and looks at Mumford.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hiya, Doc.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Martin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (pulling Nessa tighter)
dialog: Did you straighten her out?
text: Nessa give him an affectionate punch in the side, then blows
text: smoke in his face.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Insane! Didn't ja hear? My family
dialog: got five hundred times better.
dialog: (turning Nessa)
dialog: Let's go, Vanessa.
text: Nessa gives Mumford an embarrassed, "ain't he corny?" look,
text: but as they go out the door, she's never looked happier.
speaker_heading: GILROY (O.S.)
dialog: Doctor Mumford?
text: Mumford is startled to find a man in a suit, GILROY, rising
text: from the chair behind the door. He's got a briefcase and a
text: document in his hand.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I didn't see you there. Can I help
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: GILROY
dialog: My name's Gilroy. I'm from the State
dialog: Certification Board.
text: He proffers the document in his hand, but Mumford doesn't
dialog: take it.
speaker_heading: GILROY
dialog: It's all right, it won't bite you.
dialog: Under civil code 1294.67b you are
dialog: entitled to be notified that your
dialog: status and certification are being
dialog: reviewed. This is the notice.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (takes the paper)
dialog: Do you want to come in?
speaker_heading: GILROY
dialog: (already leaving)
dialog: No thanks. Plenty of time for that
dialog: when we're a little further along.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Mr. Gilroy --
text: Gilroy stops, outside door already open.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What brought this on?
speaker_heading: GILROY
dialog: I'm not at liberty to say. Sometimes
dialog: it's just routine, sometimes there's
dialog: been a complaint. We'll be in touch.
text: He goes out. Mumford considers the paper in his hands,
dialog: thoughts elsewhere.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON A PACKING CARTON half full of books. PULLING BACK
text: and FLOATING OVER other boxes, half-packed with Mumford's
text: personal belongings -- he doesn't have a lot. On the bed, an
text: open suitcase with a few clothes thrown in. We're STILL MOVING
text: across the room and out onto the porch, to REVEAL Mumford in
text: his chair, nursing a beer, looking up at the starry sky.
text: Mumford HEARS THE SHOWER GO ON downstairs at Lily's. Then
text: the MURMUR AND GIGGLE of a wet couple.
speaker_heading: SKIP (O.S.)
dialog: Far out!
text: Mumford smiles. He gets up and goes inside, closing the door
text: behind him so as not to violate their privacy. He goes to
text: the suitcase, takes out some clothes and begins putting them
text: back in the dresser. Right now, he's not going anywhere.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: EXTREME CLOSE-UP of Ernest Delbanco. We can't tell where he
text: is at first. As he speaks, we PULL BACK to REVEAL him lying
text: on Mumford's couch -- a patient.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: ...and when you said at lunch about
dialog: everybody having "a secret life",
dialog: something just snapped inside me. I
dialog: knew I could no longer continue my
dialog: relationship with Dr. Sheeler. It
dialog: was tearing me up inside. And I know
dialog: Phyllis wasn't getting what she needed
dialog: from it. What had started as a genuine
dialog: respect, I think, for each other's
dialog: professional abilities, and became,
dialog: over time, a personal attraction had
dialog: somehow... migrated into a rather
dialog: torrid sexual relationship...
text: Across the room, Mumford sits, chin in hand, displaying no
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: ...I won't go into that today. Though,
dialog: if we should continue these sessions,
dialog: as I certainly hope we will, there
dialog: are some aspects of that I would
dialog: like to look at. God knows, I've
dialog: listened to enough people giving me
dialog: the juicy --
dialog: (catches himself)
dialog: ...At any rate, I just wanted to
dialog: acknowledge the catalyzing effect
dialog: your comment had on me. I just hope
dialog: that it doesn't come roiling back
dialog: upon you like some dreadful undertow.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: How do you mean?
dialog: This next is painful for Delbanco.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: Well... you see, when I broke it off
dialog: with Phyllis, she was naturally upset
dialog: and she became more determined than
dialog: ever to pursue certain -- how to put
dialog: it -- doubts she's been harboring...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What kind of doubts?
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: About you... your background and
dialog: your qualifications. I'm afraid
dialog: Phyllis somehow got you mixed up in
dialog: her fury with me, and actually took
dialog: the whole issue to the state board.
text: Mumford digests this.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: And please, for whatever small way I
dialog: may have encouraged this, accept my
dialog: apologies.
dialog: (brightens)
dialog: There is good news, though.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
text: Phyllis has decided to leave town
dialog: and pursue her practice in the city.
dialog: Which leaves you the only psychologist
dialog: in town.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Dr. Sheeler is leaving Mumford? I'm
dialog: sorry to hear that.
speaker_heading: DELBANCO
dialog: As you can imagine, my own feelings
dialog: about this are mixed... Unlike, I
dialog: must say, those of my wife.
text: Mumford's head snaps up. He had no idea Delbanco was married.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION, SMALL TOWN (IN HENRY FOLLETT'S FANTASY) -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: We (CAMERA) are being pummelled by three SMALL TOWN TOUGHS
text: behind Old Man Sutter's gas station/diner in the Follett's
text: fantasy town. [In BLACK &amp; WHITE.] Beyond them, Old Man
text: Sutter's stacked YOUNG WIFE watches in horror from the
dialog: backdoor of the building. We DO NOT SEE The Newcomer yet.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: Old Man Sutter's young bride had got
dialog: me in hot water all right, and now I
dialog: was bein' dealt the beating of my
dialog: life. If there'd just been two of
dialog: those bastards it would have been a
dialog: little closer...
text: One of the Toughs winds up and delivers the coup de grace.
text: CUT TO BLACK, then FADE UP ON:
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC ROOM, BOARDING HOUSE - DAY
text: STILL IN SUBJECTIVE CAMERA as the concerned Landlady, cleavage
text: foremost, stands away from us, having patted the unseen
text: Newcomer's face with a washcloth. Beyond her, near the half-
text: open door, stands her Cheerleader Daughter, worriedly chewing
text: on her thumb.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: The Landlady was good at quite a few
dialog: things, but doctoring wasn't one of
dialog: them...
text: CUT TO REVERSE and see the hero, who this time is actually
text: played by Henry Follett, appearing in his own fantasy for
text: the first time. He's lying in bed, his face bruised in the
dialog: manner of a fifties movie.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: ...Lucky for me, one of the other
dialog: boarders, the broad who lived
text: downstairs in the front room...
text: BACK AT THE DOOR, the Cheerleader hears someone coming and
text: steps aside to make way for -- Althea Brockett, dressed now
text: in a nurse's uniform so tight the buttons are straining.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: ...was a nurse...
text: As the Landlady and the Cheerleader retreat out the door,
text: Althea the Nurse sways forward toward the bed bearing bandages
text: and a bowl of steaming water, a lascivious look of concern
text: on her face.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT (V.O.)
dialog: ...and she had ways to make you feel
dialog: better they didn't teach in nursing
dialog: school.
text: Althea the Nurse places a bandage over Follett's eyes,
text: BLACKING OUT THE SCENE.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S OFFICE - (PRESENT) DAY
text: Mumford sits beaming at Henry Follett on the couch. Mumford's
text: glance takes in the clock and he stands up, signalling the
text: end of the session. Follett snaps out of his revery and gets
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I'm very happy for you, Henry.
text: Mumford, surprisingly, takes Follett's hand and shakes it
dialog: vigorously.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I feel like we're making real progress
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: FOLLETT
dialog: Me too, Doc. And I can't tell you
dialog: what that package meant to me --
text: Mumford stops him with a "don't mention it" gesture. Follett
text: accepts and goes out the back door. Mumford is pleased someone
dialog: still wants to use that door.
text: Mumford returns to his desk and begins reading some papers
text: when he HEARS the entry door to the waiting room. Not
text: expecting anyone, he checks the clock, then goes to his office
text: door and opens it.
text: Sofie is standing there, very agitated, just about to knock.
text: She peers past him to see if he's alone.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I need to talk to you... Doctor. Can
dialog: I come in?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Of course.
text: Sofie sits on the couch. Mumford sits in his chair, facing
text: her. Her voice is as strained as her manner.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: We haven't met in this office since
dialog: that first time. This is how a real
dialog: professional and his client are
dialog: supposed to see each other.
text: Mumford waits.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: It might've been more appropriate if
dialog: we had followed a traditional approach
dialog: to the doctor-patient relationship.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Is something wrong, Sofie?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Yes, something's very wrong, Dr.
dialog: Mumford.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You're upset.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: How intuitive! That must take years
dialog: of training right there. Maybe you
dialog: can guess what has upset me.
text: Mumford considers a long moment, several scenarios racing
dialog: through his mind. Finally, carefully --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Is it something you've heard about
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: No, it is not something I've heard
dialog: about you! It is someth--
dialog: (stops suddenly)
dialog: Why? Is there something I should
dialog: have heard about you?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Why don't you tell me what's on your
dialog: mind?
text: Sofie suddenly finds it difficult to look into his eyes, she
text: looks around frenetically for a moment. Then, indicating the
dialog: couch --
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: May I?
text: Mumford gestures "of course." Sofie swings her legs up and
text: lies on the couch so they can no longer see each other's
text: face. (It's the most vigorous movement she's yet shown us.)
text: This seems to help Sofie a bit.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: All right... I'm going to come right
dialog: out and say this, because that's
dialog: what your shrink is for, right, so
dialog: you can tell him what's bothering
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Um-huh.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: (tone still rough)
dialog: First of all, I have been feeling
dialog: much better lately. I don't know if
dialog: the syndrome is over -- if it's just
dialog: run its course or something -- but I
dialog: feel a hundred per cent better than
dialog: when I first came to you.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I'm glad.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Given that, I'm obviously not going
dialog: to be judging things in the most
dialog: realistic way.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I don't follow you.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: I'm saying that since I'm doing so
dialog: much better -- which I attribute to
dialog: you -- I'm liable to misinterpret
dialog: some of my feelings.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (tentative)
dialog: Okay...
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: The point is this -- I am not a blank
dialog: page. I did not just fall off the
dialog: turnip truck. Do you know what I
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I know a little about psychology. I
dialog: took three different courses in
dialog: college. It's true, none of them
dialog: were above the two hundred level,
dialog: but I took them... And there was one
dialog: concept I remember very well.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Transference!
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Transference.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Yes, and that is what I have got
dialog: right now. I have taken my feelings
dialog: of gratitude... and relief... and
dialog: transferred them onto... you. I have
dialog: taken all those warm, grateful
dialog: emotions and confused them with
dialog: feelings for you... So that now I am
dialog: under the delusion...
dialog: (a deep breath)
dialog: ...that I am in love with you.
text: Mumford appears frozen in his chair. There is a heavy silence
text: in the room. Sofie does not look back there.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I think you can understand why I
dialog: have some serious questions about
dialog: your methods. I mean, obviously it
dialog: becomes much more likely that I'm
dialog: going to have confusion about this
dialog: when your idea of treatment is to go
text: walking in the woods and up to make-
dialog: outs-ville and do all these highly
dialog: romantic activities --
text: Suddenly, Sofie's voice cracks. She is starting to cry, but
text: refuses to acknowledge it.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: -- We had a paper route together,
dialog: for godssake! Do you understand how
dialog: I might be a little resentful? Knowing
dialog: that this so-called "love" I'm feeling
dialog: is totally bogus, and just a pathetic
dialog: case of... transference?
text: Mumford doesn't know what to say. He's on the rack. Finally --
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Yes.
text: Silence. Then Sofie gets up, wiping at tears with the back
text: of her bare hand. Mumford jumps up to offer her a tissue,
text: but she ignores it. She will not meet his gaze.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Maybe you ought to think about how
dialog: you're going to fix this. And when
dialog: you do...
dialog: (suddenly losing her
dialog: will)
dialog: ...please get back to me.
text: Sofie turns to go out through the waiting room, but after a
text: step, she stops, pirouettes and goes out the back.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DUPLEX HOUSE - MAGIC
text: Mumford comes up the street, lost in thought, and turns into
text: the driveway toward his stairs. Ainge leaps over the front
text: yard fence. Mumford pets the dog distractedly, still moving.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Hey, Ainge.
text: Lily rises up suddenly from where she's been working in the
dialog: garden.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Doc...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (keeps walking)
dialog: Lily.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Doc.
text: Mumford reluctantly stops. Lily comes up to the fence.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I don't want you to be mad at Skip...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: He told you.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: (yes)
dialog: Skip and I wouldn't have got together
dialog: if it weren't for you. That's a big
dialog: deal.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (dismisses it)
dialog: You would have met in some shower
dialog: eventually...
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: I want to give you something. Will
dialog: you let me?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Thanks, Lily, I don't need anything.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Yes, you do, you damn well do.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (can't fight)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Here it is, some advice -- do the
dialog: hard thing.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: That's it? That's what you're giving
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Clean up the mess. No matter what it
dialog: takes.
text: Mumford leans down to pet Ainge.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What it might take is... doing time.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Too bad. That's tough, I mean it.
dialog: I'm not unsympathetic. But Skip says
dialog: you're in love.
text: Mumford straightens, looks at Lily and acknowledges it.
speaker_heading: LILY
dialog: Then it's worth it.
text: Mumford looks at Lily a long moment, then leans over the
text: fence and kisses her on the forehead. Ainge jumps back over
text: to her side.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I'll tell her tonight.
text: Mumford turns and continues toward his stairs.
scene_heading: INT. MUMFORD'S APARTMENT - MAGIC
text: Mumford comes in, drops his coat, gets a carton of orange
text: juice out of the fridge and drinks directly from it.
text: Distracted, he picks up the remote from the kitchen counter
text: and switches on the TV, then opens his freezer and stares
dialog: inside.
text: UNSOLVED MYSTERIES comes on. The opening segment previews a
text: story about a couple who claim to have had a visitation from
text: Gianni Versace, then one about a yacht that went down near
text: Venezuela. ROBERT STACK, in his characteristic fragmented
text: delivery, intones the preview for the last story, accompanied
dialog: by appropriate footage:
speaker_heading: ROBERT STACK
dialog: ...A drug rehabilitation center in
dialog: the lonely southwestern desert...
text: run by reclusive monks... becomes
text: the point of departure in a mysterious
dialog: vanishing...
text: A CLOSE-UP of an IRS identification card featuring a picture
text: of a younger Mumford, badly photographed in suit and tie.
text: His name is not visible.
speaker_heading: ROBERT STACK
dialog: ...as an intrepid government
dialog: investigator disappears -- without a
dialog: trace.
text: In the kitchen, Mumford spins to look. DISSOLVE TO:
text: LATER IN THE PROGRAM. Documentary shots of IRS Headquarters,
text: etc., are INTERCUT with hokey-looking re-enactments from
text: Mumford's life -- with a YOUNG ACTOR who looks vaguely like
text: Mumford playing him.
text: IN MUMFORD'S APARTMENT the telephone is RINGING. Clearly,
text: it's not the first time. Mumford, watching the show intently,
text: lifts the headset an inch from the cradle and then hangs up.
text: When it immediately RINGS AGAIN, Mumford takes it off the
text: hook, cuts off the call, and buries the headset under a sofa
dialog: cushion.
text: ON THE SHOW: scenes of tax investigation -- in the show's
text: version the IRS guys have drawn guns and are storming houses --
text: are interspersed with scenes of sordid drug-taking.
speaker_heading: ROBERT STACK
dialog: ...despite brilliant promise as a
dialog: fearless investigator... found himself
text: on a downward spiral of drug abuse
dialog: and dissolution...
text: MUMFORD'S SISTER, the real thing, a plain, middle-aged West
text: Virginia woman, appears in a "dramatic", badly-lit interview.
text: (As with all the interviewees, she is identified by a supered
dialog: title.)
speaker_heading: MUMFORD'S SISTER
dialog: ...we didn't talk much after our
dialog: folks died, but I know he felt his
dialog: life had taken a wrong turn...
text: A snapshot of some IRS-era party, happy revelers posing for
text: a flash. Camera PUSHES IN on Mumford, smiling and high, his
text: neck encircled by Gregory's arm. Candy is on the other side
dialog: of Gregory.
text: A shot of the Pennsylvania Turnpike as a State Police Cruiser
text: zips by.
speaker_heading: ROBERT STACK
dialog: His former undercover partner at the
dialog: IRS... is now a trooper with the
dialog: Pennsylvania State Police...
text: GREGORY, in State Police uniform, with a sadistic glint in
text: his eye, is interviewed by the roadside, cars whipping by.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: The guy was obsessed... didn't always
dialog: know where to draw the line... but I
dialog: would have trusted him with my wife --
dialog: er, my life --
dialog: (looks off camera,
dialog: laughing)
dialog: -- What'd I say? Both, actually...
dialog: (gets serious again)
dialog: ...I can't say I was surprised,
dialog: though, when he disappeared.
text: Ragged telephoto shots of the Drug Rehab Center in the desert,
text: low, innocuous adobe buildings.
speaker_heading: ROBERT STACK
dialog: Who was this enigma... a courageous
dialog: public servant or a debauched
dialog: addict?... Either way, his last known
dialog: stop was here... isolated in the
dialog: Arizona desert... taken in by an
dialog: order of devoted monks...
text: IN AN ARIZONA TOWN, a monk with a clerical collar, BROTHER
text: TIMOTHY, is loading groceries into the back of a pick-up.
text: He's being ambush interviewed. He's polite, but not
dialog: cooperative.
scene_heading: BROTHER TIMOTHY
dialog: We don't talk about the people who've
dialog: been our guests... but I can tell
dialog: you this about our order -- we believe
dialog: everybody has the right to start
dialog: over... everybody deserves a second
dialog: chance.
text: Shots of wind-swept desert, cactus, and dust-blown highway.
speaker_heading: ROBERT STACK
dialog: And perhaps... that is exactly the
dialog: chance the now-sober pilgrim took...
text: on a blustery November day... walking
dialog: away from the rehab center... never
dialog: to be heard from again...
scene_heading: MUMFORD'S SISTER AGAIN:
speaker_heading: MUMFORD'S SISTER
dialog: I'd like to know if he's alive. If
dialog: he is, I just hope he's happy and
dialog: his new life is...
dialog: (not sure how to put
dialog: it)
dialog: ...well, I hope he's found what he
dialog: was looking for...
text: Mumford, in his apartment, watches with real emotion.
text: His sister's face DISSOLVES into a new snapshot of Mumford,
text: dressed in an Orkin Exterminator uniform, as the MUSIC on
text: the show comes up. A 1-800 telephone number appears across
text: the bottom of the frame.
speaker_heading: ROBERT STACK
dialog: If you have any information about
dialog: this man or know anything about his
dialog: whereabouts, contact the Sheriff's
dialog: Department in Cochise County, Arizona,
dialog: or call this number...
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH, THE DUPLEX HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mumford comes out to the rail and looks off over the town of
dialog: Mumford.
text: WHAT HE SEES (or imagines he sees): all across the nightscape,
text: one window in every house is glowing blue with flickering TV
dialog: light.
scene_heading: EXT. COOK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: MOVING IN on the porch steps. Mumford runs into the shot. In
text: fact, he's run the whole way from his place and he's out of
text: breath. He takes the porch steps three at a time, rings the
text: doorbell, and waits.
text: Mrs. Cook peeks out, then opens the front door, an especially
text: sour look on her face. She speaks through the screen door.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: Well, look who's here...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Good evening, Mrs. Cook.
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: Just who is here, can you tell me?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Could I see Sofie, please?
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: No, you can not. I wouldn't know who
dialog: to say is calling.
speaker_heading: SOFIE (O.S.)
dialog: Mother...
text: Mrs. Cook glances inside at the as-yet-unseen Sofie, then
dialog: hisses at Mumford --
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: I could see right through you from
dialog: the start, you imposter. I know what
dialog: you're after. I knew it then and I
dialog: know it now!
text: Sofie appears behind her mother.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Mother...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: What do you think I'm after, Mrs.
dialog: Cook?
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: Sofie. It's so obvious... you're
dialog: after my daughter.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Well, I gotta say, Mrs. Cook, you're
dialog: right about that.
text: Both Sofie and Mrs. Cook are set back for a moment. Mrs.
dialog: Cook recovers fastest --
speaker_heading: MRS. COOK
dialog: It'll never happen! You're in big
dialog: trouble, mister.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: (scary strong)
dialog: Mother... go away!
text: Mr. Cook suddenly appears, takes Mrs. Cook by the arm and
text: makes her vanish. Sofie and Mumford are left alone. She looks
text: at him through the screen.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I guess you saw the show...?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Which show was that?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Sofie...
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Part of it. We were watching "ER"
dialog: until someone called.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You probably got the idea.
text: Sofie comes outside. She doesn't get too close or look at
text: him as she walks to the other end of the porch.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Do you know what a betrayal this
dialog: is?...
dialog: Mumford knows.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: ...How violated I feel?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: You're not the only one...
text: Sofie turns sharply to look at him, ready to blow up.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: You feel violated?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Not me... all my other my patients.
dialog: I smelled tar and feathers on the
dialog: way over here.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: You deserve it.
text: Mumford agrees. He watches her closely.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I should be irate.
text: Mumford immediately perks up. Sofie tries to correct --
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I am irate!
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: (grabbing at the thread)
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: But nothing... I'm mad as hell. This
dialog: is a terrible thing you've done.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I know it! Please believe me, I know
dialog: that...
text: Mumford steps closer to her.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: But, there is one... mitigating factor
dialog: I want you to consider before you
dialog: write me off.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Will you think about it?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I don't know. Depends. I'm in a bad
dialog: mood.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I love you. More than I've ever loved
dialog: anyone or anything in my life.
text: She looks into his eyes.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I want to spend the rest of my life
dialog: with you... but I'm not sure you
dialog: feel the same way.
text: She regards him for several moments, her mind racing.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: I sort of do...
text: Mumford feels joy. Now, finally, he takes her in his arms.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: ...but first, you have to tell me
dialog: something...
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Anything... just ask.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: What is your name?
text: As Mumford breaks into a huge grin, CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM, MUMFORD COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Mumford is at the defense table. Lionel is his lawyer. Sofie,
text: Mr. Cook and Ben sit right behind the rail.
speaker_heading: JUDGE OTTO (O.S.)
dialog: The defendant will rise.
text: Mumford and Lionel stand up.
speaker_heading: JUDGE OTTO (O.S.)
dialog: Sit down, Lionel.
text: Lionel sits down, squelched again. We see JUDGE OTTO for the
text: first time, a tough guy in his sixties.
speaker_heading: JUDGE OTTO
dialog: Clarence Norman White, do you
dialog: understand how serious are the crimes
dialog: with which you have been charged?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: JUDGE OTTO
dialog: Do you realize how insidious it is
dialog: to invade the most private thoughts
dialog: and secret lives of unsuspecting
dialog: people?...
dialog: WE SEE there's a pretty big turnout for this hearing.
text: Prominent among the onlookers: Lily and Skip, sitting
text: together; Nessa and Martin, holding hands; Dr. Delbanco and
scene_heading: MRS. DELBANCO. Gilroy, from the State Certification Board,
text: sits with the PROSECUTOR.
speaker_heading: JUDGE OTTO
dialog: ...People who have come to you with
dialog: the faith that you know what you're
dialog: doing... and that you are who you
dialog: say you are?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Yes, your honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE OTTO
dialog: It means absolutely nothing to me
dialog: that so many of your patients have
dialog: come forward with praise for you and
dialog: your therapeutic skills. You
dialog: understand that?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Yes.
text: Follett is sitting in one of the back rows, apparently alone.
text: But now he looks down the row. Althea is sitting down at the
text: end in a stylish suit, completely appropriate, but a size
dialog: too small.
text: She gives Follett a sidelong glance, then crosses her legs
text: provocatively. Whatever fantasy they're currently enacting
dialog: is working really well for both of them.
speaker_heading: JUDGE OTTO
dialog: Mr. White, I am frustrated that the
dialog: criminal code in this state allows a
dialog: maximum sentence of only six months
dialog: and a maximum fine of only $2000.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I'm sorry, your honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE OTTO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I'm sorry you're frustrated.
speaker_heading: JUDGE OTTO
dialog: Are you disrespecting this court,
dialog: Mr. White?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: No, sir. I was empathizing. Sorry.
speaker_heading: JUDGE OTTO
dialog: Maybe you can empathize with this --
dialog: Maximum fine. Three months in jail,
text: three months house arrest. Sentence
dialog: to begin immediately at the Orchard
dialog: Valley Correctional Facility. Case
dialog: closed. This court is adjourned.
text: The judge slams down his gavel, stands up and stalks out. A
text: DEPUTY moves in to take custody of Mumford. Lionel stands up
dialog: and leans in --
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: It's a country club. Don't worry
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Thanks for your help, Lionel.
text: Mumford turns to face the Cooks. Mr. Cook and Ben shake his
text: hand like he's just won something. Lionel addresses them all
dialog: with his usual self-satisfaction --
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: I'll have him out in half the time.
text: WE PUSH IN on Mumford and Sofie, who embrace.
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: You got off easy.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Will you wait for me?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: We're only talking about six weeks.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Will you be here?
speaker_heading: SOFIE
dialog: Of course... I haven't got the energy
dialog: to get out of town that fast.
text: They kiss. The Deputy takes Mumford's arm, and we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STATE CORRECTIONAL SEDAN - DAY
text: Mumford is alone in the backseat, handcuffed to a metal
text: restraint. A lone COUNTY CORRECTIONAL OFFICER is up front,
text: driving. There's a heavy security screen divider between
text: front and back.
speaker_heading: CORRECTIONAL OFFICER
dialog: Better make yourself comfortable. We
dialog: got a three hour drive here.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: I'm fine.
speaker_heading: CORRECTIONAL OFFICER
dialog: You're the shrink, aren't you?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: No, not really.
speaker_heading: CORRECTIONAL OFFICER
dialog: But you do therapy?
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Not any more.
text: They ride along in silence. At peace, Mumford watches the
dialog: town go by. Finally --
speaker_heading: CORRECTIONAL OFFICER
dialog: I'll tell you, Doc, the wife and I,
dialog: we got a little bit of a problem.
dialog: Would you mind if I just ran it by
dialog: you?
text: The Correctional Officer watches Mumford in the rear view
text: mirror, waiting hopefully. Mumford ponders the question a
text: long time, then gives a "what the hell" shrug.
speaker_heading: MUMFORD
dialog: Go ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET, EDGE OF TOWN - DAY
text: The State Correctional Sedan heads out of the business
text: district toward the highway, leaving the town of Mumford
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
