speaker_heading: MUNICH
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Tony Kushner and Eric Roth
dialog: Based on the Book ‘'Vengeance’’ by George Jonas
dialog: we
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM, MUNICH - NIGHT (NEP STADIUM) i
text: The Munich flag is flying over the stadium. Past the flag,
text: in a distance, the fence that encloses the Olympic Village.
text: tn the dark outside the Village, a group of eight men in
text: track suits, carrying heavy duffel bags, are silently,
text: rapidly moving towards the perimeter fence.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 2
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE A PERIMETER FENCE OF THE OLYMPIC VILLAGE, MUNICH
scene_heading: - EARLY MORNING, 4AM (NEP STADIUM)
text: Paolo, the first of 8 fedayeen, dressed as athletes in track
text: suits, carrying duffel bags, are climbing over the wire
dialog: fence.
text: A group of American athletes, happy and drunk, comes ambling
text: down the sidewalk towards the Palestinians,laughing, trying
text: to be quiet. The Palestinians freeze, looking at one another,
text: alarmed; one of their number is halfway over the fence. Tony
text: starts to unzip his duffel bag, ready to go for his gun.
text: Issa stops him, saying something softly in Arabic. The
text: Americans gather around the Palestinians.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN ATHLETE (CASTING TBD)
dialog: Aw shame shame ! Closin’ down the
dialog: biergarten! Hundred meter dash
dialog: powered by knockwurst and lager!
text: Issa smiles at him, shrugs to indicate he doesn’t understand.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN ATHLETE (CASTING TBD)
dialog: Where you guys from? What’s your
dialog: event?
speaker_heading: AMERICAN ATHLETE (CASTING TBD)
dialog: He doesn’t speak English, man.
dialog: Let's help ‘em over.
text: The athlete squats, cups his hands, indicates that he'll give
text: Issa a boost over the fence. Issa indicates to one of his
text: men to take the offer. The Americans cheerfully help the
text: Palestinians climb over the fence, handing them their duffel
dialog: bags.
text: Over the fence, the Americans and Palestinians shake hands
text: and the Americans walk off toward their building. The
text: Palestinians are surprised and amused, and also very nervous.
speaker_heading: 3A
text: EXT. AN ALLEY BETWEEN TWO BUILDINGS NEAR THE FENCE, OLYMPIGA
scene_heading: VILLAGE, MUNICH - EARLY MORNING, 4AM (NEP STADIUM)
text: The fedayeen are taking off their tracks suits, revealing
text: ordinary clothes underneath.
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC VILLAGE - EARLY MORNING (STAGE/ICE RINK) 4
text: The Palestinians walk as a group through the sleeping
text: Village, down an avenue of modern apartment buildings. They
text: arrive at 31 Connollystrasse and stop.
text: They enter the building.
scene_heading: INT. THE HALLWAY OUTSIDE APARTMENT 1, 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE - 5
scene_heading: EARLY MORNING, 4AM (STAGE/ICE RINK)
text: The Palestinians are silently removing their rifles from
text: their duffel bags.
text: One by one we see them put stocking masks over their heads.
text: They all look..scared; some are eager, some just scared. They
text: look at each other once the masks are on, giving each other
dialog: courage.
text: A close-up on Issa’s face, serious and intelligent; his eyes.
text: Issa motions to the others to be ready. He slowly inserts a
text: passkey into the lock of the door of the apartment. He turns
text: the key as guietly as he can. Very gently and slowly he
text: begins to open the door.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE APARTMENT 1, FRONT BEDROOM, 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE +
scene_heading: EARLY MORNING, 4AM (STAGE ICE/RINK)
text: On the other side of the door, Yossef Gutfreund, a wrestling
text: referee, sees that the door is being opened by a man wearing
text: amask. He sees the glint of light on a machine gun barrel.
text: He shouts to wake up the others. Then he hurls himself
text: against the door. Someone on the other side manages to shove
text: the barrel of an AK-47 in the way before the door can close.
text: Guttfreund is struggling mightily against eight men to hold
dialog: the door closed
text: Behind him, Tuvia Sokolovsky leaps up, breaks the glass in a
text: window and starts to crawl out.
text: Down the hall in another bedroom, Moshe Weinberg, the
text: wrestling coach, half-asleep in shorts and a t-shirt, is seen
text: scrambling out of bed.
text: He turns into the apartment to scream out a warning to the
dialog: other athletes
speaker_heading: TV SCREEN:
scene_heading: 7 ISRAELI BROADCASTING AUTHORITY'S SPECIAL MUNICH COVERAGE 7
text: Black-and-white, the Israeli anchor sitting at a strange
text: angle in front of an aerial shot of the Olympic Stadium:
scene_heading: ISRAELI NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: Good morning from Munich. 36 Years
dialog: have passed since Jewish blood was
text: spilled. The blood of 6 million.
dialog: This morning Germany absorbed the
dialog: blood of one or two of the Israeli
dialog: delegation to the Olympics.
scene_heading: TA INT. AN APARTMENT IN TEL AVIV - BARELY DAWN TA
text: General Zvi Zamir is struggling out of his pajamas while
text: watching television. His wife is in her bathrobe, crying.
text: Several IDF officers are standing behind them, waiting.
speaker_heading: ISRAELI NEWS ANCHOR (V.0.)
dialog: There is great uncertainty about
dialog: how many Israelis are being held
text: hostage in the apartment at 31
dialog: Connollystrasse in the Olympic
dialog: Village.
dialog: Moshe Weinberg, the weight-lifting
dialog: coach, was reportedly shot twice in
text: the head, once in the stomach, and
text: then dragged outside, where he
dialog: died.
speaker_heading: curT TO TV
speaker_heading: SCREEN:
text: 7B A BEC REPORTER IS STANDING NEAR THE BUILDING IN THE OLYMPIC’B
text: VILLAGE IN WHICH THE ATHLETES ARE BEING HELD.
scene_heading: BBC WORLD NEWS REPORTER
dialog: ~- and it now appears that this
dialog: group, calling itself Black
text: September, has tossed a piece of
text: Paper out the window of the
dialog: apartment, a list of demands --
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: 8A
speaker_heading: oA
text: (NOTE: ISSA‘S FACE IS BLACKENED WITH SHOEPOLISH IN THIS STOCK
text: FOOTAGE, SO HE SHOULD HAVE A BLACKENED FACE IN FUTURE
dialog: SCENES. }
scene_heading: EXT. A BAR ON A STREET IN HAIFA - EARLY MORNING 8
text: The bar has opened its doors and a television set is propped
text: up on a table. A large crowd of Israelis, men, women,
dialog: schoolkids, secular and religious people, a few Arab-
text: Israelis, have gathered around.
speaker_heading: BBC WORLD NEWS REPORTER (V.O.}
dialog: They want what they call “the
dialog: Israeli war machine” to release 200
dialog: Arabs in Israeli prisons which it
dialog: insists are political prisoners,
dialog: held without trial, or the hostages
dialog: will be killed. The terrorist
text: communique ends with an appeal for
dialog: “revolutionaries of the world to
dialog: unite.”
scene_heading: INT. IN GOLDA MEIR’S HOUSE -~ EARLY MORNING : 8A
text: Golda in the dark, in silhouette, recognizable only by her
text: profile and the frizzy hair, in a housecoat, cup of coffee
text: and cigarette, watching.
text: A German reporter, whe can be seen standing near the BBC
dialog: reporter.
scene_heading: GERMAN REPORTER (IN GERMAN, SUBTITLED
speaker_heading: IN ARABIC)
dialog: The deadline for the release of the
dialog: Palestinian prisoners is only two
dialog: and a half hours from now.
dialog: The governor of the state of
dialog: Bavaria and the FDR Minister of the
dialog: Interior are working to arrange a
text: meeting with Issa, the head of the
dialog: Black September group --
speaker_heading: OMIT 9
speaker_heading: OMITTED oA
scene_heading: 10 INT. A COMMON ROOM SOMEWHERE IN THE OLYMPIC VILLAGE ~- EARLYO
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON (NEP STADIUM)
text: Olympic athletes from around the world are watching the
text: German Minister of the Interior doing a press conference.
text: Camera crews and individual photographers are filming them
text: watching TV. Journalists from the USA, Spain and Italy are
dialog: interviewing athletes from USSR (2), USA, Mexico, Japan,
text: Sweden and Kenya. There's a murmur of translation into many
dialog: languages.
scene_heading: MINISTER OF THE INTERIOR (GERMAN)
dialog: The peace of the Olympics games has
text: been shattered by a murderous band
dialog: of criminal terrorists. The whole
dialog: world views this deplorable deed
dialog: with disgust.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 10A INT. UPSTAIRS APARTMENT ONE FRONT ROOM AT 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSH —
scene_heading: — AFTERNOON (STAGE .ICE/RINK). o
text: All nine athletes are sitting on the floor, bound at the
text: wrists and feet and to one another in groups of 3. The
text: fedayeen stand around, holding onto their AK47s.
dialog: Two of the fedayeen have been hurt: Salah(aka Afif Ahmed
text: Hamid) has a bloody bandage wrapped around his head-- there's
text: a knife wound in his forehead. The left side of Badran’s
text: face is a swollen gory mess, a punch having cut him and
text: knocked out teeth.
text: The television is on. Everyone’s watching Paolo pull a
text: stocking mask over his head, pick up his gun and step out of
text: the room onto the balcony.
text: They watch him through the window, leaning over the balcony
text: railing. His image simultaneously appears on TV. One of the
text: fedayeen, Tony, notices the TV, nudges Abu-Halah, who looks
text: at the TV. Then Tony turns to one of the athletes:
speaker_heading: TONY (IN HEBREW: )}
text: Everyone's watching. Everyone in
dialog: the world.
text: The athletes also turn from watching out the balcony to
text: watching the image on TV.
scene_heading: (PLAYBACK ~~ STOCK FOOTAGE)
speaker_heading: LIA
scene_heading: INT. A SMALL CINDERBLOCK HOUSE IN AIDA REFUGEE CAMP OUTSIDH1
scene_heading: BETHLEHEM ~- AFTERNOON
text: A large group of Palestinian woman are crowded in front of a
text: television. There's no sound.
scene_heading: cuT TO TV SCREEN: LiA
text: In silence, the famous footage of the man ~~ Paolo ~~ on the
text: balcony, bending to look down and around, wearing the
text: stocking mask.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: 11 CONTINT. THE HOUSE IN AIDA REFUGEE CAMP - AFTERNOON 11 CONT'D.
speaker_heading: 11B
speaker_heading: i1lBB
text: The women, watching, are discussing in murmurs what they see:
text: On their TV, the same footage of Paulo on the balcony. Some
text: of the women are shaking their heads in disbelief, some are
text: smiling.
scene_heading: CUT BACK To TV SCREEN: 11B
text: The footage of Paulo again. He looks over the balcony and
text: then he goes inside. Over this, Jim McKay's voice, with
dialog: Spanish and Arabic subtitling.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.0.)
dialog: See the man with the stocking
dialog: mask... weird... does it mean “all
dialog: right” or “it‘s all over... come
dialog: and get us?”
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS APARTMENT ONE FRONT ROOM AT 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSEB ~
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON (STAGE/ICE RINK)
text: All nine athletes and Issa, Tony, Abu Hallah, Kader, Badran
dialog: and Salah are watching television:
dialog: cur TO TV:
text: Paolo leaves the balcony.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.0.)
dialog: (with German subtitling: }
dialog: This is live, this is happening
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: 1iBBB
dialog: lic
text: In the room: While everyone’s watching Paolo on TV step of
text: the balcony, the actual Paolo steps off the balcony and back
text: into the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. A MEDIA HQ ABOVE A STADIUM - AFTERNOON (NEP STADIUMIL.BBE
text: In the stadium, hordes of Olympic officials and
text: groundskeepers in blue blazers and uniforms are running
text: about, conferring with clipboards, wielding brooms and
text: maintenance equipment, tidying, working to get the games
text: restarted, their behavior and demeanor bizarrely bright and
dialog: energetic.
text: The staff in the media HQ is watching this going on, quietly
text: discussing the action on the field, while behind them, on the
text: TV monitors, footage of crowds assembled outside the Olympic
text: village, protesting the games going on during the crisis.
text: over this a BBC reporter is talking:
speaker_heading: BBC WORLD NEWS REPORTER (V.C.)
dialog: Prime Minister Golda Meir, holding
dialog: fast to her government’s policy of
dialog: refusing to negotiate with the
dialog: terrorists,says that no Israelis
dialog: anywhere on earth will be safe if
text: she gives in. Though one suspects
dialog: there must be tremendous pressure
dialog: to do so from the families of the
dialog: captive men who -~
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY ROOM IN THE OLYMPICS VILLAGE (NEP STADIUM) 11¢
text: The Munich police are suiting up for the raid, putting on
text: bulky kevlar vests and then track suits on top of them,
dialog: checking ammo and assault rifles, putting these in sports
text: bags, and watching the coverage all the while.
speaker_heading: cur TO TV
speaker_heading: SCREEN:
text: Footage of crowds at the Olympics stadium, track and field
text: events going on.
speaker_heading: 11D
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: GERMAN BROADCASTER (V.0.)
dialog: -- we're confirming now the
dialog: International Olympic Committee's
dialog: decision not te cancel the
dialog: competition, to allow the Games to
text: continue, only a few hundred yards
dialog: from where this deadly standoff is
dialog: taking place, now that the noon
dialog: deadline has been shifted to 5PM
dialog: and --
scene_heading: INT. THE MEDIA HQ - AFTERNOON (NEP STADIUM) 11D
text: Through the window of the media building, a crew is trying to
text: focus a camera with a zoom lens on police activity across the
text: street. Two producers are watching one of the several TV
dialog: monitors:
speaker_heading: cur TO TV
speaker_heading: SCREEN:
dialog: ABC News desk, Jim McKay:
text: JIM MCKAY. .
dialog: And can you tell us what you’re
dialog: seeing now, Peter?
text: The picture switches to footage of the Munich police dressed
text: in a weird amalgam of athletic clothing, storm-trooper
text: helmets, guns in gym bags, running about, scaling the roof.
speaker_heading: PETER JENNINGS (V.0.)
dialog: Yes Jim, it’s, well, that man is
text: earrying a bag which obviously
text: holds a large gun, and... These are
dialog: Munich police officers who are
text: preparing to wage an assault on the
dialog: building as the 5PM deadline
text: approaches, it's now 4:46 Jim and --
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS APARTMENT 1 (FRONT ROOM), 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE 12
scene_heading: AFTERNOON {STAGE/ICE RINK)
text: The room's a mess, food and cigarettes and a barricaded door.
text: AK-47s are propped on furniture. Several young Palestinian
text: men are watching TV, discussing what they’re seeing:
text: On the screen, the police are filmed crouching/running across
text: the roof, and scaling the first and second floor balconies.
speaker_heading: Al3A
text: The Palestinians in the apartment are arguing quietly,
text: urgently about what to do, pointing at the tiny figures on
text: the screen, getting their guns ready for battle.
speaker_heading: TONY (IN ARABIC: )
dialog: It's going to happen, they're
text: coming in.
speaker_heading: SALAH (IN ARABIC:)
dialog: We warned them, we said what would
dialog: happen if there's any attempt, so
dialog: maybe we have to do it.
speaker_heading: ABU-HALAH (IN ARABIC: )
dialog: It’s just a show, it's just a
dialog: fucking display, to show that
dialog: they're tough, they won't risk it,
dialog: don’t panic.
speaker_heading: TONY (IN ARABIC: )
dialog: Go talk to them, go tell them to
dialog: get back or something bad will
dialog: happen.
scene_heading: : ANOTHER GERMAN REPORTER (GERMAN V.O.)
dialog: This assault on the building
dialog: certainly seems rather disorganized
dialog: and dangerous, and, and is
text: apparently being televised, and one
dialog: wonders if the Palestinians and
text: their hostages inside are watching.
text: Issa, the leader, his face blackened with shoe polish, leaves
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: INT. THE HALLWAY OUTSIDE THE APARTMENT, 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE 13
speaker_heading: LATE AFTERNOON (STAGE/ICE RINK)
text: Issa pauses for a moment, collecting himself, then walks down
text: the hallway towards the exit, angry, unafraid.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY ROOM IN THE OLYMPICS VILLAGE (NEP STADIUM) A13A
text: The same room as in scene 11C. The police are returning from
text: the now-cancelled raid. They enter and throw down their
text: weapons and gear on a table, furious, humiliated, disgusted.
text: The television is playing:
speaker_heading: cur TO TV
speaker_heading: SCREEN:
speaker_heading: 13A
text: Issa is standing with the German officials, engaged in
dialog: discussion.
speaker_heading: GERMAN REPORTER(V.C. }
dialog: ~- when the leader of the fedayeen
text: came out of the building and
dialog: demanded that they call off the
dialog: siege, pointing out that the entire
dialog: operation was being watched on the
dialog: television set within the
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO;
text: In the security room, the policemen have gathered, watching
text: the TV, muttering, still very angry, disgusted at having been
dialog: called off.
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO TV:
speaker_heading: GERMAN REPORTER (V.0.)
dialog: Apparently new demands have been
dialog: made to move the fedayeen and their
dialog: hostages, though it isn’t yet known
dialog: where or when this might occur...
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. THE UNDERGROUND PARKING GARAGE AT 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE 13A
speaker_heading: EVENING (NEP STADIUM)
text: A lone 16MM video camera, a crew of two people and a single
text: flash photographer are filming and snapping shots of the
text: scene unfolding at the far end of the garage:
text: A green bus is waiting, idling. The nine athletes,
text: blindfolded and bound to one another, facing out encircling
text: their captors, are walking carefully to the door of the bus.
text: This event is partly obscured from the camera by a crowd of
text: police and government officials who are standing in between
text: their distant perch and the events unfolding by the bus.
text: No one is speaking. The echoing garage is scarily quiet.
text: The hostages and all eight fedayeen are on the bus. The bus
text: begins to rolls towards the exit.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: 13B
speaker_heading: 13BB
dialog: be
dialog: be
scene_heading: INT/EXT. THE MEDIA HO - NIGHT (NEP STADIUM) 13B
text: Inside the media HQ, a bank of television monitors, each with
text: an on- or off-camera reporter speaking in a different
dialog: language.
text: The monitors are showing the bus leaving the
text: garage and heading down Connollystrasse. The night footage on
text: every monitor is grainy, chaotic and obscure.
speaker_heading: ENGLISH REPORTER
text: They're moving slowly towards
text: the bus, obvicusly wary of an
dialog: assault from the German
text: police who are standing at a
dialog: distance, as instructed...
speaker_heading: FRENCH REPORTER
dialog: The fedayeen are still
text: heavily armed, the Israeli
dialog: athletes bound and
text: blindfolded and they seem
text: dazed and uncertain. No one
dialog: is clear about where they’re
dialog: being taken but it‘s assumed
dialog: to be an airport nearby.
speaker_heading: ISRAELI REPORTER
text: As the long day has worn on,
dialog: with deadlines approaching
text: and passing unmarked, no
dialog: further hostages having been
dialog: killed since the bloody toll
dialog: this morning, it's uncertain
dialog: where things stand or what
dialog: the abductors think they have
dialog: to gain, other than their own
dialog: safety.
speaker_heading: GERMAN REPORTER
dialog: This is our first glimpse of
dialog: the hostages since this
dialog: morning, it’s hard to see
text: anything in the dim light of
dialog: the garage and -- The
dialog: terrorists are hiding within
dialog: the circle of their captives,
dialog: using them as shields...
speaker_heading: SPANISH REPORTER
dialog: We're being kept at a
dialog: distance by the authorities
dialog: who have promised the
dialog: terrorists a safe and quick
text: getaway out of the garage and
dialog: away from this building
dialog: that’s now become famous the
dialog: world over...
speaker_heading: ARAB REPORTER
dialog: If rumors are correct, the
dialog: bus will take the fedayeen
dialog: and their prisoners to an
dialog: airport for transportation to
dialog: either Libya or Syria. This
dialog: is a moment of great danger
dialog: for everyone involved.
speaker_heading: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AT THE ENTRANCE OF THE UNDERGROUND GARAGE - NIGHT (NEIBB
speaker_heading: STADIUM)
text: The same group of reporters from the monitors in the previous
text: scene, arrayed in front of TV cameras with long lenses, and a
text: number of still photographers as well, filming and
text: photographing the bus leaving the garage.
dialog: Policemen and
text: soldiers in riot gear, are holding them at a distance from
dialog: the garage.
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: 14A
text: As the bus leaves the garage, some of the journalists who
text: have been talking to the camera stop talking and turn to
text: watch the bus drive down the street.
speaker_heading: OMIT SCENE 14 14
scene_heading: INT. AN OFFICE SOMEWHERE IN JERUSALEM 14A
scene_heading: KO TELEVISION SCREEN:
text: The bus driving up Connollystrasse and out of the compound.
text: Again, the video footage is incomprehensible night filming, a
text: blur of lights and fragments of crowds, cars, buildings. A
text: single Israeli reporter is heard.
speaker_heading: ISRAELI REPORTER (V.0.)
dialog: No one seems to know if only the
dialog: Arab gunmen will be taken in the
dialog: helicopters, and no one knows of
dialog: any airplane waiting at an airport
dialog: to take the Arabs away. The West
dialog: German agencies. seem to. be, at;.cross
dialog: purposes, even working against one
dialog: another. That’s all that’s known
dialog: now, nothing is known.
text: Someone’s hand switches the channel on the television set.
text: The camera pulls back to reveal:
text: General Eytan Nadav and General Aharon Yariv, watching
text: television. Yariv is on the phone, nodding, responding
text: occasionally. Both men keep their eyes on the TV throughout
text: Behind them are many subalterns, high-ranking officers and
text: civilians, watching the television and talking on the phone
text: and to one another, strategizing.
text: Nadav whispers something emphatic into Yariv'’s other ear, who
text: nods while continuing his conversation on the phone and TV
dialog: watching.
text: The strange, confusing night footage continues in silence for
dialog: a bit.
text: Eventually out of the confusion, two helicopters are
text: discernible, flying from the Village.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: BBC REPORTER(V.O.)
dialog: The decision’s been made, what I’m
dialog: hearing from here is that they are
dialog: headed to an airport, called, um...
text: Furstenfeldbruck, where a DC9 plane
dialog: will be waiting to take the
dialog: terrorists and their hostages to
dialog: Libya or --
scene_heading: INT. A GUARD BOOTH AT FURSTENFELDBRUCK AIRPORT (TOROL 5
speaker_heading: AIRFIELD)
text: A small television is playing as the guards, not watching,
text: stare out the window -- the armored vehicles on television
text: are roaring past the guard booth.
text: ON TV: night-time chaos again. Mostly we see bright lights
text: piercing blackness, streaking the screen. Crowds, cars,
text: soldiers, police, press. A German reporter is being shoved
text: aside as enter the gates.
speaker_heading: GERMAN REPORTER (V.0.)
dialog: There are armored cars now, they --
dialog: They were stuck in traffic and now,
dialog: an hour after we first heard
dialog: gunfire and --
text: The sound of a big explosion. The TV camera lurches up to
text: show a huge fireball, rising behind the perimeter fence from
text: the direction of the runway and silhouetting the air traffic
dialog: tower.
text: The guards in the guard booth rush out of the booth to see
text: the fireball rising.
scene_heading: (PLAYBACK ~- LIVE FEED)
scene_heading: INT. AN APARTMENT IN HAIFA ~- LATE NIGHT 16
text: A young woman, the wife of one of the athletes, is sitting on
text: a chair, clutching a framed picture of her husband. Behind
text: her, a few friends and family are sitting. A teenaged girl
text: is leaning against her chair, looking exhausted and
dialog: frightened.
speaker_heading: ON TV:
dialog: israeli Broadcast Authority Munich coverage, the stadium
dialog: backdrop, as before:
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ISRAELI NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: We have reports now that all the
text: hostages, all nine hostages are
dialog: safe.
text: The wife of the athlete is rocking, slightly, trying to hold
text: jit in. She isn’t sobbing but tears are streaming down her
dialog: face.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ISRAELI NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: We repeat, we have confirmed, it’s
text: just past one AM, the fighting
dialog: ceased at midnight, that all the
dialog: hostages are safe, and --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 17 INT. A PALESTINIAN HOUSE IN HEBRON ~ LATE NIGHT 1?
text: Men and women and children are watching the Israeli
dialog: broadcast.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ISRAELI NEWS ANCHOR (V.0.)
dialog: All the hostages, we are told all
dialog: the hostages are safe. And all the
dialog: Arabs have been killed.
text: Some of the men and women begin to weep. A ululating cry
text: rises from the women; it becomes a great piercing cry of
dialog: mourning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 18 INT. AN ARMY BARRACKS, THE GOLAN HEIGHTS - LATE NIGHT 18
text: Soldiers in the IDF are watching a small television set.
speaker_heading: TV SCREEN:
scene_heading: ISRAELI NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: It has been learned that three of
dialog: the nine Arab terrorists have
dialog: survived the gun and grenade battle
dialog: at Furstenfeldbruck Airport and are
text: now in German custody.
speaker_heading: i8A OMITTED 18A
scene_heading: i8-19A OMITTED 139-19A
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: 20A
dialog: 21
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER'S APARTMENT, TEL AVIV - EARLY EVENING 20
text: Later the same day. A modest, underfurnished modern israeli
text: apartment. Avner is sitting alone on a small sofa watching
text: television, a grim, tight expression on his face. His large
text: friendly dog, Charlie, is whining and nosing about for
text: attention. Avner gently pushes him away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO TV
speaker_heading: SCREEN:
text: Grainy footage of the flag-draped coffins of the murdered20A
text: athletes being unloaded at Lod Airport.
scene_heading: FEMALE ISRAELI TELEVISION ANCHOR
dialog: (V.0.)
dialog: The bodies of the eleven murdered
dialog: Olympic athletes arrived this
text: morning at Lod Airport.
text: The camera switches to show huge crowds gathered at night in
dialog: downtown Tel Aviv.
scene_heading: FEMALE. ISRAELI: TELEVISION
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (CONT'D)
text: Enormous crowds have gathered on
dialog: Dizengoff Street, and in Jerusalem
text: on the plaza in front of the
text: Knesset. People are weeping,
dialog: tearing their clothes...
dialog: The funerals, which will be held
dialog: tomorrow in Jerusalem, are expected
dialog: to draw tens of thousands of
text: mourners.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TC: 21
text: Avner, watching, is clenching his right fist so tight his arm
text: tremors, then hyperflexing, again to the point of tremors.
text: With a sigh, Charlie settles nearby.
text: Daphna, Avner's seven~months-pregnant wife, opens the front
text: docr, carrying the mail. Avner looks up at her and then back
text: to the TV. They don’t say anything. He moves over to one
text: end of the sofa, making room for her; she squeezes in between
text: him and the arm rest. They watch in silence.
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: FEMALE ISRAELI TELEVISION ANCHOR
dialog: These are the names of members of
dialog: the Israeli team at the Munich
dialog: Olympics who were held hostage,
text: beaten, and finally murdered by
dialog: Arab terrorists.
dialog: David Marc Berger.
text: As she says each name, the face of the athlete appears on the
text: screen. Avner repeats each name quietly, or noiselessly,
text: after the announcer.
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM IN JERUSALEM - TIME UNKNOWN 22
text: A hand places a grainy photo of an Arab man on a tabletop.
speaker_heading: A MALE VOICE
dialog: Dr. Wadi Haddad.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER‘S APARTMENT, TEL AVIV - EARLY EVENING 23
text: On the television, a shot of the flags at the Olympics
text: village being lowered to half mast. .
scene_heading: FEMALE ISRAELI TELEVISION ANCHOR
dialog: Zeev Friedman.
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM IN JERUSALEM - TIME UNKNOWN 24
text: Another photo of another Arab man.
speaker_heading: AR MALE VOICE
dialog: Abu Daoud.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER'S APARTMENT, TEL AVIV - EARLY EVENING 25
text: Avner and Daphna watching.
scene_heading: FEMALE ISRAELI TELEVISION ANCHOR
dialog: Yossef Gutfreund.
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM IN JERUSALEM - TIME UNKNOWN 26
text: Another phote.
speaker_heading: A MALE VOICE
dialog: Mahmoud Hamshari.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
text: Another hand picks up the photo, passing it to yet another
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER’S APARTMENT, TEL AVIV - EARLY EVENING 27
text: On the television, film footage of Paulo, standing on the
text: balcony at 31 Connollystrasse, wearing his stocking mask,
text: holding a gun.
scene_heading: FEMALE ISRAELI TELEVISION ANCHOR
dialog: Eliezer Halfin. Yosef Romano.
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM IN JERUSALEM - TIME UNKNOWN 28
dialog: Another photo.
speaker_heading: A MALE VOICE
dialog: Wael Zwaiter.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER‘S APARTMENT, TEL AVIV-- EARLY EVENING 29
text: Avner and Daphna watching.
scene_heading: FEMALE ISRAELI TELEVISION ANCHOR
dialog: Amitzur Shapira.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: (softly: )
dialog: Oh God. I think I knew his cousin,
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM IN JERUSALEM - TIME UNKNOWN 30
dialog: Another photo.
speaker_heading: A MALE VOICE
dialog: Dr. Basil al-Kubaisi.
scene_heading: EXT. ON A SQUARE IN JERUSALEM ~ DAY 31
text: A procession of coffins, draped with Israeli flags, are
text: making their way through a massive, somber crowd. People are
text: weeping. A band is playing the Hatikvah.
scene_heading: FEMALE ISRAELI TELEVISION ANCHOR
dialog: Kehat Shorr. Mark Slavin. Andrei
dialog: Spitzer.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM IN JERUSALEM - TIME UNKNOWN 32
dialog: Another photo.
speaker_heading: A MALE VOICE
dialog: Kamal Nasser.
text: Another phote.
speaker_heading: A MALE VOICE
dialog: Kamal Adwan.
speaker_heading: A MALE VOICE
dialog: Mahmoud Yussuf Najjer, also known
dialog: as "Abu Yussuf".
text: Another photo is placed as the previous photo is picked up.
speaker_heading: A MALE VOICE
dialog: Mohammed Boudia.
text: Another photo. Then another.
speaker_heading: A MALE VOICE
dialog: Hussein al-Chir. Ali Hassan
dialog: Salameh.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER’S APARTMENT, TEL AVIV - EARLY EVENING 33
text: Avner and Daphna, listening. Avner is still silently
text: pronouncing the names.
scene_heading: FEMALE ISRAELI TELEVISION ANCHOR
dialog: (V.0.)
dialog: Yacov Springer. Moshe Weinberg.
text: Charlie is whining from the kitchen.
speaker_heading: DAHPNA
dialog: I tried not to think about you but
dialog: I couldn't.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I have the world’s most boring job.
dialog: What‘s going to happen to me?
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: They were just athletes. They went
dialog: to the Olympics. Look what happened
dialog: to them.
dialog: What now?
dialog: 34
dialog: 19.
text: Avner smiles at her.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Now?
dialog: Now we're going to have a baby.
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM IN JERUSALEM - TIME UNKNOWN 34
text: The tabletop, pictures of the Arab men in a disorderly pile.
speaker_heading: A MALE VOICE
dialog: Eleven names.
text: The room is cluttered, shuttered, smoky, an air of siege and
text: crisis, and all its occupants are dishevelled, weary --
text: they ‘ve been arguing, fighting, planning, arguing again for
text: many many hours and it shows. Meir is rumpled, all business,
text: hair a mess, wearing glasses.
text: Around the table ten people are seated: Golda Meir, General
text: Zvi Zamir, General Aharon Yariv, General Eytan Nadav, Mike
dialog: Harari, head of Mossad’s Central Operational Group -- the
text: voice announcing the names of the Palestinians --~ and four
dialog: other ministers, including Meir Shamgar, the Attorney
text: General. Harari gathers together the photographs, and puts
text: them in a folder. He passes the folder te the Attorney
text: General, who has before him another folder, thick with
dialog: documents.
speaker_heading: MIKE HARARI
dialog: Give us the order and we begin.
text: Everyone at the table looks to Meir.
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR
dialog: It‘s the same as Eichmann. We say
dialog: to these butchers, “You didn’t want
dialog: te share this world with us, then
dialog: we don’t have to share this world
dialog: with you.”
dialog: (to the Attorney General:)
dialog: There’s legitimacy for this.
text: The Attorney General winces.
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR
text: Ambushed and slaughtered again.
dialog: While the rest of the world is
text: playing games, Glympic torches and
text: brass bands and dead Jews in
dialog: Germany. And the world couldn‘t
dialog: care less.
speaker_heading: A MINISTER
dialog: We've responded. We sent seventy
dialog: fighter jets.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER MINISTER
text: A response no one heard.
speaker_heading: A MINISTER
text: Air strikes on guerilla training
dialog: centers. That’s a response.
speaker_heading: GENERAL EYTAN NADAV
dialog: No one notices what happens in the
dialog: border camps.
speaker_heading: A MINISTER
dialog: Sixty Arabs dead, at least, who
dialog: knows how many wounded?
speaker_heading: GENERAL NADAV
dialog: This is about fixing the world’s
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ZAMIR
dialog: ~ 4 “Well: itis.not just a. publicity.
dialog: stunt.
text: He holds up the photograph of Salameh for all to see.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ZAMIR
dialog: Let me remind you: Ali Hassan
dialog: Salameh. He invented Black
dialog: September.
text: Brief silence in the room
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR
dialog: These people... They’re sworn to
dialog: destroy us. Forget peace for now.
dialog: We have to show them we're strong.
dialog: {a beat)
dialog: We have laws, we represent
dialog: civilization. Some people say we
dialog: can’t afford to be civilized. I've
dialog: always resisted such people.
text: She looks sharply at Harari, he looks back at her.
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR (CONT'D)
dialog: (Angry:}
dialog: But I don't know who these maniacs
dialog: are or where they come from.
dialog: Palestinians? Who are
dialog: Palestinians?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: Zl.
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR (CONT'D)
dialog: There are no such people. They're
dialog: not... recognizable. You tell me,
dialog: what law protects people like
dialog: these?
dialog: Today I'm hearing with new ears.
text: A nod to Harari.
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR (CONT'D)
dialog: Every civilization finds it
dialog: necessary to negotiate compromises
dialog: with its own values. I have made a
dialog: decision, The responsibility is
dialog: entirely mine.
text: The Attorney General opens the document folder. He takes 4
text: photo, matches it with a document, and signs. He takes
text: another photo, another document, and signs.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE AVNER'S APARTMENT, TEL AVIV - MORNING 35
text: Avner comes out of his apartment building. A government sedan
text: is waiting for him. A soldier is standing beside the car,
text: holding open the curbside passenger door. Avner's surprised.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Usually I take the bus.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: We're going to Jerusalem. Get in.
text: Avner peers inside the car. ‘There's a soldier in the
text: driver's seat. General Zamir is in the backseat. Avner
text: leoks back at his front door, then gets in.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE CAR - MORNING 36
text: Avner climbs into the car. He salutes the general, awkwardly.
text: Zamir nods. The car pulls out.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You swore us in, my unit, when I
dialog: joined Mossad.
text: General Zamir nods.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ZAMIR
dialog: I don't remember you. Of course I
dialog: know your father.
text: General Zamir picks up the Jerusalem Post and, ignoring
text: Avner, reads. Avner stares out the window. The car drives
dialog: on.
dialog: 37
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT. GOLDA MEIR‘S APARTMENT IN JERUSALEM - DAY 37
text: Avner and General Zamir enter the room.
text: Seated on a couch and comfy chairs in an ordinary apartment,
text: paintings and photos on the wall: Golda Meir, Mike Harari,
text: General Aharon Yariv, General Eytan Nadav and Ephraim.
text: Golda Meir looks calmer, resigned, more pulled-together than
text: before. She’s dressed to look official.
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR
dialog: Avner. It's been...
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Two years since --
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR
dialog: Sit. This is Harari.
text: Avner nods, wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR (CONT'D)
dialog: General Nadav over there, and this
dialog: is General Yariv.
dialog: How are you? How is your father?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: He's... um, fine, thank you.
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR
dialog: Coffee? Wonderful to see you again.
text: Avner shakes his head no, then yes. He looks at Ephraim, who
text: smiles at him but whom no one has introduced.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ZAMIR
dialog: {To Avner:)
dialog: Sit.
text: Avner sits, as does Zamir. Golda Meir serves him coffee.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ZAMIR
dialog: The chief of Mossad, two generals
dialog: and the Prime Minister. Obviously
dialog: it's important.
speaker_heading: GENERAL YARIV
dialog: This is something new. What
dialog: happened in Munich changes
dialog: everything. The rules, everything.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ZAMIR
dialog: We want to ask you, will you
dialog: undertake a mission? An important
dialog: mission. You will have to leave the
dialog: country and your family. Maybe for
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: GENERAL YARIV
dialog: And it's dangerous.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ZAMIR
dialog: You can't talk about it to anyone,
dialog: not even your wife.
speaker_heading: GENERAL YARIV
dialog: You could die doing this, away from
dialog: home, and no one will know where
dialog: you're buried.
speaker_heading: GENERAL NADAV
dialog: (to Avner:)
dialog: Now you should say something.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ZAMIR
dialog: Do you have any questions?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: So... this isn’t about guarding
dialog: tourists on El Al jets?
text: Zamir chuckles at this.
speaker_heading: GENERAL NADAV
dialog: No questions? Did we mention how
dialog: dangerous it is?
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR
dialog: You know my sister died Tuesday?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: No, I +
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR
dialog: Cancer. I couldn't go to the
dialog: athletes’ funerals because she
dialog: died. That upset people, but... She
dialog: was my sister. Family matters.
dialog: Your wife is pregnant?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Yes, seven months.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR
dialog: Mazeltov.
text: Meir and Yariv exchange a look. Avner watches them.
speaker_heading: GOLDA METR
dialog: You were one of my favorite
dialog: bodyguards, you know? I like neat,
dialog: durable men.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You liked having the son of a hero
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR
dialog: Truth to be told, you don't look
dialog: much like your father.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: GOLDA MEIR
dialog: Your mother is who you resemble.
text: She stands, and everyone stands. She pats Avner's cheek.
text: After briefly conferring with Yariv, Meir leaves the room.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ZAMIR
dialog: (to Avner: )
dialog: What's your answer?
speaker_heading: MIKE HARARI
dialog: Eleven unarmed Jewish boys,
dialog: butchered. That's Jewish history.
dialog: It's a heavy burden.
text: Harari taps Avner‘s sternum, hard, with a blunt forefinger.
speaker_heading: MIKE HARARI (CONT'D)
dialog: I wish they’d asked me to do this.
dialog: I wish I was younger.
text: Harari cocks an ever-so-slightly skeptical eyebrow at Yariv.
text: Avner sees it.
speaker_heading: GENERAL NADAV
dialog: If we don’t respond, if they think
dialog: we're weak, there will be Munich
dialog: every year. That’s it, you see.
dialog: Irrefutable. A new Munich, every
dialog: year. On and on. We can’t be
dialog: weak.
text: Nadav, Yariv, Zamir and Harari stand, ready to go.
dialog: 38
dialog: 42
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ZAMIR
dialog: Tomorrow morning. If you can't
dialog: decide in one day you can't decide.
text: Ephraim watches Avner watch the generals and Harari leave.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Her sister died, but I think she
dialog: didn't go to the athletes’ funerais
dialog: because some people are angry at
dialog: her for not negotiating with the
dialog: terrorists. She didn't go to the
dialog: funerals because she didn't want to
dialog: be booed.
dialog: It's a good sign that you didn't
dialog: ask questions. You'll say yes. I'm
dialog: your case officer. My name is
dialog: Ephraim.
text: Ephraim leaves. Avner is alone.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 38
scene_heading: INT. AVNER'S APARTMENT ~ NIGHT 7 42
text: Avner and Daphna are making love. She’s on top. They’re
dialog: careful because she‘s so pregnant.
text: They finish. Daphna lies down.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: How late in a pregnancy before you
dialog: have to stop having sex?
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: Labor?
text: Avner laughs.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: she looks
speaker_heading: DAPHNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't worry about it. You won't be
dialog: around.
text: They lie still, not looking at one another. Then
dialog: at Avner.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Will you?
dialog: (not a joke:)
dialog: Whatever they want, make sure they
dialog: give you a raise. I need things.
dialog: For the baby.
dialog: 3g
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I can’t live with refusing this.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: DAPENA
dialog: Your mother, she knew what she was
dialog: doing, she abandoned you at that
dialog: kibbutz ~-
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: She didn't abandon me, my father
dialog: had disappeared, he was in prison,
dialog: she was overwhelmed, she -—~
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: So she put you in the kibbutz and
dialog: abandoned you. And now you think
dialog: Israel's your mother.
dialog: So listen, Avner, I'm going to go
dialog: along with this. Until I don't.
dialog: You understand me?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I leve you.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: I'm not the hero’s nice wife.
text: He grabs her. She resists. Then they hug, ferociously.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 27~5-H, MOSSAD HEADQUARTERS, TEL AVIV - DAY 39
text: Ephraim is seated behind a desk in an entirely nondescript
text: room. Avner is seated across the desk. Ephraim takes a sheet
text: of paper from a desk drawer, slides it across the desk to
dialog: Avner.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: First you resign from Mossad.
text: Avner looks at Ephraim, surprised.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Your new contract. It says we do
dialog: not employ you, offer you benefits
dialog: or pension or legal aid or medical
dialog: assistance. It's a contract that
dialog: there is no contract.
text: Avner signs.
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Do I get a copy?
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: You don't.
dialog: Your pension contribution refund.
text: Ephraim hands Avner a check and puts the signed contracts
text: back in the desk draw, locks it. Ephraim stands.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: You are now officially unofficial.
text: Unemployed and uninsured.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 27-5-I, MOSSAD HEADQUARTERS - DAY 40
text: An accountant’s office adjacent to Room 27-5-H. Avner and
text: Ephraim are standing. Behind a small, neat desk with an ;
text: adding machine, an leathery-tough old man has interrupted his
dialog: work to talk to them,
speaker_heading: MOSSAD ACCOUNTANT
dialog: You'll open two accounts at the
dialog: Union de Banques Suisses in Geneva
dialog: on Rue de la Commerce. Operational
text: funds in one box, in the other,
dialog: your salary. Which you don’t take
dialog: till the mission ends, when you get
dialog: what accumulates. Also for each of
dialog: your men you open an account for
dialog: his salary.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: How many men do I --
speaker_heading: MOSSAD ACCOUNTANT
dialog: In the operational funds box we
dialog: will deposit two hundred and fifty
dialog: thousand American dollars. You take
dialog: it out, we put more in. I want
dialog: receipts. You're not working for
dialog: Baron Rothschild, you're working
dialog: for Israel, a small country. I'm
text: an old Galicianer from a mud hut in
dialog: the Ukraine and I don't trust Yekke
text: putzes let loose in Europe with
dialog: unlimited operational expenses.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I'm was born in Israel, I’m not a
dialog: Yekke.
dialog: 41
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: MOSSAD ACCOUNTANT
dialog: Where’s your grampa from?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Frankfurt.
speaker_heading: MOSSAD ACCOUNTANT
dialog: You‘’re a Yekke.
dialog: tT want receipts. Take a train or a
dialog: subway, no one needs taxis and
dialog: airplanes all the time. Your wife
dialog: receives monthly a thousand dollars
text: in her bank account.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Also we'll leave messages in the
dialog: box with the operational funds.
dialog: And you can leave messages for us.
dialog: But there shouldn't be messages.
speaker_heading: MOSSAD ACCOUNTANT
dialog: I don't care about that. Bring me
dialog: receipts. You got me?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I got you.
speaker_heading: MOSSAD ACCOUNTANT
dialog: Whatever you're doing, somebody
dialog: else is paying for it. Remember.
text: The accountant dismisses them with a wave of his hand and
text: returns to his calculations.
scene_heading: EXT. A STONE PIER BY THE SEA, JAFFA -DAY 41
text: Ephraim and Avner are eating baklava from a white cardboard
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: We have eleven Palestinian names.
dialog: Each had a hand in planning Munich.
dialog: You're going to kill them.
text: Eleven men, one by one.
dialog: They're all in Europe now. You'll
dialog: stay there as long as it takes.
dialog: Europe only, not the Arab
dialog: countries, that’s for us, not you,
dialog: and not the Eastern bloc, don’t
dialog: upset the Russians, who needs it.
dialog: You will have no contact with us.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You're not going to give me any
dialog: information?
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: We deposit money from a fund that
dialog: doesn’t exist into a box we don’t
dialog: know about in 4 bank we never set
dialog: foot in. We can’t help you because
dialog: we never heard of you before.
dialog: You'll do what the terrorists do.
dialog: You think they report back to home
dialog: base? They don't.
dialog: We want them dead.
text: They walk a bit. Ephraim finishes a piece of baklava,
text: smacking his lips, breathing the air.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Nothing better than eating
text: something sweet by the sea.
dialog: You can ask questions now.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Am I-alone? «.. z
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Four others. They know useful
dialog: things like cars, documents, clean-
dialog: up to make sure you didn’t
dialog: accidentally drop your fake
text: passport next to the dead body.
dialog: You're the team leader.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Who, um, who kills the targets?
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: You do. Who else?
dialog: Use guns if you have to, but bombs
dialog: are preferable. One of your guys
dialog: knows how to make them. We want
dialog: everyone to read in Le Monde some
dialog: famous Arab terrorist is dead, who
dialog: knows who blew him up?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: What‘s wrong with you?
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I’m not an experienced field
dialog: operative.
dialog: (getting it:)
dialog: So I'm not known.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: And not even I know you now.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: And also I lived in Frankfurt when
dialog: I was a kid, a Yekke Jew who knows
dialog: his way around Europe --
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: That’s a good reason and here's one
dialog: more: You're ordinary, you aren‘t a
dialog: Sabra Charles Bronson.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I’m a Sabra.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Yeah I know. I know so much about
dialog: you. .A nice sabra with a dog and a
dialog: baby on the way and you won't shoot
dialog: Spanish bellhops. No bellhops, no
dialog: civilians. That kind of trouble we
dialog: can't afford.
dialog: The hard thing won’t be finding
dialog: them. Some of them, anyway, aren‘t
text: so carefully hidden.
dialog: The hard thing will be not
dialog: punishing yourselves by getting
dialog: caught or getting killed.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Are there other teams? Or --
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: You're underprepared. What else is
dialog: new? Were we prepared to build our
dialog: owh country? We did it anyway.
dialog: You'll figure it out.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: How come you’re so sure?
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Because every Jew on earth saw
dialog: those eleven coffins and thought "I
dialog: want to kill the ones who did
dialog: this." You got lucky.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 43
dialog: a4
dialog: 45
dialog: Bi.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM {cont'‘d)
dialog: You want to say this was a mistake?
dialog: Want to pass this job on to someone
dialog: else? Now's the time. No one will
dialog: ever know.
dialog: B beat.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I already signed the contract.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: (Smiling, pleased:)
dialog: What contract?
dialog: Do you want the last piece of
dialog: baklava?
text: Avner shakes his head no.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Smart decision, you should avoid
dialog: sweets. After all you just signed
dialog: away your dental insurance.
text: In the movie, the following scene comes before the one that
dialog: just concluded.
scene_heading: INT. ON BOARD A SWISS AIR FLIGHT TO GENEVA - NIGHT 43
text: The plane’s half-empty, the other passengers are asleep.
text: Avner has a row to himself. He‘’s sitting by the window,
text: staring out. He switches on the light overhead. His
text: reflection appears. Another face appears in the reflection,
text: apparently right behind Avner, a man in a stocking mask.
text: Avner stares into the other man’s dark eyes, veiled but
text: visible through the mesh.
scene_heading: INT. IN THE HALLWAY OF APARTMENT ONE, 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE, 44
scene_heading: MUNICH -~ 4:25AM (STAGE/ICE RINK)
text: The eight intruders are shoving as a group against a door.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT 1, 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE, MUNICH - 4:25 AM 45
speaker_heading: (STAGE/ICE RINK)
text: On the other side of the door, Yossef Gutfreund is shouting
text: to wake up the others. Behind him, Tuvia Sokolovsky is
text: breaking the glass in a window and crawling out.
text: Finally the fedayeen succeed in forcing the door open.
text: Guttfreund falls te the ground.
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: 48A
speaker_heading: 48B
speaker_heading: 48B
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT 1 AT 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE — 4:30AM {STAGE/ICE 46
speaker_heading: RINK)
text: Moshe Weinberg, the wrestling coach, rushes at Issa, who is
text: entering his room; Weinberg slashes Issa across the chest
text: with a fruit knife he’s found lying nearby. Tony, entering
text: the room behind Issa, fires a pistol and shoots Weinberg in
text: the face. Severely wounded, he hurls himself at the man who
text: shot him, dropping the knife on the ground.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS APARTMENT ONE FRONT ROOM, 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE 47
speaker_heading: 4:45AM (STAGE/ICE RINK)
text: Issa, Paolo, Abu-Halah, Badran, Kader, and Salah, brandishing
text: AK47s, are tying up Springer, Shapira, Schorr, Spitzur and
text: Guttfreund, screaming at them, interrogating them, asking for
text: the whereabouts of other Israeli athletes. Weinberg is being
text: herded out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS APARTMENT THREE AT 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE - 4:45A08
speaker_heading: (STAGE/ICE RINK)
text: Tony, Badran, Paolo, Kader and Samir are rousting out of bed
text: Berger, Tsobari, Slavin, Halfin, Romano, on crutches, and
text: Freedman. Weinberg, face bleeding and bandaged with a scarf,
text: is leaning against a wall.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE APARTMENT ONE, 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE ~- 48A
scene_heading: 4:46—M (STAGE/ICE RINK)
text: The athletes from apartment three, hands raised, are being
text: led into apartment one by the fedayeen. Weinberg, behind
text: Tsobari, shouts at the others to run, and as he does he turns
text: and smashes one of the fedayeen, Badran , in the face,
text: tearing a gash in Badran’s face, knocking out several teeth.
dialog: Badran falls.
text: One of the fedayeen fires a pistol into Weinberg’s head,
dialog: killing him.
text: Tsobari escapes out a door which leads to the underground 48B
dialog: carpark.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS APARTMENT ONE FRONT ROOM, 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE 8B-
speaker_heading: 4:50AM (STAGE/ICE RINK)
text: Romano, dropping his crutches, also runs, limping painfully,
text: into apartment one. He grabs Weinberg’s dropped knife as he
text: runs up the spiral staircase.
speaker_heading: 48BB
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 33.
text: At the top of the stairs he encounters one of the fedayeen:
text: Salah, who is wearing a stocking mask. With great force
text: Romano stabs Salah in his forehead. He screams, spraying
text: blood, and staggers, the knife sticking straight out of his
text: forehead. Romano runs into the room in which the first five
dialog: athletes are captive (Schorr Springer Shapira Shpitzer and
dialog: Guttfireund).
text: As Romano bursts into the room, covered in blood, he is
text: confronted by Abu Hallah who fires killing Romano who falls
text: heavily into the middle of the room, while the bound athletes
text: inside cower from the gunfire.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SIDEWALK OUTSIDE 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE ~ 4:55AM 48BB
speaker_heading: (STAGE/ICE RINK)
text: Tony, Kader and Paulo drag the body of Moshe Weinberg out to
text: the sidewalk. They drop his corpse face-down on the sidewaik.
text: They run back into the building.
scene_heading: INT. ON BOARD A SWISS AIR FLIGHT TO GENEVA - NIGHT 49
text: Outside the plane’s window, the dawn is breaking in a thin
text: red line on the horizon. Avner’s staring at his reflection.
text: He turns out the overhead light.
scene_heading: EXT. THE UNION DE BANQUES SUISSES, GENEVA - DAY 50
text: Establishing shot of the bank.
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFETY DEPOSIT VAULT, UNION DE BANQUES SUISSES, 51
speaker_heading: GENEVA ~ DAY
text: Avner is in a private room in the vault. He has an empty
text: knapsack with him. One large safety deposit box and five
text: smaller ones are on the table. There's a pile of rubber
text: bands on the table.
text: Avner opens the large box. It’s packed with stacks of US
text: dollars. He removes ten stacks of bills from the box, a
text: great deal of cash, and puts them in the knapsack. Then he
text: opens one of the smaller boxes. It’s got a modest amount of
text: cash. He closes the smaller box, leaving all the money
text: inside. He makes sure all boxes are locked. He is fastidious.
text: Holding his knapsack, he pushes a button at the side of the
text: deor of the room. The door is opened immediately by a very
text: pretty, very Swiss bank official, who smiles at Avner as she
text: ushers him out of the room. He smiles back at her.
dialog: 52
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE IN FRANKFURT - DAY 52
text: It's a handsomely furnished apartment, solid furniture. Carl,
text: Hans, and Steve and Robert are meeting for the first time.
text: Everyone’s dressed casually except for Hans, who wears a coat
text: and tie. Behind them is a table set for dinner.
text: Avner emerges from the kitchen, wearing an apron, carrying @
text: large steaming brisket on a tray.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: A team leader who cooks! What a
dialog: luxury!
speaker_heading: AVNER
text: Years in the kibbutz kitchen.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (to Avner: )}
dialog: You've done this before?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Done what?
dialog: » Sit.
text: Everyone sits. Avner starts serving.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Because I joined Mossad ten minutes
dialog: ago and I’m, I want to kill every
dialog: one of these pigs but -- so, so
dialog: some of you have training in --
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (pointing to Hans:)
dialog: He sells antigues.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Right here in Frankfurt! It’s a
dialog: front, but successful, I’ma
dialog: documents and identities specialist
dialog: with an sharp eye for early Danish
dialog: modern.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I make toys.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: i thought you made bombs.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: eS ROBERT
dialog: Toys. In Brussels. But don’t
dialog: worry, I’ve been studying how to
dialog: make bombs!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (to Avner: )
dialog: Is it Ali Hassan Salameh? Is that
dialog: our job? We're here to kill the
dialog: guy who planned Munich, am I right?
dialog: Everyone eats.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: After the Six Day War, I joined
dialog: Mossad because I needed to do
dialog: something, you know? For my people.
dialog: When my son came along I thought,
dialog: well. I’ve made a new Jew.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: My wife‘s expecting.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Mazeltov!
scene_heading: e@ CARL AND HANS ROBERT
dialog: Mazeltov! That’s wonderful! When?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: A couple of months from now.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Think we’ll be done by then?
text: Silence. Eating. No one wants to talk about this.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: It‘s strange, isn’t it? To think
dialog: of oneself as an assassin?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Then think of yourself as something
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: HANS
text: A soldier. In a war.
text: Avner nods. Carl raises his glass to Hans, a toast.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Right, and you know how to shoot,
dialog: e to assassinate people? Right?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 53
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: STEVE (cont'd)
dialog: I mean, mazels on the baby and all
dialog: that, that's just great but, but --
dialog: (to Robert)
dialog: You make dolis, in a toyshop, and
dialog: (to Hans)
dialog: You shop for sofas and
dialog: (Carl)
dialog: I don’t know what you do --
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I worry.
speaker_heading: HANS
text: His ulcers have ulcers.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (to Avner:)
dialog: So why’d they make you team leader?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Because he really knows how to cook
text: a brisket.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You‘re only the wrong guy for the
dialog: ‘job if you screw it up. ¢
dialog: So let's not screw it up.
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE IN FRANKFURT - DAY 53
text: From a high angle above the table: The table, lit by lamps,
text: has been cleared for work. The eleven photographs of the
text: targeted Palestinians have been laid out on the table as they
dialog: were in scene 34.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: There are seven hard targets,
text: military, armed. And four soft
dialog: targets, poets, loudmouth
dialog: intellectuals. Each has blood on
text: his hands, each is responsible in
dialog: some way for Munich.
text: They examine the photos as they talk.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: How do we find our targets?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: That‘s the tricky part. No help
dialog: from Mossad.
text: A beat. Everyone considers this.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Let's not waste time with the Arab
dialog: coffeehouses and mosques.
text: Informers tattling on informers.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: And the money we pay the informers
text: gets funneled straight back to
dialog: Black September.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: The fedayeen in Munich had AK-47s,
dialog: fake passports, plane tickets. Who
dialog: paid for all that?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: We're forbidden the Arab countries.
dialog: We can’t go to Eastern Europe
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Which leaves the European radical
dialog: Left.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Palestinian sympathizers, and
dialog: penetrable. Sloppy, even.
speaker_heading: CARL
text: Money leaves trails. And it opens
dialog: pathways.
text: The group continues to discuss, Avner watching. Steve,
text: Robert and Hans are exchanging ideas. We don’t hear the
text: dialogue; as Avner watches, we hear the sound of a phone
text: being dialled, ringing, someone picking up.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS (GERMAN) (V.0.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: AVNER (GERMAN) (V.0.)
dialog: Andreas? Guess who?
speaker_heading: ANDREAS (GERMAN) (V.0O.)
dialog: Holy shit!
speaker_heading: AVNER (GERMAN) (V.0.)
dialog: Surprised?
speaker_heading: ANDREAS (V.0.)
dialog: You punched me! You broke my jaw!
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: AVNER(GERMAN) (V.0.)
dialog: That was ten years ago.
speaker_heading: (in ENGLISH)
dialog: And you were screwing my
dialog: girlfriend.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 54
scene_heading: INT. ANDREAS'S APARTMENT IN FRANKFURT ~ NIGHT 55
text: The apartment is an elegant shambles; clearly expensive,
text: remnants of costly furnishings, but also posters from strikes
text: and marches and a portrait of Fanon thumbtacked on smoke-
text: dingy walls. Books are strewn everywhere.
text: Andreas and his girlfriend, yvonne, are smoking pot; Avner is
text: pretending to, but he isn't. There's also beer and wine.
text: Yvonne is holding Herbert Marcuse's "Reason and Revolution":
speaker_heading: YVONNE (GERMAN)
dialog: The problem is considering right
dialog: and wrong as ethical questions.
dialog: Marcuse says Hegel's "Philosophy of
dialog: Right" doesn’t place "wrong" in a
dialog: moral category, it's --
speaker_heading: ANDREAS ( GERMAN)
dialog: Then it's OK to kill someone who --
speaker_heading: YVONNE (GERMAN)
dialog: Free Will necessarily creates
dialog: wrong. That‘s in Marx, the blind
dialog: anarchy of capitalism. You have to
dialog: be willing to re-consider, right,
dialog: wrong, they’re just ways of talking
dialog: about a terrible struggle, parts of
dialog: an equation, a dialectic -- strip
dialog: the sentiment out and try to come
dialog: to terms with historical forces
dialog: external to us and indifferent to
dialog: moral category.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS (GERMAN)
dialog: {over Yvonne, after “You
dialog: have to be willing etc”:)
dialog: She's amazing, isn't she?
speaker_heading: AVNER (GERMAN)
dialog: {over Yvonne: }
dialog: I don't know what she's talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS (GERMAN)
dialog: (over Yvonne:)
dialog: Neither do I but she's dead sexy,
dialog: yeah?
speaker_heading: YVONNE (GERMAN)
dialog: Fuck you, pig.
dialog: {to Avner, in GERMAN: )
dialog: You don't read much, huh.
speaker_heading: AVNER (GERMAN)
dialog: I'm busy.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS (GERMAN)
dialog: What sort of business do you...
text: Andreas re-lights a joint he's holding and tokes it.
speaker_heading: AVNER (GERMAN)
dialog: I work for some Americans.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS (GERMAN)
dialog: Rich Americans, right?
text: Avner takes the joint out of Andreas's fingers, puts it in
text: his mouth but doesn’t toke. He takes an enormous wad of money
text: from his pocket. He cracks up, as does Andreas. ‘Yvonne puts
text: Marcuse down and takes the money from Avner’s hand, then the
text: joint from his mouth. She tokes and starts counting the
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS
dialog: Hey, Yvonne! Avner wants to get in
dialog: your pants! He told me.
text: Andreas takes the joint from Yvonne. He tokes.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS (IN ENGLISH)
dialog: T really miss you, man, you know,
dialog: we really loved each other.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: That was, like, a long time ago,
dialog: Man, we were in high school!
speaker_heading: YVONNE (GERMAN)
dialog: It's sixty thousand dollars, Avner.
text: Avner starts to laugh again, as if he’s stoned, Andreas
text: joining in. Yvonne takes the joint, tokes.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: AVNER (GERMAN)
dialog: (to Yvonne)
dialog: I have a few names, people I need
dialog: to find. For my rich Americans.
speaker_heading: {in ENGLISE:)
dialog: Give me my money, Yvonne.
text: He reaches for it. She pulls away, hanging on to the money.
speaker_heading: AVNER (GERMAN) (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you Baader-Meinhof? Red Army
dialog: Faction? What?
speaker_heading: YVONNE
dialog: One hundred fifty.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: One hundred in cash.
text: Avner takes a smaller wad of cash out of another pocket.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS ( GERMAN)
dialog: One hundred... thousand!??!
dialog: Dollars?!
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: These people I'm looking for, you
dialog: don’t know them.
speaker_heading: YVONNE
dialog: We might.
speaker_heading: AVNER (GERMAN)
dialog: You don't. But I think maybe you
dialog: know people who would.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: YVONNE (GERMAN)
dialog: And it's Americans? You work for --
text: Avner exhales. He takes a $5,000 bill out of the new wad.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: See? James Madison. American.
text: Yvonne and Andreas look at one another.
speaker_heading: YVONNE
dialog: We'll ask some friends.
dialog: 56
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: EXT. A CAFE OFF THE PIAZZA NAVONA - DAY 56
text: Andreas and Avner are sitting at a table with Tony, a tough-
text: looking Italian man, mid-40s, very serious, plates of pasta
text: in front of them.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hiding? The Arabs aren't hiding.
dialog: Munich was a big success for them.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS
dialog: Yeah, the implications of Munich
dialog: for the struggle are incredibly, um
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: They got everyone’s attention.
dialog: They're recruiting, Making plans.
dialog: Give me a few names.
text: Avner hesitates. They stare at one another. Andreas is
dialog: ignored.
text: _. TONY. on , .
dialog: I can’t help if I don’t know who
dialog: you're trying to find.
dialog: We'll have to trust. You have to
text: cross the line.
dialog: {makes a little “come to
dialog: me” gesture, leans in:)
dialog: I trust you. You carry cash and you
dialog: don't make speeches. Nowadays,
dialog: everyone makes speeches. Like our
dialog: friend Andreas. Talk talk talk.
text: Tony gives Andreas‘s face a gentle slap. Andreas tries to
dialog: pretend not to be insulted.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So name me an Arab.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Abu Yussuf. Abu Daoud. Wael
dialog: Zwaiter. Kemal Nasser.
text: Tony nods noncommitally: “I’ve heard of them”
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Salameh.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Forget Salameh. Too hard.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS
dialog: {to Avner)
dialog: Who are these guys? Why are you
dialog: trying to find Arabs, it’s --
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Sixty thousand per name. Dollars.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: If it's good information.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: If it isn't good it doesn't cost.
dialog: Wael Zwaiter’s here. In Rome. He
dialog: just translated "The Arabian
dialog: Nights” into Italian. Tomorrow
dialog: there’s a reading. He’s broke. He
dialog: has a retarded niece he calls every
dialog: day in Damascus.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS
dialog: {to Avner)
dialog: Are you trying to join the PLO?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: {to Andreas)
dialog: We need to talk alone.
text: Tony indicates Andreas should leave. Andreas looks to Avner,
text: who looks back at him, blank.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: {to Avner)
dialog: And also maybe you need people to
dialog: help with your work, cars, vans.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS
dialog: (to Avner)
dialog: Listen, be careful with this guy,
dialog: he, they said he was dangerous.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: {to Andreas, softly, in
speaker_heading: GERMAN: )
dialog: Go. I don't want to see you hurt,
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: ANDREAS
dialog: Hurt?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Tell anyone about this and, I don't
dialog: know, just don't OK?
dialog: 57-58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 43.
text: Andreas looks from Avner to Tony. The menace in Tony’s face
text: is unmistakable: “Or I will kill you.” Andreas, shocked,
text: looks back at Avner. Avner nods to him to confirm the
text: impression he’s just gotten from Tony.
text: Andreas leaves. Avner watches him go.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Anything you need. We provide.
text: Avner turns back to Tony, thinking. He nods.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I need receipts.
speaker_heading: OMIT 57-58
scene_heading: INT. A SAFEHOUSE APARTMENT IN ROME ~ LATE AFTERNOON 59
text: A one-room apartment, windows tightly shuttered, though
text: golden Roman afternoon light is leaking in. There are
text: several mattresses on the floor, and street maps,
text: surveillance photoes, documents, newspapers lie scattered
text: about. Avner, Carl, Hans, Robert and Steve, dressed in the
text: clothes they’ll wear during the hit, are kneeling on the
text: floor in a circle. Cari holds four straws in his fist.
text: Avner watches; the others draw straws.
text: They compare. Robert has the shortest straw. The others
text: look at him. He looks away, unhappy.
scene_heading: EXT. A SMALL COFFEE HOUSE/BOOKSHOP, ROME - DAY 60
text: A little courtyard patio restaurant outside the bookshop. A
text: thin Palestinian man, Wael Zwaiter, is standing facing a
text: small crowd of Italians and Arabs. He is holding a copy of
dialog: his newly-published translation of “1,001 Arabian Nights.”
speaker_heading: ZWAITER (IN ITALIAN: }
dialog: What attracts me to the
dialog: Scheherazade story, to what you in
dialog: the West call “The Arabian Nights” ~
dialog: - well I am not an Arab. I am
dialog: Palestinian. And why has a
dialog: Palestinian poet worked for years
dialog: translating “1,001 Arabian Nights”
dialog: from the Arabic into Italian? Apart
dialog: from the expectation of enormous
dialog: riches, I mean?
text: The audience laughs quietly.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 44,
text: Across the street, Carl is watching this performance.
speaker_heading: ZWAITER (IN ITALIAN: )
dialog: I love what this classic says about
dialog: the power of narrative, the
dialog: relationship of narrative to
dialog: survival. As long as the girl
text: Scheherazade tells a story, she
dialog: stays alive. For her, the stories
dialog: are from fantasy. The stories of
dialog: my people are from memory. We tell
dialog: them, over and over; to save
dialog: ourselves from oblivion. You see?
dialog: Narrative can have the power to
dialog: conquer death.
text: Zwaiter stands.
speaker_heading: ZWALTER (IN ITALIAN: }
dialog: Thank you for coming to my reading.
dialog: Thank you for listening to me.
text: The audience applauds politely. Zwaiter mingles with his
dialog: audience.
scene_heading: EXT. A SMALL COPFEE HOUSE/BOOKSHOP, ROME - LATE AFTERNOON 61
text: A little while later. The small crowd has gone and Zwaiter
text: is leaving. He walks down the street. Carl follows behind
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL GROCERY STORE - LATE AFTERNOON 62
text: Zwaiter is using a payphone, speaking softly. At the
text: counter, Carl is buying an apple. Zwaiter hangs up the phone,
text: goes to the shelves and selects: a jar of maraschino
text: cherries, some green-colored dish soap, a bottle of orange
text: soda pop, a bottle of grape juice, a salami, bread, and
text: fruit. He catches Carl’s eye as Carl leaves the store. They
text: smile and nod at one another, friendly.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE A SMALL GROCERY, ROME - LATE AFTERNOON 63
text: Carl emerges from the store, nods to Steve who is across the
text: street in a Flat, sitting next to a young Italian woman, who
text: looks bored. Steve nods back at Carl and drives off.
text: Swaiter comes out of the store, carrying two brown paper bags
text: with groceries. He walks down the street. Carl follows
text: behind him.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 45,
scene_heading: EXT. THE PIAZZA ANNIBALIANO - LATE AFTERNOON 64
text: AR van enters the square. It pulls up next to a fountain in
text: the center of the square. Hans hops out. He looks around the
text: square. He spots Steve’s Fiat across the square, parked
text: curbside by an apartment building.
text: When Steve sees Hans get out of the van, he steps out of the
text: Fiat. Steve positions himself a few doorways away, stepping
text: into the doorframe to strike a match, light a cigarette. The
text: bored Italian woman inside the Fiat drives away.
text: Zwaiter enters the piazza with his groceries. As Zwaiter's
text: entering, the van has moved from the fountain and is
text: approaching the parking space previously occupied by the
dialog: Fiat.
text: As Zwaiter enters the building, Hans is stepping out of the
text: van. Steve gets behind the van’s steering wheel and Hans
text: takes up Steve's former position.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOBBY OF ZWAITER'S APARTMENT BUILDING - LATE 65
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON - : :
text: The lobby is dark. Zwaiter opens the front door and steps
text: inside. He juggles his grocery bag and reaches for the lobby
text: iight switch. He flicks the switch, and the light’s timer
dialog: starts.
text: Avner and Robert are standing between Zwaiter and the curved
text: Staircase. Zwaiter looks at the two men, and they look at
text: him. Everyone's blank for a moment, then:
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Are you Wael Zwaiter?
speaker_heading: ZWAITER
dialog: Yes? I’m sorry I -- IT -~
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Do you know why we're here?
text: A beat. Zwaiter shakes his head "no,” confused. Robert and
text: Avner draw their guns; Avner‘s gun gets caught momentarily in
text: his belt. %waiter is frozen.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Are you Wael --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: He said yes already, he -~
dialog: 66
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I didn't hear him say that he --
text: Zwaiter walks slowly to Avner and puts his hand gently on
text: Avner's gun; he tries carefully to lower it.
text: Robert fires two shots, through the grocery bags and into
text: Zwaiter's chest. Zwaiter looks at Robert, shocked. Then Avner
text: fires, two shots, again through the shopping bags, which
text: Zwaiter continue to hold. Zwaiter screams in pain, then
text: drops to his knees, then falls flat on his face, crushing the
text: groceries in the bags. There’s a sound of bottle breaking:
dialog: Maraschino liquid, green soap, orange soda, grape juice,
text: mixed with dark blood, spill out under Zwaiter. He tries to
text: roll over but can’t; he’s panting, sobbing.
speaker_heading: ZWAITER
dialog: {almost inaudible: )
dialog: La, la. Aiuto, aiutec, please,
dialog: please...
text: He rolls over onte his back. Robert walks up close and fires
text: another shot right into Zwaiter's chest. Avner does the same.
text: Zwaiter's already stopped moving. Dazed, they each fire
dialog: again. —~
text: Robert and Avner stand over the body, guns out, breathing.
text: Suddenly the timer clicks the lights off. Avner swivels in
text: the dark, gun at the ready. He slams the light switch on and
text: quickly locates, picks up and pockets the shell casings,
text: counting to... seven. He looks for the eighth casing, then
dialog: gives up.
text: Robert is crouching over the body. He holds his hand over his
text: nose and mouth, smelling something terrible. He gags.
text: Suddenly the lobby elevator shudders and jolts into life.
text: Robert and Avner jump. Someone on an upper floor is
dialog: descending
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Move.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE ZWAITER’S APARTMENT BUILDING - LATE AFTERNOON 66
text: Avner and Robert walk briskly out of the building. The van
text: is waiting. On the side of the van, a sign:"Maurizio and
text: Sons, Gardening” Avner and Robert yank open the van’s rear
text: door and tumble in. Hans is inside, waiting, and Steve is in
text: the driver’s seat. They pull the door closed and the van
text: drives off.
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE VAN - LATE AFTERNOON 67
text: Hans, Robert and Avner are seated on sacks of soil and
text: fertilizer on the floor of the van. Gardening supplies and
text: ornaments are ail around them, swaying as the van drives
text: through Roman streets. Everyone inside is adrenalated and
dialog: freaked out.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: WHAT HAPPENED? WHAT HAPPENED, WHY
dialog: DIDN'T YOU SHOOT HIM?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: WE SHOT HIM!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I DIDN'T HEAR A -~
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: WE KILLED HIM! GOD DAMN, HE --
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: EIGHT SHOTS!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: HE SHAT HIMSELF! HE'S DEAD!
text: Everyone stops shouting. They sit in silence as the van
text: sways. They take in the interior of the van: all around
text: them, wrapped in clear plastic, are cheap painted plaster
text: Virgin Mary garden statues, each holding a baby Jesus.
speaker_heading: HANS
text: Hallelujah. It's a sign.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PATIO OF A SMALL HOTEL IN LATINA - NIGHT 68
text: Several hours later. A waitress is serving food. Awful
text: bouncy Italian music is piped in. Hans, Steve, Avner and
text: Robert are drinking wine, a little sloshed. There are no
dialog: other customers.
text: Hans is poring over a pile of small pieces of paper --
text: receipts. Steve drinks, happy; Robert is drunker and glum.
text: Avner is tense, watching the door, waiting for something.
text: Carl comes in, looking very tired. This is what Avner was
text: waiting for. Carl sits next te Avner. The others watch.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Well, what do you want me to say?
text: He’s dead.
dialog: 48.
text: Carl reaches in his pocket and takes out a bullet casing. He
text: tosses it to Avner. Avner pockets it,
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Have some wine. We're celebrating.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: That old Pesach story. The angels
dialog: are rejoicing because the Egyptians
dialog: have just drowned in the Red Sea.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I didn’t say we're rejoicing.
dialog: We're celebrating.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: And God says to the angels "Why are
dialog: you celebrating? I've just killed a
dialog: multitude of my children."
text: Hans folds up the pile of receipts.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (to Avner)
dialog: Mr. Zwaiter. He cost us, by my
dialog: calculation, roughly $352,000.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: (to Cari)
dialog: You didn't finish the story. The
dialog: angels respond to God. They say
dialog: "We're celebrating, God, because
dialog: when people hear what happened to
dialog: the Egyptians they'll understand
dialog: Your point."
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Which was?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Don't fuck with the Jews.
dialog: I don’t know about the rest of you
dialog: but I’m not celebrating, I’m
text: goddamned rejoicing.
text: Avner raises his glass.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: To the martyrs.
text: The others raise their glasses. They toast, and drink,
text: sorrow descends as they remember.
dialog: and a
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 49.
text: Steve gets up and goes to the waitress. He grabs her and
text: starts to waltz her around. She laughs, enjoying it. The
text: other four watch this, then look at one another. Avner gets
text: to his feet, then pulls Rebert up, and they start to dance,
text: Robert heavy, stumbling a little. Hans joins them, throwing
text: his arms around their shoulders. Avner pulls Carl in. Steve
text: leaves the waitress, joins the others. They dance a kind of
text: heavy-footed hora out of time to the bad Italian pop. As
text: they dance, awkward, self-conscious, a closeness settles in.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN PARIS - DAY 69
text: A small side street in the Marais. Tony and Avner are
text: standing outside a shop, waiting.
text: Louis, a Frenchman, slightly younger than Avner, arrives on
text: foot. Tony introduces the two. It’s all quite friendly.
text: Tony whispers something to Louis, then gets into @ car
text: waiting by the curb. The car drives off. Louis takes
text: Avner’s arm and leads him away.
scene_heading: INT. A VEGETABLE MARKET/CAFE - DAY 70
text: Avner is shopping with Louis. Louis has a shopping list and
text: is filling a macrame carry sack with vegetable.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Our service has been satisfactory?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Pricey.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: A Jew and a Frenchman. We could
dialog: haggle forever.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I'm not a Jew.
text: Louis nods, smiling. He shows Avner the shopping list.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What do you suppose a “ramson” is?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: It's a kind of wild leek. Not in
dialog: season. Garlic will do.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: My papa sometimes loses track of
dialog: the seasons. I know nothing about
dialog: food, why does he make me shop?
dialog: 50.
text: Louis hands Avner the shopping list. As they walk and talk,
text: Avner hands Louis vegetables, consulting the list. Louis
text: puts them in the carry sack.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You‘re wondering if I'm French
dialog: Intelligence.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Or CIA. Or KGB.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Or an agent with a profitable
dialog: sideline in information. I could
dialog: be anybody. You could be anybody
dialog: too. Identity: That's the boring
dialog: part. Here's what isn't boring: as
dialog: long as you don't work for any
dialog: government -~
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I’m in private business.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Rich Americans, I heard. I'm in
dialog: private business too. My family.
dialog: We can locate almost anyone, for
dialog: anyone, anywhere, and we're
dialog: ideologically promiscuous. We love
dialog: everyone. Or hate everyone, I get
dialog: my feelings confused. If you're
dialog: not working for any government: We
dialog: know or we find. We don't find,
dialog: you don't pay.
text: Louis takes a photo out of his bookbag. He slides the photo
text: over to Avner. Avner looks down at it.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Mahmoud Hamshari.
text: A beat. Avner turns the picture over. There's information
text: written on the reverse. Louis hands Avner a series of black-
text: and white photos, showing Hamshari leaving his apartment,
text: getting into a car, talking with colleagues in front of the
text: Arab League headquarters. Avner examines these as Louis
dialog: talks.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He’s one of your famous names, yes,
dialog: Monsieur...?
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: JIA
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Franz Storsch.
text: Avner hands Louis a folded copy of Le Monde. Louis looks
text: inside, removes a fat envelope, puts it in the carry sack
text: amidst the vegetables.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Please call me Louis.
scene_heading: INT. A CONFERENCE ROOM IN A HOTEL, TRIPOLI - DAY 71
text: At a long table behind microphones, facing a mob of reporters
dialog: and cameras, Jamal al-Gashey, Adnan al-Gashey and Mohammed
text: Safady, three of the Palestinians from Munich, are seated,
text: their lawyer standing behind them. The press conference is
text: in English, with someone translating over into French. ai-
text: Gashey is reading a statement.
scene_heading: JAMAL AL-GASHEY
dialog: What we did in Munich is the
dialog: beginning, only the beginning. If
dialog: justice is not done for our people,
dialog: flor. the Palestinian: people, .further
dialog: acts of violence, the people’s
dialog: justice, will occur.
speaker_heading: CUT TO: 71A
text: A television screen: Al-Gashey concludes his statement:
scene_heading: JAMAL AL-GASHEY
dialog: We are not acting alone. There are
dialog: thousands, millions with us.
scene_heading: INT. A SAFE HOUSE IN PARIS - DAY 72
text: Hans, Carl and Steve, in overcoats, suitcases behind them,
text: having just arrived, are standing behind a couch on which
text: Avner and Robert are seated. They're watching the
dialog: television.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: A Lufthansa jet was hijacked coming
dialog: from Damascus. The hijackers
dialog: demanded the release of the three
dialog: killers who survived Munich. The
text: Germans agreed. Instantly.
dialog: They're free. See? They're in
dialog: Libya now.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 722K cUT TO: 772A
text: The television screen, which shows an enormous crowd of
text: people in Tripoli gathered to welcome the three fedayeen.
scene_heading: 72 CONT ‘aT TO: 72 CONT'D.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (to Carl)
dialog: No qualms about rejoicing on their
dialog: side, huh? Look at that! They’re
dialog: movie stars!
dialog: {to Avner)
dialog: We should go to Tripoli and kill
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: We don't go to Arab countries. We
dialog: stick with the names we've been
dialog: given.
text: Silence. Avner produces a photo. Everyone looks at it and
text: then looks back to the television, torn. .
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Mahmoud Hamshari.
scene_heading: 72B CUT BACK TO: 72B
dialog: On the television,
scene_heading: ANOTHER JOURNALIST
dialog: (OS, from the TV)
dialog: What do you think you achieved by
dialog: killing the Israeli athletes?
text: As Adnan al-Gashey answers in Arabic, his lawyer translates:
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: We have... made our voice heard by
dialog: the world.
scene_heading: 73 INT. MAHMOUD HAMSHARI'S APARTMENT, PARIS — DAY 73
text: Hamshari, 50s, dapper, professorial, is seated, being
text: interviewed by a journalist who is revealed to be Robert,
text: smoking a cigarette, playing a tape of the released
dialog: terrorists’ lawyer saying:
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: LAWYER (V.O. ON TAPE: )
dialog: We have made our voice heard by the
dialog: universe, or... the world, who was
dialog: not hearing before.
text: Robert clicks off the tape recorder.
speaker_heading: MAHMOUD HAMSHARI
dialog: What he meant by this is that the
dialog: world will begin hearing us. We
dialog: are for twenty-four years the
dialog: world's largest refugee population,
dialog: our homes taken from us, living in
dialog: camps, no future, no food, nothing
dialog: decent for our children.
text: Mme. Hamshari walks in, smiling at Robert.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Was the attack in Munich justified?
speaker_heading: MAHMOUD HAMSHARI
text: The PLO condemns attack on
dialog: civilians --
scene_heading: MAHMOUD HAMSHART MME. HAMSHART
dialog: ~~ though for twenty-four Tell your newspaper that,
dialog: years our civilians have been about, about all the years
dialog: attacked by the Israelis. and years of Palestinian
dialog: blood, spilled by Israel, and
dialog: who mourns for us?
speaker_heading: MAHMCUD HAMSHARI
dialog: Israel just bombed two refugee
dialog: camps in Syria and Lebanon, two
dialog: hundred people killed, right after
dialog: Munich they did this, so is that --
scene_heading: MME. HAMSHART
dialog: It did not begin in Munich. And
dialog: where does it end? How will it ever
dialog: end?
speaker_heading: MAHMOUD HAMSHART (IN ARABIC)
dialog: Please, Marie-Claude, whose
dialog: interview is this?
speaker_heading: MME. HAMSHARI (FRENCH)
dialog: It‘s your interview, I’m just
dialog: pointing out something that -~-
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
scene_heading: MAHMOUD HAMSHARI {ARABIC)
dialog: I’m perfectly capable of covering
dialog: all the essential --
text: Robert. suddenly looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Oh, Damn! Doctor, may I, please,
dialog: your telephone, may I... I must
dialog: call my editor, I'm sorry --
speaker_heading: MAHMOUD HAMSHART
dialog: Oh yes, yes you said you... Yes,
dialog: this way, please, here's the
dialog: phone...
text: Hamshari leads Robert to the phone. He leaves Robert dialing
text: the phone and goes to another room, speaking in French to his
dialog: wife.
text: As Robert dials he lifts the phone and writes down on his pad
text: the model serial number. He places the phone on the pad; he
text: outlines the phone's base, then measures its height with his
text: fingers and makes marks on the pad corresponding to this
dialog: measurement.
text: A young girl comes into the room, sits down at the piano and
text: starts doing practice pieces, shyly watching Robert while she
text: plays. Robert draws in deep on his cigarette, getting her
text: attention. He pops his eyes, puffs his cheeks, then blasts
text: smoke through his nose, a dragon! The girl rolls her eyes,
text: suppressing a smile, gets up from the piano and leaves the
text: room, trying to look completely unimpressed.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE HAMSHARI'S APARTMENT, PARIS - MORNING 74
text: Mme. Hamshari and the girl, Amina, carrying a schoolbag,
text: leave the building and get into a parked car.
text: Across the street, a van is parked, marked with the France
dialog: Telecom logo.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE PHONE UTILITIES VAN - MORNING 75
text: Steve, Carl, Robert and Avner, dressed in France Telecom
text: repair uniforms, Steve at the wheel. They watch Mme Hamshari
text: and Amina drive away, , on their way to Amina's school.
dialog: 76
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE HAMSHARI'S APARTMENT - MORNING 76
text: No one's home. Suddenly the front door pops cpen, Robert
text: forcing it slightly, a bent wire in the lock.
text: Carl stands behind him clutching a valise, very very
text: gingerly.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You don't have to baby it, it can't
dialog: go off unless I push...
text: Robert takes a bakelite box with a teggle switch on it out of
text: his pocket. He flicks the switch. Carl drops the valise.
text: Robert catches it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: And the switch only works after
text: someone picks up the receiver.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (badly scared, VERY
dialog: angry?) .
dialog: That isn't... funny you stupid --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Sorry, sorry...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I hope you know what you're doing.
text: Robert goes to Hamshari's phone. Carl and Avner watch as he
text: starts to install the phone bomb.
speaker_heading: AVNER
text: (with a slight smile,
dialog: quietly, to Carl:)
dialog: Do you think I know what I'm doing?
dialog: Carl considers this.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: This man, we don’t know what he
dialog: did, specifically?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Hamshari arranged the attempt to
dialog: kill Ben-Gurion in Copenhagen a few
dialog: years ago. He’s organizing for
dialog: Fatah in France.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Organizing.
dialog: 77
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: And in Tel Aviv, they showed you
dialog: the evidence for this?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Not evidence, no, it was more...
dialog: “Here’s the story.”
dialog: I believe them. Absolutely. Don‘t
dialog: you?
text: Carl doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: This is war, a crisis, you don’t
dialog: always have to, to...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Think.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: crutinize every -~ Yeah, think.
dialog: You want to wire Ephraim demanding
dialog: evidence, you’re on your own.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I’m done.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Good.
dialog: {to Carl:)
dialog: Don‘t think about it.
text: Robert demonstrates: He lifts the receiver on the phone, and
text: a light on a remote control device lights up.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: I see the light, I flip the switch.
dialog: And... well, you know.
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH, AROUND THE CORNER FROM HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT
scene_heading: BUILDING, PARIS - MORNING
text: Carl is in the phone booth, pretending te talk on the phone,
text: depressing the hang-up button.
text: At the next corner, Avner is at a kiosk, browsing through the
dialog: magazines.
speaker_heading: TTA
speaker_heading: 77C
speaker_heading: 77D
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE A FIAT, THE STREET IN FRONT OF HAMSHARI’S TIA
scene_heading: APARTMENT, PARIS - MORNING
text: Around the corner, down the street, across from the
text: apartment, a Fiat is parked. Steve is in the driver’s seat.
text: Robert's in the passenger seat, holding the remote control
text: device on his lap. Hans is in the back seat.
scene_heading: EXT. IN FRONT OF HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT BUILDING - MORNING 77B
text: Mme. Hamshari and Amina come out and get into a car parked in
text: front of the building. Amina is carrying a schoolbag.
text: Avner up the street at the kiosk is watching. He nods to
text: Carl, whe nods back.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE VAN ~ MORNING 77
text: Hans, Robert and Steve watch Mme. Hamshari and Amina drive
dialog: away.
text: Steve looks up the street at Avner at the kiosk. Avner,
text: looking up at Carl, takeé his hat off.’
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Our leader has doffed his
dialog: chapeau... M. Hamshari, the grim
dialog: reaper is now dialing your number.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT ~- MORNING 77D
text: A large moving truck pulls up, completely cutting off the
text: Fiat’s view of the apartment building.
text: Avner runs down the street, past the truck, looking in at the
text: bored driver, who’s obviously settled in for a long stop; and
text: then he crosses the street to the Fiat.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Is it blocking the signal, will the
dialog: remote work?
text: Robert holds up the remote device; the toggle switch is
dialog: taped,
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I don‘t know, I... we'll see,
dialog: probably it’1ll be OK.
speaker_heading: 775
speaker_heading: TTE
speaker_heading: 71G
speaker_heading: 778
speaker_heading: 77r
speaker_heading: 775
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Go tell the truck, give him some
dialog: cash and get him to move.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Get back to your position, you
dialog: ean’t start improvising now, go
dialog: back to the corner!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: It’s a powerful radio, um, thing,
dialog: it, it’s fine, I think.
text: While Avner and the others are talking, they don't see Mme.
text: Hamshari’‘s car, on the other side of the truck has come back
text: down the street, in reverse. Amina gets out of the idling
text: car and runs back into the apartment building.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI'S APARTMENT - MORNING TTE
text: Avner returns to the kiosk; as he does he nods to Carl.
text: Carl starts to dial the phone.
scene_heading: INT. HAMSHARI'S APARTMENT BUILDING - MORNING 77F
text: Amina runs up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT - MORNING TIG
text: Carl continues to dial.
scene_heading: INT. IN THE CORRIDOR TO THE HAMSHARI APARTMENT - MORNING 77H
text: Amina runs to her apartment door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT ~ MORNING 771
text: Carl finishes dialling. The phone starts to ring.
scene_heading: INT. IN THE BEDROOM IN HAMSHARI‘'S APARTMENT -— MORNING 77S
text: Hamshari is putting on his shirt as Amina runs into the room.
speaker_heading: AMINA (ARABIC)
text: Mommy forgot her glasses.
speaker_heading: 7K
speaker_heading: 771
speaker_heading: 77M
speaker_heading: TIN
speaker_heading: 770
speaker_heading: F7P
dialog: 53.
text: The phone rings. She goes to her mother’s vanity and takes a
text: pair of glasses from a drawer. She runs to the phone.
speaker_heading: AMINA (ARABIC)
dialog: I'll get it, Daddy.
text: She picks up the phone. A slight hum.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH ~ MORNING 77K
text: Carl, hearing the phone being lifted, raise his finger as a
dialog: signal to Avner.
text: Avner looks down the street to the front door of the
text: apartment building. He sees Mme. Hamshari’s car. It
text: registers that Amina is no longer in the car. Avner shoots 4
text: gauick panicked glance up at the window of Hamshari’s
text: apartment, realizing suddenly what's happened.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PHONE BOOTH - MORNING 77L
text: Carl hears someone pick up the phone. He starts to ask if
text: it’s Hamshari when he hears Amina’s voice.
speaker_heading: AMINA‘'S VOICE
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE FIAT - MORNING 77M
text: The indicator light on Robert's remote lights up. Robert
text: starts to move the tape off the toggle switch. He can’t get
text: the tape off.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT - MORNING TIN
text: Avner runs towards the Fiat. Behind him, across the street,
text: Carl has dropped the receiver and is running as well across
text: the street towards the Fiat.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE FIAT - MORNING 770
text: Robert is fumbling, having trouble getting the tape off the
text: detonator switch. Steve and Hans are anxiously watching him.
scene_heading: INT. IN THE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT ~ MORNING TTP
text: Amina is holding the phone.
speaker_heading: 779
speaker_heading: 77R
speaker_heading: 778
speaker_heading: 77T
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: AMINA
dialog: Hello? Hello?
dialog: {to her father:)
text: No one is saying anything.
text: Hamshari approaches the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI'S APARTMENT - MORNING 770
text: Robert has peeled the tape off and puts his thumb on the
text: switch. Suddenly Carl and Avner appear, pounding on the
text: car’s closed windows. Hans reaches over and stops Robert's
text: thumb with his hand.
text: Carl and Avner are frozen, pressed against the windows.
text: Avner draws his hand across his throat, meaning “abort.”
scene_heading: INT. IN THE BEDROOM, HAMSHARI'S APARTMENT - MORNING 77R
text: Amina looks up to her father.
speaker_heading: AMINA (ARABIC)
dialog: Nobody is saying anything?
text: Hamshari takes the phone.
speaker_heading: HAMSHARI
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: (in ARABIC:)
dialog: Hello?
text: He hangs up.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMSHART’S STREET - MORNING 778
text: Amina comes out of the building and gets into the car,
text: handing her mother a pair of sunglasses, which her mother
text: puts on as she drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. ON THE STREET, OUTSIDE THE VAN - MORNING 77T
text: Hans Robert and Steve inside the van and Carl and Avner
text: outside on the pavement watch Mme. Hamshari and Amina drive
text: away. The other four all turn to Avner, who looks up at the
dialog: Hamshari apartment.
speaker_heading: 77W
dialog: 78-91
dialog: 92
scene_heading: INT. IN THE BEDROOM IN HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT - MORNING 770
text: Hamshari is tying his tie as the phone rings. He looks at it.
text: The phone rings again. He answers it.
speaker_heading: HAMSHART
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH ~ MORNING TIV
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Mahmoud Hamshari?
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT -MORNING 77W
text: The sound of an explosion, but dull -~ people look up,
text: confused. The glass in the window of Hamshari's apartment
text: seems to buige outwards. Thousands of cracks appear; the
text: glass holds.
speaker_heading: OMIT 78-91
scene_heading: INT. A SAFE HOUSE IN PARIS ~ AFTERNOON 92
text: CLOSE UP on a child’s wind-up toy, a tin clown which rolls on
text: a ball across a tabletop, moving beautifully till it loses
text: its balance and falis over. Robert, thoroughly wretched,
text: picks up the toy, pries it open and tinkers with the weights
dialog: inside.
text: Steve's watching TV and flipping through a magazine. Avner
text: is grinding herbs in a pestle, preparing dinner. Hans is
text: again working on the receipts. It’s silent.
text: Carl arrives.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: He's at L'Hopital Cochin. I don't
dialog: know how badly we hurt him, they
dialog: aren't saying.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (to Robert: }
dialog: Why did you put a goddamned
dialog: firecracker in that phone?!
dialog: 33
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: ROEERT
dialog: I didn’t want to blow up the
dialog: building! What do you want from
dialog: me?!
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: An Arab corpse.
text: Robert goes back to his work, miserable. Hans works on the
text: receipts. He finishes.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Another two hundred thousand
dialog: dollars, more or less, to
dialog: eliminate target number two.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: If he's been eliminated. We should
dialog: stick with guns.
speaker_heading: AVNER
text: No one notices a shooting. Bombs
dialog: accomplish a double objective:
dialog: Eliminating targets, and terrifying
dialog: the terrorists.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: That only works when the bombs
dialog: work.
text: Robert stands abruptly, grabs his coat and heads for the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Stay! That's an order!
text: Robert leaves, closing the door behind him.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: a5
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: so
dialog: 19
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: OMITTED 98
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE, FRANKFURT - MORNING 99
text: Carl is on the phone. A television is on, and he’s watching
text: it as he talks.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: They discovered seven in a mail
dialog: room near the embassy in, ah,
dialog: Earl's court.
scene_heading: INT. A MAIL-SORTING ROOM, POST OFFICE, EARL'S COURT - DAY 100
text: Detectives and soldiers, some with guns, two holding bomb-
text: sniffing dogs on leashes, are looking on while an army sapir,
text: head-to toe in canvas and wicker armor, with great care is
text: using tongs to extract another manila envelope from a stuffed
text: mail bin. He places the envelope on the floor, alongside six
dialog: others.
scene_heading: EXT. A PAYPHONE NEAR AN AIRPORT - DAY 101
text: Avner is talking on the phone to Carl.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I guess they missed one.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ISRAELI EMBASSY, LONDON - MORNING 162
text: A handsome brick mansion at the end of a courtyard off a
text: guiet London street. The Israeli flag is flying.
speaker_heading: CARL (V.0.)
dialog: Right after Channukah, so I guess
text: there was a big pile-up of mail,
dialog: and they got careless.
scene_heading: INT. AN OFFICE IN THE EMBASSY - MORNING 103
dialog: The attache for Agricultural imports, Dr. Ami Sachori, is
text: standing at his desk. He is sorting through a large pile of
text: mail and looking over a report at the same time. He picks up
text: a siightly-larger-than-letter size manila envelope. He tears
text: it open. The envelope explodes, hurling Sachori in the air
text: over his desk.
dialog: 164
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: ioe
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: OMIT 104
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE, FRANKFURT - MORNING 105
text: Carl on the phone, watching the television. On the TV, the
dialog: Israeli ambassador to Britain.
scene_heading: THE ISRAELI AMBASSADOR
dialog: It has become much easier for these
dialog: terrorist groups to operate in
dialog: Europe. They take advantage of
dialog: your open societies and your
dialog: hospitality. And, ah, we believe
dialog: that unless there is, there are
dialog: strong concerted anti-terrorist
dialog: measures, this menace will grow for
dialog: you as it has for us.
scene_heading: CARL THE ISRAELI AMBASSADOR
dialog: They’ve found other letters And, ah, there should be no
dialog: in Israel of course, Canada, sympathy for these evil and
dialog: Argentina, Vienna, Kinshasa, perverted men -- that is the
text: Paris and Brussels. Dozens of message of Munich, which has
dialog: them, mostly mailed from the been reaffirmed by the murde:
dialog: Netherlands. It’s ail Black in my embassy this morning.
dialog: September.
scene_heading: EXT. A PAYPHONE NEAR AN AIRPORT - DAY 106
text: Avner is on the phone to Carl.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: It’s a response, then. To
dialog: Hamshari.
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE, FRANKFURT - MORNING 107
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: And to Zwaiter. They're talking to
dialog: us. We’re in dialogue now.
dialog: Where are you?
scene_heading: EXT. A PAYPHONE NEAR AN AIRPORT - DAY 108
text: Avner on the phone.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: In New York, I‘m checking on a
dialog: lead. I'll call you back.
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 65.
text: Avner hangs up. He walks away from the phone. The sign on
text: the phone booth is in Hebrew.
scene_heading: INT. CUSTOMS DESK, LOD AIRPORT - DAY 109
text: An Israeli customs officer is examining a West German
dialog: passport.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMS AGENT
dialog: What brings you to Israel, Mr.
dialog: Storsch?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Business. And to see the Holy
dialog: Sepulcher.
text: The agent hands Avner his passport.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMS AGENT
dialog: Have a pleasant stay.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATERNITY FLOOR, A HOSPITAL IN TEL AVIV - DAY 110
text: Avner's mother, a woman in her 50s, disappointed, unhappy
text: face, is waiting with Avner, who is a wreck. Other expectant
text: fathers are waiting too.
speaker_heading: AVNER'S MOTHER
dialog: Are you going to see your father?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: (shaking his head “no")
dialog: Why is this taking so long?!?
speaker_heading: AVNER'S MOTHER
dialog: It isn’t fast. We have the best
dialog: hospitals in the world.
dialog: When you were born, your father was
dialog: elsewhere. I was alone.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: He was in prison.
speaker_heading: AVNER'S MOTHER
dialog: Should you be here? Aren’t you on
dialog: duty?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You going to turn me in?
dialog: How is he?
dialog: iil
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: AVNER'S MOTHER
dialog: I don't visit your father so much.
text: Wilma lets him yell at her all the
dialog: time. She depresses me.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: AVNER'S MOTHER
dialog: I'm managing, don’t worry about me.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Ma...
speaker_heading: AVNER'S MOTHER
dialog: I'm proud of what you're doing.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You don't know what I'm doing.
text: They look at each other. Avner looks exhausted, and sad.
speaker_heading: AVNER'S MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I look at you, I know everything I
dialog: need to know.
scene_heading: INT. DAPHNA'S HOSPITAL ROOM lil
text: Avner and Daphna and Geula, the baby.
speaker_heading: AVNER
text: She's frighteningly ugly.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: She takes after you.
text: He stands, walks to the door of the room, looks through the
text: little window in the door at his mother, who is sitting in a
text: chair in the hallway, looking lonely and grim.
text: He goes back to Daphna’s bed.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I want you to move.
dialog: For a time. I’ve arranged a place,
dialog: for us, in Brooklyn.
dialog: I can't come back here again, not
dialog: for... I don’t know. I can see you
dialog: there more often, and her.
text: Daphna looks at Geula.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I have my family here, and your
dialog: parents.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You want my parents to help raise
dialog: her? Look what they did to me.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: Don't you want your daughter to be
dialog: an Israeli, Avner?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: She’1ll always be an Israeli.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: Not in Brooklyn. She'll just be
dialog: another homeless Jew.
text: She strokes his face.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: You‘re not so terrible.
speaker_heading: AVNER . :
dialog: Io can’t do what I’m doing if I
dialog: can’t see you, I can’t...
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t do it, then.
dialog: Avner, this is our home.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You‘re the only home I've ever had.
text: Daphna cracks up.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: Oh, man, that is so corny!
text: She can‘t stop laughing.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: It wasn’t easy to say that!
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: T bet! God damn. Why'd IT have to
dialog: marry a sentimentalist?
dialog: You’re ruining my life!
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 112
text: INT. INSIDE A CAR PARKED ACROSS THE STREET FROM THE HOTEL 113
scene_heading: OLYMPIC, ON THE CYPRUS COAST NEAR NICOSIA - DAY
text: Hans, Steve and Avner are watching Hussein Abad al-Chir, ;
text: business suit, sunglasses and a checkered kaffiyeh, stepping
text: into a limousine accompanied by three men with Russian faces.
text: Hans shows the others a photo. They look from the photo to
text: the man getting in the car.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Uh oh, waistline bulge, he has a
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: As do the Russians.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: It‘s definitely him.
speaker_heading: HANS os
dialog: Hussein Abad al~Chir.
text: His room is next to Israeli
text: newlyweds. They're marrying in
dialog: Cyprus because she's not Jewish.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: {mock horror)
dialog: A mixed marriage! A shonde!
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: OK, yeah, but you now, let’s not
dialog: blow them up.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: Robert‘s making the bomb. They have
dialog: nothing to fear.
scene_heading: INT. A SAFE HOUSE IN NICOSIA - DAY, PERHAPS 114
text: The curtains are drawn. Lights intensely illuminate Robert
text: at a table wiring six bombs together. He has a checklist and
text: a hand-drawn diagram near him on the floor, which he consults
text: as he wires. Steve, Hans, Carl and Avner are watching.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: The KGB brings him home every
dialog: evening.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 69,
speaker_heading: ROBERT (cont'd)
text: He turns on the light, he
text: undresses, he turns off the light,
text: he gets into bed.
text: We blow up the bed.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I knew a field agent who got too
text: scared to sleep in his bed. So
dialog: every night he slept on the floor
text: of his closet. He still does. Every
text: night. Sleeps in closets.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Be sure to include that anecdote in
dialog: your memoirs, Carl.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: £ al-Chir sleeps in his closet
dialog: we're in trouble. If he gets into
text: bed, his weight arms the device.
dialog: When we see his lights go out, I
dialog: wait a bit, hit the remote and...
scene_heading: 115 INT. AL-CHIR'S ROOM IN THE HOTEL OLYMPIC - LATE AFTERNOON 115
text: Steve is holding up the mattress of the bed, sweating under
text: its sagging weight, while Robert, on his knees, is carefully
text: placing the bombs, in their frame, under the mattress, and
text: wiring the detonators to a wire that dangles out over the
text: bedframe with a lightbulb on the end of it. Carl guards the
text: door, gun drawn.
text: A light knocking outside on the door. Everyone freezes. Carl
text: opens it and admits Avner.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I checked in to the room next door.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: There are balconies. When I see
dialog: him get in bed I'll signal by
text: switching off the light.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: If the bomb‘s too powerful you
dialog: could be killed.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: That won't happen, right?
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: AVNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Robert?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (concentrating, not
dialog: listening: )
dialog: It won't, no.
text: Robert helps Steve lower the mattress very slowly onto the
text: bomb. Avner and Carl watch, not breathing. The mattress is
text: now resting on the bomb. Rebert checks the lightbulb. It’s
text: dark. He smiles, nods. He motions to Steve and they raise
text: the mattress again. He makes adjustments on the bomb.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (softly, to Avner)
dialog: A boy or a girl?
text: Avner looks at him, surprised.
speaker_heading: AVNER
text: A girl.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Mazeltov, Avner.
text: Avner nods, pleased, missing his family.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Did you see the papers this
dialog: morning? News from Paris. Dr.
text: Hamshari succumbed to his wounds.
text: He's dead.
dialog: So again, mazeltov, Avner.
text: Robert and Steve lower the mattress.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Now someone has to test it.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Test it?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Lie on the bed. If the bomb’s
dialog: placed correctly the bulb will
dialog: light. So who wants to test it?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: {to Robert: }
dialog: Why don’t you test it?
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: It won’t blow up.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Prove that you trust me. One of
dialog: you, get in the bed.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Steve, you do it.
text: Steve looks at Robert and flings himself in the air and onto
text: the mattress. The bulb lights.
text: EXT. THE BALCONIES ON THE FIFTH FLOOR OF THE HOTEL OLYMPIC16
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Avner is standing on the balcony. The room next to his is
text: dark, and the room to the right of that room is lit. Below
text: him, on the street, a car honks its horn twice. He goes to
text: the railing and looks down. A limo is pulling up.
text: Wearing a bathrobe, the young bride in the room one over from
text: Avner's comes out on her balcony for a smoke. She sees Avner
text: and smiles at him. Her husband comes out, clad only in pajama
text: bottoms. He nods to Avner, then:puts his arms around his
text: bride. They look at to sea; he kisses her neck. Avner wants
text: to look and look and is embarrassed and looks away.
text: The lights in the room next to his are switched on. Al~-Chir
text: is in his room.
text: Silence, the sound of a brief phone call in Arabic. The
text: bridegroom is whispering something to the bride. Avner,
text: horny, lonely, stares at them.
text: Al-Chir steps out onto his balcony. Avner is startled.
text: Al-Chir nods at the bridegroom and bride. They smile at him
text: and then the bridegroom leads the bride back into their room.
text: Laughter comes from inside, followed by music. Their lights
dialog: go out.
text: Moans and groans start to drift out. Avner stares, al-Chir
text: stares, both men fascinated, at the dark open doorway of the
text: newlyweds’ room.
text: Al-Chir turns to smile at Avner.
scene_heading: HUSSEIN ABAD AL~CHIR
dialog: Good evening.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Oh, uh, good evening.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: HUSSEIN ABAD AL-CHIR
dialog: Beautiful night.
dialog: Where are you from? I can’t place
dialog: the --
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Koln.
scene_heading: HUSSEIN ABAD AL~CHIR
dialog: Yes? I wouldn’t have guessed, it,
dialog: I thought perhaps a Swede. I taught
dialog: in Sweden. Near Eastern languages.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Really?
scene_heading: HUSSEIN ABAD AL-CHIR
dialog: Teaching Lebanese immigrant women
dialog: how to clean houses in Swedish.
dialog: Surprisingly remunerative. And
dialog: such a beautiful country!
text: The sounds of love-making increase in volume.
speaker_heading: HUSSEIN ABAD AL~CHIR (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you here last night?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: No, I just checked in, just
dialog: arrived,
scene_heading: HUSSEIN ABAD AL-CHIR
dialog: Don't plan to sleep. They keep at
dialog: it till dawn.
dialog: I loved Sweden, I've loved all the
dialog: places I've lived, but there's
dialog: nothing like the Mediterranean. If
dialog: you were born within sight of it
dialog: you can't live without it.
text: Al-Chir takes a pack of cigarettes out of his jacket pocket.
text: He takes out a cigarette, offers one to Avner who shakes his
dialog: head “no.”
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Where were you born?
scene_heading: HUSSEIN ABAD AL-~CHIR
text: A town that no longer exists.
text: Al-Chir puts the cigarette in his mouth and pats his pockets
text: leoking for a match. Avner takes out a lighter, holds it out
text: towards Al-Chir, who leans over his side of the balcony.
dialog: i17
dialog: 118
dialog: 73.
text: Avner flicks the lighter and, using his hand te shield the
text: flame from the wind, lights al-Chir‘s cigarette. Al-Chir
text: nods thanks, inhales, exhales.
scene_heading: HUSSEIN ABAD AL-CHIR
dialog: But the sea is still here.
text: The sex sounds from the newlyweds’ suite become downright
dialog: raucous.
speaker_heading: HUSSEIN ABAD AL-CHIR (CONT'D)
dialog: There! For hours! Take a sleeping
dialog: pill if you have one. You want to
dialog: borrow one of mine?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I can sleep through anything.
scene_heading: HUSSEIN ABAD AL-CHIR
dialog: Pleasant dreams.
text: He goes in his room. Then the lights go off.
text: Avner moves closer to the balcony railing where it abuts the
text: hotel wall. He hauls himself up, then leans in. He hears al-
text: Chir moving about, singing softly to himself. A tap running.
text: Peeing. A toilet flush. Then the sound of a man lowering
text: himself into bed with a sigh.
text: Avner leans further in. He can just see the foot of the bed,
text: and al-Chir's legs sliding under the bedclothes. He lowers
text: himself back to his own balcony, goes in his room, switches
text: off the light.
text: A beat, and then an enormous explosion; the wall Avner's room
text: shares with al-Chir's is pushed in and falls over, intact,
text: knocking Avner back onto his bed. The fan in the ceiling
text: above is sheered off and falls, nearly hitting Avner.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOTEL OLYMPIC - NIGHT 117
text: Smoke and flames explode from ai-Chir’s room across his
dialog: balcony.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET IN FRONT OF THE HOTEL OLYMPIC ~ NIGHT 118
text: Glass and plaster and stone rain down on the street, bouncing
text: off a car in which Steve and Carl are sitting.
text: Robert. and Hans are in the car behind Steve and Carl‘s car,
text: Hans driving, Robert holding the detonator. The car lurches
text: forward, preparing to drive off as planned.
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
text: It screeches to a stop amidst the rain of debris as Carl
text: jumps out of the first car. Carl slams his hand on the hood
text: of Hans’s car.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Go!
text: Hans pulls the car out and drives off as Carl runs to the
dialog: hotel.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER'S ROOM, HOTEL OLYMPIC -NIGHT i119
text: Avner is trapped in a space between his bed and the wall,
text: which is now leaning against the opposing wall, pictures on
text: it dangling from their hooks. Avner struggles to get out.
scene_heading: INT. THE FIFTH FLOOR HALLWAY OF THE HOTEL OLYMPIC - NIGHT120
text: The hall is thick with smoke. Avner, covered in plaster
text: dust, coughing, is emerging from his room.
text: To the left of al-Chir's doorless room, the newlyweds force
text: their door and stumble out, naked, covered in dust. He's
text: bleeding. froma nasty cut.on his forehead, and she's
text: momentarily blinded by plaster dust and smoke. The groom
text: turns to Avner.
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: Oh my God! Oh my God!
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: What... what happened??!!
speaker_heading: BRIDE
dialog: Iocan't see!
text: The groom wipes at her eyes with his thumbs. Avner goes into
text: their room and comes out with sheets. They wrap themselves.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Get downstairs, the stairs, here.
text: He pushes them toward the stairs. The door to the stairwell
text: opens and Carl, carrying a fire extinguisher, rushes past
text: Avner, their eyes meeting. Avner leads the couple to the
text: stairs as Carl runs into al-Chir's room.
dialog: 122
dialog: 122
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. IN AL~CHIR'S ROOM, THE HOTEL OLYMPIC - NIGHT 121
text: Smoke and dust. The room is utterly destroyed. Carl blasts
text: the fire extinguisher at small flames. He gropes for the
text: light switch, flicks it.
text: The crystal chandelier, a burnt and twisted mess of metal,
text: hanging by wires, lights up -- one or two bulbs are intact.
text: An arm and a section of torso are dangling from the
text: chandelier.
text: Carl switches off the light as Avner comes in. Carl wipes
text: the extinguisher clean with his handkerchief, then drops it
text: on the floor.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Let's get out of here.
scene_heading: EXT. ABOARD A SMALL FISHING BOAT ON THE OPEN SEA - NIGHT 122
text: The team is huddled over a thermos on the deck. They speak
text: in whispers.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: It was toc powerful, it could have —
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Target number three. Outcome not in
dialog: doubt!
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: {to Robert:)
text: The ceiling in the lobby cracked!
dialog: You nearly demolished the -- You
dialog: could have killed Avner. And --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: The plastique wasn't what I asked
dialog: for, it couldn't have been the
dialog: grade I specified, someone changed
text: the markings on the explosives.
speaker_heading: STEVE CARL
dialog: What does it matter, we got (to Robert)
dialog: Black September’s contact What do you mean, someone
dialog: with the KGB! changed the --
dialog: (to Steve:)
dialog: Shut up, please.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Louis provided the plastique,
dialog: right?
dialog: 123
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Yes. Why?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (to Avner:)
dialog: Why are we trusting him?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: We have no idea who he is.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: He's finding our targets.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Yes, but --
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Without him we’d be nowhere in
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: The plastique was much more
dialog: ..spowerful than what I requested.
dialog: Someone changed the label.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: For all we know, Louis works for
dialog: the PLO, and they’re using us to do
text: internal housecleaning.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: That's --
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Whose fishing boat is this?
text: Everyone looks at Avner.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Louis arranged it.
text: Silence. Steve takes out his .22, undoes the safety, puts it
text: back in its holster. The boat sails on in the dark.
text: EXT. THE PICTURE GLASS WINDOW OF A KITCHEN DESIGN AND SUPHRY
scene_heading: STORE ON A FANCY STREET IN PARIS ~ NIGHT
text: It's late and misty. There are no pedestrians. Avner is
text: looking at a brightly lit and very beautiful Swedish-Modern
text: kitchen set up for display.
dialog: i24
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: 126A
dialog: 127
dialog: 7?.
text: He's tired, but staring at the kitchen with real longing, his
text: eyes traveling over every inch of it, drinking in what at
dialog: means: luxury, security, domesticity, Daphna -- everything
text: he’s aching for.
text: Avner’s hungry, weary face is reflected by the glass. The124
text: kitchen dims and merges with another image, apparently
text: reflected at first then growing in sharpness and solidity:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 124
speaker_heading: OMITTED 125
speaker_heading: OMITTED 126
speaker_heading: OMITTED 126A
text: EXT. THE PICTURE GLASS WINDOW OF A KITCHEN DESIGN AND SUPBLY
text: STORE ON A FANCY STREET IN PARIS — NIGHT
text: Avner, watching in the glass, as the. scene of carnage fades
dialog: away.
text: Louis is standing next to Avner. He has an Alsatian by the
text: leash. Avner turns to look at Louis, unfocused.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: There was nothing wrong with the
dialog: explosive. Bomb makers are nervous,
dialog: which is understandable.
speaker_heading: AVNER LOUIS
dialog: There’s nothing wrong with my Fear makes them sloppy.
dialog: bomb maker, it was your --
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We've found three more names for
dialog: you,
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Three?
text: Avner seems dismayed, as if someone’s just put a heavy weight
text: on his back.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes, three. Thought you’d be
dialog: pleased.
dialog: *
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I am. Who?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Kemal Nasser, Kemal Adwan and
dialog: Yussuf Najjer.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: That's -- Adwan and Abu Yussuf?
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Lebanon. They’re in Beirut.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Beirut. ;
dialog: Nasser, Adwan and Najjer.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Serious characters.
speaker_heading: AVNER
text: Extremely serious.
dialog: Ayner thinks.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Smile, Monsieur Storsch. A second
dialog: Christmas!
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I'd like to pay you a little extra
dialog: for this, for these three names.
dialog: Six hundred thousand. Dollars.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Monsieur Storsch, my group, we
dialog: don't care much for governments.
dialog: Any governments. We don't work with
dialog: or for them. That's an absolute
dialog: condition of... My theory. You
dialog: understand?
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: If I learned that your sudden
dialog: generosity was an attempt to buy
dialog: our acquiescence in your sharing my
dialog: information with, let us say... CIA
dialog: or MI6é or, or Mossad, even.
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I don't work for --
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Oh you have no idea who you work
dialog: for, trust me, you don’t.
dialog: Lie to me and you will find me
text: abruptly unreachable. And unhappy.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Let me buy you a drink.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You save your money. At these
dialog: prices, you're going to need it.
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE IN FRANKFURT - NIGHT 128
text: Ephraim, still in his coat, is standing amidst the team,
text: which is busy, everyone working like clockwork preparing
text: dinner. Avner is in the kitchen, assisted by Hans, simmering
text: a gravy, making spaetzle over a boiling pot, chopping dill.
text: Steve and Robert are setting the table, while Carl selects
dialog: and pours wine like a sommelier. ,They’re.now a family,
dialog: domesticated, concentrated, everyone knows what Avner expects
text: of them. Ephraim watches, awkward, out of place, intrigued.
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE IN FRANKFURT - NIGHT 129
text: The team is digging in: sliced lamb, a big bowl of boiled
text: potatoes, mint jelly, noodle soup, rolls, wine etc.. Ephraim
text: has the place of honor and his coat’s off now, but he still
text: looks uncomfortable and out of place, picking at the food.
text: Next to Robert, sitting incongruously on the table, is a
text: little crane, exquisitely detailed, with a claw hammer
text: dangling from it. Ephraim glances at it from time to time ~~
text: everyone else ignores it, used to it.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: It's obviously significant
dialog: information.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Abu Yussef! He’s like number three
dialog: in the whole Palestinian network,
dialog: it’s like Arafat, Habash and him!
dialog: O£ course he’s significant, he’s
dialog: the brains of the fedayeen!
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: {overlapping Steve above:)
dialog: Thanks for the instruction. And
dialog: the enthusiasm. I know who he is.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: Next to Salalmeh, Abu Yussuf’s the
dialog: worst guy we’re after, right? And,
dialog: and Adwan plans all the actions in
dialog: the West Bank, right? We get the
dialog: significance! These are serious
dialog: targets! We want to go to Beirut.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: No. You keep out of the Arab
dialog: countries. Mossad and the army
dialog: will take care of it.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: So much for no dead civilians.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: {To Carl, grim:)
dialog: You need to control yourself.
dialog: vee (to Robert, irritated:)
dialog: What is that, that contraption?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Oh: It’s just a ~-
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You can’t send the army. We can’t
dialog: allow that.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: You can't allow it?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Our source doesn’t know we're
dialog: Mossad.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: You aren’t Mossad.
text: Robert turns a tiny crank. The crane wheels around to the
text: Gish with he boiled potatoes. Robert turns another crank and
text: the crane’s claw drops inte the bowl, opening as it descends.
text: Another crank and the claw clamps around a potato. Robert
text: turns cranks and pulls levers until the little crane has
text: dropped the potato onto his plate. Ephraim stares at this,
text: incredulous. Then he decides to pretend it didn’t happen.
dialog: Bl.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: If commandos go to Beirut, our
dialog: source will cut us off.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Why don’t you and I go for a walk
dialog: and talk about this? Alone.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: The food will get cold.
speaker_heading: AVNER STEVE
dialog: (Over Hans: ) (Over Hans:)
dialog: We have to go to Beirut. Three names! We're good at
dialog: It’s our information. It's this! We deserve this
dialog: our job. chance!
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: That's touching. In a juvenile
dialog: sort of way.
dialog: Listen, you've done reasonably
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: “Reasonably”?!
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: You’re spending a lot of money.
dialog: Well, we expected that.
dialog: The world’s already forgetting
dialog: Munich.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: The world forgot before the
text: athletes were in their graves.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: People are going to find it
dialog: difficult, connecting these bodies
dialog: with the crimes they committed.
dialog: This is... unimaginably risky for
dialog: us. You understand that, yes? For
dialog: our country. Me being here with
dialog: you, now, is risky. An operation
dialog: like Beirut could become a big
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Let us do it and it won’t be a
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: ee OF
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Look, lots of people in Mossad
dialog: don’t know about you. No one
dialog: knows. Everyone's asking “Who's
dialog: killing the fedayeen? Is it our
dialog: guys? Why weren't we told?” Big
dialog: egos, lots of screaming. Maybe I
dialog: can include... one or two of you,
dialog: but excluding Mossad, or the army,
dialog: is impossible. Accept it.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: We will, but our source won't.
speaker_heading: EPBRAIM
dialog: Who‘s your source?
text: Carl and Avner look at one another. Carl smiles.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Avner:)}
dialog: It’s time you told me. And that, by
dialog: the way, is not a request, it's an
dialog: order.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: You can't order him, he doesn't
dialog: work for you.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: (to Carl:}
dialog: Shut up.
dialog: (to Avner:)
dialog: I pay you, you work for me.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I work for a metal box in a bank in
dialog: Geneva. The box pays me.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: You want it to find it empty?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I want you to let us do our work.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: You should be pleased, look how
dialog: eager we've gotten!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Some of us were always eager.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: We’ve reached consensus that this
dialog: was a necessary thing to do, even
dialog: if it stretches the definition of
dialog: our mission a bit.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: We want to do what we‘ve promised
dialog: to do, what we promised you and
dialog: Israel and our source.
text: While everyone's talking, Robert repeats the potato lift with
text: his crane. He drops the potato this time in Ephraim’s plate.
text: Ephraim looks at the potato and then slams his hand down,
dialog: hard, on the table!
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: {losing it, screaming:
dialog: WHAT IS THE MATTER WITH YOU? WITH
dialog: ALL OF YOU? GROW UP AND bo IT
dialog: QUICK! THIS IS, WHAT? A GAME? A
text: FUCKING GAME! WHO HAS THE SOURCE,
dialog: WHERE ARE YOU GETTING YOUR
scene_heading: INFORMATION, GIVE ME HIS GODDAMNED
speaker_heading: NUMBER.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: I hope the old lady upstairs
dialog: enjoyed that. She's a little deaf
dialog: but I doubt she had any trouble
dialog: hearing you.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I think she's Leni Reifenstahl.
dialog: The lady upst~-
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: She's not Leni Reifenstahl.
dialog: (to Ephraim: )
dialog: He's not kidding, he thinks she's --
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Give me the source and we’ll let
dialog: you take part.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Let us go to Beirut and use our
dialog: source and find the rest of the
dialog: targets. Let us do our job.
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: B4.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: If she turns out te be Leni
dialog: Reifenstahl can we kill her?
text: Ephraim looks around the table, furious. Without a word he
text: stands, grabs his hat and coat and leaves.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Oh well. It was a good career.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I think our careers ended when we
dialog: accepted this job.
dialog: Don’t you think? You heard him: No
dialog: one knows we're here. No one will
dialog: ever want to know.
dialog: I think my life ended when I took
dialog: this job.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PARKING LOT FOR DOVE BEACH IN BEIRUT - LATE NIGHI30
text: Four Zodiac rafts are nearing the shore. Twenty Sayeret
text: Matkal commandos are in the boat; some are in wetsuits, some
text: are dressed as tourists, male and female. The boats pull up
text: on beach. The commandos disembark. Sealed bags are opened
text: containing shoes, pistols, grenades, knives and uzis.
text: They move to the waiting cars and pile in. In the near
text: @istance there’s an outdoor restaurant, with a bandstand.
text: People are dancing and the band is playing top 40s hits, sung
text: in Arabic. The cars drive out onto the main drag of the Arab
dialog: Riviera: pre-1980s Beirut, beautiful hotels, casinos,
dialog: electric lights.
scene_heading: INT. THE PLYMOUTH STATION WAGON, BEIRUT - NIGHT 131
text: Robert drives, Avner beside him. In the seat behind them,
text: four Commandos, silent, huge, squeezed in uncomfortably.
text: Another commando in the back is preparing Uzis. One of the
text: commandos, disguised as a woman, early 30s, is stuffing hand-
text: grenades into his bra. This is Ehud Barak, the squad leader.
speaker_heading: ONE OF THE COMMANDOS
dialog: Ow, Ehud, you don’t make a pretty
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: BARAK
dialog: But I feel pretty, that's what
dialog: matters.
dialog: (to Avner, holding out his
dialog: hand: )
dialog: Ehud Barak.
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 85.
text: Avner reaches back, shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Um, Daniel.
speaker_heading: BARAK
dialog: Daniel what?
text: Avner smiles and shrugs. Barak looks at his men; they're
text: confused and suspicious.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You brought a lot of guns.
scene_heading: EXT. RUE VERDUN, BEIRUT - NIGHT 132
text: The other rental cars and the truck are waiting, with the
text: xest of the commandos, the old man and woman from the truck,
text: the other drivers -- all Mossad agents -~ and Steve. The
text: Plymouth station wagon and two other cars pull up behind an
text: apartment building. The commandos pile out.
text: The Plymouth's tailgate is opened and the Uzis are handed
text: out. Steve goes to Avner and Robert...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: A lot of guns, huh? To shoot three
dialog: guys.
text: Avner nods, worried.
text: EXT, THE COURTYARD OF AN APARTMENT BUILDING, BEIRUT ~ NIGHB3
text: Five Palestinian men, armed with old rifles and AK-47s, are
text: smoking, talking, standing guard. The commandos in drag
text: enter the courtyard. One of the Palestinians walks towards
text: them. The commandos draw silenced Berettas and shoot; the
text: Palestinians are shot before they can lift their guns. The
text: commandos use knives to make sure all five are dead. Behind
text: them, commandos in uniform, some with stockings pulled over
text: their faces, rush silently in, Avner, Robert and Steve among
text: them. Robert hesitates to watch the commandos dressed as
text: women finishing their grisly work.
scene_heading: INT. THIRD FLOOR HALLWAY OUTSIDE ABU YUSSUF'S APARTMENT, 134
speaker_heading: BEIRUT - NIGHT
text: An explosion, blowing the door off Abu Yussuf's apartment.
dialog: ra
dialog: we
dialog: Oo
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY OUTSIDE KEMAL NASSER'S APARTMENT.35
speaker_heading: BEIRUT - NIGHT
text: Another explosion blows the door of Kemal Nasser's apartment
text: straight into his room.
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR HALLWAY OUTSIDE KEMAL ADWAN'S APARTMENT 136
speaker_heading: BEIRUT - NIGHT
text: A group of commandos bursts round the corner, unexpectedly
text: encountering twenty armed Palestinian men. The commandos
text: immediately open fire with Ugis. The Palestinians are
text: scrambling over one another, shouting, trying to take aim,
text: blown to pieces by machine gun fire.
scene_heading: INT. KAMAL NASSER'S APARTMENT, BEIRUT - NIGHT 137
text: Commandos enter Nasser’s apartment through the smoke. The
text: room, apparently unoccupied, has been shattered by the blast
text: that blew the front door into the room. The door has struck
text: and is covering what’s left of a table. Dozens of pages of
text: paper, covered with text, thrown into the air by the blast,
text: are fluttering down. Some of the pages are on fire. An
text: intelligence agent among the commandos is rushing about,
text: grabbing up the pages, blowing out flames and stuffing all
text: printed matter he can find into a satchel.
text: The commandos use flashlights to look through the smoke all
text: around the room, trying to find Nasser.
speaker_heading: A COMMANDO
dialog: Where the fuck is he?
text: One of the commandos, standing by the front door, which is
text: now smashed up against the table, signals for the others to
text: stop looking. Gun at the ready, the commando flips the front
text: door over with his foot.
text: Nasser, in his thirties, a bloody mess, is barely conscious,
text: crushed under the door. The commandos look at him for a
text: moment. The one who’s found Nasser gives a nod and then he
text: starts firing into Nasser’s body; the other commandos follow
text: suit. Nasser’s body jerks and dances as it’s struck by
text: bullets. Then the shooting stops. The commando uses his foot
text: and slides the door over the corpse.
scene_heading: INT. KAMAL ADWAN'S APARTMENT, BEIRUT - NIGHT 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 87.
text: Adwan, coughing and blind from the smoke, is rising from
text: sleep in his bed, the television on, what's left of his door
text: swinging from its hinges. Commandos are entering his room.
text: He gropes for his Kalashnikov, screaming with rage as the
text: commandos fire, their magnesium bullets driving him down on
text: to the bed. He fires off a round of bullets in the general
text: direction of his attackers, wounding one commando, perhaps
text: severely -- his fire provoking a dramatic increase in return
text: fire. Adwan's body is shredded by the bullets. The mattress
text: he’s lying on bursts into flames.
scene_heading: INT. ABU YUSSUF'S APARTMENT, BEIRUT - NIGHT 139
text: Abu Yussuf is trying to rise, wounded by bullets and from
text: shrapnel from the bomb that tore off his door. His wife and
text: his teenaged son, holding a metal tube from a vaccuum
text: cleaner, are standing in an inner doorway, screaming. Two
text: commandos and Avner have entered the room, and the commandos
text: are raising their guns, aiming at the wounded man. Yussuf’s
text: wife throws herself in front of her husband just as the
text: commandos fire.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: (to the commandos: )'-
dialog: NO! STOP!
text: But it’s too fast, too late and the gunfire kills the woman
text: and her husband. Her bloody body topples onto his.
text: The boy raises the vacuum cleaner tube, growling, shaking,
text: crying. All the guns in the room swing in his direction. The
text: boy drops the tube, sinks to his knees and raises his arms in
dialog: surrender.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTYARD OF THE APARTMENT BUILDING, BEIRUT - NIGHD
text: It’s a gruesome mess, smoky air, shouting, and bodies
text: scattered on the ground. Commandos rush out of the buildings.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE THE APARTMENT BUILDING, BEIRUT - 141
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Avner and Robert emerge from the courtyard of the building
text: into gunfire. In the apartment building across the street,
text: another firefight is in full force -- automatic weapon fire,
text: smoke pouring from a few windows, bodies of Palestinians
text: lying on the sidewalk in pools of blood. Avner and Robert
text: duck behind a bullet-riddled dumpster. A couple of Israeli
text: commandos are there already, strafing the upper windows of
text: the building with machine gun fire to provide cover for the
text: commandos who are running out the front door.
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 88.
text: A Sayeret Maktal Commando gives a signal with his right hand,
text: and the other commandos, and Robert and Avner, head for their
text: getaway rental cars. Other cars, burning, flipped on their
text: sides, block the street. A narrow escapeway through the
text: wreckage remains. The cars speed away.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE A COFFEEHOUSE IN PARIS - DAY 143
text: Avner is sitting at a table, waiting for Louis, exhausted,
text: nervous. He's been reading several French newspapers. He
text: checks his watch. He’s been waiting a long time.
text: A big car pulls up, idling. The rear window rolls down.
text: Louis is inside. Avner stays at the table. Louis stays in
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: My papa would like to meet you.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Who? .
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: My papa. He runs our little group.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I thought you ran the group.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Everybody works for someone.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I wasn’t in Beirut.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Someone was there. The Israeli
dialog: army, according to every newspaper
dialog: on earth.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you stayed away. After you paid
dialog: so extravagantly for the
dialog: information.
text: Louis opens the door and slides over, making room for Avner.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I don’t like to keep my papa
dialog: waiting.
dialog: 145
dialog: eo.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I need to tell my people where I'm
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You don't know where you're going.
dialog: You'll need to wear this.
text: Louis takes a black sleep mask out of his pocket.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Go to hell, Louis, I'm not --
text: Louis slams the door shut.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: {to the man behind him:)
dialog: We're done here.
text: The car starts to pull away from the curb. Avner stands up-
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Come on, Louis, it's crazy, you
dialog: don't expect me to --
text: The car starts to drive away. Avner has to chase it a
text: distance down the street. He catches up with it and slams
text: his hand on the back of the car; it stops and the rear door
text: opens again.
text: Avner hesitates, then gets in.
scene_heading: INT. LOUIS'S CAR - DAY 144
text: Louis holds out the mask. Avner takes it.
speaker_heading: LOULS
dialog: If you feel carsick, I brought
text: candied ginger.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I have a strong stomach.
text: Avner puts on the mask. Blackness.
scene_heading: INT. LOUIS'S CAR ~ DAY 145
text: Avner’s mask is roughly removed. A group of young children
text: are standing around the car door, looking in at him. One of
text: the kids is holding his mask. As Avner, blinking, gets out
text: of the car, the kids run off, chattering and giggling.
dialog: 146
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: EXT. A FARMYARD, NEAR THE FRENCH ALPS - DAY 146
text: Very old stone barn, main house, sheds, a sheepfold, a
text: stable, ringed by spectacular mountains. Geese and a dogs
text: patrol the yard. The light is gorgeous, golden.
text: Avner walks towards the farmhouse and the sound of
dialog: conversation.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE FARMHOUSE ~ DAY 147
text: Avner comes through the front door into a large common
text: room/kitchen -- a room from the Middle Ages but with modern
text: amenities, including in one corner a large commercial stove.
text: The room is full of adults and many children. Some of the
text: adults look like working farmers, some like small-time
text: business people. The driver of Avner's car and the large man
text: are drinking wine. Louis is in a corner, talking to a woman,
text: his sister Sylvie. Avner starts towards Louis when his
text: sleeve is tugged. He looks down. An old man in a battered
text: cap and coat, sitting on a stool, points towards the kitchen
dialog: area.
text: At a counter near the stove, Louis's Papa, in his vigorous
text: 60s, is chopping vegetables. He glances up, gives Avner a4
text: quick appraising glance,waves him over and continues with his
dialog: cooking.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: Louis says you’re a cook.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I... I know how to cook.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: You'll help me. You bring these...
text: He hands Avner a big metal bowl filled with kidneys. He
text: points to the sink.
speaker_heading: PAPA (CONT'D)
dialog: There.
text: Avner brings the bowl to the sink, turns on the tap. Papa
text: hurries over, nudges Avner out of the way, turns off the tap.
text: He gestures with the large knife he’s holding.
speaker_heading: PAPA (CONT'D)
dialog: No! Don't wash! It will taste like
text: boiled sponge.
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Then why put them in the sink?
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: If the juices spurt out, it’s big
dialog: mess, the whole kitchen smells like
dialog: piss. Peel off the fat.
text: He dexterously peels off a kidney's thin membrane of fat.
speaker_heading: PAPA (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me see your hands.
text: Avner shows Papa his hands.
speaker_heading: PAPA (CONT'D)
dialog: Too big for a good cook! That was
dialog: my problem too.
text: Papa holds his right hand up, flat against Avner's.
speaker_heading: PAPA (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘d have been a master but I have
dialog: thick stupid butcher's hands, like
dialog: yours. We are tragic men. Butcher's
text: hands, gentle souls.
text: He tousles Avner's hair, gently, affectionately slaps his
dialog: face.
text: Across the room, Louis is watching their exchange.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE FARMHOUSE - DAY 148
text: Louis, drinking wine, is staring with an uncharacteristic
text: sullenness out a window. He's watching Avner and Papa
text: walking together towards an orchard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FARMHOUSE ORCHARD ~ DAY 149
text: Papa is picking green plums off a tree, tossing them into a
text: big basket Avner is holding.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: These are going to be too sour to
dialog: eat.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: Skin them and prick them and boil
dialog: them in sugar, bake them in honey
dialog: and dough.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: PAPA (cont'd)
dialog: A little torture, you'll see how
dialog: nice they are.
dialog: You call me papa.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I can't do that.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I have a papa already.
text: Papa stops picking and looks at Avner.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: And you are devoted to him.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Am I here because of what happened
dialog: in Beirut?
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: Your papa must be proud of his son.
dialog: We'll pick a few, let the rest
dialog: ripen. There are too many.people
dialog: “to feed. But -~
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You have to feed your family.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: (grinning: )
dialog: Yes!
dialog: We don’t work with governments.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Louis said, but -~
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: But you did what you had to,
dialog: because you have to feed your
dialog: family.
text: They turn to go back to the farmhouse.
text: Louis is in the window. Papa and Avner stare at him; Avner
text: waves. Louis raises his glass in salute.
scene_heading: 150 INT. THE COMMON ROOM OF THE FARMHOUSE ~ DAY i590
text: The whole group is seated around the massive table. Food and
text: wine are being served by the women.
dialog: 93.
text: Papa is at the head of the table, Avner seated on his right.
text: e@ Louis and Sylvie sit a few seats down.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: (to Avner:)
dialog: I blew up trains, bridges, trucks
dialog: full of Germans during the war. My
dialog: brothers died. My papa and my
dialog: sister were both hanged, she was a
text: young girl.
speaker_heading: SYLVIE
dialog: Papa, the guest doesn’t want to
dialog: hear your war stories.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: (ignoring her:)
dialog: We paid this price so Vichy scum
dialog: could be replaced by Gaullist scum
dialog: and the Nazis could be replaced by
dialog: Stalin and America.
dialog: We stay away from government.
dialog: (to the table, crossing
dialog: himself: )
dialog: We say grace.
text: e The others start to cross themselves and pray.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Maybe our guest could lead us.
text: Papa looks at Avner. Avner starts to cross himself. Papa
text: grabs his hand, stopping him.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: It’s not required.
dialog: (to Louis, angry)
dialog: You lead us instead.
text: Louis deliberately crosses himself backwards.
speaker_heading: LouIS
dialog: Our Father, who gives us obedient,
dialog: respectful clients who obey the
dialog: rules according to which our
dialog: business thrives -~
text: Over this, one of the older woman raps her knuckles on the
dialog: table.
dialog: 151
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: LOUIS OLDER WOMAN (FRENCH)
dialog: And punish those who (to Papa) .
dialog: transgress against us, whose I won't have my grandchildren
text: prevarications and deceptions listen to his blasphemous --
speaker_heading: PAPA (FRENCH)
dialog: (to Louis, angry!)
dialog: It's not all for business! I didn't
dialog: do ali this for the fucking money!
speaker_heading: SYLVIE (FRENCH)
dialog: Why'd you do it then? You've made
dialog: millions from this.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: (to Avner:)
dialog: In my despair I fathered madmen who
dialog: dress like factory workers but
dialog: never do manual labor, who read
text: nonsense and spout pompous bullshit
dialog: about Algerians and, and who love
dialog: nothing, not Algerians or French or
dialog: flesh and blood or anything living.
dialog: (to Louis, pointedly:)
dialog: So I have sympathy for a man who
dialog: can say "I have a papa." Who does
dialog: what he must for his family.
dialog: {to Sylvie, in FRENCH:)
dialog: I did it for my family, for you.
dialog: You... centaur! You minotaur!
text: Syivie laughs at this.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: I will say grace.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FARMYARD - AFTERNOON 151
text: Louis, the large man and the driver are waiting by the car.
text: Papa and Avner stand apart. A small child is hanging on to
text: Avner's hand, swinging. Papa holds a wax paper parcel tied
text: neatly with green gardener’s twine.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: In the resistance there were
dialog: occasionally some of your uncles,
dialog: your cousins.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: My... ?
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: PAPA
text: Ruben, Benjamin and Moshe.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: oh.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: When it came to killing Germans,
dialog: even we didn't have such a fierce
dialog: appetite for it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There's some opinion that you
dialog: should be punished for what
dialog: happened in Beirut.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: We didn't know so many would die.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: I'm in business with death. Do you
dialog: think I'm squeamish?
text: Papa pats Avner's cheek.
speaker_heading: PAPA (CONT'D)
dialog: The world has been rough with you,
dialog: with your tribe, your family. It’s
dialog: right to respond roughly to such
dialog: treatment -
text: Papa puts his arm across Avner's shoulder and walks him
text: towards the car. When Louis is within earshot:
speaker_heading: PAPA (CONT'D)
dialog: You pay well and you pay promptly,
dialog: so we'll continue together, but no
dialog: more infractions.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: None.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: You remind me of myself at your
dialog: age.
text: Louis hands Avner the mask and gets into the car.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: (to Papa: )
dialog: Thank you. You have my word.
text: Avner gets into the car, closes the door. Papa raps on the
text: glass. The window rolls down, and Papa leans in to Avner. He
dialog: hands Avner the parcel:
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: A few andouvillettes and some boudin
text: noir, black blood sausage, and a
dialog: Loire cheese, Selles sur Cher, they
dialog: cover it in ash to preserve it.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: You could have been my son.
text: Louis winces slightly. Avner’s embarrassed.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: But you're not. Remember that.
dialog: We'll do business. But you aren't
dialog: family.
text: Papa walks away. ‘The car drives off.
scene_heading: INT. LOUIS'S CAR, DRIVING THROUGH THE FRENCH ALPS ~ AFTRENGON
text: Silence, Avner is blindfolded. He starts to lift the mask.
text: Louis reaches over and roughly pushes it back in place.
scene_heading: INT. LOUIS’S CAR, ARRIVING NEAR THE KITCHEN DESIGN SHOP, 153
scene_heading: PARIS - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The car pulls up to a halt, curbside. Avner removes the
dialog: mask.
text: Louis is thinking. Silence. Avner doesn’t know whether to
text: stay in the car or leave. He puts his hand on the door
dialog: handle.
speaker_heading: LOurs
dialog: I have a new name for you.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I want Salameh.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You know where he is. You know
dialog: where all the names are. Salameh.
dialog: Lours
dialog: Untouchable.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I'm tired of hearing that.
dialog: You’re wasting my time.
text: Avner starts to get out of the car.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Zaid Muchassi.
text: Avner doesn’t recognize the name and doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Zaid Muchassi. He’s in Athens in
dialog: two weeks.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Not one of cur names.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Nevertheless. He's Black
text: September's KGB contact.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Hussein al-Chir was the KGB
dialog: contact.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But you put a bomb under Monsieur
dialog: al-Chir’s bed in Cyprus, and now
dialog: he’s defunct. Muchassi is his
dialog: replacement. I hear he’s much
text: tougher than his predecessor.
text: Avner doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: We offer Muchassi‘s whereabouts at
dialog: the new rate.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: The new rate.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Three names for six hundred
dialog: thousand is $200,000 for one name.
text: Avner nods.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I’1ll need you to get me a place to
dialog: work in Athens.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Of course... A safe house.
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: OMITTED ° 154
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN A CRUMMY NEIGHBORHOOD, ATHENS - DAY 155
text: Avner, Steve and Robert, carrying a duffel bag and a small
text: suitcase, are standing in front of a derelict building, the
text: crummiest on a block of really crummy warehouses; they‘re
text: looking in disbelief at the address.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Louis's idea of a joke?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I've had nightmares that look like
dialog: this.
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE, ATHENS - DAY 156
text: A large and utterly derelict apartment. It's unfinished and
text: abandoned. Cinderblock walls, cement floor, dank. It's
text: unfurnished, except for a small transistor radio, a few
text: rickety chairs, a couple of crates and two stacks of old
dialog: mattresses -- a pile of five, and a pile of four ~~ each pile
text: tied with hemp. Carl counts the mattresses, while Hans is
text: putting cartons of take-out food on one of the crates.
text: Robert is sitting on the floor, carefully wiring together
text: four squat, dinged-up, rust-spotted cylinders, hooking these
text: up to a remote-controlled fuse, and then placing the
text: contraption into a small suitcase, surrounding each device
text: with newspaper to prevent jostling. Four more of the
text: cylinders, more decrepit than the ones Robert's working on,
text: sit nearby on the floor. Steve and Avner watch him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (talking while he works)
dialog: When they explode they’1l toss
text: little white balls of phosphorus
text: around his room. Each ball is like
text: a little sun. It burns at around
text: 5,000 degrees. The air catches
text: fire, everything melts. The bad
dialog: news is they're grenades. I’m
dialog: altering them to use with a remote
dialog: detonator. And also I should
dialog: mention they're quite old, only
dialog: four looked viable. We'll have to
dialog: dump the rest.
text: Robert puts the unusable four grenades in a canvas duffel bag.
dialog: 157
speaker_heading: AVNER
text: There's a porter at the hotel where
dialog: Muchassi is staying. He‘ll let us
text: in the room when Muchassi‘s out.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Who provided these grenades?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Louis.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yeah. Thank him for that.
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE, ATHENS - LATE NIGHT i57
text: Food containers are strewn about. Carl, Hans and Avner are
text: fast asleep. Robert squeezes Avner's hand, gently. Avner
text: opens his eyes. Robert makes a sign: Quiet. Steve is awake,
text: gun drawn.
text: The door is opening.
text: Avner draws his ‘22, and he and Steve move to either side of
text: the door. Robert picks up the suitcase and the duffel bag
text: and steps behind Avner.
text: Four Palestinian men come into the room: one about fifty, two
text: in their thirties, one of whom is the leader, named Ali, and
text: one in his early twenties. One of the older men is carrying
text: groceries. Ali flips the light switch. The Palestinian
text: carrying the groceries drops them as he and his comrades all
dialog: draw their guns.
speaker_heading: ALI (ARABIC)
dialog: I have this house from the French,
dialog: I have permission, I am with Fatah!
dialog: PLO! PLO! It's been arranged, don't
dialog: shoot or we'll kill you, don't --
dialog: we have a right to be here, we
dialog: paid.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: (over this, in pidgin
speaker_heading: ARABIC and GERMAN: )
dialog: Put your guns away! Do it, now,
dialog: we'll shoot, we're... We paid too,
dialog: we paid too, Red Army Faction! Red
dialog: Army Faction!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: ETA! ETA! Basque, Basque!
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: OK. OK. OK. OK.
text: They're all pointing their guns. Avner glances at Carl, then
text: then lowers his gun slowly. The leader of the Palestinian
text: group follows suit. Carl, Hans and Robert lower their guns
text: next, as do two more Palestinians. Steve and the youngest
text: Palestinian continue to hold their guns out, a tense face-
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: ALI (ARABIC)
dialog: Said, put it down, now.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: (in GERMAN, to Steve:)
dialog: Jurgen! You also!
text: Said lowers his gun, as does Steve, after a quick bemused
text: glance at Avner. Everyone's got a finger on a trigger,
dialog: scared.
speaker_heading: AVNER (CONT'D) (HALTING ARABIC: )
dialog: Who told you to come here?
speaker_heading: ALI (HALTING GERMAN: )
text: The man at the bar on Hadjidakis
dialog: Street, the man who works for the
dialog: French.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: What French? Louis?
text: The Palestinian leader shrugs, not recognizing the name.
scene_heading: ONE OF THE OLDER PALESTINIANS
dialog: Who are you? English?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm ETA.
dialog: (pointing to Carl and
dialog: Hans)
dialog: They're Red Army Faction.
dialog: (pointing to Steve:)
dialog: He’s ANC, Jurgen. Afrikaans.
dialog: (pointing to Avner:)
dialog: Bruno. He's from Hamburg.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We're from Amman. I'm Ali.
dialog: (pointing at the others:}
dialog: Said, George, Abed.
dialog: 158
dialog: 101.
text: Everyone nods in tense greeting.
speaker_heading: ALI (CONT'D)
dialog: We paid for two nights, he said it
dialog: was safe.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: He told us the same.
scene_heading: ONE OF THE OLDER PALESTINIANS
dialog: Yes. Safe house.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: So. So is it... So we're safe?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Safe.
dialog: Everyone is safe.
scene_heading: INT, THE SAFE HOUSE, ATHENS - NEARLY DAWN 158
text: Carl, Hans and Robert are sleeping, Robert curled around the
text: suitcase, his head on the duffel bag. Steve is sitting on a
text: mattress, gun still in his hand. The twenty-year-old
text: Palestinian is leaning against a wall, also keeping watch.
text: Two other Palestinians are asleep. The remnants of their
text: dinner are mingled with the Israelis’ take-out.
text: Avner and Ali are talking quietly.
text: The twenty-year old Palestinian goes to the radio, crouches,
text: turns it on, fidgets with the dial till he finds a station
text: playing Indian music, a woman singing in a high nasal voice.
text: Satisfied, he resumes his post, staring at Steve.
text: Steve stands, goes to the radio, crouches, turns the dial to
text: Greek taverna music. The Palestinian returns, crouches
text: besides Steve, turns the dial back to the Indian station,
text: then, looking up at Steve for an instant, continues to move
text: the dial till he finds an English-language station, stopping
text: when he hears the opening notes of The Staple Singers’ “I
text: know a place.” With a terse nod of agreement, Steve gets up,
text: goes to the mattress, sits, and the Palestinian goes back to
dialog: his post.
text: Avner and Ali are talking while the radio plays behind them.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Eventually the Arab states will
dialog: rise against Israel -- they don't
dialog: like Palestinians, but they hate
dialog: the Jews more. It won‘t be like
dialog: 1967, the rest of the world will
dialog: see by then what the Israelis do to
dialog: us, and they won’t help when Egypt
dialog: and Syria attack. Even Jordan.
dialog: Israel will cease to exist.
text: Avner doesn't respond. They look at each other.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I guess. Only...
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: This is a dream. You can't take
dialog: back a country you never had.
speaker_heading: ALT
dialog: You sound like a Jew.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: (smiling: )
dialog: Fuck you. I'm the voice inside
dialog: your head, telling you what you
dialog: know is true. Your people have
dialog: nothing to bargain with. You'll
dialog: never get the land back. You'll
dialog: all die, old men in refugee camps,
dialog: waiting for “Palestine.”
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (a shrug, easy:)
dialog: We have a lot of children, they'll
dialog: have children, so we can wait
dialog: forever, and, and... if we need to,
dialog: we can make the whole planet unsafe
dialog: for Jews.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You kill Jews, and the world feels
dialog: bad for them, and thinks you're
dialog: animals.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Yeah, but then the world will see
dialog: how they've made us into animals.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: ALI (cont'd)
dialog: They'll start to ask questions
dialog: about the conditions in our cages.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You're Arabs. There are lots of
dialog: places for Arabs.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You’re a Jew sympathizer. All you
dialog: Germans are soft on Israel, you
dialog: give us money but you feel guilty
dialog: about Hitler, and the Jews exploit
dialog: your guilt. My father didn't gas
dialog: any Jews.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Tell me something, Ali.
speaker_heading: ALT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You really miss your father's olive
dialog: trees? The crappy’ village he came
dialog: from? You honestly think you have
dialog: to get back all that... nothing,
dialog: chalky soil and stone huts? That's
dialog: what you want for your kids?
text: Ali looks into Avner's eyes.
speaker_heading: ALT
dialog: It is. It absolutely is. It'll
dialog: take a hundred years, but we'll
dialog: win. How long did it take the Jews
dialog: to get their own country? How long
dialog: did it take the Germans to make
dialog: Germany?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: And look how well that worked cut.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You don't know what it is not to
dialog: have a home. That’s why you
dialog: European reds don‘t get it. You say
dialog: it‘s nothing, but you have a home
dialog: to come back to.
dialog: ETA, ANC, IRA, PLO -- we all
dialog: pretend we care about your
dialog: “International revolution.“ But we
dialog: don’t care. We want to be nations.
dialog: Home is everything.
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
speaker_heading: i61
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 153
speaker_heading: OMITTED 160
scene_heading: INT. THE HOTEL ARISTIDES, CORRIDOR OUTSIDE - DAY 161
text: Hans and Robert, carrying a suitcase, watch a porter uniock
text: the door to a room. Robert, then Hans step inside. The
text: porter tries to follow them in. Hans blocks the doorway.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: {to Porter:)
dialog: You go downstairs.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: No, I watch.
text: Hans hands him a few more bills. The porter smilingly
text: accepts the money, but still he tries to see into the room.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: You only take money in closet and
dialog: papers, yes?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Yes.
text: Robert pushes past Hans, leaving the room.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWN THE STREET FROM THE HOTEL ARISTIDES — NIGHT 162
text: Two cars pulls up, about a hundred yards down the street from
text: the hotel. Steve gets out of one of them. He looks both
text: ways. The street is empty. He takes out a pistol with a
text: silencer and shoots out the street light nearest the car.
text: Steve gets back into the car, driver's side, Hans in the
text: passenger seat, Carl in the back with the duffel bag.
dialog: They wait.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SECOND CAR OUTSIDE THE HOTEL ARISTIDES - LATE NIGHE
text: Robert and Avner are inside, Avner at the wheel. They're
text: waiting. They're not speaking.
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CAR OUTSIDE THE HOTEL ARISTIDES - NIGHT 164
text: Hans sees a black Mercedes coming down the street.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Look.
text: The black Mercedes arrives at the hotel. Two Russians in
text: suits get out.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: The Russians arrive in their
dialog: pumpkin coach, and...
text: A Palestinian man, Zaid Muchassi, comes out of the black
dialog: Mercedes.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Cinderella.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND CAR OUTSIDE THE HOTEL ARISTIDES - LATE NIGHT 165
text: Avner and Robert watch, slouched down, as Ali and another
text: Palestinian from the safe house get out of the black
text: Mercedes. Muchassi enters the hotel with the other
text: Palestinians. The Russians stay outside.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Do we detonate if the other Arabs
dialog: go into the room with him?
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CAR OUTSIDE THE HOTEL ARISTIDES - NIGHT 166
text: Hans, Carl and Steve are watching the Russians.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What are they doing?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Wait for the signal.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why are the Russians waiting? Why
dialog: don't they leave?
speaker_heading: HANS
text: They're waiting. We're waiting.
dialog: Stay calm.
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I'm calm. Tell the goddam Russians
dialog: to leave.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND CAR OUTSIDE THE HOTEL ARISTIDES - LATE NIGHT 167
text: Avner and Robert watch the Russians, lounging near the car,
text: chatting and smoking. The wait is agonizing.
text: Finally a porter comes out the front door of the hotel. He
text: lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: AVNER
text: He's in his room.
dialog: Do it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Is he alone? How do we know he ~-
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: DO IT! pO IT! FLIP THE SWITCH!
text: Robert flicks the switch. Nothing. Robert flicks the switch
text: rapidly back and forth.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Shit. Stupid shit piece of ~-
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: What?! What?! Oh fuck not again,
dialog: not --~
scene_heading: INT. STEVE, HANS AND CARL'S CAR ~ LATE NIGHT 168
text: They're waiting for the blast.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Where‘s the explosion, it should
dialog: have exploded by now, what's -~
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Another malfunction. Did the --
dialog: Maybe it’s delayed, or, or --
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: He screwed up again. What do we
dialog: do?
text: Hans reaches over to the back seat, grabs the duffel bag.
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: i7k
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Careful with that stuff! What are
dialog: you --
text: Hans gets out of the car with the duffel bag. He walks
text: briskly but calmly towards the hotel.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER AND ROBERT'S CAR - LATE NIGHT 169
text: Robert is pressing the remote. Avner grabs it from him and
text: tries flicking the switch himself.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: It has to work, it has to, what’s
dialog: the matter with it, can’t you make
dialog: it -
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: We’ll have to go back and retrieve
dialog: the explosives, I’m sorry, I, I
dialog: don’t --
text: Robert spots Hans heading across the street towards the
dialog: hotel. .
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What's he doing?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Wait here.
text: Avner gets out of the car, crosses the street, and...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE HOTEL ARISTIDES - LATE NIGHT 170
text: «+. moves towards the hotel.
text: Hans, nodding to the KGB men, goes in to the hotel. The
text: porter sees Hans and, surprised, goes in after him.
text: Avner is nearing the front door, but he stops when he sees
text: Ali and the other Palestinian emerge from inside. Avner
text: ducks into a doorway so that Ali doesn't see him. The
text: Palestinians confer with the KGB agents. Avner doesn't know
dialog: what to do next.
scene_heading: INT. THE STAIRWAY OF THE HOTEL ARISTIDES - LATE NIGHT 172
text: Hans is rushing up the stairs, the porter in pursuit.
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Hey! Hey mister! What are you
dialog: doing? What are you doing in here?
text: Hans, as he goes up the stairs, hangs the duffel bag on his
text: left arm, unzips it and takes out a grenade, transfers the
text: grenade to his left hand, and with his right hand takes out
text: his gun.
text: The porter, right behind him, freezes when he sees the
dialog: grenade.
text: They're both panting with exertion.
scene_heading: INT. THE HALLWAY OUTSIDE MUCHASSI'S ROOM, HOTEL ARISTIDES 172
speaker_heading: LATE NIGHT
text: Hans, breathing heavily, stops outside Muchassi's door. the
text: porter arrives behind him, keeping his distance.
text: Hans, grenade in his left hand, gun in his right, shoots the
text: lock and kicks the door open. Then, clumsily, he pulls the
text: grenade pin with his right hand, in which he still holds a
text: gun. He tosses. the grenade into the room, past Muchassi, who
text: is scrambling to pull his gun from his coat. When Muchassi
text: sees the grenade he forgets about the gun and rushes towards
text: the door. Hans swings the duffel bag with his left arm,
text: clouting Muchassi in the face, knocking him back into the
text: room. Hans throws the bag into the room, pulls the door
text: shut, then, dropping his gun, he hangs on with both hands to
text: the knob as Muchassi, inside, tries frantically to pull the
text: door open, yelling in Arabic.
text: There is a flash and the door tears off its hinges, blowing
text: into Hans, pushing him with a THUD into the hallway wall
text: opposite. Smoke rolls out of the open door. Hans throws the
text: door off and staggers past the porter, who is pressed against
text: a wall, terrified. Hans gropes in the wreckage for his gun,
text: finds it, and stumbles down the stairs. A second, much
text: larger explosion: the other bombs in the room detonate. Hans
text: and the porter fall. Hans gets up and runs down the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE HOTEL ARISTIDES - LATE NIGHT 173
text: The KGB agents and the two Palestinians look up as the glass
text: in Muchassi's room's windows blow out, Little balls of
text: phosporus sailing outward into the night air.
text: Ali and the other Palestinian, guns drawn, start back into
text: the hotel,just as Hans is running out. Hans fires his gun at
text: the black Mercedes’s window, shattering it, forcing the
text: Palestinians and the Russians to dive for cover.
dialog: 174
dialog: 1038.
text: The porter appears at the door of the hotel, shouting.
speaker_heading: PORTER (GREEK)
text: BOMB! BOMB! THIS MAN THREW A BOMB
text: INTO THE ROOM! HE KILLED THIS MAN!
scene_heading: POLICE! KILLERS!
text: He runs after Hans, who is running across the street towards
text: his car. One of the Russians takes aim at Hans. Avner, from
text: the doorway, shoots the KGB agent in the back; he falls,
text: screaming.
text: Hans and the porter duck in the middle of the street. Hans
text: grabs the porter by his collar and drags him towards his car.
text: Back at the black Mercedes, Ali turns in the direction of the
text: shot. He sees Avner. Ali fires, misses, forcing Avner to run
text: to another doorway. Then Ali falls, hit by a bullet fired by
text: Carl, who is standing across the street. Robert, standing
text: next to Carl, also fires. Ignoring the bullets, the
text: Palestinian in his 30s heads for Ali in the street.
text: Hans has reached the car. He shoves the porter in the back
text: seat and dives in after him. Steve reverses the car and
text: lurches into the street. Robert and Carl run, crouching, and
text: scramble in to Steve's car, Robert in the back, Carl up
text: front, as the other KGB agent starts firing. Bullets strike
text: the car. The car door is open for Avner.
text: The Palestinian in his 30s is bending over Ali. He props Ali
text: up, trying to see how badly he’s hurt. Ali searches the
text: doorways across the street till he finds Avner. They make
text: eye contact for a moment just before the car screeches up,
text: blocking the two men from one another’s sight. The car
text: drives off; the doorway is empty.
text: As the car drives away, the other two Palestinians run to
dialog: Ali.
scene_heading: INT. THE FIRST CAR - LATE NIGHT 174
text: The car is tearing through the city. Robert and Hans try
text: unsuccessfully to subdue the cursing, struggling porter.
text: Steve, driving, holds up his .22 and fires a shot through the
text: roof of the car. The porter stops struggling, but he’s
text: erying and cursing Hans.
speaker_heading: PORTER (GREEK) HANS
dialog: You lied to me and you (to Robert: }
dialog: tricked me, you're going to This is thanks to you, are
dialog: hell, you murderer, you you incapable of making
dialog: bloody monster! something that works?
dialog: 175
speaker_heading: PORTER (GREEK)
text: He opened the door of the
text: room, shot of the lock and
text: just threw a bomb right at
dialog: that poor man! Oh my God, oh
dialog: my God, that poor man, he
dialog: tried to escape, you wouldn't
dialog: let him he held the door and
dialog: purned that poor man to
dialog: death. Oh my God, ch my
dialog: God...
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: (over the porter, to
dialog: Hans: )
dialog: You don’t need Greek to know
dialog: what he’s saying, do you?
dialog: Just shut this crazy asshole
dialog: up? Did we kill that, that
dialog: Arab guy, and the KGB, did we
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: {to Robert) |
dialog: Where did you gét your
dialog: training?!
dialog: Every fucking bomb, every one
dialog: has gone wrong, it's lucky
dialog: you haven't blown yourself to
dialog: kingdom come!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
speaker_heading: HANS *
dialog: (to the Porter:) *
dialog: Quiet! Be quiet! Shut up! *
dialog: Does anyone speak Greek? *
dialog: What's he saying? *
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Did we kill a Russian?
dialog: That's -- Oh God, did we kill
dialog: @-- that's not good, that’s -
speaker_heading: CARL *
dialog: {over Steve: }
dialog: Did you get the detonator!?
dialog: We left the car, we didn't
dialog: check for prints and we ~-
dialog: It isn't my fault if... I wasn't
dialog: trained to do this!
speaker_heading: I WAS TRAINED
text: TO DISMANTLE BOMBS NOT TO BUILD
speaker_heading: THEM!
text: The yelling stops. Hans stares at Robert,
text: The porter is now moaning to
text: through the rear-view mirror.
text: himself, softly.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Holy shit.
dialog: as does Steve
scene_heading: EXT. IN A WAREHOUSE/MANUFACTURING DISTRICT ON THE CUTSKIRGS5
scene_heading: OF ATHENS ~ NEARLY DAWN
text: Avner and Hans are eitting on the hood of the getaway car,
text: Steve is pacing and Cari is inspecting the car's interior,
text: Making sure no evidence is left. Robert is sithing on a
text: cinderblock.
text: fhe porter, sunk in deep dejection, is still
text: sitting in the back of the car. A new car is parked nearby.
dialog: lil.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Shin Beit wanted bomb dismantiers,
dialog: they pulled me from the army, a
dialog: toymaker, they figured I’m good
text: with small machines.
dialog: After Munich, they asked if I could
dialog: build bombs instead.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Give me some money.
text: Everyone hands him bills, till he has a large pile. He goes
text: to the porter and offers him the stack of bills.
speaker_heading: HANS (CONT'D)
dialog: Here.
text: Hans flings the money in the porter's lap. The porter spits
text: in disgust and throws it back at Hans.
text: The team gets in the third car and drives away.
text: The porter watches them drive away. He looks at the money on
text: the pavement, spits on it again, and walks away, leaving it
text: to blow down the street.
speaker_heading: 176~186 OMIT 176-186
dialog: 187
scene_heading: INT. A SMALL COFFEE HOUSE IN PARIS ~ AFTERNOON 187
text: Avner and Louis in a dim, mostly empty coffee house.
text: Political posters on the wall protesting the war in Vietnam,
text: the Algerian conflict, an ugly caricature of Nixon and
text: DeGaulle. Louis is rather ostentatiously counting American
text: money from an envelope Avner’s handed him; this makes Avner
text: nervous. small black-and-white television is playing on the
dialog: bar, volume low.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Salameh is in London.
text: He goes there periodically to meet
dialog: with his CIA contact --
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: His what?!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Salameh works for the CIA.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Bulishit.
dialog: 188
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Salameh guarantees that Black
dialog: September won’t touch American
dialog: diplomats, In exchange the CIA
dialog: gives him lots of money. They
dialog: don’t ask what he uses it for.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Did he tell them about Munich? In
dialog: advance? Did the CIA know about
dialog: Munich?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The CIA didn't even know Black
dialog: September existed before Munich!
dialog: Since then he’s been busy, hasn’t
dialog: he?
text: Louis nods towards the TV.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: All manner of costly exercises.
speaker_heading: cuT TO TV
speaker_heading: SCREEN:
text: Footage of the Athens airport shooting: the shattered airport
text: lounge, bodies on the ground, people wandering, dazed and
text: bleeding; seriously injured people in hospital beds.
speaker_heading: LOUTS
dialog: Shooting tourists in the Athens
text: airport. Blowing up pharmacies in
dialog: Amsterdam. And that Mossad agent
dialog: in Barcelona before that. Europe
dialog: hasn’t been this interesting since
dialog: Napoleon marched to Moscow!
text: Louis starts to count the money again.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Do you have to do that?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Salameh is in London.
dialog: For the usual price.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 188
scene_heading: INT. HANS'S ROOM IN A SAFE HOUSE, LONDON - NIGHT 189
text: Hans is bent over a desk, working fastidiously with razors,
text: glue, a small iron, colored inks and stamps he retrieves from
text: an open salesman’s sample case, altering passports and visas.
text: Robert sits near him, watching him work with interest. Carl
text: and Steve are sitting. Avner is cleaning, checking and
text: loading guns, a gun cleaning kit at hand, silent and removed
text: from the others, brooding. Everyone’s frayed, exhausted.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: We followed him today from his
dialog: doctor to his hotel.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: He’s here for eye treatments.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Salameh. You saw him? You followed
dialog: him!?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Salameh?
speaker_heading: CARL
text: Wearing sunglasses in the rain.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why didn’t you shoot him?!
speaker_heading: AVNER
text: He had bodyguards. Civilians.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Were they armed? Then they’re not
dialog: civilians. I'd have done it! If
dialog: you'd ever give me have a chance to
dialog: to actually shoot someone, I'm the
dialog: only one who actually wants to
dialog: shoot these guys!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You can take my place the next time
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Maybe that’s why we never let you
dialog: do it. Your enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: (overlapping above:)
dialog: Only our target gets hurt.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Since when?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yeah, why start worrying now?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Doe you have any idea how many laws
dialog: we've broken?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Well, I forge the documents that
dialog: get you in and over and across and
dialog: around those laws so I have some
dialog: idea, yes.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Do you know how many treaties we've
dialog: violated?
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: And still I manage to get a night’s
dialog: sleep, every night. It’s time to
dialog: stop your hand-wringing, it’s
dialog: counter-productive.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why don’t you make a list of every
dialog: single law, Carl, or, or...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (overlapping above:)
dialog: Including, incidentally, the laws
dialog: of the State of Israel, which has
dialog: no death penalty.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: E’11 tell you what your problem is,
dialog: habibi:
dialog: These guys we're killing are
text: dressed in expensive suits, this is
dialog: London and not some ugly Arab
dialog: village, and that disorients you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I'm not disoriented, I'm keeping my
dialog: sanity by occasionally reminding
dialog: myself that in spite of the work I
dialog: do...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I‘m going to vote that we adjourn
dialog: our little minyan for the evening.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (Overlapping above:)
dialog: But it’s the same old war we're
dialog: fighting, over the same old scrap
dialog: of desert.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (overlapping above: )
dialog: -- remembering I’m still at least
dialog: in principle a human being -~
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Remembering that you're human is
dialog: one thing, broadcasting it so
text: relentlessly is something else.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: {to Avner:)
dialog: Are you going to call a hait to
dialog: this? I’d recommend it.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (overlapping above: )
dialog: A thing which I've noticed some
text: people surrender all too willingly.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Let's find a pub. Who besides me
dialog: needs a drink?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: We’ve brought our war to Kensington
dialog: and, and Copenhagen and it’s not
dialog: like these European anti-Semites
dialog: don’t deserve that!
dialog: Until we learn to act like them
dialog: we'll never defeat them.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: We act like them, all the time. You
dialog: think they invented bloodshed? How
dialog: do you think we got control of the
dialog: land? By being nice?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I think we have a double-agent in
text: our midst. Pull down his pants,
text: see if he's circumcised.
dialog: 116.
text: Carl suddenly goes for Steve. They knock into Hans’s table,
text: upsetting and ruining his work, spilling ink. Hans yells and
text: scrambles on all fours to rescue his documents while Avner
text: and Robert get in between Steve and Carl, who keep struggling
dialog: to get at one another.
speaker_heading: AVNER ROBERT
dialog: Stop it! Goddamn it, stop Please, please, calm down,
dialog: it! Both of you! calm down. Everyone's
dialog: just... Just tired and --
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: {over the above, to
dialog: himself:)
dialog: Nonsense, nonsense, infantile
text: undisciplined distraction and
dialog: nonsense.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (to Steve,over above)
dialog: My son died in '67, you foulmouthed
dialog: sonofabitch! Everything you can ask
dialog: I've done for Israel.
speaker_heading: HANS.
dialog: (to Carl:)
dialog: Get a grip on yourself! Ask for a
dialog: reassignment if this is so
dialog: distasteful!
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (to Hans:)
dialog: isn’t it distasteful for you?!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No. And know what? The only blood
dialog: that matters to me is Jewish blood.
dialog: What‘’s your problem?
dialog: (to Avner: )
dialog: Nice job leading, by the way.
text: Steve leaves the room, slamming the door as he leaves.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: We'll kill the bodyguards if
text: they're armed.
speaker_heading: CARL
text: They're armed.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Then we'll kill them.
dialog: 130
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN LONDON - NIGHT - RAIN
dialog: 190
text: CLOSE UP of Salameh and his bodyguards, walking in the rain.
text: Salamenh and his bodyguards are talking:
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD ONE (IN ARABIC: )
dialog: You could tell, she was hot for
dialog: you, boss.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD TWO (IN ARABIC: )
dialog: It's this thing about British
dialog: giris. They were all over us.
speaker_heading: SALAMEH (IN ARABIC: }
dialog: Sami, you think every girl I meet
dialog: is hot for me.
scene_heading: BODYGUARD THREE (IN ARABIC: )
dialog: Maybe Sami‘s hot for you.
scene_heading: BODYGUARD ONE (IN ARABIC: }
dialog: You know how you can tell? With
dialog: girls? They swallow, and they
dialog: widen their nostrils... When they're
dialog: turned on. Really. Watch for it.
scene_heading: BODYGUARD THREE (IN ARABIC: }
dialog: Maybe you should call that guy, the
dialog: one who invited us, maybe he has
dialog: her number, you know, you could
dialog: call her and say... You know -~
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD TWO (IN ARABIC: )
dialog: Say "Hi, is it true all British
dialog: girls want to fuck Arab men?”
speaker_heading: SALAMEH (IN ARABIC:)
dialog: Stop trying to marry me off, I'm
dialog: not ready.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD ONE (IN ARABIC: )
dialog: Who‘s talking about marrying?
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD TWO (IN ARABIC:)
dialog: It’s true, they all think it's cool
dialog: to fuck an Arab. British girls.
scene_heading: BODYGUARD THREE (IN ARABIC: )
dialog: Then how come none of them wants to
dialog: fuck you?
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD ONE (IN ARABIC:)
dialog: Damn! Damn! She was hot! And I am
dialog: lonely!
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD TWO (IN ARABIC:)
dialog: And they're all super-experienced,
dialog: English women, they start young,
dialog: they know how to do stuff, stuff
dialog: the girls back home would kill you
dialog: if you asked them.
text: Avner starts to follow them across the street, Hans trailing
text: behind. Steve crosses the street and follows them-
text: Keeping eye contact across the street, Steve and Avner follow
text: the group of men as they turn a corner. Avner looks back and
text: nods to Hans, then starts to walk, very quickly, to move
text: ahead of the men, while Hans crosses the street to Steve.
text: Avner has moved ahead of the group of men. He crosses the
text: street, walking ahead of the Arabs, Steve and Hans behind
dialog: them.
text: Suddenly a big American man in a raincoat, appears next to
text: Avner and punches him, hard, in the shoulder. Avner staggers
text: to one side, almost falling. The American has both fists up,
text: grinning idioticaily, drunk.
speaker_heading: DRUNK AMERICAN MAN
dialog: Come on get up Roger Burke you ugly
dialog: sumbitch! What the fuck are you —-
text: Avner tries to ignore this man and keep walking, but the
text: American starts sparring with him, jabbing.
speaker_heading: DRUNK AMERICAN MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Put em up you fat wet pussy, let's
dialog: show these Limey fucks what a -~
text: Avner tries to shove the American away as the three Arab men
text: push past them and walk on ahead, Steve and Hans behind them.
text: Two more Americans appear, one of whom is drunk, the other
text: apparently not, blocking the sidewalk, separating Hans and
text: Steve from the Arabs. The first drunk American keeps trying
text: to spar with Avner.
scene_heading: DRUNK AMERICAN MAN (CONT'D) SECOND DRUNK AMERICAN
dialog: Hey, look who it is, it's Waitaminnit waitaminnit
dialog: fuckin Roger Burke! Get up, that’s... who the fuck is
dialog: Roger, you fuckin jerk! this, Orrin, who‘d you think
dialog: this is.
dialog: hoe Ok ob Oe
dialog: 119.
text: Hans has managed to slip past the drunks and race ahead after
dialog: the Arabs.
scene_heading: AVNER THIRD AMERICAN *
dialog: {trying to get past Lay off it you asshole, *
dialog: them) that’s not Roger Burke. *
dialog: Get out of my --
text: The third American stops Avner from leaving.
speaker_heading: THIRD AMERICAN
dialog: Sorry about my friend, he’s a
dialog: fucked up belligerent guy with a
dialog: serious drinking problem.
text: The first drunk American spins Avner around and this time
text: lands a hard punch to Avner’s jaw. Avner falls.
scene_heading: DRUNK AMERICAN MAN SECOND DRUNK AMERICAN
dialog: Aw, shit Roger I didn't -~ Awww, you moron, they're *
dialog: whyn't you duck? gonna call the cops or *
dialog: whatever the fuck they call *
dialog: em here. *
text: Steve grabs the first American and shoves him aside, against
text: the nearest wall. The second drunk American throws himself
text: on Steve, who tries to shake him off.
scene_heading: SECOND DRUNK AMERICAN MAN STEVE *
dialog: (calling to the third (trying to shake the guy *
dialog: American: ) off:) *
dialog: Get ‘im, get im you fag, he GET. THE. FUCK. OFF. ME. *
dialog: hit Orrin, hit him, what‘’re *
dialog: *
dialog: you waiting for?
text: The second American is laughing idiotically as Steve throws
text: him off. Steve is ready to slug the third American when Hans
dialog: returns.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Forget it! Forget it! They, they
dialog: had a car. They're gone.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Shit!
dialog: {to the Americans: )}
dialog: Step back AWAY from us you --
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Just, Just, come on, come on, let's
dialog: 191
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: SECOND DRUNK AMERICAN
dialog: Look, man, we're sorry, my friend
dialog: thought you were --
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: It's OK, forget it we...
text: Avner, Hans and Steve walk away. Steve turns back and shouts
dialog: at the Americans:
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Goddamned asshole drunk Americans!
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: We should have used Louis's men to
dialog: help us, we... We're slipping. I
dialog: can't, I can't believe we let him,
dialog: we let him get --
speaker_heading: AVNER STEVE
dialog: Was it him, did you see if it It was Salameh! Of course it
dialog: was Salameh? was him! God DAMN!
text: Avner turns around again, suddenly.
text: About 50 feet behind them, the drunk Americans are getting
text: inte a car. They no longer seem drunk. The first American
text: smiles at Avner, winks and flips him the bird, then caimly
text: gets in and the car speeds away, past Avner Steve and Hans.
scene_heading: INT. THE BAR OF THE HOTEL EUROPA, LONDON - NIGHT 191
text: Avner is sitting in at the bar, nursing a scotch neat, eying
text: an attractive woman at the other end of the bar, drinking
text: alone. She looks up, he looks away, and soon there's a game
text: going on. He moves to a stool next to her.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Can I... ?
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: (a London accent:)
dialog: I have to go to bed soon. I work
text: in the morning.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: What kind of work?
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: The kind that drives you to drink.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: We must have the same job then.
dialog: igi.
speaker_heading: e@ THE WOMAN
dialog: tT leve your accent.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: EF like your perfume.
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
text: Cuts right through the smoke, does
dialog: Lt?
text: She takes his hand, turns his wrist upside down, and lightly
text: rubs the underside of her wrist, where women put perfume, on
text: his. Avner sniffs his wrist, leoking at her.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: it‘s very nice.
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: Look, I don’t want to be forward,
dialog: but... It's late and I do have to
dialog: get up early, so...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Sos.
speaker_heading: eS THE WOMAN
dialog: So you're very nice and are you
dialog: really going to make me ask?
text: Avner seriously considers it.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: a Taos Just... can’t.
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: Pity.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You're very attractive.
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: I knew.
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: If you come to your senses, once
dialog: you get up to your lonely room,
dialog: well, maybe I'll be here. or maybe
dialog: I'll be home in bed, alone.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Sorry.
text: He gets up and, dropping money for the drinks on the bar,
text: eo leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOBBY OF THE HOTEL EUROPA - NIGHT ig2
text: Avner is going to the lift when he runs into carl, just
text: coming in from a drizzly night. Carl shakes his head “no”
text: when he sees Avner.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: The drunk Americans. You think they
dialog: were CIA?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: They could have been. For all we
dialog: know, Louis's CIA. They work both
dialog: sides. Everyone does. Or Louis is
dialog: Mossad. Maybe he isn’t but they're
dialog: using him to feed us information,
dialog: with no direct link. Or Mossad is
dialog: giving it to the CIA which is
dialog: giving it to Louis. And Ephraim's
dialog: demanding we give him Louis because
dialog: he knows we expect him to do that.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Stop chasing mice around the inside
dialog: of your skull.
text: Carl considers Avner for a moment, then smiles.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I never thought you’d last.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I thought the same about you. From
dialog: the start you've seemed...
dialog: reluctant.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I was born reluctant. Ask my
dialog: mother. You aver feel reluctant,
dialog: Avner?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: i‘m... not comfortable with
dialog: confusion.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I knew guys like you in the army.
dialog: You’li do any terrifying thing
dialog: you're asked to do, but you have to
dialog: do it running.
text: Avner smiles.
speaker_heading: 192A
dialog: 193
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: You think you can outrun doubts,
dialog: fear. The only thing that really
dialog: scares you guys is stillness.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: And fatigue.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I envy your stamina. But...
text: everyone’s overtaken, eventually.
dialog: The mice need a brandy. Will I
dialog: meet you in the bar?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: No, I’m on my way up to...
dialog: You'll be alright drinking solo?
speaker_heading: CARL
text: dust a shot to numb the brain.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Beware the local honey trap.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Indeed?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You can't miss her. You don't
dialog: really want to.
text: Avner starts towards the lift, then turns to say something to
text: Carl. But Carl's already gone in the bar.
speaker_heading: OMIT 192A
scene_heading: INT. AVNER'S ROOM IN THE HOTEL EUROPA, LONDON - NIGHT 193
text: Avner is on the phone.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I'd like to make a collect call to
dialog: Brooklyn New York, in the US. 212-
text: 625-6570. It‘s Avner.
text: The phone rings several times. Daphna answers.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: (V.0., very softly:)}
dialog: Hello...
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: This is a trunk call from Mr.
dialog: Storsch, do you accept the charges?
text: In the background, in Brooklyn, Avner hears the sound of a
text: baby crying. He winces.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA (V.0.)
dialog: Oh shit, Avner, you woke up the --
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Sorry, sorry.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Do you accept the -
speaker_heading: DAPHNA (V.0.)
dialog: Yes, yes.
dialog: It took me hours to get her --
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Sorry, sorry...
text: There's muffled talking in the background, Charlie barking,
text: Daphna bringing Geula from her crib to the phone. Avner
text: listens intently.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: DAPHNA (V.0.)
text: (still soft, trying to get
dialog: Geula to sleep:)
dialog: I miss you too.
dialog: You're in England? Or Australia?
dialog: Or... ?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: I‘m thinking, after I do this one
dialog: thing I have to do, I can come to
dialog: see you.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA (V.0.)
dialog: Brooklyn is depressing, it’s got
dialog: more churches than Jerusalem.
text: Avner hears the sounds of Geula, gurgling, noise-making.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA (CONT'D) (V.0.)
dialog: Listen to her talk.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: (softly: )
dialog: I don't... Geula are you...?
dialog: Hey. Hey Geula. Are you there?
dialog: This is your daddy. I'm your papa.
dialog: I’m...
text: (He starts to cry. He
text: pinches his arm brutally
dialog: to stop the tears:)
dialog: Remember my voice, baby. Daddy
dialog: loves you. Daddy misses you. This
dialog: is what I sound like. OK.
dialog: Remember my voice.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA (V.0.)
dialog: She fell asleep. She'll dream about
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER'S ROOM IN THE HOTEL EUROPA ~ NIGHT 194
text: Avner is on the bed, not asleep.
scene_heading: INT. THE UNDERGROUND PARKING GARAGE AT 31 CONNOLLYSTRASSE 95
speaker_heading: MUNICH - NIGHT (NEP STADIUM)
text: From a distance, police and soldiers and government officials
text: watch as the athletes, blindfolded and bound to one another,
text: facing out in a ragged circle, shuffle-step towards a dark
text: green bus; they encircle the armed fedayeen, who are using
dialog: them as human shields.
text: The group awkwardly boards the bus, the fedayeen mixing in
text: with the hostages and hastening them on board,
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You're doing beautifully, really
dialog: beautifully, just keep moving and
dialog: don’t stop.
speaker_heading: SALAH
dialog: You‘re fine, this is all good,
dialog: everyone is doing what they should
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: BADRAN
dialog: Are they ~- those people, are they
dialog: photographing us? IS that allowed?
speaker_heading: AN ATHLETE
dialog: Are we going to -- is it the
dialog: airport? Can we talk to someone,
dialog: just -~
dialog: 196
speaker_heading: i197
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Shut up, OK? We'll just get on the
dialog: bus, OK?
speaker_heading: AN ATHLETE
dialog: Just to tell our families, just to
dialog: say we're alright.
speaker_heading: ABU HALAH
dialog: It'll be over soon. We get on the
dialog: bus and we fly away and you go back
dialog: to the Games or home. You go home.
speaker_heading: AN ATHLETE
dialog: To Israel? We’ll go back to
dialog: Israel, right? I believe you, I
dialog: believe what you’re saying.
speaker_heading: ABU HALAH
dialog: It’s the truth. I’m telling you
dialog: the truth.
text: Issa looks down towards the reporters and cameras.
speaker_heading: 1 o ISSA
dialog: (to Tony:)
text: Take off their blindfolds.
text: Tony nods, then nods to the other fedayeen, who quickly
text: remove the athletes’ blindfolds.
scene_heading: INT. ON BOARD THE BUS, MUNICH - NIGHT (NEP STADIUM) _ 196
text: The athletes are sitting, bound but not blindfolded, looking
text: out the widows of the bus. The fedayeen crouch in the aisle
text: of the bus, guns at the ready.
scene_heading: EXT. A FIELD OUTSIDE MUNICH OLYMPIC VILLAGE - NIGHT (TOKOI97
speaker_heading: AIRFIELD)
text: The Israeli athletes, still bound, their blindfolds now off,
text: are being herded with panicked speed by the masked fedayeen
text: from the dark green bus onto two helicopters. The
text: helicopters’ blades are already rotating rapidly. The bus
text: and copters, captives and captors are ringed by dozens of
text: police cars, sirens blazing, and German soldiers and
text: policemen, all armed, all standing silently watching.
speaker_heading: 197A
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE HELICOPTER ~ NIGHT (TOKOL AIRFIELD} 197A
text: Yaakov Springer stumbles, and he falls against Abu-Halah, who
text: clumsily grabs to keep the athlete from falling. They both
text: fall in an embrace. Abu-Halah disentangles himself while his
text: comrades shout at him. Abu-Halah, as he starts to stand,
text: is laughing nervously; his laughter turns to terrified
text: sobbing. The captives and the captors watch him losing it.
text: Tony and Paulo step in, shove him aside, reach down and with
text: angry, frightened viclence haul Springer to his feet.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 198
scene_heading: INT. AVNER’S ROOM IN THE HOTEL EUROPA - NIGHT i99
text: Avner sits up in bed with great violence. He's having a panic
text: attack, breathing hard, sweating.
scene_heading: INT. THE BAR IN THE HOTEL EUROPA - NIGHT 200
text: Half an hour later. Avner comes into the bar, looking for
text: Cari. Carl’s not there, and neither is the woman.
scene_heading: INT. THE LIFT IN THE HOTEL EUROPA - NIGHT 201
text: Avner smells something in the air. He raises his wrist to
text: his nose and sniffs it. Matching scents.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Wow. Carl...
scene_heading: INT. AN UPPER FLOOR HALLWAY IN THE HOTEL EUROPA -— NIGHT 202
text: Avner’s on the way to his room. He has his key out. He
text: passes Carl's room. He pauses in front of it. He sniffs the
text: perfume again. He carefully puts his ear to the door. He
text: listens. He grins, half amused, half jealous.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I saw her first, you asshole.
text: Avner turns to leave and then notices that the door is almost
text: imperceptibly ajar. Avner listens, hesitates.
text: He knocks softly and waits. He knocks again.
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: i128.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Carl?
text: He pushes the door open, slowly. Carl is lying face down,
text: naked, on the bed.
text: Avner looks both ways down the hallway, draws his gun, and
text: steps into the room, shutting the door.
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S ROOM, THE HOTEL EUROPA - LATE NIGHT 203
text: Avner, gun ready, surveys the room, checks out the bathroom,
text: goes to the bed.
text: Carl's head is resting face down on the pillow, which is
text: turning black with blood. At the base of Carl's skull, under
text: the hair, is a small black hole.
text: He turns Carl's head, enough to see that the exit wound in
text: his forehead is large. He gently puts Carl's face back into
dialog: the pillow.
text: He crouches by the bed, doubling over, his face spasming into
text: a scream. A-hiss of air escapes his throat. He's shaking.
scene_heading: INT. A SMALL RESTAURANT, PARIS - NIGHT 204
text: Avner, Robert, Louis and Papa are seated, food in front of
text: them. Only Papa is eating. Robert is drinking.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: You should have had the boeuf a la
dialog: catalane, it's what they do best
dialog: here, they're from the coast.
dialog: (to Louis: )
dialog: You have the parcel?
text: Louis puts a wax paper parcel tied with green twine on the
text: table. Papa pushes it towards Avner.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: Pork sausages with garlic and
dialog: pistachios.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Maybe he doesn‘t eat pork.
text: Papa shuts Louis up with a backhand wave.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: They’re delicious. And a cheese
dialog: from the mountains, it’s made by
dialog: women for St. Agatha’s day, Tetoun
dialog: it's called, our lecal word for
text: “tits” ~~ milky and peppery and
dialog: very good.
dialog: (to Louis:)}
dialog: Show our friend the photographs.
text: Louis hands Avner an envelope. Avner opens the envelope,
text: removes four photos and examines them. He immediately takes
text: one and hands it to Louis.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: That’s her.
text: Louis looks at it, nods.
dialog: They look
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: She's Dutch, not political, she's
text: entirely business-minded.
dialog: She lives in Hoorne, she’s there
dialog: now. This is dependable
dialog: information. OR as
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: For which you pay nothing. We're
dialog: giving you this. You understand
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Because you want me to believe you
dialog: had nothing to do with my partner's
dialog: murder.
text: at each other. Papa watches them.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: We inhabit a world of intersecting
dialog: secrecies. We live and we die at
dialog: the places where those secrecies
dialog: meet. That's what we accept. Yes?
dialog: We buy information for you from
dialog: your enemies. This alerts them.
dialog: You're not the only people looking
dialog: for names.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You're telling me that I'm being
dialog: hunted now.
dialog: 205
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He's telling you it’s time for you
dialog: to quit.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: “The race is not to the swift, nor
dialog: the battle to the strong. But time
dialog: and chance happens to them all.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Iodon‘t.., That's... the Bible?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Ecclesiastes.
dialog: "For a man knows not his time."
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: ",..As the fishes that are taken in
text: an evil net, as the birds that are
text: caught in a snare -”
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: “ -- so are the sons of men snared
dialog: in an evil time...”
text: Louis shows Avner another photograph. It's a grainy
text: surveillance shot of Avner.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: Evil falls suddenly. Who can say
dialog: when it falis?
scene_heading: EXT. THE TRAIN STATION IN PARIS ~ DAY . 205
text: The team is on a platform marked AMSTERDAM. Steve and Hans
text: climb on board. Avner starts to get on. Robert, who has
text: been hanging back, waiting for this, grabs Avner's arm and
text: stops him. Avner looks at Robert, confused. Then he steps
text: back down onto the platform. Robert leoks at Avner, but
text: neither speaks for a moment. Robert reaches out and smooths
text: the lapel on Avner’s coat.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: {softly:}
dialog: You’re going to kill her.
text: Avner nods.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: We've killed nine men. And how
dialog: many others died in Beirut?
dialog: All this blood comes back to us.
dialog: 206
dialog: 132.
text: Silence. Avner looks down the platform, up into the train.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Eventually it will work. Even if
dialog: it takes years. We'll beat them.
text: Robert looks at Avner, terribly sad.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: We're Jews, Avner. Jews don't do
dialog: wrong because our enemies do wrong.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: We can’t afford to be that...
dialog: decent anymore.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I don’t know that we ever were that
text: decent. Suffering thousands of
dialog: years of hatred doesn’t make you
dialog: decent. But we’re supposed to be
dialog: righteous. That’s what I was
dialog: taught, that’s Jewish, that
dialog: beautiful thing. That’s what I
dialog: knew. Absolutely.
dialog: And I think I've lost that. “Avner.
dialog: I've lost that too.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Oh that’s, that's --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That's everything. I‘ve lost
dialog: everything. My, my soul.
text: A brief silence. Avner looks at Robert, who is looking down
text: at the pavement.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Go home and rest, OK?
dialog: You don’t have to de this one.
text: Robert starts to say something, then nods.
scene_heading: EXT. A HOUSEBOAT ON A CANAL IN HOORNE, THE NETHERLANDS - 206
scene_heading: EARLY MORNING
text: A very quiet, misty morning. Avner, Hans and Steve cycle
text: noiselessly down a road running parallel to a canal. They go
text: past a houseboat, checking it out as they pass.
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
text: They stop their bikes, lay them in the grass across the road.
text: They take bicycle pumps clipped to heir bike frames and
text: quietly the road.
scene_heading: INT. IN THE HOUSEBOAT - EARLY MORNING 207
text: Jeanette is having coffee and a cigarette, wearing an old
text: housecoat. Steve enters.
text: Jeanette puts down her cigarette, carefully.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Well, and who are you?
text: Avner enters.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You know why we‘re here?
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: I want to get dressed.
text: She starts to reach in a drawer nearby.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Maybe you want to hire me? You
dialog: know how good I am.
text: They raise their zipguns. She lowers her robe, exposing her
dialog: breasts.
speaker_heading: JEANETTE
dialog: Please don‘t, please don’t, it’s
dialog: such a fucking waste of talent.
dialog: They fire.
text: Hans enters and fires another bullet in her head.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE HOUSEBOAT ~- EARLY MORNING 208
text: In the windows of the houseboat, two flashes, two shots, then
text: one more flash and shot.
scene_heading: INT. IN THE HOUSEBOAT - MORNING 209
text: Jeanette’s body is sprawled in a chair, her housecoat open.
text: Her eyes are open. Blood is leaking from her eyes, ears and
text: mouth. Bullet holes in her chest, stomach, and forehead. A
text: haze of smoke hovers near the ceiling of the room.
dialog: 210
speaker_heading: 210A
speaker_heading: 210B
dialog: 210¢
dialog: 133.
text: Avner, Hans and Steve are perfectiy still. A fat housecat
text: comes out of hiding. It mews. Avner moves to close up the
dialog: housedress.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Leave it.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE HOUSEBOAT -- EARLY MORNING 210
text: Steve, Hans and Avner emerge from the houseboat and, looking
text: around, quickly go to their bikes, mount and cycle away.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 210A
scene_heading: EXT. A FISH STALL AT AN OPEN-AIR FOOD MARKET, FRANKFURT 210B
speaker_heading: EARLY EVENING
text: It's raining, lightly but steadily, and cold. Avner, hollow,
text: fatigued, inadequately dressed and soaking wet from the rain,
text: is mechanically shopping for dinner. He's carrying a two
text: bags full of food, bread, meat, vegetables, waiting for the
text: fishmonger who is standing behind trays of fish on ice,
text: wrapping a huge carp in paper. He's trying to look normal,
text: but his eyes dart this way and that, checking out everyone
text: who comes near him, giving away what's becoming a habitual,
text: unconscious panicked paranoid.
text: As Avner waits, we hear Hans's voice:
speaker_heading: HANS (V.0.)
dialog: In seven months we've killed six of
dialog: the eleven names. We've killed one
dialog: replacement. One of our targets is
dialog: in prison, and four, including Ali
dialog: Hassan Salameh, are at large.
dialog: One of our own has fallen. One has
dialog: been retired.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR THE DUCKPOND IN THE OSTPARK, FRANKFURT -— EARLY 210C
speaker_heading: EVENING
text: Avner 1s walking through the rain, getting heavier, burdened
text: with sodden groceries, taking a shortcut through the park on
text: his way home. He walks fast, glancing about, turning once to
text: look behind, afraid of being followed or attacked. Again,
dialog: Hans’s voice:
speaker_heading: 210D
speaker_heading: 210E
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: HANS (V.0.)
dialog: Since we began: the other side has
dialog: sent letter bombs te eleven
text: embassies, hijacked three planes,
dialog: killed 130 passengers in Athens and
dialog: wounded scores more, and killed our
dialog: military attache in Washington.
text: A man turns on to the path behind Avner and accidentally
text: bumps into him. Avner startles, spins on the man, who jumps
text: back, looking at Avner like he’s nuts, and hurries away.
text: Avner’s barely-suppressed panic breaks loose. Breathing
text: hard, he stops, sags, soaking wet, shivering, trying to
dialog: collect himself.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN OF THE SAFE HOUSE, FRANKFURT - EARLY EVENDWG
text: Avner is scaling, gutting, filleting the carp, working with a
text: strange blind intensity, almost violent, but also with
text: precision, care, skill. The kitchen’s crammed with food, and
text: a mess: a pot of soup, a roast chicken, curried potatoes,
text: pickles, salad, braised vegetables, a pair of berry tarts,
text: and heaps of chopped-up spices, herbs, garni, peelings,
text: flour, eggshells. It looks like he’s cooking for twenty.
speaker_heading: HANS (V.0.)
dialog: Some of this was done by a
dialog: Venezuelan called Carlos the
text: Jackal, who replaced Zaid Muchassi.
dialog: Who replaced Hussein al-Chir. Black
dialog: September‘s original leadership has
text: been decimated. But new leaders are
dialog: emerging for whom Black September
dialog: wasn't violent enough.
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE IN FRANKFURT - EVENING 210E
text: It's pouring rain outside, thunder, lightning. Avner, Steve
text: and Hans are seated at the table. There are two empty places
dialog: -~- Avner's set the table for five -~ and a ridiculous amount
text: of food. Avner and Steve eat. Avner’s downcast and focusing
text: on the food. Hans has a jumbled pile of receipts before him,
text: but he‘s not working on them, nor is he eating. He’s
text: drinking, a near-empty bottle of vodka in front of him.
text: Steve watches them both, feeling alone.
dialog: 135.
dialog: e mans
dialog: And to dispatch our six dispatched
dialog: targets, we must have spent
dialog: something close toe two million
dialog: dollars. Right?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: {te Avner, looking at the
dialog: heaps of food:)
dialog: You, uh, you've been cooking.
text: Avner nods, not looking up, eating.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: (pointing to the empty
dialog: places:)
dialog: Were you expecting company?
text: Avner stands, clears the two empty places,
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Two million dollars. At least.
dialog: Mrs. Meir says to the Knesset that
dialog: the world must see that killing
dialog: Jews will be from now on an
dialog: expensive proposition. But killing
dialog: e Palestinians isn’t exactly cheap.
text: Avner returns to his place, sits, starts to eat again and
text: stops. No one is eating. Hans pours another drink.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: (to Avner:)
dialog: If all eleven were dead, you'd
dialog: stop?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: You're lying. What about their
dialog: replacements? What if each time we
dialog: Kill we create six more?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Then maybe I would have to keep
dialog: killing them.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Forever?
text: Hans finishes off his glass and pours another, Avner starts
dialog: @ te eat again.
speaker_heading: 210F
dialog: 136.
speaker_heading: AVNER
text: Five targets are still alive. Five
dialog: more men to kill.
dialog: Eventually, I suppose, you forget
dialog: you were once someone who really
dialog: hated doing it. Or who cares? What
dialog: I feel, personally, gets less,
dialog: every day. Someday, I'll get up in
dialog: the morning, kill... go to bed at
dialog: night. And I won't feel anything at
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: HANS
dialog: Huh.
text: Hans finishes off the glass and pours another drink. Steve
text: reaches out to stop him, Hans pulis away.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: There‘s enough here to feed
dialog: Bangladesh. Stop drinking and eat
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: HANS .
dialog: I keep seeing the Dutch woman, you
dialog: know, sprawled out like that. It’s
dialog: not that I wish we hadn't killed
dialog: her, But...
dialog: {to Avner:)
dialog: I wish I'd let you close up her
dialog: housecoat.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Well, you weren't yourself.
text: Avner eats. Hans drinks.
scene_heading: INT. THE HALLWAY OUTSIDE THE SAFE HOUSE, FRANKFURT - BEFGHEF
speaker_heading: DAWN
text: Steve is knocking softly but insistently on Avner's door.
text: Avner opens the door.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I went to Hans's flat, over the,
dialog: um, antique shop, just to check up,
dialog: he was so... Anyway, he’s gone
dialog: somewhere. I waited. All night. He
dialog: hasn't come back.
speaker_heading: 210G
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: EXT. THE POND IN THE OSTPARK, FRANKFURT ~ BEFORE DAWN 2106
text: Bitter cold, and glittering: Some of the moisture from the
text: night before has crystallized into hoarfrost. Hans is sitting
text: on a bench, facing the pond. He’s icy, dead. His hands are
text: limp at his side, eyes open. His face under the frozen rain
text: and condensation is completely grey.
text: Avner, shivering in the cold, sits next to Hans's body,
text: leoking around. He unbuttons Hans’s shirt, moves the frozen
text: fabric aside. It crackles. There's a dark narrow oblong
text: wound in his chest above his heart, frozen blood crusted
dialog: around it.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Knife.
text: Steve is standing nearby, gun drawn. The park’s deserted.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: He walked here every night, he...
text: Avner searches Hans's pockets, retrieving a wallet, an
text: Austrian passport, a gun.
speaker_heading: AVNER (CONT'D)
dialog: They didn't take anything.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Who walks in a park at night?
dialog: Maybe he was a homo. I don‘t know
dialog: anything about him.
text: Steve sits on the other side of Hans.
speaker_heading: AVNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Louis will send someone.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: He's selling us, he ~-
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: He walked here every night. Anyone
dialog: could --
text: teve's fighting hard not te lose control. Avner closes
text: Hans‘s coat. Then his eyes.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: This is ... awful.
dialog: I'm... I’m going to check on, um,
dialog: tell Robert. He should know, we
dialog: have to be careful, we...
speaker_heading: {MORE}
speaker_heading: 210H
speaker_heading: 2101
speaker_heading: 2107
speaker_heading: 210K
speaker_heading: 210L
speaker_heading: STEVE (cont'd)
dialog: It‘s awful.
dialog: Avner?
text: Avner startles out of some reverie.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: What? I... I was... I wasn’t
text: Listening.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 210H
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE IN FRANKFURT - NIGHT 2102
text: Avner is alone in the safe house. He turns out the lights.
text: He walks to his bedroom. He‘’s about to open the door to the
text: bedroom, when he freezes, thinking he’s heard a noise inside.
text: He puts his ear to the door, listens. He goes back to the
text: front room and gets his gun from his holster.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER’S BEDROOM, FRANKFURT SAFE HOUSE - NIGHT 2107
text: He throws opens the door to his bedroom, gun at the ready.
text: The room is empty.
text: He goes to the door of the closet. Gun ready, he opens the
text: closet door.
scene_heading: EXT. A SMALL STONE COTTAGE, BATTICE, BELGIUM - NIGHT 210K
text: The cottage stands alone in a field. It’s very dark outside,
text: no other houses around. A few longhair sheep are rooting
text: around for edible grasses. There’‘s light in the cottage
dialog: windows.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE COTTAGE - NIGHT 210L
text: The cottage is a weird combination of explosives workshop and
text: toy repair shop, bomb parts and disassembled toys
text: intermingled; on one table is a huge, elaborate war game,
text: beautifully articulated toy soldiers with working parts
text: facing each other across a splendid, painted battlefield.
text: Robert is alone, coat hanging from a peg on the wall. He
text: looks exhausted and sad. He's wearing plastic protective
text: goggles. He's packing up the place, putting explosives,
text: machinery in crates for detonation outdoors in the morning.
text: He looks at his hands; they're trembling. He tries to warm
text: them, rubbing them together. They're still trembling. He
text: removes his protective goggles and rubs his eyes.
dialog: 139.
text: He takes tools from a wall cabinet, then stops: he finds a
text: pouch of very old velvet. He removes it, opens it, and takes
text: out a tallis and tefillin. He stares at these for a moment.
text: He sits. ‘Then slowly, tightly he binds the tefillin around
text: his left arm and his forehead. He covers his head with the
text: tallis and begins to daven, reciting the Hebrew prayer for
dialog: travellers.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (IN HEBREW)
dialog: May it be thy will, Oh Lord our God
dialog: and God of our fathers, to conduct
dialog: us in peace...
scene_heading: 210M INT. AVNER'S BEDROOM, FRANKFURT SAFE HOUSE - NIGHT 210M
text: Avner is holding the closet door open. No one is inside.
text: He sits on the bed, hyperflexing his left hand, holding his
text: gun in his right, not able to calm down, no idea what to do
dialog: with himself.
text: He stands, slides a chair under the doorknob.
text: He paces the floor of the bedroom.
text: He hangs his gun, in its holster, near the bed. He carefully
text: lifts the mattress to see if there's a bomb under it. Of
text: course there isn't. He takes a pocket knife out of his
text: pocket, opens it, lifts the mattress again and slits it open,
text: then searches the innards, looking for a bomb. Again,
dialog: nothing.
text: Robert's prayer is heard over the scene:
speaker_heading: ROBERT (VO IN HEBREW)
dialog: ++. to direct our steps in peace,
dialog: to uphold us in peace, and to lead
dialog: us in life, joy and peace unto the
dialog: haven of our desire. Oh deliver
dialog: us from every enemy, ambush and
dialog: injury by the way, and from all
dialog: afflictions that visit and trouble
dialog: the world. Send a blessing upon
dialog: the work of cur hands. Let us
dialog: obtain grace, lovingkindness, and
dialog: mercy in Thine eyes and in the eyes
dialog: of all who behold us.
scene_heading: 210N INT. INSIDE ROBERT'S COTTAGE, BATTICE ~ NIGHT 210N
text: Robert finishes the prayer.
speaker_heading: 2100
speaker_heading: 210P
speaker_heading: 2109
dialog: 140.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (IN HEBREW)
dialog: Hear the voice of our
dialog: supplications. For Thou art a God
dialog: who hears prayers and
dialog: supplications. Blessed art Thou,
dialog: Oh Lord, who hears all prayers.
text: Robert folds up the tallis, takes off the tefillin, puts them
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER‘'S BEDROOM, FRANKFURT SAFE HOUSE - NIGHT 2100
text: Avner is undressing.
text: He sits on the bed. He reaches for the phone. Then he stops
text: himself. He fishes for a swiss army knife and opens the
text: screwdriver. With extreme care he lifts the phone, turns it
text: over, and delicately unscrews the bottom plate. It's a
text: normal phone. Without putting the plate back on, he dials ©.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I want to place a collect call to
dialog: Brooklyn New York, the number is
dialog: 21262... : oy Lets gus
text: He stops, then hangs up the phone. He pulls the guts out of
text: the phone, looking for something, a bug or a bomb.
text: He gets his gun from the holster and climbs into bed. He
text: switches off the light.
text: He lies still, staring into darkness. He listens to his own
text: breathing: shallow, panicked. He gets out of bed, checks the
text: door, the chair propped under the knob. He listens through
text: the door, his panic is building. He looks at the bed but
text: doesn’t go towards it. He looks at the closet, the door
text: ajar. A moment's hesitation, then he steps inside the closet
text: and closes the door almost completely, leaving a crack for
text: air and sound.
scene_heading: INT. IN THE CLOSET ~ LATE NIGHT 210P
text: Avner curls up on the floor of the closet, leaning against an
text: ironing board, cradling the gun. He tries to calm down.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE THE COTTAGE - NIGHT 2100
text: Robert has resumed packing. He picks up a toy ferris wheel
text: and winds it, sets it down and watches it spin around and
text: around. He turns back to the wires and bottles and bricks of
text: plastic explosives. He picks up a timer.
speaker_heading: 210R
dialog: 210s
speaker_heading: 210T
speaker_heading: 2100
speaker_heading: 210V
dialog: 141.
text: The ferris wheel slows down, then stops.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SMALL STONE COTTAGE ~- NIGHT 210R
text: An enormous explosion blows the cottage apart.
scene_heading: INT. IN THE CLOSET - MORNING 2108
text: Avner's asleep. The phone in the bedroom is ringing. He
text: wakes up with a jolt, not knowing where he is. He tries to
text: stand and rams his head on the clothes pole above him.
text: Hangers rain down and the ironing board falls over.
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE HOUSE, FRANKFURT - MORNING 210T
text: Avner stumbles out of the closet, freeing himself from the
text: debris. He lunges for the phone. He picks it up.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: OMITTED ‘ 2100
text: EXT. THE PICTURE GLASS WINDOW OF A KITCHEN DESIGN AND SUBRDY
scene_heading: STORE ON A FANCY STREET IN PARIS ~ NIGHT
text: Avner is standing in front of the display, which has been
text: changed -- a new but still beautiful modern kitchen. Behind
text: him, reflected in the glass, he sees Robert, walking towards
text: him, smiling gently. They make eye contact through the
text: reflection. Robert seems to be standing right behind Avner.
text: He's asking Avner something, either moving his lips or it's
text: just a question in his eyes.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: It will be beautiful. Eventually.
text: Avner places his hand over Robert's face. Then he turns.
text: Louis is standing there.
text: Avner stares at Louis, hard. Louis takes a handkerchief out
text: of his pocket, then reaches past Avner to wipe away the
text: handprint that Avner’s left on the plate glass window.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Ali Hassan Salameh is in Tarifa, on
dialog: the Spanish coast. He’s in a
dialog: compound guarded by all the
dialog: predictable trouble.
dialog: 142.
text: Avner doesn’t respond, staring a Louis as if not seeing him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Bomb makers often die accidental
dialog: deaths.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: In Athens, you shot a KGB agent.
dialog: Many people must want to kill you,
dialog: Monsieur Storsch. But why would I
dialog: do that? You pay better than
dialog: anyone.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s dangerous, going after
dialog: Salameh. But he planned the Munich
dialog: massacre. Eliminate him and they'll
dialog: let you go home. Don’t you think?
text: They look at one another.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Yes, Louis. I do.
text: They smile at one another, not friendly, but, Avner having
dialog: acknowledged his affiliation, both know that this is the end
dialog: of their business together.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You could have a kitchen like this
dialog: someday. It costs dearly. Home
dialog: always does.
scene_heading: 211~223 OMITTED 211-223
speaker_heading: 224 OMITTED 224
scene_heading: 225-233 OMITTED 225-233
text: 234 EXT. THE TERRACE OF A GREAT MANSION ON THE COAST NEAR TARTEM,
scene_heading: SPAIN - EARLIER THAT NIGHT
text: Avner and Steve, in black clothing, faces grimed for
text: camouflage, are crawling through the trimmed grass of a lawn,
text: in the deep shadow of a garden wall, towards a great house,
text: several of the windows of which are lit. Slung across their
text: backs, Steve and Avner carry high-powered rifles.
speaker_heading: 234A
dialog: 235
speaker_heading: 234A
dialog: 235
speaker_heading: 234A
dialog: 143.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LAWN OF THE MANSION -- NIGHT 234K
text: The house in nearer. Egyptian music can be heard.
text: still lying flat in the grass, Steve's looking through night
text: vision binoculars at large glass doors through which a vast
text: library can be seen.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Shit.
dialog: It's like a fucking fun house.
text: He hands the binoculars to Avner, lying beside him. Avner
dialog: looks.
text: Avner stops, looks through the binoculars at the large glass
text: doors of the room next to the library.
scene_heading: IN THE BINOCULARS: 235
text: The panels of glass in the exterior doors of the room are
text: clear, smoke and amber, thick, wavy, bevelled. The room
text: within is panelled with mixrors set at odd angles, and
text: mirrored doors that swing open and close, catching and losing
text: reflections. A row of big crystal chandeliers down the length
text: of the room add myriad prismatic lights to the confusion.
text: A number of Arab men, perhaps as many as twenty, are moving
text: large wooden boxes around. They're rendered cubist fragments
text: by the distortions of the glass, the lights and the mirrors.
speaker_heading: cUT BACK TQ34A
text: Avner and Steve in the dark outside.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Can you tell how many?
scene_heading: IN THE BINOCULARS: 235
text: Avner's moving the bineculars methodically back and forth,
text: scanning the faces in the library. Suddenly he sees someone,
text: only for an instant, whe might be Salameh. Then he’s gone.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TOS4A
dialog: Steve and Avner.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: That’s him. He’s in there.
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 144.
scene_heading: IN THE BINOCULARS: 235
text: Avner focuses the binoculars on the library again. He
text: immediately zooms in on the back of the head of a man,
text: standing near a series of mirrored doors. The man turns.
text: It's definitely Salameh. He's talking to someone, smoking a
dialog: cigarette.
text: Avner's focusing the glasses, bringing Salameh nearer. The
text: sounds of the night intensify, the music, Arabic conversation
text: from the house, crickets, the distant surf and Avner’s own
dialog: breathing.
text: Salameh suddenly stops talking, takes a deep drag on his
text: cigarette -- and then he seems to look straight out the
text: french doors of the library, out through their panes of
text: distorting colored glass, out into the dark, as if seeking
text: out and then locking directly with Avner’s gaze.
text: One of the mirrored doors behind Salameh opens, then another,
text: then another, and all at once the face in the binoculars is
text: repeated, over and over, full face, profile, rear view,
text: staring hard at something -- it seems to be Avner -- with a
text: strange expression: familiarity, hatred, taunting.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO236
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Too many Men. We’re gonna get
dialog: killed.
text: They hear a sound of someone walking on gravel coming from
text: the garden behind them. They go completely flat and roll
text: deeper into the shadows. Avner leaves the binoculars on the
text: grass. They unsling their rifles and release the safeties.
text: A man is standing with his back to them, taking 4 leak. He
text: has a kalashnikov slung across his back.
text: Avner sees the binoculars in the verge of the terrace. He
text: taps Steve, and points.
text: Steve mouths a silent "shit" then starts to inch towards the
text: binoculars. The peeing man is finished, he’s zipping up his
text: fly. Steve's elbow snaps something dry in the grass.
text: The man wheels around. It's a teenage boy, fourteen or
text: fifteen years old. The boy sees Avner and Steve. He starts
text: to fumble for his kalashnikov. Steve is already on his feet,
text: taking aim, Avner close behind him.
dialog: 250
dialog: 145.
text: Steve fires, then Avner, one bullet knocking the kid off his
text: feet, the other hitting him in the eye, making his head
text: explode. His body topples back into the bushes.
text: Avner and Steve hear shouts coming from inside the house.
text: Someone in the dining room flings the door opens and calls
text: out something in Arabic. They crouch, edging back into the
text: shadows. Suddenly there's a burst of machine-gun fire,
text: sending stone and gravel and dirt flying.
text: Steve starts to run back towards the shore. Avner catches
text: his arm, spins him around and drags him in the opposite
text: direction. Avner runs in this direction, and Steve follows.
text: As they approach the main gates Avner trips, stumbles,
text: cutting his face. He sits there, stunned. Steve hauls him to
text: his feet and they resume their run to the gate.
text: Avner fires at the center of the locked gate while Steve
text: turns and fires several rounds into the blackness behind
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: GO!
text: Both men run at the two halves and crash into them. The
text: gates burst open, and Avner and Steve run pell-mell down the
text: drive. Noises of pursuit, running, shouting, from within the
text: compound grow closer. There's a burst of gunfire nearby.
text: Avner and Steve run down the road at top speed.
text: No one is pursuing. They keep running.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP:
text: Avner runs, as we'd seen him at the start of the sequence:
text: face blacked, bloody cut, sweat, terror. He plunges into the
text: grass field. He runs through the grass.
text: He throws his rifle away into the grass and runs.
text: His speed accelerates. He runs till the world falls away. It
text: is no longer clear where he is.
text: The camera closes in on Avner’s eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RUNWAY AT LOD AIRPORT, TEL AVIV - DAY 250
text: Passengers are descending from an El Al plane. Avner is
text: among them. A military jeep, no roof, is waiting. Two young
text: soldiers are sitting on the hood. Avner approaches, looking
text: like he expects to be arrested.
dialog: 251
speaker_heading: 251A
dialog: 252
speaker_heading: 252A
dialog: 146.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I'm --
scene_heading: ONE OF THE SOLDIERS
dialog: We know. You want to ride with us?
scene_heading: THE OTHER SOLDIER
dialog: Hop in.
text: As they get in the jeep, the two soldier in front, Avner in
text: back, one of the soldiers turns to him.
speaker_heading: THE SOLDIER
dialog: I'm Yehuda, this is Avi. Shin
dialog: Beit. We're not supposed to know
dialog: who you are, because we're not
dialog: officers, we're just shit and no
dialog: one tell us shit, but we've heard
dialog: about what you've done, and we want
dialog: to say it's an honor to meet you.
text: Yehuda turns back and starts the jeep. Avner, though he's
text: not showing much, is stunned.
speaker_heading: OMIT 251
speaker_heading: OMITTED 251A
speaker_heading: OMIT 252
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 27-5-H, MOSSAD HEADQUARTERS, TEL AVIV - DAY 252A
text: The same room in which Avner first signed for the mission.
text: Nothing has changed. Avner is seated, thinking, waiting.
text: A man in civilian clothes walks in, carrying a large tape
text: recorder, microphone, and loops of cable. He smiles at Avner,
text: puts the equipment on the desk, and starts assembling it,
text: whistling through his teeth.
text: Avner watches this. When the man is done he leaves with a
dialog: friendly nod te Avner.
text: Ephraim comes in.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: I have no problems with anything
dialog: you guys did except the woman on
text: the houseboat in Hoorn.
dialog: 147.
text: Avner is surprised.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Steve's told us about her.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: We took leaves of absence and
text: Killed her off the company clock.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Don't be an idiot.
dialog: Otherwise as I said we have no
dialog: problems with the job you did.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Except three of my men died.
text: Ephraim nods.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Aecording to your colleague, I
dialog: should say emphatically according
dialog: to your colleague, not in any way
dialog: your fault. He sings your praises.
dialog: -Best. guy he ever worked for :and so .
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Huh.
dialog: Steve's not bad either.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: He says this French group ~~ Louis?
dialog: Was his name? -- they sold the
dialog: terrorists information regarding
dialog: your whereabouts. They helped kill
dialog: your men.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Tell us who they are.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: They won't work with you. JT can't.
dialog: It's about loyalty.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: You're an Israeli officer. That's
dialog: your only loyalty. That's it.
text: Avner doesn't respond.
dialog: 148.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: OK, so --
text: The door opens. General Yitzhak Hofi enters, two aides
text: behind him. Avner stands, one of the aides closes the door.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: This is General Hofi of the
dialog: Northern Command.
speaker_heading: GENERAL HOFI
dialog: Listen, the Prime Minister is proud
dialog: of you and your men. She wishes
dialog: she could tell you herself, but she
dialog: can’t. She never heard of you,
dialog: right?
text: Avner nods.
speaker_heading: GENERAL HOFI (CONT'D)
dialog: Good. She says you've done a great
dialog: thing for your people. For Israel.
text: Hofi embraces Avner, kissing both cheeks. ‘Then he turns to
text: go. He stops at the door and looks back at Avner.
speaker_heading: GENERAL HOFI
dialog: That’s it. There’s no medal or
dialog: anything.
text: He laughs pleasantly, then leaves.
text: Ephraim sits down at the tape recorder. He turns it on.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: (into the mic:)
dialog: Testing, testing...
text: He rewinds, pushes play. Listens to himself saying "testing,
text: testing." Then he switches the machine back to record.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: June 16, 1973.
dialog: Avner Kauffman. Interview.
dialog: (to Avner:)
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Tell me what you learned.
dialog: 253
speaker_heading: 253A
dialog: 149.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: What I learned?
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Yes. What did you learn?
text: Avner stares ahead, not at Ephraim. A weight descends on
text: him, sadness, remembering. Ephraim watches, impatient.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Oh for godsake.
dialog: Tell me the names and numbers of
dialog: your sources.
text: Avner looks down, not answering.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: I can have you court-martialed.
dialog: And I might.
text: Avner shakes his head “no.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You can’t. I don't work for you.
dialog: (meaning it:)
dialog: I don't exist.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 253
scene_heading: INT. AVNER’S MOTHER‘S APARTMENT, TEL AVIV - DAY 253K
text: She lives alone. It’s a small, very modest apartment. She's
text: serving Avner tea. He looks terrible.
text: Avner looks at the only two pictures on the wall: a photo of
text: his father, and a photo of Avner. Both men are in uniform.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You're divorced. Why do you keep
dialog: his picture on the wall?
speaker_heading: AVNER'S MOTHER
dialog: Don't be ridiculous.
dialog: Did you visit him?
text: Axyner looks away.
speaker_heading: AVNER'S MOTHER
dialog: You look terrible.
text: Avner won't look at her.
dialog: 150.
speaker_heading: AVNER,
dialog: I’m... I’m not good right now, and
dialog: I don‘t want to see him.
text: She nods her head.
dialog: They sit,
dialog: She looks
speaker_heading: AVNER’S MOTHER
dialog: I don’t need you to tell me
dialog: anything. It's taken a lot from
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I‘m alive. Right? The rest of
text: it... sorts itself out.
speaker_heading: AVNER‘'S MOTHER
dialog: I'm not a fool, Avner.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I never said you were a --
speaker_heading: AVNER’S MOTHER
dialog: Some bonds you can't break. Ever.
dialog: You are who you belong to.
text: not looking at one another.
speaker_heading: AVNER'S MOTHER
dialog: Everyone in Europe died. Most of
dialog: my family.
dialog: (a gesture as if something
dialog: vanished in the air)
dialog: Pffit!
dialog: I never talked to you about it.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I knew.
speaker_heading: AVNER’S MOTHER
dialog: You knew. So what was there to
dialog: say? I didn't die because I came
dialog: here.
dialog: When I arrived, I walked to the top
dialog: of a hill in Jerusalem and I prayed
dialog: for a child.
dialog: I never prayed before, but I prayed
dialog: then. And I could feel all of them
dialog: were praying with me.
text: at him sadly, with ferocious love.
speaker_heading: AVNER’S MOTHER
dialog: You're what we prayed for.
dialog: What you did, you did for us.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: eo”
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: AVNER'S MOTHER (cont'd)
dialog: For your daughter but also for us.
dialog: Every one of the ones who died --
dialog: died wanting this.
text: (she gestures to the space
dialog: around her.)
dialog: What we've had to take because no
dialog: one will ever give us. A place to
dialog: be a Jew among Jews. Subject to no
dialog: one.
dialog: I thank God for hearing my prayer.
text: Avner looks at her, finally.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Do you want me to tell you, mama?
dialog: Do you want to know what I did?
text: They look at each other for a beat.
speaker_heading: AVNER’S MOTHER
dialog: What‘s there to say? Whatever it
dialog: took, whatever it takes.
dialog: A place on earth. We have a place
text: on earth. At last.
scene_heading: EXT. IN FRONT OF LOD AIRPORT - EARLY MORNING 254
text: Ephraim is dropping Avner off. Ephraim looks angry.
text: Avner takes a small white cardboard box from his knapsack and
text: holds it out to Ephraim. Ephraim doesn't take it.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Baklava.
text: Ephraim takes the box, examines the bakery's sticker affixed
text: to the top.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: (with disdain: }
dialog: From Rehovot? The only edible
dialog: baklava is from the Arabs in Jaffa.
text: He hands it back to Avner.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Eat it on the plane. You're too
dialog: thin.
dialog: (angry)
dialog: I hope it gives you bellyache.
dialog: Listen, forget it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
speaker_heading: 256A
dialog: 256
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: You go see your wife, your child,
dialog: rest for a few more months. We're
dialog: going to put you back in the field.
text: Avner doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Not Europe. Probably Latin
dialog: America.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: You'll think it over.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Iwon't. No.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: OK, then you'll come back and --
text: Avner picks up his suitcase, heads for the plane. Ephraim
text: watches him go.
text: As Avner enters the airport, he runs into a large crowd of
dialog: Palestinian children, 30 or more kids, boys and girls ranging
text: in age from ten to thirteen, pouring out of the airport. The
text: kids are all in colored t-shirts that say, in Arabic script,
dialog: “Kashefat Madressat Yaffa" with the same script and the
text: Arabic letter “aleph” on armband on the left sleeve --
text: they’re in a kind of summer camp program ,returning from a
text: field trip visit to the airport. They surround Avner as they
text: exit, momentarily slowing his progress inside. The kids are
text: chaperoned by three young women, their teachers, two in
text: modern dress, one in a head scarf and traditional dress.
text: Everyone’s talking loudly, talking loudly and excitedly in
dialog: Arabic.
text: Avner turns briefly to look at the kids. Ephraim has gone.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 254
speaker_heading: OMITTED 255
speaker_heading: OMITTED 256
speaker_heading: OMITTED 256K
speaker_heading: OMITTED 256
dialog: 238
speaker_heading: OMITTED 257
speaker_heading: OMITTED 258
scene_heading: EXT. ON CLINTON STREET, CARROLL GARDENS, BROOKLYN - DAY 237
text: Chilly very early spring. Daphna is on the stoop, chatting
text: with an old Italian lady who's leaning out of her first story
text: window; Geula is sitting on Daphna’s lap, chewing on @
text: stuffed animal.
text: Avner‘s standing there, on the sidewalk, carrying a suitcase,
text: leoking at her. The cut in his cheek is still vivid. He‘s
text: disheveled, he looks lost, deadly exhausted.
text: Daphna sees him, stands up, completely shocked. She sways a
text: little. He’s frozen, shy, uncertain, suddenly frightened to
text: be here. Geula starts crying, scared.
scene_heading: INT. THE BROOKLYN APARTMENT - LATE NIGHT 238
text: Daphna comes out of the bedroom, looking for Avner. She goes
text: into the living room. He's sitting on the window seat,
text: looking out at the street, up and down, vigilant. Charlie
text: sits nearby.
text: Daphna sees that Avner's jammed a chair under the doorknob.
text: He turns and looks at her.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: Nightmares?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (shakes his head,
text: confused, laughs a
dialog: little: )
dialog: I have no idea where I should be.
dialog: (He looks around the
dialog: room: )
dialog: It's a nice place. You've made
dialog: it... nice.
speaker_heading: DAPHNA
dialog: Come back to bed,
speaker_heading: 259
dialog: 249
dialog: 260
dialog: 261
dialog: 262
speaker_heading: 263
text: She goes back to the bedroom. She hasn't seen that Avner is
text: holding his gun. He watches her go in, then he turns back to
text: his vigil. His left hand is clenching, hyperflexing.
scene_heading: EXT. IN FRONT OF THE BROOKLYN APARTMENT, CLINTON STREET - 259
speaker_heading: LATE AFTERNOON
text: It's full summer, blast furnace heat, kids playing in open
text: hydrants, very green, very humid.
text: Avner is walking to his house. He looks heavier, healthier.
text: His face in repose is still very, very sad, but years have
text: lifted off it. He's dressed in paint-spattered, plaster-
text: Spattered work clothes, coming off a job in small
dialog: construction.
text: He passes a car in a row of cars parked on the street.
text: Someone's in the car but he doesn't notice it. When he's
text: gone several feet past the car, however, something bothers
text: him and he looks back. There's a man inside who might be
text: looking back at Avner. The car pulls out and drives off down
text: Clinton street. There's no license plate.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 249
speaker_heading: OMITTED 260
speaker_heading: OMITTED 261
speaker_heading: OMITTED 262
scene_heading: EXT. A PAYPHONE NEAR AVNER'S COBBLE HILL JOBSITE - DAY 263
text: Avner is at a payphone, dressed in his dusty construction
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Sylvie? I want to talk to your
dialog: father.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: AVNER (CONT'D)
dialog: is Louis there?
speaker_heading: SYLVIE (V.0.)
dialog: No, he...
dialog: 264
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
dialog: 155.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I want to talk to your father.
text: He reads from the phone dial.
speaker_heading: AVNER (CONT'D)
text: 212-624-7880.
dialog: I'll wait. He must call. I'll
dialog: wait.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PAYPHONE NEAR THE COBBLE HILL JOBSITE - DAY 264
text: Almost an hour later. Avner is waiting. The phone rings.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Am I being hunted? Is my family
dialog: being hunted?
scene_heading: INT. THE FARMHOUSE, THE FRENCH ALPS - NIGHT 265
text: Papa is pitting prunes, phone propped against a shoulder,
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: How is your father? He's well?
dialog: Your family is well?
scene_heading: EXT. THE PAYPHONE NEAR THE COBBLE HILL JOBSITE - DAY 266
text: Avner is silent.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I don't know. How's my family? Are
dialog: they well? Are they going to be OK?
scene_heading: INT. THE FARMHOUSE, THE FRENCH ALPS - NIGHT 267
speaker_heading: PAPA
dialog: I'm sending you a parcel of sausage
dialog: and cheese. Real cheese, the kind
dialog: you can’t get in America -- it
text: isn't “pasteurized,” so it doesn’t
dialog: taste like shit.
dialog: it's a pleasure to hear your voice
dialog: again. I think about you, with
dialog: concern. Do you believe me?
speaker_heading: 268
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 270
dialog: 156.
scene_heading: EXT. PAYPHONE NEAR THE COBBLE HILL JOBSITE - DAY 268
text: Avner is silent, he doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: PAPA (V.0.)
dialog: Avner?
dialog: You believe me, Avner?
text: Avner is startled.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: You know my name.
speaker_heading: PAPA (V.0.)
dialog: of course I do.
dialog: Listen to me, it’s important. No
dialog: harm will come to you from me.
dialog: Avner. I will never lie to you.
text: Papa hangs up.
text: Avner puts the receiver back in place. He leaves the phone
text: booth. Slowly he shakes his head, “no,” reaching a hard
dialog: decision.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ISRAELI CONSULATE, MANHATTAN - DAY 269
text: Establishing shot. Avner, still dressed in his construction
text: clothes, enters the consulate.
scene_heading: INT, THE OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY CONSUL, THE ISRAELI CONSULADED
speaker_heading: MANHATTAN - DAY
text: The deputy consul, a young Israeli, is sitting behind his
text: desk. Avner enters abruptly without knocking.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: If you're Mossad, you know who I
dialog: am. If you don't, tell Ephraim that
dialog: Avner came to see you.
text: The deputy consul rises. A secretary tries to come in the
text: office. Avner shoves her out, slams the door and wheels on
text: the frightened deputy consul who sits down again.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Tell Ephraim I won't hesitate to
dialog: kill other people's children if my
dialog: child is hurt. or wives if you
dialog: hurt my wife. Or fathers if you
dialog: hurt my father.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 239
speaker_heading: 239A
speaker_heading: 239AA
dialog: 240
dialog: 157.
speaker_heading: AVNER (cont'd)
dialog: Word for word, tell Ephraim. I'll
dialog: give everything to the newspapers.
dialog: Who was at every meeting. Every
dialog: bloody name. If anyone bothers us
dialog: again.
text: The door behind Avner is forced open by armed embassy guards.
text: They grab Avner, who doesn't resist.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER AND DAPHNA‘’S BEDROOM, BROOKLYN ~- LATE NIGHT 239
text: Daphne is asleep. Avner comes in. He gets into bed. He
text: lies there, staring into the dark. He‘s crying silently.
text: Daphna wakes up, looks at him; she reaches over to him,
text: touches his face; he turns away from her. She moves over to
text: him, holding him. She kisses him tenderly, consoling. The
text: kiss is returned, becomes sexual. They start to make love,
text: gently, uncertainly, then building in intensity and passion.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ATR OVER FURSTENFELDBRUCK AIRPORT - NIGHT 239K
text: A confused fragment of helicopter blades, tail-lights, a loud
text: burst of noise.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER AND DAPHNA’S BEDROOM, BROOKLYN - NIGHT 239AA
text: Avner stops making love to his wife. She draws him back into
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. FURSTENFELDBRUCK AIRPORT RUNWAY - NIGHT (TOKOL AIRFIED)
text: The helicopters are landing on the tarmac of the airport. An
text: 727 jet stands ready, ostensibly to take the fedayeen and
text: their hostages to Cairo. Apart from a few spotlights, the
text: airport and the runway are dark.
text: The helicopters land. The door of one of the helicopters (D-
text: HAQU) opens, and Issa, Samir, Kader and Salah emerge, rifles
text: ready, crouching.
text: Tony and Abu-Halah emerge from the second helicopter (D-
text: HAQO). Issa and Tony move with great caution, away from the
text: helicopter and towards the jet.
text: Tony and Issa approach the jet. They stop, frozen for a
text: moment. They can see that the plane is dark and there's no
text: one in the pilot’s cabin. They suspect a trick. Issa and
text: Tony turn back toward the helicopter. They begin to shout at
text: their comrades back at the helicopters.
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
dialog: 243
dialog: 244
text: Flood lights atop the building and all around the field burst
text: on, lighting up the runway.
text: Then from the runway’s periphery, hidden snipers start
text: firing. Abu-Halah and Salah are gunned down immediately.
text: Paulo, Badran and Samir return fire. Bullets are being fired
text: in all directions. Sniper fire hits Tony in the leg. There’s
text: shouting and screaming. Issa runs hiding behind a helicopter
speaker_heading: (D-HAQO) .
scene_heading: INT. AVNER AND DAPHNA'S BEDROOM, BROOKLYN - LATE NIGHT 241
text: Avner and Daphne continue to make love, but something
text: changes. Avner grows silent, strangely concentrated -- he's
text: trying to block out images inside his head. His lovemaking
text: becomes rough, angry. He starts fucking her, furiously.
text: Daphna is crying.
scene_heading: EXT. FURSTENFELDBRUCK AIRPORT RUNWAY - NIGHT (TOKOL AIRFIHI&2)
text: Amidst the firefight, armored cars are slowly making their
text: way towards the helicopters on the runway. Behind the
text: armored cars are many soldiers and policemen. The fedayeen
text: and the snipers are still firing. Soldiers begin firing as
dialog: well.
text: Issa climbs into helicopter (D-HAQQ) and sprays machine gun
text: fire into Friedman, Halfin and Springer, killing them and
text: injuring Berger in the leg. Issa then leaps from the
text: helicopter, pulls the pin of a grenade and throws it inside.
text: It explodes.
text: Kader is spraying the other helicopter (D-HAQU) with machine
text: gun fire.
scene_heading: INT. AVNER AND DAPHNA‘S BEDROOM, BROOKLYN - LATE NIGHT 243
text: Avner is still on top of Daphna, fucking her. His eyes are
text: screwed shut, he’s growling, his face is contorted with hate,
text: he’s trying to hurt her. She‘s crying and scared but not
text: stopping him. The baby, in a crib nearby, starts to cry.
scene_heading: INT. ABOARD A HELICOPTER ON THE RUNWAY - NIGHT (TOKOL 244
speaker_heading: AIRFIELD)
text: The helicopter is bursting into flames. The captive men
text: inside are engulfed in flame.
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 248
speaker_heading: 271
dialog: 272
scene_heading: INT. ABOARD THE SECOND HELICOPTER ON THE RUNWAY - NIGHT 245
speaker_heading: (TOKOL AIRFIELD)
text: Kader’s machine gun spray is ripping the cabin apart,
text: striking the bodies of the helplass athletes (cuttfreund,
text: Schorr, Slavin, Spitzer and Shapira), ripping them apart --
dialog: carnage.
text: WIDE SHOT OF AFTERMATH: The two helicopters in flames, the
text: dark plane, bodies on the ground, smoke hanging over
text: everything, men emerging from the shadows on the periphery
text: into the floodlit devastation, the sirens flashing but
text: everything completely silent.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 246
scene_heading: INT. AVNER AND DAPHNA’S BEDROOM, BROOKLYN - LATE NIGHT 247
text: Daphna pushes Avner off her, violently. They both lie,
text: panting, terrified.
text: He sits up, facing away from her. He reaches back to touch
text: her. She flinches away, holding herself.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD OF DAPHNA’S AND AVNER‘S APARTMENT BUILD ENB
scene_heading: BROOKLYN - DAY
text: It's summer now, the weed growth is rampant. Avner is piling
text: a wheelbarrow with all sorts of junk, waving Charlie away.
text: He's still thin, still exhausted, frowning. The cut on his
text: cheek is now healed.
text: Daphna calls from their rear window:
speaker_heading: DAPHNA (V.0.)
dialog: Phone for you!
dialog: He's Israeli.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 271
scene_heading: EXT. A PARK ON THE BROOKLYN WATERFRONT - DAY 272
text: Ephraim and Avner are walking past an overgrown park on the
text: Brooklyn waterfront. There‘s an abandoned jungle gym at one
text: end of the park.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: You think we’d hurt your family?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I think anyone is capable of
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: I think you're losing your mind.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Did I commit murder?
text: They stop walking. Ephraim looks out over the East River.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I want you to give me proof that
dialog: every man we killed had a hand in
dialog: Munich.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: I don’t discuss such things with
dialog: people who don‘t exist. You want
dialog: to discuss, come back to existence.
dialog: You want your daughter to grow up
dialog: in exile?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I want evidence.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Professor Hamshari with the
dialog: beautiful wife and child? He was
dialog: implicated in a failed
dialog: assassination attempt on Ben
dialog: Gurion, he was recruiting for Fatah
dialog: France, enlisting sympathetic non-
text: Arab fanatics eager to destroy the
dialog: international Zionist conspiracy.
dialog: You stopped him.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: We should have tried to bring him
dialog: to Israel.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: And Zwaiter, your harmless little
dialog: writer in Rome? He was behind the
dialog: bomb on El Al flight 76 in 1968, he
dialog: worked on another bomb last August.
dialog: I can go with this,
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: According to evidence no one has
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: (MORE }
dialog: 161.
speaker_heading: AVNER (cont'd)
dialog: If they committed crimes we should
dialog: have arrested them, like Eichmann.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Tf these guys live, Israelis die.
dialog: Whatever doubts you have, Avner,
dialog: you know this is true.
dialog: We are telling them: if you kill us
dialog: you will never be safe. We'll find
dialog: you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You did well, but you’re unhappy.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I killed seven men.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Not Salameh.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: We'll get him, of course. You think
dialog: you were the only team? It’s a big
dialog: operation. You were only a part.
dialog: Does that assuage your guilt?
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: I don’t even know anymore what I
dialog: want from you. Did we accomplish
dialog: anything at all? Every man we
text: killed has been replaced by worse.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Why cut my fingernails they'll grow
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Did we kill them to destroy the
dialog: terrorist leadership or the
dialog: Palestinian leadership? Tell me
dialog: what we've done.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: You killed them for the sake of a
dialog: country you now choose to abandon.
dialog: The country your mother and father
dialog: built. That you were born into.
dialog: You killed them for Munich, For
dialog: the future. For peace. If you
dialog: killed them. If I know you. If
dialog: we have met before, which we have
dialog: not.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM (cont'd)
dialog: If you signed a paper, which you
dialog: have, saying you have no connection
dialog: with us, with Israel, or any
dialog: connection with anyone anywhere,
dialog: anywhere on earth, Avner Kauffman,
dialog: and you have no context.
dialog: No wonder you‘re unhappy. I'm
dialog: unhappy just looking at you.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: There's no peace at the end of
dialog: this.
dialog: Whatever you believe, you know
dialog: that‘s true.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: Here‘s what I know:
dialog: your father’s sick. Your mother
dialog: will be alone. You're a sabra,
dialog: your wife and daughter are sabras.
dialog: What I came to say is this. Come
dialog: home.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: . AVNER
dialog: No.
text: Ephraim looks down, then nods.
speaker_heading: AVNER
dialog: Come to my house for dinner
dialog: tonight.
text: A beat. Ephraim doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: AVNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. You're a Jew. You're a
dialog: stranger. It's written someplace
dialog: or other, I’m supposed to ask you
dialog: to break bread.
dialog: Break bread with me Ephraim.
text: Ephraim shakes his head, sad.
speaker_heading: EPHRAIM
dialog: No.
text: Ephraim walks away. Avner watches him go.
scene_heading: END TITLES OVER IMAGE:
scene_heading: ULTIMATELY, NINE OF THE ELEVEN PALESTINIAN MEN TARGETED FOR
scene_heading: ASSASSINATION WERE KILLED, INCLUDING ALI HASSAN SALAMEH IN
dialog: 1979.
speaker_heading: END OF FILM
dialog: 163.
dialog: 
