speaker_heading: MY FRIEND
speaker_heading: DAHMER
dialog: by
dialog: Marc Meyers
dialog: based on the graphic novel
dialog: by John Backderf
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
dialog: When I was a kid, I was just like
dialog: anybody else.
dialog: -Jeffrey Dahmer
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: A DEAD CAT on the side of the road. Flies swarm around. Cars
text: pass. Then, a thunderous rumble. The large tires of a PENCIL
text: YELLOW SCHOOL BUS approach and come into focus.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD, OHIO - AFTERNOON (1977) - ESTABLISHING
text: The bus barrels down the two-lane blacktop, cutting through
text: the wooded countryside.
text: JEFF DAHMER, 16, gazes out the window. His blank face is
text: hidden behind WIRE-RIMMED GLASSES and SHAGGY, TOWHEADED HAIR.
text: His eyes track the roadkill as the bus drives past.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS - CONTINUOUS
text: Full of jabbering TEENAGERS. Awkward freshman sit closer to
text: the front. Cooler kids own the back rows.
text: In a middle row, Jeff is by his lonesome.
text: Three average teenagers in the row directly in front of him
dialog: play Twenty Questions:
speaker_heading: PIMPLE FACE
dialog: Is it a person?
speaker_heading: BOWL CUT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FRECKLE FACE
dialog: Is the person living?
speaker_heading: BOWL CUT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PIMPLE FACE
dialog: Is the person famous?
speaker_heading: BOWL CUT
dialog: Sort of.
text: The Bus driver grips the steering wheel as the bus hits a
text: cluster of potholes. Everyone bounces, but no pause to the
dialog: antics.
text: JOHN “DERF” BACKDERF, 17, sits in the front. He has a
text: subversive confidence. Already resigned to his band-nerd
text: status, he no longer gives a shit. He RIPS OUT a page from
dialog: his pad:
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Dang it.
text: The bumpy ride ruined his cartoon. He starts a new sketch
text: that mocks the Bus Driver clenching the steering wheel:
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
dialog: Calm down in the back. Sit down...
text: The bus thunders along and turns onto WEST BATH ROAD.
text: Jeff's eyes land on a NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER, late 40s, handsome
text: and lean, running in the same direction as the bus. He’s
text: dressed in classic 70s running attire: Nikes, color striped
dialog: tube socks, Adidas shorts.
text: The bus stops. Several kids unload. The jogger runs ahead.
text: The bus picks up speed. Again, Jeff's eyes lock on the
text: Neighborhood Jogger. Jeff studies the jogger’s stride, his
text: arms moving back & forth, thighs pumping, his stoic face.
text: The bus accelerates. The Neighborhood Jogger starts to
text: disappear behind the bus in the distance.
text: Jeff heads up the aisle to the rear emergency exit door,
text: trying to keep his sights on the jogger. He’s oddly fixated.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Sit down in the back. Can’t see. Who
dialog: is that?
text: The front row freshmen shrug. They don’t know.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey!
text: Other kids on the bus don’t know either.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Who's that?
text: Derf looks up from his drawing pad.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: (eye rolls)
dialog: That’s Jeff Dahmer.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
dialog: Jeff. Sit down.
text: Jeff gets a tap on the shoulder. He turns around.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: But I didn’t do anything.
text: Jeff returns to his seat. The bus accelerates again...
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL BUS - MOMENTS LATER
text: The bus dumps Jeff and some other kids off at their stop.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff steps up to the edge of the driveway and waits. There
text: again, the Neighborhood Jogger approaches. Getting closer -
text: Jeff smiles, yet afraid to wave, as the jogger runs right
text: past and continues up the slope.
text: Once the jogger disappears over the hill, Jeff lowers his
text: head and shuffles up the driveway. His shoulders thrust
text: slightly forward. A strangely rigid and inflexible figure.
text: The stiff, awkward gait of a kid uncomfortable in the world.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff dumps his backpack on the floor. He heads into the den.
text: The hallway walls are lined with dismal wood paneling. He
text: hears chatter around the corner and curiously backtracks.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff enters the living room. A wall of windows looks out on
text: the wooded property sloping below.
text: He discovers his fragile mother, JOYCE DAHMER, 41, on the
text: sofa. She flips through a lookbook with MR. BURLMAN, a middle-
text: aged man with a slight twitch.
speaker_heading: MR. BURLMAN
dialog: I-I-I think we cud frame the wall of
text: windows with dwapes.
text: Joyce looks up and notices--
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Jeff. Hi. What about tennis practice?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Told you already, tennis season ended.
dialog: 4.
text: Mr. Burlman stands. His knees knock. He wobbles toward Jeff,
text: and extends his hand.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: This is Mr. Burlman, my new interior
dialog: decorator.
text: Mr. Burlman’s twitching escalates.
speaker_heading: MR. BURLMAN
dialog: Hehwo... braaa... Jeff.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Don’t be alarmed. Just a mild case of--
speaker_heading: MR. BURLMAN
dialog: P-p-palsy.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: He’s a very talented designer.
speaker_heading: MR. BURLMAN
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. D-d-dahmer.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hi.
text: Mr. Burlman trembles for a beat, stuck.
speaker_heading: MR. BURLMAN
dialog: N-n-nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: Jeff cuts through and exits the side door to return outside.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - BACK YARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff chuckles to himself. The man’s tick amuses him, as it
dialog: would any teenager.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Dwapes.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - LATER
text: Jeff treads along the side of the road. Tennis sneakers grind
text: against the pebbly dirt. His pace slows.
text: At his feet is the same roadkill, spotted from the bus. He
text: TAPS THE DEAD CAT with his sneaker.
dialog: 5.
text: Jeff reaches down and picks it up. Holds it preciously in his
text: palms. He compulsively squeezes it. A slight sound escapes
text: from the decomposing insides. He smirks.
text: Prepared for such a macabre discovery, Jeff pulls a crumpled
text: plastic bag from his pocket and places the roadkill inside.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - AFTERNOON
text: A bunch of teenagers on bikes maraud down the road. Little
dialog: concern for traffic.
speaker_heading: BOSSY
dialog: c'mon. I don’t wanna miss Monty
dialog: Python.
speaker_heading: LANKY
dialog: Nudge nudge. Wink wink. Know what I
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: BOSSY
dialog: Say no more. Say no more.
speaker_heading: SHORTY
dialog: Car.
text: The teenagers swoop to the shoulder to let the car pass. They
text: keep peddling up the hill, huffing it.
text: Suddenly, a DOG SNARLS at them from the edge of a property
text: and they peddle quicker, but the incline makes a quick
dialog: getaway that much harder.
speaker_heading: SHORTY (CONT’D)
dialog: We shoulda gone the other way.
text: They run straight into Jeff who’s walking down the hill,
text: carrying his souvenir.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You’re safe. The dog’s harmless and on
dialog: a chain.
text: The teens catch their breath. They’re immediately curious--
speaker_heading: BOSSY
dialog: Hey, Dahmer. Why are you carrying
dialog: around...
dialog: (glances in the bag)
dialog: Ew!... Dead cat!?!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I’m gonna dissolve it.
speaker_heading: LANKY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: In some acid.
speaker_heading: BOSSY
dialog: Whaaat? You’re so fulla crap.
speaker_heading: SHORTY
dialog: Where did you get acid?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: My dad’s a chemist. I can get my hands
dialog: on it easy.
speaker_heading: LANKY
dialog: Yeah right--
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Come see if you don’t believe me.
text: They follow Jeff down the hill.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - WOODED FRONT YARD - AFTERNOON
text: Tucked in the woods on the side of the property, just fifty
text: feet from the road, is a MAN-MADE WOODEN SHED. Weeds grow up
text: the walls. Jeff and the gang of curious teenagers approach.
scene_heading: INT. HUT - CONTINUOUS
text: They enter. A rickety door. A musty space. Assortment of
text: glass jars line the shelves. Each contains a brown, murky
text: substance, individually labeled: Raccoon, Crow, Rabbit, etc.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Welcome to my science project.
text: Jeff places the dead cat on the table, then retrieves an
scene_heading: ALUMINUM CONTAINER.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: This acid is kinda weak... so it takes
dialog: more than a couple of weeks for the
dialog: flesh to dissolve.
text: He pours acid into an empty jar, then forces the cat inside.
speaker_heading: BOSSY
dialog: Yuck.
text: Jeff pours in some more acid and caps it off.
speaker_heading: SHORTY
dialog: Wha-wha-why are you doing this?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I like to study bones. It-it interests
dialog: me. What’s inside...
speaker_heading: BOSSY
dialog: Aw, this is all total bullcrap! Dead
dialog: animals, acid, c’mon. I bet these jars
dialog: are fulla nothin’ but muddy water.
text: Browbeaten beads of sweat dot Jeff's forehead. He pushes past
text: and reaches for a jar on a top shelf. Labeled: Raccoon.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: See this. I found it a month ago on
text: Hametown Road. The flesh is almost
text: completely dissolved now.
speaker_heading: BOSSY
dialog: Ha! Yeah right.
text: JEFF SNAPS. He THROWS THE JAR DOWN on the floor, shattering
text: on impact. Remnants of a half-dissolved raccoon spill out.
text: Flesh-pudding and bones. A jawbone. Gnarly raccoon feet.
text: The STENCH is palpable, like a hundred rotten eggs. They all
text: gag, bumping into one another as they squeeze out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - HUT - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff and the other teenagers scatter away from the hut,
text: holding their noses, retching. One vomits in the dirt.
speaker_heading: BOSSY
dialog: Gawd, Dahmer! You are such a freak.
text: The teens run off, abandoning him. Jeff stands alone on the
text: edge of his property - a stiff silhouette.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DINING AREA - NIGHT
text: Jeff's father LIONEL DAHMER, 41, sits at the head of the
text: dining table. A man of high intellect but unable to connect
text: over quotidian details with his chafing wife or two sons,
dialog: Jeff and DAVE, 10.
text: Lionel serves himself some peas and carrots. Nearby, in the
text: kitchen, Joyce anxiously pulls a chicken out of the oven.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: (breaks the silence)
text: Someone pass the iced tea.
text: Dave reaches for it. Jeff takes the pitcher and passes it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: How was your day, Dad?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Uneventful.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mrs. Demeson read more from
dialog: Charlotte’s Web today--
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Dad, is there a stronger chemical I
dialog: could use? Something that works
dialog: faster?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Jeff, let your brother speak. What’s
dialog: the book about, Dave?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: It’s a... about a spider who talks to
dialog: a pig named Wilbur who’s going to be
text: slaughtered by a butcher.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Let me think.
text: Joyce serves an under-cooked chicken.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Jeff, give your brother the
text: drumsticks.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Why? He doesn’t - I like the dark
dialog: meat.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Jeff.
text: Jeff obliges and gives the two drumsticks to his brother.
text: They pick at the chicken. It’s raw on the bone.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Dad, why is there toilet paper in our
dialog: trees, again?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: I don’t know, son.
text: Jeff lowers his head. Lionel sneaks a peak in his direction.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (CONT’D)
dialog: How's tennis, Jeff?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It ended over a week ago. But next
dialog: year I got a chance to be ranked
dialog: second singles.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Next fall, how about play some team
dialog: sports? Or join some clubs...
text: Jeff chokes on his food, and the intimidating suggestion.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Shoot, I forgot the potatoes.
text: Joyce beelines back to the oven.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I’m in the Marching Band too.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: I know, but... something new might
dialog: lead to some better friends. Friends
dialog: are our connection to the world.
text: Joyce returns with hot potatoes and drops them on the plates.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Chicken’s red inside, Mom.
text: Joyce stops moving and examines the table.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You don’t like my cooking? New house
dialog: rule. We eat our mistakes.
text: Joyce sits. The two boys pick at the food. Lionel and Joyce
text: make eye contact across the table. Jeff notes their glare,
text: full of resentment.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - MORNING - ESTABLISHING
text: A drove of students mill about. It’s a quintessential public
text: high school - soulless, modular formation of red brick. A
text: school bus pulls in and drops off another herd of teenagers.
text: Some kids gather around the SCHOOL ROCK. This defaced boulder
text: is the students’ billboard: graffiti, couples’ initials, and
text: the declarations “Balderelli Sucks” and “Class of ‘77 Rules!”
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Jeff walks warily down the overcrowded hall, teeming with mid-
text: 70s trends, hormones, and bravado. Platform shoes. Bell
text: bottoms. Layered long hair and sideburns. “Sabbath Bloody
text: Sabbath” by Black Sabbath blares from a beatbox.
text: Two senior BULLY-JOCKS shove Jeff into the wall--
speaker_heading: BULLY-JOCKS
dialog: Outta my way, Dumber! Dumb ass.
text: Jeff slides to the floor. He scurries to pick up his books.
scene_heading: INT. BIOLOGY CLASS - DAY
text: Working by himself, Jeff peers into a microscope.
text: Several rows ahead, Derf and two rascally cohorts, KENT and
text: MIKE, joke around. Kent wears a KISS T-shirt, almost always.
text: He also wears a skeptical attitude. Mike is constantly
text: jovial, with a paunchy, short physique to match.
text: MS. BOWLES, 50s, limps around class. Her metal ankle-brace
text: creaks and distracts, as does her lisp.
speaker_heading: MS. BOWLES
dialog: Mr. John Backderf. Have you matched,
dialog: um, the chloroplatz?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: We’re workin’ on it, Miss Bowles.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Yeah, we’re on question sixteen to be
dialog: precise.
text: Ms. Bowles looks at their papers. Derf’s margins are filled
text: with doodles of the girls’ butts in the row ahead.
speaker_heading: MS. BOWLES
dialog: Gather your stuff.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Me? We’re-we’re taking turns on the
dialog: scope, Miss--
speaker_heading: MS. BOWLES
dialog: Over here. With Jeff.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Geez.
text: Ms. Bowles leads Derf to the back row.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: MS. BOWLES
dialog: Jeff, keep on the same slide and give
text: Mr. Backderf a look.
text: Derf focuses to complete the assignment. MS. BOWLES strolls
text: down the side of her classroom and glances in a cabinet. JEFF
text: LOCKS EYES on a jarred FETAL PIG on a shelf, unaware Derf is
text: now copying his answers.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - LUNCH HOUR
text: Jeff carries his tray from the kitchen into a boisterous
text: cafeteria. He sulks past the stereotypical clusters of
text: cliques at separate tables:
text: PSYCHO-STONERS, led by LLOYD FIGG, giving each other dead
text: arms. Lloyd’s the school’s premier delinquent.
text: BULLY-JOCKS, led by the Quarterback, flirting with the PROM
text: QUEEN WANNABES at the next table.
text: BAND NERDS, led by Derf, who chortle over a Mad Magazine and
dialog: trade music cassettes.
text: Jeff finds a seat at a table against the back wall. The table
text: is empty, except for OLIVER ZLATKA, 16, a sophomore and the
text: school’s effeminate weakling. Jeff sits at the far end to
dialog: lessen their association.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Hey.
text: Jeff nods, keeping to himself. He shyly eats.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m going away this summer to a
dialog: wilderness camp. But in exchange my
dialog: dad said I can get tickets to see Neil
dialog: Sedaka in concert.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: My favorite.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I know. Wanna go?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Um, sure.
text: Prom Queen Wannabe WENDY WATKINS butts in--
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (nudges Jeff)
dialog: Hey, kid, you’re in my spot. Move.
dialog: 12.
text: Jeff slides closer to Oliver. Wendy stands on an empty chair
dialog: and gets the crowd’s attention--
speaker_heading: WENDY (CONT’D)
dialog: Over here. Everyone!
scene_heading: ANOTHER PROM QUEEN WANNABE
dialog: Quiet.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Quiet. Thanks. I’m only talking to the
dialog: seniors, so the rest of you just keep
dialog: your traps shut. As you know, I’m on
dialog: the Prom Planning Committee and I've -
dialog: we've put our hearts into the event
dialog: which is right around the corner. It’s
dialog: going to be the best prom ever and
dialog: just a reminder that voting for prom
dialog: King and Queen ends this Friday. And,
dialog: and it just came to my--
text: Figg knocks over Oliver's food tray.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Hey, Faggot. She’s talking.
text: Laughter erupts.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Stop that--
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: You’re a little fruit.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Freakin’ juniors, stop that.
text: Figg starts to give Oliver a wedgie in the aisle. Bully-Jocks
text: cheer him on. More widespread laughter and applause, even
text: from Derf and his band-nerd cohorts.
text: LUNCHROOM MONITORS swarm in and pull Figg away. In the
text: confusion, Jeff slips out, undetected. He’s relieved he
dialog: wasn’t the target.
scene_heading: INT. HUT - AFTERNOON
text: At his work table, Jeff pulls a lumpy mass - wrapped in an
text: undershirt - from his backpack. He unveils the fetal pig,
text: stolen from Biology class. Jeff holds it preciously in his
text: palms and thumbs its belly.
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DEN - NIGHT
text: Jeff stares blankly at The Mary Tyler Moore Show as he
text: finishes a bowl of cereal, blocking out his parents’ argument
dialog: in the living room nearby--
speaker_heading: LIONEL (0.S.)
dialog: I can’t believe you did that without
text: discussing it first.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
dialog: Why? You always say no to everything.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (0.S.)
dialog: Joyce, I’m not paying for a crony
text: drape hanger.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
dialog: Interior decorator. There’s a
dialog: difference.
text: Dave sidles down the hall to get a look.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: You're not capable of this kind of
dialog: project. It needs attention,
dialog: dedication. Next week you’re going to
dialog: want to do pottery.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: That’s hardly - I’m ready to go back
dialog: to work.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: What - how?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (gesturing to her son)
dialog: David will be eleven.
text: Lionel shoos David away.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (CONT'D)
text: He’s old enough to let himself in.
text: Lynn Watkins up the street went back
text: to work. Cynthia Bakula is selling
dialog: real estate now, she’s not even around
text: on the weekends. Even Jane Kyriazis is
dialog: doing bookkeeping.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: May I remind you, you’ve been back
dialog: from the mental hospital for less than
dialog: a year. Besides.
dialog: 14.
text: A strained pause.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (CONT’D)
dialog: (walks away)
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Forget what?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: ... Just a month ago you saw a UFO fly
dialog: past the house, and you chased it down
dialog: the street in your bathrobe.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Jerk.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - JEFF & DAVE’S BEDROOM - LATER
text: Jeff and Dave lie in twin beds, forced to listen to their
text: parents’ continued argument on the other side of the wall:
speaker_heading: LIONEL (0.S.)
text: GODDAMMIT, JOYCE, I’M NOT GOING TO
dialog: have this argument again! It’s not
dialog: even about that guy.
text: Dave sniffles. Jeff wipes a tearful eye.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
dialog: You're a fascist, you know that.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (0.S.)
dialog: We're talking about nothing. We have
dialog: nothing left to say to each other--
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
dialog: I have plenty, don’t get me started.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (0.S.)
dialog: Shut the hell up.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
dialog: I’ve had it with--
text: SLAM! A door shuts in a face. Absolute silence, except for
text: Dave's sniffling. Jeff slides over to his brother’s bed to
dialog: comfort him.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Are they going to hit each other?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No, they just yell.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - BAND ROOM - DAY
text: MR. HICKS, the heavy-set armpit-stained band leader, conducts
text: a rehearsal. Jeff plays trumpet. In the back row, Derf plays
text: tuba beside Kent on percussion. Mr. Hicks wraps up the song.
speaker_heading: MR. HICKS
dialog: That sounds excellent. The trumpet and
dialog: clarinets were pitch perfect.
text: A momentary proud smile crosses Jeff's face.
speaker_heading: MR. HICKS (CONT'D)
dialog: Groovy. You play like that at our year
dialog: end recital and we’re gonna blow
text: scalps off the audience...
text: Band members sort of understand his latest idiom.
speaker_heading: MR. HICKS (CONT’D)
dialog: «+. Once again, from the top.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - AFTERNOON
text: Oliver lurks among the parked cars, hiding. Two BULLY-JOCKS
text: find him and approach. Oliver backs up, timid.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Hey, faggot. There you are.
speaker_heading: GOOCH
dialog: You've been avoiding us all day.
text: Jeff appears - his backpack and trumpet case slung over his
text: shoulder - not expecting to find anyone other than Oliver.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Hey, Jeff.
speaker_heading: GOOCH
dialog: Coming to save the day, Dahmer?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No, no--
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Are you going to defend this homo with
dialog: your trumpet case?
speaker_heading: GOOCH
dialog: I got a trumpet you can blow.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I was just gonna tell him somethin’.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Go ahead, I’d like to see this.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (blurts out)
dialog: Jeff, I got the Neil Sedaka tickets
dialog: for this Saturday.
text: Jeff acts surprised, like he doesn’t know Oliver’s reference.
text: The bullies encroach on Oliver.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: You guys going together? Cute.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I’m not going to any concert - it’s
dialog: not my thing, you know.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: But my dad said he’1l pick you up this
dialog: Saturday around five...
text: The Bully-Jocks beat up on Oliver - it’s routine. Jeff slips
text: away, abandoning the scene for his own safety.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - AFTERNOON
text: Lionel pulls into the driveway in his gray 1974 AMC Pacer. He
text: grabs his leather briefcase and heads inside.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - CONTINUOUS
text: Lionel looks for Jeff around the house. He finds Dave in the
text: den watching Family Feud on TV.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Hi, Dave. So where’s your brother?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I think he’s in his lab. Been there
dialog: for hours.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: And your mother?
text: Dave shrugs.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: E/I. HUT - AFTERNOON
text: LIONEL SWINGS OPEN THE DOOR AND BARGES IN. Jeff is busy
text: examining rodent bones. The fetal pig is in a jar labeled:
dialog: Baby Pig.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Dad, you’re never home this early.
text: Realizing the breadth of the dead animal collection, Lionel
text: SNATCHES several jars for a closer look.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad!?!
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: That’s enough, Jeff.
text: Lionel leaves with the jars. Jeff's confused, but his
text: attention quickly returns to the bone fragments.
text: Suddenly, Lionel impetuously PULLS THE DOOR OFF THE HINGES.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Dad! ?!
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: You're spending too much time in here.
text: With a burst of adrenaline, Lionel stiff-arms Jeff to keep
text: away and starts pulling more jars from the hut.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Don’t, don’t...
text: A moment later; Lionel dumps the jars in the trash can.
text: Jeff impotently circles the hut as Lionel continues to empty
text: it of its jars, acid, and other contents. Jeff moves to save
dialog: some and prevent his father--
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: (assertive)
dialog: I let you have a pet cemetery when you
dialog: were a kid, but then this...
text: Dave has wandered over and watches from a distance.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (CONT’D)
dialog: You need, Jeff, to come out, to come
dialog: out of your shell, something more
dialog: normal.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I’m in the band. I’m--
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: You're not hearing me.
text: Lionel drags out the work table.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t understand what happened...
text: He pushes and sways the hut, loosening its construction. He
text: tears it apart until it COLLAPSES, revealing Jeff shuddering
text: with fear. Jeff's most contained obsession is now history.
text: Lionel catches his breath. Jeff and Dave stand around and
text: look at the flattened hut as Lionel drags the trashcan away.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - BACK YARD - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jeff hides the contents of one jar (which he clearly swiped)
text: behind a tree. He covers the bones with leaves.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - KITCHEN
text: Lionel, Jeff, and Dave pick at leftovers for dinner. Dave
text: hums as he eats, while Jeff pouts. Joyce is absent.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: You always liked performing as a kid.
dialog: Jeff, maybe... how about doing
dialog: theater? Or something else? Any of it
dialog: could... At least help your acceptance
dialog: to college.
dialog: Silence.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - CLASS ROOM - DAY
text: Jeff keeps to himself, head lowered, in the back of class.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - DAY
text: Jeff eats by himself. SCHOOL SPIRIT approaches, gregarious.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL SPIRIT
dialog: Wanna sign up for Key Club?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: We're looking for new recruits who can
dialog: be active over the summer. Just
dialog: because school’s out, it doesn’t mean
dialog: we stop helping people in our
dialog: community. Would you like to help
dialog: others in your community?
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Derf, Kent, and Mike are joined by buddy NEIL, also a
text: jokester but the most empathetic of the bunch. They take
text: turns tossing a broken bike pedal into a garbage pail, like a
dialog: game of horse, wasting time...
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: We're still trapped in this wasteland
dialog: for another year.
text: Jeff creeps past.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: I know - it might drive me crazy.
dialog: Senior year’s going to suck, I’m ready
dialog: to get out.
text: Jeff starts to approach, hoping to join in their game. A
text: tense TEACHER pops out of the side door--
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Hey, are you in an after-school
dialog: program?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Not right now--
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Tennis season is over.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Marching band is only in the fall--
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Well then, get off school grounds. The
dialog: day’s over. You can’t be hanging
dialog: around with nothing to do. Go, get...
text: Derf, Kent, Mike and Neil withdraw, tittering. None of them
text: notice Jeff nearby. He cuts the other way.
text: Figg body checks Jeff.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Wanna catch a buzz?
text: Cupped in Figg’s hand is a joint.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: FIGG (CONT'D)
text: Straight off the boat. Seven bucks.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Yesterday, I freakin toked-up and hit
text: a thousand in mailbox baseball.
text: Hesitantly considering it, Jeff checks his pockets. They’re
text: empty except for a PLASTIC BAG.
speaker_heading: FIGG (CONT'D)
dialog: Why the bag, dude?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I pick up roadkill, but I’m trying to
dialog: quit.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: I’1l get you roadkill. Stick with me.
text: Figg drifts by, already onto his next potential customer.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - FRONT YARD
text: Jeff sits beside the flattened hut. He FONDLES the small,
text: recovered collection of rodent-size bones.
text: Then, the Neighborhood Jogger runs up the street,
text: approaching. Jeff checks his watch as he edges closer to the
text: street. He lurks in the bushes, waiting.
text: The Neighborhood Jogger trots past Jeff's house.
text: Jeff's breathing quickens, excited.
text: Trailing the jogger, Jeff weaves through the bushes.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff JUMPS OUT onto the shoulder of the road. He scurries,
text: hesitantly, up the incline CHASING AFTER THE JOGGER.
text: Further up the slope, the jogger passes Wendy Watkins (the
text: prom queen wannabe). She’s retrieving mail. Her IRISH SETTER
text: yaps at the jogger’s heels. She pulls at the leash.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I’m so sorry, so sorry.
text: Jeff slows, keeping a distance. He watches the jogger run
text: away. Checks his watch once again.
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - JEFF & DAVE'’S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: Jeff stares out the window, eyes locked on a squirrel staring
text: right back at him, frozen on a branch. Lionel drops by.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Stu-studying for finals.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Can I have a minute? Look, I went
dialog: through it too. It’s completely
dialog: normal. Puberty is this period when
dialog: your sex glands become functional and
dialog: your hypothalamus signals hormonal
dialog: changes that stimulate the pituitary.
dialog: Then, the gonads and testis... anyway,
dialog: it’s an awkward time. You mustn’t
dialog: forget all boys go through it too, not
dialog: just you, so there’s no reason to be
dialog: shy.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That’s not it, Dad.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Try me. I spoke to someone at work
dialog: about - I’m ready to listen.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Most everyone's known me since
dialog: elementary school, they’re not going
dialog: to change their minds now. It’1l be
dialog: easier after I graduate.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: But you can’t - look... okay... the
dialog: hut... You have to understand, Jeff, I
dialog: just get mad at you sometimes because
dialog: I see in you things I don’t like about
dialog: myself. I spend too much time in the
dialog: chemistry lab, I know. I just want you
dialog: to be more active than I was, have
dialog: friends in a way I never really...
dialog: so... I have something.
text: Lionel steps away. He returns and presents TWO DUMBBELLS.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (CONT’D)
dialog: I picked these up at The Summit Mall.
dialog: It'll help, I think.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: You'll be more impressive, you might
dialog: find it rewarding. And maybe some girl
dialog: might notice you. Right? Okay?
text: Jeff stares back, blankly. Lionel sets the dumbbells down and
text: withdraws. Jeff pushes them away with his heel.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - JEFF & DAVE’S BEDROOM - THAT NIGHT
text: Jeff hears his parents bickering again.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
dialog: You have to start somewhere--
speaker_heading: LIONEL (0.S.)
dialog: It makes no sense. It’s ugly. How
dialog: much?
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
dialog: Just a hundred and twenty-five
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: LIONEL (0.S.)
dialog: For a pink fucking foot stool? That’s
dialog: ludicrous, Joyce!
text: DESPERATE KNOCKS at the door. Jeff has placed the dumbbells
text: as doorstops. He moves them away and lets in Dave. Jeff peaks
dialog: out:
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I think we should divorce.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Divorce!?! Over this foot stool?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: YOU DON’T BELIEVE ME?
text: Jeff barges out.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff SNAPS, vehemently knocking over a lamp.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Will you stop! Stop it.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Jeff.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Stop. Fighting. Seriously.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Dammit. This doesn’t concern you.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Go to your room, Jeff.
text: Jeff stews, staring at them. Odd panting. The room is tight
text: with tension. Then, Jeff obediently retreats.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - JEFF & DAVE'’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff locks the door. Eyes well up with tears. A jumble of
text: emotions. He returns one dumbbell to the door and takes the
text: other one to his bed. Dave watches as Jeff starts doing bicep
text: curls, furiously.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: BATH, OHIO during a carefree July day.
text: TEENAGERS roam on bicycles.
text: CHILDREN play in a park.
text: KIDS jump into the town pool.
scene_heading: EXT. BATH TOWNSHIP PARK & POOL - TENNIS COURTS - DAY
text: Jeff rallies with Neil. Jeff hits a winning forehand.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Wow, nice slice. Why didn’t you hit
dialog: like that last season?
text: Jeff shrugs, not comfortable with compliments, as he fetches
text: balls. Neil fetches his water.
speaker_heading: NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m heading over to the pool to cool
dialog: off. Wanna come?
text: Jeff considers it, then shakes his head no.
speaker_heading: NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah, C’mon.
scene_heading: EXT. BATH TOWNSHIP PUBLIC POOL - DAY
text: Jeff treads water in the deep end. Fixated on a group of
text: young boys frolicking nearby. He goggles at their lean,
text: weightless bodies glistening in the water.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Jeff, Jeff, move over. I’m gonna dive
dialog: right on you.
text: Jeff swims away.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - JEFF & DAVE'’S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Jeff sits at the edge of his bed doing more bicep curls.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Jeff sets a small, makeshift trap. He eyes a squirrel nearby.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - FRONT YARD - DAY
text: Several seniors paint “Class of ‘78 Rules” on the school
text: rock. In the b.g., Jeff walks through the front entrance.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Jeff trudges down the hall. He’s taller and more muscular
text: after a growth spurt and summer spent lifting weights. He now
text: fits into his father’s hand-me-down dress shirt and slacks,
text: and carries his old, leather briefcase. In contrast to the
text: colorful 70s fashion in full bloom, this, ironically, casts a
text: studious appearance to teachers scanning the halls.
scene_heading: INT. HISTORY CLASS - DAY
text: MR. FEDELE, a jovial scatterbrain, struggles to get command
dialog: of his classroom.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE
dialog: Everyone, quiet down. I know it’s
dialog: exciting to catch up after summer
dialog: break.
text: Jeff is detached in the back row.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE (CONT’D)
dialog: I have rules, I must go over, I have
dialog: rules. Your attention, students.
text: But no one in class really cares. Fedele’s weak reputation
text: precedes him. Students pass notes and gossip. Derf doodles a
text: cartoon of Fedele for an audience of onlookers.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE (CONT’D)
dialog: That’s enough. Quiet. Alright, good.
dialog: Thank you.
text: Mr. Fedele starts passing out textbooks from the stack.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE (CONT’D)
dialog: Your senior year American History
dialog: Honors class will focus on Federal
dialog: Government and our Presidents. Why is
dialog: history important?
text: Mr. Fedele notices Jeff hunkered down in the back.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE (CONT’D)
dialog: You. Why is history important?
text: Jeff mumbles.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE (CONT’D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Uh, it’s important... dunno.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE
dialog: You all must speak clearly.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: (mumbling, like a moan)
dialog: I dunno.
text: Chortles from students. Derf turns. Jeff mumbles again - this
text: time intentionally for attention. Laughter escalates. The
text: reaction surprises Jeff. He smirks, then:
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: BRRRRRAAAA dunno.
text: Laughter ERUPTS.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE
dialog: Quiet! Let me answer. We can only
dialog: really know about ourselves if we come
dialog: to better understand our past. Turn to
dialog: page ten in your new text books.
scene_heading: INT. HISTORY CLASS - LATER
text: RIIING. The period bell halts Fedele’s lecture. Kids head for
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE
dialog: Wait, before you forget, take a
dialog: permission slip and packets home for
dialog: our spring trip to DC. Everyone must
dialog: get a parent to sign it.
dialog: 26.
text: A fellow student approvingly pats Jeff on the shoulder as
text: they head out. Jeff grins.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - AFTERNOON
text: A DRAMA GEEK finishes her audition song:
speaker_heading: DRAMA GEEK
dialog: If happy little bluebirds fly beyond
dialog: the rainbow, Why, oh why can’t I?
speaker_heading: MUSICAL DIRECTOR
dialog: Thank you, very nice, Melody,
dialog: beautiful as always.
dialog: (scanning the audition sign-
dialog: up sheet)
text: Next up, Oliver Zlatka.
text: Oliver scampers onto the stage.
text: Jeff is in the audience, slouched in a seat against the wall.
speaker_heading: MUSICAL DIRECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi, Oliver. Apologies. Unfortunately,
dialog: I was instructed by the PTA to do a
dialog: musical this year, to be more
dialog: inclusive.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (sings off key)
text: Somewhere over the rainbow, way up
dialog: high, There’s a land that I’ve heard
text: of, once in a lullaby.
text: Jeff wipes nervous beads of sweat from his forehead.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT'D)
text: Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are
dialog: blue, And the dreams...
text: Oliver stops himself, knowing his audition is awful. An
text: awkward silence. Oliver exits the auditorium, head down.
speaker_heading: MUSICAL DIRECTOR
text: Next up. Jeff Dahmer.
text: Musical Director waits. No one comes on stage.
speaker_heading: MUSICAL DIRECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Jeff Dahmer?
text: Those scattered around the seats look around. Jeff covers his
text: face. A look of self-doubt comes over him. He slips out.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MUSICAL DIRECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, lost your chance. Next up is
dialog: Alan Tomczak.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - LIBRARY - DAY
text: Jeff sits at a reading table scanning the quiet scene. He
text: studies a pack of STUDENTS doing homework at another table. A
text: light bulb goes off...
text: Jeff GROWLS. LOUDER AND LOUDER, evolving into a widespread
text: moan. Shoulders jerk up.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: ... Baaaaaaa! Arrrr! Baaaaa!
text: Totally unexpected, the other students laugh.
text: MRS. WOODARD, the irascible librarian, STORMS IN from a book
text: aisle. Finds everyone reading, swallowing their amusement.
scene_heading: MRS. WOODARD
dialog: Who did that!?
text: She beelines it over to the table of snickering students.
speaker_heading: MRS. WOODARD (CONT’D)
dialog: Was it you? Behave yourself or get out
dialog: of my library.
text: They remain tight-lipped. Mrs. Woodard looks around, then
text: returns to her chores filing away books. Again, it goes
dialog: quiet... then:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (moaning)
dialog: Brrra! Thmaaa!
text: More snickers. Mrs. Woodard bursts in, again. She’s FUMING.
dialog: Still no clue--
scene_heading: MRS. WOODARD
dialog: Who keeps making that noise?
text: Jeff lowers his head. A smirk creeps across his face. Feeling
text: a connection to the other kids.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - MAIN HALLWAY - DAY
text: Jeff passes Neil and his friends, including Derf, and hints:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hey man, watch this.
dialog: 28.
text: Jeff steps into the middle of the main hallway and throws a
dialog: sudden, sprawling
scene_heading: EPILEPTIC-LIKE FIT
text: His arms FLAIL. His tongue wags out of his mouth. It’s
text: hilarious and bizarre.
text: A crowd gathers. Laughter and cheers.
text: Derf, Neil, Mike, and Kent rush over for a front row view.
text: Widespread laughter from the swelling crowd. Though, a few
text: straight-laced kids flee in confusion.
text: Jeff continues spazzing, center stage.
text: RIIING. Students scurry off to class. Yet, Jeff continues
text: flailing for a few stragglers. Appreciating the display, Derf
dialog: is one of the very last to split.
text: Becomes an empty hallway. Only then, Jeff gets up and heads
text: to class himself, pleased with the result.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - LATER
text: Classrooms empty out at the end of another period. Derf,
text: Neil, Kent, and Mike gather at their lockers.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Dude, what’s the dealio with Dahmer?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Is he insane or what?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: I think he’s hilarious.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Yeah. That’s new.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Heard he spazzed in Math too.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: For the last couple of days, he’s been
dialog: doing a Dahmer, I call it.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: I’ve never really spoken to him.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: We rally in tennis but that’s it.
dialog: 29.
text: Kent nudges Derf. There’s Jeff shuffling past. They give him
text: a thumbs up. Jeff BLEEPS back--
speaker_heading: JEFF
speaker_heading: BAAAAAA.
text: They’re amused.
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM - DAY
text: Gym class. Two Team Captains pick players for dodgeball.
speaker_heading: TEAM CAPTAIN
dialog: And I’1l take Backderf.
text: A couple more names are called. Jeff and a scrawny kid are
text: the last ones left. Scrawny is picked.
speaker_heading: TEAM CAPTAIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Uh, alright... I guess we got Doofus
dialog: Dahmer.
text: The teams take their sides, readying for play. COACH NATALE
text: whistles. A mad rush to the balls.
text: A BLITZKRIEG OF BALLS FLY in Jeff's direction, along with
text: insults. He’s quickly obliterated. He crosses to the
text: sideline. More balls strike him in the head.
speaker_heading: COACH NATALE
dialog: (tardy)
text: No headhunting.
text: Moments later; as the game continues, Derf is also out.
dialog: Together on the sidelines:
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Doesn't it bother you? The way some of
dialog: them talk about you, right to your
dialog: face?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Used to it. Somehow I’1l get ‘em back.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Won’t get any better for these psycho-
dialog: stoner losers. At least our best days
dialog: are ahead of us.
text: Jeff nods, though uncertain.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - DAY
text: Jeff sits alone. Derf drops by.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Hey, Dahmer. Curious if you want to
dialog: join us at our table.
text: Jeff turns. He sees Neil and other band nerd buddies
text: watching, waiting for Jeff's response.
speaker_heading: DERF (CONT'D)
dialog: No reason a champion spazzer has to
dialog: sit here in hell. C’mon over. We got
text: parking lot views.
text: Jeff takes his tray and follows Derf to his table. Neil pulls
text: out a seat for Jeff. They welcome him with Dahmerisms -
speaker_heading: BAAAA, THMAAAA, etc.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Kudos on your freakin’ spazzes, dude.
dialog: Totally classic.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: We dig it.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Where'd you get the idea?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I dunno.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: C'mon, man.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Dude, like, you know what it reminds
dialog: me of. There’s this decorator in town
dialog: that my parents hired. He used to have
dialog: little fits in our living room, til my
dialog: toads fired him.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Mr. Burlman. Yeah, my mom hired him
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Knew it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: After five months, all he added is an
text: ugly pink foot stool.
text: They laugh.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: (spazzes)
text: And lacey dwapes.
text: They laugh harder.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Where have you been? I say we form The
dialog: Dahmer Fan Club.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Yeah.
text: Jeff brightens.
speaker_heading: DERF (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s just so much time left. And
dialog: with Dahmer as our fearless leader, I
dialog: really think we can disrupt Revere
dialog: High and ensure we go out in style.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: In infamy.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Yeah, and if we don’t, I’m gonna do
dialog: something crazy like kill the Pope.
text: Jeff smiles, likely for the first time in school in ages.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: I already...
text: (flips through his
dialog: notebook )
dialog: Drew you.
text: Derf shows his cartoonish drawing “Dahmer as a Telephone
text: Pole” of Jeff stiff & upright. Compliments for the humorous
text: depiction. Jeff relishes the attention.
speaker_heading: DERF (CONT'D)
dialog: And as part of the Dahmer Fan Club, I
dialog: appoint myself The Minister of
dialog: Propaganda.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Derf hurries to color in some last minute touches on a hand-
text: drawn poster. A subversive chuckle to himself. Bandmates
text: retrieve him and pull at him.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Derf, we’re late. C’mon.
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Pep rally. Cheerleaders prance around in unison. The football
text: team files onto the court in their new jerseys.
text: The Marching Band is stacked into the bleachers, beside the
text: rest of the student body. They play the quintessential pep
text: rally song. Derf plays tuba. Kent on bass drum. Hoisted on
text: the wall above them is Derf’s poster. It’s a large cartoon of
text: an angry running back stomping Jeff Dahmer flat on his back.
text: It reads: GO MINUTEMEN! CRUSH THE COMETS! (A speech bubble
dialog: reads: BAAAAA!)
text: Several rows ahead, Jeff plays trumpet. Once the song ends,
text: Jeff glances back at his large cartoon. Gives a thumbs up to
dialog: Derf.
text: Center court, the officious VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI takes
text: the microphone.
scene_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI
dialog: Thank you, Revere High Marching Band!
dialog: Be proud Minutemen!
text: Cheers & applause from the bleachers. A couple of psycho-
text: stoners taunt Oliver, wearing sneakers decorated with school
dialog: colors.
scene_heading: PSYCHO-STONER
dialog: Hey, gay boy, aren’t you supposed to
dialog: be up there with the cheerleaders?
text: Psycho-stoner shoves Oliver off his seat. Oliver fumbles
text: before finding another seat two rows back, fleeing conflict.
speaker_heading: COACH NATALE
dialog: (takes the mic.)
dialog: Hello, Minutemen! Are you ready for a
dialog: winning season? Some of these guys
dialog: have been playing ball together since
dialog: grade school, and they’ve been
dialog: preparing for this season their whole
dialog: lives. Let’s hear it for Team Captain
dialog: Hirsch.
text: The Cheerleaders lead a cheer as the Team Captain takes
text: center court, but instead The Dahmer Fan Club hails:
speaker_heading: THE DAHMER FAN CLUB
dialog: Go Dahmer! Dahmer Rules!
dialog: 33.
text: Kent pounds on his drum. Derf blows his tuba, off tune. From
text: the stands, other periphery members disrupt. Among them:
speaker_heading: NEIL/MIKE
scene_heading: BRAAAAAAA. MRAAAAA. THMAAAAAA.
text: Just as Team Captain/Quarterback Hirsch is about to speak--
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Go Dahmer!
text: Jeff hoists the bell of his trumpet upward and BLOWS A LONG,
text: SCREECHING CRY that drowns out the Team Captain’s opening
text: remarks. Laughter erupts.
speaker_heading: COACH NATALE
dialog: Cut that out, kid.
text: Musical Director is frozen in shock. A hush runs through the
text: crowd. Jeff daringly BLOWS ANOTHER UNRULY SCREECH, rousing
text: more band members to copy and make noise.
text: Balderelli jumps into action and climbs into the stands.
scene_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI
dialog: What’s your name?
text: Balderelli GRABS Jeff by the arm and drags him off the line.
text: The Dahmer Fan Club and others applaud the disturbance.
text: Balderelli leads Jeff to the door--
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
scene_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI
dialog: What’s your name?
text: Before Jeff can stutter out an answer--
speaker_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI (CONT’D)
dialog: I have bigger fish to fry. You hear me
dialog: kid?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I didn’t, I didn’t...
text: Vice Principal Balderelli returns inside, pulling the door
text: closed behind him. The door locks, leaving Jeff outside.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - WOODED FRONT YARD - DAY
text: Jeff waits in the bushes. Eagerness in his eyes. Palpitating
text: with anticipation. He hears him coming - HUFF! HUFF! - up the
dialog: hill.
dialog: 34.
text: The Neighborhood Jogger trots by, muscles pulsing, chest out,
text: hair bouncing above his headband.
text: Jeff stares, mouth agape. TITILLATED...
text: Then, just as quickly, the jogger breezes by up the hill and
text: Jeff deflates... his mood shifts to shame and confusion.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: The Dahmer Fan Club pal around near their lockers. A group of
text: HOT GIRLS mingle nearby.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: They’re totally out of our league.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: I know, a primo target. Someone do a
dialog: Dahmer, do a Dahmer.
text: Jeff is more than willing to impress. He hands over his
text: textbooks and runs up the hallway, FLAILING his arms.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: Hurricane drill. HURRICANE DRILL.
text: He spooks the girls, but runs right past them. His spazz
text: culminates outside the TEACHER’S LOUNGE.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Help, help!
text: Yet, the teachers are disinterested, mere head shakes.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: So wrong, it’s so wrong...
text: Jeff continues to spazz, gaining no further attention from
text: the adults, as he continues flailing out the back door.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Where’s he going!?
text: In hysterics, The Dahmer Fan Club high five.
scene_heading: INT. ENGLISH CLASS - DAY
text: The hungover ENGLISH TEACHER rests his head on his desk. The
text: blackboard reads: Today’s Assign., Read Machiavelli’s The
dialog: Prince, Chap 1 & 2. QUIETLY. THANK YOU!
text: Derf draws a cartoon - “Dahmer in a Bag of Groceries.” PENNY,
text: plainly cute & keenly observant, looks on.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Is Dahmer your muse?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: What? No.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Sure looks like it. You’re talented.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Why don’t you sketch me?
text: Derf blushes.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (nearby, interjecting)
dialog: I can draw you.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Let's see.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Okay... first, get out of your chair.
text: And lay down on the floor.
text: Chuckles. Penny actually follows his direction and sits on
text: the floor. Jeff retrieves chalk from the side blackboard.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Lay down. And act dead.
text: Penny lies back, into a corpse position.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: What are you, a necrophiliac?
text: More chuckles. The teacher adjusts his napping position--
scene_heading: ENGLISH TEACHER
dialog: Shhhh. Keep reading.
text: Jeff traces Penny’s body in chalk. Everyone gathers around.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: There. Ta-da.
text: Laughter erupts. The hungover English Teacher snaps up.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: ENGLISH TEACHER
dialog: Quiet. What did I say!?! Quiet.
text: Everyone snickers and returns to his/her seat. Jeff grins,
text: relishing in his role.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - AFTERNOON
text: Returning home, Jeff has a jump in his step. He passes his
text: brother practicing wheelies on his banana seat bicycle.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey, Jeff, wanna play?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Can’t, got some friends coming over.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff breezes through the kitchen, looking around.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Dad, Mom? I have good news.
text: He hears some RETCH-LIKE SOUNDS, squashing his enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM AREA
text: Joyce leans against the wall, quivering. Unaware Jeff is
text: watching, she takes a cocktail of pills and swallows them
text: with a pinch of water, growling.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom... Mom...
text: She turns to him, trembling. She BLEEPS, reminiscent of his
dialog: school time spazzes--
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Jjjeffft.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: M-mom, I thought you stopped. Wh-why
dialog: don’t you--
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Shhh-shhh-uuuuu--
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Go back - go back to the doctor?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I’d ruther shooot myself than go back
dialog: there. Arrrrr - don’t need...
dialog: 37.
text: Joyce drops down onto the sofa, still twitching.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I thought you weren’t--
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Doctors don’t know what I need. Shhh,
dialog: I've been taking these since I was
dialog: pregnant with you, just shhh, leave me
dialog: alone.
text: She rests her face in a pillow, sweating. She sighs, waiting
dialog: for the side effects to lessen.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Derf and Neil arrive in Derf’s rusted Chevy Vegas. They idle
text: during the last measures of Devo’s “Mongoloid,” then get out
text: and head to the front door.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: How can you like that punk crap?
speaker_heading: DERF
text: Devo’s from right down the street. At
dialog: least I don’t listen to that Kiss crap
dialog: like Kent. So Junior High.
text: They knock, then realize it’s unlocked. They head inside.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff rushes toward Derf and Neil and ushers them back out.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hey. Why don’t we hang outside?
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Thought we were hanging in your den? I
dialog: brought some bootlegs.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well, uh, my Mom’s resting.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: So.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: And, kind of embarrassed by the pink
text: foot stool and lace drapes.
text: They chuckle.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Are you in the new club?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: What, huh?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That’s my brother. Get lost.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: My dad keeps telling Jeff he should
dialog: join some new clubs.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Beat it, Dave.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Hey, doesn’t Wendy Watkins live just
dialog: down the street? Heard she still lives
text: at home, even though she graduated.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Are you friends?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: She doesn’t know I exist.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Great!
scene_heading: EXT. WATKINS FAMILY HOME - DAY
text: Jeff, Derf, and Neil edge closer to the house.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Which is her bedroom window?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Watch this, chumps.
text: Neil heads to the front door and rings the bell. He puts on a
text: serious face. Derf and Jeff hide behind a bush to watch from
text: afar. Wendy answers the door. Her Irish Setter at her side.
speaker_heading: NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m here for the interview.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Huh? They said you agreed to be
dialog: interviewed. I write for the Revere
dialog: High newspaper.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: The Lantern?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Yep, doing a story on past homecoming
dialog: queens.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Guess I could spare ten minutes.
text: Derf and Jeff pop out of the bushes to join.
speaker_heading: WENDY (CONT’D)
dialog: Wait a sec. This some kind of joke?
text: Neil breaks his poker face. Wendy shoos him away. Neil, Derf,
text: and Jeff scatter, laughing.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - FRONT YARD —- DAY
text: Derf, Mike, and Kent jokingly push Jeff toward a group of
text: students gathering around the painted school rock.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Stop it. I’m not, no way, no.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: C’mon, make your dad proud.
text: SWISH PAN to THE ROCK CLIMBING CLUB posing for their Yearbook
text: Photo. Neil adjusts the camera on the tripod.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: So this is everyone for the Rock
dialog: Climbing Club’s Yearbook photo?
scene_heading: ROCK CLIMBING CLUB MEMBER
dialog: Yep.
text: Neil focuses the camera. Now in the b.g., Jeff continues to
text: resist The Dahmer Fan Club’s shoves. Neil snaps the photo,
text: capturing The DFC’s antics in the frame.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Excellent!
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - CLASS ROOMS - MONTAGE CONTINUES
text: The Dahmer Fan Club prods Jeff into the Student Council
text: Yearbook photo. Jeff is less resistant. Neil snaps a photo.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Hey, Jeff.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (self-consciously)
dialog: Hey, Oliver.
text: THE DAHMER FAN CLUB slip Jeff into The Lantern photo.
text: JEFF STEPS INTO the KEY CLUB photo. Neil snaps the picture.
text: JEFF STANDS in the DISCO CLUB photo. He’s the only one not
text: imitating Travolta’s iconic pose.
text: Jeff blankly stares at the camera in THE DEBATE TEAM photo.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff slips into the back row of the NATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY
text: photo. Near him stand Derf, Kent, and Mike. Other club
text: members notice Jeff in line.
scene_heading: NATIONAL HONOR STUDENT
dialog: He’s not in National Honor Society.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Shut your piehole.
text: In the aisle, Neil lines up the framing and directs a Teacher
text: on how to snap the photo, then runs ahead to step into place.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: On the count of three, smile everyone.
dialog: One. Two. Three.
text: Everyone smiles, except Jeff who blankly stares ahead. CLICK.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - NIGHT
text: Jeff and Neil enter. They find Lionel at the dining table,
dialog: focused on work papers.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Dad, you'd be proud. I’m in a bunch of
dialog: new clubs. Great for my college
dialog: application.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: That's great, son. Which ones?--
text: Joyce races by and lifts Lionel’s briefcase off the table.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: It doesn’t go here.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: JESUS CHRIST, JOYCE, I’m working, give
dialog: that back. Joyce. DAMMIT, JOYCE!
text: Jeff is embarrassed by his parents’ outburst. Sensing the
text: tension, Neil cordially retreats.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Uh. Jeff, actually, I gotta get home
dialog: for dinner. See you in school. Don’t
dialog: let the fame go to your head.
text: Jeff lowers his head as Neil leaves.
scene_heading: INT. KENT’S FAMILY HOME - FURNISHED BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: The Dahmer Fan Club hang out. Jeff is fascinated - if not
text: obsessed - with a mounted deer head.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Awesome. What do you think they do
dialog: with the insides?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I dunno, weirdo. You mean venison?
text: While others flip through a titty mag.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Like these girls are as old as my mom.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I swiped my dad’s collection, what can
dialog: I say?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Dude, just drop by my work and pick
dialog: out some fresh ones. Shhh. I’m
dialog: dialing...
text: Derf dials a number from the yellow pages.
speaker_heading: DERF (CONT'D)
text: It’s ringing.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hehwo? Burlman Intewiors. Do you sell
dialog: swipcovers?
scene_heading: MR. BURLMAN’S VOICE
dialog: Why, yes we doooo!
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: And dwapery? Do you sell dwapes?
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: MR. BURLMAN’S VOICE
dialog: Yes, we have m-m-many colors and
dialog: fabrics--
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: How about animal skins? Zeebwa and
dialog: tiger skins--
scene_heading: MR. BURLMAN’S VOICE
dialog: Hey! You’ve called here befooore.
text: Mr. Burlman hangs up. Derf and his buddies crack up. Though,
text: Jeff's laugh is a discordant, out-of-step cackle.
scene_heading: INT. ACME FRESH MARKET - DAY
text: Derf bags groceries on the register line. Dropping by, Jeff
text: and Mike wave in his direction and head straight for the
scene_heading: MAGAZINE & STATIONARY AISLE
text: Mike scans titty mags on display, and pulls out an Easyriders
text: Magazine. He slips it into a Mad Magazine. Derf joins.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Good timing, my shift just ended.
text: Inside, glossy photos of topless women straddling
text: motorcycles. They bury their heads, googly eyed. Jeff drifts
text: away, concealing his disinterest.
text: A MOTHER WITH SHOPPING CART passes, forcing Derf and Mike to
text: hide the magazines for a moment.
speaker_heading: DERF (CONT'D)
dialog: If you gonna, buy it tucked in like
dialog: that, but don’t get caught.
text: From the next aisle, Jeff POPS his head over the shelf--
speaker_heading: JEFF
speaker_heading: BAAAAAAAA.
text: Startling them. They hear more spastic GRUNTS and BLEEPS,
text: fading into the distance. They scurry to get a better look.
speaker_heading: PRODUCE SECTION
text: Jeff throws a spontaneous EPILEPTIC-LIKE SPAZZ, for its own
dialog: sake, spooking a MOTHER & CHILD.
text: Jeff KNOCKS OVER a pyramid presentation of fresh apples. Derf
text: and Mike, as witness, snort and fall over laughing.
dialog: 43.
text: This encourages Jeff to go further. He swipes a stack of
text: oranges. Tears apart a cabbage.
text: He FLAILS and GRUNTS on the floor. Shoppers watch in dismay.
text: STORE MANAGER bolts over.
speaker_heading: STORE MANAGER
dialog: What’s going on!? What’s going on?!
text: Undeterred, Jeff continues WRITHING HIS BODY.
speaker_heading: STORE MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Stop this. Get up!
text: Store Manager grabs Jeff's shirt but gets entangled in his
text: spazz and tumbles over, falling on Jeff. They TUSSLE. Store
text: Manager wrestles his way free, then hoists Jeff to his feet.
speaker_heading: STORE MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: You have any respect for property? Any
dialog: sense of decency, young man?!
text: Jeff evades the Store Manager’s scowl.
speaker_heading: STORE MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: You hear me? What’s your name?
text: Jeff grunts an indiscernible reply.
speaker_heading: STORE MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s your name? Huh?
text: Jeff bleeps another reply.
speaker_heading: STORE MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Who put you up to this?
text: Store Manager notices Derf and Mike tucked behind the fresh
text: corn and cabbage, muffling their laughter. He darts right to
text: Derf. Jeff dusts himself off and bows.
speaker_heading: STORE MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Mr. Backderf. Is this your doing?
text: Jeff and Mike flee the scene, stolen titty magazines in hand.
scene_heading: EXT. ACME FRESH MARKET - PARKING LOT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jeff and Mike head toward Derf’s Chevy Vegas to wait it out.
text: Derf emerges from the store, bundling up his work apron.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Oh shit. Did you get fired?
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Almost. Begged him I had nothing to do
dialog: with it, need that money for college.
dialog: That’s it. Jeff, we can’t do that
dialog: stuff in public, gonna get squashed by
dialog: the damn adults. It’s different -
dialog: teachers are zombies.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yep, alright.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: School’s safe.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hey dude, that’s Doctor York. Doctor
dialog: York!
text: DOCTOR YORK steps out of his shiny foreign car. Doctor York
text: is the Neighborhood Jogger. Jeff turns demure, stiffens up.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Doctor York. What’s shakin’?
scene_heading: NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: Hi Michael. How are your parents?
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: Deathly ill.
scene_heading: NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: What? My gosh, how come?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Just jiving ya. They’re good.
scene_heading: NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: And that cough of yours?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Went away, pretty quickly actually.
scene_heading: NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: Great, be good. Stay out of trouble.
text: Dr. York/Neighborhood Jogger heads toward the grocery store.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: He runs past my house every Monday,
dialog: Wednesday, Saturday.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Um, okay. He holds my balls when I
dialog: cough. Beat that, faggot.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Sounds like you dig it.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Spazz.
text: Derf nudges Jeff, and they amble off.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: Lionel pulls in. A brown Oldsmobile Omega is already parked
text: in the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lionel places down his briefcase on the kitchen counter and
text: heads into the den where Jeff and Dave watch CHiPS.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Who’s over? One of your friends, Jeff?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (barges in, stands proud)
dialog: I bought it.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Only two thousand miles.
text: Joyce steps away, drawing Lionel into the living room.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: (follows after her)
dialog: With what?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I’m financing it, not to worry.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I laid down a deposit, how else?
text: Jeff shields Dave as they eavesdrop from around the corner.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Without discussing it? Give me back my
dialog: checkbook, that was for groceries and--
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: My name’s on it.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: You're returning it tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: Over my dead body. It’s final sale.
text: Lionel stews. Then digs deep into a cabinet and pulls out a
text: dusty bottle of scotch.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: I need a drink.
text: Lionel washes down his anger with a swig and steps outside,
text: ignoring her.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DECK - CONTINUOUS
text: Lionel takes in the fresh air, drink in hand. He gazes out as
text: Joyce continues to pace inside. Her harsh words are muffled
text: by the window.
text: Jeff joins his father. They share a quiet moment interrupted
text: by the call of a bird.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Hear that? A Red-Eyed Vireo or a Black-
dialog: Billed Cuckoo. Either way, they only
dialog: nest in the same place for one year...
dialog: not entirety.
text: Lionel’s mind goes elsewhere. Jeff seizes the opportunity and
text: sneaks a sip of his dad’s scotch.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: A huddle of SLACKERS chug beers. Figg lights up a joint.
speaker_heading: SNARKY SLACKER
dialog: Dude, keep an eye out for Balderelli.
dialog: That Vice Principal is a freakin’
dialog: henchman. Been giving us the hairy
dialog: eyeball. Hear what he did to Finch?
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Who cares?
dialog: (passing around a joint)
dialog: Reefer High Pride, Man.
text: Jeff injects himself in the gathering.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (imitating his father)
dialog: I need a drink.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: SNARKY SLACKER
dialog: Alrighty then...
text: The slacker hands over a beer can--
speaker_heading: SNARKY SLACKER (CONT’D)
text: Quick, quick, before the next bell.
text: Jeff gulps it down. RIIING.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: The same pack of slackers & stoners shuffle past Vice
text: Principal Balderelli, who scans for such lowlifes.
scene_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI
dialog: Blakely, I didn’t forget, we got an
dialog: appointment during fifth period.
dialog: Better have your college applications
dialog: ready to look over. Singer, you too.
text: Balderelli smells alcohol and pot in the air. He reaches out
text: and grabs Snarky Slacker on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: SNARKY SLACKER
dialog: Shoot.
scene_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI
dialog: What’s the smell, Mr.?
text: As Jeff slides by, under the radar.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIL’S FAMILY FARM - BACK YARD/POND - DAY
text: Jeff & Derf follow Neil on a trail, with fishing poles.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: How many acres does your dad have?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I think it’s like fifty or sixty. Was
dialog: my grandfather’s farm first.
text: The trail opens up to a clearing.
scene_heading: POND - CONTINUOUS
text: They sit on the edge of the pond and bait their hooks.
speaker_heading: NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Not much of a lake. Hope you guys
dialog: didn’t hope for more. Next winter we
dialog: can get a game of ice hockey going.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I don’t know how to skate.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Me neither.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Anyhoo, there’s sunfish. Whatever we
dialog: catch, we gotta toss ‘em back in.
text: They cast in their lines and wait. It’s tranquil.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: You hear about Victor Cramer? His mom
text: caught him masturbating with a vacuum.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: What? Is he alright?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: With a vacuum? How?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Supposedly, he stuck his wanker - how
dialog: else would you masturbate with a
dialog: vacuum?
text: More time passes...
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: What’s Helen Keller’s favorite color?
dialog: Corduroy.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: What’s the difference between parsley
dialog: and pussy?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DERF
text: No one eats parsley.
text: Jeff gets a tug on his line.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Uh... Hey!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Cool. Ya got one. Reel it in.
text: Jeff REELS IN a pond fish, adding Dahmerisms to the effort
dialog: for their amusement.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: MAAAAAA! BAAAAAA!
text: Jeff FLINGS the sunfish to the ground. It FLOPS AROUND at
text: their feet. Jeff leers at it.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Unhook it, before it dies. Here cut
dialog: the line--
text: Neil hands over a pocketknife. Jeff kneels down and grips the
text: fish. He’s seething, breathing heavily.
text: With one FIERCE STRIKE, Jeff THRUSTS the blade into the fish -
text: THOK! CHOK! CHUNK! - slicing it open, again, again into a
text: bloody, mutilated mess.
speaker_heading: NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell!?! I said throw ‘em
dialog: back!!
text: Jeff stares at the bloody knife.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Sorry...
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: What’d you do that for?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Just wanted to see what it looked
dialog: like.
text: Bloody fish bits at Jeff's knees. Derf and Neil withdraw,
text: disgusted and baffled by his outburst. Off Jeff, his dark
text: rippling reflection in the pond water.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HISTORY CLASS - DAY
text: Penny flirts with Derf, who doodles “Dahmer On The High
text: Seas," a cartoon of Jeff spearfishing for sea monsters. She
text: passes him a note. Derf stops doodling and takes a peak. It’s
text: her phone number. He tucks it away.
text: Jeff enters with a capped Styrofoam cup in hand and plops
text: down at an empty desk nearby. Eyes glazed over.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: What’s in the cup?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (rolls back his head)
dialog: It’s my medicine.
dialog: 50.
text: Mr. Fedele gets the class’s attention and starts.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE
dialog: Alright. As you read in Chapter
dialog: Fifteen, Truman shared the same view
dialog: of politics as James Madison, a
dialog: hundred fifty years earlier.
dialog: Presidential power is the power to
dialog: persuade in a pluralist world where
text: competing factions mobilize and
dialog: counter-mobilize. How so?
text: Kent raises his hand.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: The President must persuade and
dialog: bargain until policy--
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: (whispers, about Jeff)
dialog: Do you smell that?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Yeah, he reeks.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: -- Ultimately arrives at what the
dialog: typical citizen would want.
text: Jeff sits in a daze, drunk.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - BRICK WALL - AFTERNOON
text: Jeff lurks behind some bushes. He drinks from a fifth of
dialog: vodka. Just around the corner--
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - FRONT YARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Derf, Kent, Neil, and other members of the Marching Band hang
text: near an exit door where more band nerds emerge from the Band
text: room. They wait for practice to begin.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: If you think about it, we’re one of
dialog: the few countries not on the metric
dialog: system. That in itself is a
dialog: measurement that isolates us from the
dialog: rest of the world society. It
dialog: epitomizes our foreign policy.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: You're such a pseudo-intellectual.
dialog: 51.
text: Jeff emerges from around the corner. He blends in.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Jeff, where’s you trumpet?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I quit.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yesterday.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah.
text: Figg swings by on his pot-dealing route.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Hey, posers.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: How’s business?
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Want me to kick your ass? Wanna see
dialog: something rad?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Yeah, show us.
text: Figg reveals a pocket knife.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: My dad used this in Germany.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: He fought the Nazis?
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: No, idiot, he was one. He cut a Jew’s
dialog: neck with it.
text: Figg slices into the meat of his hand, showing off. No signs
text: of pain as the incision bleeds. He sucks on it, then smiles
text: for everyone. Blood drips from his teeth like a vampire.
dialog: 52.
text: Derf, Kent, Neil, and others immediately walk away,
text: disgusted. Figg chuckles. Jeff remains behind, captivated.
text: Derf notices and calls back--
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Dahmer, C’mon. Stay away from that
dialog: dude. He’s a psycho-killer, for sure.
text: Jeff runs to catch up to Derf et al.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - TRACK - DAY
text: Gym class. Coach Natale times students running laps. Several
text: psycho-stoners and band nerds slowdown to a walk.
speaker_heading: COACH NATALE
dialog: C’mon boys! Only girls should run ten
dialog: minute miles. Get your legs moving!
text: On the far side of the track, Jeff trots over to Figg.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Can you keep a secret?
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Depends. Who's asking?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I found a new spot in the woods across
dialog: the street from my house, it’s deep
dialog: in, where no one ever goes. Storin’ my
dialog: road kill. And good place to get high.
speaker_heading: COACH NATALE
dialog: Pick it up, pick it up!
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Sounds cool. Let’s check it out.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD CHEVETTE - TRAVELING
text: Figg drives with a joint in hand. Jeff rides shotgun. “Victim
text: of Changes” from Judas Priest on the 8-track. Figg’s hunting
text: knife rattles around in the console between them.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: All my father plays is the same Neil
text: Sedaka album, over and over again.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: (passing the joint)
dialog: That sucks.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Take a right at the cemetery onto West
dialog: Bath Road.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Look!
text: Ahead, a HITCHHIKER sticks out his thumb.
speaker_heading: FIGG (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s - for a hundred points!
text: Figg drifts the car onto the shoulder, heading straight for
text: the hitchhiker. Jeff stiffens up as they barrel towards him.
text: Yet, at the last moment, Figg swerves around the hitchhiker,
text: cackling to himself. Jeff sighs, relieved. In passing, Jeff's
text: eyes lock on the shaken hitchhiker.
text: Figg takes a sharp turn, cutting off Jeff's stare.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - TRAVELING - CONTINUOUS
text: They cruise through a neighborhood. Figg spots a MUTT
text: wandering along the side of the road.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Even better, ahead for fifty points!
text: Figg guns it. In horror, Jeff covers his face.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Don’t...
text: The Chevette hits the mutt. THUMP! One squeal. It’s dead.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD CHEVETTE - CONTINUOUS
text: Figg laughs as the rear tires roll over it. He looks in his
text: rear view mirror and then puts the car in reverse.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Stop.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Extra points.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Don’t, please.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Oh, C'mon. It’s fun.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I said STOP.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Whatever. I’m splitting.
text: Figg speeds away, cranking up the volume on Judas Priest’s
text: jolting “Deceiver.” Jeff's visibly shaken by the incident.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Let me out. Let me out.
speaker_heading: FIGG
dialog: Don’t be stupid, you’re gonna show me
dialog: that spot--
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: NO. I’m going home. I’11 cut through.
text: Figg pulls over. Jeff gets out, all riled up.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - MOMENTS LATER
text: Figg speeds off. The tires spit gravel back at Jeff. But, in
text: his hand is Figg’s knife. Jeff slips into the woods.
scene_heading: INT. NEIL’S FAMILY HOME - BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: The Dahmer Fan Club mess around with an 8mm camera. Jeff
text: arrives, happy to see friends. He approaches like a zombie.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: How about we make a zombie movie in
dialog: your backyard? Call it Ghosts in the
dialog: Graveyard, or something.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: Nah. The camera sucks in low light.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well, you were right, Figg’s crazy.
dialog: But I swiped this off him.
text: Jeff proudly reveals the half-finished joint.
scene_heading: INT. NEIL’S FAMILY HOME - BASEMENT - HALF HOUR LATER
text: All are high. They take drags from a dwindling roach.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: ... Derf’s got the hottest mom.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: What? Gross, no way.
speaker_heading: KENT
text: Neil’s mom is smokin’, so is the car
dialog: she drives.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Jaguar, piece of shit.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Neil’s mom is the hottest.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: I banged her, off the hook.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Yeah right, you did not?
text: They bust up laughing.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: C’mon Kent, haven’t you slept with
dialog: your best friend’s mom? We all have.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Yeah, I have.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I have.
text: In a stoned paranoia, Kent believes them and conforms--
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Yeah, I have.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: No you haven't.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I did. With Mike’s mom.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Liar. When?
text: Kent pauses, thinking.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: C’mon, you haven’t slept with your
dialog: best friend’s mom, really, have you?
dialog: They bust up some more.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I wish I had a best friend.
text: Heads turn. Jeff is sitting upright in the corner.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Gawd Dahmer, I forgot you were over
dialog: there. You freaked me out.
text: Jeff forces a laugh, trying to fit in. It’s buzz kill.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Awkward... Okay then. Let’s raid the
dialog: fridge before my folks get back.
speaker_heading: JEFF
speaker_heading: BRRAAAA?
text: But everyone else is already heading for the stairs. Jeff
text: trails, an insecure tagalong.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Fans file back to their cars after a football game victory.
text: Derf and Kent shed their uniforms & instruments into the
text: trunk of Derf’s Chevy Vegas.
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
text: Derf drives in a circle, going round & around.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: It’s gonna tip! Tip it, tip it.
text: Hollering. A pure teenage waste of time.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - CONTINUOUS
text: Derf’s Vegas slows down as it passes by Jeff's house.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Are you gonna see if he’s in?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Nah.
scene_heading: INT. WHITEY’S BURGER JOINT - DAY
text: Derf, Kent, and Mike play pinball and chow on burgers.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Something about last weekend in Neil’s
dialog: basement creeped me out. Jeff's a
dialog: little off. You know?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: But that’s what we like about him.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You think how we treat him is mean?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: What? Why? No.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Yeah, he seems to enjoy it. If he
dialog: didn’t, he wouldn’t do it. Kent,
dialog: whataya think?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I dunno.
text: Off Derf, as he feverishly flips to save his pinball from
text: going down the gutter.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITEY’S BURGER JOINT - PARKING LOT - DAY
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Who's gettin’ the backseat of pain?
speaker_heading: MIKE/KENT
dialog: I call shotgun...
text: Kent and Mike race through the parking lot and wrestle for
text: the front seat of Derf’s car. Mike wins.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - SAME TIME
text: Distracted, Jeff pitches a ball to Dave, who chokes up on a
text: LOUISVILLE SLUGGER. Dave whiffs, then retrieves the ball.
text: Jeff glances at the road. Jeff pitches again, another whiff.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Dave, you have to swing through it,
text: like a tennis racquet. No, but with
dialog: two hands. Give it, let me show you.
text: Jeff takes the baseball bat. He gets in a batter’s stance to
text: demonstrate when, out of the corner of his eye, he spots the
text: Neighborhood Jogger trotting up the hill. Sparks arousal.
text: Jeff creeps closer to the road, clenches the bat. HUFF! HUFF!
text: The jogger approaches. Thigh muscles flex. Chest pounds.
text: Soiled in sweat.
dialog: 58.
text: Jeff glares at the passing jogger. He unconsciously holds the
text: bat upright & erect.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Jeff, what about me?
text: Breaking Jeff's spell. He drops the bat and heads inside.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - NIGHT
text: Joyce interrupts Dave doing homework. She gives him kisses in
text: a chipper, manipulative manner.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: David, honey, have you thought about
dialog: what’s wrong with your father?
dialog: (Dave shakes his head)
dialog: Well, let me tell you... He’s selfish,
dialog: he’s unreasonable, he’s--
text: Compelled to interject, Jeff approaches. Joyce glares at him.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Why are you being so hard on Dad?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Get away. Has nothing to do with you.
text: Becomes a mother-son stand off. Jeff retreats to his bedroom.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dave, how would you like to live near
dialog: Grandma and Grandpa?
scene_heading: INT. OLD SALEM RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: A local greasy spoon/truck stop. Lionel and his two sons eat
text: dinner in a booth. Lionel looks stressed. Jeff plays with his
dialog: food, garnering confidence to ask:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Dad? Is Mom going back... to the
dialog: hospital?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Why do you ask?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: She's acting a lot like she did before
dialog: she went the last time.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: How so?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: She never talks to me. Or asks how I’m
dialog: doing? Am I in her way?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Don’t be silly. So, are there any
dialog: girls in school that you like?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mom said she’s moving to Wisconsin to
dialog: live with Grandma.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: She did. When?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: She told me, I dunno. Yesterday.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Your mother is doing better. I
dialog: wouldn’t take what she says at face
dialog: value, but she’s doing much better
dialog: than before.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Jeff.
text: Derf with his parents - CAROL & RICHARD BACKDERF - and
text: younger brother pass by, headed to the register.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Mom, Dad, this is my friend Dahmer.
dialog: Jeff Dahmer.
text: Lionel perks up. Parents shake hands, exchanging names.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Where’s Mrs. Dahmer?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
text: She’s home, a bit under the weather.
speaker_heading: DERF
text: Dad, Jeff's dad is also a chemist.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: I’m at The Firestone. After ten years
dialog: at The Goodyear.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Really. I’m at the Goodrich Research
dialog: Center. No longer working on SBRs
dialog: though.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
text: New monomers in the mix.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Just spent a year on macrogalleria.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Well, it’s nice meeting you.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Have a good holiday.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Jeff, did you hear? Oliver Zlatka
dialog: committed suicide two days ago.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Yes, tragic.
speaker_heading: DERF
text: His photo’s in the County Weekly.
text: Richard flashes the front page with OLIVER ZLATKA'’S PHOTO.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: A real shame.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I hear... well, it’s hard for some. He
dialog: was teased, I hear.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I like Oliver. He’s nice.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: They live near us. Horrible.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Yes. Well, anyway, nice to meet you.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: When’s the funeral?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: The paper said the day after
dialog: Thanksgiving.
text: Regret and sorrow cross Jeff's face.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Jeff attends the funeral. Graveside as the coffin arrives.
text: Jeff finds himself SUDDENLY AROUSED. He covers his erection
text: in his slacks. He slinks away before the coffin is lowered.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - EVENING
text: Jeff and Dave decorate their scrawny Christmas tree. Their
text: parents fight in the next room--
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You should move out in the new year.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: YOU'RE CRAZY!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: ME?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
text: I’M ALREADY SLEEPING ON THE SOFA.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: I WILL TAKE DAVE TO MY MOTHER'S.
text: Jeff swells with sadness and leaves the house, unnoticed.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - EVENING
text: Jeff gets on his bike and rides out.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - EVENING
text: Jeff peddles the moonlit road. Tears run down his face. A car
text: buzzes past, blaring its horn.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - LATER
text: Jeff trolls another back road. He rides up to a FROZEN
text: OPOSSUM just lying there. He relishes in the discovery and
text: eagerly pulls a plastic bag from his pocket.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP WOODS - EVENING
text: Jeff carries his stuffed plastic bag down a narrow trail,
text: leading him deeper into the woods. Jeff arrives at a
speaker_heading: SMALL CLEARING
text: Hidden among thick brush and tall trees. Jeff lays the dead
text: opossum on a rock. He takes out his (stolen) knife and
text: meticulously dissects the road kill, first stripping away the
text: flesh, then fondling the entrails in his hands.
scene_heading: INT. CHARTER BUS - TRAVELING - DAY
text: CU: JEFF'S FINGERNAILS. Remnants of dried blood underneath
text: his thumbnail. He inconspicuously scrapes it out.
dialog: It’s the start of the Senior Trip to Washington DC. Jeff
text: laughs, with his Dahmer Fan Club buddies. A more relaxed,
text: relieved glow on his face - a break from home does him good.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: And the Dahmer Fan Club has to leave
dialog: our mark on DC. Something grand.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Boo-yah, something classic. Like what?
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: A spazz on the White House lawn?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You can’t get on the White House lawn.
text: Derf looks around. He lands on CHARLIE SMITH, the one black
text: student, a burly guy.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Well for one... Charlie, as the token
dialog: black in our class, let’s get some
dialog: Super 8 of you on the steps of the
dialog: Lincoln Memorial giving Martin Luther
dialog: King’s I Have A Dream speech.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE SMITH
dialog: Good one, loser.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: The Dahmer Fan Club will stand behind
dialog: you like--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE SMITH
dialog: I play football, Backderf, not
text: charades.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Cut!
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Fine, good one. We'll think of
dialog: something.
text: Jeff notes the brainstorm. He gazes out the window. A highway
text: sign reads: I-70E WASHINGTON and I-76 HARRISBURG.
scene_heading: EXT. DAYS INN, WASHINGTON DC - EVENING
text: Teachers call out pairs of names and hand out room keys.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Jeffrey Dahmer and Charlie Smith, you
dialog: have Room 327.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - EVENING
text: Charlie takes the bed by the window. Jeff hesitantly waits in
text: the door for Charlie to settle in. From the hallway--
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Dahmer, we're right here.
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: If he rapes you in the middle of the
dialog: night, just knock.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Very funny.
text: Jeff drops his bag on his bed.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: So, we’re roommates, huh...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE SMITH
dialog: Yep.
text: Charlie turns on the TV, switches it to Three’s Company. In
text: the clip: Janet sustains Mr. Roper’s belief that Jack is gay.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE SMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: So obvious.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE SMITH
dialog: Mr. Roper’s an idiot. Taxi’s on ina
dialog: few.
dialog: 64.
text: Charlie crosses to the bathroom with his toothbrush. Jeff's
text: eyes follow. He pulls off his shirt and watches TV,
text: shirtless. The credits roll. Jeff waits. Charlie returns,
text: though still disinterested in chatting.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I’m curious... is it hard being the
dialog: only black kid in our class?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE SMITH
dialog: Ehh.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Your palms are less black. You think
dialog: your insides are the same color as
dialog: mine? Is my stomach and your stomach
dialog: the same color?
text: Charlie gives Jeff an intimidating stare, silencing the
text: chitchat. Charlie lays supine on his bed as Taxi starts. Jeff
text: sneaks a couple glances at his built body.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON DC - VARIOUS LANDMARKS
text: MONTAGE as Jeff AND HIS SENIOR CLASS approach the WASHINGTON
text: MONUMENT. Neil photographs Derf on his back - the landmark
text: his erection.
text: They scale THE CAPITOL BUILDING steps where Jeff throws a
dialog: quick spazz.
text: They line THE WHITE HOUSE fence, like jailbirds.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE
dialog: Kids, since World War Two, public
dialog: access to The White House grounds has
dialog: been increasingly restricted. But
dialog: maybe you can see President Carter
text: through a window.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Let us in! Let me in!
text: Nearby, a cluster of protestors hold up signs: No Nukes, Who
dialog: Needs Oil? I Ride The Bus, Don’t Trust The Shah.
scene_heading: INT. DAYS INN - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Jeff and his pals play poker, and chow on soda and snacks.
text: Jeff wins the hand.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Damn, Dahmer. Thought you had nothin’.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: He’s got a poker face.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Beginner's luck, I guess.
text: Neil deals another hand.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Dahmer, Man of Mystery. Totally my
dialog: next cartoon.
text: Jeff smiles, enjoying the camaraderie. It’s good to be away.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON DC - SIDEWALK - DAY
text: Jeff, Derf, Penny, and Neil stroll along Constitutional Ave.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Totally bogus we didn’t meet the
dialog: President. Could’ve met our State
dialog: Senators back in Ohio, you know?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Let's call Carter, see if he’s free.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: That’s ridiculous.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: That's impossible.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: How about Vice President Mondale?
text: Jeff heads to the nearest pay phone stall. He steps inside.
text: Derf follows, amused.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: (into pay phone)
dialog: Hi. Yes, I’d like the number for the
dialog: Vice President of The United States.
dialog: His office number, please.
text: Derf chuckles. Neil and Penny idle by, skeptical.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: This is pointless. It’s our last day
dialog: here, we should get lunch...
text: Jeff talks on the phone. Derf gestures to Penny & Neil.
speaker_heading: DERF
text: It’s ringing.
dialog: 66.
dialog: Jeff starts talking--
speaker_heading: DERF (CONT'D)
text: He’s talking to an Aide.
dialog: Derf leans in to listen--
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: ... And we’re from Revere High in
text: Ohio, just in the middle of nowhere,
dialog: and my friends and I are honor
text: students and on the school newspaper,
dialog: and we're all very interested in
dialog: politics, and I was wondering if we
dialog: could interview you on what it’s like
dialog: to work as an aide to the Vice
dialog: President of The United States.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Uh, huh. Sure. We’re on Constitutional
dialog: Avenue. Uh, huh. Great.
text: Jeff hangs up.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: We're in.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: What? C’mon.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Dahmer’s got balls, man. He’s slick.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: We have an appointment in an hour.
scene_heading: INT. EISENHOWER EXECUTIVE OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: The AIDE gives Jeff, Derf, Neil, and Penny a tour.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: And you get to sit in meetings with
dialog: the Vice President?
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Sometimes.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Really? Where’s his office.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Down that hall. Let’s see if he’s in.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. VICE PRESIDENT WALTER MONDALE’S OFFICE - DAY
text: VICE PRESIDENT WALTER MONDALE reviews documents with a
text: Cabinet Member. The teens wait in a line near the door,
text: nervous. The Vice President approaches.
speaker_heading: VP WALTER MONDALE
dialog: Kids, thanks for dropping by. I have a
text: moment before a call with Indira
dialog: Gandhi, who just resigned as Prime
dialog: Minister of India. Where are you from?
text: Jeff's heart pounds, in awe.
speaker_heading: VP WALTER MONDALE (CONT’D)
dialog: Ohio’s a great state. So, what do each
dialog: of you want to be when you grow up?
text: The Vice President looks to Derf.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: I, like, want to draw cartoons, not
dialog: for TV. I want to draw comics, yeah.
speaker_heading: VP WALTER MONDALE
dialog: Well, that’s great, as long as you
dialog: don’t draw any political ones making
dialog: fun of me.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Of course not.
text: Jeff stiffens. The Vice President finally reaches him--
speaker_heading: VP WALTER MONDALE
dialog: And so, what interests you?
text: All heads turn. His friends are curious, as well.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Biology.
speaker_heading: VP WALTER MONDALE
dialog: Great. You should pursue that.
text: The Vice President shakes Jeff's clean hand.
scene_heading: EXT. EISENHOWER EXECUTIVE OFFICE BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER
text: They race away from the building, soaring and giddy. They
text: gratefully pat Jeff on the back.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: That was the coolest thing I’ve ever
dialog: done in my life. I can die now.
dialog: Dahmer, I can die now, thank you.
text: Jeff basks in their congratulations.
scene_heading: INT. CHARTER BUS - TRAVELING - NIGHT
text: The bus rumbles into the Revere High parking lot as the trip
text: reaches it’s definitive end. Out the window, parents eagerly
text: await the return of their kids. Despondent over the return, a
text: grave curtain of darkness returns to Jeff's face.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff sulks back to his father’s car.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: You have a good time? Y’alright?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Uh-huh. It was great.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: You don’t look well. You have a fever?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I don’t think so.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE WAITING AREA - DAY
text: A converted living room lined with chairs. Two children
text: babble and play, just beyond arm’s length of their mother.
text: The kids suck on new lollipops.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Careful.
text: The mother makes departing small talk and leaves with her
text: kids. A NURSE appears with a clipboard.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Mr. Jeffrey Dahmer.
text: ANGLE ON Jeff Dahmer seated against the far wall.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yes, that’s me.
text: The nurse shuffles down a hallway. He follows.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S EXAMINATION ROOM - DAY
text: Jeff waits, seated on the examination table in his underwear.
text: He looks around at the cabinets, jars of cotton balls and
dialog: gauze, the weight scale, the eye chart.
text: Dr. York enters, sucking on a lollipop - it’s the
text: Neighborhood Jogger at work. He glances at the clipboard.
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: Are you running a cold?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (represses his excitement)
dialog: I think so. I’ve been getting chills.
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: Always nice to see new patients.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: A physical, maybe?
text: Jeff stiffens as Dr. York moves in, on his swivel chair.
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: Stick out your tongue. Say Ahhh.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Abhhh.
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: Tonsils look good. Turn. Let me see
dialog: your ears...
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Do you do surgery?
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Why not?
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: I like caring for patients but I’m not
dialog: the type to wanna cut someone open. So
dialog: this, but almost became a podiatrist.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Less blood.
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What about what’s on a patient’s mind?
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: You mean, a psychiatrist?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: My mom had one.
text: Dr. York puts his stethoscope against Jeff's chest and back.
text: Jeff fights his quick breathing.
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: So far, you look healthy. Okay, before
dialog: I weigh you. Do you hurt when you pee?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Huh? No.
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: Are you sexually active?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What kind, sort of...
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER
dialog: You’re at the age. No growths, okay.
dialog: Pull down your underwear.
text: Jeff pulls down his underwear.
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER (CONT'D)
text: Cough. Cough again. Cough again.
text: Suddenly, a stalled silence. He returns to his clipboard. An
text: awkward tension between them, implies Jeff became erect.
scene_heading: DR. YORK/NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Pull up your pants, I’m finished.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - JEFF & DAVE'’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Standing in the same position, Jeff finishes jerking off.
text: KNOCK. Another KNOCK.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Just a minute, go away, just a minute.
text: He sharpens up and pulls up his pants.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: The Dahmer Family rush out of the house. Lionel and the boys
text: are in suits, Joyce in a dress. They scramble into a car.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Remember, please, behave yourself.
dialog: It’s my boss and work associates--
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Boys, he doesn’t even know the groom.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: It’s my boss’s son, which is all the
dialog: same. Kids, there’1l be some other
dialog: kids there your age.
scene_heading: INT. AKRON HOTEL - RECEPTION HALL - NIGHT
text: It’s cocktail hour. Jeff approaches the bar.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: My Dad wants a Jack and coke.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (distrustful)
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Over there.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Which one?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: On the other side... I swear...
text: He spots Joyce slipping out with a sleazy PERENNIAL BACHELOR.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Sorry, kid, he’ll have to come get it
dialog: himself.
text: Jeff leaves the bar, then swipes an almost empty cocktail
text: glass from a busboy’s tray.
scene_heading: AT THE TABLE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jeff sits, sober, with his father and brother.
speaker_heading: COWORKER
dialog: Lionel, and where’s your wife?
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: She's, uh, not feeling well. Headache.
text: Went to rest in the car.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: INT. AKRON HOTEL - HALLWAY - LATER
text: Lionel finds Joyce fixing her makeup in a hallway mirror. The
text: Perennial Bachelor idles feet away.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Where have you been? Dinner was served
dialog: a half hour ago.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I was fucking that guy over there.
text: The Perennial Bachelor slips back into the party, avoiding.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s your boss’s cousin, staying here
dialog: at the hotel. I might just stay the
dialog: night. If you won’t divorce me, then
dialog: deal with it.
text: Lionel swallows his pride and anger.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - NIGHT
text: But, at home, he furiously packs two suitcases.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: I’ve had enough. You’re a mess and
dialog: impossible... I’m done with you.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Good.
text: Lionel storms out. Jeff follows, helpless.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Lionel reverses out of the driveway.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Don’t, dad, don’t...
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Finally.
text: Jeff runs off.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Jeff stumbles through the woods, unraveling, agonizing. He
text: WHACKS a fallen branch against a tree repeatedly... draining
text: himself. The sound travels... A KITCHEN LIGHT turns on.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - TENNIS COURTS - DAY
text: Jeff WHACKS tennis balls in every direction, spazzing out for
text: his teammates. Neil stops rallying to watch.
speaker_heading: TENNIS COACH
dialog: Jeff Dahmer, if you don’t clean up
dialog: your act, you’re off the team.
text: Jeff stops. He drops his racquet and WALKS OFF.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - BRICK WALL - DAY
text: Jeff pounds a fifth of gin in no time. Slurps the last drops.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The Dahmer Fan Club hangs around Derf’s Chevy Vegas,
text: listening to Buzzard Radio 101 WMMS. Jeff shuffles by.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Dahmer. Dahmier, boy. Wanna hang?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: How about later? Whitey’s for burgers
dialog: and arcade - they just got Death Race.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Nah.
text: Jeff veers away, disengaging...
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Balderelli polices the main thoroughfare. With cunning, Jeff
text: avoids and staggers by, gripping his leather briefcase, then
text: BUMPS into two students. They smell the alcohol.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Dang.
scene_heading: INT. HEALTH CLASS - DAY
text: In a dark room, a corny 1960s 16mm anti-drug educational film
text: unspools for students. MR. LAPOLLA monitors the projector.
scene_heading: TEENAGE BOY ON SCREEN
dialog: I’m glad I didn’t jump off that
dialog: bridge. It’s much higher than it
dialog: looked.
scene_heading: TEENAGE GIRL ON SCREEN
dialog: I really think you should talk to
dialog: someone. LSD is dangerous.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR FOR FILM
dialog: Most young people think they’re
dialog: stronger and have more willpower than
dialog: they actually do.
text: Jeff opens the door, tries to slip in undetected--
speaker_heading: MR. LAPOLLA
dialog: You're late, Mr. Dahmer. Again.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR FOR FILM
dialog: And one of the potentials for drug
dialog: traffic is the school.
text: Jeff trips over a student in the front row.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Watch it, Jerk!
text: (smells Jeff's boozy
dialog: breath)
dialog: Yuck, arrr, Damn.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: S-S-Sorry.
text: Disoriented, Jeff BLOCKS THE LIGHT from the projector.
text: Blinded, he struggles to find a path to an empty chair.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR FOR FILM
dialog: Here the connection can be found with
dialog: these peddlers of misery who prey on
dialog: the unwary, the uninformed, the
dialog: curious, the thrill-seekers...
speaker_heading: MR. LAPOLLA
dialog: Move it, Dahmer, get a seat!
speaker_heading: NARRATOR FOR FILM
dialog: ++. Most young people will continue
dialog: through life as normal, responsible
text: citizens. Others, the shunted and
dialog: unloved, are the candidates for the
dialog: slave world of lifelong drug
dialog: addiction.
text: Jeff drops into a chair, and lowers his sad, lonely face.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR FOR FILM (CONT’D)
dialog: But no-one is immune. How does it
dialog: happen? Where does it start? What are
dialog: the signs?
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS BEHIND SCHOOL - DAY
text: A huddled cluster of upperclassmen get high and drink, along
text: with one youthful teacher, MR. PITT. Passing around a joint-
speaker_heading: SNARKY SLACKER
dialog: You blow up some gooks?
speaker_heading: MR. PITT
dialog: If I told you, I’d have to kill you
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER STONER
dialog: Awesome. C’mon.
text: Nearby, Jeff drinks by his lonesome. His stash and finished
text: bottles are tucked under a log.
speaker_heading: SNARKY SLACKER
dialog: Shit, dude, look, Balderelli.
text: Heads turn. In the distance, Vice Principal Balderelli
text: crosses the practice field, approaching.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER STONER
dialog: Run.
text: The stoners and Mr. Pitt scatter. Jeff doesn’t freak out and
text: just lies down behind the log, playing dead.
text: Balderelli steps into the woods and looks around. Smells the
text: pot and goes further in... ducking under branches. He passes
text: right by Jeff, but doesn’t see him. Then, spots a couple of
text: stoners making a run for it across the practice field.
scene_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI
dialog: Hey, I SEE YOU. STOP RIGHT THERE.
text: Balderelli storms out of the woods and chases them down. Jeff
text: sits back up and continues drinking.
scene_heading: INT. YEARBOOK & SCHOOL NEWSPAPER OFFICE - DAY
text: Drafts of the yearbook layout are pinned to a bulletin board.
text: Derf, Neil, and Mike enthusiastically rush in.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: It’s here!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Dahmer’s got to see this. We should
dialog: get him. Neil, see if he’s around.
dialog: 76.
text: Yet, they cannot contain themselves and rip open the package.
text: They spread out the developed club photos. Laughter swells
text: over sight of Jeff's face in many.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: .-. And here he is again!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: So bad, it’s so bad!
text: Their YEARBOOK ADVISOR enters. She’s a snippy woman.
speaker_heading: YEARBOOK ADVISOR
dialog: Good, they came in. Let’s see.
text: She scans the photos, realizing the prank.
speaker_heading: YEARBOOK ADVISOR (CONT’D)
dialog: What is Jeff Dahmer - he’s not in any
dialog: of these clubs. Who did this?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: He’s not?
speaker_heading: YEARBOOK ADVISOR
dialog: He doesn’t belong in Debate or here or
dialog: this one.
text: She grabs a wide black marker and BLOTCHES OUT JEFF’S FACE in
text: all the club photos, a fitting symbol.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - JEFF & DAVE'’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Jeff stares at the wall, mouthing the lyrics to Black
text: Sabbath’s “Iron Man” playing on his cassette player.
scene_heading: BLACK SABBATH LYRICS
dialog: Is he alive or dead?
dialog: Has he thoughts within his head?
dialog: We'll just pass him there,
dialog: Why should we even care?
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER
text: Joyce is deeply absorbed on the phone. Jeff approaches.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Is he out of his mind? I can’t believe
dialog: that’s his position. He’s being
dialog: completely irrational.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Mom.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: There’s no way I'd give custody of
dialog: Dave over. Never in a million years.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Mom.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (to Jeff)
dialog: Shhh.
dialog: (back to phone)
dialog: He’s g-g-getting everything. I’M NOT
scene_heading: BEING IRRATIONAL. YOU HEAR ME? YOU’RE
dialog: MY LAWYER, NOT HIS. DAYS? I WON’T
text: DISCUSS HIS CUSTODY.
text: Jeff swipes hot dogs from the fridge and slinks out.
scene_heading: EXT. WATKINS FAMILY HOME - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lurking in the bushes, Jeff lures Wendy Watkins’ Irish Setter
text: over to him with his raw hot dogs.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Good dog.
text: Jeff unlatches the dog from its run line.
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP WOODS - DAY
text: Jeff leads the dog to the same spot where he once tore apart
text: the frozen opossum. Jeff takes out his knife. His teeth
text: chatter, readying for the kill. The dog sits, panting,
text: wagging its tail.
text: Jeff approaches, knife in hand. He pulls the dog to his
text: SLAUGHTER ROCK, where remnants of rodent skulls are scattered
text: around. The dog yaps. Its tail continues to wag.
dialog: But, at the last moment...
text: Jeff cannot do it. He TOSSES the knife aside.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Go on! Go! Go home. Get!
text: The dog runs off. Jeff drops to his knees.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HISTORY CLASS - DAY
text: Mr. Fedele takes attendance. He notes Jeff’s absence.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE
dialog: Mr. Jeff Dahmer, absent again. That’s
dialog: five times in the last two weeks.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: We need our mascot back... Life’s not
dialog: as much fun around here.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Maybe we should just let him be, you
dialog: know? He’s not--
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: C'mon, Neil. It’s all - he likes the
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Maybe so. But...
text: Neil keeps his thoughts to himself.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - BRICK WALL - AFTERNOON
text: Jeff finishes the last drop from a fifth of vodka.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - FRONT ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: Parents hurriedly pick up their kids from after-school
text: practices & rehearsals. They pass Jeff slouched on the front
text: steps, sobering up.
speaker_heading: PARENT
text: Mr. Dahmer, another long day hitting
dialog: the books?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yep.
text: He turns away to conceal his sozzled self.
scene_heading: EXT. ACME FRESH MARKET - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: In her Oldsmobile Omega, Joyce pulls into a parking spot.
text: Dave sits in the passenger seat. Jeff sits in the back.
text: Lionel’s already there, waiting by his car.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. OLDSMOBILE OMEGA - DAY
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Just a minute, before you spend the
dialog: day with your father, I need to talk
text: to him. Stay in the car.
text: Joyce takes a set of legal documents and gets out. Jeff
text: quickly steals some loose cash from her purse.
text: Both sons hear something, and look out the rear window. They
text: watch in stunned paralysis as:
text: Joyce and Lionel get in each other’s faces, talking
text: forcefully. Joyce waves the legal papers in the air.
text: Suddenly, Joyce blows her lid. She shoves Lionel. She slaps
text: at him, yelling. Retaliating, veins pop out of Lionel’s neck.
text: He holds her arms down. She kicks him. He kicks her back. He
text: shoves her away. She runs right back at him, flailing her
text: arms, losing papers to the ground.
text: RANDOM ADULTS rush over to break it up. They separate Joyce
text: and Lionel. Joyce is crying, and threatening him. All words
text: are muffled inside the car as the kids watch, helpless.
text: Joyce returns to the car, fuming. She rummages for her keys.
text: She pulls out in a rage.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I thought we were going to see Daddy.
text: Jeff glares at his mom.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - MORNING
text: Jeff buys more alcohol from a HIGH SCHOOL DROPOUT.
scene_heading: HIGH SCHOOL DROPOUT
dialog: You’re my best customer.
text: Jeff takes the large bottle of vodka and drops it into his
text: leather briefcase, revealing how he transports it undetected.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - LATER
text: Rows of parked cars. It’s quiet with class in session. Coach
text: Natale wanders through on a cigarette break and discovers
text: Jeff behind a car drinking.
speaker_heading: COACH NATALE
dialog: Hey! What’s this? On school grounds.
dialog: What’s your name?
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: J-Jeff.
speaker_heading: COACH NATALE
dialog: What do you have to say for yourself?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (puts on an act)
dialog: It’s just... My parents are splitting
dialog: up and I’m pretty depressed about it
dialog: and I thought drinking might help--
speaker_heading: COACH NATALE
dialog: I’m sorry about your folks--
scene_heading: INT. VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
scene_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI
dialog: But that’s no excuse. It’s not as bad
dialog: as it seems.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Little late for that.
scene_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI
dialog: It’s no excuse, period. Here’s the
dialog: deal. You have a choice. I can either
dialog: phone your parents and tell them what
dialog: you did or you can take ten licks and
dialog: not drink again. Your call.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Don’t call my parents.
scene_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI
dialog: Your choice... ooookay.
text: Balderelli pulls a paddle from his desk drawer.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Really?
scene_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI
text: Bend over and grab the wall.
text: Jeff's stunned. He puts his hands on the wall. Balderelli
text: winds up and WHACKS Jeff in the ass. Jeff drops to his knees.
speaker_heading: VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI (CONT’D)
dialog: Get up.
text: He returns to his position and receives a paddling. Each
dialog: strike is worse than the last.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - JEFF & DAVE’S BEDROOM - THAT NIGHT
text: Alone, Jeff paces. A sore limp from the paddling lingers. A
text: swirl of depraved thoughts, his dismantling family, his own
text: inner-disgust brings him to tears. Haunted:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Okay... alright... okay... alright...
text: Tears slide down his face. He drops onto his bed and curls up
text: beside the DEAD NEIGHBORHOOD JOGGER, stiff and speechless.
text: Jeff finds comfort. Jeff holds the dead jogger tight.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: Don’t leave me, don’t leave me.
text: CUT TO WIDE SHOT of Jeff in bed alone. The dead Neighborhood
dialog: Jogger is a fantasy.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - ENGLISH CLASS - DAY
text: Derf doodles a cartoon of Dahmer in his notebook. Class
text: discussion of Faulkner's As I Lay Dying is background noise.
text: TAP TAP on the window gets his attention. Outside the window,
text: Jeff POPS his head up and GROWLS at him. Derf chuckles.
scene_heading: ENGLISH TEACHER
dialog: Mr. Backderf. Are you with us?
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - NIGHT
text: A field party. Bully-jocks, Psycho-Stoners, Band Nerds are
text: all there. Beer cans. Making out.
text: The Dahmer Fan Club shotgun beers. Several Bully-Jocks
dialog: impose:
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK JERKOFF
dialog: Look, the Rah Rah band nerds drink.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Yeah, whatdya you think, we’d?--
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK NUMBSKULL
dialog: Lightweights--
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK JERKOFF
dialog: Be home playin’ snare drum.
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK DICKWAD
dialog: Snap.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: More active than standing on the
dialog: sidelines.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Dang.
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK JERKOFF
dialog: Good one. Y’alright for a turd.
dialog: Where’s your mascot, Dumb Dahmer?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: He’s not here--
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK JERKOFF
dialog: He gonna be your prom date, Backderf?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Your mother might, if she can fit ina
dialog: dress.
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK JERKOFF
dialog: Dahmer’s like your little court
dialog: jester. ‘Cept he’s not hangin’ with
dialog: you much anymore.
speaker_heading: DERF
text: The fan club lives on.
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK JERKOFF
dialog: Really? Looks like he ditched ya.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Just think he’s confused--
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK NUMBSKULL
dialog: And looks like Neil’s a little
dialog: protective.
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK JERKOFF
text: And passing out cartoon flyers is
dialog: getting kinda old, don’t ya think?
speaker_heading: DERF
text: He’s still into it.
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK JERKOFF
dialog: I dunno. Seems like you’re closing out
dialog: your high school career shucked by the
dialog: fool.
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK NUMBSKULL
dialog: Makes you the fools that you are.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: We'll get him to show up.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Uh. A rockin’ command performance.
dialog: He’1ll ante up. For sure.
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK DICKWAD
dialog: Doubt it.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: (aside, to Kent & Mike)
dialog: Let’s just do it. Let’s get him to
dialog: take his spazz to the max--
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Derf, he’s hasn't spazzed in weeks.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: He’s not really interested in a whole
dialog: lot anymore. Better not--
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Yeah but, what if we pay him? I’11l put
dialog: in five bucks.
dialog: (drops cash in his cap)
dialog: Gets ‘em out on a Saturday.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I’m in. It‘’1l be killer.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: He’1l surely blow it on booze.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: (to Neil)
dialog: C’mon, man, put in some. I’m taking a
dialog: pot.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah, for his booze fund.
text: Neil shakes his head, disapproving.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Nuh-uh.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Chill, Neil.
text: Bully-Jock Jerkoff pays in.
dialog: 83.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: BULLY-JOCK JERKOFF
dialog: I'll believe it when I see it.
text: Derf and Mike start to circulate, selling more tickets.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY
text: Derf stops Jeff in his stuporous path. Jeff bleeps, BRAAAA.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Hey, Jeff. So, look, we got an idea
dialog: for the Fan Club...
text: Onlooking, Neil steps away, remarks--
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: (to Kent)
dialog: We should just leave him alone. He’s
dialog: not a side show attraction.
text: BACK TO Derf, wrapping up his plan with Jeff--
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Great. Here’s thirty-two bucks. It’1l
dialog: be your Command Performance. We might
dialog: have more by Saturday.
text: Jeff nods, half-coherent.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: Derf and Kent arrive in the Chevy Vegas. They head to the
text: kitchen door and knock. Jeff opens the door.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Gweeetings.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Just a sec.
text: Jeff heads back to retrieve something. Derf and Kent decide
text: to tiptoe into the house.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Where’s that pink foot stool?
text: They head through the kitchen and discover depressive Joyce
text: Dahmer slouched over at the dining room table, quivering.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Hiii boyzzzz.
text: Derf and Kent stiffen up. The pink foot stool is tipped over
text: on its side, abandoned in corner.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Ready?
text: Jeff is in the kitchen, with a jacket draped over a paper
text: grocery bag, under his arm. Derf and Kent follow him out.
scene_heading: INT. CHEVY VEGAS - TRAVELING - MOMENTS LATER
text: It’s drizzling. The worn wipers stutter across the
text: windshield. Derf drives with Kent in the passenger seat. Jeff
text: sits in the back, straddling the center hump.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: (glances in rearview mirror)
dialog: You’re blocking my view. Sit on either
dialog: side, Dahmer.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I’m good.
text: Jeff pulls a six-pack of Busch beer from the paper bag. He
text: pops open a can and flauntingly gulps it down like water. He
text: crushes the can and drops it on the floor, then repeats. It’s
text: uncomfortable to watch, so they chatter:
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Is Cooper coming?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: He said he was.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: And what about Borowski and Guentlzer?
speaker_heading: DERF
text: Guentlzer is but Borowski didn’t pay.
dialog: We'll see who in ten minutes.
text: Derf peeks in the rear view mirror. Jeff pounds another beer,
text: then another. His “aura of doom” makes Derf twinge.
speaker_heading: DERF (CONT'D)
dialog: I never seen ya drink like that
dialog: before, Dahmer.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well, here I am.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. CHEVY VEGAS - TRAVELING - TEN MINUTES LATER
text: They pull into the Summit Mall Parking lot. Jeff burps in the
text: backseat, already finished with his beers.
scene_heading: EXT. SUMMIT MALL - PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
text: In a daze, Jeff follows Derf and Kent to the main entrance.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Where we meeting these idiots?
speaker_heading: DERF
text: Right in front of the Orange Julius.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I’m psyched.
scene_heading: INT. SUMMIT MALL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Derf and Kent, with Jeff trailing, spot the pack of paid
text: SPECTATORS, numbering nearly a dozen upperclassmen.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: ‘Bout time!
dialog: (hands Jeff cash)
dialog: Another fifteen bucks. Not bad.
text: Jeff stuffs the cash in his pocket.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Ok. Let’s do this.
text: One teenager pulls out an 8mm camera. Others start commenting
text: and snickering with anticipation.
speaker_heading: DERF (CONT'D)
dialog: We present Jeff--
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Jeffrey. For this I’m Jeffrey.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: The Dahmer Fan Club presents Jeffrey
text: Dahmer in his Command Performance.
text: Derf pats Jeff on the back, gesturing forward...
speaker_heading: DERF (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers in Jeff's ear)
dialog: Welcome to the wild world of wasteful
dialog: capitalism. Why don’t you show them
dialog: what it’s all about?
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Glllaaaaaaadddd-11lleeee.
text: Jeff walks down the main shopping hallway toward innocent
text: shoppers. The teenage pack trail him at a distance.
text: And like its origins in the high school hallway, Jeff throws
text: an EPIC EPILEPTIC-LIKE SPAZZ, flailing his arms and legs...
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !
text: Unsuspecting SHOPPERS turn heads, spooking many. Some scurry
text: away with children. The teenage-pack roars with laughter,
text: snorting, falling over each other.
scene_heading: THE TEENAGE-PACK
dialog: Oh, Man! That was awesome. Where is
dialog: he? Boo-yah. Over there? Get closer.
text: Jeff chases THREE MIDDLE-SCHOOL GIRLS, moaning and grunting
text: in their wake. The girls dip into the bathroom for safety.
speaker_heading: THE TEENAGE-PACK (CONT’D)
dialog: Did you get that on camera?
text: Jeff continues plodding through the mall, spooking more and
text: more shoppers with flares of fits--
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Uh! Uh! Uh! Uh! UUUUUUUUH!
text: A mother grabs her child. An elderly couple scurry into a
dialog: clothing store.
text: Jeff approaches a FOOD CLERK passing out free samples. He
text: takes two handfuls in his mouth.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: What are these?
speaker_heading: FOOD CLERK
text: Toasted sunflower seeds.
text: Jeff SPITS THEM OUT EVERYWHERE--
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: PFFFFFFFT. I’m allergic, I’m
dialog: allergic... AAHHHHHH
text: --BUCKING AND RETCHING as he scampers away.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
text: KOFF! KOFF! GUUUH!
dialog: 88.
text: Jeff approaches STOUFFER’S RESTAURANT, the main dining spot.
text: He startles diners in a front table, then knocks over drinks
text: at the next and slams his hands - SPLAT - into their food.
text: Jeff shudders into the restaurant, spazzing down the aisle.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Burrrrrlmannnnn? Mr. Burlmannnn
dialog: where are you? Where’s my stooooool?
speaker_heading: RESTAURANT MANAGER
dialog: Hey, kid, get out--
text: Jeff responds with a ROARING SPAZZ, scaring all the diners.
speaker_heading: RESTAURANT MANAGER (CONT’D)
scene_heading: OUT - OUT. LEAVE.
text: The teenage-pack howl with laughter, bringing many to tears.
text: The Restaurant Manager chases Jeff out. Jeff writhes his way
text: through the tables, avoiding the manager on his way out...
text: MONTAGE as Jeff continues his romp in & out of more stores:
text: - JEFF POPS up from behind a clothing rack, scares mother &
dialog: daughter.
text: - JEFF CREEPS OUT a gaggle of girls entering the cinema.
text: - JEFF CONVULSES at the feet of a family.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Mommmmmmm, Mommmmmmm, Urrrrr, Mommmm.
text: Leads to an anticlimactic end... The group’s interest has
text: dwindled. They start to break apart as Jeff's final, waning
text: fit barely causes a reaction from a passing shopper.
scene_heading: INT. SUMMIT MALL - MOMENTS LATER
text: The teenage pack lingers, chitchat about next activities
text: encircles Jeff, who’s seemingly discarded.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: ... how about Rocky Horror?
text: Derf is the only one who senses Jeff's exclusion.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: (obligatory)
dialog: That was dope, Dahmer.
text: But, no response. His hollow core dumps a sourness on Derf.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. SUMMIT MALL - PARKING LOT - EVENING
text: It’s still raining. Derf and Kent head to the car. Jeff
text: shuffles behind them.
scene_heading: INT. CHEVY VEGAS - TRAVELING
text: Jeff stews in the backseat, a clenched fist. Derf’s punk
text: plays on his stereo. It’s Electric Eels’ “Agitated.”
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Or head into Akron, check out The
dialog: Bank, that new punk club? Yeah.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You're alone in this punk stuff, Derf.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: It’s a revolution of the American
dialog: dream gone bust. What could be more
text: enlightening and unsettling at the
dialog: same time?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You’re welcome.
text: A strained silence.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: I missed the turn onto Granger, so
dialog: I‘1l just take the left on West Bath
dialog: back to your place. Okay, Dahmer?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I’1l go to The Bank, bang some heads
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: I’m not sure if we’re--
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (mumbles )
dialog: You’re welcome. Something. Thank you.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You alright, dude?
dialog: Jeff
dialog: Derf
dialog: seat
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Just let me out. Why not drag me
dialog: along? Let me out.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: I’m gonna drive you home.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Pull over. Fuck. Dickheads.
text: HITS the back of Kent’s seat.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Whoa.
text: pulls his car over onto the shoulder. Jeff pushes Kent’s
text: forward before the car comes to a stop.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Chill, chill.
text: BLOWS his lid.
dialog: Jeff
dialog: Kent
dialog: Jeff
dialog: Jeff
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Out, let me out.
text: opens his door and steps out to make Jeff's exit easier.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: What’s the stink?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: The Dahmer Fuckin’ Fan Club.
text: kicks the door, then the side of the car.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Yo!
text: pounds the roof. Derf bursts out of his car.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Why’d they make me do that?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You. Them. Everyone. Thanks for
dialog: nothing.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You got fifty bucks, dude.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No no no no. You don’t get it. Don’t
dialog: get it. You don’t get it. Forget it. I
dialog: thought you guys had my back.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: We do, Dahmer.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That you were my friends.
text: Jeff jumps at Kent, an awkward mix of a punch and hug. An
text: animalistic, askew moment. Kent wiggles away as Derf jumps in
text: to pull them apart. It’s such an odd moment that both Derf
text: and Kent laugh it off, which unintentionally makes it worse
dialog: for Jeff.
text: Derf and Kent withdraw to the car, unsure what to do next.
text: Jeff catches his breath, wipes his runny nose.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m fine.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: What’s wrong with you Dahmer?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Get out of here. BRAAAA. Go.
text: Derf and Kent get back in the Chevy Vegas. The ignition
text: stutters before finally turning over.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Bye, dude.
text: They drive off. Jeff is left in the rain, deeply despondent.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jeff enters, sopping wet. A hollow shell of his former self.
text: Joyce is there, uncommonly joyful and bright.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (listening, on phone)
dialog: Uh huh, uh huh, great. That’s great
dialog: news. I will. Tomorrow, first thing.
text: Joyce hangs up. She turns to Jeff.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (CONT'D)
text: Great news. The divorce is finalized.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: And I need you to promise to keep a
dialog: secret from your father. I’m moving
dialog: back to Wisconsin with your brother.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: As soon as possible. Your dad is
dialog: getting the house. And you can’t tell
dialog: your dad I’m doing this. Promise me
dialog: you won’t tell.
dialog: (strained pause)
dialog: Promise me, Jeff. Jeffrey.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I won't, I won’t tell.
text: Joyce walks away. He slinks back to his bedroom where the
text: baseball bat waits, leaning in the corner.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - FRONT YARD - DAY
text: Jeff hides in the bushes with the baseball bat, anxious. He
text: peaks out. Dr. York/Neighborhood Jogger is approaching. Jeff
text: recoils into the bushes. His eyes beam with excitement.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
text: Dr. York’s running sneakers grip the pavement. Muscles
text: flexing. Sweat dripping down his face.
text: Jeff TIGHTENS HIS GRIP on his bat. Anticipation whets his
text: appetite. Will this be his first kill? He edges out...
dialog: Just then--
text: Joyce Dahmer pulls into the driveway in her Oldsmobile Omega.
text: Dr. York runs by, saved by the interruption. Jeff keels over,
text: simmering and unfulfilled.
text: Joyce pulls shopping bags from the trunk, then notices Jeff
text: tangled in the bushes.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I’m not washing those jeans again.
dialog: Just went shopping for the last time,
dialog: too tired to make dinner. I’m done
dialog: making dinner for this family.
text: She heads inside. Jeff's tumultuous mood turns to rage.
text: Baseball bat still in grip, he eyes the car. He winds up,
text: then beats the nearest tree trunk, roaring:
speaker_heading: JEFF
scene_heading: RRRRRAAAAAAAAAAA! 1!
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP WOODS - DAY
text: It’s a beautiful spring day. TWO KIDS, nearly 14 years
text: innocent, stroll on a trail.
text: They come around a bend and discover a DOG SKULL perched on a
text: stick. Flies encircle - it’s a recent kill. Nearby, the
text: MUTILATED DOG CARCASS is nailed to a tree trunk.
text: Horrified, the kids run off.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - PRACTICE FIELD
text: Students toss a frisbee, enjoying a beautiful day at the end
dialog: of the school year.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - BAND ROOM - DAY
text: Derf and Mike play chess.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Not a surprise, but I heard you asked
text: Penny to the prom.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Yep. Been sorta on the down low.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Yeah, like non existent.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Like overdue.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Like none of your bees wax. Check.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Heard she asked you.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: No. Actually, checkmate.
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Shoot. Who am I gonna invite?
text: They head to the exit door.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Not that I really wanna go--
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I heard two kids found a dead dog in
text: the woods, behind Bath Church.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Really. Crazy.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Yeah, my neighbor and a friend found
text: ‘em. The kids freaked out.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - FRONT YARD - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I bet it’s a coven of witches.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Coven of witches?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Totally. If you read, there’s a rise
dialog: in satanic cults. I’m serious.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: That’s whack. Mike, maybe you can ask
dialog: them to make a wish in their cauldron
dialog: to get you a prom date.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Buzz off.
text: Jeff comes from around the bushes and slinks past.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Dahmer. Mike’s looking for a date.
text: Jeff stares at all of them, more distant. No answer.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Derf’s putting you up for Prom King.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: No we’re not.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: There isn’t a girl within fifty miles
dialog: that would go to prom with Dahmer.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No?
text: The comment stings. Jeff stares down Mike.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - DAY
dialog: 95.
text: Jeff stops BRIDGET, a meek sophomore, on her way to class. He
text: uncharacteristically turns on his social charm.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Bridget. Hi. You got a second?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I was heading to French class.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well... I know we don’t know each
dialog: other too well.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: But I heard your friend Margaret is
dialog: going to the prom.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yeah, with Brian Guentlzer. They're
dialog: friends from Debate.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What are you doing Saturday?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Some final papers are due.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well, what about going to the prom?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh. With who?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh. I dunno.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You could join her. And go with me.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I don’t think that’s a good idea.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m gonna be late.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It’ll be fun.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: You're not gonna be weird or drink?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I promise, I won’t. Look, barely any
dialog: upperclassmen know you but if you go
dialog: to the prom, you’ll be way ahead of
dialog: most girls in your class. You wanna
dialog: seem normal, right?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: So many freshman just wish they could
dialog: be asked. It’s totally normal that I
dialog: thought of you.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I dunno, can I think about it? Let me
dialog: ask my parents.
text: Flattered, Bridget scurries away. Jeff smiles.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY LANE PARTY CENTER - RECEPTION HALL - NIGHT
text: Prom Night. “Stairway To Heaven” theme, with balloons
text: clustered together like clouds. Derf & Penny mingle with Kent
text: and Neil and their dates. The boys are uncomfortable in
text: rented tuxedoes, and with the pressure of a dance floor.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Where’s Mike?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: He couldn't get a date, I guess. Wimp.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY LANE PARTY CENTER - LOBBY AREA - NIGHT
text: Jeff arrives with Bridget. He’s sober. He’s forgone
text: traditional prom attire and instead wears brown slacks, a
text: vest, and a western-style bow tie. Bridget is draped in a
text: long-sleeve, white dress. She seems tentative around him.
text: They immediately encounter the PROM PHOTOGRAPHER, who's
text: starting to break-down his equipment.
speaker_heading: PROM PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Oh, okay. Step in front of the back
dialog: drop. You're my last of the night.
text: Jeff and Bridget pose stiffly next to each other.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: You promised me you won’t drink. I
dialog: told my dad you're a friend.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: PROM PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Get closer. Don’t be scared, she’s not
text: going to bite.
text: Jeff shimmies closer and puts his arm around her, awkwardly.
speaker_heading: PROM PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Smile.
text: Bridget smiles. Click.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION HALL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jeff and Bridget enter the prom. Many dance to “I Love The
text: Nightlife.” Derf and his buddies idle in the back.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Look who's here. Unbelievable.
text: Derf and his buddies observe as Jeff & Bridget make their way
dialog: through the space:
text: Jeff finds her a seat and retrieves punch. She’s charmed.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Thank you. That’s sweet.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I try.
text: Neil approaches.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Dahmer. Hey. Good to see you here. Uh,
dialog: hey, I feel bad. Wanna apologize for
dialog: the mall, dude.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You weren’t there.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I know. I couldn’t... You know, you
dialog: didn’t have to...
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It wasn’t bad.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Yeah? I don’t know... I’m sorry.
text: The music shifts to “Hopelessly Devoted To You” as Neil’s
text: date tugs on his arm. Neil withdraws, apology unfinished.
text: Jeff stews. He looks around at the cruel clusters of cliques.
text: Silencing his naysayers, Jeff leads Bridget to the dance
text: floor, increasingly uneasy. Sweat dots his forehead.
text: Jeff and Bridget dance, a bit out-of-sync with each other.
text: But she enjoys herself. Copying couples around them, she
text: places both arms around his neck. He turns rigid.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: You’re supposed to put your hands
dialog: around my waist.
text: Jeff follows her order. And grows more uncomfortable by her
text: closeness. Her slight femininity is unpleasant to him.
text: Their presence on the dance floor pressures Derf, Kent, and
text: Neil to lead their dates there as well, joining in the
dialog: discomfort.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Hi. I’m Penny.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Bridget.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Hey, Jeff, good to see you.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (muddled)
dialog: Congratulations.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: We made it.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Huh?
text: They all continue to dance, but Jeff's composure is slipping.
text: The cramped dance floor, bouncing heads, loud music, his own
text: sober alertness, all compounds. He draws back.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (into Bridget’s ear)
dialog: I‘ll be right back. Gotta pee.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh, okay.
text: Bridget remains dancing, now without a date.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY LANE PARTY CENTER - LOBBY AREA - NIGHT
text: Jeff passes by the bathroom and walks out the front door.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY LANE PARTY CENTER - RECEPTION HALL - NIGHT
text: Bridget stops dancing, now lost among the mess. She looks
text: around. Circulates among the tables, growing increasingly
text: upset. Jeff's nowhere in sight.
scene_heading: EXT. MCDONALD'S - NIGHT
text: Jeff sits stone-faced in his AMC Pacer, eating a Big Mac.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY LANE PARTY CENTER - RECEPTION HALL - NIGHT
text: Visibly upset, Bridget hunches over in a chair sniveling. A
text: pack of girls console her, now ignoring their dates. And,
dialog: most everyone at the prom is wondering:
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Where’s Dahmer?
speaker_heading: NEIL
text: He’s not in the men’s room.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: It’s rude.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Seriously, I’m not surprised.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY LANE PARTY CENTER - ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: Jeff returns. PARENT/CHAPERONE stands in his way.
speaker_heading: PARENT /CHAPERONE
dialog: Where do you think you’re going? You
dialog: can’t go back in?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: PARENT /CHAPERONE
dialog: Once you’ve left. You’ve been
dialog: drinking.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I haven't. I swear.
speaker_heading: PARENT /CHAPERONE
dialog: Rules are rules, young man.
text: Jeff steps away. Disappointed. Dejected. But determined to
text: see the night through, he waits in the parking lot.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY LANE PARTY CENTER - PARKING LOT - LATER
text: The prom lets out. Bridget’s leaving with friends. Jeff
dialog: approaches.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m not talking to you. They’re taking
dialog: me home.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Wait, no. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Where’d you go?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Look, they wouldn’t let me back in but
dialog: I didn’t drink. I just stepped out to
dialog: get fresh air and it’s not my fault.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: This is the worst night of my life.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Let me make it up to you.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: No.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Please. I meant for you to have a nice
dialog: evening.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: How? The prom’s over. Impossible.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: But, but, I promised your dad I'd
dialog: bring you home safe. I promised him.
text: Bridget stops in her tracks, now feels guilty.
scene_heading: INT. AMC PACER - TRAVELING - NIGHT
text: Jeff drives Bridget home. Jeff breaks the silence--
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Did everyone wonder where I was?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yeah. So?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Good.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGET’S HOME - DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: Like a gentleman, Jeff opens the car door for Bridget and
text: walks her to the door. She waits, as any confused young girl
text: might, for an obligatory kiss. Jeff shakes her hand, stiffly.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Good night.
text: Abruptly, and awkwardly, ending the evening.
scene_heading: INT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - HISTORY CLASS - DAY
text: Derf and Mike sit with their eyes locked on the clock. The
text: minute hand clicks toward 3:15pm--
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Five, four, THREE, TWO, ONE!
text: THE FINAL BELL RINGS. They burst out of their seats.
speaker_heading: MR. FEDELE
dialog: Have a good summer kids. Best of luck
dialog: in college.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Students tear out of the school, tossing notebooks in the
text: air. Revere High sign reads: CONGRATULATIONS SENIORS GOOD
speaker_heading: LUCK!
text: Derf, Kent, Mike, and Neil pile into the Chevy Vegas. They
text: blast WMMS FM, which fittingly plays Queen’s “We Are The
text: Champions.” Penny and girlfriends jump into another car to
dialog: follow them out.
text: Meanwhile, Jeff drags his feet and files onto a school bus.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeff walks by jubilant underclassmen and sits in the back
text: row. A sullen pout. His one safe haven has just ended.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS - TRAVELING - DAY
text: The bus stops. The last passengers file off.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
dialog: Hey, kid. Last stop.
text: Jeff trudges off the bus.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST BATH ROAD - DAY
text: Jeff walks up the hill, approaching his home.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: Jeff finds his mother Joyce hurriedly stuffing her last
text: couple of suitcases and boxes into the Oldsmobile Omega.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Mom, you're gonna miss my graduation
dialog: ceremony.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Your father will be there. We can’t be
dialog: at the same place.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Can I go?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: No, you'll already be in Wisconsin
dialog: with me and grandma. Get in.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Now?
dialog: 103.
text: Joyce and Dave get in and reverse out. Dave waves, naively.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jeff walks into the deathly silent house. Empty drawers.
text: Missing furniture. Yet, there’s the pink foot stool. Tipped
text: over and forgotten. He takes it in his hands and BASHES it
text: into pieces against the brick fireplace. Leads him to
text: collapse face down on the floor. A flood of tears.
scene_heading: EXT. REVERE HIGH SCHOOL - PRACTICE FIELD - DAY
text: Immediately after the graduation ceremony. A congratulatory
text: mood. Lionel hands his camera to another father and asks for
text: a photo of him with Jeff, wearing cap & gown. Lionel smiles
text: proudly. Jeff is blank.
scene_heading: INT. BACKDERF FAMILY HOME - DERF’S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: Derf stuffs his clothes into a duffel bag. Then shoves in
text: more random items, quickly realizing he’s missing something.
scene_heading: INT. BACKDERF FAMILY HOME - KITCHEN - EVENING
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Mom, I‘1l be right back. Gotta grab
text: some things at the store.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: But be back soon. I’m just about to
dialog: put your favorite Hawaiian chicken in
dialog: the oven.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: And pick up my last paycheck.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: We're sitting down, the whole family,
text: in little over an hour.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Okay. Gotcha.
text: Derf bursts out of the house.
scene_heading: EXT. ACME FRESH MARKET - PARKING LOT - EVENING
text: Exiting with a grocery bag of odds & ends, Derf waves back to
text: some fellow coworkers at the registers. He jumps back in his
text: car and speeds off.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: INT. CHEVY VEGAS - TRAVELING - EVENING
text: Windows down. Wind in the hair. Listening to Devo’s rendition
text: of “[I Can't Get No] Satisfaction,” Derf cruises the curvy
text: back roads of his hometown for one last evening.
text: Coming around a turn, his headlights catch a figure walking
text: on the side of the road. It’s Jeff. Derf pulls over.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Jeff. Hey, man.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Gweeetings! Baaa.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Ha. Wanna ride? Headed home?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Sure.
text: Jeff gets in.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: I was taking the long way. I leave
text: tomorrow morning for college. Taking
dialog: some summer classes.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No kidding.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: Derf and Jeff pull into the driveway. The house is completely
text: dark. Not even a light over the front door.
scene_heading: INT. CHEVY VEGAS - PARKED IN DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Wanna come in?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Geez, your house is dark.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah, I got it to myself. My dad’s
dialog: living with his girlfriend and my
dialog: mom’s gone to Milwaukee with my
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Are you bleeding?
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Nah. Just cut myself.
text: Jeff smudges some blood remnants on his jeans.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: So you're off to Ohio State?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: No, Pittsburgh, actually. Can’t wait,
dialog: taking art classes over the summer.
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Ah, I’m going to Ohio State, I think.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Really. So is Mike. Whataya gonna
dialog: major in?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Decowating! Thmmaaa!
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Thought Biology.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yep.
text: A strained silence. Derf senses Jeff is lying.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yep. We could pop open a beer. I got a
dialog: spleef left?...
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Oh, I couldn’t. I got dinner with my
dialog: folks soon. Look, I’m sorry - you
dialog: know, I think, wait, I do. I got some
dialog: in my backseat. Been packing up...
text: Derf reaches into the back seat and pulls out a sketch pad.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You got some of me?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Uh, huh. Here. The whole Fan Club. And
dialog: this one’s you playing fife. Was
dialog: supposed to be the cover of the
dialog: Yearbook but it got shot down.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Geez.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: And this early one. You can have ‘em.
text: Jeff takes a moment to look at himself in the cartoons.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I don’t want these.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Is everything okay?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Why would you say that?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Just askin’... I dunno... you know,
dialog: high school musta been hard for you.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Just had a lot on my mind. You sure
dialog: you don’t wanna come in?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: No hard feelings?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I feel nothing.
text: A strained pause.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: We were just having fun, you know?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I’m just like anybody else.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Yeah, it’s gonna be great. We’re all
dialog: heading on to exciting stuff. Mike’s
dialog: blowing off the summer workin’ at the
text: pool. Neil’s working for his dad, and
dialog: Kent got an office job in Cleveland.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah. I’1l figure it out. Just like
dialog: everybody else. How ‘bout one beer and
dialog: all's forgiven?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Okay.
text: They get out of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Derf steps toward the kitchen door. Moonlight spotlights the
text: Louisville Slugger left against the garage. Jeff is a couple
text: of strides behind him.
text: Jeff reaches forward and opens the door for Derf.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: It’s dark. Derf steps in. A strange heaviness jars him. He
text: turns around. Jeff happens to be oddly close, right in his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Oh. Hey, on second thought.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: I, uh, really should get a move on...
text: Jeff looks at Derf in a weird way, confirming Derf’s
text: instinct. Derf slides past Jeff.
scene_heading: EXT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Derf heads back to his car.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Sorry, my mom will kill me if I don’t
dialog: get back for dinner. See ya on the
dialog: flipside, Dahmer.
text: Jeff picks up the bat, following Derf to the car. A few steps
text: behind as Derf swiftly shuts his door and reverses out.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - NIGHT
text: Jeff heads back inside and lurks around the living room. No
text: lights. An eerie glow of splintered moonlight casts through
text: the windows. Those monstrous thoughts bubble up:
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Okay... alright... okay... alright...
scene_heading: EXT. BACKDERF FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - NEXT MORNING
text: Derf gets farewell hugs from his proud parents, Carol and
text: Richard. He tosses his duffel bag in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: We’re so proud of you, John.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Call us when you get to your dorm.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: We love you.
speaker_heading: DERF
dialog: Love you too, guys.
scene_heading: INT. CHEVY VEGAS - TRAVELING - LATER
text: Derf slows down and looks over at Dahmer’s home. The lights
text: are still all off. No life in sight. Derf slowly rolls past,
text: then continues up the hill and is gone.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - LIVING ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Empty beer cans on the carpet. A pizza delivery box too.
text: Seated on the sofa, a disheveled JEFFREY DAHMER stares
text: blankly out the large wall of open windows. Summer air and
text: the sounds of birds swoop in.
text: Jeffrey checks the refrigerator. It’s practically empty.
scene_heading: INT. DAHMER FAMILY HOME - DRIVEWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jeffrey gets in the AMC Pacer and tears out of the driveway.
text: 101 WMMS blares on the radio.
speaker_heading: DJ DENNY SANDERS
dialog: And this next song is dedicated to
dialog: everyone headin’ home from the Michael
dialog: Stanley concert at Chippewa Lake. He’s
dialog: one of Cleveland’s hometown favorites.
dialog: You’re turned to Buzzard Radio 101
speaker_heading: WMMS.
scene_heading: INT. AMC PACER - TRAVELING - LATER
text: Jeffrey cruises along Cleve-Mass Road with a six-pack of beer
text: on the passenger seat. He pounds one, then another.
scene_heading: APPROACHING SUMMIT MALL
dialog: 109.
text: Jeffrey spots a SHIRTLESS HITCHHIKER, 19, dark complexion and
text: washboard stomach, with his thumb up - hoping for a ride.
text: Jeffrey passes by, then impetuously decides to pull over. He
text: leans over and opens the car door. Via the rear view mirror,
text: Jeffrey watches the Shirtless Hitchhiker run to him.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hey, you just get out of the concert
dialog: too?
scene_heading: SHIRTLESS HITCHHIKER
dialog: Yeah! Great show.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Where you headed?
scene_heading: SHIRTLESS HITCHHIKER
dialog: I got this far, headed back to Akron.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Wanna party some more?
text: Jeff offers a beer.
scene_heading: SHIRTLESS HITCHHIKER
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Get in. My name’s Jeffrey.
text: Shirtless Hitchhiker gets in.
scene_heading: SHIRTLESS HITCHHIKER
dialog: Steven Hicks. Nice to meet you.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEVE-MASS ROAD - BATH, OH —- DAY
text: They drive off into the distance.
speaker_heading: SUPER:
dialog: On June 18, 1978, Steven Hicks returned to
text: Jeffrey Dahmer’s home.
dialog: He was never seen again.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
