dialog: "MY MOTHER DREAMS
text: THE SATAN'S DISCIPLES IN NEW YORK"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH DAKOTAN FARM - DAY
text: A lone farmhouse sits isolated against a prairie backdrop,
text: silhouetted by a marbled dawn sky.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: MARIAN PETERSON, a gray-haired woman in her late sixties,
text: meticulously packs a suitcase. She picks up a small, framed
text: PHOTO from a chest-of-drawers and holds it up to her.
scene_heading: INSERT - PHOTO
text: It's a picture of a man about Marian's age. He has a sweet
text: natured smile on his face. Marian looks at it longingly,
text: then packs it carefully in her suitcase between some sweaters
text: and closes it up.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: A paint-chipped truck rounds the corner on a dirt road
text: leading into the farm.
text: Marian, waiting on the porch, ready to go, rises and waves.
scene_heading: A FEW MOMENTS LATER -
text: Marian's son, STEVE, dressed in jeans and flannel shirt,
text: loads his mother's single piece of luggage into the bed of
text: the truck, climbs back into the cab, where his mother is
text: sitting, and drives off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE SKY - DAY
text: A JETLINER descending in the hot, cerulean sky.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KENNEDY INTERNATIONAL - AFTERNOON
text: Marian, looking a little forlorn and out of sorts, stands out
text: by the taxi area with her suitcase on a tote, looking around
text: for a cab, unsure what to do.
scene_heading: CURBSIDE - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: MISCHA, a somewhat dissolute-looking Russian cabbie in his
text: thirties, roughhouses Marian's single piece of luggage into
text: the dirty, cluttered trunk of his cab.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - DAY
text: Marian is sitting in the back of the cab as Mischa opens the
text: driver's side door and slams it shut, rattling Marian's
dialog: nerves.
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: (brusquely)
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Are you sure you got my bag in?
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: What do you think? I left it on the
dialog: curb?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I'm sorry, I'm a little nervous. It's my
text: first time in New York. Just a minute.
text: Marian fumbles with a piece of paper she's rooted out of her
dialog: purse.
text: Mischa, annoyed, slams the shift lever into Drive and lurches
dialog: off.
text: Marian leans forward into the rectangular opening of the
text: Plexiglas partition.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I want to go to 526 East 5TH. That's in
dialog: the East Village. My daughter said it
dialog: would cost thirty dollars.
text: In the REAR-VIEW MIRROR we glimpse Mischa giving Marian a sly
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOCATION - DAY
text: The TAXI passes on a turnpike, streaming with vehicles,
text: headed toward Manhattan. DRIVE-BY TRANSITION.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - DAY
text: Hurtling along. Marian cranes her head through the partition
text: and attempts to strike up a conversation with the surly
text: cabbie.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I came to New York to visit my youngest
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: And where is she?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: She would have come to the airport to
dialog: meet me - she wanted to - but ... but,
dialog: she just started a new job and, well, I
dialog: guess no one drives here.
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: So, you come here all by yourself?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Uh, yes. My husband passed away recently
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: ... Oh ...
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: ... And the children thought I should
dialog: take a trip.
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I'm from South Dakota. Where are you
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: Moscow.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Ohhh. Do you know the East Village?
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: Oh, yeah ... yeah ... it's a hellhole.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (disconcerted)
dialog: You mean it's dangerous?
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: Nah, not dangerous. Not that dangerous.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Not during the day.
text: Mischa chuckles as Marian sits back in the cab.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MARIAN -
text: looking out the window, her face clouded with consternation.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - DAY
text: Cars pouring into Manhattan over one of the many bridges
text: spanning the East River.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST 5TH STREET AND 2ND AVENUE - DAY
text: The cab brakes to a halt, bringing Marian INTO THE FRAME, her
text: face strickened with fear.
text: Marian climbs out of the cab as Mischa, in the background,
text: opens the trunk to retrieve her bag. Marian, taking in the
text: foreign surroundings, seems confused about something.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Pardon me, Mischa. Is this 526 East 5TH
dialog: Street?
text: Mischa closes the trunk and approaches Marian with her one
text: piece of luggage on a tote.
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: No, no. Sorry, I can't drive you to
text: door. There's a roadblock on Avenue B
dialog: ...
text: (he gestures down the street)
dialog: right there ...
scene_heading: MARIAN'S AND MISCHA'S P.O.V. -
text: At the far end of the block, we SEE a movable, blue NYPD
dialog: roadblock.
speaker_heading: BACK -
text: The two of them, Marian looking puzzled.
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: This is one-way street. You go down the
text: block to the middle.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (pointing uncertainly)
dialog: This way?
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: Yeah. Not far. You will be fine.
dialog: (beat)
text: It's still day.
text: He chuckles to himself, but Marian doesn't get the joke.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I see. How much?
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: Forty-five all total.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Forty-five? I thought it was only
dialog: supposed to be thirty?
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: Thirty is base price. Tolls, tax, tip
dialog: ... it all adds up.
text: Marian unsnaps her wallet and grudgingly hands the
text: disreputable cabbie two twenties and a five.
text: Mischa takes the money and starts away. Halfway back to his
text: cab, he turns around and calls out to Marian, who stands
text: frozen on the dilapidated street.
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: Hey, lady.
dialog: (Marian turns)
dialog: Hold purse like this.
text: Mischa hugs an imaginary purse close to his side. Marian
text: apes his advice in all seriousness.
speaker_heading: MISCHA
dialog: (nodding approval)
dialog: Good luck.
text: Mischa climbs back into his cab and peels off.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE -
text: HIGH DOWN WIDE of Marian standing forlornly at the end of the
text: street, a Dayton's shopping bag in one hand, her luggage
text: strapped to the tote in the other.
text: TITLE IS SUPERIMPOSED:
text: MY MOTHER DREAMS THE SATAN'S DISCIPLES IN NEW YORK
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST 5TH STREET - DAY - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Marian pulling her luggage apprehensively down the street.
text: She passes THE SQUATTERS, a motley group of homeless
text: teenagers, pierced, tattooed, wild hairdos and even wilder
dialog: attire.
speaker_heading: SQUATTER #1
dialog: Hey, lady, can you help us out with some
dialog: change today?
text: Marian, shocked by their circumstances, rolls her luggage
text: past them, smiling faintly.
speaker_heading: SQUATTER #2
dialog: Come on. Every little bit helps. A
dialog: little food, you know?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Maybe some other time.
speaker_heading: SQUATTER #1
dialog: Thanks a lot anyway.
text: Marian continues on. She's distracted by ...
text: A WOMAN in her thirties, who looks like she hasn't slept in a
text: week, bent over the railing of a second-story fire escape
text: balcony, in the throes of a veritable rage.
speaker_heading: WOMAN IN A RAGE
dialog: You forgot your fucking plant, you
dialog: fucking asshole!
text: Marian stares up at her, even more disconcerted than ever.
text: The enraged woman continues her tirade at an unseen old
dialog: boyfriend below.
speaker_heading: WOMAN IN A RAGE
dialog: And there's a lot of other shit in there
dialog: you forgot. Just wait there, I'm going
dialog: to go fucking get it for you, all right?
dialog: No, just wait there! Do you want me to go
dialog: get it for you? Well, why don't I just
dialog: do that, huh? I'm going to do that right
dialog: now!
text: Marian looks away and, intrepid Midwesterner that she is,
text: pushes on.
text: A MAN, dressed strangely, stands surreally in the middle of
text: the street, blowing huge clouds of cigarette smoke.
text: A GAY COUPLE parade past, laughing hysterically.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - AT THE END OF THE STREET -
text: A PACK of unmufflered, chrome-coruscating HARLEYS round the
text: corner in a ear-shattering approach.
speaker_heading: MARIAN -
text: stops dead in her tracks and stares in heartstopping terror.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE STREET -
text: The BIKERS, wearing their club's colors embroidered on blue
text: jeans, and leather, vests, back their motorcycles in a
text: uniform row against the curb, kill their engines, park them
text: at an angle on their kickstands, and dismount.
text: They high-five a biker known as the DISCIPLE PROSPECT, a
text: small, mean-looking man with a red bandana tied taut over his
text: head, and then disappear into the windowless clubhouse,
text: passing through a large, forbidding, black door with the
text: skeleton of Death riding a motorcycle painted on it.
text: The Disciple Prospect tosses the butt of a cigarette into a
text: rusted steel drum and flames erupt.
speaker_heading: MARIAN -
text: in horror, cannot pry her eyes away from them.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE -
text: An upstairs window on a six-story, red-brick co-op building.
text: PAULA, Marian's daughter, a pretty woman with short dark
text: hair, is leaning out the window, waving.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Mom! Hi! I'll be right down.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRONT SECURITY DOOR - A FEW MOMENTS LATER
text: Paula emerges to greet her mother.
text: Marian glances one last time across the street and exchanges
text: oblique looks with the Disciple Prospect, now parked on a
text: stool next to the burning drum. He seems to home in on her.
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - TWILIGHT - A FEW MOMENTS LATER
text: A nice, one-bedroom co-op, tastefully furnished. Paula is
text: unpacking Marian's things. Marian stands in the middle of
text: the apartment, feeling relaxed, if still a bit shaken, for
text: the first time since she arrived.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: So, what do you think?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Well, once you're inside, it's nice.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You don't like where I live?
text: Marian walks over to the window and peers out.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Well, when I walked up the block, I ...
dialog: well, my word!
speaker_heading: PAULA
text: That's New York. It looks rundown, but
dialog: it's safe during the day. You'll get
dialog: used to it.
text: Marian returns her gaze to the view out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - TWILIGHT - MARIAN'S P.O.V. -
text: Out the window. Two BIKERS stand with their arms
text: crisscrossed against their leather-vested chests, framing the
text: burning drum on the sidewalk, guarding the phalanx of
dialog: Harleys.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - NIGHT - LATER
text: Paula and Marian are sitting at the dining table. They're
text: studying one of those plastic laminated maps of New York that
text: you can buy everywhere. Paula is attempting to acquaint her
text: mother with Manhattan's complex public transportation system.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You take the M-15 bus all the way to ...
dialog: 79TH Street. And then you take the
text: crosstown bus to 5TH Avenue, and the
dialog: Metropolitan Museum of Art is right
dialog: there. You can't miss it.
text: Marian removes her glasses and fixes her gaze on her
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I wanted to ask you something. Those
text: motorcycles across the street ...?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Uh-huh?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: ... What are they all doing there?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: That's the Satan's Disciples' New York
dialog: headquarters.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: The motorcycle gang? Don't they deal
dialog: drugs and rape young girls?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I've never had any problem with them.
dialog: People say it's the safest block in the
dialog: East Village.
text: (lays a reassuring hand on her
dialog: mother's arm)
dialog: I just hope their motorcycles don't keep
dialog: you up at night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - NIGHT
text: CRANE UP to Marian lying wide awake on a convertible sofa
text: next to the street window. We (Marian!) hear VOICES,
text: MOTORCYCLES REVVING, POLICE SIRENS, followed by what sounds
text: like GUNFIRE, tires SCREECHING, a cacophony of sounds typical
text: of summer nights in the East Village.
text: We go UP and OVER Marian toward the window as imaginary
text: voices flood in and become intelligible.
speaker_heading: RANDOM VOICES (O.S.)
dialog: Did that shipment of heroin come in?
dialog: That old lady see them?
dialog: We can kill her if we have to.
text: RAUCOUS LAUGHTER erupts.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT - MONTAGE
text: A Kenneth Anger Scorpio Rising-like MONTAGE:
text: A black-booted foot kick-starts a Harley.
text: A gleaming chrome exhaust pipe vibrates and spits smoke.
text: A black-gloved hand revs a handle-bar accelerator.
text: A helmet is pulled down over a Hun-like face.
text: Flames roar in the steel drum as though a signpost in Hell.
text: One of the DISCIPLES, bare-chested, long-haired, sweating,
text: swings a baseball bat and calls out to Marian in a singsong
dialog: voice:
speaker_heading: BIKER
dialog: Oh, Marian ...
text: Another half-naked BIKER, arms tattooed up and down, has
text: Marian's suitcase open and is scattering her belongings out
text: into the street. He finds the framed photo of her deceased
text: husband and tosses it to the pavement. He raises his head
text: slowly with a sneer and looks up at ...
speaker_heading: MARIAN -
text: standing in the window in her nightgown, a hand covering her
text: mouth, looking down in utter terror on the fire-lit tableaux
dialog: of her nightmare.
scene_heading: THE BIKER ON THE STREET -
text: starts stomping on the photo with the heel of his boot,
text: shattering the glass. Then he removes the photo from the
text: frame and slowly drops it into the roaring conflagration in
text: the oil drum.
text: The other dawdling Disciples guffaw loudly.
speaker_heading: SLAM CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - NIGHT
text: Marian wakes with a start, consciousness giving way to a sigh
dialog: of relief.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CO-OP BUILDING - DAY
text: ESTABLISHING SHOT of Paula's red-brick co-op, splashed with
text: sunlight and framed by a bright blue sky.
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - DAY
text: It's quiet in the co-op. Marian is dusting the bookshelves
text: and humming to herself.
text: Behind a shelf of books she discovers a PHOTO ENVELOPE with
text: some snapshots in them. Curious, she has a look-see.
speaker_heading: SNAPSHOTS -
text: flipping through Marian's hands. They chronicle Paula and a
text: BOYFRIEND on a recent vacation to a Caribbean island. Marian
text: is amused by them ... until she comes to one showing Paula
text: with her bathing suit top off, arms raised giddily in the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: MARIAN -
text: gasps, then blushes and quickly replaces the pictures.
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - DAY - LATER
text: Marian is at the window, peering through the furling
dialog: curtains.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY - MARIAN'S P.O.V. -
text: Looking down on the Satan's Disciples' clubhouse. Two BIKERS
text: and their GIRLFRIENDS swagger out of the clubhouse, don their
text: helmets, mount their bikes, kick-start them to life and roar
text: off down the street.
speaker_heading: MARIAN -
text: draws away from the window. She picks up her "Streetwise
text: Manhattan" laminated map, puts her glasses on, looks at it,
text: debating whether to tackle the streets of New York or not.
scene_heading: A FEW MINUTES LATER -
text: Marian, determined now to get out of the co-op, pulls her
text: purse over her shoulder and grips it like the cabbie
text: instructed. Then she moves to the front door, opens it, and
text: steps warily out into the hallway. She freezes when she
text: HEARS THUNDERING FOOTSTEPS.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Marian cowers against the half-open door as a young MAN,
text: wearing faded jeans, black cowboy boots, and leather vest
text: over a naked torso, comes charging down the stairs pulled by
text: a frothing, pent-up BULLDOG on a leash.
text: As he passes, Marian retreats quickly back into her unit,
text: closes the door, and locks the locks from inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - NIGHT
text: Paula is hanging up her coat and setting down her briefcase,
text: an incredulous expression on her face, looking at ...
text: Marian, sitting in a chair by the window, leafing through a
dialog: magazine.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: (mildly rebuking)
dialog: You didn't leave the house all day?
text: Marian shrugs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK - DUSK
text: Manhattan skyscrapers framed against a twilit sky.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT/BAR - NIGHT
text: Marian and Paula are sitting at the bar. They each have a
text: glass of white wine in front of them. Paula is looking at
text: some PHOTOS of the farm that Marian has brought along.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Would you look at those strawberries.
dialog: They made the best jam.
dialog: (passes Paula the photos)
dialog: Here are some more pictures of the farm.
dialog: Crops were unbelievable this year.
text: Paula continues to browse through the snaps.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Plenty of rain. Your dad would have been
dialog: happy with that.
text: Marian removes a pill from a small vial she's rummaged out of
text: her purse and slips it discreetly into her mouth.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I just can't seem to focus on anything
dialog: these days.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: (turning to her mother)
dialog: That's why it's good you came to visit
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (washing her pill down with
dialog: some wine)
dialog: How are you doing sweetheart?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'm good.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Dating anyone?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: No, I'm working too much, I don't have
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: What about the fellow in those pictures?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What pictures?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: You know ...
dialog: (raises both hands in the air)
dialog: ... whoops!
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: Mother!
speaker_heading: MARIAN
text: Well, they were right out in plain view.
speaker_heading: PAULA
text: Behind the books.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: But I was dusting.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: (reluctantly explaining)
dialog: I was seeing Aaron and there were some
dialog: ... complications.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: He seemed quite taken with you.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I don't want to talk about it.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: You know, you never tell me anything.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: That's not true.
text: (lays a placating hand on her
dialog: mother's arm)
dialog: Besides, I don't want you dusting. I
dialog: want you to see New York.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST 5TH STREET - NIGHT
text: Marian and Paula, arm-in-arm, walk down the block back to her
dialog: building.
text: A MOTORCYCLE rounds the corner, slows to a crawl, and one of
text: the Satan's Disciples stares over at the two of them as if
text: casing them out. Paula won't look at him, but Marian can't
text: avert her gaze.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - NIGHT
text: Marian lying awake in bed, the ENGINES of the Disciples'
text: Harleys deafening ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SATAN'S DISCIPLES' CLUBHOUSE - NIGHT
text: DOLLY ACROSS a line of idling Harleys, the bikers, one at a
text: time in succession, switching their single-beam headlights
dialog: on.
text: PAN ACROSS the FACES of the Disciples, mounted on their
text: cycles, dark helmets, faded blue jeans jackets embroidered
text: with elaborate stitching of their club's insignia, cigarettes
text: dangling from their hirsute mouths, baleful-looking
text: countenances, revving their engines loudly, tauntingly.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE -
text: From across the street, Marian, appearing like an apparition
text: in her nightgown, surreally walks toward them, a beseeching
text: look on her face.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Excuse me. Could you please turn your
dialog: motorcycles off? They're so loud, I
dialog: can't sleep.
text: GO TO SLOW MOTION as the BIKERS, some ten in number, slowly
text: approach the frail-looking Marian. Gently, they pick her up
text: off the ground and raise her aloft. Then, like some moving
text: human bier, they carry her through the forbidding black door
text: into their clubhouse.
scene_heading: INT. CLUBHOUSE - NIGHT
text: We follow Marian down a dark corridor leading into the bowels
dialog: of the clubhouse.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DREAM CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: At the end of another corridor, a MAN stands, silhouetted
text: against an explosion of blue light. As we near the ghostly
dialog: figure, we REALIZE it's Marian's deceased husband.
dialog: There's a GUN SHOT.
speaker_heading: SLAM CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - NIGHT
text: Marian wakes with a start, clutching a hand to her breast.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - A FEW MOMENTS LATER
text: Marian shakes a Valium out of a vial, puts it into her mouth,
text: swallows it with a drink of orange juice.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAULA'S CO-OP - THE NEXT DAY
text: Marian, not wanting to be a disappointment to her daughter,
text: damn her fears, gathers her purse up and starts out the door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Marian is again prevented from an easy exit when a young, hip
text: looking COUPLE come bounding down the stairs. As she stands
text: at her open door to let them pass, they completely ignore her
text: as if she didn't exist.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST 5TH STREET - DAY - A FEW MOMENTS LATER
text: Seen from Marian's perspective across the street, the front
text: of the Satan's Disciples headquarters is quiet. There are
text: only a couple Harleys parked out front.
text: Marian, relieved that there are no bikers out, hurries off in
text: the direction of First Avenue, determined to see the sights
dialog: of the city.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - DAY - MONTAGE
text: A giddy, almost dreamlike, MONTAGE of Marian touring New
text: York. She's SUPERIMPOSED over famous landmarks, as if she
text: were standing stationery and the city were in a diorama
text: rotating all around her. The Empire State Building; Circle
text: Cruise Line; eating a hot dog from a street vendor; shopping
text: at Macy's. Marian beams as she is magically whisked along,
text: walking on air.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST 5TH STREET - DAY
text: Marian comes INTO THE FRAME around the corner. She has a
text: spring in her step and a broad smile emblazoning her face.
text: But her sanguine mood is quickly shattered when she HEARS
text: shouting. She freezes in her tracks.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE STREET - THE SATAN'S DISCIPLES HEADQUARTERS -
text: The Disciple Prospect and another Biker are roughing up a
text: teenage KID, wrestling him into submission.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: You're just chilling, huh? Not on this
dialog: block, do you understand?
speaker_heading: MARIAN -
text: at the security door of Paula's building. She rummages
text: anxiously through her purse, but she can't find her keys!
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Oh, no.
text: Marian glances across the street, her face tensed with fear.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE STREET -
text: The Bikers continue to roughhouse the Kid. The Disciple
text: Prospect brandishes a plastic bag under his nose.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: What's this, huh?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: I ain't got shit on me.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: What is that? You're chilling, man?
dialog: Well, then maybe we need to warm things
dialog: up for you, man. How many times do we
dialog: got to tell you? You don't listen and
dialog: you don't learn and that's the problem.
dialog: That is the problem.
speaker_heading: MARIAN -
text: turns away from the escalating violence across the street and
text: punches one of the buttons on the intercom. A WOMAN'S VOICE
text: crackles over it.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: My daughter lives here and I'm her mother
dialog: and I've lost my keys.
text: There's no answer.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Hello? Hello?
text: Marian returns her frightened gaze to the altercation across
dialog: the street.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE STREET - MARIAN'S P.O.V.
text: Two more DISCIPLES emerge from the clubhouse. One of them
text: squirts lighter fluid on the fire burning in the steel drum
text: and the flames explode. Then KID is dragged over toward the
text: fire. The Disciple Prospect drags him dangerously close to
text: the flames.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE
dialog: Roast him!
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: All right all right all right.
speaker_heading: MARIAN -
text: petrified, as if she'd stepped into a re-enactment of a
text: passage out of Revelations, walks briskly down to the middle
text: of the block toward a pay phone.
scene_heading: DISCIPLES CLUBHOUSE -
text: The Disciples kick the drug-dealing Teenager a couple more
text: times, then set him free, laughing as he flees down the block
text: in mortal fear.
speaker_heading: PAY PHONE -
text: Marian drops the appropriate coins in the coin slot and dials
dialog: a number from memory.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (quavery voice)
dialog: Yes, is Paula there? ... Could you leave
dialog: her a message, please? Tell her it's
dialog: urgent.
dialog: (gathers herself)
text: Her mother has lost her keys and is
text: stranded on the street with the Satan's
dialog: Disciples ... When she comes back, would
dialog: you tell her to come home as quickly as
dialog: she can? ... Thank you.
text: Marian hangs up the phone and turns, quails in terror.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE -
text: The Disciple Prospect is towering over her, staring down at
text: her with a scowl on his face.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Oh, please, don't hurt me.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: I just need to use the phone, lady.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Oh, let me get out of your way then.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: What happened? Did you lose your keys?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (withdrawing anxiously)
dialog: Have a nice day.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT -
text: Marian walks quickly ACROSS THE FRAME. As she EXITS RIGHT,
text: the Disciple Prospect ENTERS LEFT and trails after her.
scene_heading: EXT. PAULA'S BUILDING - DAY - A FEW MOMENTS LATER
text: Marian is at the front entrance, uncertain what to do. She
text: quailss when the Disciple Prospect approaches. Without a
text: word, he reaches his arm over her and presses a buzzer to one
dialog: of the units.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
text: Washing machine repairman.
text: The DOOR BUZZES almost at once, and the Disciple Prospect
text: pushes it in and holds it open until Marian is safely inside.
text: He looks at her a little annoyed. Marian is absolutely
text: nonplussed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP HALLWAY - LATER THAT DAY
text: Paula comes running up the stairs. She stops when she SEES:
speaker_heading: MARIAN -
text: sitting on the floor, propped against the door to their unit.
text: Paula shakes her head reprovingly at her mother who just
text: shrugs, chagrined.
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - BATHROOM - NIGHT - LATER
text: Paula is in the bathroom. She has her mother's vial of
text: Valium in her hand.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Maybe you should lay low tomorrow. I'm
dialog: going to see if I can get off early and
dialog: maybe we can take the ferry cruise.
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM -
text: Marian is standing at the window looking down on the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT - MARIAN'S P.O.V.
text: The Disciples are backing their bikes against the curb,
text: parking them, and filing into the clubhouse.
speaker_heading: BATHROOM -
text: Paula dispenses the remaining pills into the palm of her
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Three left.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM -
text: Marian looking apprehensively down at the Disciples'
text: headquarters, stupefied.
text: Paula emerges from the bathroom in the background. Marian
text: doesn't turn to acknowledge her. She continues to stare
text: transfixed at the bikes and the fire-burning oil drum.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: (softer)
dialog: Okay? Does that sound like a plan?
text: Marian doesn't answer.
text: Paula stands some distance from her distracted mother, a
text: worried expression featured on her face.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - DAY
text: Looking through the security eyepiece, a FISH-EYE LENS SHOT
text: of an attractive, but distraught woman in her twenties,
text: puffing a cigarette, eyes red and swollen from crying.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: MARIKA
dialog: It's Marika. Is Paula there?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: She's at work. I'm her mother.
speaker_heading: MARIKA
dialog: Oh. I thought today was Saturday.
text: Marian, seemingly reassured, opens the door for her. She
text: sees Marika, realizes she's upset about something, and feels
text: immediately compassionate toward her.
speaker_heading: MARIKA
dialog: I'm sorry. I had a wretched night.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Oh. You need a cappuccino.
text: And she lets Marika in.
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - DAY - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: They're sitting at the dining table, having coffee. Marian
text: is listening sympathetically to Marika's tale of woe.
speaker_heading: MARIKA
dialog: And there was this number on my phone
dialog: bill that I didn't recognize. Calls made
dialog: at three and four in the morning. So, I
dialog: called the number ... and a woman
dialog: answered. And I ... I hung up.
dialog: (leans forward)
dialog: So, then I followed him. Just like in
dialog: the movies. And I found out that he has
text: a wife and a little girl living in
dialog: Brooklyn. We had been going together for
dialog: almost a year.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (shaking her head in disgust)
dialog: Men ... they're all the same.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Our pastor in Sioux Falls was caught with
dialog: his wife's sister.
speaker_heading: MARIKA
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Oh, it was such a big scandal.
speaker_heading: MARIKA
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Poor man had to leave town.
dialog: (Marika laughs)
dialog: And I hear that other women came forward.
text: This makes Marika laugh even harder. Marian's story seems to
text: have assuaged her own grief in some parallel way.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: You know, you ought to come out to South
dialog: Dakota some time and meet my son, Steve.
dialog: He's single.
speaker_heading: MARIKA
dialog: What does he do?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: He's an organic farmer.
speaker_heading: MARIKA
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Oh. Well, that would be a ... change.
dialog: (smiles warmly)
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Peterson. You have a
text: very reassuring voice.
text: The Disciple's MOTORCYCLES GROWL OFF SCREEN, interrupting
dialog: their tête-à-tête.
text: Marian and Marika both rise simultaneously from the table and
text: amble over to the window together.
speaker_heading: MARIKA
dialog: I wish they wouldn't come and go in
dialog: packs, then they wouldn't be so loud.
text: They reach the window.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY - MARIAN'S AND MARIKA'S P.O.V.
text: The Disciples dismounting from their bikes below, shutting
text: down their engines and removing their helmets.
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - DAY
text: At the window, Marian and Marika standing side by side.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I wonder what they do in there? Don't
dialog: they frighten you? They all look so ...
speaker_heading: MARIKA
dialog: ... Manly?
text: Marian does a double-take and throws a backward glance at
dialog: Marika.
speaker_heading: MARIKA
dialog: You know, probably none of them had a
dialog: mother like you.
text: Marian and Marika smile at each other.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST 5TH STREET - DAY
text: Marian's FOOT STEPS OFF THE CURB.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE -
text: Marian crosses the street headed in the direction of the
text: Satan's Disciples headquarters.
text: The Disciple Prospect is sitting alone, guarding the line of
text: parked Harleys. He's wearing dark aviator shades and his
text: trademark red bandana tied over his head. Marian steps
text: bravely right up to him.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Excuse me, sir.
dialog: (the Disciple Prospect looks
dialog: up, poker-faced)
dialog: I just wanted to thank you for helping me
dialog: get into my building yesterday.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: Yeah, sure, no problem, you're welcome.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: My daughter lives across the street from
dialog: you people and she tells me that you keep
dialog: this area safe. Is that true?
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: We like to think so, yeah.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: And you don't deal drugs?
text: The Disciple Prospect removes his sunglasses and looks at her
text: mock reprovingly.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: Who told you we deal drugs?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I'm just concerned about my daughter.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: You don't have to worry. She's going to
dialog: be fine. We're law-abiding citizens just
dialog: like you.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: What about yesterday? Kicking that poor
dialog: boy?
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: (mildly annoyed)
dialog: That poor boy's a crack dealer from
dialog: Alphabet City. We do not allow his kind
dialog: on this block.
text: Marian seems to accept the explanation. She glances up.
scene_heading: THE CLUBHOUSE DOOR -
text: The black, forbidding door leading into the clubhouse with
text: its painting of Death on a stylized Harley, gripping
text: lightning bolts for handlebars.
scene_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT -
text: looking at Marian looking up at the door.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: Is there something else I can do for you?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Well, I'd love to see inside your club.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: You want to come inside?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Well, if you're not holding a meeting or
dialog: anything.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUBHOUSE ENTRANCE - DAY - A FEW MOMENTS LATER
text: The Disciple Prospect emerges from the club with the HEAD
text: DISCIPLE, a gentle giant of a man with a long, flowing wispy
text: beard and an old man's paunch. They're muttering about
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
text: Her daughter lives across the street and
dialog: she was wondering ...
speaker_heading: HEAD DISCIPLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: She's curious ...
text: The Head Disciple glances over at Marian standing curbside,
text: expectantly awaiting approval. He sees that she's ingenuous.
speaker_heading: HEAD DISCIPLE
dialog: What the hell ...
dialog: (calling out to Marian)
dialog: Come on in.
text: Marian, smiling, comes forward.
speaker_heading: HEAD DISCIPLE
text: (pointing to the steps leading
dialog: up to the door)
dialog: You watch your step here.
text: And the three disappear inside.
scene_heading: INT. SATAN'S DISCIPLES' CLUBHOUSE - DAY
text: The hallway leading into the clubhouse is dark and gloomy.
text: ROCK MUSIC assails them as they make their passage into the
text: main room.
scene_heading: CLUBHOUSE MAIN ROOM -
text: They reach the main room where about ten or so DISCIPLES are
text: lounging about. One has his nose in a book, The Road Less
text: Traveled. Another reads the Wall Street Journal. Two others
text: are seated at a card table, playing a game of poker. Still
text: another is sprawled on a couch, smoking a cigarette. The
text: walls are festooned with biker posters. The place is a bit
text: of a mess, but innocuous.
text: The Head Disciple stands in the center of the room and
text: addresses his clan.
speaker_heading: HEAD DISCIPLE
dialog: Hey, guys. This here is, uh ...
text: He turns to Marian, realizing he doesn't know her name.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: Marian.
speaker_heading: HEAD DISCIPLE
dialog: (booming voice)
dialog: Marian!
text: A CHORUS OF VOICES
dialog: Hi, Marian.
dialog: Hey, Marian.
dialog: Yo, Marian.
text: Marian blushes at their warm response to her unexpected
dialog: appearance.
speaker_heading: HEAD DISCIPLE
dialog: (explaining her visit)
text: Marian's daughter lives across the street
dialog: and she was a little worried about her.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE #1
dialog: Swear to God, lady, she's not here.
text: Laughter erupts. Marian smiles.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE #2
dialog: Hey, is she cute?
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE #3
dialog: Does she like motorcycles?
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE #4
dialog: Can she cook?
text: Amiable laughter fills the room. Marian laughs with them.
text: She glances all around her, fascinated by this dungeon she
dialog: had dreamed and fantasized about since she first arrived in
dialog: New York.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: You know, this isn't so bad. It looks
dialog: like our kids' rooms when they were
dialog: growing up.
scene_heading: INSERT SHOTS -
text: of overflowing ashtrays, crushed beer cans, fast food
text: wrappers balled up and strewn on tables.
speaker_heading: BACK -
text: to Marian, her brow knitted thoughtfully in a schoolmarmish
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Could use some cleaning.
scene_heading: INSERT SHOTS -
text: of several of the Disciples' FACES, turning to her in SLOW
text: MOTION with mock baleful looks of disapprobation.
dialog: THERE'S A BEAT, then ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLUBHOUSE - DAY - MONTAGE
text: A MONTAGE, with abbreviated SCENES DISSOLVING one into
text: another of Marian supervising a thorough, top-to-bottom
dialog: cleaning of the clubhouse:
text: One Disciple sprays Easy-Off in a blackened oven.
text: Another empties ashtrays.
text: Yet Another vacuums.
text: Still others pick up wrappers from under the couch, while
text: Marian wags a reproving finger at them.
text: One Disciple tosses the contents of an ashtray under the
text: couch while Marian isn't looking.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLUBHOUSE - DAY - MONTAGE CONTINUING - LATER
text: Marian in the kitchen, wearing the cut-off blue jeans
text: insignia jacket of the Satan's Disciples, their colors
text: emblazoned on the back. She pops the top on a can of beer
text: and pours some of it into a huge pot of chili she's stirring
text: over a stove, while the Disciples sit patiently in the
text: background at a bar awaiting the food.
text: Marian tries a sip of the beer and some of the Disciples
text: smile approvingly.
scene_heading: A FEW MOMENTS LATER -
text: Marian ladles chili into all of their bowls in a series of
speaker_heading: JUMP CUTS.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLUBHOUSE - DAY - STILL LATER
text: All the Disciples are huddled around Marian in the middle of
text: the clubhouse, as if she were the mother hen, arms folded
text: across their chests, smiles creasing their faces, sated.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Well, I'd better be going. It was nice
dialog: meeting all of you.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE #1
dialog: Thanks, Marian.
scene_heading: CHORUS OF OTHER DISCIPLES
dialog: Thanks, Marian.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE #2
dialog: The food was outstanding.
text: Marian starts off.
speaker_heading: HEAD DISCIPLE
dialog: You know, if we can do anything for you,
dialog: Marian, you just let us know.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (turns, considers for a moment)
dialog: Well, there is one thing.
dialog: (beat, mildly scolding)
dialog: At night, your motorcycles are so darn
dialog: loud, I'm not getting much sleep. Now,
dialog: I'm going home in a few days, so ...
dialog: could I ask you to keep them quiet?
text: Some of the Disciples exchange petulant looks, rolling their
text: eyes at the request.
speaker_heading: HEAD DISCIPLE
dialog: (mollifying)
dialog: Well, we'll, uh, see what we can do,
dialog: Marian.
text: All the Disciples break into laughter.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - DAY
text: A narrow, stand-alone ten-story isosceles-shaped office
text: building, on an island of land in downtown Manhattan.
text: ESTABLISHING SHOT.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Paula, with her mother in tow, knocks on an open office door.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE -
text: DON PALMER, an avuncular-looking man in his mid-forties rises
text: from his desk.
speaker_heading: MR. PALMER
dialog: Come in.
text: Paula and Marian enter the office and halt mid-room across
text: from his desk.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Don, this is my mother.
dialog: (turns to Marian)
dialog: Mom, this is my boss, Don Palmer.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: Oh, it's so nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: MR. PALMER
dialog: We're very glad to have your daughter
dialog: working for us.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (blurting out)
dialog: I met the Satan's Disciples today.
speaker_heading: MR. PALMER
dialog: (chuckling nervously)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Mother, I ...
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (waving her daughter off)
dialog: My daughter lives right across the street
text: from the Satan's Disciples' clubhouse,
dialog: and I was so worried about her ...
dialog: so, I went over and introduced myself.
dialog: And they were the nicest people.
text: Paula and Mr. Palmer exchange disquieting glances.
speaker_heading: MR. PALMER
dialog: (playing along)
dialog: Well, that's a very unusual New York
dialog: experience.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I had a wonderful time.
text: Paula is in a mild state of shock hearing her mother's
dialog: fantastical anecdote.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - NIGHT
text: Paula is sitting at the dining table with a plate piled with
text: roast chicken, potatoes, and broccoli in front of her. She
text: has a worried look etched on her face.
text: Marian is in the kitchen in the background, feeling light and
text: happy, a singsong quality to her voice. She brings a plate
text: of food for herself to the table.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: And they were so friendly those young
dialog: men. Though I do think they should shave
dialog: their beards and ... and get some nicer
dialog: clothes.
text: Marian sits down at the table and takes a sip of her wine,
text: picks up her utensils and gets ready to dig in. She turns to
text: Paula who isn't touching her food, her head in her hands.
text: Marian, seemingly oblivious of her daughter's feelings,
text: prattles on.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: What do you say ... we take a subway
dialog: uptown and see a play tonight?
text: Marian finally notices that Paula isn't listening.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Mom ... I mean, it's amusing to imagine
dialog: such a thing, but ... how many of those
dialog: pills have you been taking?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (stung, taken aback)
dialog: Oh, that has nothing to do with it.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: No, no, it's my fault. I've been pushing
dialog: you too hard to do things on your own.
text: Marian retreats into herself, sips her wine - as if she,
text: herself, now wonders if she's lost her mind - and her buoyant
text: mood deflates almost at once.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: The, um, other night, I got up to get a
dialog: glass of water and you were standing by
dialog: the window talking to daddy. I called
dialog: out to you, but you didn't answer. You
dialog: remember?
text: Marian doesn't remember, and her daughter's words pierce her.
text: She's afraid to object.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: New York is a ... it's a strange place in
text: the summertime. The noise, the warm air,
dialog: it's ... easy to imagine things.
text: Paula lays a reassuring hand on Marian's arm, talks to her
text: condescendingly, as if she were a child.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Now, you know you didn't go into the
dialog: clubhouse, did you?
text: Marian doesn't bother to argue, fearing anything she might
dialog: say would compromise her.
speaker_heading: PAULA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay. Dad's dying put a lot of
dialog: stress on you. But you're going to be
dialog: all right. We're all going to be all
dialog: right. Where did you get this vivid
dialog: imagination, huh?
text: Paula grips Marian's arm a little tighter and shakes it
text: gently as if snapping her back to reality. Marian returns
text: her a tight-lipped smile.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - NIGHT
text: Marian, lying supine on the convertible sofa bed by the open
text: window, snoring peacefully.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST 5TH STREET - NIGHT
text: On the sidewalk, the Disciple Prospect sits next to the fire
text: breathing oil drum, standing sentry over the Harleys.
text: One of the Disciples comes out of the clubhouse and they high
text: five. The Disciple mounts his Harley and is about to kick
text: start it to life, when the Disciple Prospect rises from his
dialog: stool.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: Yo, man!
text: The Disciple about to start his bike, turns.
text: The Disciple Prospect raises two fingers to his lips in a
text: kind of warning, then gestures up to Paula's co-op where
text: Marian is sleeping.
text: The Disciple, remembering the new rule, nods assent with a
text: slightly annoyed expression.
text: Then, he puts his Harley into neutral, dismounts, and starts
text: slowly walking it down the quiet, ill-lit street.
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - NIGHT
text: The room is cast in soft ambient light from the street.
text: Paula comes into the living room and lies down next to her
text: mother on the sofa bed and rouses her awake. Marian swims
text: leadenly back to consciousness.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Mom, I need to talk to you.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (still drowsy)
dialog: If it's about the bikers, dear, I don't
dialog: want to talk about it.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: No, I had a dream about daddy. Do you
dialog: think I'll ever meet anyone like him?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Oh, I hope so, dear.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You know that guy in the pictures you
dialog: saw?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Aaron?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Yeah ... turned out to be a real jerk.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Marian pats her daughter on the arm. Paula pricks up her
text: ears for a minute.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: It's unusually quiet tonight, isn't it?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Mm hmm.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: A lovely, sun-drenched day. Shadows dapple a promenade along
text: one of the park's many ponds. Paula and Marian walk arm-in
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I think you should consider coming out
dialog: and staying with me longer.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Oh, I don't want to be in the way.
dialog: You've got your career and everything.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You wouldn't be in the way. I like
dialog: having you around.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Dear, I was thinking. Why don't we go to
dialog: Paris next year? I've never been. Your
dialog: father, God bless him, wasn't much for
dialog: traveling.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'd love to.
text: They walk off into the golden light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CO-OP - DAY
text: Marian is finishing up her packing. Paula comes from the
text: kitchen, bearing a gift for her mother to take home with her.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Here you go.
dialog: (Marian accepts the gift)
dialog: I think you should talk to Dr. Byrne when
dialog: you get back about how much Valium he's
dialog: prescribing. Okay?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: At my age, I'm going to take any pill
dialog: that makes me feel better.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Mother!
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I can make my own decisions.
text: Paula extends her arms and embraces her mother.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I love you, Mom.
dialog: (turns to leave)
dialog: I have to run. You remembered to call
dialog: the limousine service, right?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Mm hmm.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: (pulling on her backpack)
dialog: Well, bye. And have a safe trip ... and
dialog: ... Paris in the spring!
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (pensive)
dialog: Goodbye, sweetheart.
text: Paula blows her mother a kiss and Marian throws her daughter
text: a little wave.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST 5TH STREET - DAY
text: Marian steps down the stairs of her daughter's building. A
text: smile breaks out on her face when she SEES:
scene_heading: A MOTORCADE -
text: of idling Harleys in the middle of the street, waiting for
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MARIAN -
text: turns to the Head Disciple, materializing behind her,
text: carrying her luggage. He gestures with his head toward the
dialog: motorcycles.
scene_heading: THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET -
text: The Disciple Prospect takes Marian's luggage from the Head
text: Disciple and hauls it over to one of the waiting Harleys and
text: straps it on to the carrying rack.
text: Then, he helps Marian onto the back of the Harley she's going
text: to be riding to the airport. Gently, he places a helmet -
text: festooned with decals of fire-breathing reptiles - over her
text: head and affixes the chin-strap.
speaker_heading: DISCIPLE PROSPECT
dialog: All right?
text: Marian nods and beams at the same time.
text: The other Harleys form a circle around Marian's motorcycle.
text: The Disciple Prospect gives them a signal and they start off,
text: one by one, forming a V-shaped procession.
text: Marian, completely comfortable on her motorcycle, her arms
text: around her Disciple escort, her fever dream now manifest.
text: CRANE UP as the procession heads down East 5TH.
speaker_heading: WHITE OUT -
dialog: 
dialog: 
