dialog: MY NAME IS BRUCE
dialog: Screenplay by Mark Verheiden
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE - DUSK
text: OPEN on green hills, hidden under mysterious swathes of
text: ground fog. There’s an eerie quiet as the sun sinks and
text: the shadows lengthen...
text: PAN DOWN to a “Welcome To Sawville, Population 2649”
text: sign. The city’s motto, “We Came, We Sawed, We
text: Prospered” scrolls over a cartoon image of a sawmill.
text: Suddenly, an entire 12 pack of
text: EGGS splat the sign, yolk dripping as we HEAR METAL MUSIC
text: and a KID WHOOPING over the ROAR of a pick-up truck.
scene_heading: INT. PICK-UP - NIGHT
text: In the truck, two teenagers (CLAYTON and JEFF) roar down
text: a back road. Jeff, wearing an EVIL DEAD tee shirt, is
text: driving. As they approach a row of
scene_heading: RURAL MAIL BOXES,
text: Clayton, sporting a John Deere cap, finishes a beer,
text: tosses the empty and grabs a baseball bat from behind the
text: driver’s seat, noticing a pile of DVDs and comic books.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Thought I told you to ditch all
dialog: this monster movie stuff.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What’s wrong with it?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Sheesus, Jeff...
text: As they pass the mailboxes Clayton leans out the window
text: and swings, smashing the boxes and sending plumes of
text: letters into the air.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Mail’s in!
dialog: (back to Jeff)
dialog: ..+.-when are you going to grow up?
dialog: I’m trying to get you laid, but
dialog: how’s that going to happen when
dialog: first thing the chick sees is...
dialog: (grabs DVD)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 2.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLAYTON (CONT'D)
dialog: .»+.some piece of shit starring
dialog: “Bruce Campbell”...
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What did you say...?
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Jeff suddenly SLAMS ON THE BRAKES and the truck fishtails
text: to a stop, dust washing up over the cab.
scene_heading: INT. PICK-UP
text: As Clayton lurches forward then back, Jeff glares him.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Take it back.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Bruce Campbell is the greatest
dialog: actor of his generation!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: You're kidding, right?
dialog: (going through boxes)
dialog: “Mindtrap?” “Alien Apocalypse?”
dialog: “Cavealien?”
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: Shut up! That’s a good one!
text: Clayton flips the box, dramatically reading the blurb.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: “Bruce Campbell IS Lt. Jack
text: Stryker, a rogue clone-warrior and
dialog: mankind’s last hope against the
dialog: deadly Cavealiens.”
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah? So?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Dude, forget thumbs, Ebert
dialog: wouldn’t wipe his crack with this
dialog: trash!
text: Jeff grabs the DVD away from him, angry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Get out of the truck.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Whoa, slow down...
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You don’t like Bruce, you walk.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I loved Army Of Darkness!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Everybody loved that one!
dialog: (anger abating)
dialog: But... all right.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (a *whew* )
dialog: Now, could we please go get laid?
text: Jeff begrudgingly puts the truck into gear, headlights
text: stabbing the shadows as they careen down the dusty road.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD CHINESE GRAVEYARD - DUSK
text: TIME PASSES and the truck’s headlights wash across the
text: dilapidated arches of an old GRAVEYARD. As the truck
text: rolls through the arches, pan across another
scene_heading: OLD, HALF-ROTTED SIGN
text: identifying this new location cryptically with some
text: painted Asian characters, along with a few broken English
text: words of warning: PRO ECTE FO THOSE WH DIE . BEWA E
scene_heading: HOSE WITHOUT EAN URD. ("Protected for those who died.
dialog: Beware those without bean curd.”) As
text: HEADLIGHTS stab the moonlit darkness, Jeff's pick-up
text: SMASHES OVER the sign and skids to a stop. PULL OUT to
dialog: reveal a
text: DILAPIDATED CHINESE GRAVEYARD, nestled in the shadow of a
text: tall hill. Rotted sticks with faded Chinese characters
text: jut from the ground. Barely visible somewhere in the
text: background is a long abandoned mine-shaft, barely visible
text: in the mountainside. After a moment,
text: JEFF STEPS OUT OF THE TRUCK, flashlight in hand. The
text: BEAM dances through the darkness and across the grave
text: markers, some tagged with wisps of tattered cloth, others
text: broken and jagged. As Jeff moves up to one of the
text: markers, staring at it...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: SOMEONE SUDDENLY GRABS HIM FROM BEHIND!
text: Jeff JUMPS UP with a SCREAM and turns his light,
text: revealing LITTLE DEBBIE. A creepy teenage Goth chick
text: with multiple piercings and heavy mascara.
speaker_heading: LITTLE DEBBIE
dialog: You scream like a girl.
text: Next to her looms another teenager, BIG DEBBIE. She's
text: REAL big, well over six feet. Their car’s parked nearby,
text: hidden by the darkness.
speaker_heading: LITTLE DEBBIE (CONT’D)
dialog: (eying graves)
dialog: Come on, Big Debbie. lLet’s check
dialog: it out.
text: The Debbies exchange excited “let’s check it out!” looks
text: and bolt to explore the graveyard.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Big Debbie and Little Debbie.
dialog: From the Apple Festival.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I thought they blew us off.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: They blew you off, “Evil Dead.”
dialog: (nods at Goth girl)
dialog: When I told the Mascara Queen
dialog: about this old boneyard she
dialog: practically dry-humped me on the
dialog: spot.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: She’s kind of cute.
text: Clayton notices Jeff's anxious/horny look.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Don’t worry, hard-on. Morticia’s
dialog: all yours.
dialog: (eyes on Big Debbie)
dialog: I’m going human fly on that
text: skyscraper.
text: As they follow the girls into the graveyard, Goth “Little
text: Debbie” hesitates, looking across the stones.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: CLAYTON (CONT’D)
dialog: The graves haven’t been touched in
dialog: years. We’re all alone out here.
speaker_heading: LITTLE DEBBIE
dialog: (reverent)
text: It looks ancient. Historic. This
dialog: place must have meant a lot to
dialog: these people.
text: Suddenly Little Debbie gleefully KICKS DOWN a grave
text: marker.
speaker_heading: LITTLE DEBBIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Let’s break something!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: As long as it’s not my heart.
text: Jeff makes his move on Goth Little Debbie. He’s doing a
text: faux Bruce Campbell riff, but Little Debbie, stomping
dialog: apart ancient grave markers, couldn’t care less.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you say? Gimme some
dialog: sugar, baby.
speaker_heading: LITTLE DEBBIE
dialog: What?
text: Jeff gets in front of her. Working it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Come on. We can dance the “hard
dialog: to get” all night, but if this
dialog: game’s called eye-tag...
text: Jeff takes Little Debbie in his arms, staring with
text: smoldering Campbell-esque intensity into her eyes.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: .-»-your lips say I’m “it.”
text: Little Debbie stares at him, almost like she’s
text: succumbing, then she suddenly SPITS her gum in his face.
text: As it bounces off his nose, Jeff releases Little Debbie
text: and she runs across the graveyard.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Mmm. Juicy Fruit.
text: As the girls move off, laughing and throwing “you freak”
text: looks at Jeff, Clayton leans close to Jeff.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 6.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Smoooooth, “Brucie.”
text: Clayton takes off across the old graveyard with the
text: Debbies, laughing as they vandalize more Chinese graves.
text: Jeff just stands there, struggling to maintain his
dialog: Campbell-esque cool.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Your loss, baby. Your loss...
text: Grumpy, Jeff picks up his flashlight and continues across
text: the graveyard, stumbling toward an
scene_heading: OLD MINE SHAFT.
text: Broken timbers surround a landslide of boulders that have
text: completely blocked the entrance. As his flashlight
text: washes across the rocks, something GLISTENS. Jeff turns,
text: like he wants to tell the others he’s found something,
dialog: but in the
text: GRAVEYARD all he can see are flickers of flashlights,
text: dancing across the darkness, and distant, mocking VOICES.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON (0.S.)
dialog: (distant)
dialog: “Here lies Hung Far Low, he dug
dialog: too deep, no Low no-mo...”
text: As LAUGHTER rings across the old graveyard, Jeff kneels
text: and grabs at the shiny object, pulling. It’s jammed in
dialog: tight, some sort of
text: SHINY AMULET. While Clayton and the girls continue to
text: yell in the darkness, Jeff pulls harder, really putting
text: himself into it, finally YANKING the amulet free. As
text: Jeff rolls back on his ass,
text: CAMERA pushes through the small hole into the avalanche
dialog: of rocks...
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Camera zooms in through the rock-slide, around wet cave
text: walls, past a broken HUMAN SKULL, until it closes on dark
text: red circle. It might just be a strange formation in the
dialog: rock, until
scene_heading: TWO RED DEMONIC EYES SUDDENLY OPEN.
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 7.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD CHINESE GRAVEYARD
text: Jeff backs away from the rock wall, studying the amulet
text: with his flashlight as he moves back into the graveyard.
text: Closer examination shows some faded CHINESE ETCHINGS in
text: the metal, and a glowering demonic face.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Groovy.
text: Suddenly, Jeff hears the faint rumble of falling rock
text: just behind him. Surprised, Jeff turns and shines his
text: light on the face of the
text: MINE SHAFT. A few pebbles and a puff of dust roll down.
text: Doesn’t look like much, and after watching for a second,
text: Jeff shrugs and looks back toward the graveyard.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey -- !
text: OUT OF FOCUS, behind Jeff, more rocks move as something
text: seems to be clawing free from the rubble. Jeff turns,
text: his eyes going wide as the rocks rumble free and there’s
text: an awful, unearthly ROAR.
speaker_heading: JEFF (CONT'D)
dialog: OH CHRIST SHIT!!
text: Terrified, Jeff bolts, tucking the talisman in his pocket
text: as he scrambles toward the
text: GRAVEYARD. Hearing Jeff's cries, Clayton (his hand
text: clamped firmly on Big Debbie’s boob) and the two girls
text: look over, assuming it’s a prank.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Son of a...
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: HOLY JESUS CRAPPING HELL!! RUN FOR
dialog: YOUR LIVES!!!
text: As Jeff races by, an oblivious Clayton continues to
dialog: fondle Big Debbie.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Wha...
text: Suddenly a SWORD SWOOSHES across frame. BLOOD SPRAYS.
text: Stunned, Big Debbie looks down at the hand still
text: clutching her boob, and realizes it’s been
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: CHOPPED OFF AT THE WRIST! As she SCREAMS, the mystic
text: blade suddenly SLASHES across her throat, blood gushing
text: from the wound.
text: JEFF races toward the pick-up as Big Debbie’s scream
text: stops. Suddenly something large and bloody FLIES over
dialog: his head,
text: CRASHING WITH A GOOEY SPLAT against the back of the
text: truck. As Jeff runs up, his flashlight finds Little
text: Debbie’s broken, bloodied body lying in a heap. Sticks
text: of Juicy Fruit spilling from her coat pocket.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: SHIT!!!
scene_heading: INT. PICK-UP - NIGHT
text: Scared, Jeff jumps into the truck, fumbling for the keys.
text: He fires it up, engine roaring, reaching for the
dialog: gearshift when
text: CLAYTON staggers to the window, smearing the glass with
text: blood gushing from his severed arm, clearly in shock.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Don’t leave me, man!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: AHHHH!!!!
text: There’s another unearthly ROAR from the released DEMON.
text: Terrified, Jeff PUNCHES IT. As the truck tears gravel, a
text: scared Jeff looks in the rearview and sees
text: CLAYTON staggering in the dust, illuminated by the
text: truck’s red tail lights. As Clayton staggers, arm
text: gushing blood, a large FIGURE surrounded by swirling,
text: windswept robes, RAISES A SWORD...
text: IN THE TRUCK Jeff can’t look as he drives crazily, Bruce
text: Campbell DVD’s sliding around on the seat...
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE (EXT. WOODS) - NIGHT
text: TIGHT on Bruce Campbell, shouting into the darkness.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hold it right there!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: For an instant, we think Bruce is yelling at Jeff. But
text: then we pull back, revealing that Bruce is wearing some
text: quasi-futuristic coveralls (CAVE PATROL patch on the
text: shoulder) and he’s yelling at
text: PETRA, a sultry blonde with a thick Russian accent,
text: wearing the same uniform.
speaker_heading: PETRA
dialog: Vat’s wrong vith you, Stryker?
dialog: We've got the Cavealien cornered!
text: (“Cavealien” is pronounced as one word.) PULL BACK to
text: reveal Bruce and Petra standing out a cave opening,
text: totally unlike the mine shaft at the beginning.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: So transmit the scans up to Delta-
dialog: Baker, plant some bio-blasters and
dialog: send out for Chinese. Your
dialog: Colonial Jarheads can handle the
dialog: shake and bake.
speaker_heading: PETRA
text: Col. Packer’s still trapped down
dialog: there!
text: Bruce throws a sarcastic look toward the cave.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Knew there was a reason I got up
dialog: this morning.
speaker_heading: PETRA
dialog: You bastard!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hey! Last time I saw Packer he
dialog: tried to put me in front of a
dialog: firing squad!
text: Petra SLAPS Bruce across the face.
speaker_heading: PETRA
dialog: Coward! I should have left you on
dialog: Regula Nine!
text: As she swings to slap him again, Bruce catches her hand.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: We both know you couldn’t do that.
text: Petra doesn’t pull away. Her expression says she knows
dialog: Bruce is right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: PETRA
dialog: I still can’t believe a loser like
dialog: you vas cloned from one of my dead
dialog: husband's cells.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That’s right, baby. They built me
dialog: out of your old man’s DNA. So how
dialog: about we share a little, mouth to
dialog: mouth?
speaker_heading: PETRA
dialog: You’re dees-gusting.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I’m aman. And I've been wanting
dialog: to do this ever since we landed on
dialog: this rock.
text: As Bruce kisses her, Petra reluctantly, then
text: enthusiastically accepts his kiss. The erotic moment
text: interrupted by a gurgling NOISE off screen.
speaker_heading: PETRA
dialog: What the --
text: Bruce whips out his “blaster.”
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Dammit! They’re all around us!
text: Petra throws a sarcastic look at Bruce.
speaker_heading: PETRA
dialog: Vooks like you get to play soldier-
dialog: boy after all!
text: A gelatinous MONSTER suddenly appears behind Petra,
text: rubbery tendrils flailing. Bruce aims his futuristic
dialog: blaster and
text: FIRES A SPARKY BLAST into the beast. Hit, the monster
text: ejaculates a great spew of alien goo. A gout hits Bruce
text: in the face and he reacts with disgust, then SURPRISE as
text: MORE and MORE alien glop geysers from the monster's
dialog: wound.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Je-sus H...
text: Bruce raises his hands to fend off the ridiculous amount
dialog: of “alien blood.”
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Easy on the ichor! I think we get
dialog: the point!
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Okay, cut!
text: PULL BACK to reveal the cave is actually a low budget
text: movie set for the movie CAVEALIEN (cave-alien) 2. The
text: DIRECTOR, a younger guy with a boyish attitude and
text: glasses a half inch thick, walks onto the set as Bruce
text: coughs up the last of the alien goo.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: That was aces, Bruce. Nice work.
text: The myopic Director keeps walking, running head first
text: into a fake tree. He bounces back, like this happens all
dialog: the time.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (wiping off goo)
dialog: You didn’t think it was a little
dialog: over the top?
text: The Director blinks behind his thick glasses.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: It’s Cavealien 2.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That’s not an answer.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Did you see Cavealien 1?
text: As the Director moves on, Bruce notices an overweight
text: male P.A. standing by craft services.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hey, Tiny. Fetch me a lemon
dialog: water, will ya?
text: The P.A. grabs a bottle from a nearby cooler and quickly
text: passes it over. Bruce gives the bottle a glance and
text: tosses it back at the P.A., annoyed.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Lemon. Le-mon.
dialog: (as P.A. hesitates)
dialog: Let’s go, Jumbo! Ondelay,
dialog: ondelay!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
text: The annoyed P.A. moves off toward a craft services cart
text: as Petra comes up. Bruce continues to “drip” goo through-
dialog: out this scene.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, baby, nice work. On a show
dialog: this down and dirty, it’s a relief
dialog: to be working with a professional.
text: Even out of character, Petra has the Russian accent.
speaker_heading: PETRA
dialog: (withering)
dialog: I vouldn’t know.
text: Bruce raises his hands, “take it easy” style,
text: accidentally spattering her with goo.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Easy, Quick-Draw. We’re both on
dialog: the same page.
speaker_heading: PETRA
dialog: Veally.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sure, baby. Low budget show like
dialog: this is just a detour. A quick
dialog: cash infusion while Scorsese and
dialog: Spielberg are warming up our
dialog: chairs.
speaker_heading: PETRA
dialog: Who?
text: Bruce blinks.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sounds like you could use a little
dialog: filmmaking 101. Lucky for you,
text: the Professor is in.
dialog: (seductive)
dialog: I know this little bar off
dialog: Cahuenga where the drinks are
dialog: cheap and the barmaids are
dialog: cheaper...
text: BRRRING. Petra gets a call on her cell. She takes it,
text: cutting Bruce off in mid-sentence.
speaker_heading: PETRA
dialog: Hullo? Vhy yes!
dialog: (eying Bruce)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
speaker_heading: PETRA (CONT'D)
dialog: No, you're not ee-nterrupting
dialog: anything.
text: As Petra wanders off, cooing into her phone...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (calling after her)
dialog: Think it over!
text: Bruce looks out across the location, hands on his hips,
text: “in charge”, as the D.P. adjusts the lens on the camera.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Jimmy. I’m thinking we should go
dialog: with a ‘50 for this next shot.
dialog: D.P.
dialog: Got one up your ass?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (considers, then)
dialog: Maybe a ‘75?
text: As Bruce continues to “consider” lens choices,
text: TINY THE ANGRY P.A. is standing to one side, grinning
text: evilly as he pees lemon-green urine into an empty “Lemon
dialog: Water” bottle. OFF this...
scene_heading: EXT. SOUNDSTAGE - NIGHT
text: Bruce, dressed in gaudy civilian clothes as shooting
text: wraps for the day, exits the soundstage, only to find
text: himself suddenly surrounded by a gaggle of devoted
text: FANS. Practically wetting themselves in Bruce’s presence.
text: Geek central. NO GIRLS. Not in the mood for a fan
text: encounter, Bruce forces a wan smile as he wades through
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: FANS
dialog: Bruce! Mr. Campbell! Ash!
text: Always prepared, Bruce whips out a stack of 8 x 10’s and
text: starts dealing them out like a poker player.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Here ya go, one for you, one for
dialog: you, Holy Mother of God what’s
dialog: that smell --
text: As the fan in front of Bruce cluelessly sniffs his own
text: armpits, Bruce reaches in his pocket and hands him a
dialog: stick of Right Guard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s called deodorant. Look it up
dialog: on your “internets.”
dialog: (passing more photos)
dialog: Don’t worry, I’ve got enough for
dialog: all you little trolls...
text: A fan in a wheelchair rolls up and Bruce hands him a
text: photo. The Wheelchair Fan thrusts it right back, mega-
dialog: demanding.
speaker_heading: WHEELCHAIR FAN
dialog: Mr. Campbell! Mr. Campbell! How
dialog: about an autograph?
text: The Wheelchair Fan holds out Bruce’s 8 x 10, but there’s
dialog: no pen.
speaker_heading: WHEELCHAIR FAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What, no pen?
text: Bruce rolls his eyes and slides out a pen, scrawling his
dialog: signature.
speaker_heading: WHEELCHAIR FAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Say cheese!
text: Before Bruce can answer, he’s BLINDED by a flash.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Gahhhh!
speaker_heading: WHEELCHAIR FAN
dialog: How about five bucks for the bus?
text: Blinking, his eyes clearing, Bruce glares at the kid.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Ever hear the theme from
dialog: “Rawhide?”
speaker_heading: WHEELCHAIR FAN
dialog: Huh?
text: Bruce lifts his foot and gives the fan’s wheelchair a
text: shove, sending him rolling backward down the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: “Keep them doggies rollin’...”
text: As Bruce continues ahead, he’s trailed by the fans and
text: peppered with more inane questions.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SECOND DEVOTED FAN
dialog: When you were trapped in the pit
dialog: in ARMY OF DARKNESS, how did you
dialog: get your shotgun?
speaker_heading: THIRD DEVOTED FAN
dialog: When you kissed “Ellen” did it
dialog: turn you gay?
scene_heading: FOURTH DEVOTED FAN
dialog: How much wood could a woodchuck
dialog: chuck?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Who cares, absolutely not and
dialog: three cubic board feet...
dialog: (shoving through)
dialog: Gotta run, boys, I’m late for a
dialog: soiree.
text: Bruce maneuvers around to his car, a battered Ford Pinto.
text: As he slides in and slams the door, the fans continue to
text: assail him with inane questions, one of them even getting
text: in front of the car. Bruce
text: GUNS IT ANYWAY, plowing right into the guy, who shouts
text: his question even as he’s tumbling across the hood...
speaker_heading: DEVOTED FAN
dialog: Mr. Campbell, Mr. Camp...
dialog: (WOMP! He’s hit!)
dialog: ...bellAHHHH...
text: As Bruce ROARS OFF, we can see his fans running after him
dialog: (or, in the case of the one who’s been hit, stumbling and
text: clutching his injured leg), shouting more questions...
speaker_heading: DEVOTED FAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Mr. CampOWWW, Mr. CampOWWW...
scene_heading: EXT. MUSSO AND FRANKS - NIGHT
text: Hollywood Blvd. Bruce screams up to the UNIFORMED VALET
text: in his Pinto, tossing the valet his keys.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Park her close, chief. This won’t
dialog: take long.
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 16.
scene_heading: INT. MUSSO AND FRANKS - NIGHT
text: Bruce enters the busy restaurant, face sour as he looks
text: for someone. As he passes the bar, the BARTENDER shoots
text: him a knowing look.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Gimme a bourbon with a loaded
text: revolver back.
text: Bruce continues into the restaurant itself, spotting
text: MILLS TODDNER sitting alone at a table, talking on his
text: cell-phone and flipping through the trades. As Bruce
text: walks up, he points at the Variety.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hear I made the trades today.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah. My career’s in the
dialog: obituaries.
text: Mills closes his phone and rises, laughing at Bruce’s
text: “joke”, giving him a big Hollywood hug and kiss.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Give me some sugar, baby.
text: As Bruce disdainfully accepts the hug...
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: phone)
dialog: That was the studio. They’re
text: crazy over the dailies from
dialog: Cavealien 2. Said you've never
dialog: been better.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I speak English. In their world
dialog: that makes me Meryl banana-sucking
dialog: Streep.
text: The Bartender arrives at the table and puts a huge
text: tumbler of bourbon in front of Bruce.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Will that be cash, Mr. Campbell?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No. My agent Mr. Toddner will be
dialog: picking this one up.
text: Mills’ frown suggests he clearly wasn’t planning on
text: buying, but what the hell. As Bruce guzzles his drink...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Why not. It’s special occasion.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah. The night I finally fire
dialog: your polyester ass.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Brucie! Why all the hostility?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I’m just getting warmed up. And
dialog: don’t give me that innocent look!
dialog: I’ve just spent six days of my
dialog: life making a sequel to one of the
dialog: worst movies ever made!
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You’ve made worse.
dialog: (that didn’t help!)
dialog: Come on. The customer reviews on
dialog: Amazon were great!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: The ones I posted!
text: Bruce polishes off his drink, wincing at the burn, as
text: Mills motions for him to sit.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Park it, B.C., unload. That’s why
dialog: I’m here.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It’s just... I feel like I’m
dialog: losing my muse.
text: Mills blinks, an “oh God, not this again” expression.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Say what?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: The innocent, child-like quality
dialog: all great artists tap to
dialog: “create”...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: While Bruce pontificates, Mills wearily motions for
text: another drink, spreading his fingers to indicate he’d
text: like a double.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: They say an actor’s life is like a
text: painting, a work in progress, but
dialog: how can I create my masterpiece
dialog: when my paint’s drying up, my
dialog: canvas is cracked and my brushes
text: are coated in fake monster blood.
text: Mills brings back his game face as Bruce finishes.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: It’s Deborah, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: It’s been almost a year since your
dialog: divorce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I said no.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You need to put her out of your
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: If I say “no” three times will the
dialog: Candyman come out?!
dialog: (slides back)
dialog: Screw this. You were fired when I
dialog: walked in and you’re twice as
dialog: fired now...
text: As Bruce slides back, getting ready to leave...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Leave now, you’ll never know what
dialog: I got you for your birthday.
text: The moment of actual sentiment catches Bruce off guard.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: My birthday? You actually
dialog: remembered?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: How could I forget? You're my
dialog: numero uno client!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: If this is another Matthew Perry
dialog: movie...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Better.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Give me a hint.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I thought you were firing me.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Goddamn it, Mills!
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Let’s just say it’s going to be
dialog: the best birthday you’ve ever had.
dialog: (snapping fingers)
dialog: Garcon! Bring Mr. Campbell
dialog: another highball! And pretzels
dialog: all around! Tonight we celebrate!
text: OFF Bruce sorely tempted, easily suckered by Mills’ offer
dialog: of a snazzy birthday present...
scene_heading: EXT. MUSSO AND FRANKS - NIGHT
text: Mills and Bruce exit together, Bruce three-sheets drunk
text: and stumbling while Mills continues to console him.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (slurring)
dialog: Happy birthday... to me... happy
dialog: birthday... to muhhhh...
text: Bruce grabs Mill’s face with both hands, squeezing it.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I wuv you, man.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (“I know you do.”)
dialog: Uh ow ah ou.
text: Bruce releases Mills as Mills’ Porsche Boxster comes up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Enjoy what you’ve got, Bruce. You
dialog: know how many wannabe Oliviers
dialog: would quick-lime their
dialog: Grandmothers for a career like
dialog: yours?
text: Sloppy drunk and emotional, Bruce lunges at Mills again,
text: trying to squeeze his face.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Would ‘ou be my Grandmama?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: No. But thanks for the offer.
text: Mills manages to duck him this time and duck into his
text: car. As Mills pulls out, Bruce motions to the valet, who
text: trots off to get Bruce’s car.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Maybe he’s right. Hell, I ama
dialog: lucky fella. I’ve got my
dialog: health...
dialog: (racking cough)
dialog: ...JE-sus... my divorce is almost
dialog: final...
dialog: (getting angry)
dialog: ...lousy whore...
dialog: (revving up)
dialog: ...and I’ve got my fans... my
dialog: loyal fans... who hated my last
dialog: movie... hated my last five
dialog: movies... me and my wonderful,
dialog: wonderful FANS...
text: As if on unfortunate cue, Bruce hears a “clop THUD clop
text: THUD” as the limping fan he ran down at the studio
text: hobbles toward him.
speaker_heading: DEVOTED FAN
dialog: Mr. Campbell, Mr. Campbe...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Lucky friggin’ ME!!
text: WUMP! Bruce throws a punch into the limping fan’s gut.
text: Stunned, the fan drops to his knees, holding out the
text: autographed photo he got earlier from Bruce as...
text: BRUCE’S PINTO pulls up, the Valet screeching it to a halt
text: in a haze of exhaust. The Valet steps out, holding out
text: his hand for a tip, and Bruce plucks the photo from the
text: gasping fan’s hand and passes it to the Valet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Merry Christmas.
text: As Bruce roars off, swerving into the street, the gasping
text: Devoted Fan grabs to get back his photo.
speaker_heading: DEVOTED FAN
dialog: Give it back! That’s mine!
text: The fan and the Valet get into a pitched fight over the
text: glossy as the Pinto roars off into the distance...
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - SAWVILLE - NIGHT
text: A POLICE CAR is driving down a lonely stretch of road.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: Uniformed Officer KELBO behind the wheel. 30ish,
text: moustache, typical small town cop. As he drives, we can
text: hear POLICE CALLS over the radio.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (RADIO)
dialog: Kelbo, this is dispatch. We’re
dialog: getting calls about weird noises
text: in the woods off Crescent, over.
speaker_heading: COP’S VOICE (RADIO)
dialog: Roger that. I’m coming up on
text: Crescent now, over.
text: As Kelbo hangs up the microphone, suddenly
text: A BIRD HITS THE WINDSHIELD OF HIS CAR!
text: Startled, Kelbo hits the brakes and goes into a sideways
text: skid, stopping by the side of the road. He’s in the
text: middle of nowhere, surrounded by woods.
speaker_heading: KELBO
dialog: Damn.
text: Kelbo steps out of the car to check the damage. The
text: impact has spider-webbed the windshield and left spatters
text: of blood on the white hood. Disgusted, Kelbo starts
text: wiping up the blood on the hood. But as he cleans a
dialog: patch, suddenly
text: MORE BLOOD APPEARS. Then blood drips on his hand. With
text: dawning apprehension, Kelbo realizes the blood is
text: dripping down from above. He slowly turns, looking up...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: INTO THE SHADOWED FACE OF THE CHINESE DEMON! There’s a
text: silvery GLINT. A blade SLASHES forward. OFF Kelbo’s
dialog: aborted SCREAM...
scene_heading: EXT. BRUCE’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Pinto winds down a scrubby driveway and pulls up toa
dialog: dilapidated
speaker_heading: TRAILER HOUSE
text: in the middle of nowhere, banging over a row of garbage
text: cans. Still drunk, Bruce gets out, grabbing a grubby
text: suitcase from the back of the car. He stagger-walks to
text: the door, walking over a mess of gathering mail, mostly
scene_heading: magazines like HUSTLER, JUGGS, 40 D-CUPPER...
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Cradling the magazines and mail in his arms, Bruce pushes
text: the door open and enters, tossing the mail on a couch.
text: We HEAR the tinkle-bell of a dog collar and little feet
text: rustling as Bruce’s arrival arouses his dog.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Here boy. Come’mere, Sam’nRob.
text: The little dog enters the front room, stops at Bruce’s
text: feet and GROWLS MENACINGLY.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Whatsamatter boy? Whatsamatter
dialog: with poor widdle Sam’nRob?
text: The little dog continues to SNARL until Bruce remembers
text: something. He pulls a brown paper bag from his jacket
text: pocket and pulls out a pint of cheap bourbon. He
text: unscrews the top and pours it into a doggie bowl.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thought I forgot, didn’t you?
text: As “Sammy” starts to drink greedily from the bowl, Bruce
text: idly checks some of the “envelope” mail. Virtually every
text: letter has red ink on it and says something about “FINAL
text: NOTICE” or “THIRD REMINDER.” He tosses the mail and
text: plops down in front of his ancient
text: BLACK AND WHITE TELEVISION, replete with coat-hanger
text: rabbit ears. Using a primitive remote, he switches the
text: set on and gets a static ridden image of an
text: “Entertainment Tonight” type announcer on a studio set.
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 23.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT SET
text: (Still in Bruce’s B/W) The ANNOUNCER WOMAN is finishing a
dialog: typical ET/Access Hollywood type story...
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: ...studio sources say Tom Hanks’
dialog: next project will be released next
dialog: Summer...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (mocking voice)
dialog: Duh duh, “Bubba Gump,” yup yup
dialog: yup...
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: Next, we take a scarrrry look at
dialog: the life and times of B-movie
dialog: horror star Bruce Campbell...
text: IN BRUCE'S LIVING ROOM, the thought of a actual publicity
text: gives Bruce a smile. He tips up his bourbon bottle,
text: toasting the screen.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Now we’re cookin’!
text: A Photo of a smiling Bruce appears on screen, followed by
text: the chironed letters: WHERE ARE THEY NOW?
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Campbell, best known for his roles
dialog: in the horrific Evil Dead films,
text: appears to have disappeared from
dialog: the entertainment scene...
text: Stunned, Bruce SPITS out a spew of bourbon.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Huh?!
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Tonight, our “Where Are They Now”
text: reporter Charlie Payne takes an
text: affectionate look back on a
dialog: promising career that many feel
dialog: was squandered on low budget
dialog: trash...
text: Bruce drains his pint and PITCHES the empty bottle at the
text: TV, hitting the off-button.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Those BASTARDS!!
text: Staggering, enraged, Bruce goes to a cupboard and
text: rummages through a half dozen empty whiskey bottles.
text: There isn’t another drop in the house.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: They’re making me sound like a has-
dialog: been! Like I’m all washed up...
text: Desperate for more booze, Bruce notices “SamNRob” still
text: lapping at the bourbon Bruce poured into his bowl. Bruce
text: suddenly drops to his knees and grabs the bowl away from
text: the snarling dog.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: They’re making me look pathetic!
text: Bruce tips up the filthy doggie bowl and gulps down the
text: rest of the bourbon, booze spilling down his shirt,
text: enraged at his depiction on the show. OFF this moment...
scene_heading: INT. DEBORAH’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Bruce’s ex-wife DEBORAH, 30's and attractive, is rolling
text: over in bed, fumbling sleepily with the phone. The light
text: up clock next to her bed says 3:14 AM.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh God...
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Bruce’s on his bed, hair sticking out wildly, tanked,
text: phone cradled against his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hey, Deb. It’s me.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What now, Bruce?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I was just, you know, celebrating
dialog: the almost-wrap of my latest
dialog: picture... just one more day...
text: Bruce’s dog GROWLS LOUDLY off camera.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You got into the dog’s bowl again.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (yelling at dog)
dialog: QUIET! Selfish mutt...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: It’s your birthday, isn’t it?
dialog: Every year, it’s the same old
dialog: “poor me” routine.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Can’t a guy get bombed and call
text: his ex-wife at 3:00 in the morning
dialog: without it “meaning” something?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Bruce, I talked to Mills.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah? What did ol’ ten percent
dialog: have to say?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Just that you were depressed. So
dialog: he’s planning something special
dialog: for your birthday.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (perks up)
dialog: Did he say what?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: It’s a surprise!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Come on...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Bruce...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (annoying baby-talk)
dialog: Pweese pweese pweese Debwah...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I’m hanging up...
text: Bruce’s face falls.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No, don’t. I’m sorry, baby.
dialog: (sniffling)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: How did things get so messed up
dialog: between us?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You slept with the dog sitter.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: One stupid mistake...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: All of them.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Twelve stupid mistakes. I was
dialog: mixed up, crazy... God, I miss you
dialog: and the kids...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What kids?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: The ones we would have had, if
dialog: we'd just held on...
text: Deborah takes a breath.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You want the truth about us,
dialog: Bruce? It wasn’t the cheating or
text: the boozing or the endless whining
dialog: that killed our marriage. You
dialog: just couldn’t commit. To our
dialog: relationship, your career, to much
dialog: of anything...
dialog: (getting mean)
dialog: Go ahead. Name one single thing
dialog: you stuck through to the end.
text: Drunk, Bruce has to think a second, then finally:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Dogs always had a sitter...
text: SLAM *CLICK* buzzzzz. Bruce just sits there, mulling
text: drunkenly over his life of missed opportunities...
text: IN DEBORAH'S BEDROOM, Deborah hangs up the phone and
text: rolls over, revealing MILLS, Bruce’s agent, lying in bed
text: beside her.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Gimme some sugar, baby.
text: As Deborah GIGGLES and they kiss...
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 27.
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE’S HOUSE - FRONT ROOM - NIGHT
text: THUD THUD THUD. Someone’s banging on the trailer house
text: door. Bruce, hair sticking out, face pale, looking like
text: a walking hangover, stumbles toward the door.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Keep your pants on fer Chrissakes,
dialog: it’s four in the friggin’
dialog: mornin’...
text: Bruce throws open the door and... nobody’s there.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ho ho. Very funny.
text: He stands there a second, bleary and blinking, then
text: notices something glistening at his feet. Curious, he
text: bends down and reaches for a SHINY NEW QUARTER.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Saaayyyy. A brand new quar--
text: Suddenly a metal baseball bat swings down and CRACKS HIM
text: across the back of the head. As Bruce drops, CUT TO
speaker_heading: BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. TRUNK OF CAR - NIGHT
text: As an engine rumbles, Bruce, jammed in the trunk, wakes
text: up. Dazed, he lifts his head and CRACKS it against the
text: trunk lid. Cramped, barely able to move, he slowly
text: realizes where he is.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What the hell -- ?
text: He pushes against the trunk lid, trying to force it open.
text: No good. Annoyed, he starts to YELL.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! HEY!!! Lemme out of here!
text: The car hits a hard BUMP, jarring Bruce, as JEFF’S
text: MUFFLED VOICE calls back.
speaker_heading: JEFF (0.S.)
dialog: Mr. Campbell? Are you okay?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Who are you? Who hit me?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: Jeff is behind the wheel, driving down a dark highway.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Uhh, that would be me. Sorry!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh. Well. As long as you’re
dialog: sorry...
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Really?
text: They hit another bump, slamming Bruce up against the
text: trunk lid.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: OWW!! NO!!!
dialog: (kicking at lid)
dialog: Let me out of here, you psycho
dialog: freak!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I can’t. Not until we get to
dialog: town.
dialog: (helpful)
dialog: I put some Twinkies and a couple
text: magazines in the side pocket. And
text: there’s a flashlight next to the
dialog: spare.
text: Disgruntled but not really knowing what else to do, Bruce
text: finds the flashlight and switches it on. Near his head
text: he finds a couple issues of FANGORIA and RUE MORGUE. As
text: Bruce stares at the mags in disbelief...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No no no...
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I know you’re probably sore and
text: tired and suffering from a
dialog: concussion, but... is it true
dialog: you’re doing a sequel to
dialog: Cavealien?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That’s probably my favorite movie
dialog: of all time!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh my God. He’s a fan.
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: HELP!!! HELP!!!
text: BAM! Another bump slams Bruce’s head again.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: GAWW! For God's sake, could you
dialog: at least go easy on the bumps?
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: As Jeff's car speeds down the road, reveal a sign: “ROUGH
text: ROAD NEXT 75 MILES.” As the car bumps along...
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: A FARMER steps out his front door with a shotgun, looking
text: off his porch into the darkness. His WIFE stands behind
text: him, anxious.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: What is it, Hank?
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: I don’t know. Thought I heard
text: something in the barn.
text: Serious, he PUMPS his shotgun.
speaker_heading: HANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay inside. Bolt the door.
dialog: Don’t open it, no matter what you
dialog: hear!
text: Scared, the wife closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Her back against the door, the Wife listens as Hank’s
text: footsteps crunch off toward the barn. A barn door CREAKS
text: open. The footsteps enter, fading away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Then suddenly there are MULTIPLE GUNSHOTS! The Wife
text: GASPS, shocked.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Oh dear Lord...
text: She hears frantic running, then something SLAMS against
text: the door. POUNDS AGAINST THE WOOD.
speaker_heading: HANK (0.S.)
dialog: Open the door! Open the door!!
dialog: For Christ’s sake, OPEN THE DOOR!
text: Terrified, the Wife throws open the door... only to find
text: her husband Hank standing there, LAUGHING. It was a sick
dialog: practical joke.
speaker_heading: HANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Haw haw haw!!
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: You bastard! I can’t believe you
dialog: punked me like that!
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: You should have seen your face!
dialog: Told you to never open the do--
text: Suddenly a SAMURAI BLADE erupts through Hank’s chest. He
text: looks down, gasping in shock, blood spilling from the
text: wound... the eerie silhouette of
text: THE CHINESE DEMON visible behind him. OFF this...
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE - DAY
text: The “Welcome To Sawville” sign, still dripping with
text: (dried and yucky) egg yolk. A hand reaches in and
text: changes the population number “2649” into “2646” with a
dialog: quick stroke of paint...
scene_heading: INT. TRUNK OF CAR - DAY
text: Bruce is lying, cramped and half asleep, when the trunk
text: lid suddenly flies open and he’s doused in bright
text: sunshine. Wincing in the light, a sticky Twinkie wrapper
text: stuck to his cheek, Bruce JUMPS UP and suddenly FREEZES.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Uhhhh...
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 31.
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE - MAIN STREET - DAY
text: PULL BACK to reveal Jeff's car surrounded by two dozen
text: Sawville townfolk, all rural types, who let out a semi-
text: rousing CHEER as Bruce staggers out of the trunk.
speaker_heading: TOWNSFOLK
dialog: Hip hip hooray! Hip hip hooray!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What th --
text: The bearded MAYOR of Sawville steps forward,
text: authoritative, offering his hand to a bewildered Bruce.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Welcome to Sawville, Mr. Campbell!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: “Sawville?”
dialog: (peels off Twinkie
dialog: wrapper)
dialog: Where the fuck is “Sawville?”
text: Jeff, wearing a CAVEALIEN tee-shirt, rushes around from
text: the driver's side of the car, surprised by Bruce’s
text: outburst. Trying to calm him.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Easy, man. That’s the Mayor!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I don’t care if he’s the King of
dialog: Kiss-My-Ass-ia! I just spent six
dialog: hours in a TRUNK. I want some
dialog: answers, chop chop!
text: Bruce waits, looking out across the stunned/dull faces of
text: the Townsfolk, momentarily locking eyes with
text: KELLY, 30-ish and pretty. It’s a “love at first sight”
text: moment for Bruce, complete with a slow motion “hair
text: shake” from Kelly. He attempts a suave gesture, despite
text: the “bed head” hairdo from his trunk ride.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Holy --
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: Don’t worry, sweet-stuff. When
dialog: I’m done with these yokels, I've
dialog: got a pair of lips with your name
dialog: on ‘em.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She holds Bruce’s look for a moment, almost like she’s
text: going to respond, then she shakes her head again, this
text: time in utter disdain.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You've got to be kidding.
text: As Kelly pulls away from the crowd. Bruce snaps back
dialog: into “I’m pissed!” mode.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well?! Don’t all talk at once!
text: One of the Townfolk tries another desultory cheer.
speaker_heading: TOWN GUY
dialog: Hip hip...
dialog: (no one is helping)
dialog: Uhh...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Maybe you don’t get “moving
text: pichters” in this fart-hole, so
dialog: let me explain something. I’ma
text: “movie star.” Tinseltown.
dialog: Lights, camera, etc.? When Bruce
dialog: Campbell says frog, production
dialog: assistants jump!
dialog: (leaning into it)
dialog: I even know Sam Raimi!
text: There’s a muffled, awed “ooooh” from the crowd.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: So when you kidnapped me, you
dialog: didn’t just commit a crime against
dialog: me... this is a crime against art!
dialog: (looks at watch)
dialog: In fact, I was due on set three
dialog: hours ago. You can bet they’1ll
dialog: pull out the stops to get me back!
text: To amplify this point, we suddenly CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE (EXT. WOODS) - DAY
text: The myopic Director peers through his coke bottle
text: glasses, setting up what looks like the tenth scene of
text: the day, his cameraman nearby.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: ON SET, Petra, her uniform unzipped to reveal
text: considerable cleavage, is in the clutches of the
text: Cavealien creature, which looks remarkably not-
dialog: frightening from this angle.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Okay, looks good...
dialog: (squinting)
dialog: Wait a second. What are those
text: bulges on his chest?
dialog: D.P.
dialog: Breasts. That’s Petra.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (squints again)
dialog: Thought it was Bruce.
dialog: D.P.
text: A-hole didn’t show up. Bob from
dialog: the machine shop is going to play
text: him for the rest of the shoot.
text: The D.P. hooks a thumb toward a guy who looks nothing
text: like Bruce, but is wearing Bruce’s space uniform while
text: covering the bottom half of his face with a cape, like
text: Dracula. (This is a direct homage to PLAN NINE FROM
text: OUTER SPACE, where the awful double for a dead Bela
text: Lugosi covered his face with a cape.)
text: The Director considers a moment, then shrugs.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Oh. Okay.
dialog: (to Petra)
dialog: Action!!
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE STREET - DAY
text: CUT BACK to Bruce exactly where we left him before the
text: cutaway, still checking his watch.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: So as much as I’d love to stick
dialog: around until the FBI rips you grit-
dialog: eaters a new one...
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: But your agent said you were
dialog: “between jobs.”
text: Bruce shakes his head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You called my agent?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: He was very helpful.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That couldn’t have been Toddner...
text: Bruce stops. Dawning realization washing over him.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait a minute. What else did he
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Just something about not booking
dialog: you on your birthday...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Birthday...? Birthday...? Say...
text: As this sinks in, a light comes on for Bruce. His
text: birthday? He suddenly looks at the Mayor and Townfolk
text: through new eyes.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mills, you magnificent bastard.
dialog: When you said you had a
text: “surprise” in store...
text: More blank looks. They have no idea what Bruce is
dialog: talking about.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Mr. Campbell, I realize this is
text: rather... unorthodox, but Jeffrey
dialog: tells us your skills extend beyond
dialog: the Thespian...
dialog: (dramatic beat)
dialog: And the town of Sawville
dialog: desperately needs your help.
text: Bruce sees the Mayor through new eyes, assessing his
dialog: performance.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That’s good. You're good.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (perplexed)
dialog: Thank you...?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Bruce considers a moment, rubbing his aching head, then
text: makes a decision.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Let’s say I decide to play along.
dialog: What’s next?
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Well, uhh, we’ve arranged a
text: presentation at City Hall.
text: Rejuvenated, Bruce glances over the heads of the
text: Townsfolk and notices cute Kelly entering an official
text: looking building.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (re: Kelly)
dialog: Is that where Miss Make-My-Day is
dialog: headed?
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: As a matter of fact...
text: Bruce smiles, definitely getting into the “ruse.”
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Lead the way, gents!
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL - DAY
text: The Mayor, Jeff and the other Townfolk gather in the
text: town’s small “town hall”, outfitted with benches and a
text: slide projector in the middle of the chairs. As Bruce
text: enters, he makes a point of looking for
text: KELLY. She’s sitting between two FARMERS, but Bruce
text: doesn’t care. He pushes down the crowded row...
speaker_heading: FARMER FARMER #2
dialog: Ow... my foot! Aghh, my corns!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (to farmer by Kelly)
dialog: Yo, Jimmy Dean. You’re in my
dialog: seat.
text: The Farmer scoots down and Bruce squeezes in next to
text: Kelly. The slide projector is right behind Bruce’s
text: shoulder. Kelly shoots Bruce a cold look but holds her
dialog: tongue.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You're probably can’t break
dialog: character, but I gotta tell you,
dialog: you guys really had me going.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: For a second I thought I was ina
dialog: remake of “Deliverance” and
dialog: somebody was about to tell me to
dialog: go “soo-eeey!”
text: As Kelly reacts poorly to the slur, the oblivious Bruce
text: offers his hand.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry, I should have introduced
dialog: myself. I’m Bruce. Bruce
dialog: Campbell.
text: Kelly unenthusiastically shakes Bruce’s hand.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Kelly Graham.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Graham. Bet all the boys go
dialog: “crackers” over you.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (not amused)
dialog: Ha ha ha.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Me, I could have sworn your name
dialog: was Daisy.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Because I have this crazy urge to
dialog: “plant” one on you.
text: Aghast, Kelly starts to get up.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I have to go...
text: But as Kelly rises, the Mayor and Jeff motion for her to
dialog: stay put. They don’t want to rile Bruce back up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: As she reluctantly sits back down, more people enter and
text: take seats. The Mayor goes to the front of the room,
text: standing next to a projector screen.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Mr. Campbell, if you’re ready?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Knock yourself out, Whiskers.
text: As the lights dim, Bruce lounges back, elbows on the back
text: of his chair, a cocky look, like he loves being the
dialog: center of attention...
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: As we all know, Sawville was
dialog: mining country before the logging
dialog: industry moved in...
text: FIRST SLIDE: A shot of an old mine entrance.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (CONT'D)
dialog: In the late 1860's, hundreds of
dialog: Chinese immigrants came to our
dialog: shores to help work the claims.
text: SECOND SLIDE: Photo of a modern Chinese Restaurant.
text: While the slides continue, Bruce continues his line of
text: patter with poor Kelly.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Kelly’s an Irish name, isn’t it?
dialog: (bad Irish accent)
dialog: Maybe later you can show me your
dialog: “Lucky Charms.”
text: As Kelly squirms at Bruce’s attempts to “charm” her...
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: The largest mine was the Triple
text: T., run with an iron fist by the
dialog: legendary Thomas T. Tripletee.
text: THIRD SLIDE: A photo of a harsh looking man with a
text: handlebar moustache. Dressed in 1860-style finery.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (CONT'D)
dialog: At her height, the Triple T
dialog: employed hundreds of Chinese
dialog: immigrant laborers. They worked
dialog: long hours, in harsh and primitive
dialog: conditions, surviving on rice and
dialog: bean curd...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: FOURTH SLIDE: A historical photo of overworked Chinese
text: laborers standing in front of a primitive mine. They
text: look bedraggled and skinny. Bruce nudges Kelly.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You want primitive, you should
dialog: have seen craft services on my
dialog: last picture! Licorice sticks
dialog: were like tent stakes!
text: Kelly glares at Bruce, incredulous.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
text: Then disaster struck. A cave-in.
dialog: Over a hundred Chinese workers
dialog: were buried alive. Sawville was
dialog: devastated...
text: FOURTH SLIDE: Photo of the front page of the local paper,
dialog: “The Sawville Gazette”, circa 1860. The big headline
scene_heading: reads: CAVE IN CLOSES TRIPLE T. Next headline: FOREMAN
text: SUFFERS BROKEN LEG. Next headline (smallest): CALL GOES
text: OUT, SEND MORE CHINESE.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Soon after, rumors began to spread
dialog: of a curse.
text: FIFTH SLIDE: A colorful image of the “Guan-Di” warrior, a
text: mythical Samurai with flowing robes, glowing red eyes and
text: a deadly sword.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Legend has it that a Chinese demon
dialog: was summoned to protect the
dialog: spirits of all those who died.
text: SIXTH SLIDE: A shadowy, out of focus image of the Chinese
text: Demon, barely visible but pretty damn creepy.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (CONT'D)
dialog: An amateur photographer captured
dialog: this image almost fifty years ago,
dialog: when the demon was last thought
dialog: active... in fact this is the only
dialog: copy of that rare photo...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (blowing it off)
dialog: Yeah, yeah, real scary.
dialog: (to Kelly)
dialog: Look, baby, when this is over, how
dialog: about you and me sharing a bottle
dialog: of Chateau La Partydown?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I barely know you!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: Couple glasses of Sawville’s
dialog: finest and we’ll be the best of
dialog: friends. I may not be Fred
dialog: Flintstone, but trust me, I can
dialog: still make your “bed rock”...
text: Kelly suddenly explodes.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That’s it! You are, without a
dialog: doubt, the rudest, crudest, most
dialog: insincere jackass I’ve ever met!
text: As she stands, Bruce also rises, his arm bumping the
text: slide projector and jamming the lens against the hot
text: bulb. As the precious demon image MELTS AND BURNS...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Crude?!
dialog: (loud, to room)
text: What crawled up her crack and
dialog: died?
text: As Kelly tries to get down the row, the Mayor desperately
text: tries to salvage the situation.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: We need a champion, Mr. Campbell.
dialog: A warrior who understands these
text: dark forces.
text: Bruce glances over his shoulder, looks over the group.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Great. Want me to pick somebody?
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Actually, Jeff told us that you
dialog: had some... experience with evil
dialog: spirits.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Moi? Gents, you got me all wr...
text: Suddenly there’s the hideous SCREECH of FINGERNAILS on a
text: blackboard, followed by a wizened CACKLE from the back of
text: the room. All eyes turn toward the rear of the hall and
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
text: WING, a small, elderly Chinese man with a wispy goatee,
text: wearing traditional Chinese robes. He has brought a
text: small portable chalkboard just to make the screech noise.
speaker_heading: WING
text: Be warned. He who confronts the
text: Guan-Di confronts death itself.
text: Bruce slips down the aisle and walks back to Wing.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hello, second act escalation.
dialog: (to Mayor)
dialog: What’s with the fortune cookie?
speaker_heading: MAYOR
text: His name is Wing. The last living
dialog: descendant of the dead laborers.
text: For punctuation, Wing scratches his nails across the
text: blackboard again. Bruce winces and grabs the blackboard
text: away from him, tosses it aside.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: “Jaws.” We get it.
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: The Guan-Di has been unleashed
text: from his resting place.
text: As Wing says this, he looks straight Jeff, who winces
text: guiltily. Bruce, meanwhile, misunderstands “Guan-Di” for
dialog: “Gandhi.”
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Always figured this “Gandhi” fella
dialog: for being some sorta pushover in a
dialog: diaper...
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: The Guan-Di is a great warrior.
text: Protector of the dead, savior of
dialog: the innocent and of bean curd...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Bean curd?
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: It’s a Chinese thing.
dialog: (intense)
dialog: The graves of the dead were
dialog: disturbed and the Guan-Di will not
dialog: rest until this sacrilege has been
dialog: avenged.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (6)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: And when exactly will that happen?
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: When every blood relative of the
text: one responsible lies rotting in
dialog: the Earth.
text: Oddly, Bruce brightens at that.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well hell. There can’t be that
dialog: many.
dialog: (looks across room)
dialog: Blood relatives, raise your hands.
text: Virtually every hand in the City Hall goes up.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Remind me to lock my door tonight.
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: (points at Bruce)
dialog: He will continue to kill, and with
dialog: each death his strength will
dialog: increase. Anyone who tries to
dialog: interfere... will die...
text: A light bulb suddenly EXPLODES overhead, sending a shower
text: of sparks down on the frightened crowd. Everyone turns,
text: including Bruce. Then someone looks back toward Wing and
speaker_heading: GASPS.
scene_heading: TOWN GUY TOWN GUY 2
dialog: Wing’s gone! He’s gone!
text: Bruce turns and sure enough, Wing has disappeared. As
text: the Townsfolk murmur uneasily, Bruce looks out the
dialog: window...
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE STREET - DAY
text: Bruce sees Wing walking nonchalantly down the sidewalk,
text: clutching a bowling ball bag.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Uhh --
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL - DAY
text: Bruce is about to tell the people in the hall about his
text: “Wing spotting” when the Mayor SHOUTS over the voices.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Mr. Campbell, the future of
dialog: Sawville rests in your hands.
text: The place goes silent. Waiting for Bruce’s response.
text: Bruce gauges them, then...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Lemme get this straight. One of
dialog: your boys goes Giambi on my skull,
dialog: locks me in a trunk and drags me
dialog: to hayseed central... and now you
dialog: expect me to lay my life on the
dialog: line against some supernatural
dialog: hell-spawn?
text: The Mayor looks at the other townfolk, shrugs.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Ehh, more or less.
text: Bruce looks across the desperate Townies. His face is
text: arrogant until he spots Kelly, standing by the door,
text: hesitating as she awaits his answer.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Lucky for you, I find myself at a
dialog: crossroads in my life. Struggling
dialog: to find the artist, the “hero”
dialog: that I know still lies deep inside
dialog: me.
text: The faces go from desperate to blank. But everyone
text: continues to listen.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe that’s why I’m here, to
dialog: rekindle that spirit.
dialog: (revving himself up)
dialog: It’s the ultimate acting
dialog: challenge. “Method” times ten, a
dialog: way to reclaim my dying muse...
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Will you help us, Mr. Campbell?
text: Bruce sucks in his gut, puffs out his chest and strikes a
text: heroic pose.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Can.
dialog: (pregnant pause)
dialog: And will!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: As CHEERS erupt from the grateful crowd and Bruce exults
dialog: in their “love”...
scene_heading: INT. JEFF’S CAR - DAY
text: Bruce rides in the passenger seat as Jeff drives. Bruce
text: is leaning back in the seat, waving like a Rose Parade
text: Princess as they pass overjoyed pedestrians.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: So you’re telling me the whole
dialog: town’s in on this?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Well, yeah.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Guess it’s like some crazy fund-
dialog: raiser, huh? Instead of a bake-
dialog: sale, you turn your town into
dialog: Demonsville for a few weeks a
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No... I mean...
dialog: (distraught)
dialog: My friend Clayton was killed by
dialog: this thing. I had to do
dialog: something.
text: Bruce nods knowingly, thinking Jeff’s still trying to
dialog: stay in character.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That’s cool. Professional
dialog: courtesy. No more questions.
dialog: (looks out window)
dialog: So what’s next, kid?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Town’s throwing a party for you
dialog: tonight. Sort of a send off
dialog: before you head into battle.
dialog: (tentative smile)
dialog: Something I’d like to show you
dialog: first.
text: Jeff pulls off the road and turns up a driveway, driving
text: past a house toward a TRAILER parked on a hill. As they
text: approach, Bruce’s jaw drops open. The trailer is dead
text: ringer for his Victorville digs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You gotta be shittin’ me.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF’S TRAILER - DAY
text: The door pushes in and Jeff ushers the perplexed but
text: still game Bruce through the door. As they enter, the
text: lights are off and the front room is in shadow. Jeff
text: reaches for the light switch and clicks it on, and
text: BRUCE STOPS IN HIS TRACKS. Jeff's trailer is a virtual
dialog: shrine to all things Bruce Campbell. There are movie
text: posters, scripts and 8 x 10 glossies... DVDs, videos and
dialog: laserdiscs... scrapbooks of newspaper articles, trade
dialog: ads, Bruce’s books, etc.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Kid, if your last name’s “Lector”
dialog: I’m outta here...
text: Jeff shrugs, self-conscious but still proud.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Guess I am kind of a fan.
text: Stunned, Bruce looks around the collection. There’s a
text: demon mask from the first EVIL DEAD. A bottle of bug goo
text: from ALIEN APOCALYPSE. A shoulder patch from the
text: CAVEALIEN movie.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: “Kinda?” Only thing missing is a
dialog: stool sample!
text: Bruce notices the Chinese Amulet that Jeff stole from the
text: graveyard hanging from a Bruce action figure. Bruce
text: grabs the amulet, checking it out.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: This doesn’t ring a bell...
text: Jeff grabs it back, stuffing it in his pocket.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That’s... personal.
text: Oblivious, Bruce keeps looking, surprised to find a photo
text: of him with his ex-wife Deborah tucked in with the other
text: memorabilia. Touched by the old photo, which had been
text: taken in happier times, Bruce takes it off the shelf.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Where did you get this?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Www. photos-of-bruce-campbell-with-
dialog: his-ex-wife-deborah dot com.
dialog: (watching Bruce)
dialog: You... miss her, don’t you?
text: Bruce stares at the photo.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Guess I do. But sometimes things
dialog: happen between people that you
dialog: just can’t take back.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Like the dog-sitters?
text: Bruce does a double-take.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: How the hell --
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It was in Fangoria!
dialog: (as Bruce recovers)
dialog: Look, I know this was a huge
dialog: imposition, Mr. Campbell, so
dialog: whatever you need, just let me
dialog: know.
text: Bruce can’t help it. He’s starting to like this kid.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: First of all, “Mr. Campbell” makes
dialog: soup. You can call me Bruce.
text: Bruce sniffs his arm pits, grimacing.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: And if you really wanna get on my
dialog: good side, fetch me a bottle of
dialog: Jack, a bar of soap, then point me
text: toward the nearest motel with hot
text: water and a naked cheerleaders
dialog: channel.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Hmm. Closest motel is the Pink
dialog: Lumberjack...
text: Bruce tightens at that.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Keep going.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Then there’s the Manflower on
dialog: Route 99, Ryan’s Rear-Entry on Old
dialog: Prescott Road, and...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Maybe I’1l just spruce up here.
text: Jeff is thrilled. A visit from his hero!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Really? Wow! Great! I brought
dialog: some fresh clothes from your
dialog: trailer.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That’s wonderful, kid...
text: Bruce is about to respond when he notices a shelf of hand-
text: labelled video tapes.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus God. You actually have
dialog: every episode of Jack Of All
dialog: Trades?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah. Want to watch one?
text: Bruce reluctantly tosses his jacket across the couch.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I’m gonna regret this.
text: OFF Jeff's hero-worshipping smile...
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: The Chinese cemetery visible out front. Wing, the
text: Chinese Man, moves through the old stones toward the
text: foreboding cave site.
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: (to “ancestors” )
dialog: They allowed you to die... left it
dialog: to the few who survived to tend
dialog: your spirits...
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - DAY
text: Wing goes up to the cave and sits at the entrance, the
text: wind whistling eerily around him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: I pray to you, Guan-Di, for
dialog: vengeance. I pray for you to
dialog: destroy them all...
dialog: (with intensity)
dialog: Especially the demon-fighter
dialog: known... as Campbell...
scene_heading: INT. JEFF’S TRAILER - DAY
text: Bruce steps out of the trailer’s bathroom, dressed in
text: fresh clothes, still toweling his hair dry. Curious,
text: Bruce holds out a small bottle with an “EVIL DEAD” logo
text: but Japanese lettering identifying the actual product.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Ahh! Nothing like a shower to
dialog: wash your blues away!
dialog: (holding out bottle)
dialog: Where the heck did you find this
dialog: “Evil Dead” shampoo?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That’s drain cleaner!
text: Bruce stops drying his head, looking down as a big CLUMP
text: of hair falls from the towel.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That would explain the burning
dialog: sensation.
text: Gingerly, Bruce tosses the towel aside, catching the
text: worshipful look from Jeff.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (off Jeff's look)
dialog: What?
text: Jeff realizes he’s been staring and looks away, a little
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It’s just... you’re going up
dialog: against the Guan-Di tonight and
dialog: you're not even scared.
text: Bruce looks at Jeff, assuming this is part of his
dialog: birthday present.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Compared to Kandarian devils, this
dialog: Guan-Di cat’s no biggie-mo.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Look, kid, when you’re in the hero
dialog: business, there are only two
dialog: things you need to know. One,
text: monsters are mostly pussies. Two,
dialog: repeat number one.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Wow.
text: As Jeff reacts with awe, Bruce slaps his belly, “I’m
dialog: hungry!” style.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Now, think a hungry demon slayer
dialog: could score a few Slim-Jims, then
dialog: catch a ride into town?
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE STREET - DAY
text: Jeff pulls up to the curb in his pick-up and Bruce slides
text: out, finishing his peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
text: Jeff nods down the street toward a bar and grill
text: festooned with plastic flags and decorations.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I promised to pick a few things up
dialog: for the party. Sure you’ll be all
dialog: right on your own?
text: Bruce glances down the street of the one-horse town.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: If I get lost, I’ll fire a flare.
text: As Jeff nervously pulls away, Bruce saunters down the
text: sidewalk, cocky as he nods and waves at passerby, playing
text: the role of “town hero” to the hilt. Passing a
text: GROCERY STORE with a display of apples out front, Bruce
text: grabs an apple and polishes it on his sleeve. The
text: SHOPKEEPER steps out, like he’s proud to have Bruce
text: pausing at his store. Bruce takes a big, juicy bite.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice apple!
text: Bruce raises an eyebrow, “thanks, pal” style, and
text: continues down the sidewalk, pausing in front of an
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: APPLIANCE STORE. A display of ghetto blaster radios out
text: front. As the APPLIANCE STORE OWNER watches, Bruce hefts
text: one of the radios, cranking up the sound.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice radio!
text: Assuming the radio is also “on the house”, Bruce just
text: walks off with it, leaving the speechless Appliance Store
text: Owner standing there, not sure how to react. A few
text: yards down, Bruce walks past an
text: ELDERLY MAN who gives Bruce the sign of the cross. Bruce
text: gives the guy a slap across the back.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice improv!
text: As Bruce continues on, a gaggle of excited
text: SCHOOL CHILDREN suddenly rush up and surround him, “hail
text: the conquering hero” style.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Mr. Campbell! Bruce! Bruce!
text: Bruce holds his arms out, savoring the adulation as he
text: continues down the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What’s up, kids?
speaker_heading: FIRST KID
dialog: Are... are you really going to
dialog: save us from the monster?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That’s the idea, son.
text: There’s a collective OOOOH from the youngsters. A SECOND
text: KID shows Bruce a crude crayola drawing of a cartoon
text: Bruce heroically stabbing a monster.
speaker_heading: SECOND KID
dialog: I drew this picture of you!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Not bad, junior, not bad.
text: A THIRD KID shows Bruce a crude crayola drawing of a
text: cartoon Bruce getting his head torn off by a monster.
text: Blood spurting from his gaping neck wound.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: THIRD KID
dialog: So did I!
text: Bruce double-takes, shoving the drawing back at the kid.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Get with the program, Rembrandt.
text: As the kids continue to crowd around him, Bruce finally
dialog: arrives at...
scene_heading: EXT. GREENE’S BAR - DAY
text: A large banner across the front of the bar reads “HAIL
text: OUR CHAMPION: BRUCE CAMBELL.” Bruce stops under the
text: banner, taking a second to study it.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Memo to self, buy agent a
dialog: dictionary.
text: But before he can lament the poor spelling too long, he’s
text: spotted by various TOWNFOLK who rush up and surround him.
text: As Bruce exults in their adoration, the Townfolk lift him
text: on their collective shoulders and carry him inside...
text: CRACKING HIS HEAD on the door jamb. As he’s pulled
text: inside, rubbing his sore noggin...
scene_heading: INT. GREENE'S BAR - NIGHT
text: A small-town country dance-bar, with a wooden floor,
text: tables, and a long bar across one wall. A WOMAN wearing
text: an apron is behind the bar, back to us, as Bruce is
text: lowered to the floor by the crowd. Bruce steps up to the
text: bar like a movie cowboy, the Townfolk crowding around
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: TOWNFOLK
dialog: What do you want, Bruce? Open
dialog: bar! It’s on the house!
text: As the “waitress” bends over to grab a bottle, Bruce
text: checks out her ass, nudging the guy next to him.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (re: her butt)
dialog: Nothing like spending a night out
dialog: on Half Moon Bay, ehh, boys?
dialog: (to Woman behind bar)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, baby, how about a sloe
dialog: comfortable screw up against the
dialog: wall...
text: As Bruce chortles at the old gag, the Woman turns,
text: revealing she’s KELLY. Bruce chokes on his laughter as
text: she glowers at him.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT’D)
dialog: (*gulp* )
dialog: -.-with a lime twist?
text: Nonchalant, Kelly picks up a bowl of pretzels, offering
dialog: them to Bruce.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Pretzel?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (reaching to bowl)
dialog: Don’t mind if I...
text: Kelly suddenly THROWS the entire bowl into Bruce’s face.
text: As Bruce recovers, Kelly starts making Bruce’s drink.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I know what you’re thinking.
dialog: Movie-star like yours truly might
text: look down his schnoze at an every
dialog: day waitress, but trust me, doll-
dialog: face, that’s not how the Bruce-man
dialog: operates.
text: She’s almost done making the drink.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I own this place.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: On the other hand, movie star like
dialog: me doing a plain-vanilla waitress
dialog: would be a definite step down...
text: Kelly pick up the drink as if to pass it over, then
text: laconically THROWS IT into Bruce’s face. The Townfolk
text: GASP, but Bruce just accepts it.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Want another?
text: Bruce licks at the drink as it spills around his face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: In a glass would be nice.
dialog: (off her glare)
dialog: Is it me, or did we get off on the
dialog: wrong foot?
text: In the background, Jeff enters, carrying some boxes.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: We never “got off” at all, and if
dialog: there’s a God, we never will.
dialog: (glances toward Jeff)
dialog: Unfortunately, my son seems to
dialog: think you’re some kind of hero.
text: Bruce follows her eyes, realizes she’s looking at Jeff.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Ultra-fan belongs to you?
text: Bruce takes Kelly’s hand, throwing an exaggerated look at
text: her ring finger.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t see a wedding ring...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That’s because Jeff's father left
dialog: us. Right after Jeff was born.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Must have been hard, raising a boy
dialog: on your own.
dialog: (big smile)
text: But in the “lemons into lemonade”
dialog: category, sounds like there’s no
dialog: reason you and I can’t do a little
dialog: of the ol’ “trains and tunnels”...
text: Kelly stares at Bruce, aghast.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Maybe it’s all a big joke to you,
dialog: but Jeff’s talked the whole town
dialog: into thinking you’re going to save
dialog: us from this “Guan-Di.”
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Right. And?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Far as I can tell, you’re totally
dialog: full of shit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Bruce is taken aback by that. There’s a long pause as he
text: considers the insult, then he breaks out laughing!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I get it! You’re the meet-cute!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: The what?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Mills thought of everything! He’s
dialog: a genius!
text: Chortling, Bruce wanders across the bar, leaving Kelly
text: baffled. The Mayor comes over, mindful of her attitude,
text: still hoping and praying that Bruce can save them.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Kelly, I know you don’t much like
dialog: the stranger, but we need someone
dialog: to go up against the demon.
text: The Mayor looks over at Bruce, almost as dubious as
dialog: Kelly.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (CONT'D)
dialog: And right now, in an absolutely
dialog: tragic turn of events, he’s the
dialog: best we've got.
text: Bruce looks back at Kelly and the Mayor and laughs even
text: harder. OFF Kelly’s befuddlement...
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE - SUNSET
text: The sun sets, the dazzling orange glow growing dim...
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: As the last rays of the sun set, rocks begin to move in
text: front of the old cave, as if something is stirring
text: inside. Suddenly, a
scene_heading: BLOOD-SOAKED SWORD
text: splits through the stones. The Guan-Di emerging for
dialog: another night of vengeance...
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 54.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: We HEAR a loud YEEEE-HAWWW, revealing the festivities are
text: in full swing. A band (The Smithereens?) is playing full
text: volume while Townfolk drink and dance. At the front of
text: this bacchanal, in the seat of honor at the front of the
dialog: hall,
text: BRUCE sits, massive joints of beef and turkey in each
text: hand, eating like King Henry the eighth.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (spitting food)
dialog: More meat!!
text: As a SEXY WAITRESS hauls over another massive joint of
text: beef, Bruce grabs her and plops her into his lap. While
text: the Waitress GIGGLES at the attention,
text: KELLY watches all this with a disgusted glare. Suddenly,
text: there’s an announcement from a frontier-outfitted
scene_heading: SQUARE DANCE CALLER.
scene_heading: SQUARE DANCE CALLER
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen. Grab your
dialog: partners!
text: Enthusiastic townfolk “grab their partners” (male +
text: female) and sashay out toward the center of the floor.
text: With a smile, Bruce tosses his leg o’ whatever, pushes
text: past the Waitress and makes a bee-line toward Kelly.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Ma’am, may I have this dance?
text: The Mayor shoots Kelly a look and she reluctantly comes
text: out around the bar, taking Bruce’s arm. Even though she
text: clearly doesn’t like being here, there’s something in
text: Bruce’s infectious, giddy enthusiasm that starts to get
text: to her. As they get in formation with the others, Bruce
text: whispers to her...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: You realize I have no idea what
dialog: I’m doing.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I’m sure that’s a first.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Not really. I haven’t known what
dialog: I’ve been doing for years.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Bruce keeps watching her, catching the hint of a smile.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait a minute. What was that?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No no, both sides of your mouth
text: curled at the edges. There’s an
dialog: old Indian word for this
dialog: phenomena... Kawatatcheeacha...
text: Cherokee for “she who smiles at
dialog: one she is beginning to not hate.”
text: Kelly rolls her eyes, but not so mean this time. With a
text: hint of actual pleasure.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Shut up and dance.
text: A Square-Dance band takes position on the floor and the
text: room fills with music. The Square Dance Caller barks out
text: orders to the dancers.
scene_heading: SQUARE DANCE CALLER
dialog: Bow to your partner!
text: As the dancers begins to move, Kelly tries to help Bruce
text: navigate through the crowd.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Just follow my lead...
scene_heading: SQUARE DANCE CALLER
dialog: Now swing your partner and dosi-
dialog: doe, pass the axle then let go!
text: While Kelly tries to actually keep up with the dance
text: moves, Bruce is a loose-limbed marvel, his legs swinging
text: around like some kind of string-puppet.
speaker_heading: SQUARE DANCE CALLER (CONT’D)
text: Allemande left with a right hand
dialog: star, box the gnat and allemande
dialog: thar!
text: Bruce’s a terrible dancer, but the Townfolk are being
dialog: polite because of his mission, and his enthusiasm
text: continues to be somewhat infectious. So infectious that
text: he finally pulls away from Kelly, twirls toward the
text: official Square Dance Caller and grabs his microphone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (calling dance)
dialog: Now swing your partner toward the
dialog: door, then empty your pockets and
dialog: pretend you're poor...
text: The Townfolk are swirling around the dance floor, but
dialog: these are “unusual” calls to say the least. But, in an
text: effort to keep Bruce happy, they all swing their partners
text: toward the door, then pull out their pockets, sending
text: wallets, keys and change spilling to the floor.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling dance)
dialog: Allemande left then allemande
dialog: right, then spoon in together all
dialog: “Brokeback” like...
text: The Dancers look at one another then comply, doing the
text: dance move, then the women jam their butts into the male
dialog: dancer’s crotch...
text: Taking advantage of a musical “bridge”, Bruce breaks into
text: a crazy, tangled-legged dance that ends with him doing
text: the splits in the middle of the dance floor. still
text: holding the microphone, Bruce picks himself up and
text: advances on an astonished Kelly.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling dance)
dialog: Now as this dance is coming to a
dialog: close, see if she’ll kiss you
text: without holding her nose...
text: With a swoop, Bruce grabs Kelly and pulls her into a full
text: fledged, bent-over backward smooch. She flails a little
text: at first, then the flailing stops and for a moment, she
text: seems to be anticipating the kiss. Then:
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You wanna move that hand?
text: Reveal Bruce’s hand completely inside and up the back of
text: Kelly’s shirt.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oops.
text: Meanwhile, all around Bruce and Kelly, the dancers are
text: locked in similar steamy embraces, but with Bruce
text: distracted and not making any more square dance call,
text: they’re groaning as they try to hold their awkward
text: positions, turning blue as they remain mouth-to-mouth...
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 57.
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE - NIGHT
text: Bruce and Kelly step outside the noisy bar and start down
text: the street. At night the town is actually quite lovely,
text: a throwback to an earlier, more innocent time...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Ahhh. I could use a little fresh
dialog: air.
text: Kelly is still a little wary of Bruce.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Me too.
text: (eyes on him, wary)
dialog: And just fresh air.
text: They start down the sidewalk together, the lights from
text: the businesses twinkling in the darkness.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: town)
dialog: Even with everything that’s
dialog: happened, God I love this place.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I grew up in a town just like it.
dialog: Little place in Michigan. You
dialog: ever hear of it?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Michigan?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: “Little Place.” About fifteen
text: miles North of Dearborn.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Sounds nice.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: People really cared about one
dialog: another out there. “Values” meant
dialog: more than half-price cereal at the
dialog: supermarket.
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Made my first movie there, when I
dialog: was still in High School.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: We were kids... naive, innocent.
dialog: We wanted to make a film that
dialog: reflected our hopes and dreams...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What was it called?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: “Blade of the Skullripper.” Guess
dialog: that’s when I got the acting bug.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You’ve come a long way since then.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (sardonic)
dialog: Guess you haven’t seen any of my
dialog: recent movies.
text: Kelly smiles at that.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Believe it or not, Jeff’s shown me
dialog: a couple. I don’t know about the
dialog: plots, but you’re usually pretty
dialog: good in them.
text: Bruce is taken by the compliment.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You really mean that?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Wouldn’t say it if I didn’t.
text: Bruce stops and turns to face Kelly. A romantic moment
text: in the offing.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You’re just full of surprises,
dialog: Kelly Graham. You’re going to
dialog: find this hard to believe, but
dialog: I’ve always been shy. Maybe
dialog: that’s why I come on so strong...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Hey, I came on a little strong
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (moving in for kiss)
dialog: It’s never been... easy for me
dialog: to...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: ...express my... true feelings...
text: As Bruce is about to kiss her, Kelly suddenly looks over
text: her shoulder, annoyed.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You want to move that hand?
text: PULL OUT to reveal Bruce’s hand clamped securely on
text: Kelly’s butt cheek. He jerks it away.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I’ll let it go... this time...
text: Kelly’s already forgiven him. They’re closing for their
text: first KISS when there’s a HARUMMPH off camera. Bruce and
text: Kelly both look over in surprise, seeing
text: EVERYONE FROM THE DANCE in the street, staring at them.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Mr. Campbell.
dialog: (taps watch)
dialog: It’s time.
text: Bruce looks at Kelly. Back at the Mayor. Desperate to
text: consummate the kiss.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: Five minutes.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Mr. Campbell...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: For the love of God, I can smell
dialog: her Chap-Stick!
text: But the Mayor’s expression says “nope!” OFF this
dialog: moment...
scene_heading: INT. GUN STORE - NIGHT
text: The doors whip open and Bruce moves inside, checking out
text: the walls of rifles, shotguns, pistols and other weapons.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Zoom in on Bruce’s face, hard and serious. The bald
text: STOREKEEPER waits expectantly.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: All right, small-town America.
dialog: Show me what you’ve got.
text: In a montage of image we see a tough man’s hands getting
text: ready for some monster killin’ action.
text: Capable hands strap on a flak-jacket with multiple
dialog: pockets for weapons.
text: Cinch up a sheath for a big-ass hunting knife.
text: Fingers quickly punch shells into a shotgun.
text: A hand SPINS a revolver old west style, dropping it into
text: a leather holster.
text: Hands strap on double shotgun holsters, plunging double-
text: barrels into each holster.
text: Finally the hands grab a Jason-esque HOCKEY MASK. As the
text: hands prepare to put on the mask...
text: PULL BACK to reveal the incredibly well-armed/armored man
dialog: is actually... THE MAYOR.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Okay. I’m set.
text: Continue to PULL BACK to reveal Bruce standing nearby,
text: totally unarmed, watching incredulously.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Wonderful. Anything left for me?
text: Jeff reaches behind the counter and swings up a silver
text: plated CHAINSAW, banging it down on the counter.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I had it made special, just for
dialog: you. A Briggs and Stratton two-
text: barrel with a half-inch claw.
text: Bruce picks up the saw, hefting it, checking it out.
text: It’s been customized with a Bruce Campbell signature on
text: the gleaming blade.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sweet.
dialog: (tosses it aside)
dialog: And if I were going up against a
dialog: tree, possibly even appropriate.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Bruce starts pointing at guns, grenades, bear-traps and
text: other devices hanging on display in the gun store, like a
text: guy pointing at the food pictures in a Chinese
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Gimme one of those, two of those,
dialog: a handful of those... attaboy,
dialog: just keep ‘em coming, Cueball...
text: The bald STOREKEEPER loads the weaponry up in Bruce’s
text: arms, weighing him down with rifles, shotguns and
text: bazookas. Bruce staggers a moment under the weight, then
text: suddenly just DUMPS everything.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who wants a piece of this?
text: Jeff and several other Townfolk steps forward. Casual,
text: Bruce starts tossing them weapons. He hurls a rifle ata
text: squinch-faced MAN smoking a PIPE...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Here you go, Popeye...
text: He tosses a ‘45 Magnum pistol at a skinny looking
scene_heading: SCHOOLTEACHER TYPE...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Schwarzenegger gets the “make my
dialog: day”...
text: On a roll, Bruce tosses three or four hand grenades to a
text: second MAN, nonchalantly going for style points and
text: tossing the last one under his leg.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Heads up! Hup hup hup!
text: As the Grenade Man struggles/juggles to catch them, the
text: Storekeeper is aghast.
speaker_heading: STOREKEEPER
dialog: Mr. Campbell, those are live
dialog: grenades.
text: Bruce gives the Storekeeper a knowing wink.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Pull the other one, spit-shine!
dialog: (rising)
dialog: The rest of you, don’t be shy!
dialog: Load up!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: As the other Townfolk gather around the pick up their
text: weapons, including a severe looking “FARM WOMAN” who
text: samples several pieces, then picks up one of the bear
dialog: traps.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sure you know how to handle that,
dialog: sister?
text: The Farm Woman pulls a carrot out of her pocket, puts it
text: between the trap’s jaws and triggers the mechanism.
text: Chopping the carrot off at the root.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: All right! You’re taking point!
text: As the Farmers continue to arm up, Jeff comes up beside
dialog: Bruce.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Are you ready for this?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Kid, I made a movie in Bulgaria.
dialog: I’m ready for anything.
text: The Mayor and several other male TOWNFOLK nod knowingly
text: at the seemingly non-sequitur comment as Bruce moves to
text: the doorway of the store. He frames himself heroically
text: in the doorway, looking back at his peeps.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s rock.
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE STREET - NIGHT
text: A convoy of cars and pick-ups tear through downtown
text: Sawville, past the bar, where
text: KELLY watches with worry. Some of the armed-up Townfolk
text: are standing in the back of the pick-ups, waving and
text: firing their guns in rowdy celebration of the battle to
dialog: come. Suddenly,
text: BRUCE’S TRUCK skids to a stop outside the bar, dust
text: billowing up around it (even though it’s a paved
text: street... what up with that?) Bruce emerges from the
text: wafting dust, practically in Kelly’s arms.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hey baby. How about a kiss for
dialog: good luck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Apparently moved by the gesture, Kelly looks Bruce in the
text: eye. For an instant it looks like they’re going to
dialog: finally kiss, then:
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You wanna move that hand?
text: PAN DOWN to reveal Bruce’s hand clamped on Kelly's boob.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Just checking.
text: The “romantic” moment shattered, Bruce backs toward his
text: truck, jaunty as ever.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Put yourself on simmer,
dialog: sweetheart. ‘Cause when I come
dialog: back, I plan to stake a claim to
dialog: the prettiest green eyes I’ve ever
dialog: seen.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Now let’s do this thing!
text: As the pick-ups and cars tear out, HOLD ON Kelly, who
text: looks worried and concerned.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: My eyes are brown...
text: As the cars careen into the darkness...
scene_heading: EXT. STAGING AREA - NIGHT
text: A field outside some woods somewhere on the outskirts of
text: town. The full moon offers some illumination along with
text: the fiery TORCHES being carried by several Townfolk.
text: They’re also all equipped with small personal WALKIE
text: TALKIES. As the move through the area, the MAYOR spots
text: something on the ground.
text: NOTE that the Mayor is still wearing his Friday The 13th
text: hockey mask and all the weaponry/accoutrements that he
text: gathered at the gun store.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Hold it. What do you make of
dialog: this?
text: Bruce kneels, authoritative, picks up a handful of
text: gravel, sifting it through his fingers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (thoughtful)
text: Looks like gravel.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: I mean these tracks.
text: A set of well defined, devil-hoof footprints are visible
text: IN the gravel.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I’d say we’ve found us a Guan-Di.
text: Bruce rises as the townspeople gather ‘round.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: No surprise. The killings have
dialog: all been in this general area.
dialog: (rising, somber)
dialog: We're on it’s hunting ground now.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (with gravitas)
dialog: It’s not hunting us, Mayor. We're
text: hunting him.
text: The Townfolk exchange dubious looks.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: No, I think it’s still hunting us.
text: Bruce can sense the “nervousness” of his team.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, it’s liable to get ugly out
dialog: there. So when things look bad,
dialog: when it looks like you’re not
dialog: going to make it, remember two
dialog: things. One, even if you don’t
dialog: have medical insurance, emergency
dialog: rooms are mandated by Federal law
dialog: to treat severely injured
dialog: patients.
text: That doesn’t exactly inspire confidence.
text: GUY WITH TORCH
dialog: What’s number two?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (pauses for effect)
dialog: None of that matters, ‘cause Bruce
dialog: Campbell’s got your back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: With that rousing thought galvanizing them, the Townfolk
text: ROAR their approval and the whole posse takes off into
text: the woods. Bruce and the Woman lugging the bear-trap
dialog: take the lead...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: The Townfolk and Bruce have fanned out in the dark woods.
text: Flickering torches and flashlights through the trees.
text: Random walkie-talkie messages SQUAWK through the silence.
speaker_heading: WALKIE VOICE
dialog: This is Henderson. I’m crossing
dialog: Haselton Road... no sign of the
text: demon, over.
text: Jeff hangs close to Bruce as they stalk through the
text: underbrush, their guns out and ready.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: It’s quiet. Almost too...
speaker_heading: WALKIE VOICE
dialog: (super-loud)
dialog: Wait!
text: Bruce JUMPS at the super-loud warning.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: WALKIE VOICE
dialog: I think I heard something...
text: Suddenly, the weird, ominous sound of the Guan-Di echoes
text: through the area. Sort of like a cross between some
text: Chinese chant and the screech of an owl. Bruce is
text: impressed, glances toward Jeff.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: When this is over, you gotta
dialog: introduce me to the guy who does
dialog: your foley!
text: THROUGH THE WOODS
text: A dark figure, the Guan-Di, floats through the darkness.
text: Moonlight glints off the demon’s sword and ritual
text: costume, but it’s barely visible.
speaker_heading: WALKIE VOICE
dialog: Wait... wait... Oh God, I think I
dialog: see it, over!!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Bruce grabs his walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Good! Now see if you can flank
dialog: him and ease him around to my
dialog: position, over.
speaker_heading: WALKIE VOICE
dialog: He’s got a sword, over!!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Right. Just move him on over
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: WALKIE VOICE
dialog: It’s a big sucker!
text: Bruce is getting annoyed with all the pointless “delays.”
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Point taken! Now please lead El
dialog: Demonostro my way so I can...
dialog: (makes “air quotes”
dialog: for a baffled Jeff)
dialog: .--”open fire” and we can all get
dialog: back to town...
speaker_heading: WALKIE VOICE
dialog: Shit, he saw me! He’s turning
dialog: this way...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh great.
speaker_heading: WALKIE VOICE
dialog: God oh shit oh AHHHHHHHH --
text: The Walkie Voice suddenly does DEAD. Bruce stares at the
text: Walkie in his hand.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hello?
text: He hits the “talk” button, getting loud SQUAWKS.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Testing, testing. Dammit, are you
dialog: bringing me this “demon” or not?
text: Nothing but static on the walkie-talkie. Really annoyed
text: now, Bruce stands up, waving his arms impatiently.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, everybody. Cut, cut!
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: I’m trying to stay in character,
text: but radio-schmucko seems to lost a
dialog: couple pages of the script...
text: Suddenly something CAREENS out of the darkness, landing
text: at Bruce’s feet with a THUD. It’s the bear-trap Woman’s
text: SEVERED HEAD, steam-breath still puffing from her lips.
text: Bruce looks down at the head, still not quite
dialog: understanding what’s really going on. Thinks it’s a make-
dialog: up effect.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Breath’s a nice touch.
text: Dead ahead, several more TOWNFOLK suddenly rush out of
text: the woods, straight toward Bruce, SCREAMING in terror.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: What the -- ? Where are you
dialog: going?
text: As one of the slower Townfolk tries to get away, the
text: fiercesome figure of the Guan-Di suddenly looms over him,
text: his sword LASHING OUT and splitting the man’s head in
dialog: two!
speaker_heading: SPLIT MAN
speaker_heading: GAHHGHH!
text: Jeff grabs at Bruce’s sleeve, tugging at him.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Bruce! Do something!
text: As Bruce gapes in disbelief, the Guan-Di emerges from the
text: shadows, rising to it’s full eight foot height. Sword
text: dripping blood, it’s eyes blazing red. Suddenly (and
text: improbably) there’s a flash of lightning, and Bruce gets
text: his first full-on look at the terrifying demon.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What the fuck is that?
scene_heading: RUNNING TOWNIE
dialog: It’s the Guan-Di!
text: ZOOM IN on Bruce’s astonished face as the full, awful
text: reality hits him like a sledgehammer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You mean the son of a bitch is
speaker_heading: REAL?
scene_heading: RUNNING TOWNIE
dialog: Shoot it! Shoot it!
text: Bruce’s action hero derring-do suddenly vanishes.
text: Terrified, panicking, Bruce struggles to whip up his
text: shotgun. Shaking like Don Knotts, he blindly
text: FIRES! BLAM! Hitting one of the fleeing Townspeople in
dialog: the shoulder!
scene_heading: FLEEING TOWNIE
dialog: AGHHH! My arm!
text: Freaking out, Bruce shoots wildly again. BLAM!
scene_heading: ANOTHER FLEEING TOWNIE
dialog: OWwWwWW, my leg!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Gangway!!
text: Terrified, Bruce starts to run away from the approaching
text: demon, firing blindly over his shoulder. BOOM!
text: YET ANOTHER FLEEING TOWNIE
dialog: AHHH, my ear!!
scene_heading: TERRIFIED TOWNIE
dialog: Stop shooting, stop shooting!
text: As Bruce bolts, Jeff can’t believe his eyes.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Bruce! Where are you going?
text: Bruce tosses his shotgun into the brush and starts to run
text: full tilt.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: The hell away from here!
text: The Guan-Di continues advance, raising his blood-soaked
text: sword, a genuinely scary vision in the moonlit woods as
text: BRUCE picks up speed, hurdling brush and fallen logs like
text: an Olympian, eventually passing some of the scared
text: Townies who had a head start on him. This includes the
text: Mayor, still in his hockey mask.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Campbell, you coward! You were
dialog: supposed to protect us!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Branch.
text: The Mayor doesn’t understand the comment until he SLAMS
text: face first into a low hanging branch. As the Mayor flips
text: over onto his ass, Bruce doesn’t even slow down, running
dialog: back into the
scene_heading: EXT. STAGING AREA - NIGHT
text: Breathing hard, the SCREAMS of the Townspeople echoing
text: behind him, Bruce frantically runs to the parked cars and
text: pick-ups, trying to find one with the keys in the
dialog: ignition.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No keys?!
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: Desperate, Bruce throws open the door to a car and leans
text: under the dashboard, ripping out the ignition wires. He
text: breaks apart two of the wires and tries to spark the
text: engine to start, but instead he electrocutes himself!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: All right, coil wire to the
dialog: ignit...
dialog: (as he gets a spark)
dialog: GAHHYGG! !
text: The force of the electric shock SLAMS Bruce’s head into
text: the underside of the dash.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Owwww!
text: Dazed, he falls forward on the exposed wires and gets
scene_heading: ZAPPED AGAIN.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: JEEZZ!!
text: Struggling to get away from the sparking wires, Bruce
text: suddenly hears a gentle DING-A-LING of a bicycle bell.
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 70.
scene_heading: EXT. STAGING AREA —- NIGHT
text: Bruce pulls out of the car as LITTLE KID on a tiny “Sting-
text: Ray” type bike (!) rides through the scene. Canvas
text: newspaper delivery bags on the back of his bike.
speaker_heading: LITTLE KID
dialog: Paper, Mister?
text: Bruce thinks a moment, then has an idea.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah!
text: As the Little Kid stops, reaching for a newspaper, Bruce
text: runs for him, glancing around guiltily.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, kid! Your parents around?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Uhh --
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Good!
dialog: Desperate, Bruce
text: THROWS THE KID OFF THE BIKE
text: then jumps on the banana seat, churning his legs as fast
text: as he can. Teetering, barely keeping his balance, Bruce
text: races away from the staging area.
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE ROAD - NIGHT
text: Bruce races the small bike out onto the main road, legs
text: still churning wildly, when he’s BLINDED by on-rushing
text: headlights. Bruce throws an arm up to protect his eyes
dialog: and
text: LOSE CONTROL OF THE BIKE, sailing off the road and
text: crashing into a tree. As he picks himself up from the
text: brush, the car that almost hit him backs up to check on
text: him. An OLD LADY driver rolls down her window.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Young man, are you all right?
text: Bruce runs for the car like a drowning man clawing for a
dialog: life preserver.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You gotta get me out of here!
text: The Old Lady points to the cat carrier resting on the
text: car’s passenger seat. The old tabby inside MEOWS
text: affectionately.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: I’m sorry, but there’s no room...
text: Frantic, Bruce suddenly grabs the Old Lady’s arm and
text: THROWS HER out of the truck!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: There is now!
text: As the Old Lady hits the pavement, Bruce jumps into the
text: trunk and PUNCHES IT. As gravel spews from the tires,
text: the Old Lady raises a feeble hand.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Wait! My kitty-kitty!
text: As if in response, the cat carrier suddenly FLIES out the
text: passenger window, accompanied by a loud MEOWWWWW!
scene_heading: INT. OLD LADY’S CAR - NIGHT
text: Desperate, sweaty, crazed, Bruce hunkers over the
text: steering wheel and careens down the dark road, driving
text: like a bat outta hell. The light from the dashboard
text: gives his face an eerie, “up-shadow” cast.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Demons... monsters... what the
dialog: hell were they thinking? Thing’s
dialog: on my ass now... supernatural
dialog: bastard... I gotta make tracks but
dialog: fast...
scene_heading: EXT. OLD LADY'S CAR - NIGHT
text: From Bruce’s POV as he hauls ass, headlights stabbing the
text: darkness, suddenly flashing across a WOMAN pushing a BABY
text: CARRIAGE! And Bruce is heading straight for her!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh hell!
text: Bruce CRANKS the wheel to avoid the woman...
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 72.
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE - NIGHT
text: The swerving, careening headlights of Bruce’s stolen car
text: suddenly appear in the distance. In the foreground, a
text: couple of disinterested Townsies, munching on snow-cones,
dialog: take vague notice.
scene_heading: DISINTERESTED TOWNIE
dialog: Wonder who that is?
text: In the distance, the headlights suddenly swerve
text: OFF THE ROAD. There’s a distant SCREEECH of tires, the
text: CRUNCH of metal, then a muffled “plumphh” as FLAMES erupt
text: in the distance. Then
text: A SINGLE FIGURE begins to run/limp down the street. As
text: he gets closer, we see it’s Bruce, silhouetted by the
text: flames, yelping every time he lands on his injured leg.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (limping)
dialog: Son of a OWW gotta get OHH outta
dialog: here SHIT...
text: Bruce runs up to the two Disinterested Townies and grabs
text: them by their jackets. Bruce is crazy/angry with fear.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I need a car! Pronto!
scene_heading: DISINTERESTED TOWNIE
dialog: Aren’t you that demon-fighting
dialog: fella?
text: That pulls Bruce up short. As he looks around, more
text: Sawville shopkeepers and residents emerge onto the
text: sidewalk. Bruce begins to realize he’s making a “scene.”
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah, yeah, that’s me.
dialog: (thinks, then)
dialog: I, uhh, I blew the thing to
dialog: Kingdom Come! Yeah, that’s it...
dialog: I just came back for, uhh,
text: shovels. To scrape him up. And
dialog: trash bags! It’s helluva mess out
dialog: there...
text: As Bruce “improvises”, a pick-up truck rolls down the
text: street. Seeing that the open bed is empty, Bruce throws
text: a “goodbye” salute toward the baffled Townies and
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: LEAPS INTO THE BACK. Grinning at his good luck...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: So long, suckers!
text: .»+.as the truck pulls over and parks, the driver getting
text: out and going to one of the shops.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Son of a --
text: Beside himself, Bruce leaps out of the truck as the
text: sounds of CAR HORNS rise in the distance. It’s the
text: CARAVAN of surviving monster fighters, coming back into
text: town. Hearing all the racket,
text: KELLY comes out of her bar, worried. When she sees
text: Bruce, they lock eyes for a moment.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Bruce. Where's Jeff?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Jeff?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You just left him out there?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No! I mean, kind of!
dialog: (off her disdain)
dialog: Come on, lady, nobody told me this
dialog: monster was real!
text: Down the street, a GRAYHOUND BUS comes around a corner,
text: getting ready to pull out of town.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (desperate, to Kelly)
dialog: Shoe’s untied!
text: Kelly looks down. Bruce takes the opportunity to SPRINT
text: FOR THE BUS just as
text: JEFF steps out of one of the approaching cars, devastated
text: by Bruce’s betrayal.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Mom! Where's Bruce?
text: More townfolk emerge from their cars, some still bleeding
text: and seriously pissed off after Bruce’s shoot ‘em up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
scene_heading: SHOT IN ARM GUY
dialog: Thespian bastard shot me in the
dialog: arm!
text: Bruce, running for the bus, turns and runs backwards as
text: he tries to respond to the charges.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sorry!
scene_heading: SHOT IN LEG GUY
dialog: He got me in the leg!
text: As the crowd becomes a mob and begins to surge toward
text: Bruce, he BOLTS for the Grayhound.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (to bus)
dialog: Wait! Wait! For the luvva God,
dialog: stop!
text: He reaches the bus and slaps at the side until it grinds
text: to a stop. Gasping, Bruce runs for the door and jumps
text: inside, the bus pulling out just as the mob reaches it.
speaker_heading: TOWNSFOLK
dialog: Get out of town! Go back to
dialog: Hollywood! You shot my Uncle!
text: Gasping, Bruce moves to the back of the bus and looks out
text: the rear window as the mob recedes, throwing ROCKS,
text: FAUCETS, a round POKER TABLE and other handy items
text: against the glass. But Bruce’s focus is on
text: KELLY AND JEFF, standing together. As they recede in the
text: distance, their mutual looks of betrayal are like daggers
text: in Bruce’s heart. As Bruce settles into his seat,
text: utterly devastated, a elbow-jointed piece of plumbing
text: pipe BANGING behind him...
scene_heading: EXT. BRUCE’S HOUSE - DAYBREAK
text: The bus stops at the driveway by Bruce’s trailer and he
text: gets off, shoulders slumping, a shell of a man. As Bruce
text: nears the stoop of his trailer, he spots a padded manila
text: envelope on the porch. Dissolute, Bruce grabs it and
text: heads inside.
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 75.
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Bruce walks into his trailer and spots SamNRob on his
text: blanket. After his awful day, Bruce is aching for a
dialog: little affection.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Cute little Sam’nRob. At least I
dialog: still have you.
dialog: (kneeling)
dialog: C’mere, boy.
text: The dog just stares at Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, little guy. Here boy.
dialog: Here boy. Come on, fella. Come
dialog: to Daddy. That’s it. Come on.
dialog: Here boy, here boy, here boy...
dialog: (suddenly mad)
dialog: Son of a bitch!!
text: Bruce HURLS the manila envelope at the dog, getting a
text: loud BARK and SCREECH.
text: Giving up on the mutt, Bruce wanders to a cupboard,
text: pulling out a box of generic “Fruit Loops” cereal. He
text: fills a bowl with cereal, then grabs a quart of milk from
text: the fridge and sloshes it on.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘ll feel better after
dialog: breakfast... it’s most important
dialog: meal of the day...
text: He’s about to dig in when he notices the “message” light
text: blinking on his answering machine. Heartbroken, he
text: punches the “play” button.
scene_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE
dialog: (jaunty voice)
dialog: This is Bruce Campbell, actor
dialog: extraordinaire. If you’re young,
dialog: female and not currently
dialog: incarcerated, page me at star-998,
text: otherwise leave a message after
dialog: the tone...
speaker_heading: BEEP.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (on machine)
dialog: Bruce, it’s Deborah.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Deb...?
dialog: (grabbing machine)
dialog: Deborah?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (on machine)
dialog: There’s something I’ve been
dialog: meaning to tell you, something
dialog: that’s been weighing on me ever
dialog: since our divorce.
text: Bruce clutches the answering machine to his heart,
dialog: praying for good news.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Of course I forgive you!
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (on machine)
dialog: ...it’s the alimony payment. It’s
dialog: just not cutting it.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Huh?!
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (on machine)
dialog: My lawyer’s filed a motion to have
dialog: it increased, along with a
dialog: restraining order, so don’t even
dialog: try returning this call...
text: Fuming, Bruce RIPS the answering machine cord out of the
text: wall, then smashes the box on the floor.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Heartless hell-spawn!
text: Emotionally crushed, Bruce spots the manila envelope near
text: Sam’Rob’s dog blanket. He rips it open and pulls out
text: TWO SCRIPTS. “Cavealien 3 and 4.” As Bruce’s jaw falls
text: open, he notices a little buck slip paper-clipped to the
dialog: first script, “From The Desk Of Mills Toddner.” Hand
dialog: written under that,
dialog: “Pack your bags, baby, they’re back-to-back in Romania!
dialog: Love ya, Mills.”
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: No... NO...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: His life falling to pieces before his eyes, Bruce
text: stumbles back, tripping over a throw rug. As he flails,
text: he accidentally smacks the bowl of Fruit Loops,
text: SENDING THEM FLYING. As Bruce lands on his ass, the
text: Fruit Loops and milk explode over him, the cereal
text: sticking to him like bizarre sequins. As Bruce lies
text: there, dazed, milk and cereal dripping off him,
text: THE DOORBELL RINGS.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold on... just a minute...
text: Still dripping Fruit Loops, Bruce staggers to the door.
text: He throws it open, revealing...
text: A HARD-EDGED STRIPPER (KASEY) IN A FLAG BIKINI, waving
text: two lit sparklers. Bottle of whiskey under one arm.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m busy!
speaker_heading: KASEY
dialog: And I'm Kasey, the famous singing
dialog: prostitute!
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I’m here to offer birthday
dialog: greetings and wish you lots of
dialog: luck, and if you’re really really
dialog: nice I’ll even toss in a f--
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (cuts her off)
dialog: Who sent you?!
text: Kasey fumbles in her tiny purse, finding a note...
speaker_heading: KASEY
dialog: “From your friend and agent, Mills
dialog: Toddner. Here’s some birthday
dialog: sugar, baby.”
text: Bruce stares at Kasey in slack-jawed disbelief. Fruit
text: Loops dangling from his hair and face.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: This was my surprise? A woman?
speaker_heading: KASEY
dialog: Actually I’m only half-way through
dialog: my trans-gender surgeries, so
dialog: technically...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Kasey reaches for her bikini bottoms, like she’s going to
dialog: pull them down and show Bruce something “surprising.”
text: Bruce waves his hands frantically.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: For the love of God, stop!!
text: As Kasey relents, Bruce’s phone RINGS. Struggling to
text: maintain his emotional equilibrium, he staggers back to
text: answer it as Kasey enters, looking around curiously.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Campbell residence.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S TRAILER - DAY
text: Jeff’s on the phone, talking to Bruce from his trailer.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Bruce. It’s Jeff.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (eyes narrowing)
dialog: You little BASTARD. You're the
dialog: one who dragged me into this
dialog: nightmare! Now I suppose you’re
dialog: going to chew my ass for taking a
dialog: powder.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No. I... I just wanted to thank
dialog: you.
text: Bruce looks at the phone like Jeff's speaking Swahili.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Thank me?!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: For teaching me the meaning of
dialog: “courage.”
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I ran like a cheap mascara!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That’s just it. I was trying to
dialog: dodge my responsibilities by
dialog: dumping them on you. You showed
dialog: me that I have to face this thing
dialog: on my own.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Bruce can’t believe he’s being let off the hook. Improvs
dialog: to suggest that was his plan all along.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well... thought I’d help you shape
dialog: up... I’m glad you’ve seen the
dialog: error of your ways... yeah...
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Truth is, I’m the one who
dialog: unleashed the Guan-Di. So it’s up
dialog: to me to kill it.
text: The reality of Jeff's plan hits Bruce’s addled brain.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You’re gonna take on Toshiro
dialog: McShithead?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: All I needed was a push. Thank
dialog: you, Mr. Campbell...
text: As the line goes dead...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Kid! KID!!
dialog: (slams down phone)
dialog: Son of a --
speaker_heading: KASEY
dialog: Boyfriend troubles?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (reeling)
dialog: No!
text: Distraught, Bruce paces his living room. He grabs the
text: bottle that Kacey brought and spins off the cap, about to
text: drink himself to oblivion when he hesitates...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stupid kid... he’s gonna get
dialog: himself killed!
dialog: (about to drink)
dialog: What do I care? I’ve got my own
dialog: problems!
text: As Bruce stares at the bottle, suddenly two tiny Bruce
text: figures appear on his shoulders. One is the “Angel”
text: Bruce, complete with simpering voice. The other is the
text: “Devil” Bruce, with a growling nasty voice.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: ANGEL BRUCE
dialog: I’m your good nature, Bruce.
dialog: (simpering voice)
dialog: If Jeff goes up against the Guan-
text: Di alone, he’1l be cut to ribbons.
dialog: You've got to help the lad!
speaker_heading: DEVIL BRUCE
dialog: (gruff voice)
dialog: Don’t listen to him! Kid’s an
dialog: asshole! Fuck him! Nobody lives
dialog: forever!
speaker_heading: ANGEL BRUCE
dialog: (simpering voice)
dialog: How can you even think such a
dialog: thing? This young man is our
dialog: biggest fan!
text: As this conversation continues, two more, even TINIER
text: Bruce figures magically appear -- this time on the ANGEL
dialog: BRUCE’S tiny shoulders!
scene_heading: ANGEL BRUCE’S ANGEL
dialog: (simpering voice)
dialog: You’re absolutely right, Angel
dialog: Bruce. Remind him that our fans
dialog: support us no matter what.
scene_heading: ANGEL BRUCE’S DEVIL
dialog: (gruff voice)
dialog: What the hell are you talking
dialog: about? If Campbell takes the dirt
dialog: nap, we’re all toast!
text: Surprisingly, that last piece of logic hits home with
dialog: Angel Bruce.
speaker_heading: ANGEL BRUCE
dialog: (simpering voice)
dialog: Well, he does have a point. And
dialog: young Jeff did release the
dialog: fiend...
dialog: (to big Bruce)
dialog: Maybe we should let him die...
text: Bruce suddenly SCREAMS, waving his arms, dissipating the
text: multiple bickering devil/angel figures.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
speaker_heading: AHHHH!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Bruce looks at the whisky bottle, sorely tempted, then
text: suddenly HURLS it across the room. Resolve building in
text: his face.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Kasey)
dialog: You. Uncle Sam-Antha. How’d you
dialog: like to make a quick fifty bucks?
text: Kasey rises with a matter of fact sigh, reaching for her
text: bikini bottoms.
speaker_heading: KASEY
dialog: Story of my life...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No! I need a ride!
speaker_heading: KASEY
dialog: That’s why I’m here...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: IN YOUR CAR!
speaker_heading: KASEY
dialog: Oh. Where are we going?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Little town called Sawville.
dialog: (gritting his teeth)
dialog: Looks like I’ve got to kill me a
dialog: Guan-Di.
text: As Kasey blankly mulls this non-sequitur...
scene_heading: EXT. SAWVILLE STREET - DAY
text: Kasey’s VW Bug putt-putts into town, pulling over on main-
text: street. Regardless of the weather, Kasey’s still in her
text: sexy patriotic bikini. As they both get out...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sit. Try not to blow anybody
dialog: until I get back.
text: Bruce starts down the sidewalk, the same walk he took the
dialog: day before. But this time the reaction is much
text: different. He’s met with sneers and snarls. Gingerly,
text: he approaches the
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: GROCERY STORE, display of apples out front. Bruce starts
dialog: to reach for an apple, like yesterday, only to have the
text: Shopkeeper slam a BUTCHER KNIFE down inches from his
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: SHOPKEEPER
dialog: Apples aren’t for sale!
text: Bruce backs off, counting his fingers, and continues down
text: the sidewalk, pausing in front of the
text: APPLIANCE STORE. A display of ghetto-blaster radios out
text: front. Bruce offers a meek little wave to the Appliance
text: Store Owner, who angrily punches the play button on one
dialog: of the radios.
scene_heading: APPLIANCE STORE OWNER
dialog: Wrote this last night, bitch.
text: A chugging RAP SONG starts to play...
speaker_heading: RADIO RAP SONG
dialog: (sing-song rap)
dialog: BRUCE CAMPBELL, man used to be it,
dialog: now BRUCE CAMPBELL, man’s fulla
dialog: shit. Actor-man said he’d save
dialog: our town from fear, but all we saw
text: was his yellow rear, BRUCE
dialog: CAMPBELL, dat’s right, BRUCE
text: CAMPBELL, runs from a fight, BRUCE
dialog: CAMPBELL, got balls like a mouse,
dialog: BRUCE CAMPBELL, he’s worthless
dialog: louse... (etc)
text: Bruce moves off from the blaring rap-song, passing
text: AN ELDERLY MAN, the one who gave him the sign of the
dialog: cross earlier.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I just wanted to thank you for
dialog: your blessing, kind sir...
text: The Elderly Man suddenly HAWKS an enormous loogie into
text: Bruce’s face, leaving strands of saliva dangling from
text: Bruce’s chin. As Bruce tries to mop this off, he comes
text: across the same group of
text: SCHOOL CHILDREN he had bumped into the day before.
text: Seeing Bruce, they rush up excitedly, but instead of
text: “hail the conquering hero,” they start kicking and
text: punching him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: You piece of shit! Coward! Wimp!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Come on, kids, I did my best --
text: The First Kid KICKS HIM.
speaker_heading: FIRST KID
dialog: You shot my Dad!
speaker_heading: SECOND KID
dialog: I drew this picture of you!
text: The kid shows Bruce the drawing: Bruce running away from
text: a monster, a yellow streak up his back, lumps of poop
text: coming out of his pants. As the kids jeer, a
text: THIRD KID, the one who had drawn Bruce getting his head
text: cut off last time, tentatively shows Bruce his new
dialog: drawing.
speaker_heading: THIRD KID
dialog: I still believe in you, Mr.
dialog: Campbell.
text: The drawing shows Bruce standing on the neck of the dead
text: monster, triumphant. Bruce is touched...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Gosh, thanks...
text: But before Bruce can get too mushy, the other kids turn
text: on Third Kid and start pounding him, ripping his drawing
dialog: to pieces.
speaker_heading: THIRD KID
text: OWW! STOP!! Wahhhhhh...
text: Bruce uses the distraction to ease away, finally reaching
text: Kelly’s bar. A CLOSED sign in the window. Frustrated,
text: Bruce is trying to figure his next move when he notices a
text: billow of smoke rising from behind the building. He goes
text: around to the side, where
text: KELLY is standing over a burn barrel, grabbing papers and
text: posters from the back of her pick-up bed and jamming them
text: into the flames. NOTE: There’s a stocked gun rack
text: inside the pick-up.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Kelly!
text: Kelly turns, eyes narrowing when she sees Bruce.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Go back to Hollywood, big shot.
dialog: Find yourself some hot and cold
dialog: running starlets. You and I are
dialog: so over...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Kelly, please. I’m not a shallow
dialog: sex machine like most Hollywood
dialog: types...
text: As Bruce struggles to reason with Kelly, KACEY, still in
text: her bikini, marches up on them.
speaker_heading: KACEY
dialog: Hey, Mister, you owe me $50!
text: Kelly is stunned. Bruce is mortified.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Just a second...
speaker_heading: KACEY
dialog: And we still need to have sex!
text: As Bruce stammers, Kacey pats the ground, like that’s
dialog: where they should do it.
speaker_heading: KACEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Right here would work.
dialog: (to Kelly)
dialog: Hey, B-cup, got a blanket we could
dialog: borrow?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: She's a...
speaker_heading: KACEY
dialog: (catches him)
dialog: Technically I’m still a “he”...
text: Bruce’s shoulders sag as he realizes the truth is only
dialog: going to get him in more trouble, but...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: “He” is a...
dialog: (mumbling real fast)
dialog: ...famoussingingprostitute...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: KACEY
dialog: Toss in another twenty-five bucks
dialog: and I’1l1 do her too.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (to Bruce, disgusted)
dialog: My God. You really are a total
dialog: waste of skin.
text: Torn between Kacey’s demands and Kelly’s disgust, Bruce
text: turns to Kelly.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Just... wait!
text: Frustrated, Bruce runs back to Kacey and peels out $50.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: For Christ's sake, just take it
dialog: and go!
text: He starts back toward Kelly, then stops, lowering his
text: voice to Kacey.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (pig latin)
dialog: I’1l take a raincheck on the ex-
dialog: say a little ater-lay.
text: As Kacey takes the money and leaves, Bruce runs back to
text: Kelly as she shoves even more papers into the bin. He’s
text: about to say something when he notices the “papers” all
dialog: consist of Bruce Campbell memorabilia.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Kelly, listen to me, we don’t have
dialog: time to...
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Hey! Those are my posters!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jeff asked me to purge his
dialog: trailer. It was my pleasure.
text: She stuffs a MINDWARP poster into the flames.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sweet Jesus! That’s the limited
dialog: edition ”“B” style!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Plenty more where that came from.
dialog: (annoyed)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you still here? Don’t you
dialog: have a bad movie to make?
text: Kelly pulls an Ash “Army Of Darkness” action figure from
text: the bed of the pick-up and tosses it into the flames as
text: Bruce winces.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: A couple, actually. But the truth
dialog: is... I haven’t been able to stop
dialog: thinking about you.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Oh please.
text: She shakes her head derisively as Bruce takes a step
text: closer, just inches away from her.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I know it sounds crazy. I mean, we
dialog: barely know each other. But I
dialog: think... I think I’m in...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You wanna move that hand?
text: PULL OUT and REVEAL Bruce’s hand jammed down the back of
text: Kelly’s pants. Bruce pulls out his hand, chagrined.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay. So maybe it’s over between
dialog: us. At least let me help you
dialog: rescue Jeff.
text: Kelly stops in the midst of jamming another poster into
text: the flames, startled.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jeff needs to be rescued?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: He called me this morning. He’s
dialog: going after the Guan-Di!
speaker_heading: KELLY
speaker_heading: WHAT?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I thought you knew!
text: Kelly looks toward the sky, the sun close to setting.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Oh my God! It’1ll be dark soon.
dialog: (intense)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (6)
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: We need to get the town together,
dialog: now!
text: As Kelly grabs a cell-phone from her pocket, frantically
text: punching a number, Bruce tries to pluck the smoldering
text: Bruce doll from the flames...
scene_heading: INT. KELLY’S BAR - NIGHT
text: A group of grumbling townfolk, several sporting new
text: splints, bandages on their faces, crutches and other
text: medical evidence of Bruce shooting spree have gathered in
text: Kelly’s bar. A rumble of discontent magnifies into open
dialog: rebellion when
text: BRUCE appears. As if on cue, the entire mob surges
text: forward and grabs Bruce, pinning him against the wall,
text: punching him.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: OWWW! Wait! OWW! A boy’s life
dialog: OWW hangs in UMPH the balance!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Stop it! Now!
text: The angry ROAR subsides. The crowd, still holding Bruce,
text: turns toward Kelly.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let him talk.
text: Bruce stares into their faces, all seething with sheer
dialog: rage, then...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Look, rural folk, I know I let you
dialog: down... and I’m sorry. But the
dialog: callow movie star who came into
dialog: your lives yesterday is not the
dialog: man standing before you today.
text: The Townfolk release Bruce and take a step back,
text: tentatively giving Bruce a moment to redeem himself.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s right. It took the faith
dialog: of a kid like Jeff, and the
dialog: decency of a good woman like Kelly
dialog: to help me see the light. In the
dialog: last twenty four hours, I’ve
dialog: learned a little something about
dialog: honor. Respect.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (he looks at Kelly)
dialog: Maybe even love.
text: This time even Kelly is touched by Bruce’s sentiment.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Man’s not much if he can’t own up
dialog: to his mistakes. So I’m here to
dialog: apologize, but more importantly,
dialog: to makes this right.
dialog: (heartfelt)
dialog: I’m not just asking you for a
dialog: second chance. I’m begging you
dialog: for one.
text: There’s a long moment of silence. Bruce stands there a
text: moment, then REVERSE THE ANGLE, revealing that the room
text: is COMPLETELY EMPTY. Everyone just left, except Kelly.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You moved ‘em, all right.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE GRAVEYARD - NIGHT
text: The gates loom in the darkness as headlights wash across
text: the gate. After a moment, Jeff steps from his car,
text: grabbing a rifle and a flashlight. As he closes the car
text: door, a breeze kicks up a flutter of leaves that wash
text: across the old tombstones.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Okay. This was a bad idea.
text: As Jeff stares at the moldering graves...
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Rocks begin to rattle, signaling the re-emergence of the
text: demonic Guan-Di. As the rock-fall clatters...
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE CEMETARY - NIGHT
text: Jeff hears the rocks moving and gets the creeps.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Scratch “maybe.”
text: As Jeff nervously holds his position, rifle in hand,
text: waiting for the Guan-Di to emerge...
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 89.
scene_heading: INT. KELLY’S PICK-UP/EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Kelly hunched over the wheel, steaming mad. Bruce is
text: sitting beside her, reeling from her verbal assault. As
text: they tear down the road, the last vestiges of sunlight
text: disappearing behind the trees...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Big ass movie-star. Haven’t you
dialog: ever heard of a TELEPHONE?! No,
dialog: YOU had to waste eight hours
text: DRIVING all the way back.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Thought chick’s got off on the
dialog: whole mano a mano thing.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Mano a moron, you mean...
text: Bruce glances through the back cab window, looking at the
text: Bruce Campbell memorabilia scattered in the truck bed.
text: Posters, cardboard standees and even scripts.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Wait a minute.
text: Light-bulb going off, Bruce reaches through the window
text: into the back truck bed...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Don’t mess around. My demolition
text: supplies are back there.
text: Bruce looks again, noticing a wooden crate that says
scene_heading: DYNAMITE.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You keep a crate of dynamite in
dialog: your truck?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You don’t?
text: Bruce doesn’t have an answer to that. He fumbles a
text: little more, pulling back with a handful of OLD SCRIPTS.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing with those?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Listen, sister, maybe your idea of
dialog: a “plan” is to tap this Guan-Di on
text: the shoulder and “pretty-please”
dialog: him to death, but seems to me
dialog: we’re gonna need more than that.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: And you think you’re can find it
dialog: in one of your old scripts?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Brilliant Hollywood writers spent
dialog: weeks on these stories!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Gimme a break...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: Rising action, character arcs, set
dialog: ups and pay offs...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I’ve seen better plots ina
dialog: Bazooka Joe comic!
text: Bruce sneers at the insult, flipping open a script. He
text: reads a second, then...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: This could work -- where’s the
dialog: closest oceanic oil drilling
dialog: platform?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Ireland.
text: Miffed, Bruce tosses that script out the window, opens
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You got any abandoned steel mills
text: with giant vats of molten metal?
text: Kelly shakes her head “no.” Bruce tosses that one, tries
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
text: Extensive cave systems with
text: cannibal bats underneath an active
dialog: volcano?
text: Kelly shakes her head no again. Out goes another script.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
text: An island full of mutated giant
dialog: gorillas? No, wait, I died in
dialog: that one...
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Kelly suddenly veers off the main road, taking the same
dialog: dirt road we saw Jeff and Clayton take earlier. As Bruce
text: SLAMS against the side of the truck from the turn...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
speaker_heading: UMPH!
dialog: (rubbing his head)
dialog: Do you even know where you’re
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jeff‘s friends were killed outside
dialog: an old Chinese cemetary. I’m
dialog: guessing that’s...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (cuts her off)
dialog: Lady, guesswork is the last thing
dialog: we need right now.
text: She points out the window at a sign nailed to a tree.
dialog: "Jeff's this way!”
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: The signs help.
text: They careen down the dirt road, coming up on the...
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETARY - NIGHT
text: Bruce and Kelly pull up to the old cemetary, a waft of
text: dust rolling over them as they park next to Jeff’s car.
text: Kelly jumps out and looks in Jeff's vehicle, scared when
text: she realizes he’s gone.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Oh my God. He’s gone.
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Jeff! JEFF!
text: No answer. As Kelly gets more concerned.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Boy’s got any sense, he’s probably
text: hightailing it back to town.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: If he had any sense, he wouldn’t
dialog: have called you.
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: JEFF! JEFF!!
text: As Kelly continues calling, Bruce reaches into Kelly’s
text: truck and grabs a rifle off the gun rack.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: We'd better split up. You go
dialog: around to the right, I'll go...
dialog: (bumps into someone)
speaker_heading: AHHHH! !
text: Bruce YELPS as he turns around, realizing he bumped into
text: JEFF, who was standing right behind him.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jeff!
text: As Kelly runs toward her son, Bruce notices that Jeff's
text: frozen in fear, his eyes wide and staring.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (eyes fixed)
dialog: Hi, Bruce.
text: With trepidation, Bruce follows Jeff's stare across the
dialog: graveyard, to...
text: THE FEARSOME GUAN-DI, looming in the shadows, sword
text: gleaming in the moonlit darkness. As Kelly reaches Jeff,
text: pulling him close in a hug, she also sees the demonic
dialog: creature.
dialog: Oh no...
text: Rifle in hand, Bruce steps in front of Kelly and Jeff.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Stay behind me.
dialog: (cocks rifle)
text: Things heat up, Mr. Winchester’s
dialog: gonna get mighty nervous.
text: Suddenly, the stand-off is broken when another figure
text: enters, just in front of the Guan-Di. It’s old WING, the
dialog: bowling Chinese wise man!
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: Mr. Campbell. So you have
dialog: returned.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That’s right, Wing.
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: You think you can destroy Guan-Di?
dialog: Destroy the protector of the dead?
dialog: You’re a fool!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: Pot meet kettle, pajama-man.
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: Don’t you see? The demon is under
dialog: my command... exacting my revenge
dialog: against those who have scorned
dialog: me... he’s nothing more than an
dialog: empty-headed vessel doing my
dialog: bidding...
text: The Guan-Di looks down at Wing with a cranky “huh?
dialog: What’d you say?” look.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Uhh --
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Mr. Wing! He’s right behind you!
text: Wing LAUGHS at Kelly’s concern, pulling a small packet of
text: food from his Chinese robe.
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: I have nothing to fear from Guan-
dialog: Di, for I have come with the
dialog: sacred bean curd.
text: Bruce glances toward that mottled sign at the mouth of
scene_heading: the graveyard. PRO ECTE FO THOSE WH DIE . BEWA E HOSE
scene_heading: WITHOUT EAN URD.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Kelly, that sign!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: “Protected for those who died...
dialog: beware those without bean curd!”
dialog: Of course!
text: Wing laughs at Bruce, Kelly and Jeff, taking an enormous
text: bite of the (rank) bean curd.
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: (curd spilling from
dialog: his mouth)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: WING (CONT'D)
dialog: You see! HA HA HA HA!! Mmmm,
dialog: good!
text: While Wing is chuckling, the Guan-Di is getting seriously
text: pissed. He rises to his full height behind Wing, eyes
text: blazing red with rage.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Wait a sec. Didn’t you say the
dialog: Guan-Di protects the dead --
text: ZOOM IN on Wing, bean curd still spilling from his mouth,
text: as he glances back and sees the Guan-Di’s demonic, angry
text: eyes glowing over him. Bean curd still spilling from his
text: mouth, Wing suddenly realizes he’s hosed.
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: Good poin --
text: The Guan-Di suddenly LASHES OUT, his silver blade lopping
text: off Wing’s head with one savage whack! Bean curd goes
text: flying as the Guan-Di turns his demonic red eyes toward
dialog: Bruce and Kelly.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Bruce --
text: Bruce contemplates his next move, snapping his fingers as
text: he gets an idea.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Wait, wait one minute...
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: There was one other script... I
dialog: did pass on it... more like a
dialog: rewrite... actually, I saved the
dialog: thing, Writer’s Guild screwed me
dialog: out of my credit...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Bruce, what is it?!
text: Bruce suddenly raises his rifle and aims it, NOT at the
text: Guan-Di but at the tree branches over the Guan-Di’s head.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sweet little number that goes
dialog: something like this --
text: Bruce FIRES! The bullet hits a branch over the Guan-Di’s
text: head and splits it off, sending it dropping straight
text: toward the demon. The Guan-Di looks up as the branch
dialog: comes down --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
text: MISSING HIM BY INCHES and crashing into a pile of LOGS by
text: the Guan-Di’s feet. The impact dislodges the logs and
text: sends them rolling out of the graveyard...
text: STRAIGHT TOWARD BRUCE, KELLY AND JEFF.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: RUN! !
text: Kelly and Jeff bolt, but Bruce TRIPS over a fallen branch
text: and pancakes to the ground as the Guan-Di approaches.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Kelly! Jeff! Run!
text: As they sprint off, the Guan-Di reaches Bruce and PICKS
text: HIM UP BY THE SCRUFF OF HIS SHIRT...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ayiyaiyaiyai...
text: Then the Guan-Di THROWS Bruce across the graveyard.
text: Bruce SLAMS into one of the old markers and slides to the
text: ground, groaning. He’s struggling to pick himself up
text: when the Guan-Di suddenly looms over him, grabbing him
dialog: and
text: HURLING BRUCE into Kelly’s pick-up. Bruce’s ass crunches
text: in the windshield, then he rolls off and hits the dirt.
text: As Bruce tries to get up, the Guan-Di’s shadow looms over
text: him again.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait... can’t we talk this
dialog: ouwWWW...
text: The Guan-Di lifts Bruce to his feet so they’re looking at
text: each other eye to eye, then the Guan-Di SLAMS his palm
text: into Bruce’s chest.
text: ETHEREAL FIRE explodes from the contact as Bruce’s eyes
text: flutter, stretching into an “oriental” configuration and
text: turning demonic red. He’s been
dialog: POSSESSED by the Guan-Di!
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (growling)
text: Nhhggrrrrrr...
text: The Guan-Di releases Bruce and he staggers back, walking
text: jerkily, like a puppet on a string...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Am... u... let...
scene_heading: EXT. WOOD - NIGHT
text: Kelly and Jeff are racing through the moonlit woods,
text: around trees and dense foliage, desperate to get away.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Hurry, Jeff, run!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (over shoulder)
dialog: But, but what about...
text: SUDDENLY THE POSSESSED BRUCE springs up in front of them.
text: Kelly SCREAMS as Jeff SLAMS right into him.
text: Bruce’s hand SNAPS OUT and grab Jeff around the throat,
text: choking him. His other hand reaches for Jeff's pocket,
text: and the Asian amulet (which has been there since Jeff put
text: it there, back in his trailer).
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (possessed)
dialog: You... released Guan-Di... took am-
dialog: u-let...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Bruce! What are you doing?
text: As Jeff chokes, unable to break free, Kelly tries to
text: punch Bruce away, but he’s too strong.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: For God's sakes, Bruce! Let him
dialog: go!
text: Desperate, Kelly finds a heavy branch on the ground and
text: swings it like a BASEBALL BAT, smashing it across the
text: back of Bruce’s head. But the limb simply disintegrates
text: into dust as Bruce continues to choke Jeff.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (possessed)
dialog: ...took... keeeeyyyy... beaaannn
dialog: curd...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Oh God oh God oh God...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Desperate, getting an idea, Kelly picks up on the
text: possessed Bruce’s last comment and BOLTS back toward the
dialog: graveyard.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE CEMETARY - NIGHT
text: Kelly races to Wing’s decapitated body. Looking for
text: something, she kneels by Wing’s corpse, prying open his
dialog: dead hand...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Kelly runs back into the woods. Jeff is faltering,
text: gasping as possessed Bruce continues to choke him.
dialog: Suddenly,
text: KELLY rushes up to the demonic Bruce and STUFFS a handful
dialog: of bean-curd into his mouth!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Suck on that, hell-demon! Let him
dialog: go!
text: Bean curd dribbling from his possessed lips, Bruce
text: releases Jeff, rears back and ROARS toward the Heavens.
text: Spitting curd into the sky. Then, spent, Bruce drops to
text: his knees, head down, gasping. Not willing to take any
dialog: chances,
text: KELLY finds another thick branch and raises it, preparing
text: for a killing stroke. She hesitates, just for a moment,
text: eyes filling with unexpected tears...
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: I... I’m sorry...
text: As she swings, Bruce’s hand suddenly SNAPS UP and catches
text: her wrist mid-swing. Bruce’s head is still down, so for
dialog: an instant we don’t know if this is real or Memorex-Demon
dialog: Bruce until...
text: HE LOOKS UP. His eyes clear, back to normal. Slowly
text: shaking his head “no” as he stands, savoring Kelly’s
dialog: relief.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You're sorry. That bean-curd
dialog: tastes like...
text: The heroic moment is muted when Jeff, angry after being
text: choked, KICKS BRUCE IN THE BALLS.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: OOmphhhh! !
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Son of a bitch, you tried to kill
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (pained voice)
dialog: No... it was the demon... the one
dialog: without balls...
text: Still in agony, Bruce shows them the amulet.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: And this... is what it’s after.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Costume jewelry?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Not quite.
dialog: (glaring at Jeff)
dialog: Genius here took it when he
dialog: unleashed Hari-Kari-Larry. It’s a
dialog: sacred amulet, the one that brings
dialog: peace to the Guan-Di and the souls
dialog: of the dead. You know. Just THE
text: WHOLE REASON WE'RE HERE!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Easy. We can play the blame game
dialog: later. Question is, what do we do
dialog: now?
text: Bruce pulls himself together. Looks into the darkness.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What else you got in that truck of
dialog: yours?
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: OPEN TIGHT on a smiling, heroic Bruce Campbell face.
text: Slowly PULL BACK to reveal it’s actually a CARDBOARD
text: STANDEE from the CAVEALIEN movie, featuring Bruce in his
text: uniform. The box of DYNAMITE right behind it.
text: The Standee is perched between some fallen rocks in the
text: mouth of the cave. CONTINUE PULLING BACK to reveal Bruce
text: and Kelly rolling demolition wire out away from the
dialog: standee, toward a
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 99.
scene_heading: EXT. DARK SPOT IN WOODS NEAR CAVE - NIGHT
text: Bruce and Kelly bring the wire back to Jeff, waiting with
text: the dynamite plunger.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Way I figure it, this demon has a
dialog: serious hard-on for yours truly.
text: When he spots my puss on his
dialog: doorstep he’s gonna go Pearl
dialog: Harbor, and that’s when we drop
dialog: the mountain on his Jackie-Chan
dialog: ass.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Sounds risky.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah. That’s our only standee.
dialog: But right now it’s our only...
text: In the distance, they HEAR the demonic YOWL of the Guan-
text: Di. Jeff, hooking up the wires to an old-fashioned
text: “shove the handle down” detonator box, shivers.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Jesus. He’s coming back.
text: As they finish their preparations, Bruce looks Kelly and
text: Jeff in the eye.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Look, however this turns out, I
dialog: just want you both to know...
text: Kelly and Jeff both take a breath, like they know the
dialog: sentiment that Bruce is going for...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: ..-that I’1l never forgive you for
dialog: dragging me out here.
text: In the distance, the Guan-Di moves out of the woods into
text: the moonlight. His gleaming sword WET with blood. As he
text: nears the cave entrance...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold... hold it... wait until he’s
dialog: inside the cave...
text: The Guan-Di sees the smiling Bruce standee in the cave
text: entrance and REARS BACK, GROWLING. With a samurai
text: change, it runs at the standee, blade high.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s seen it! Easy... easy...
text: But just as it seems it’s going to take the bait and go
text: into the cave entrance, the Guan-Di STOPS. Like it
text: senses something’s wrong.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: He’s not buying it! Shit! That’s
dialog: a great likeness, too.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What are we going to do?
text: Bruce collects himself, shaking his head. Can’t believe
dialog: he’s about to do this...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Wait here. I’m going in.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Bruce, wait! That’s suicide!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You're right.
text: Bruce shoves his rifle into Kelly’s hands.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: You'd better do it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Bruce, the Guan-Di’s going to be
dialog: looking for you.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Kay-rist....
dialog: (takes gun back)
dialog: All right. I'11 try to lure him
text: into the cave. The second he does
dialog: inside, you drop that plunger.
dialog: Got me?
text: Bruce is about to take off when...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Bruce! Wait.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: She suddenly, impulsively pulls Bruce into a tight
text: embrace. They look into each other’s eyes, then, just as
text: they’re about to kiss...
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: You wanna move that hand?
text: Bruce looks down, surprised. PULL BACK to reveal that
text: for once, he’s NOT groping her.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: But I...
text: Kelly smiles, takes his hands and pulls them around her
text: in a passionate embrace. Then they kiss, passionate, the
text: kind of kiss a girl gives a guy right before he heads off
text: to war. As they finally break...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: For luck.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Another kiss like that, I could
dialog: win the lottery.
text: Bruce nods back to Jeff, poised over the plunger, then
text: BOLTS FOR THE CAVE ENTRANCE.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE
text: The Guan-Di turns as it hears Bruce running toward him.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: All right, Top Ramen, let’s do
dialog: this!
text: The Guan-Di raises his sword, the steel glinting in the
text: moonlight, as Bruce runs at him and TACKLES HIM STRAIGHT
text: BACK INTO THE CAVE.
scene_heading: EXT. DARK SPOT OUTSIDE CAVE - NIGHT
text: Jeff realizes it’s time to do the deed, but he’s frozen
text: over the plunger.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jeff!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Mom, I... I can’t!
dialog: (anguished)
dialog: It... it’s Bruce Campbell!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I know how much he means to you...
dialog: how much he means to audiences the
dialog: world over... but right now,
dialog: you've got to ask yourself one
dialog: question.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What would Bruce Campbell do?
text: Jeff thinks a moment, then shrugs and SLAMS DOWN the
dialog: plunger!
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: The cave entrance EXPLODES in a plume of fire and rock.
text: As the explosion settles, dust and smoke billowing, an
text: eerie quiet falls across the scene.
text: KELLY and JEFF slowly move toward the cave entrance.
text: It’s completely sealed by fallen rock. Horrified by what
text: they’ve done, Jeff and Kelly drop to their knees outside
dialog: the blast area.
text: BRUCE'S SMILING FACE, torn from the shattered standee,
text: grins at them from the dusty boulders.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I... I can’t believe he’s gone.
text: Suddenly there’s a RATTLE of rock by the cave entrance.
text: Kelly and Jeff turn, fearing the worst, stunned to see
text: BRUCE’S BLOODIED HAND clawing out of the rubble.
speaker_heading: KELLY /JEFF
dialog: BRUCE! 1!!!
text: They rush over and throw away some of the rocks, pulling
text: Bruce free. He’s battered and bloodied, but alive.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Somebody get the license number of
dialog: that truck?
text: As they pull Bruce out, he makes a point of taking the
text: stolen amulet from his pocket and JAMMING it into the
dialog: rocks.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: And STAY there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Wobbly, Bruce takes Kelly’s hand, and with Jeff beside
text: them, they begin to limp away from the cave. It’s a
text: quiet moment, the horror finally winding down.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Just got one request, Jeff.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Anything, Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Next time you release an ancient
dialog: Chinese demon, call that Buffy
dialog: chick, will ya?
text: As they all share a movie-ending laugh...
text: THE GUAN-DI BURSTS OUT OF THE ROCKS behind them. In SLOW
text: MOTION, Bruce, Kelly and Jeff turn in horror as the
text: monster ROARS toward them, sword high, about to kill
dialog: them...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: cut!
dialog: (regular motion)
dialog: Cut cut cut cut CUT!
text: All action stops. The Guan-Di pulls up short, puzzled.
text: Kelly and Jeff take a step back, watching as Bruce goes
text: out of character.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: This isn’t working.
dialog: (re: Kelly)
dialog: First of all, could props swing a
dialog: little mouthie-washie for Ms.
dialog: Romania 1992? Kissing this
text: broad’s like licking a cat’s ass.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (Romanian accent)
dialog: Up yours.
text: PULL BACK to reveal we’re on an EXTERIOR MOVIE SET. A
text: gaffer’s truck nearby reads ROMANIAN LIGHTING SERVICES.
text: As the crew chatter in ROMANIAN, the DIRECTOR OF
text: PHOTOGRAPHY (the same guy we saw shooting CAVEALIEN)
text: steps into frame.
scene_heading: DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY
dialog: What’s the problem, B.C.?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: A blind man could see it! The
dialog: audience is going to be totally
dialog: invested in my character by this
text: point. We pull the ol’ “surprise,
dialog: they all die” ending, we’re gonna
dialog: lose ‘em.
dialog: (slaps Fred on the
dialog: back)
dialog: People love me, Fred. They want
dialog: me to win.
scene_heading: DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Don’t argue with the muse.
text: Bruce paces a moment, snapping his fingers, the picture
text: of “the creative process.” Finally, triumphant, like
dialog: he’s hit on the solution...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Pack up these potato eaters.
dialog: We’re moving on...
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY HOME - DAY
text: A lovely little country home on a bright sunny day.
text: After a moment,
text: KELLY, wearing a pretty summer dress, steps out, smiling
text: broadly as BRUCE comes down the walk, jaunty and heroic.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sore eyes, meet sight-for. I
dialog: could use some serious feel-good
dialog: about now.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Step right up, movie-star.
text: As they sweep back in a romantic kiss, Jeff, now dressed
text: like a college preppy, walks out on the porch, smiling at
text: all the love on display. As Bruce and Kelly break off
text: their kiss, Jeff unfolds an official looking letter.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Guys, guess what! I was just
dialog: accepted to Yale!
text: Bruce and Kelly both rush to Jeff, pulling him close.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Told you that C average wouldn’t
dialog: matter!
dialog: (pulls them together)
dialog: Come on. Group hug!
text: As they hold one another, savoring their new, perfect
text: lives, suddenly a shadow washes over them. As they turn,
text: eyes going wide in horror, reveal
text: THE GUAN-DI standing over them, raising his sword and
speaker_heading: SCHWACK --
text: (THIS COULD BE THE END, WITH THE FOLLOWING RUNNING
scene_heading: BETWEEN THE CREDITS)
scene_heading: INT. EDITING ROOM - DAY
text: With the Guan-Di image frozen on a small screen, Bruce
text: leans back from a flatbed, enraptured with the conclusion
text: of his latest masterpiece. He gives his weary editor a
dialog: nudge.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Perfecto. Fanboy’s will be
text: creaming their jeans over the
dialog: false ending.
dialog: (cocky, to editor)
dialog: Take three more seconds off
dialog: Kelly’s close-up... no, make it
dialog: five... and hold on me. Then give
dialog: me a fade and a dissolve... pre-
dialog: lap that dialogue... show me some
dialog: magic, baby!
text: Suddenly there’s another demonic RUMBLE. The editing
text: room SHAKES. Cocky Bruce suddenly looks nervous... what
text: the hell is going on? Suddenly the fierce Guan-Di demon
text: BURSTS INTO THE EDITING ROOM
text: and careens toward a SCREAMING BRUCE (just like the
text: ending of the first EVIL DEAD). CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SCREENING ROOM - DAY
text: ON SCREEN, the violent editing room scene fades to black.
text: Bruce leans back in a comfy chair in the plush screening
text: room, puffing a stogie, savoring the completion of his
dialog: latest epic.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Two trick endings! Get my
text: publicist on the phone and tell
dialog: her to book my tickets to the
dialog: Saturn Awards. ‘cause we’ve got a
dialog: winner!
dialog: (hits intercom)
dialog: Okay, Morrie, roll it again!
text: Bruce leans back, savoring his smoke, when suddenly we
text: hear another RUMBLE... and Guan-Di suddenly LEAPS ACROSS
text: THE SCREENING ROOM and lunges at Bruce as he stands and
text: SCREAMS, mimicking (again) the end of EVIL DEAD...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
