scene_heading: "MYSTERY MEN"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Neil Cuthbert
dialog: Based on the Dark Horse comic
dialog: created by Bob Burden
dialog: Revised June 6, 1997
dialog: 
text: THEME AND CREDITS...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. ERIE HOSPITAL FOR THE CRIMINALLY INSANE - DAY
text: CAMERA MOVES THROUGH a tangled jungle of razor wire, finally
text: COMING INTO VIEW of a foreboding, fortress-like old
text: institution, surrounded by towers and gun turrets. Screaming
text: and horrible laughter is heard from within...
text: CLOSE ON a sign that reads "Erie Hospital for the Criminally
dialog: Insane"
dialog: ...This is where the worst killers and psychos go.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: THE CAMERA PANS THE EXPRESSIONLESS FACES of the REVIEW BOARD
text: as CASANOVA FRANKENSTEIN sits across from them. Dressed in
text: an immaculately tailored prison smock (with "Casanova"
text: exquisitely embroidered above the pocket), he sits contritely
text: as DOCTOR EMMET BIERCE, the hospital's fatherly Chief of
text: Psychiatry, presents his case.
speaker_heading: BIERCE
dialog: No one can deny the horrendous nature
dialog: of Mr. Frankenstein's crimes, but in
dialog: the twenty years he has been with
dialog: us, I have never seen a patient turn
dialog: his energies to more productive use.
text: CASANOVA, the picture of remorse and repentance.
speaker_heading: BIERCE
dialog: Just look at his accomplishments...
dialog: three volumes of poetry, two rock
dialog: operas, a sculpture garden, four
dialog: romance novels... and who can forget
dialog: his touching portrayal of Billy
dialog: Bigelow in our all-psychotic
dialog: production of "Carousel"...
text: ON SEVERAL OF THE BOARD getting misty eyed at the memory of
dialog: that brilliant performance...
speaker_heading: BIERCE
dialog: Directed by our own Doctor Anabel
dialog: Leek.
text: ON DOCTOR ANABEL LEEK, the hospital's icily beautiful, ultra
dialog: cool, top shrink.
text: A moment later Casanova addresses them... His manner is
text: charming, sincere, his voice soft, filled with emotion. He
dialog: is a master of seduction.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Twenty years ago I was a lost soul.
dialog: Loveless...
dialog: (with a son-like glance
dialog: at Doctor Bierce)
dialog: Fatherless...
dialog: (chokes on the word)
dialog: A... psycho!
dialog: (breaks down sobbing)
dialog: Oh! How could I have done it? The
dialog: murder... the mayhem... all of those
dialog: lovely young girls!
dialog: (weeping, a brilliant
dialog: performance)
dialog: I'm sorry! I'm SO SO SORRY!
text: Doctor Bierce wipes the tears from his eyes. Reactions from
text: the board, moved, as Casanova weeps convulsively. Doctor
text: Leek shows no reaction.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (pulls himself together)
dialog: But my deeds have been done, and my
dialog: youth is gone, and we can only go
dialog: forward in this cruel world... and
dialog: if I have learned anything from my
dialog: wretched life it is that... When you
dialog: walk through a storm, keep your head
dialog: held high...
dialog: (singing)
dialog: And don't be afraid of the dark...
text: Tears plop dawn the cheeks of the review board as the FULLY
text: ORCHESTRATED STRAINS OF "WHEN YOU WALK THROUGH A STORM"
text: SWELL...
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - AS THE MUSIC CONTINUES
text: A hand stamps Casanova's file "CURED"... Casanova shakes
text: hands and embraces the tearful members of the review board,
text: finishing with a paternal hug from Doctor Bierce.
text: In his cell a guard delivers Casanova his favorite old disco
dialog: suit (that's been waiting far him for twenty years).
text: Casanova, dressed in the suit, walks down the central aisle
text: of the lock-up... A moment later he steps out of the massive
text: gates of the hospital, and takes his first deep breath of
text: freedom... while in an office window high above Bierce and
text: the members of the review board stand watching, very proud...
text: But suddenly THE MUSIC CHANGES TO SEVENTIES DISCO as a black
text: Ferrari drives up, and Doctor Leek, now dressed very sexily,
text: gets out... As the review board watches in stunned silence,
text: Casanova and Anabel perform a nifty little disco twirl,
text: finishing with a very lewd kiss...
text: Bierce, watching, realizes he's been duped... as Casanova,
text: grinning up at him, puts a long gold chain (his favorite
text: weapon) around his neck...
text: Bierce, horrified, picks up the telephone... as Casanova and
text: Anabel get in the car.
scene_heading: INT. THE CAR - A MOMENT LATER
text: Casanova and Anabel drive off. The massive old hospital is
text: seen through the rear window behind them, as Casanova calmly
text: looks at his watch...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HIS WATCH -
text: as the second hand just swings toward the twelve. It is
dialog: exactly twelve noon...
scene_heading: BACK ON CASANOVA -
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (almost wistfully)
dialog: Boom.
text: And the hospital EXPLODES in a HUGE FIREBALL that completely
text: consumes it.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Those gas leaks can be murder.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - DAY
text: The Ferrari drives past and the CAMERA HOLDS ON a sign that
dialog: reads "We1come to Champion City, home of Captain Amazing".
text: The city itself, a crumbling rust belt metropolis (ala
text: Detroit) can be seen stretched out along the shore of Lake
text: Champion off in the distance...
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CAR - CONTINUOUS - ON CASANOVA
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I'm home.
scene_heading: BACK ON THE ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: The Ferrari drives under a much larger billboard that looms
text: over the road, showing a picture of Captain Amazing himself,
text: a square jawed classic superhero, staring fiercely into the
text: camera. The caption reads "Crime. Don't even think about
dialog: it."
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN YARDS OF CHAMPION CITY - NIGHT
text: Letters read "Six months later"... as the CAMERA EXPLORES
text: the desolate muddy terrain of the train yards, CRUISING past
text: piles of tires and abandoned train cars...
text: CAMERA PICKS UP a battered van as it drives through the yard,
text: then pulls up beside an old boxcar. The back of the van is
text: thrown open, a ramp is thrown down, and THE RED EYES, a gang
text: of vicious small time thieves (all of whom wear sunglasses
text: with red lenses) start unloading their night's haul... RED
text: EYE 1 drives a golf cart, with clubs, down the ramp.
speaker_heading: RED EYE 1
dialog: Golf anyone?
text: Several more Red Eyes emerge carrying a sawn off bike rack
text: with bikes still attached, a barber pole, a Virgin Mary lawn
text: statue, and a top of the line baby stroller... while their
text: leader, BIG RED, stands in the door to the boxcar, watching
text: approvingly.
speaker_heading: RED EYE 2
dialog: Not a bad night's work.
speaker_heading: BIG RED
dialog: Who said crime don't pay?
text: The Red Eyes laugh... as Red Eye 3 takes the cover off the
text: baby stroller and sees... that there's a BABY still in it.
speaker_heading: RED EYE 3
dialog: Hey, Boss, we got a stowaway.
text: The crooks gather around the baby, a jolly little kid who
text: just laughs at them.
speaker_heading: RED EYE 4
dialog: (about to slug him)
dialog: Who you laughin' at, punk?
speaker_heading: RED EYE 2
dialog: He's just a tyke. Lighten up.
speaker_heading: RED EYE 5
dialog: He's kinda cute.
speaker_heading: RED EYE 3
dialog: If you like drool.
speaker_heading: RED EYE 2
dialog: Hey, why don't we sell him back to
dialog: his parents? For a million bucks!
dialog: The others think that's a great idea, but Big Red doesn't.
speaker_heading: BIG RED
dialog: And what if he rats on us?
dialog: The others hadn't thought of that.
speaker_heading: RED EYE 3
dialog: So what should we do with him?
speaker_heading: BIG RED
text: Stick a brick in his Pampers and
text: dump him in the lake.
dialog: The others think that's a good idea and look around for a
dialog: brick.
speaker_heading: RED EYE 3
dialog: Come on, kid, you're goin' for a
dialog: swim.
text: But suddenly there is another presence... A man in a blue
text: turban and cape with the initials "BR" on his chest has
dialog: appeared... He is THE BLUE RAJA.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Not so fast, gentlemen -- and I use
dialog: the term loosely... Unhand that
dialog: youngster...
text: Another man steps into the light. He wears a construction
text: helmet and mask. There is an "S" on his chest, and he carries
text: an old shovel. He is THE SHOVELER.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Or you're mulch.
text: He brandishes his shovel for effect. The Red Eyes look at
text: these two, highly amused.
speaker_heading: BIG RED
dialog: What are you guys supposed to be...
dialog: superheroes?
text: A third man steps out. His costume is less dramatic than the
dialog: others.
text: He wears only an old leather jacket and a faded, torn shirt
text: with flames on it, but the fierce look on his face and the
text: atrociousness of his haircut make it very clear that he is
text: the craziest and most dangerous of the three. He is MISTER
speaker_heading: FURIOUS.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: We ARE superheroes!
speaker_heading: BIG RED
dialog: Really? Did you mother make those
dialog: costumes?
text: The crooks howl with laughter.
speaker_heading: BIG RED
dialog: This is our territory. Beat it.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
text: Over YOUR dead body.
text: Big Red turns to the others and shakes with pretended fear.
speaker_heading: BIG RED
dialog: 0ooooo, he's scary.
text: The Red Eyes laugh, but suddenly, a small silver projectile
text: whizzes through the air and implants itself in Big Red's
text: backside. He howls with pain, pulls it out and examines it...
text: It's a silver dessert fork.
speaker_heading: BIG RED
dialog: A fork!
text: The Raja holds up his hands, each of which hold a spread of
text: silver forks.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: And there's plenty more where that
dialog: came from.
text: Big Red gives a shrill whistle, and a dozen more Red Eyes
text: step out of an old caboose... including MIKEY, a four hundred
text: pound behemoth. He is eating a container of Ben and Jerry's
text: like it was an ice cream cone, taking huge bites out of it,
dialog: container and all.
text: RAJA AND SHOVELER, reacting... Gulp. This was more than they'd
text: bargained for. But Furious just growls; he's game.
speaker_heading: BIG RED
speaker_heading: GET 'EM!
text: The Red Eyes attack... Mister Furious goes into a furious
text: face; his hair stands out straight and he rushes right into
text: the oncoming crooks...
text: A Red Eye takes a swing at the Shoveler -- but he simply
text: puts up his shovel and lets the crook slug the shovel's pan.
text: The crook yelps with pain and shakes his battered hand... as
text: the Raja fends off crooks, poking them with salad forks...
text: and the baby sits in his stroller, watching and laughing,
dialog: really enjoying the show. (There's no real martial artistry
dialog: or teamwork here; this is a classic back alley brouhaha.)
dialog: But there's too many of then... The Raja goes down under
text: swinging fists... and so does the Shoveler...
text: Furious holds his own, taking out crooks with powerful lefts
text: and rights -- until Mikey runs him down like a truck, falling
text: right on top of him and crushing him under his massive weight.
speaker_heading: RED EYES
dialog: Crush him, Mikey!... Mash him!...
dialog: Mush him!
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (barely audible under
dialog: all that meat)
dialog: Is that all you got?
speaker_heading: RED EYES
dialog: He wants more!... Squish him!...
dialog: Finish him off!
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: Your mother!
text: Mikey, sweating, bears down... but suddenly, a calm, very
text: authoritative voice is heard.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Is there a problem?
text: Everything suddenly stops, as the Red Eyes look up and see...
text: CAPTAIN AMAZING standing on tap of the boxcar, hands on hips,
text: framed in the light at the moon, his biceps bulging, his
text: state of the art physique sculpted body armor gleaming in
text: the moonlight, his cape wafting heroically in the wind. He
dialog: is superhero perfection incarnate.
text: ON THE RED EYES as their viciousness turns instantly to
dialog: panic...
speaker_heading: RED EYES
dialog: IT'S CAPTAIN AMAZING!
text: Big Red and a couple others try to run for it, but Amazing
text: leaps cat-like off the boxcar and is on them in a flash. As
text: the baby claps his hands in delight, and our three heroes
text: watch in beat-up awe, Amazing deftly takes out the crooks
dialog: with expert punches and effortlessly delivered elbows and
text: kicks. He is the consumate superhero, and he doesn't even
dialog: break a sweat.
text: The remaining Red Eyes drop to their knees and throw up their
text: hands in surrender.
speaker_heading: RED EYES
dialog: We give!... We're sorry!... We had
dialog: terrible childhoods! (Etc.)
text: Police cars and a TV truck come screeching into the train
text: yard... and the scene is suddenly flooded with light and
text: swarming with cops and reporters...
text: Our three heroes try to approach Captain Amazing (who still
text: looks fresh as a daisy).
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Nice work, Captain.
text: But Amazing just walks past them, ignoring them completely,
text: as if they didn't even exist. He goes to greet DAWN WONG
dialog: (Champion City's answer to Connie Chung).
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: (turning on the old
dialog: superhero charm)
dialog: Hi. Dawn.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: (putty in his hands,
text: pudding in his bowl)
dialog: Looks like you've done it again,
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: It's what I do.
text: Our heroes just watch, feeling ignored, humiliated. Furious
text: growls. Suddenly, TWO COPS are accosting them.
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: Okay, show's over. Move it. On your
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Wait a minute, Officers. You don't
dialog: understand -- we're superheroes, and
dialog: we just busted up this gang.
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: Really? Let me guess -- you're Towel
dialog: Head and he's...
dialog: (meaning the Shoveler)
dialog: Captain Pooper Scooper!
text: The cops crack up. Furious growls at them. The cops yank out
text: their nightsticks.
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: Hey! Move it!
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: Get a life!
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: And leave crime fighting to the real
dialog: thing!
text: Shoveler and Raja pull Furious away before he gets into real
dialog: trouble...
text: The cops watch as our three heroes disappear into the night.
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: Wannabes.
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: Pathetic.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LAKESIDE DINER - NIGHT - ESTABLISHING
text: An inner city greasy spoon.
scene_heading: INT. THE DINER - CONTINUOUS - CLOSE ON A TV SCREEN
text: on which Captain Amazing, the laughing baby in his arms, is
text: being interviewed by Dawn Wong. He's playing the cutsy photo
dialog: op for all its worth, gootchy-gooing the kid, etc. Dawn is
dialog: creaming.
text: Our three heroes sit at a booth in the back of the diner,
dialog: watching the tube...
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: (nursing a sore jaw)
dialog: He doesn't miss a trick, does he?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: What a jerk -- and like nobody knows
dialog: who he really is!
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Oh don't start that again --
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
speaker_heading: LOOK!
text: Furious picks up the newspaper on which there is a photo of
text: a good looking guy in a tux at a benefit... The headline
text: reads "Lance Hunt Hosts Benefit." He holds the picture up
text: next to the television, so the faces of Lance Hunt and Captain
text: Amazing are side by side. It is obviously the same guy.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: He's Lance Hunt! Just take off the
dialog: glasses -- and it's him!
speaker_heading: RAJA
text: There's a vague similarity.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: A vague similarity? IT'S THE SAME
speaker_heading: GUY!
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: (downing some aspirin)
dialog: Oh, who gives a damn who he is? I
dialog: can't take this anymore. Night after
dialog: night we're on the streets, busting
dialog: our humps -- and for what?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: We take the licks and he gets the
text: chicks.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: How long do you have to chase a dream
dialog: before you realize it's not gonna
dialog: happen?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: We need a break, that's all! Nobody'd
dialog: ever heard of him until he busted
dialog: Casanova Frankenstein!
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: But look at him... and look at us.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
text: The camera loves him.
text: A depressed silence. Furious turns his attention to the napkin
dialog: dispenser.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Why do they always fill stuff these
dialog: things so full you can't pull 'em
dialog: out without ripping 'em!
dialog: (rips one out)
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: I lost another fork tonight. She's
dialog: getting suspicious, I know it.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: So why don't you just tell her!
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Because I can't! Okay? She wouldn't
dialog: understand!
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Leave him alone. She's his mother,
dialog: not yours.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: We had an off night, that's all.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: So when are we gonna have an on night?
text: A WAITRESS is standing at the table.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Hi.
text: They look at her, taken aback. She's very pretty.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: You're... new.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: It's my first night. My name's Monica.
text: CLOSE ON FURIOUS, smitten by her, but almost afraid to look
text: at her. Under all that rage, he's in fact shy.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: You guys going to a costume party?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: We're superheroes.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Really? Like Captain Amazing?
text: Furious growls.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Are you famous?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: So you're like... struggling
dialog: superheroes?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: We prefer to think of ourselves as
dialog: unsung... I am the Blue Raja, Master
dialog: of Silverware...
dialog: (does a very impressive
dialog: little flipping thing
dialog: with his place setting)
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: And these are my associates, the
dialog: Shoveler.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: And Mister Furious... His anger is
dialog: his power.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: (intrigued by Furious)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Usually a superpower is a magical
dialog: endowment or a great skill. In his
dialog: case, it's entirely emotional.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: So what can I get you?
speaker_heading: RAJA
text: Burgers all around.
dialog: (meaning himself)
dialog: Medium.
dialog: (meaning the Shoveler)
dialog: Rare.
dialog: (meaning Furious)
dialog: Raw.
text: A moment later as Monica walks away, Furious can't help but
text: watch her. The Raja replaces the diner's dinnerware with the
dialog: good stuff from his coat.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: She likes you.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Definitely.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Ask her out.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Nah.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Roy, when was the last time you had
dialog: an actual date?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (getting very pissed
dialog: off)
dialog: What does it matter? Women just want
dialog: to control you -- and talk about
dialog: their feelings. They want to know
dialog: why you're angry all the time -- and
dialog: what can they can do to help -- so
dialog: you tell them there's nothing --
dialog: nothing -- just leave me alone --
dialog: but they bug you and they bug you
dialog: and they bug you -- until you just
dialog: can't stand it anymore! -- so you
dialog: finally open up -- you pop like a
text: blister -- and it all comes spewing
dialog: out -- all your emotions -- your
dialog: feelings -- your fears -- all of it!
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: And then they dump you.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: So you're chicken?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: Who's chicken?
dialog: (gets up)
text: Monica stands at the counter placing her order. Furious
text: approaches her, leans against the counter. For a moment he
text: just stands there, fuming, unable to think of anything to
text: say. She isn't sure what to make of this.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Doesn't it piss you off the way the
dialog: when you really want to talk to
dialog: somebody you can't think of anything
dialog: to say!
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I guess... Are you always so angry?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Only when I'm awake... You busy after
dialog: work?
text: She shrugs.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Want to go out and get drunk?
text: She's visibly turned off by that.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Or talk?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Not tonight.
dialog: (picks up an order
dialog: and walks away)
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE DINER - LATER
text: Furious, the Raja, and the Shoveler step out.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Maybe you should try a more romantic
dialog: approach.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (gets on his old Harley)
dialog: Like what? Cutting off my own ear?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Or flowers.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: See ya tomorrow.
text: Furious kicks his engine started and speeds off into the
text: night as the Shoveler opens the door of his battered Ford
text: Esquire station wagon, and the Raja gets into his ancient
dialog: Datsun.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - NIGHT
text: The Shoveler pulls into the driveway of his very modest house.
text: The front yard looks like a battle zone. Bikes and kids'
text: junk are everywhere.
scene_heading: LIVING ROOM - A MOMENT LATER
text: as big a disaster area as the front yard. His kids, EDDIE
scene_heading: JR. (15), LENORE (12), BUTCH (10), TRACY (7), and ROLAND (5)
text: are all sprawled in front of the television. The Shoveler
text: enters, and his kids don't even bother to look up from the
dialog: tube.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Hey, when are you guys gonna clean
dialog: this place up?
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: When you're on TV.
speaker_heading: EDDIE JR.
dialog: Right -- like that will ever happen.
speaker_heading: LENORE
dialog: Save any babies lately?
text: ON THE SHOVELER, silent, hurt.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Faster than a speeding turtle --
speaker_heading: BUTCH
dialog: More powerful than a deodorant --
speaker_heading: EDDIE JR.
dialog: Able to eat twelve donuts in a single
dialog: sitting --
speaker_heading: LENORE
dialog: Look, snoring in his chair --
speaker_heading: EDDIE JR.
dialog: Sitting on the john --
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: It's... Supergut!
text: The kids all laugh (in that derisive way that kids do so
text: well) as the Shoveler dejectedly walks into the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - A MOMENT LATER
text: The Shoveler enters, dejected. His wife, Lucille, is doing
text: the dishes. She looks up, sees him.
speaker_heading: LUCILLE
dialog: (feels for him)
dialog: Rough night, Eddie?
text: He nods.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAJA'S HOUSE - NIGHT - ESTABLISHING
text: The Raja's Datsun is parked in front of a neat as a pin little
dialog: Victorian house.
scene_heading: INT. THE DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is dark. Someone is sneaking around. A drawer is
text: quietly opened, and we hear the gentle clink of silver.
text: Suddenly, the light goes on and we see the Blue Raja, now
text: dressed in a sport shirt and slacks, with his hand in the
text: drawer. His MOTHER, in her nightclothes, stands by the door
text: where she has just switched on the light.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Jeffrey!
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Oh hi, Mom.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What are you doing in the silver
dialog: drawer?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Looking for... the TV Guide.
text: She just looks at him, very suspicious.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: It's on the television.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Of course. I'm such a fool... Thanks,
dialog: Mummy.
dialog: Go to bed.
text: He kisses her and goes into the next room. CAMERA HOLDS ON
dialog: MOM; she doesn't trust him.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - NIGHT - ANGLE ON
text: A billboard overlooking the city. Captain Amazing is posed
text: wearing a pair of bright blue Nikes. The caption reads. "It's
dialog: a nice world. Somebody's got to save it... The Nike Supershoe.
dialog: It's Amazing."
text: Furious sits on his Harley, taking long hauls from a pint
text: bottle of cheap bourbon and gazing up at the sign.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Amazing? What's so amazing about
dialog: him? I'd be amazing, too, if I'd
dialog: inherited two hundred million bucks...
dialog: or two bucks... or two cents...
text: (hurls the empty
text: bottle, smashing it
dialog: against the sign)
dialog: Who am I kidding? Dreams don't come
dialog: true.
text: A moment of despondency, and then he hears a strange sound
text: overhead and looks up...
speaker_heading: HIS POV -
text: as something suddenly flies across the star filled night sky
text: above him...
text: It is Captain Amazing, wearing a high tech rocket pack on
dialog: his back...
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Where's he going?
dialog: (kicks his Harley
dialog: started)
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - WITH MUSIC
text: as Furious, following Captain Amazing, rides roughshod down
text: the steep hill, skidding onto a road and then speeding through
dialog: a residential area...
text: He cuts onto some railroad tracks, hops his bike up on a
text: rail, and rides smoothly along it, following Amazing... He
text: turns off the tracks, rides roughly through some woods, then
text: emerges from the trees and sees..
text: A foreboding looking old mansion... Captain Amazing lands on
text: the highest part of its roof... Furious pulls up, gazes at
text: the front gates of the mansion...
speaker_heading: HIS POV -
text: Letters across the iron gates read... "Frankenstein".
scene_heading: EXT. ON THE ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: Captain Amazing abandons his jet pack and moves across the
text: old slate roof like Spiderman, leaping nimbly from gable to
text: gable and walking along a high ridge like a tight rope walker.
text: Finally he approaches a skylight, looks down and sees...
text: A huge old library with an iron catwalk running around it.
text: Casanova Frankenstein sits in a club chair by a roaring fire.
text: Anabel perches on the arm of his chair. In the other chair
text: sits a once good looking, now paunchy guy, with a meticulously
text: coifed haircut. He is TONY POMPADOUR, head of the infamous
dialog: Disco Boys.
scene_heading: ON CAPTAIN AMAZING
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: (just as he suspected)
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: He sees that the skylight is open, and quietly lets himself
dialog: in...
scene_heading: INT. THE LIBRARY - CONTINUOUS
text: Casanova and Tony P savor glasses of brandy and puff on big
dialog: cigars.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I hope you enjoy these cigars. I had
dialog: to kill a dozen Cubans to get them.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Ummm.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Have you considered my offer?
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: You know, Mr. F, me and the boys
dialog: always loved workin' for you. You
dialog: had such style: the clothes, the
dialog: dancin', the elegant way you'd snuff
dialog: a babe. You were the King...
text: Casanova accepts this graciously.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: But times have changed, and you been
dialog: in that bug house a long tine. I can
dialog: see you still got the style, but I
dialog: dunno for sure you still got the
dialog: edge.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I got it.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: What about Captain Amazing?
speaker_heading: AMAZING (O.S.)
dialog: Good question.
text: Casanova and Tony P look up and see Captain Amazing, posed
text: noncalantly on the iron catwalk, gazing down at them. Tony P
text: jumps out of his chair, scared. But Casanova just smiles at
text: his ancient rival, cool as a cucumber.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I knew you'd come. I left that
dialog: skylight open for you.
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: I know you did.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I knew you'd know.
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: I know you knew I'd know.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: But did you know I knew you'd know
dialog: I'd know?
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: Of course.
text: Tony P makes a move for his pistol, but Captain Amazing
text: instantly whips out his pistol, getting the drop on him.
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: I'd hate to waste a good bullet on a
dialog: piece of scum like you, Tony.
text: Tony freezes.
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: The jig is up, Casanova. I've spent
dialog: six months watching you, and know
dialog: exactly what you're up to.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: I know that you're recruiting your
dialog: old henchmen...
dialog: Nervous reaction from Tony P.
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: I know who your girlfriend really
dialog: is...
dialog: Icy reaction from Anabel.
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: And I know the terrible revenge that
dialog: you plan to inflict on this city.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I guess you know just about
dialog: everything, don't you, Lance?
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: Um-hmm.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Except for one little thing.
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: (supremely confident)
dialog: And what's that?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: That I've hot wired the city's entire
text: power supply through that catwalk.
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: What --?
text: Casanova suddenly throws a secret breaker switch, and the
text: ugly hum of a million volts instantly fills the room...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS - ON FURIOUS
text: still watching... as all the lights in the house go out,
text: except for a frightening orange glow in an upper room...
text: Off in the distance Furious sees... the lights of the entire
text: city flicker and then black out... A moment later the mansion,
text: and the city's lights return to normal... as Furious watches,
dialog: not sure what to make of this.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY
text: Traffic is snarled. Horns are blasting. Tempers are frayed.
text: CLOSE ON A HAMMERING JACKHAMMER... CAMERA WIDENS TO REVEAL
text: that it is being operated by the Shoveler, dressed in work
text: clothes. Wiped out from the night before, the vibrations of
text: the hamer are lulling him off to sleep... He nods out... as
text: his BOSS whacks him on the arm.
speaker_heading: BOSS
text: YO! CAPTAIN SOMINEX! Get your shut-
dialog: eye at home, or you'll be a full
dialog: time superhero!
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAJA'S HOUSE - DAY - ESTABLISHING
scene_heading: INT. THE RAJA'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The Raja lies sprawled on his bed, depressed, still in his
text: pee jays, as he watches... an ANTHONY ROBBINS infomercial ON
dialog: THE TV.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: It's all within your power. The only
dialog: thing that's in your way is YOU!
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Easy for you to say.
scene_heading: EXT. SALLY'S AUTO DEMOLITION - DAY - ESTABLISHING
text: An auto junkyard and demotion yard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY
text: A giant press mashes an old car... while nearby Mister Furious
text: does the job by hand, demolishing an old Grand Prix with an
text: iron bar. He does it as easily as a normal guy would tear
text: apart a corrugated box, ripping off the doors, then tearing
text: off the bumpers and the hood and tossing the pieces onto a
text: big pile... His big boned, red faced boss SALLY is calling
text: out to him.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Hey, Roy!
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACK OF THE YARD - A MINUTE LATER
text: In a weedy overgrown far corner of the junkyard Sally and
text: Furious stand looking a big old hunk of a military vehicle.
text: It is a Herkimer Battle Jitney, a heavily armored, windowless,
dialog: soundproof, personnel carrier
dialog: (designed by the Pentagon in the fifties to take congressmen
text: on battlefield fact finding tours). Overgrown with weeds,
text: home to an extended family of pigeons, its fighting days (if
dialog: it ever had any) are over.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: How many times I gotta tell you about
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Sally, that's a Herkimer Battle
dialog: Jitney! They don't make 'em like
dialog: that anymore. It's a classic!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: It's a hunk of junk. I want the iron.
dialog: Do it!
text: She walks away. Furious growls. He picks up his iron bar and
text: is about to wedge it under the front bumper of the Herkimer...
speaker_heading: HIS POV -
text: But the big old headlights and the sad old grill seem to be
text: looking at hint, imploring him for one last chance...
text: And he just can't do it. He throws away his iron bar and
text: climbs inside the cab of the Herkimer...
scene_heading: IN THE CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Furious sits behind the wheel and tenderly touches its beat-
text: up old dashboard, then turns on the radio, which, miraculously
dialog: still works.
text: He tunes in a local station, puts his feet up on the dash.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: ...and continues to deny any knowledge
dialog: of the incident... In local news,
dialog: millionaire Lance Hunt has apparently
dialog: disappeared...
text: ON FURIOUS, taking immediate notice.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: Members at his household told police
dialog: that the playboy philanthropist failed
dialog: to return home last night after "going
dialog: out for a walk". Police say they
dialog: have no reason yet to suspect foul
text: play, but a search is under way...
scene_heading: INT. THE DINER - NIGHT
text: Furious, the Shoveler, and the Raja all sit at their booth.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: I saw him go in -- and he didn't
dialog: come out!
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: But we don't know for sure it's the
dialog: same guy.
text: Furious groans.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Hey, look.
dialog: ON THE TV -
text: Casanova is being interviewed by DON STOUFFER, the local
dialog: Mike Wallace.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Well, Don, I've done some terrible
dialog: things in my life, but now I'm cured,
dialog: and I just want to give back something
dialog: to my old home town... That's why
dialog: I'm using what's left of my fortune
dialog: to build...
text: CLOSE ON A MODEL of a huge concrete bunker-like institutional
dialog: structure (i.e. the Getty).
speaker_heading: CASANOVA (O.S.)
dialog: The Frankenstein Center for the Arts.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: You've changed, haven't you?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Oh yes.
scene_heading: BACK ON FURIOUS, RAJA, AND SHOVELER -
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: No he hasn't.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANKENSTEIN MANSION - NIGHT - ANGLE ON
text: the wall of the estate... as our heroes' three heads rise up
dialog: over it... and survey the grounds.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (about to climb over)
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: RAJA
text: (in a whisper, holding
dialog: him back)
dialog: Wait!... Look!
speaker_heading: THEIR POV -
text: A group of men are hanging around the door to the house,
text: smoking, chatting, and laughing. A CLOSER ANGLE REVEALS that
text: they are all dressed in the height (or depths) of seventies
text: disco fashion. One of them is showing off some steps.
text: Our heroes fall back behind the safety of the wall and confer.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: This is bad.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: The Disco Boys.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: The who?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: The most vicious gang of thugs this
dialog: city ever produced. Twenty years ago
dialog: they were Casanova's personal
dialog: bodyguard. But after he was busted
text: they crawled into the woodwork.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Well they've crawled back out.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: We may be getting in over our heads
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: This looks like a job for Superman --
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Or Batman --
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Or both.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Don't you guys get it? If Captain
dialog: Amazing is still in there, we can
dialog: rescue him -- and get on TV!
dialog: (goes right over the
dialog: wall)
text: They share an exasperated look, then scramble over the wall
dialog: after him.
scene_heading: INT. CASANOVA'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Casanova and Dr. Anabel Leek are preparing for bed. Anabel
text: sits in front of a huge mirror, brushing her long hair as
text: Casanova moves up behind her and puts his hands around her
text: throat, massaging, squeezing, just barely resisting the
text: temptation to strangle her. (She loves it).
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Everything's going exactly as we
dialog: planned.
speaker_heading: ANABEL
dialog: (puts the sharp point
dialog: of her comb handle
dialog: under his chin)
dialog: Not quite. You haven't announced our
dialog: engagement yet.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: It must have slipped my mind.
speaker_heading: ANABEL
dialog: Your mind is so slippery.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Don't worry, Pootchkie. My womanizing
dialog: days are over. You're my Lady Macbeth,
dialog: my Imelda... my Nicole.
text: (pulls her into his
dialog: arms)
dialog: We're such an incredible team. Who
dialog: could possibly stop us?
dialog: (kisses her)
scene_heading: CUT RIGHT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE LAWN - CONTINUOUS - ON OUR THREE HEROES
text: as they crunch their way non too stealthily across the
dialog: backyard.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Don't crunch the leaves.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Be a Mohican.
text: (bumps into a lawn
dialog: chair)
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Wait.
dialog: (They all stop.)
dialog: I hear something.
text: They all listen; there is a low rushing sound... It is the
text: sound of water rushing through pipes. Suddenly, the lawn
text: sprinklers all pop up... and our heroes get drenched. They
text: duck off the lawn, behind the cover of a large tree.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: I'm soaked.
dialog: (sneezes)
dialog: Oh great.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Shhh.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Be a Mohican.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Shut up.
text: Furious sees a pair of French doors, off a small patio. One
text: of the doors is slightly open.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Come on.
text: They start sneaking toward it, but as they cross the patio...
text: they trip the automatic security lighting, and suddenly find
text: themselves bathed in light.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Uh-oh.
text: As our heroes look around as a dozen Disco Boys, armed with
text: pipes, chains, brass knuckles, step into the light and
text: encircle them... The French doors open and Tony P steps out.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Oh I'm sorry. We must have the wrong
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: You sure do.
text: The Disco Boys attack. The Raja is instantly clubbed down.
text: The Shoveler deflects only a blow or two with his shovel
text: before he goes down, too... These guys are not the Red Eyes.
text: Only Furious holds his own. He grabs a pipe away from one of
text: them and swings fiercely, keeping the others off. Suddenly,
text: the Disco Boys pull back. Furious doesn't know why, until he
text: turns and sees...
text: Casanova, standing right behind him, smiling.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Hi there.
text: With a cat-like move Casanova slashes his gold chain viciously --
text: and repeatedly -- across Furious' face. Furious, stunned
text: with pain, lunges at Casanova, who neatly steps aside, then
text: catches him with a fast combination of spinning disco kicks.
text: Finally he lassos the chain around Furious' neck, and pulls
text: it tight, strangling him.
text: ON THE DISCO BOYS, watching, snapping their fingers with
dialog: admiration...
text: Casanova releases Furious, who slumps to the ground. Casanova
text: steps away, and the Disco Boys gather around Furious and
text: kick him viciously... as Casanova and Tony P watch, amused,
text: chuckling.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Superheroes.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Should I kill them?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (completely disdainful)
dialog: Why bother?
scene_heading: EXT. JUST OUTSIDE THE MANSION - A MOMENT LATER
text: The Disco Boys drag our heroes through the gate and throw
text: them like bags of garbage into the street... where they lie
text: in a moaning, agonized, semi-conscious heap.
scene_heading: INT. THE DINER - LATER - CLOSE ON
text: Furious, rubbing his neck; a thin red mark runs around it.
text: The three of them are sitting at their usual table, in very
text: bad shape, moaning and groaning... Monica approaches. She's
dialog: made them ice packs and cold compresses.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Here you go.
dialog: (sits with them,
dialog: applies a compress
dialog: to the Raja's head)
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Ow.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Maybe you guys ought to forget this
dialog: Superhero stuff and join Kiwanis or
dialog: something.
text: A FUSSY CUSTOMER is calling out from another table.
speaker_heading: FUSSY CUSTORER
dialog: Miss!
text: She moves off.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Maybe she's right.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (still furious)
dialog: Are you serious? This is the break
dialog: we've been waiting for!
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: What have the famous superheroes got
dialog: that we don't?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Agents?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Archenemies! Casanova isn't just a
dialog: criminal -- he's a supervillain.
dialog: Stopping him could be our ticket to
dialog: fame, fortune -- and babes!
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: And it would be the right thing to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (dismissively)
dialog: Yeah yeah -- and that, too.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: But there's only three of us, and
dialog: he's got the entire brotherhood of
text: evil at his disposal.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Then maybe it's time for us to form
dialog: our own brotherhood... a brotherhood
dialog: of righteous, crime fighting, skull
dialog: cracking, Disco Boy bashing, warriors
dialog: of the night!
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: I'm liking this.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: I say we send out the word -- and
dialog: summon all of the unsung superheroes
dialog: we know!
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Yeah, but... who do we know?
text: They take a long moment to ponder this.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Well... there's the Spleen.
text: Shoveler and Raja make disgusted noises.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Do we have to?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: I got this cousin. He's a real doofus,
text: but he claims he can become invisible.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Have you ever seen him?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: How could I see him if he's invisible?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Good point.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: And there's the Sphinx.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: The who?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: He's a legendary masked Mexican crime
dialog: fighting superwrestler and master of
text: the machete.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Sounds good.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: No one's sure that he actually exists,
dialog: but they say he can be contacted by
text: leaving a message on a crumpled up
text: napkin at the Tacky Taco down by the
dialog: bus station.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Get outta here.
scene_heading: EXT. TACKY TACO - DAY - ESTABLISHING
text: A funky Mexican restaurant by the bus station.
scene_heading: INT. THE RESTAURANT - CONTINUOUS
text: Our heroes, in normal clothing, have just finished a taco
text: lunch. Furious is writing a message on a napkin with a
text: ballpoint pen.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: You sure that's how you spell it?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE NOTE -
dialog: which reads "Spinks, we need you."
text: They crumple up the napkin and leave the restaurant... A
text: moment later a shy looking MEXICAN MAN busses their tray...
text: but in A CLOSE ANGLE we see him secretly pocket the napkin.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY - ESTABLISHING
text: A little brick house.
scene_heading: INT. INVISIBLE BOY'S ROOM - DAY
text: A teenage boy's room, decorated to the max with models and
dialog: posters of the great superheroes: Batman, Spiderman, Captain
text: Amazing, etc. INVISIBLE BOY, about fifteen, is being
text: interviewed by the Raja, Mister Furious, and the Shoveler.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: So, let me get this straight. You
dialog: have the power to become invisible.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: But... only when no one is looking.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: If someone looks at you, you
text: immediately become visible again.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: So you're only invisible... to
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: OUR HEROES
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: If I look at myself, I become visible.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: So you're only invisible, when
dialog: absolutely no one is looking at you?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: So how do you know that you've ever
dialog: been invisible?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: I just know.
dialog: Our heroes are less than impressed.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Look, kid, we've got a lot of heroes
dialog: to interview --
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: I know I haven't got it entirely
dialog: worked out yet, but I've always
dialog: dreamed of becoming a superhero...
dialog: Weren't you guys ever a kid? Didn't
dialog: you ever need someone to just give
dialog: you a chance?
text: ON OUR HEROES, looking around the room... and softening up.
scene_heading: INT. THE DINER - NIGHT
text: Our heroes sit at their usual table along with Invisible Boy
text: and a weird looking guy in a greasy, stained yellow superhero
text: outfit. Across his chest in falling off stick on letters it
text: reads "THE SPLEEN", and that's exactly who he is. Furious,
text: the Raja, and Shoveler sit as far away from him as possible.
dialog: He is a totally noxious, hyperactive person... and he is
dialog: thrilled to be there.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: Boy I can't tell you how thrilled I
dialog: was when you guys called -- You gonna
dialog: eat that pickle?
dialog: (sucks it in)
dialog: I've always dreamed of being a member
dialog: of the a real superhero team -- and
dialog: to have friends -- real friends -- I
dialog: mean guys I could live with -- sleep
dialog: with -- die with -- eat with...
text: He puts the mustard dispenser to his lips and squeezes it
text: straight into his mouth.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: I love mustard.
text: Furious, Raja, and the Shoveler react; they can't believe
dialog: they've actually invited this guy to join their group.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: So what exactly is your superpower?
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: Well, when I was a kid I grew up on
dialog: Love Canal -- remember that? -- and
dialog: my brothers and I used to go swimming
dialog: in it -- make Kool-Aid out of it --
dialog: stuff like that. Anyway my brothers
dialog: all died, but I lived, and I grew
dialog: all these like weird organs that
dialog: have never been seen in humans before.
dialog: So now I can do things like this!
text: He leans over the table and lets just a little tiny drop of
text: spittle dribble onto the table...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE TABLE -
text: as the spittle burns a hole in the Formica.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: Cool, huh?
text: The Spleen inadvertently gives the tiniest little burp, and
text: our three heroes duck out of the way or under the table.
scene_heading: FURIOUS, RAJA, & SHOVELER
dialog: Watch it!... Look out!... Whoa!
text: The people in the next booth give a cry of revulsion, put
text: their hands to their mouths, and immediately leave.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: Sorry, sorry.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Hey, why don't you just put a cork
dialog: in it?
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: I tried that once. The cork melted.
scene_heading: THE SAME - AFTER DINNER
text: Our heroes mull their situation over coffee. Monica freshens
text: their cups. The Spleen squirts mustard in his coffee.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: There's just not enough of us.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: But we know they're out there.
dialog: Hundreds -- maybe thousands of lonely,
dialog: unknown superheroes, who desperately
dialog: need a cause...
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: And a social life.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Yeah, but how do we get to them?
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: Obscene phone calls?
text: They ignore that suggestion.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Why don't you throw a barbecue?
dialog: (moves off to another
dialog: table)
text: ON OUR HEROES, realizing that's it.
scene_heading: INT. INVISIBLE BOY'S ROOM - NIGHT - WITH MUSIC
text: Invisible Boy sits at the desk in his room, writing immaculate
text: little notes on small file cards. (He's made a whole pile of
dialog: them.)
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE NOTE -
dialog: which reads "Got superpowers? Want to fight evil? Then JOIN
dialog: US and let's PARTY HEARTY! Beer! Burgers! Babes!"
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - MUSIC CONTINUES
dialog: as our heroes post these notes all over the city, in places
dialog: where lonely superheroes night find them...
text: The Raja posts a note on the door of a comic book store...
text: The Shoveler posts a note on the bulletin board at a bowling
dialog: alley...
text: Mr. Furious tapes the note to the cracked glass of a
text: vandalized phone booth...
text: At an abandoned drive-in movie theater... Invisible Boy walks
text: through the empty lot, taping a note to each of the old
dialog: speaker posts...
text: A White Castle hamburger joint... Inside the pay toilet Spleen
text: is scratching something on the wall with a nail. He stops
text: and admires his handiwork, and we see that he has engraved
text: the entire message on the wall...
scene_heading: END MUSIC.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOVELER'S BACKYARD - DAY
text: A small, typical working class backyard. A round, aluminum
text: above ground pool. A Weber grill with burgers on it. Unopened
text: packages of hamburger rolls. An old Vic Damon record plays
text: on a boom box. The Spleen floats around on a rubber raft in
dialog: the pool.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: Come on in! The water's great!
text: In fact, the water is turning a yellowish green... The rest
text: of our heroes sit around on cheap folding chairs. No
text: superheroes have shown up. The Shoveler, at the grill, serves
text: burgers to his kids, who stand in line waiting for them.
speaker_heading: BUTCH
dialog: (heavy on the sarcasm)
dialog: Great picnic, Dad.
speaker_heading: EDDIE JR.
dialog: Big turnout.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Are these guys real superheroes?
speaker_heading: LENORE
dialog: They think so.
text: The kids scoff... A moment later they head back to the house
text: with their burgers.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: But where's Captain Amazing?
speaker_heading: EDDIE JR.
dialog: He wouldn't be caught dead here.
text: They go into the house. No one says anything. The Shoveler
text: just stares at the burgers on the grill. Vic Damon sings.
text: Furious chugs his beer; he's working himself into a really
text: morose mood.
text: ON THE SPLEEN, munching on a chlorine tablet.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: Hey, these pool mints are delicious!
text: Raja looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Maybe there was traffic.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Who are we kidding? No one's gonna
dialog: show. We're living in a fantasy!
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Come on, guys -- we're fighting
dialog: against evil.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Good or evil, what's the difference?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: There's a big difference.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: I used to believe that. Now I'm not
dialog: so sure.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Roy, remember, it is all within your
dialog: power. The only thing that's in your
dialog: way... is you.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Oh shut up.
text: Suddenly, there is a knock at the gate. Everyone immediately
text: perks up.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: They're here!
text: A moment later they open the gate and see... HALF A DOZEN
text: BURLY GUYS wearing various superhero outfits.
speaker_heading: THEIR LEADER
dialog: Hey, man, is this the superhero
dialog: wingding?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: This is it. Come on in!
speaker_heading: SUPERHEROES
dialog: All right! Party! (Etc.)
text: At first glance these guys seem promising... but their outfits
text: are decidedly improvised: weird goggles and sunglasses, shower
text: curtain capes, baseball caps with beer cans on them. Their
text: leader holds a squeegee with a long handle... Furious is
dialog: suspicious.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: I am the Blue Raja, Master of
dialog: Silverware.
speaker_heading: THEIR LEADER
dialog: I am Squeegee Man, and these are my
dialog: compadres, the Invincible Dudes!
text: The Invincible Dudes spot the keg.
speaker_heading: INVINCIBLE DUDES
dialog: Whoa! Brews! Party! (Etc.)
text: They go immediately to the keg and start filling beer cups
text: and guzzling them down. The Raja tries to hand out some forms.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Would you mind filling out these
dialog: forms; names, addresses, description
dialog: of superpowers, that sort of thing.
speaker_heading: INVINCIBLE DUDES
dialog: Sure, dude. No problem. (Etc.)
dialog: (but they just toss
dialog: the forms away)
text: ON FURIOUS, watching, starting to get pissed off.
scene_heading: INVINCIBLE DUDE 1
dialog: Hey, man, like where are the babes?
speaker_heading: INVINCIBLE DUDE 2
dialog: It said on the card there'd be babes!
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Actually we lied about the babes,
dialog: but there's plenty of burgers.
speaker_heading: INVINCIBLE DUDES
dialog: That's false advertising!... We came
dialog: all the way from South Champion,
dialog: man! We coulda gone plinking!... We
dialog: coulda gone bunqee jumping!
speaker_heading: SQUEEGEE MAN
dialog: No babes. No peace.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE DUDES
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: No babes -- no peace! No babes -- no
dialog: peace! No babes -- no peace!
speaker_heading: SQUEEGEE MAN
dialog: Let's trash the place!
speaker_heading: INVINCIBLE DUDES
dialog: Yeah!
text: Furious, fed up, confronts Squeegee Man.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: If you're a superhero, what's your
dialog: power?
speaker_heading: SQUEEGEE MAN
dialog: I am Squeegee Man.
dialog: (holding it out
dialog: threateningly)
dialog: Touch my squeegee... and you die.
text: The Invincible Dudes are cracking up.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Can you fly?
speaker_heading: SQUEEGEE MAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Wanna bet?
scene_heading: EXT. JUST OUTSIDE THE YARD - CONTINUOUS
text: as Squeegee Man comes flying -- and screaming -- over the
text: fence, landing none too gracefully in the front yard.
text: A beat and his squeegee come flying out after him. Another
text: beat and the Invincible Dudes come running out the gate in a
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: INVINCIBLE DUDES
dialog: Let's get out of here!... That dude's
dialog: crazy!
text: They take off down the street, running right past a woman,
text: carrying a bowling ball bag and dressed in a faded, threadbare
text: old rayon superhero costume with a decidedly fifties flavor.
dialog: She is THE BOWLER.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOVELER'S BACKYARD - A MOMENT LATER
text: Our heroes sit around the patio, dejected, miserable.
speaker_heading: BOWLER (O.S.)
dialog: Who died?
text: They look up, see her standing there, and aren't quite sure
dialog: what to make of her.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: I'm the Bowler.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: The Bowler? I remember him from when
dialog: I was a kid. He was killed years
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: I'm his daughter.
text: Our heroes share a look.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Look, honey, being a superhero...
dialog: it's a guy thing.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Really?
text: She takes her bowling ball and spins it on the tip of her
text: finger (like a Harlem Globetrotter). For a long moment she
text: just looks at them, smiling.
text: ON THE OTHERS watching, almost mesmerized by the spinning
dialog: ball...
text: Suddenly, she gives an ear splitting battle cry and starts
text: swinging the ball around her in wide ferocious arcs, like a
text: cannibal with a war club -- or a twirler on meth, going so
text: fast she almost becomes a blur...
text: Then, just as suddenly, she stops, aims and rolls her ball...
text: It shoots straight through Invisible Boy's legs...
text: ON A NEATLY PLACED COLLECTION OF PLASTER LAWN DWARVES -
text: as the ball smashes into then, pulverizing them... It goes
text: into a reverse spin, passes through Invisible Boy's legs
text: again, and returns to the Bowler who is holding its bag open
text: for it... The ball rolls in.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Good ball.
text: ON OUR HEROES, left absolutely speechless.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: If it could zip up its own bag, then
dialog: you'd be impressed, right?
text: She turns and walks out. Our heroes share an amazed look,
text: then run after her...
text: JUST OUTSIDE THE GATE - ON THE BOWLER
text: walking away... as Furious catches up with her.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Hey... Can I buy you a beer?
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: I thought you'd never ask.
text: She takes his arm and they all start to walk back into the
text: Shoveler's backyard... but the CAMERA PANS ACROSS THE STREET
text: to the dark place between two houses, where a MAN WEARING A
text: STRANGE STEEL MASK with a frightening, impassively powerful
text: expression stands in the deep shadows, watching them in
text: motionless, predatory silence. We do not know who he is, and
dialog: we cannot tell if he is good or evil.
scene_heading: BACK AT THE BARBECUE - A LITTLE LATER - CLOSE ON
text: A FADED OLD SNAPSHOT of the original "The Bowler" holding a
text: little girl in his arms.
speaker_heading: BOWLER (O.S.)
dialog: He was more than just a superhero...
dialog: He was my father...
text: The others, touched by this, have gathered around the Bowler,
text: who is holding the old snapshot in her hand.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: And then one day, he didn't come
dialog: home. The police said it was an
dialog: accident. But cargo containers don't
dialog: just fall on people. He was
dialog: murdered... After that I fell apart.
dialog: I dropped out of school, became a
dialog: mud wrestler, married and divorced a
dialog: jerk. When my mother died I hit
dialog: bottom... but then, when I was
dialog: cleaning out her attic, I found my
text: father's old bowling bag and costume,
dialog: almost like he'd left them there for
dialog: me... and I knew what I had to do.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: So who killed him?
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: The Disco Boys.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: You know something? Those guys are
dialog: really starting TO PISS ME OFF!
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: But there's still only six of us.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
speaker_heading: SO WHAT?
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: That's two more than the Fantastic
dialog: Four.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Half a Dirty Dozen!
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: Twice the Three Stooges!
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: And only one short of the Magnificent
dialog: Seven.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: And you can't count Horst Buckholtz
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: He was cute though.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: But they all had one thing we haven't
dialog: got.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: Girlfriends?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: A name. All the great superhero teams
dialog: have got a fabulous name.
text: They all think about it for a moment. You can almost smell
text: their brains overheating.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: How about... the Savage Six?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: The Inscrutable Six?
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: The Six Pistols?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: The Exterminators!
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: The Obliterators!
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: The Eradicators!
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: The Emasculators!
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: Wait -- I got it!... The Spleen Team.
text: He gets beaned by a couple of empty soda cans.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: To hell with a name. Let's get to
dialog: work.
text: MUSIC UP as Furious stands and starts out. The others stand
text: and follow him... as our heroes form up for their first HEROIC
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: MUSIC CONTINUES as A LITTLE OLD LADY crosses the street,
text: when suddenly she looks up and sees a pair of headlights
text: coming on fast. An immaculately maintained seventies limo is
text: heading straight for her.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE LIMO - CONTINUOUS
text: Disco Boys sit in the front. Casanova, Anabel, and Tony P
text: sit in the back, dressed for a night on the town...
text: There is a thud as the limo hits the old lady, and everyone
text: in the car explodes into laughter.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Little old lady. That's a hundred
dialog: points!
scene_heading: INSIDE/OUTSIDE THE LIMO - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: as the limo drives past a billboard with an ad for "MILK"
text: with a milk mustached Captain Amazing looking at the camera...
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: He knows your every move.
text: Tony P imitates a massive electrical convulsion, and the
text: villains crack up.
text: But as they pass the billboard, a pair of headlights
text: illuminate in its shadows, and the Shoveler's Ford Esquire
text: pulls out and follows.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE ESQUIRE - CONTINUOUS
text: The Shoveler is driving. Mister Furious sits in the front
text: seat next to him, and our other heroes are packed into the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Let's say hello.
scene_heading: INSIDE/OUTSIDE THE TWO CARS - CONTINUOUS
text: As the limo stops at a traffic light... and the Esquire pulls
text: up alongside it. For a moment good and evil stare each other
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Not these guys again!
text: The Disco Boys howl with laughter.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Nice car.
text: The D Boys laugh. Furious stares at Casanova, and Casanova
text: stares right back at him, as cool as a snake.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: What did you do with Captain Amazing?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Captain who?
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: (spots the Bowler)
dialog: Hey, in the backseat, who are you
dialog: supposed to be, the Bowler?
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: I'm his daughter.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: His daughter? Well guess what,
dialog: sweetheart? I'm the one who squished
dialog: your Daddy. And he squished real
dialog: good!
text: The villains laugh, and Mister Furious EXPLODES INTO RAGE.
text: He swings open his car door, mashing it into the limo and
text: leaving a big dent.
speaker_heading: TONY P
speaker_heading: HEY!
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: 'SCUSE ME!
text: He starts punching the limo like it's a punching bag --
text: putting big dents in it.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Waste him!
text: Tony and the boys all reach into their coats for their pistols --
text: but as they yank them out, the Spleen sticks his head out of
text: the station wagon, puts his face right up to the open window
text: of the limo and lets loose with a TREMENDOUS BELCH...
text: As the villains choke and gag in the noxious fumes, Mister
text: Furious goes on a DEMOLITION RAMPAGE, working his way around
text: the limo, punching big dents with his fists, breaking the
text: windows with his head, flattening the tires by kicking them,
text: knocking off the rear view mirror with the back of his hand...
text: Then he leaps up on top of the limo...
text: While inside the villains gasp for air as big dents are
text: stomped into the roof above them...
text: ANGLE THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD as Furious leaps down onto the
text: hood, and gazes in at them.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Shall I check your oil?
text: He plunges his hand through the metal of the hood, pulls out
text: the car's dip stick, and checks it.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Looks fine.
text: He tosses the dip stick away, then leaps off JUST AS Tony P
text: gets off a shot, EXPLODING the windshield of the limo.
text: Furious lands safely on the hood of the station wagon. As
text: the Shoveler throws the Esquire into gear, Furious shouts...
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
speaker_heading: NICE CAR!
text: And our heroes streak off into the night... Casanova and the
text: others stagger out of the demolished limo, sucking in the
dialog: clean air.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (impressed by Furious)
dialog: That boy's got talent.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: And I'm gonna nip it in the bud.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON A DARKENED ALLEY -
text: where the man in the strange steel mask can be seen...
dialog: watching.
scene_heading: EXT. A BAR - LATER THAT NIGHT - ESTABLISHING
text: A very typical, nondescript neighborhood place...
scene_heading: INSIDE THE BAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Our heroes stand at the bar, celebrating their first victory.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: To us!
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Whatever our name is.
text: They toast and drink.
speaker_heading: THE SAME - LATER
text: The Spleen is passed out at a table, snoring. Shoveler and
text: Invisible Boy sit next to him.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
text: Even his snores smell bad.
text: Raja and Bowler sit at the bar, deep in it.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: But she's your mother. You gotta
dialog: tell her.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: I can't.
scene_heading: ON SHOVELER AND INVISIBLE BOY
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Dad thinks all this superhero stuff
dialog: is a stupid waste of time.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: But he plays golf, right?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: BACK ON RAJA AND BOWLER -
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: I'm her only son, and she always had
dialog: such high hopes for me. Medicine.
dialog: Law.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: But you're a superhero.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: The cape. The turban. She wouldn't
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: I know... My girlfriends all dumped
dialog: me after I put on the mask. They
dialog: thought I'd lost it.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: But in fact... you'd found it.
text: They clink their glasses and drink.
scene_heading: BACK ON SHOVELER AND INVISIBLE BOY -
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: This is your dream... and you can't
dialog: ever give it up.
text: The Spleen makes weird noises in his sleep.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: I wonder what he dreams about?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: We don't want to know.
text: Mr. Furious sits alone in the corner, brooding, lost in his
dialog: own angry thoughts..
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BAR - CONTINUOUS
text: A black van drives slowly past the bar.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: The van is packed with Disco Boys. Tony P sits in the front
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: There.
speaker_heading: HIS POV -
text: He has spotted the Ford Esquire parked in the lot.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE BAR - A LITTLE LATER
scene_heading: ON THE BOWLER AND RAJA -
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: It's late. I'm headin' home.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: (to Invisible Boy)
dialog: Come on, Junior, it's a school night.
scene_heading: JUST OUTSIDE - A MOMENT LATER
text: As our heroes, carrying the Spleen, leave.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Anybody up for a little White Castle?
text: But suddenly the world is a whirling sass of chains and clubs
text: as they are bushwhacked by the Disco Boys...
scene_heading: EXT. AN ALLEY - A LITTLE LATER - CLOSE ON FURIOUS
text: as he comes to with a groan and sees... the Bowler and
text: Invisible Boy tied up and gagged, with the Raja, Shoveler,
text: and the Spleen trussed up right next to them. Furious looks
text: up, sees Tony P standing over him.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Hi, cutie.
text: Furious struggles, but he has been secured with some very
text: heavy tire chains. Tony P takes out a large caliber revolver,
text: flips it open to make sure it's loaded.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Six losers. Six bullets. Perfect...
dialog: Got any last words, Angry Boy?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Disco sucks.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Disco sucks. Very good. You know
dialog: what I'm gonna do, Angry Boy, since
dialog: you're so colorful? I'm gonna save
dialog: you for last.
text: He turns and points the pistol right at Invisible Boy's head.
text: Furious struggles against his chains -- to no avail.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Sweet dreams, punk.
text: Invisible Boy closes his eyes... Tony P cocks the pistol...
text: But suddenly, there is the ring of steel -- a broad blade
text: sweeps through the air, and Tony P's pistol is sliced neatly
dialog: in half.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: (holding half a pistol)
text: HOLY...
text: The man is the strange steel mask is standing there, the
text: drawn machete still in his hand.
speaker_heading: MAN IN MASK
dialog: Buenos naches.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Get him!
text: The Disco Boys rush the newcomer, but he slices through their
text: baseball bats with his machete, and sends them reeling and
text: crashing into each other with expert forearm blows, whacks
text: with the flat of his blade, and head butts with his mask.
text: Furious struggles to break free and join the fight, but the
dialog: chains are too strong... and the stranger doesn't need any
dialog: help.
text: Tony P flicks open a big switchblade and lunges at the
text: stranger, who sidesteps him like a matador and swings his
text: machete at him. Tony P turns, about to charge again.
speaker_heading: MAN IN MASK
dialog: (Mexican accent)
dialog: Would you like me to trim the sides?
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: What?
text: Tony P feels the top of his head, and realizes that the blow
text: from the machete has neatly sliced off the top his disco-do,
text: leaving only stubble on the top of his head.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: (freaking out)
dialog: LET'S GET OUTTA HERE!
dialog: Tony and the Disco Boys run for it...
text: Furious and the others study their masked savior, who stands
text: before them, machete in hand.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: You're the Sphinx.
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: And you are a fool.
text: He raises his machete above Furious' head... and then slices
text: clean through the chains.
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO DEMOLITION YARD - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Our heroes have gathered around a scrap wood fire in a steel
text: drum. They sit on the ground and on old car seats, feeling
text: like schmucks as the Sphinx chews them out, his mask looking
text: very frightening and magical in the flickering light.
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: You call yourselves superheroes? A
text: rooster fights more intelligently
dialog: than you! You have shown yourself to
dialog: your enemy and revealed your powers
dialog: to him -- and what have you
dialog: accomplished for this? You have
dialog: destroyed his car. Brilliant! If you
dialog: want to survive you must fight like
dialog: a wolf pack -- not like a six pack!
text: Furious sulks, but the others get the point.
speaker_heading: SPHINX
text: The wolf is cunning. He knows that
dialog: stealth is his greatest weapon, and
dialog: he always fights as a team...
dialog: (at Furious)
dialog: Not like some drunken Tejano on
dialog: Saturday night.
text: Furious grunts.
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: Casanova Frankenstein is a a master
dialog: of evil. You will need more than
text: shovels and dessert forks to stop
dialog: him... What else have you got?
text: They are silent.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: So what else has Superman got?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: He's got the fact that he's Superman!
speaker_heading: BOWLER
text: Bullets bounce off him!
text: Furious sulks again, feeling that the others are turning
dialog: against him.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Firepower costs money.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Anybody got any?
text: A silence.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: We didn't think this through very
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: My father had this friend... He was
dialog: an inventor...
scene_heading: EXT. DOC HELLER'S FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: Our heroes stand looking at an old farmhouse. The place is
text: an absolute wreck. It hasn't been painted in twenty-five
text: years. Windows are boarded up. Half the shingles are gone.
text: There's visible fire damage around the kitchen window.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Are you sure he's still lives here?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Are you sure he's still alive?
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: He was the last time I saw him.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: When was that?
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: I was eight.
text: She is about to knock, but the door is suddenly yanked open,
text: and an eighty year old guy is standing there. He's got a
text: wild head of white hair (that looks like a living explosion),
text: and he wears a stained old lab coat with stickum messages to
text: himself stuck to it, non-matching slippers, and a pair of
text: thick glasses with frames that have been composited of half
text: a dozen different old pairs all taped and welded together
text: into a fantastic concoction. He is DOC HELLER.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Doctor Heller?
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: (doesn't recognize
dialog: her)
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: It's me... Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Elizabeth! Little Elizabeth! Why
dialog: you're so... middle aged!
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: How's your dad?
speaker_heading: BOWLER
text: He's dead.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Oh that's right -- they squished
dialog: him... Heck of a guy.
text: Furious throws a look at the Shoveler and Raja. This guy's
dialog: out of it. They're wasting their time.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Doc, these are my friends. We're
dialog: superheroes, and we need your help.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Well, I give to the United Way, and
dialog: I feel that sort of covers --
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: Doctor, we need your weapons.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: (ecstatic)
dialog: My weapons? You need my weapons?
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND THE HOUSE - A MINUTE LATER - MOVING ANGLE
text: as Doctor Heller leads them all briskly across his overgrown
text: yard toward... the barn.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: The military establishment has never
dialog: understood me. They won't return my
dialog: phone calls, much less field test
dialog: anything. But I knew that someday
dialog: I'd get my chance, and now... here
dialog: you are!
text: (pulls open the barn
dialog: door)
scene_heading: INT. THE BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: As our heroes step into Heller's laboratory/arsenal. A stack
text: of small aluminum cans lines one wall. There are weird looking
text: sprayers, tubes, and strange homemade toy-like devices...
text: but there isn't a firearm in sight.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: But, Doc... where's the machine guns?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: The bazookas?
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: The lasers?
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: You don't need that junk! You see,
dialog: for thousands of years mankind has
text: been immolating, disemboweling, and
dialog: exploding itself. Why? Because we
dialog: have this built-in screwed up need
dialog: to go to war! So as a young man I
dialog: thought, why not have the fun and
dialog: excitement of war, without all that
dialog: unnecessary bloodshed. That's why I
dialog: have devoted my life to developing
text: an arsenal of highly sophisticated
dialog: non-lethal military weapons.
dialog: (points to a hand
dialog: held tube)
dialog: Air cannons... Blame throwers...
dialog: Feet seeking missiles... And perhaps
dialog: my ultimate invention...
dialog: (picks up one of the
dialog: small cans)
text: The canned tornado.
text: Furious groans, and the others share a look. This guy's really
dialog: a nut.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Now here's a beauty!
dialog: (picks up a purple
dialog: and orange sprayer
dialog: that looks like a
dialog: suped up water gun)
dialog: I call it the Shrinker! I developed
dialog: it after years of studying the worst
dialog: dry cleaners I could find. It
text: instantly shrinks fabrics to half
dialog: their size. Anyone caught in its
text: spray is immediately immobilized by
dialog: their own clothing!
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Let's get out of here.
text: Furious turns and goes out, and the others start to follow.
text: But the Bowler picks up a canned tornado.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: as Furious walks away, the Bowler steps out of the barn.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Hey, Mister Bad Mood.
text: Furious stops, turns back.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
text: (pulls the ring on
dialog: the can)
dialog: Catch.
text: She tosses the can to him. He catches it -- just as a small
text: angry tornado FUNNELS out of the can. It catches Furious and
text: lifts him high in the air... then dissipates to nothing...
text: A beat later Furious lands on the ground with a painful thump.
text: ON THE OTHERS, amazed.
text: Furious gets to his feet, unhurt, but really pissed off. He
text: starts back toward the barn, violently kicking the empty
text: can. The others get out of his way, as, muttering angrily to
text: himself, he goes back into the barn...
text: And emerges a moment later, toting the air cannon.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: He's got the air cannon!
text: The others think he's going to use it on them and scatter
text: for cover. But Furious steps out into the yard, looking for
text: a suitable target... He sees an old abandoned outhouse, puts
text: the air cannon to his shoulder, aims, and fires...
text: There is a loud WHOOOOMPH of compressed air, and the huge
text: recoil of the cannon instantly flings Furious back against
text: the wall of the barn. But the big rush of air hits the shed
text: dead center... and BLOWS IT TO PIECES, leaving only the old
dialog: seat.
text: Furious gets up, dusts himself off, and moves to Doc Heller.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Doc, you're a genius!
dialog: (hugs him)
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (turns to the others)
dialog: Okay! We got the firepower! I say we
text: throw it into the car, drive over to
dialog: Casanova's house, and kick some ass!
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: No.
text: The others ignore Furious and listen to the Sphinx.
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: We are not yet ready. Now we must
dialog: learn to fight together... as one
dialog: thing.
text: The others nod in agreement... while Furious fumes.
scene_heading: MONTAGE WITH MUSIC - TRAINING AT THE FARM
text: CLOSE ON DOC HELLER aiming his air cannon... CAMERA PULLS
text: BACK TO REVEAL our heroes (minus Furious) standing in a pack
text: right behind him, holding him down. HE fires, and the recoil
text: jolts them all violently, but it doesn't knock them over...
text: as half a dozen scarecrows are blown to pieces... Our heroes
text: cheer and shake their fists... while Mr. Furious sits alone
text: on the sidelines, drinking bourbon, and feeling very
dialog: alienated.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS as our heroes learn to fight as a team...
text: crawling across the grass together... charging in a line...
text: hurling canned tornadoes... while Furious sits it out,
text: brooding, drinking, and getting very jealous of the Sphinx.
text: Shoveler, Bowler, and the Sphinx stand shoulder to shoulder,
text: as Invisible Boy, Spleen, Raja, and the Doc throw small stones
dialog: at them...
text: They deflect the pebbles with shovel, bowling ball, and
dialog: machete...
dialog: Theyre having fun. They're becoming a team...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE BARN - EVENING
text: Furious drinks alone, while the rest of our heroes sit around
text: an old picnic table, feasting on sodas and pizza (like a
text: football team after a great practice.) Raja explains the
dialog: history of the situation to the Sphinx.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Twenty years ago all the major
dialog: hoodlums of this city were united
dialog: into one great brotherhood of evil,
dialog: and Casanova was their king.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Crime was rampant. It wasn't safe to
dialog: stay in your home.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Much less go outside.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Then Captain Amazing appeared.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: He busted Casanova and sent the crooks
dialog: packing.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: And this has been a pretty nice place
dialog: to live ever since.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (pissed off)
dialog: But now Casanova's back! And we're
dialog: gonna sit around here all night eating
dialog: pizza and telling stories! Hey, lets
dialog: toast some marshmellows!
speaker_heading: SPHINX
text: The wise snake coils before he
dialog: strikes.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (lunges at the Sphinx)
dialog: And a skunk stinks!
text: Furious and the Sphinx square off, their faces only inches
dialog: apart.
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: You drink too much.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: When are you going to take off that
dialog: mask?
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: When I am sure I am among friends.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Roy --
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (snapping at him)
dialog: Go dance with your mother, Jeffrey!
text: ON THE RAJA, hurt.
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: Your rage is a very great power, but
dialog: it blinds you to your heart.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: My heart died a long time ago.
speaker_heading: SPHINX
text: It is not dead. It is hiding.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Blow it out your bean hole, Pancho!...
dialog: And to hell with the rest of you!...
dialog: Look at you. Bunch of rejects. I
dialog: didn't need you before -- and I don't
dialog: need you now!
dialog: (jumps on to his
dialog: motorcycle)
dialog: The great ones RIDE ALONE!
dialog: (kicks the engine
dialog: started)
dialog: Adios, muchachos!
dialog: (and he rides off
dialog: across the field)
text: ON THE OTHERS, watching him...
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Has he always been like this?
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - CONTINUOUS - CLOSE ON FURIOUS
text: the wind whipping against his face, as he rides his Harley
text: at about a hundred miles an hour... The languorous sound of
text: an OLD DEAN MARTIN SONG is heard as we...
speaker_heading: FADE INTO:
scene_heading: MEMORY SEQUENCE - DAY - CLOSE ON FURIOUS
text: as a little boy, sitting in the backseat of the family car.
dialog: It is thirty years ago, and Mister Furious is a sweet, very
text: shy, well behaved, perfectly normal three year old. His MOTHER
text: and FATHER sit in the front. Dean Martin is playing on the
text: car radio. Little Furious looks out the window and sees the
text: Mohave Desert going by. A sign reads "Las Vegas, 120 miles".
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (to husband)
dialog: Oh this place looks great.
text: An old sign reads "BAR" as the family car pulls into the
text: parking lot of a single adobe building out in the middle of
text: nowhere. They park.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Now honey, you just wait in the car.
dialog: Mommy and Daddy will be right beck.
text: They get out, lock the car and head for the bar, leaving the
text: windows up. Little Furious watches them go, never suspecting
text: that his entire life is about to change. He sits quietly in
text: the backseat and plays with the little superhero figurines
dialog: that he's brought with him.
speaker_heading: LITTLE FURIOUS
dialog: Pow! Bang! Wham!
scene_heading: INSIDE THE BAR - CONTINUOUS
text: as the parents enter. A very Western motif. An old Gene Autrey
text: song is playing on the juke. The air conditioning is on.
dialog: They're the only customers in the place.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It's nice and cool in here.
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: (as they sit at the
dialog: bar)
text: Barkeep, a couple of cold ones.
scene_heading: CUT BACK AND FORTH BETWEEN CAR AND BAR -
text: ANGLE ON THE MIDDAY SON - blazing down on the car...
text: as Little Furious still plays with his superheroes, but the
text: interior is starting to bake, and the sweat begins to pour
text: off him. He looks out at the bar, getting worried. He tries
text: the windows, but they're automatic and won't open...
text: Back in the bar his parents down shots of bourbon with their
text: beers, as the BARTENDER finishes telling them a joke.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: And here's a banana for your monkey.
dialog: Mom and Dad have a good laugh.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Couple more?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You bet.
text: ANGLE FROM OUTSIDE TUE CAR as Little Furious, sweat and tears
text: pouring out of him, his hair wet and sticking out (and
text: starting to take on that familiar look), pounds on the window.
speaker_heading: LITTLE FURIOUS
dialog: Mommy! Daddy! Mommy! Daddy!
text: as back in the bar his parents, now very drunk, down more
text: beers and chasers as they play a spirited game of pinball.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE MOHAVE SUN - BEATING DOWN MERCILESSLY
text: barely able to breath, Little Furious flops back onto the
text: seat, his face a mask of heat and terror... But suddenly, a
text: change begins to take place in him, as some primordial defense
text: mechanism kicks in... and his fear begins to give way to
text: rage... His teeth bare.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HIS HANDS -
text: as they CRUSH the superhero figurines in their grasp...
text: While back in the bar his drunken parents dance a slow two
dialog: step to Hank Williams "Your Cheatin' Heart"...
scene_heading: EXT. THE PARKING LOT - NIGHT - HANK WILLIAMS CONTINUES
text: as the big desert moon shines down on the family car, still
text: parked there.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE BAR - CONTINUOUS
text: The parents are asleep in a booth. Furious' mother wakes up,
text: looks around groggily, and in a moment of horror suddenly
dialog: remembers...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
speaker_heading: OH MY GOD!
scene_heading: THE PARKING LOT - A BEAT LATER
text: as she runs toward the car, hysterical.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!
text: She unlocks the door, throws it open, and sees something
text: that makes her pull back in horror... Little Furious sits in
text: the backseat. His hair sticks out wildly, his face has become
text: that now familiar mask of primordial rage. Another OLD DEAN
text: MARTIN SONG is heard as we...
speaker_heading: FADE INTO:
scene_heading: INT. THE DINER - NIGHT - CLOSE ON FURIOUS
text: sitting alone in the booth, a look of profound pain and
text: lonliness on his face; he is still that little boy. The Dean
text: Martin song is playing on the juke.
speaker_heading: MONICA (O.S.)
dialog: Hi.
text: He looks up and sees Monica.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Alone tonight?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Every night.
text: She smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRANKENSTEIN MANSION - CONTINUOUS
text: Armed Disco Boys guard the front entrance...
text: While on the hillside above Invisible Boy (looking through
text: binoculars) and the Spleen lie together on their bellies in
text: the weeds, keeping the mansion under surveillance.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: Adolescence was the worst -- The
dialog: other kids made fun of me, so I'd
dialog: spit on them and they'd scatter --
dialog: I've never had a girlfriend -- unless
dialog: you count that night with my cousin --
dialog: She recovered fully though -- We
dialog: exchange cards every Christmas --
dialog: Well, I send her one, and she sends
dialog: it back...
dialog: (spritzes something
text: into his mouth, then
dialog: offers it to Invisible
dialog: Boy)
dialog: Bug repellent?
text: Suddenly, the gates of the mansion open and several sedans...
text: followed by a truck, drive out...
scene_heading: POV THROUGH BINOCULARS -
text: Casanova and Anabel sit in the front of the truck.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY (O.S.)
dialog: Where are they going?
text: Invisible Boy hesitates for just a momnt, then gets up and
text: runs down the hill.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: (runs after him)
dialog: Kid!
text: As the small convoy drives past, Invisible Boy slips out
text: from behind some trees, runs after the truck, jumps up and
text: sits on its rear bumper. The Spleen comes running after him,
text: and Invisible Boy reaches out, grabs his hand and pulls him
text: up alongside him. Invisible Boy tries the rear gate. It's
text: open. The two of them pull it up just a foot, squirm inside,
text: then pull it closed behind them.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Invisible Boy flashes the light of his key chain flashlight
text: around the inside of the truck. There is nothing in it, except
text: for a large pile of packing blankets.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFRONT AREA - NIGHT
text: as the convoy drives through Champion City's seedy waterfront
text: area and out onto a long pier.
scene_heading: INT. THE DINER - NIGHT - CLOSE ON THE TV
text: Dawn Wong and Don Stouffer report the night's news.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: ...still no sign of millionaire Lance
text: Hunt, and now, in an unrelated story,
dialog: another one of Champion City's leading
text: citizens has apparently disappeared.
dialog: Captain Amazing has not been seen or
dialog: heard from in a week. Authorities
dialog: believe that the hard working
dialog: superhero may just be taking a well
dialog: deserved rest.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Cancun perhaps?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Sounds good to me, Don.
text: Mr. Furious sits in the booth drinking coffee as Monica serves
text: him his burger and fries.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (floundering)
dialog: Monica... I was wondering if -- uh --
dialog: maybe we -- I mean you and I -- could --
dialog: uh -- you know -- get a -- I mean
dialog: have a...
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Date?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I get off work in fifteen minutes.
dialog: Walk me home?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: That was easy.
dialog: (goes back to work)
text: ON FURIOUS, feeling a whole lot better.
scene_heading: JUST OUTSIDE THE DINER - CONTINUOUS - UNKNOWN POV
text: from across the street. Furious' head is clearly visible in
text: the brightly illuminated window of the diner.
text: A Disco Boy stands in the shadows, gazing at the diner; he
text: recognizes Furious.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFRONT - NIGHT
text: The convoy has pulled up alongside a rusty old freighter,
text: docked at the pier.
text: Casanova's men throw the gate of the truck open, and the
text: CAMERA MOVES IN. No one is there, but we notice... two large
text: lumps under the packing blankets.
text: Casanova holds Anabel in his arms as they watch a large wooden
text: crate being lowered from the deck of the freighter.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Honey, our ship's come in.
text: Casanova's cellular phone rings.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE DINER - CONTINUOUS
text: The Disco Boy is on his phone. His pistol is drawn, and he's
text: got it aimed right at Furious' head.
speaker_heading: DISCO BOY
dialog: Just give me the word.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE PIER - CONTINUOUS - ON CASANOVA
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (gets an idea)
dialog: Wait. I'll be right there.
dialog: (hangs up, starts off)
speaker_heading: ANABEL
dialog: (peeved)
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Head hunting.
text: A minute later Casanova and two or three Disco Boys drive
text: off in one of the sedans... as the crate is loaded onto the
text: truck, and the gate is pulled closed... and locked.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TRUCK - A MOMENT LATER
text: The engine starts up, and the truck starts to move, as
text: Invisible Soy and the Spleen poke their heads out from under
dialog: the packing blankets...
text: They approach the crate and Invisible Boy shines his
text: flashlight on it.
text: The crate is secured with rivets and thick metal bands;
dialog: there's no way they're going to be able to get inside it,
text: but in the light of the flashlight they see...
text: Faded red lettering, in Russian, and the distinctive old
text: hammer and sickle of the former Soviet Union.
scene_heading: EXT. DIMLY LIT STREET - NIGHT
text: Furious walks Monica home.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I admire you.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MONICA
text: Being a superhero, wanting to save
dialog: the world. It's so... unselfish.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: It is?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Most people just want to make money
dialog: or be famous or something. But you
dialog: risk everything, just to help people.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I wouldn't mind being famous.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Who wouldn't?
text: In the shadows behind them... Casanova follows, stalking
text: them, as silent as a vampire.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I've never been able to figure out
dialog: what to do with my life, which is
dialog: why I guess I'm still a waitress.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Nothing wrong with being a waitress.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: What's your real name?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Roy.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Have you always lived here?
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Me too... I love this stupid old
text: town. It's noisy. It's smelly. It's
text: falling apart.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: It's home.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA'S POV
text: Monica, smiling, looking lovely.
dialog: CLOSE 0N CASANOVA; he wants her...
scene_heading: BACK ON FURIOUS AND MONICA -
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I've thought of leaving, going to
dialog: Chicago or New York, but...
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: What have they got that we ain't
dialog: got?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Champion's going to bounce back, and
dialog: I want to be here when it does.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: You don't seem very angry right now.
text: He shrugs. And they kiss, very tenderly.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: You know what? Underneath all that
dialog: anger I think there's just a little
dialog: boy who wants everyone to love him.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: I just want to be a superhero.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: That's what I mean... 'Night, Roy.
text: She turns and climbs the stairs of an old apartment building
text: and goes inside, as Furious watches, feeling emotions he's
text: not used to. He really likes her. He starts walking back
text: down the street, past a man sitting on the stoop. The man
text: looks up. It's Casanova Frankenstein.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Going my way?
text: Furious is caught completely by surprise -- he takes a stand,
text: ready to fight.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Take it easy -- take it easy. I just
dialog: want to have a little chat... That
dialog: was quite a number you did on my
dialog: car. You've got a lot of violence in
dialog: you... and I like that in a guy.
text: Furious, silent.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: You know what the difference is
dialog: between good and evil, Roy?
text: Furious reacts to the fact that Casanova knows his real name.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Evil is more fun. When you want
dialog: something, you just take it, and if
dialog: somebody gets in your way, you kill
dialog: them... You seem like a very
text: frustrated guy, Roy. Unhappy.
dialog: Unfulfilled. What is it that you've
dialog: always wanted, always desired? Because
dialog: whatever it is, I can give it to
dialog: you... Fame?
dialog: (snaps his fingers)
dialog: Easy. Fortune? Even easier. Women?
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: The easiest of all.
text: CLOSE ON FURIOUS as, out of the corner of his eye, he catches
text: movement in the alley across the street... he knows what it
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I'll let you in on a little secret,
dialog: Roy. In two days this entire city
dialog: will belong to me, and there's not a
dialog: damn thing your little pals can do
dialog: about it. It's the perfect time to
dialog: switch teams... So what do you say?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You're nuts.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (flairs)
dialog: They always call the great ones nuts.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: And the nuts always call themselves
dialog: great.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (his psychosis showing)
dialog: Are you with me... or against me?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Against.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Too bad. PLUG HIM!
text: Gunfire rings out from the alley as the Disco Bays step out,
text: their pistols blazing. But Furious has anticipated them. He
text: leaps right at Casanova, pins his arms in a bear hug and
text: holds him in the line of fire.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: WAIT!
text: The Disco Boys stop firing... Furious drags Casanova back
text: into an empty lot, using him as a shield.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (to Casanova)
dialog: Thanks for reminding me which team
dialog: I'm on.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: You're dead.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: So are you!
text: Furious releases Casanova, then runs for it and leaps over
text: the wooden wall at the end of the lot... as the Disco Boys
text: open fire again, and their bullets punch holes through the
dialog: wall...
text: Furious runs down a back street and escapes into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRANKENSTEIN CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: The convoy drives up the hill toward an ominous looking
dialog: structure (that we recognize from the model on the TV
dialog: interview with Casanova earlier.)
text: A high central tower rises up out of the half completed
text: bulwarks of featureless concrete. It looks both totally modern
text: and completely ancient, but a profound sense of evil connects
dialog: both themes beautifully.
text: ANGLE ON A PLAQUE THAT READS...
dialog: "Frankenstein Center for the Performing and Non-performing
dialog: Arts".
text: The gates of the center open, and the convoy passes through.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TRUCK - A MOMENT LATER
text: Invisible Boy and the Spleen stand listening, waiting, as
text: they feel the truck pull to a stop...
text: A moment later the gate is pulled opened... Anabel is there
text: with several thuggy looking SECURITY GUARDS.
speaker_heading: ANABEL
dialog: Be careful with my baby.
text: There are two lumps under the packing blankets again.
scene_heading: EXT. LOADING DOCK - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: The crate is being carried away by a forklift... A beat, and
text: then Invisible Boy and the Spleen slip out of the empty
dialog: truck...
text: And run down the road back toward the gates... which are
text: still open.
text: They're just about to pass safely through them, when a PAIR
text: OF ARMED SECURITY GUARDS, step in their path, their guns
text: pointed at thern.
speaker_heading: GUARD 1
dialog: Freeze!
speaker_heading: GUARD 2
dialog: Hands up!
text: They freeze, their hands held high.
speaker_heading: GUARD 2
dialog: What are you two doing here?
dialog: Our heroes are mute.
speaker_heading: GUARD 1
dialog: Not talking, eh? That can be fixed.
dialog: Turn around, start walking up the
dialog: hill --
speaker_heading: GUARD 2
dialog: And no funny business.
text: Invisible Boy and the Spleen turn, hands in the air, and
text: start up the hill, the guards right behind them.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: (after a moment, to
dialog: Invisible Boy, in a
dialog: whisper)
dialog: Pinch 'em.
text: Invisible Boy pinches his nostrils -- and the Spleen lets
text: out with a horrendous fart. The guards gag and choke violently
text: in the fumes as our heroes turn and run for it... escaping
text: out the gates.
scene_heading: INT. DOC KELLER'S LABORATORY/BARN - A LITTLE LATER
text: Invisible Boy and Spleen report to the others.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Whatever was in that crate... is
dialog: from Russia.
text: The others consider this, then hear a familiar voice.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS (O.S.)
dialog: Is there room in the pack for one
dialog: more wolf?
text: They look up and see that Furious has just returned... The
text: Sphinx moves to him. For a moment they stand face to face...
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: I was wrong... I need my friends.
text: Sphinx takes off his mask, revealing that he is the busboy
dialog: from the Tacky Taco.
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: Amigo.
text: They embrace.
text: A few minutes later. The others are gathered around Furious,
text: listening to his story.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Casanova said that in two days the
dialog: entire city would belong to him...
dialog: and there wasn't a thing that we
dialog: could do about it.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: What did he mean?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: I dunno.
text: Through the window the moon is seen rising over the hillside,
text: the Frankenstein Center silhouetted ominously against it.
text: Raja, Shoveler, and Furious gaze at it.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Maybe it's time we checked that place
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: But how do we get in?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (after a moment,
dialog: sounding very Sphinx-
dialog: like)
dialog: We just become like the wolf... who
text: wears the sheep's clothing.
scene_heading: MONTAGE WITH MUSIC - THE NEXT DAY
dialog: CLASSIC DISCO ("Stayin' Alive" if we can get the rights)
text: Furious, Raja, and Shoveler (in street clothes) walk down
text: the street together and step into the doorway of... the
dialog: Salvation Army Thrift Shop...
text: Later. CLOSE ON three pairs of legs, wearing polyester pants
dialog: and vintage shoes (ala the classic shot from "Saturday Night
text: Fever")... CAMERA WIDENS TO REVEAL our three heroes, dressed
text: in full blown seventies attire (with vintage sunglasses),
text: doing their best Travolta strut down the street...
text: MUSIC CONTINUES as our heroes strut their way through the
text: gates of the art center, right past the security guards...
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE CENTER - DAY
text: They climb the long stairs toward the center, which looms
text: above them... then pass through the big wooden doors and
dialog: into...
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HALL - A MOMENT LATER
text: END MUSIC as our heroes move through a vast, but empty main
text: hall... A small army of heavily armed security guards marches
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: So where's the art?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
text: He hasn't stolen it yet.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
text: This place is built like a fortress.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Because that's what it is.
text: They hear a WILD BURST OF DRUNKEN LAUGHTER echoing through
dialog: the hall.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (following the sound)
dialog: Come on.
text: They approach a doorway. The noise is coming from within.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET HALL - A MOMENT LATER
text: as our heroes step inside and see... A big luncheon is in
text: progress. Casanova, Anabel, and Tony P sit at the head table.
text: The room is lined with banquet tables, which are filled with
text: VICIOUS LOOKING CHARACTERS, drunk, eating, laughing, and
text: giving the waitresses a very rough tim..
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Oh my God... Every crook in the city
dialog: is here.
text: ON A GROUP OF VICIOUS LOOKING BALD BIKER TYPES...
speaker_heading: RAJA (O.S.)
dialog: The Bone Heads from the South Side...
text: ON THREE INSIPIDLY EVIL LOOKING GUYS in hip suits...
speaker_heading: RAJA (O.S.)
dialog: The Bland Boys from Downtown...
text: ON A DARK HAIRED WHITE GUY dressed as a rapper...
speaker_heading: RAJA (O.S.)
dialog: Italian Ice...
text: ON A GUY with a frightening assortment of metal things
dialog: piercing his face...
speaker_heading: RAJA (O.S.)
dialog: The Stapler...
text: ON TWO THUGS DRESSED AS ELVIS...
speaker_heading: RAJA (O.S.)
dialog: The Elvis Brothers.
text: A more degenerate group of criminals never sat down to lunch.
text: Furious recognizes one of the waitresses... It's Monica.
text: Casanova's got his eye on her, too, and he remembers her
text: from the night before on the street with Furious.
text: ON ANABEL, noticing his interest.
text: Our heroes see Monica walking straight toward them. They
text: turn away, lean against a wail, trying to be totally
dialog: inconspicuous...
text: But as she passes them, not noticing them... Casanova
text: approaches her.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Excuse me.
text: She stops, turns to him, while our heroes listen in, only a
text: few feet away...
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (reading her name tag)
dialog: Monica... Beautiful name. It suits
dialog: you.
text: CLOSE ON FURIOUS, getting jealous.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I hope you won't take this the wrong
dialog: way, but I couldn't help but notice...
dialog: that you're a dead ringer for Veronica
text: Lake in "The Blue Dahlia".
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Really?
text: Furious growls. Raja gives him an elbow.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Are you an actress?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Just a waitress.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: You underestimate yourself.
text: Mister Furious is fuming. The strands of his perfectly coiffed
text: disco-do start to stand straight up.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: You know I'm writing a play -- it's
dialog: just a little Broadway thing, but
dialog: there's a part in it that I think
dialog: you'd be perfect for.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I'd love to hear you read it. Could
dialog: you stick around after the luncheon?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Sure -- I guess.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Terrific.
text: She turns and walks into the kitchen.
text: CLOSE ON CASANOVA, watching her; his intentions are
text: sinister... He turns and sees... our heroes, hanging by the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: What are you three doing here? This
text: is invited guests only. Out.
dialog: Our heroes skulk out.
scene_heading: JUST OUTSIDE THE BANQUET HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: as our heroes step out and breathe a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: That was too close.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: But we gotta find out what's going
text: on in there.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Hey.
text: Furious has spotted... a large covered dessert table, waiting
text: to be wheeled into the hall.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE BANQUET HALL - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: as the dessert table is wheeled in... and in a CLOSER ANGLE,
text: under the table cloth, we see three pairs of disco shoes
dialog: creeping along...
text: A few minutes later, Monica steps up to the dessert table...
text: Suddenly, she is yanked under.
scene_heading: UNDER THE TABLE - CONTINUOUS
text: Monica struggles, tries to cry out, but a hand is clamped
text: firmly over her mouth.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: It's me.
text: She calms down, and he takes his hand off her mouth.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: What are you guys doing here?
speaker_heading: RAJA & SHOVELER
dialog: Shhhh!
text: The waitresses leave; the big doors to the dining room are
text: swung closed, and the cigars are lit. The meeting has begun.
text: Casanova takes the podium.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Thank you all for coming. I hope you
dialog: enjoy the cigars. I had to kill a
dialog: dozen Cubans to get them.
text: Tony P chuckles loudly, but the joke goes over like a lead
text: balloon with the rest of the crowd.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Twenty years ago, this town was yours!
dialog: AND I WAS YOUR KING!
text: ON THE HOODS, listening, bored, puffing on their cigars;
dialog: this is a sad old story.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (tragically)
dialog: But they called me a psycho, and
dialog: they put me away. For twenty years I
dialog: rotted in my cell, painting
dialog: watercolors, writing haikus -- just
dialog: waiting for the day I could take my
dialog: revenge. Well, brothers, that day
dialog: has come!
text: ON OUR HEROES under the table, listening. Monica begins to
text: realize what's going on.
scene_heading: BACK TO CASANOVA -
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: They thought I was crazy? Well the
dialog: joke's on them -- because tonight at
dialog: precisely midnight -- on the twentieth
dialog: anniversary of my tragic arrest --
dialog: every man, woman, and child in this
dialog: city is going to turn into a RAVING
dialog: PSYCHOTIC! Mothers will murder their
dialog: tots! Old ladies will strangle their
dialog: cats! Children will bump off their
dialog: babysitters!
text: The guests think Casanova's completely lost it. Italian Ice
text: speaks up.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN ICE
dialog: You're outta your mind!
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: ITALIAN ICE
dialog: Nobody could drive a whole city crazy.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Tell you what, Ice. I'll make you a
dialog: friendly little wager. It I can't do
dialog: it... you can blow my brains out. If
dialog: I can, I'll blow out yours.
text: Now the hoods' interest has been perked.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN ICE
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (to Anabel, with a
dialog: smile)
dialog: Honey, give the boys a taste.
text: Anabel puts on a pair of heavy duty sound deadening ear
text: protectors, then presses a button on a small remote control
dialog: device.
text: ANGLE ON A SPEAKER, placed above the podium... as the air is
text: suddenly filled with a weird, stridulating, HORRIFIC NOISE
text: (somewhere between the sound of a fire siren and a hornet
dialog: trapped in your ear) and everyone in the room (except Anabel)
text: goes COMPLETELY BERSERK...
text: CAMERA PANS the tables as the guests laugh dementedly,
text: punching, gouging, strangling, and stabbing each other...
text: Under the serving table our heroes go crazy...
text: Casanova, in a state of psychotic ecstasy, whips out his
text: pistol and empties it into Italian Ice... who drops to the
text: floor, dead.
text: Anabel presses the button again; the sound winds down and
text: stops, and everything returns to normal. The entire event
text: lasted only a few seconds, but the guests are dazzled.
speaker_heading: CROOKS
dialog: That was great!... What the hell was
dialog: that?... How did you do that?
text: Casanova throws Anabel a kiss.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Tonight, at midnight, that sound
dialog: will be amplified across this entire
dialog: city. Murder and mayhem will reign
dialog: supreme! And Champion City will be
dialog: ours again! This will be our castle!
dialog: And I will be our king! And there's
dialog: no one to stop us!
text: Suddenly, a familiar voice is heard.
speaker_heading: AMAZING (O.S.)
dialog: Not so fast, Casanova!
text: A pair of curtains suddenly part... and Captain Amazing
text: (looking a bit singed) is standing there in classic superhero
dialog: pose.
text: CAMERA PANS the crooks, as their criminal ecstasy turns
text: instantly to terror. They yank out their pistols, dive for
text: cover under the table, throw up their hands in surrender,
text: etc... But Casanova just grins.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Don't worry, fellas...
dialog: (moves to Captain
dialog: Amazing, and puts
text: his arm chummily
dialog: around him)
dialog: I killed him... and I've had him
dialog: stuffed.
text: Casaova reaches behind Captain Amazing's back and pulls a
dialog: string (like the ones they used to have on those old talking
dialog: dolls).
speaker_heading: AMAZING
dialog: (in a canned voice)
dialog: Isn't my butt cute in these tights?
dialog: (pulls again)
dialog: Blue is my color.
dialog: (pulls again)
dialog: Oh, my abs are killing me!
text: The crooks are beside themselves with laughter.
text: ON OUR HEROES, under the table, stunned.
scene_heading: ON THE ELVIS BROTHERS -
speaker_heading: ELVIS BROTHER 1
dialog: The King is back!
speaker_heading: ELVIS BROTHER 2
dialog: Long live the King!
text: The crooks fire their pistols exuberantly into the air, as
text: disco music fills the air and Casanova dances, basking in
dialog: their adoration...
text: And our heroes slip out from under the table and make good
dialog: their escape...
scene_heading: INT. DOC HELLER'S BARN/LAB - LATER
text: Our heroes and Monica pow-wow, sobered by what they have
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: What could have made such a horrible
dialog: noise?
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: (after a moment,
dialog: gravely)
dialog: He's got the Psychostridulator.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: The what?
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Ten years ago the Kremlin's top secret
dialog: Psychiatric Warfare Division developed
dialog: a prototype for a weapon that emitted
dialog: a fluctuating alternative frequency
dialog: noise that produced a violent
dialog: psychotic reaction in any mammal
dialog: within hearing distance. But when
dialog: the old Soviet Union fell the
dialog: stridulator and its brilliant
dialog: inventor, Doctor Kopov, disappeared.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: This Kopov, what happened to him?
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Not him... her.
text: They react to that piece of news, and then the Bowler opens
dialog: up the newspaper.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Did she look like that?
text: CLOSE ON A PHOTO of Anabel and Casanova, announcing their
dialog: wedding engagement.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Silence; this is bad.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: Maybe it won't work.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: It works.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: A village in Siberia was wiped out
dialog: when a cleaning woman switched it on
dialog: by mistake.
text: Another grim silence, as they realize how desperate the
text: situation is. For the first time, they're really scared.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: We've got to warn the city.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: No one will believe us.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: They'll think we're just a bunch of
dialog: weirdoes.
text: CAMERA CUTS BETWEEN THEM as they look at each other -- their
text: frightened faces, their sad, faded costumes. Even the Sphinx
text: looks scared.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (after a moment, grimly)
dialog: We know what we gotta do.
text: They look at him.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: We're outnumbered twenty to one.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: It's suicide.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Maybe. But this isn't about living
dialog: or dying. It's about good versus
dialog: evil, and we're good, whether we
dialog: like it or not... Maybe we look a
dialog: little funny...
text: ON THE SPLEEN...
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: And smell a little funny. We're not
dialog: bulletproof and we can't fly. But
dialog: we're superheroes -- and that means
dialog: doing what's right -- even when it's
dialog: impossible... This is our city --
dialog: these are our friends, our families --
dialog: and if we don't save them, nobody
dialog: will! So I say we take a ride up
dialog: that hill, blast our way in there,
dialog: destroy that Psycho-whatchamabob --
dialog: and teach those deviants a lesson
dialog: they'll never forget!
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: Now you're talking.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Sounds good to me.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Let's do it.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: And we'll take a bunch of 'em with
dialog: us!
text: They're all with him. Monica steps forward.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I just want you guys to know -- I
dialog: may not be a superhero, but I'm with
dialog: you -- and I want to help!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Oh that's great... Thanks, Monica...
speaker_heading: (Etc.)
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: We could really use some coffee --
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: And some sandwiches --
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: With mustard!
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: (her feelings a little
dialog: hurt)
dialog: Sure.
text: A few minutes later, Monica serves sandwiches and coffee as
dialog: our heroes plan...
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: But that place is huge and we don't
dialog: know where this psycho thing is --
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Or even what it looks like.
speaker_heading: HELLER
text: And he must have it well hidden.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: We'll just have to get lucky.
text: ON MONICA as she gets an idea. A moment later she slips a
text: canned tornado into her purse... as the others put their
text: arms around each other in a group huddle\embrace.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Go do what you gotta do. We'll meet
dialog: back here at sunset... Do or die.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Do or die.
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: Victoria o morte.
text: HEROIC MUSIC as...
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO DEMOLITION YARD - DAY - CLOSE ANGLE ON
text: THE FRONT GRILL of the Herkimer Battle Jitney... as Mister
text: Furious hooks it up to the "Sally's Auto Demolition" tow
text: truck... A moment later he drives the tow truck, towing the
text: off the lot, as Sally steps out of her office, pissed off...
speaker_heading: SALLY
speaker_heading: HEY!
scene_heading: EXT. HELLER'S FARM - DAY
text: ON THE SPHINX, standing as immobile and silent as a statue...
text: as a falling leaf slowly flutters down in front of him... In
text: a flash, his machete slices through the air, and the leaf
text: continues fluttering down, but in two pieces...
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY/BARN - DAY
text: Doc Heller fine tunes his Shrinker spray... as the Bowler
text: sits quietly in the hayloft, studying the old dog eared photo
text: of her father and herself as a little girl...
scene_heading: INT. INVISIBLE BOY'S ROOM - DAY
text: Invisible Boy stands in front of his mirror, eyes closed,
dialog: concentrating for all he's worth, trying to become
text: invisible... He suddenly pops opens his eyes and looks at
text: himself in the mirror... but he's still completely visible.
text: He flops onto his bed in frustration.
scene_heading: INT. THE DINER - DAY
text: CLOSE ON A TABLE full of food... Eggplant Parmesan, broccoli,
text: chili... CAMERA PULLS BACK TO REVEAL the Spleen sitting alone
text: in the booth, stuffing his face, gassing up for battle.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOVELER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: The Shoveler, standing in his bedroom, has just put on his
text: freshly laundered suit. CAMERA OPENS WIDE TO REVEAL Lucille,
text: his wife, standing there, holding his just polished shovel.
text: He takes it from her, then takes her in his arms.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Baby, if I don't make it... find
dialog: yourself... a normal guy.
speaker_heading: LUCILLE
dialog: I don't want a normal guy.
dialog: And they kiss.
text: A few minutes later... In the living room the Shoveler's
text: kids lie sprawled in front of the television. The Shoveler,
text: in battle array, steps into the room. He wants to say
text: something to them, but the kids don't even take their eyes
text: off the TV look at him... He turns and walks out in silence.
scene_heading: END MUSIC...
scene_heading: INT. THE RAJA'S DINING ROOM - DAY
text: The shades are drawn. The Raja, in full costume, quietly
text: loads silverware into the secret pockets of his cape.
text: Suddenly, the light switches on... It's his mother. She's
text: caught him red handed.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Jeffrey, YOU THIEF!
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Mother... it's not what you think!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And why are you wearing that silly
dialog: costume?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: (painfully)
dialog: Because... I'M A SUPERHERO!
text: ON HIS MOTHER, shocked.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Oh, Mother, I'm sorry. I know how
dialog: much you wanted me to be a doctor or
dialog: a lawyer with a family -- but it's
dialog: just not who I am!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: But... the silverware?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: I use it... to fight evil.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Jeffrey... this is wonderful.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: It is?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I always knew that you were special.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Ever since you were a little boy...
dialog: (gets an idea, excited)
dialog: Come with me.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - A MOMENT LATER
text: She pulls down the stairway to the attic...
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC - A MOMENT LATER
text: She switches on the light and leads the Raja to a far
text: corner... where she moves a couple of old hat boxes, REVEALING
text: an ancient leather bound box with the word "Excalibur"
text: engraved in gold on the top.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This is for you.
text: The Raja opens the box and registers astonishment as he
dialog: sees...
text: A FABULOUS VICTORIAN SILVER SET packed with formidable looking
text: servers, cake knives, ice cream forks.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Your Great Great Grandmother's wedding
dialog: silver.
text: The Raja lifts up and handles a large heavily engraved pie
dialog: server.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Bitchin'.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE HELLER'S BARN/LAB - EVENING - CLOSE ON
text: Mister Furious, wrench in hand, covered with grease and oil,
text: cussing to himself as he works under the hood of the Herkimer.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Try it again!
text: Invisible Boy, sitting behind the wheel, tries the ignition
text: of the Herkimer, and the old engine grinds as it turns over,
dialog: but doesn't catch.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Come on, baby... Come on, baby... I
dialog: SAID COME ON!
text: Mister Furious SLUGS the engine with his fist, and it sputters
text: and backfires into life... shaking, rattling, leaking,
text: exploding, but running... Furious kisses the Herkimer... as
text: the Bowler calls out to him from the barn.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Mon Captain, it's for you.
dialog: (tosses him the phone)
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: EXT. UNKNOWN LOCATION - EVENING - CLOSE ON MONICA
speaker_heading: MONICA
text: (on a phone, speaking
dialog: very softly)
dialog: It's me.
scene_heading: BACK TO FURIOUS - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Monica, where are you?
scene_heading: BACK TO MONICA - WIDER ANGLE
text: REVEALING that she is on a pay phone just outside the art
text: center. She's wearing make-up and a sexy little dress; she
text: looks she's dressed for a date. Disco Boys and security guards
dialog: go about their business all around her.
speaker_heading: MONICA
text: At the Frankenstein Center.
scene_heading: CUT BACK AND FORTH BETWEEN THEM -
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Are you nuts? Get out of there!
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I'm going inside.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Listen, Casanova may be a
dialog: supervillain, but he's got a weakness,
dialog: and I'm it. Maybe -- just maybe -- I
dialog: can trick him into showing me the
dialog: location of the whatchamathing.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: He's a psycho! He'll kill you!
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Just shut up and listen. Hold off
dialog: the attack as long as you can. If I
dialog: can discover the location I'll call
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: And what if you get killed?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Then at least I will have died trying,
dialog: right?
text: Furious silent, taken aback by her courage.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Roy... We might never see each other
dialog: again, so I'd better tell you now...
dialog: I think you're wonderful.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (caught completely
dialog: off guard)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Bye.
dialog: (and she hangs up)
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Monica!
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY OF THE FRANKENSTEIN CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: as Monica approaches a GUARD standing by the main door.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Could you tell Mr. Frankenstein that
dialog: Monica is here?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Sure, doll.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: Furious stands by the Herkimer, phone still in hand. He seems
text: speechless, dazed. Something inside him has changed.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: (worried about him)
dialog: Hey... you okay?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE FRANKENSTEIN CENTER - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Casanova steps out and sees... Monica, looking very sexy.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I thought you'd chickened out on me.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Just wanted to... powder my nose.
text: His eyes roam all over her; he knows she's up to something,
text: but she looks yummy, and this is just the sort of cat and
dialog: mouse game he loves.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: How 'bout giving me "the tour"?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Why not?
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: as Casanova leads Monica across an open courtyard toward...
text: the sheer walls of the imposing central tower.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Big, isn't it?
text: He leads her to a massive archway, the only apparent entrance
text: to the tower. But just as she is about to pass through, Monica
text: looks up and sees something that makes her pull back with
dialog: fear...
speaker_heading: HER POV -
text: A very sinister looking SECURITY EYE gazes down at her from
text: the top of the archway.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Don't worry. It's not activated.
text: They pass through and into...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM IN THE BASE OF TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: which is filled with IMMENSE BRONZE SCULPTURES of voluptuous,
text: scantily clad females in various poses of bondage. Monica
dialog: reacts; these things are scary.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Who's the artist?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Me.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BARN/LAB - NIGHT
text: The Bowler, Spleen, Invisible Boy, and Doc Heller load up
text: the Herkimer with Heller's weaponry... as Mister Furious
text: lies sprawled on the hillside... breathing in the night air,
text: contemplating a dandelion gone to seed, and listening to the
text: sounds of the night. The Raja, Shoveler, and Sphinx, stand
text: nearby, watching, trying to figure out what's wrong with
text: him. A whippoorwill is heard singing.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Listen. He's lonely... and he doesn't
dialog: care who knows it.
text: Raja and Shoveler share a bewildered look. The bird sings
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: We're all the same really. Our songs,
dialog: our dreams, our seeds are all just a
dialog: brave attempt to live forever.
dialog: (blows the dandelion
dialog: seeds into the wind)
speaker_heading: SPHINX
text: He is in love. His anger is gone.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Oh no.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Great timing!
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Has Monica called?
scene_heading: INT. TOP OF THE FRANKENSTEIN TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: Casanova leads Monica into... a palatial room, filled with
text: priceless objects d'art, all of which reflect Casanova's
text: dark psyche. A Munch painting. Mayan idols. Weird German
text: furniture. A huge glass chandelier hovers over the room. A
text: massive bronze sculpture of a wolf (done in the same style
text: as the other sculptures) is perched in the balcony. It seems
text: to be howling out over the city which is seen in a spectacular
text: view, spread out alonq the lakeshore below.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: This is where I come to... be alone.
text: He turns down the lights and quietly closes and locks the
text: big door to the room.
text: CLOSE ON MONICA, sensing her danger.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Oh, look at that view.
text: She moves out onto the balcony... as Casanova slips the gold
text: chain from around his neck and follows her.
scene_heading: INT. BARN/LAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Our heroes have gathered around Furious, who sits in a chair,
dialog: getting the third degree.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Snap out of it!
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Get on to yourself!
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: (shouting right in
dialog: his face)
dialog: GET MAD!
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: But I just don't feel it.
speaker_heading: RAJA
text: He's turned into a completely normal
dialog: person!
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Normal. What's normal? Does normal
dialog: exist? And if it did, how would we
dialog: know it?
text: The Shoveler slugs him, sending him sprawling.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: You know, Eddie, that was really
text: uncalled for.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY ON FRANKENSTEIN TOWER - ON MONICA
text: gazing out onto the city, as she senses Casanova slinking up
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I'm chilly.
text: She turns, elegantly avoiding him, and moving back inside.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE BARN/LAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Spleen holds up Furious' favorite sunglasses.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: Look! Your favorite sunglasses!
dialog: (snaps them in two)
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Your Roy Rogers coffee mug!
dialog: (hurls it against the
dialog: wall)
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Your Spiderman Pez dispenser!
dialog: (breaks the head off
dialog: it)
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Okay, you win. I'm pissed off. I'm
text: seriously peeved.
text: The others groan with frustration.
scene_heading: BACK AT THE FRANKENSTEIN TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: Monica moves nervously around the room as Casanova sprawls
text: languorously on the bed, toying with his gold chain.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Come here.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I'm not that kind of girl.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Then why are you here?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Curiosity.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: Remember the cat.
text: Suddenly, he hears high heels in the hall. A key is put in
text: the lock -- Casanova leaps off the bed, grabs Monica and
text: roughly shoves her into the closet. He leaps back onto the
text: bed, just as the door opens, and Anabel, dressed in a lab
text: coat (and wearing high heels) enters. Casanova is completely
text: relaxed, nonchalant.
speaker_heading: ANABEL
dialog: What are you doing all alone in the
dialog: dark?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Fantasizing... about you.
text: She crosses the room to the wolf sculpture.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I thought you were done?
speaker_heading: ANABEL
text: One last tweak.
text: She opens a secret panel on its back, REVEALING a FLASHING
text: HIGH TECH INTERIOR... and Monica, watching from the closet,
text: realizes that she has found the Psychostridulator.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE BARN/LAB - CONTINUOUS - CLOSE ON
text: a boom box... A CD jacket tells us that "Kenny G." is
dialog: playing...
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: If this doesn't do it, nothing will!
text: ON FURIOUS, a pair of headphones on his head. The music is
text: so loud that we can hear it even though it's being played
text: only through the headphones.
text: ON THE OTHERS, gathered around him, waiting to see if this
dialog: will work.
text: And then Furious begins to respond... as his face turns into
text: a contorted grimace.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: It's working!
text: Furious groans and writhes... The others are thrilled; they've
dialog: done it!
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: This music is just SO BEAUTIFUL!
text: He starts to weep. The others give a collective groan of
dialog: defeat.
scene_heading: BACK AT THE FRANKENSTEIN TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: as Anabel works on the Psychostridulator, Monica looks at a
text: clock... which reads almost eleven. Time is running out.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE BARN/LAB - CLOSE ON SHOVELER'S WRISTWATCH
dialog: which also reads eleven.
scene_heading: SHOVELER AND RAJA -
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: It's time.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: With or without him, we gotta go!
scene_heading: BACK TO THE FRANKENSTEIN TOWER -
text: as Anabel closes up the wolf... and starts to leave.
speaker_heading: ANABEL
dialog: Our guests are waiting.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I'll be down in a jiffy.
text: She goes out. Casanova listens as the sound of high heels
text: fades away, then he goes to the closet and lets Monica out.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I'd better go.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: You're a spy.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: (offguard)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I saw him walk you home.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Roy.
text: She makes a sudden try for the door, but he blocks her way,
text: a cold look in his eye that makes her step back in fear.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Don't be afraid... I never hit a
dialog: lady...
text: He lets the gold chain drop loose in his hand, then starts
text: coming for her, a sadistic grin on his face. This is the
dialog: real Casanova.
text: Monica pulls back, then reaches into her purse and takes out
text: A CANNED TORNADO, which she holds out threateningly.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Stay away!
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Or you'll what? CAN ME?
text: He laughs dementedly as Monica pops open the can and A
text: SWIRLING FUNNEL OF AIR SHOOTS OUT OF IT and ENGULFS Casanova,
text: throwing him across the room... Monica grabs the handset of
text: a cordless phone and runs out the door.
text: ON CASANOVA, pulling himself together.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: That bitch!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR JUST OUTSIDE - CONTINUOUS
text: as Monica runs for it, dialing the phone on the fly...
scene_heading: INT. TEE BARN/LAB - CONTINUOUS - ON THE PHONE
text: ringing... but no one is there...
scene_heading: EXT. THE BARN/LAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Our heroes are climbing into the Herkimer, whose noisy idling
text: engine obliterates the ringing of the phone.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: But she still might call!
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Are you coming or not?
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: I'll drive.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Not a chance!
text: He shoves him in the back, closing the heavy steel door behind
dialog: him.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE FRANKENSTEIN TOWER - CONTINUOUS - ON MONICA
text: hiding behind a large planter... listening to the phone
text: ringing on the other end.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Come on, guys... Pick up...
text: Suddenly, we hear Casanova's voice on the line.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA'S VOICE
dialog: What's the matter...
scene_heading: BACK IN THE TOWER ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Casanova is listening in on another phone.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Nobody home?
scene_heading: BACK TO MONICA - CONTINUOUS
text: as she moves quickly down the hall.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HERKIMER - CONTINUOUS
text: The Shoveler is at the wheel. The Raja sits in the passenger
text: seat. The others are in the back.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Here we go!
text: He forces the stick into gear and the Herkimer lurches
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: We've got lift off!
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: May the forks be with us!
scene_heading: EXT. DOC HELLER'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: as the Herkimer -- backfiring, smoking, clanging -- rumbles
text: down the driveway into action.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE HERKIMER - CONTINUOUS
text: Shoveler tries to put the car in second gear, but it won't
text: go. He yanks and pulls and struggles, until the stick comes
text: off in his hand.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: First is good.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR IN FRANKENSTEIN TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: Casanova instructs three security guards.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I want her alive.
speaker_heading: GUARDS
dialog: Yes, Mr. Frankenstein.
text: CAMERA PANS UP the top of a staircase... where Monica is
text: crouched, listening.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF CHAMPION CITY - NIGHT
text: VARIOUS SHOTS as the Herkimer rumbles and smokes down
text: Champion's main street (in first gear) and the citizens step
text: out of houses and bars to watch this bizarre sight.
text: ON A LITTLE BOY AND HIS FATHER -
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: Daddy, what is that thing?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I don't know, son.
text: A couple of GRIZZLED CHARACTERS stand in front of a bar.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: A Herkimer? Those yuppies will drive
dialog: anything.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HERKIMER - CONTINUOUS
text: ON FURIOUS AND THE OTHERS in the back.
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: Amigo, we need you.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Just GET MAD!
text: Furious closes his eyes and tries, but it's hopeless.
scene_heading: INT. V.I.P. LOUNGE IN FRANKENSTEIN TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: A sumptuous, hotel-like lounge. Anabel is holding court with
text: all of top crooks from the luncheon, charming the pants off
text: them... Casanova slithers up behind her.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Fellas, this is woman without whom I
dialog: would have gone sane.
dialog: (kisses her neck)
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT GATE OF THE FRANKENSTEIN CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: A pair of security guards (the same two who got gassed by
text: the Spleen) are on duty, when they see... a strange looking
text: vehicle chugging up the hill straight for them.
speaker_heading: GUARD 1
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: GUARD 2
text: Looks like... a Ford Dumpster.
text: They have a good laugh at it, then hold up their hands for
text: it to stop... But the Herkimer just rolls past them, hitting
text: the iron gates and snapping them open as if they were made
dialog: of match sticks.
speaker_heading: GUARDS
speaker_heading: HEY!
text: They open fire.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HERKIMER - CONTINUOUS
text: Bullets are heard pinging off the Herk as THROUGH THE
text: WINDSHIELD just ahead we see the long stairway heading up to
text: the front door of the art center.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Hang on!
scene_heading: EXT. ON THE STAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: Several more guards open fire, as the Herkimer hits the stairs
text: and starts bouncing up them...
scene_heading: BACK AT THE LOUNGE - ON CASANOVA
text: checking his watch.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: It's showtime.
text: But then they all hear... the sound of gunfire.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: What's that?
scene_heading: BACK ON THE STAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: as the Herkimer chugs and bounces... toward the entrance of
dialog: the center.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HERKIMER - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Our heroes get bounced all over the place.
scene_heading: INT. JUST INSIDE THE CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: as guards close and bolt the big wooden doors to the art
dialog: center.
text: ON A GUARD wearing a headset.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Mr. Frankenstein, we're being
dialog: attacked.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY DESK - CONTINUOUS
text: Casanova sits at a security console. Anabel, Tony P, and the
text: top crooks stand behind him, listening.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: By whom?
speaker_heading: VOICE OF GUARD
dialog: We don't know!
scene_heading: BACK ON THE STAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: as the Herkimer climbs to the top, then rams into the doors
text: with a thud. But the doors hold.
scene_heading: BACK ON THE VILLAINS -
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: They'll never get through those doors.
scene_heading: BACK AT THE FRONT DOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: But the plucky little Herkimer digs in its rear wheels and
text: pushes against the doors like the Little Engine That Could...
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HERKIMER - CONTINUOUS
dialog: as our heroes encourage the Herk.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Come on, baby!
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Do it, big boy!
text: ON ITS WHEELS, grinding, chewing up the concrete...
scene_heading: JUST INSIDE THE CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: as the Herkimer comes crunching through the big wooden doors
text: of the center, scattering the guards.
scene_heading: BACK INSIDE THE HERKIMER - CONTINUOUS
text: our heroes cheer, pat the Herk.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Atta, girl!
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Atta, boy!
scene_heading: BACK TO CASANOVA -
text: WATCHING ON A SECURITY MONITOR
speaker_heading: VOICE OF GUARD
dialog: Mr. Frankenstein, they're in!
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Well kill them.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: The Herkimer drives into the main hall of the center as a
text: small army of security guards swarms in, guns blazing.
scene_heading: BACK AT THE SECURITY DESK - CONTINUOUS
text: Casanova and the crooks watch the security monitor...
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HERKIMER - CONTINUOUS
text: The bullets sound like hailstones bouncing off the armor of
text: the Herk as our heroes grimly prepare themselves for battle...
text: The Sphinxs puts on his mask... the Bowler unzips her bag...
text: Doc Heller cocks his air cannon... Spleen and Invisible Boy
text: load a bag with canned tornadoes... While Mister Furious
text: watches anxiously.
text: The Shoveler drives intently, bullets splattering like bugs
text: on the windshield.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Where am I going?
speaker_heading: RAJA
text: (pointing to an archway
text: on the other side of
dialog: the hall)
dialog: Through there!
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Right.
text: But suddenly something under the hood blows up; the engine
text: gives a long groan, and the Herkimer rolls to a dead stop...
scene_heading: INSIDE/OUTSIDE THE HERIKINER - CONTINUOUS
text: Right in the middle, in the most exposed position of the
dialog: main hall.
text: More guards arrive and open fire... An armored golf cart
text: with a fifty caliber machine gun mounted on it comes speeding
text: into the hall, blasting the Herk...
text: Inside, the sound of the big bullets is deafening as Shoveler
text: tries to restart the engine.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: No good! She's dead!
text: ON CASANOVA AND THE CROOKS, watching the monitor and laughing
text: as bullets pulverize the Herk.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Spam in a can!
text: The crooks laugh.
text: Butsuddenly, the Herkimer's door is thrown open, revealing
text: our heroes -- holding down Doc Heller, his air cannon at the
text: ready. He fires -- there is a WHOOMPH of air -- and the
text: mounted gun and a dozen guards are sent tumbling...
scene_heading: SECURITY DESK - CONTINUOUS - ON CASANOVA AND THE OTHERS
text: watching, sobered.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE MAIN HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: as our heroes come charging out of the Herkimer, using their
text: various skills to blow through the surprised guards. Mr.
text: Furious comes out last, not quite sure what to do with
dialog: himself.
text: But suddenly, a withering barrage of machine gun fire is
text: being laid down on them by three guards firing tommy guns
text: from a balcony overlooking the floor. Bullets splatter all
text: around them -- and several unlucky guards are hit -- but our
text: heroes dive for cover. The Raja tries to get off a fork, but
text: the firing is too intense. Our heroes are pinned down.
text: ON MR. FURIOUS as he sees... the bag of canned tornadoes.
dialog: He's got no superpowers, and he's scared to death, but he
text: grabs a canned tornado.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Cover me!
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: With what?
text: Bullets dancing all around him, Furious runs a desperate
text: (but impressive) zig-zag pattern across the floor... He
text: performs a wild somersault, comes up on his feet, pops open
text: the can, and executes a perfect jump shot, lobbing it right
text: into the balcony. The tornado funnels out, and the guards
dialog: are sent flying.
text: ON CASANOVA AND THE TOP CROOKS watching...
speaker_heading: ELVIS BROTHER 1
dialog: Who are those guys?
text: CLOSE ON CASANOVA, who knows who they are.
text: WHILE BACK IN THE HALL our heroes rally around a shaken Mr.
dialog: Furious.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Not bad for a normal guy!
speaker_heading: SPHINX
dialog: Amigos!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Do or die!
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - A MOMENT LATER - ANGLE ON
text: the security eye watching... as the panicking security guards
text: retreat under it into the main tower.
scene_heading: BACK TO CASANOVA -
text: as he types something into the security computer...
text: ON THE SCREEN a computerized image of the eye appears.
text: Casanova highlights the word "Activate" and then presses
dialog: "Enter".
scene_heading: BACK TO THE COURTYARD - ON THE EYE
text: as it comes to glowing, sinister life...
text: A hapless guard retreats under the arch -- the Eye instantly
text: focuses on him, and he is hit by a dozen nasty looking laser
text: beams... that SIZZLE HIM...
text: A moment later our heroes arrive at the arch. Furious is
text: about to run through, but Doc Heller holds him back.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Wait! Look!
text: He points to... a man shaped pile of charcoal, all that
text: remains of the unfortunate guard.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Laser eye... and it's a humdinger.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: No problem.
text: The Raja takes out a butter knife, aims, and hurls it straight
text: at the eye, but laser beams intercept the knife and instantly
text: melt it into... a formless blob of silver.
scene_heading: BACK TO CASANOVA AND THE TOP CROOKS -
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: We'll take care of these clowns.
speaker_heading: ELVIS BROTHER 2
dialog: Piece a cake.
speaker_heading: BONE HEAD LEADER
dialog: No sweat.
scene_heading: CORRIDOR - A MOMENT LATER
text: as Tony P, the top crooks, and the Disco Boys march en masse
text: TOWARD THE CAMAERA... They are an ugly, formidable looking
dialog: bunch.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Our heroes are blocked by the eye.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Doc, there's got to be a way.
text: But the Doc is stymied... Suddenly they hear a woman's voice
text: calling down to them.
speaker_heading: MONICA'S VOICE
dialog: It's up here! It's up here!
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Monica!
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE FRANKENSTEIN TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: Monica leans over the edge of the balcony, the wolf sculpture
text: looming over her, shouting down at them.
speaker_heading: MONICA
text: ROY! THE PSYCHO THING IS --!
text: But strong hands suddenly grab her. It's Casanova.
scene_heading: BACK TO FURIOUS - CONTINUOUS
text: as high above he hears Monica scream.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE BALCONY - CONTINUOUS
text: Casanova, hand held tightly across Monica's mouth, shouts
text: down tauntingly to Furious.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Thanks, Roy! She's just my type. You
dialog: can have her back... when I'm done!
scene_heading: BACK T0 FURIOUS - CONTINUOUS
text: as he hears Casanova's evil laugh and Monica's scream. He is
text: desperate to find a way up, but the wall is completely sheer.
text: He feels helpless -- frantic, near tears...
text: FLASH TO the terrified little boy trapped in the back of his
text: parents' car, crying, pounding on the windows...
text: And then... Mr. Furious' hands clench into fists -- his hair
text: stands up -- and his face turns into a mask of primordial
text: rage. His button has finally been pressed. Be's MAD! He
text: reaches up as high as he can...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HIS HAND -
text: as his fingers literally dig into the concrete of the wall...
text: and he pulls himself up.
scene_heading: BACK AT THE TOP 0F THE TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: Casanova throws Monica onto the bed, puts his hands on her
text: throat and strangles her as she thrashes helplessly against
dialog: his immense strength.
dialog: BACK TO FURIOUS -
text: Fifty feet up and climbing. He pulls himself up, one hand,
text: then another, digging in his fingernails, catching his toes
text: on whatever tiny cracks he can find... as the others gaze up
text: at him.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: He'll never make it.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Think positive.
text: Meanwhile, Invisible Boy stands staring at the security eye,
text: a look of fierce determination on his face. This is his
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I can do it.
text: He takes a deep breath, closes his eyes, and concentrates...
text: ON FURIOUS as the fingers of one hand lose their grip and a
text: toehold gives way... For a desperate moment, Furious is
text: dangling off the wall by the tips of the fingers of one hand.
text: Only his incredible rage keeps his fingertips taut.
text: Suddenly, there is a flash of silver, and a large cake fork
text: embeds in the concrete not far from his head. Furious grabs
text: hold of it, and throws a grateful look down to the Raja...
text: Who salaams up at him...
text: As Invisible Boy, eyes closed in concentration, walks very
text: slowly, hands at his sides, in an almost Egyptian pose...
text: toward the eye... which stares down mercilessly, waiting for
text: its next victim... we notice that Invisible Boy has become...
text: just slightly transparent.
scene_heading: AT THE TOP OF THE TOWER - CONTINUOUS - ON CASANOVA
text: a look of pleasure on his face as he strangles Monica. Her
text: resistance fades. Her hands fall away. She is pale, beautiful,
text: almost gone, a picture of exquisite death.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: (admiring her)
dialog: Some girls just know how to die.
text: Suddenly, we hear someone cursing Casanova in Russian. He
text: turns and sees... Anabel standing there, pistol in hand.
speaker_heading: ANABEL
dialog: You two timing psychotic bastard.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Darling, you've got the wrong idea.
speaker_heading: ANABEL
dialog: (aiming at his heart)
dialog: Do I?
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: I was only strangling her... I've
dialog: killed hundreds of women. It doesn't
dialog: mean a thing.
text: (moving toward her,
dialog: turning on that old
dialog: Frankenstein Charm)
dialog: Pootchkie, you're over-reacting.
dialog: This is our night. It's what we've
dialog: lied for... cheated for... murdered
dialog: for. She's just a plaything, a
dialog: trifle... You're the only woman who's
dialog: ever meant anything to me. I adore
dialog: you. I worship you. I want to make
dialog: you my bride.
text: She succumbs to his charms, and he gently takes the pistol
text: out of her hand.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: There's just one thing...
dialog: (with a psychotic
dialog: smile)
dialog: I don't need you anymore.
text: A look of terror comes across her face as she sees the murder
text: in his eyes.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Don't worry, Darling. I never hit a
dialog: lady.
scene_heading: EXT. ON THE WALL - A MOMENT LATER - ON FURIOUS
text: still climbing as he hears a scream, looks up... and sees
text: Anabel go plummeting past him.
text: ON OUR HEROES down below.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Heads up!
text: CAMERA HOLDS ON OUR HEROES, wincing as Anabel hits with an
text: ugly thud.
text: Suddenly they hear Invisible Boy calling to them.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Guys, I did it! I did it! I'm
dialog: invisible!
text: They all turn and see... Invisible Boy, totally visible, but
text: standing on the other side of the arch.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Can you see me?
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Nuts.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Kid, turn that thing off!
text: Invisible Boy turns and sees... a computer screen built into
text: the wall (with the same image of the eye on it that was on
text: Casanova's computer), but he doesn't have a clue how to turn
text: it off. Suddenly, he hears running feet, turns and sees...
text: The top crooks and the Disco Boys rushing towards him through
text: the giant sculptures. He gets an idea... and stands right in
text: front of the computer screen.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: HEY! CREEPS!
text: He makes a face at them -- and a dozen guns are instantly
text: fired at him.
text: He jumps clear behind a pillar -- as the bullets smash into
text: the wall... one of them demolishing the computer screen.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE EYE -
text: as it goes dead.
text: ON INVISIBLE BOY, hiding behind the pillar... realizing he's
text: been shot in the shoulder.
scene_heading: BACK ON OUR HEROES -
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: This is it! DO OR DIE!
text: The villains form a line, bristling with pistols... as our
text: heroes, led by Sphinx, Shoveler, and Bowler come running
text: through the arch. The threesome go shoulder to shoulder (with
text: our other heroes right behind them) as the villains open
text: fire, laying down a deadly fusillade...
text: ON SHOVELER, BOWLER, AND SPHINX, standing together, deflecting
text: their bullets with shovel, bowling ball, and machete... (as
dialog: they practiced with pebbles at the farm)... with the Raja
text: right behind them, hurling silverware...
text: ON THE VILLAINS, rapid firing... but their own bullets
text: ricochet back into them, dropping them... They start to fall
dialog: back.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE TOP OF THE TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: Casanova is about to finish Monica.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
text: And the light goes out...
speaker_heading: FURIOUS (O.S.)
dialog: Frankenstein!
text: Casanova turns and sees... Furious, standing on the balcony.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Roy... What took you so long?
text: Furious starts at Casanova, who aims Anabel's pistol at him.
text: Furious hesitates.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Let me guess... Bullets don't hurt
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: They hurt... BUT THEY DON'T STOP ME!
text: Furious lunges at Casanova -- who gets off a shot before
text: Furious grabs the gun out of his hand. Casanova ducks clear.
text: Furious tosses the pistol away... then realizes he's bleeding
text: from a shoulder wound.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Smarts, doesn't it?... Shall we dance?
text: He turns on his stereo and the sound of DISCO MUSIC fills
dialog: the air...
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN THE TWO FIGHTS - CONTINUOUS
text: Downstairs, the villains have regrouped.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Let's rush 'em!
text: They charge en mass at our heroes... who are waiting for
text: them... pinching their noses closed, the Spleen bent over at
dialog: their forefront...
text: While Casanova dances around Furious like a cat... Furious,
text: fighting the pain of his bullet wound, lunges at him, and
text: Casanova neatly sidesteps him...
text: The crooks and Disco Boys fall back, gasping, choking in the
dialog: noxious fumes...
text: As Casanova attacks...
text: Advancing shoulder to shoulder, fighting as a team, our heroes
text: wield machete, fork, shovel, bowling ball, and canned
dialog: tornado... forcing the villains back...
text: Casanova comes at Furious relentlessly, kicking and
text: spinning... and Furious gets the worst of it.
text: Suddenly, a squad of Disco Boys comes charging at our heroes
text: from the flank... but Doc Heller turns to face them, shrinker
text: spray held Rambo-style on his hip. He lets them have it,
text: blasting them with a DENSE BLUE SPRAY...
text: When the spray clears, the D Boys lie squirming on the floor,
text: prisoners in their now child sized disco suits...
speaker_heading: DISCO BOYS
dialog: Help!... Get me out of this!
speaker_heading: (Etc.)
text: Upstairs, Casanova pummels Furious...
text: While, downstairs, the Shoveler dispatches the Elvis Brothers
text: with some nifty shovel work... But suddenly, the Bland Boys,
text: pistols blazing, are advancing on him, forcing him back
text: against the base of a sculpture.
text: But the Raja suddenly leaps up onto the sculpture.
speaker_heading: RAJA (O.S.)
dialog: Gentlemen!
text: The Bland Boys look up and see... the Raja, both hands filled
text: with silverware... which he HURLS...
text: A beat later the Bland Boys, bristling with forks and
text: grapefruit spoons, run screaming through the sculptures...
text: as Tony P, pistol in hand, skulks out from behind a sculpture
dialog: and spots... the Bowler.
text: Upstairs, Furious goes flying against a wall...
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Roy, you're making this too easy.
text: As Tony P takes a careful bead on the Bowler.
speaker_heading: TONY P
dialog: Say hello to Daddy for me!
text: He opens fire, but she goes instantly into her ball swinging
dialog: frenzy...
text: He fires, missing -- she's too fast to keep a bead on...
text: Finally, his gun clicks empty. She turns and faces him.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Daddy says hello.
text: She HURLS the ball at him -- like a fiery softball pitch.
speaker_heading: BALL'S POV -
text: going straight for Tony P's SCREAMING head...
text: ON THE BOWLER, watching -- as Tony's scream is cut short by
text: a gruesome thud.
text: Back upstairs Casanova comes at Furious again... but Furious
text: ducks the kick, pops back up and smashes Casanova with his
text: good arm... sending him flying across the room... Casanova
text: recovers.
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: Let's change the tune.
text: He reaches into his pocket and takes out the remote device
text: (that Anabel used at the luncheon). He presses a button...
text: ON THE WOLF SCULPTURE as the jaws open, its eyes glow red...
text: and the dreadful sound of the Psychostridulator grinds up
text: and FILLS THE NIGHT AIR LIKE A SIREN.
text: Downstairs, the foul noise fills the room and our heroes and
text: the villains all go into a full blown psychotic episode...
text: The villains start shooting and stabbing each other.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - AROUND THE CITY - CONTINUOUS
text: On Main Street cars slam into each other. Pedestrians start
text: screaming and fighting... A man and his dog snarl and snap
dialog: at each other...
text: The Customers at the Lakeside Diner go insane, hurling plates
dialog: and food...
text: At the Shoveler's house the kids turn psycho in front of the
dialog: television...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON A TYPICAL SUBURBAN NEIGHBORHOOD -
text: as the sounds of screaming and smashing dishes and furniture
text: can be heard coming from all the houses...
scene_heading: LONG ANGLE OF CHAMPION CITY -
text: as a din of collective insanity rises up from the city...
scene_heading: BACK TO THE TOP OF THE TOWER - CONTINUOUS - ON CASANOVA
text: in full psychotic ecstasy...
speaker_heading: CASANOVA
dialog: WHAT A RUSH!
dialog: (tosses the remote
dialog: off the balcony)
text: ON MONICA, still motionless on the bed...
text: Casanova and Furious collide in the center of the room and
text: grapple in a contest of psychotically enhanced superhuman
text: strength... Casanova gets his hands around Furious's throat
text: and crushes it... Furious drops to his knees, and Casanova
text: thinks he's got him. But Furious, grimacing with rage, looks
text: him right in the eye.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: (raspy voiced)
dialog: Is... that... all you got?
text: Furious grabs Casanova's wrists... and crushes them. Casanova
text: howls with pain, loses his grip. Furious slugs him, again
text: and again... then he grabs Casanova by the belt, swings him
text: around, and HURLS him into the air...
text: Casanova CRASHES into the huge crystal chandelier -- there
text: is an explosion of crystal and glass. Furious averts his
text: eyes as cut glass rains down all around him... then he looks
dialog: up and sees...
text: Casanova's gold chain has hooked onto a fixture of the
text: chandelier.
text: Casanova kicks and flails... as he is hanged by the neck on
dialog: his own gold chain...
text: Furious moves to the wolf sculpture. Be PLUNGES HIS HAND
text: through its bronze casing, and RIPS OUT the heart of the
text: Psychostridulator, a flashing football sized device that
text: gives off an unamplified, but higher pitched and more
dialog: irritating sound...
text: Furious HURLS the device hard against the floor, and it
text: smashes into a thousand pieces...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ONE OF THE PIECES -
text: In insect sized device that gives off an even higher pitched,
text: even more disorienting sound. This is the very nerve center
dialog: of the Psychostridulator...
text: Furious lifts his foot and crushes it hard under his heel...
text: SILENCE...
text: Furious drops to his knees, wounded, exhausted... He looks
text: up... at Casanova, who dangles lifelessly off the
dialog: chandelier...
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Nice dancing with you.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - VARIOUS LOCATIONS - CONTINUOUS
text: as our other heroes return to their senses amidst the
text: vanquished crooks... the traumatized remnants of whom run
dialog: for it. Things also return to normal...
text: On the street...
text: At the Lakeside Diner...
dialog: And at the Shoveler's house...
scene_heading: BACK TO THE TOP OF THE TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: Furious moves to the bed, where Monica lies motionless and
dialog: pale...
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Monica...
text: He touches her face, her eyes open, and she looks at him.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: You're beautiful when you're angry.
text: He takes her tenderly in his arm... as the Raja, the Shoveler
text: and the others rush into the room and see... Furious and
text: Monica embracing.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE FRANKENSTEIN CENTER - A LITTLE LATER
text: Police cars and news vans arrive... as our heroes, battered,
text: wounded, but victorious walk proudly down the long stairs...
text: Furious and Monica hold each other up. Wounded Invisible Boy
text: has his arm around the Spleen... while policemen and news
text: people run up the stairs past them into the center, ignoring
dialog: them as always...
dialog: But this time our heroes could care less. They are
dialog: superheroes, and they don't give a damn who knows it.
scene_heading: INT. THE RAJA'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: as the Raja opens the door and enters...
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Mama!
text: She is there, waiting up for him.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: I'm home.
text: They embrace.
scene_heading: INT. SHOVELER'S HOUSE - NIGHT - CLOSE ON A TV SCREEN
text: Don Stouffer is reporting.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Few details have emerged...
text: ON THE SHOVELER'S KIDS, on the couch, still rattled by their
text: psychotic episode, glued to the TV -
speaker_heading: DON (O.S.)
dialog: ...but the Dawn Patrol got this
dialog: exclusive interview with two of the
dialog: suspects.
dialog: ON THE TV -
text: Dawn Wong interviews the battered, handcuffed Elvis Brothers
text: as they are led away...
speaker_heading: ELVIS BROTHER 1
dialog: I don't know who those guys were --
dialog: but I never want to see 'em again.
speaker_heading: ELVIS BROTHER 2
dialog: Especially that big dude with the
dialog: shovel...
speaker_heading: ELVIS BROTHER 1
dialog: (near tears)
dialog: He was the worst!
text: ON THE KIDS' COLLECTIVE REACTION as they realize who it was...
text: and then they hear the front door open...
text: In the front hall the Shoveler enters wearily; his shoulder
text: hurts, his back is killing him... as his kids come running
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Dad!... Dad!... You okay?... You
dialog: hurt?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: (shocked by this
dialog: welcome)
dialog: I'm okay -- I'm all right.
speaker_heading: EDDIE JR.
dialog: Lean on me, Dad.
speaker_heading: LENORE
dialog: I'll hold your shovel, Dad.
text: They lead him back into the living room, and give him the
text: prime spot on the couch.
speaker_heading: BUTCH
dialog: You want a soda, Dad?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Okay.
text: He runs to get it as Eddie Jr. slides a footstool under his
text: feet and Tracy puts a pillow behind his back. Roland, the
text: little one, cuddles up next to him, puts his arm around him.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Nice work. Dad.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Thanks, Roland.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: You really are a superhero, aren't
dialog: you?
text: The Shoveler nods. A few minutes later... The Shoveler sits
text: on the couch, feet up, soda in hand. The television is off.
text: His kids all huddled around him, hanging on his every word.
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: And that's when the engine blew up.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Whoa...
speaker_heading: BUTCH
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Well...
text: ON LUCILLE as she comes in and sees... her husband surrounded
text: by his kids, a happy man at last.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE DINER - THE NEXT NIGHT - ESTABLISHING
scene_heading: INT. THE DINER - CONTINUOUS - ON THE SPLEEN
text: sitting between the Bowler and a bandaged Invisible Boy. The
text: Bowler has her arm chummily around the Spleen's shoulder.
text: The Spleen finally has real friends. Doc Heller discusses
text: the art of fork throwing with the Raja as the Shoveler listens
text: in. The Sphinx sits at the end of the table, silent.
speaker_heading: DOC HELLER
dialog: So you're never actually conscious
dialog: of range or trajectory?
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Heck no. I just chuck 'em.
text: Monica (in her waitress outfit) sits close to a bandaged
dialog: Mister Furious.
dialog: ON THE TV -
text: Dawn Wong reports.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: It's been twenty-four hours since
text: the deadly psycho-sonic attack and
dialog: bloody shoot-out that left Casanova
dialog: Frankenstein and dozen of the city's
dialog: top hoodlums dead... But tonight the
dialog: question remains... Who were these
dialog: heroic mystery men who saved our
dialog: city?...
scene_heading: ON OUR HEROES -
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Could have been anybody.
text: They laugh.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Wait a minute... That's it. That's
dialog: our name. We're... the Mystery Men.
text: They all like it, except for the Bowler.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Hey, do I look like a Man?
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: Well we can't call ourselves the
dialog: Mystery People.
speaker_heading: SPLEEN
dialog: (singing, ala "Macho
dialog: Man")
dialog: Mystery, Mystery Man... I want to be
dialog: a Mystery Man...
speaker_heading: SHOVELER & RAJA
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Eat your mustard.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: It doesn't matter what we call
dialog: ourselves. We know who we are.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: Yes, Obie-wan.
speaker_heading: INVISIBLE BOY
dialog: Hey... he's gone.
text: The others see... that the Sphinx's chair is empty. Raja
text: spots a crumpled napkin on the table, opens it up, and reads.
speaker_heading: RAJA
dialog: "Until you need me again... Adios."
text: A silence... Reactions from our heroes as they realize that
text: the Sphinx is gone...
speaker_heading: SHOVELER
dialog: I miss him already.
text: Suddenly, somewhere in the night, a burst of gunfire and
text: screams are heard. THE FINAL MUSIC BEGINS...
speaker_heading: FURIOUS
dialog: Amigos, duty calls.
text: The Mystery Men wolf their burgers, then stand and start for
dialog: the street...
text: As Monica watches them leave, a PATRON asks her:
speaker_heading: PATRON
dialog: Miss... who are those guys?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I don't know.
scene_heading: JUST OUTSIDE THE DINER - A MOMENT LATER
text: HEROIC GROUP SHOT as the Mystery Men march down the middle
text: of street, toward the sound of the gunfire... and into the
dialog: night.
text: THEME AND CREDITS...
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
