speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: A
dialog: Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Stanley Kubrick
dialog: September 29,
dialog: 1969
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM CORSICA - NIGHT
text: A well worn teddy-bear is cradled in the arms of Napoleon,
text: age 4, who dreamily sucks his thumb, listening to a bedtime
text: story told by his young mother, Letizia. His 5-year old
text: brother, Joseph, is already asleep, beside him.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon was born at Ajaccio in
dialog: Corsica on August 15th, 1769. He
dialog: had not been a healthy baby and his
dialog: mother, Letizia, lavished him with
dialog: care and devotion. In middle age,
dialog: he would write about her from St.
dialog: Helena.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: My mother has always loved me. She
dialog: would do anything for me.
speaker_heading: MAIN TITLES
scene_heading: INT. DORMITORY BRIENNE - NIGHT
text: It is still dark on a freezing winter morning. The boys are
text: being awakened by a monk, loudly ringing a bell. Candles are
dialog: lit.
text: Napoleon, age 9, sun-tanned, leaps out of bed, rubbing his
text: arms and shivering. He tries to pour a pitcher of water,
text: discovering that it has frozen solid.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Who has been putting glass in my
dialog: pitcher? Look here, someone has
dialog: filled my pitcher with glass!
speaker_heading: DUFOUR
dialog: Oh, my goodness! Someone has
dialog: filled Bonaparte's pitcher with
dialog: glass. Now, who on earth would do a
dialog: thing like that?
speaker_heading: BREMOND
dialog: Oh, heavens, look someone has
dialog: filled my pitcher with glass too!
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: Silence! Silence! You should not
dialog: make fun of Monsieur Bonaparte, he
dialog: comes from a country where it is
dialog: never very cold. He has probably
dialog: never seen ice before.
speaker_heading: DUFOUR
dialog: Never seen ice before? Oh, dear me
dialog: -- how very odd.
text: The boys snicker. Napoleon glares at them.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: At the age of 9, Napoleon entered
dialog: the Royal Military College at
dialog: Brienne, in France, under a royal
dialog: scholarship. For the next five and
dialog: a half years, he would devote
dialog: himself to preparation for his
dialog: military career. These were harsh
dialog: and cheerless years for the lonely,
dialog: impoverished provincial, among
text: affluent French noblemen's sons.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM BRIENNE - DAY
text: A lovely, late-summer afternoon. A small group of boys, in
text: their school uniforms, are impatiently gathered around a
text: rough table, covered with stacks of thick bread and jam and
text: tin mugs of milk. The farmer's wife supervises things,
text: collecting a sou from each boy.
text: Napoleon, 9, stands apart from the group, drinking his milk,
text: a book under his arm, lost in thought, gazing across the
text: cornfield at the school buildings, which are beautifully
text: colored by the late sunlight.
speaker_heading: BREMOND
dialog: (overly cheerful)
dialog: Good afternoon, Bonaparte.
text: Napoleon ignores him.
speaker_heading: BREMOND
dialog: What are you reading?
text: No reply. Dufour moves behind Napoleon.
speaker_heading: BREMOND
text: (angling his head to read
dialog: the title)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: BREMOND (cont'd)
dialog: Dear me, aren't we in an unfriendly
text: mood. Caesar's conquest of Gaul.
dialog: Aren't we terribly conscientious
dialog: about our studies? By the way, did
dialog: the supervisor give you permission
dialog: to take that book away from the
dialog: school grounds?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Fuck off, Bremond.
speaker_heading: BREMOND
dialog: Oh, my goodness. What language!
dialog: Did you learn that from your
dialog: mother, Bonaparte?
text: Bremond is 4 years older and much bigger than Napoleon.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Fuck off!
text: At this moment, Dufour gives him a violent bump from behind,
text: spilling milk all over his uniform and splattering the book.
speaker_heading: DUFOUR
dialog: Oh, goodness, my dear Bonaparte --
dialog: I am clumsy. Oh, and look at your
dialog: book!
text: Napoleon hurls the tin cup, with all his strength, at Dufour,
text: hitting him squarely on the forehead, with a resonant pon-
text: mnng! Napoleon leaps on Bremond, and the two boys go down in
text: a tangle of bread, jam and milk.
scene_heading: INT. MILITARY TAILOR - DAY
text: Napoleon, age 16, being fitted for his smart, 2nd
text: Lieutenant's uniform, studies himself in the full-length
dialog: mirror.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: At the age of 16, he graduated a
dialog: sub-lieutenant from the Royal
dialog: Military School in Paris, and was
dialog: posted to the crack regiment de la
text: Fere, at Valence.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRING RANGE - DAY
text: Artillery firing range. A hot summer morning. Napoleon is
text: part of a group of young officers loading and firing a
dialog: cannon.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The practical professional training
dialog: that Napoleon would receive for the
dialog: next three years would give hima
dialog: working knowledge of all arms, and
text: expose him to the advanced military
dialog: ideas of du Teil, Bourcet and
dialog: Guibert.
scene_heading: EXT. DRILL FIELD - DAY
text: A calm, winter day, snow on the ground. Napoleon and group
text: go through the ordered drill of loading and firing a musket.
text: Their targets are painted figures of soldiers.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY
text: The edge of a wood near Valence. A windy, spring day.
text: Napoleon and nine other young officers are gathered around a
text: leathery-looking Captain with steel spectacles, who is
text: instructing them in the art of map reading. The map, about
text: four feet wide, is flapping noisily in the heavy gusts of
text: wind, despite the four pairs of knees and hands struggling to
text: hold it flat against the ground.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Napoleon's room at Valence. It is filled with books, mostly
text: of military subjects, but well-stocked with poetry, history
text: and philosophy. He is reading by candlelight. Outside we
text: hear the sounds of revelry produced by less conscientious
dialog: officers.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: His moods at this time were complex
dialog: and varied.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: Life is a burden for me. Nothing
dialog: gives me any pleasure; I find only
dialog: sadness in everything around me.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: It is very difficult because the
dialog: ways of those with whom I live, and
dialog: probably always shall live, are as
dialog: different from mine as moonlight is
dialog: from sunlight.
scene_heading: INT. INN - NIGHT
text: Napoleon, 17, the youngest of a group of a dozen officers who
text: are seated around a table in the local inn, drinking and
dialog: singing songs.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAWN
text: It is a hazy, summer dawn. Napoleon, 17, and Caroline
text: Columbier, a lovely young girl of 15, walk together in a
text: forest. They occasionally stop to pick cherries. It is a
text: scene of pre-Raphaelite innocence and beauty -- the young
text: officer, smartly uniformed, the innocent girl in a flowing
text: white dress.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: He made friends with a family
dialog: called Columbier, and would later
dialog: write of his first flirtation with
dialog: their daughter, Caroline.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: It will scarcely be considered
dialog: credible, perhaps, but our whole
dialog: business consisted in eating
text: cherries together.
scene_heading: EXT. LYON STREET - NIGHT
text: It is a witheringly cold winter night, in Lyon. People,
text: bundled up to the eyes, hurry along the almost deserted
text: street, past empty cafes which are still open.
text: Napoleon, hands deep in his pockets, shoulders hunched
text: against the cold, passes a charming, young street-walker,
text: about his own age. He stops and looks at her, uncertainly.
text: A large snowflake lands on her nose which makes him smile.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Good evening, sir.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Good evening, Mademoiselle.
dialog: She is sweet.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: The weather is terrible, isn't it,
dialog: sir?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes, it is. It must be one of the
dialog: worst nights we have had this
dialog: winter.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Yes, it must be.
text: Napoleon is at a loss for conversation.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You must be chilled to the bone,
text: standing out of doors like this.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Yes, I am, sir.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Then what brings you out on such a
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Well, one must do something to
dialog: live, you know -- and I have an
dialog: elderly mother who depends on me.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Oh, I see... That must be a great
dialog: burden.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: One must take life as it comes --
dialog: do you live in Lyon, sir?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: No, I'm only here on leave. My
dialog: regiment is at Valence.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Are you staying with a friend, sir?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: No... I have a... room... at the
dialog: Hotel de Perrin.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Is it a nice warm room, sir?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Well, it must be a good deal warmer
dialog: than it is here on the street.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Would you like to take me there, so
dialog: that we can get warm, sir?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Uh-hh... yes, of course -- if you
dialog: would like to go... there... but...
dialog: I have very little money.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Do you have three francs, sir?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Napoleon's cheap hotel room is only slightly warmer than the
text: street. A candle flickers in the draft, and the driving snow
text: forms a lovely vignettes on the window panes.
text: Napoleon sits fully dressed, still wrapped in his coat,
text: scarf, gloves and hat, watching the girl hurriedly
text: undressing, shivering, teeth chattering, and diving into the
text: ice-cold bed.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Br-rrr, these sheets are like ice.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry about that.
text: The girl shivers and waits for him to follow her into bed. He
text: doesn't move.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Lisette.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Only Lisette?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Lisette La Croix.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: That's a very nice name. Where are
dialog: you from?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Please, sir, come into bed or I
dialog: shall die of a chill.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Oh, yes... of course.
text: He stands and blows out the candle.
scene_heading: TITLE: 1789 - REVOLUTION
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - DAY
text: It is jammed with 300 peasants and town workers. Many are
text: women, Monsieur Varlac, the revolutionary leader, stands on a
text: cart flanked by a small Revolutionary Committee. He is
text: muscular, bald man in his forties, wearing glasses.
text: Behind him, we see six severed heads, stuck on pikes.
speaker_heading: VARLAC
dialog: Citizens, word has come from Paris
dialog: that the foul prison of the
text: Bastille has been captured.
dialog: (cheers )
text: That its Governor's head is up on a
dialog: pike.
dialog: (cheers )
text: All Paris is now in the hands of
dialog: its people.
dialog: (cheers )
dialog: Soon all France will be in the
dialog: hands of its people.
dialog: (cheers )
text: As the cheers die down, we hear the
text: sounds of a solitary
text: drum and marching men. All eyes turn to the appearance of a
text: column of 25 French troops, led by Napoleon on a horse and a
text: single drummer, marching into the town square in a column of
dialog: threes.
text: Napoleon halts them just inside the square, and rides
text: forward, alone, into the huge crowd, who gives way for his
text: horse. He stops about 10 feet from Varlac's cart. The man
text: of the people stands, hands on hips, glaring at Napoleon, who
text: is now completely surrounded by the crowd. Varlac and his
text: committee converse in whispers.
speaker_heading: VARLAC
dialog: Good day to our brothers-in-arms.
dialog: Have you come to join us?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I am looking for Monsieur George
text: Varlac who resides in the Rue de
dialog: Frelicot. Do you know him,
dialog: monsieur?
speaker_heading: VARLAC
dialog: Very well, Citizen Lieutenant. You
dialog: have come to the right place, for I
dialog: am Citizen Varlac.
text: The crowd laughs in an ugly way.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Contrary to what you have been
dialog: telling these good people, Monsieur
dialog: Varlac, France is still in the
dialog: hands of its proper authorities,
dialog: and they have sent me here with a
dialog: warrant for your arrest. You are
dialog: charged with the murder of
dialog: Monseigneur de Bouchy and his son,
text: and the burning of his chateau.
text: Varlac whispers to several of the men standing around him.
text: One of them disagrees and forcefully shakes his head.
speaker_heading: VARLAC
dialog: A revolution is not a polite
dialog: discussion in a parlor, Citizen
dialog: Lieutenant. One does not call it
dialog: murder to kill such vermin.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (speaking for the crowd)
dialog: You may save your philosophy for
dialog: the magistrate, Monsieur Varlac. I
dialog: am only a simple officer in the
dialog: army, and to me what you have done
dialog: is called murder, and his always
dialog: been called murder by honest men.
speaker_heading: VARLAC
dialog: Then do you propose to arrest all
dialog: of us, Citizen Lieutenant? For I
dialog: was not there alone.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: No, Monsieur Varlac, my warrant is
dialog: only for you. Now, will you please
dialog: come down at once. You will be
text: taken back to Chalon for trial.
text: Varlac and his committee talk in agitated whispers.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: VARLAC
dialog: Citizen Lieutenant, my advice is to
dialog: leave this town at once with your
dialog: men. We do not wish to do harm to
dialog: our brothers in uniform.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Monsieur Varlac, do not pretend to
dialog: speak for these good people whom
dialog: you have misled and inflamed with
dialog: violent speech. Now, I order you
text: to come down from the cart.
text: Another whispered conference.
speaker_heading: VARLAC
dialog: I do not recognize the authority of
dialog: the King or any of his lackeys.
text: Laughter from the crowd.
speaker_heading: VARLAC
dialog: I suggest that you leave with your
dialog: men while you can.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (drawing his pistol)
dialog: Monsieur Varlac, I will count
dialog: slowly to five, and if you have not
text: begun to get down from the cart by
dialog: then, I will carry out your
text: execution, on the spot.
text: Without giving Varlac time for further discussion, he begins
dialog: the count.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: One... Two... Three...
text: Several of the committee move away from Varlac.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Four... This is your last chance,
dialog: Monsieur Varlac.
text: Varlac is frightened, but make an obscene gesture. The crowd
text: laughs nervously.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Five...
text: Napoleon rides up to the cart, carefully aims his revolver
text: and shoots Varlac in the head. His entourage leaps to
dialog: safety.
dialog: 11.
text: A gasp of astonishment from the stunned crowd, who stand
text: hypnotized.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: A confessed murderer has just been
dialog: shot. Now, let all honest men
dialog: return to their homes.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. TUILERIES PALACE - DAY
text: A mob of several thousand have broken in and forced Louis
text: XVI, Marie-Antoinette and their children out onto a balcony.
text: Derisive cheers come from the multitude in the courtyard
text: below. A dozen or so men of the revolution have crowded out
text: on to the balcony, pressing the King and Queen on all sides.
text: No one seems to know what to do next. Louis XVI gives a half-
text: hearted wave to the crowd.
text: A bottle of champagne and some glasses are brought out. Two
text: glasses are courteously handed to the Royal couple. The
text: revolutionaries raise their glasses. The King and the Queen
text: drink with them. This creates an uproar of approval from the
dialog: crowd.
text: Then one of the men pulls off his dirty, red stocking cap and
text: offers it to the King. Louis XVI stands and looks at it
text: blankly. The revolutionary reaches over and puts it on his
text: head. The crowd cheers.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Incredible... Incredible... How
dialog: could he let that rabble into the
dialog: Palace? If he had ridden out among
dialog: them on a white horse, they would
dialog: all have gone home. If he lacked
dialog: the courage to do that, a whiff of
dialog: grapeshot -- and they would still
dialog: be running.
scene_heading: EXT. VIEW OF TOULON - DAY
text: The harbor filled with British ships.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: In the summer of 1793, Civil war
dialog: swept through France, and the
dialog: important naval base at Toulon fell
text: into the hands of a Royalist
dialog: insurrection, which quickly handed
text: over the port to a combined British
dialog: and Spanish fleet.
scene_heading: EXT. TOULON HQ AREA - DAY
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: A French army of 10,000 was ordered
dialog: to retake the port, but its
dialog: commander, General Carteaux, a well-
dialog: known Parisian painter, had little
dialog: experience in war and the siege
text: quickly became a stalemate.
text: General Carteaux, a florid and moustached man in his late
text: thirties, painting from life, a group of French soldiers,
text: posed in a patriotic tableau, their eyes fixed on a distant
dialog: vision of glory.
text: In the background, are the tents and the military bustle of
text: Carteaux's headquarters, set upon a hill overlooking the
dialog: harbor of Toulon.
scene_heading: EXT. TOULON ROAD - DAY
text: A smart French honor guard and military band is assembled
text: outside General Carteaux's headquarters for the arrival of
text: Paul Barras, Deputy from the Committee of Public Safety.
text: Barras exits his carriage, accompanied by four foppish aides
text: and embraces General Carteaux.
text: Barras is a virile, handsome, bisexual man with elegant
dialog: manners of the Ancien Regime.
text: Napoleon is an onlooker with other officers.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Paul Francois Nicolas Barras,
dialog: former Viscount, now Citizen Deputy
dialog: from the Committee of Public
dialog: Safety, had been sent from Paris to
dialog: personally report on the failure of
dialog: the Siege.
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. TOULON HQ TENT - DAY
text: A large table has been set up in the middle of the tent, at
text: which are seated Paul Barras, his four civilian aides and 7
dialog: generals.
text: Set up at one end of the table is a large military map of
text: Toulon, pinned to a board.
text: Standing back from the table, and ranging along the walls of
text: the tent, are 30 junior officers, the staff and aides of the
text: generals seated.
text: Napoleon, now a captain of artillery, is with that group.
text: Barras slowly squares up a stack of reports before him and
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: Citizen generals, I have read all
dialog: your reports and noted your
dialog: signatures. In substance, your
dialog: views are unanimous. The English
dialog: positions, defending Toulon, are
dialog: too strong to be taken by our
dialog: present force. The two
dialog: unsuccessful attacks to date would
dialog: appear to support your arguments.
text: He looks around the table.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: Citizen generals, it is no secret
dialog: with what displeasure the Committee
dialog: of Safety looks upon any lack of
dialog: patriotism or revolutionary zeal.
dialog: On the other hand, it obviously
dialog: does not wish to indulge in a
dialog: futile waste of life. Before I
dialog: send your reports to Paris for the
dialog: Committee's review, together with
dialog: my opinion, I should like to give
dialog: you a final opportunity to present
dialog: any new ideas which you may have
dialog: developed since writing these
dialog: reports.
text: There is troubled silence, but the generals stand pat.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CARTEAUX
dialog: Citizen Barras, since there does
dialog: not seem to have been any new
dialog: thoughts among us, may we know the
dialog: opinion which you, yourself, have
dialog: formed?
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: General Carteaux, my report on the
dialog: conduct of this campaign will go in
text: writing to the committee.
text: An awkward silence.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Excuse me, Citizen Barras.
text: All eyes go to Napoleon.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: Yes -- who spoke up?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I did, sir.
text: Napoleon speaks with the uncomfortable yet determined manner
dialog: that shy but willful people often exhibit.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: Yes, Captain? Have you anything
dialog: you wish to say?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (clearing his throat)
dialog: Yes, with all due respect, I do
dialog: Citizen Barras.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: May I come to the map?
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MAP
dialog: Napoleon's plan for the capture of
text: Toulon. Explaining
text: with narration how, rather than trying to capture the town by
dialog: storm, it is, instead, only necessary to capture Fort
text: Eguillette, a promontory of land from which French batteries
dialog: would command the inner and outer harbors of the port, making
text: them untenable to the English fleet, and quickly leading to
text: the fall of the city.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT EGUILLETTE - DAY
text: A cold December day. The French tricolor is being raised
text: atop the main battery position on Fort Eguillette, a flat
text: area atop a hill, fortified with planks of wood and
text: wickerwork.
text: French gunners have already swung a few pieces of artillery
text: to face the harbor and fire on the English ships, now well
dialog: within range.
text: Napoleon wheels around on a white horse, shouting orders -- a
text: bloody bandage wrapped around his thigh. The wounded of both
text: sides are being cared for.
scene_heading: EXT. TOULON FIELD - DAY
text: A fine, winter day in a field near the military barracks of
text: Toulon. Several hundred troops have been drawn up to form an
dialog: honor guard for the presentation of Napoleon's commission as
text: Brigadier General. Spectators stand under the bare trees,
text: and little boys watch from atop an embankment.
text: Barras presents Napoleon with his commission and a fraternal
text: embrace. The band strikes up.
text: Napoleon's mother watches from a small wooden reviewing stand
text: which has been prepared for local dignitaries and officers.
scene_heading: INT. PARIS OFFICE - DAY
text: Robespierre lies severely wounded on a conference table, amid
text: a disarray of papers, surrounded but ignored by his captors
text: who lounge about, seated on chairs, waiting to be told what
dialog: to do next.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: In July of 1794, the death of
dialog: Robespierre ended the Reign of
text: Terror and sent Paris headlong into
text: a lavish whirl of pleasure seeking
text: and sensuality, as if it were
dialog: necessary to shake off the
dialog: nightmare and make up for lost
dialog: time.
scene_heading: INT. BARRAS SALON - NIGHT
text: A large, elegant salon in the house of Paul Barras, in Paris.
text: There are ten card tables set up in the room, around which
dialog: are gathered the elite of the new society;
dialog: 16.
text: politicians, immensely rich war contractors, high ranking
text: army officers and government officials.
text: Many of the women are extremely beautiful, and display their
text: breast completely uncovered, in the fashion of the day.
text: Napoleon is one of the few guests not playing cards; he has
text: no money. I11 at ease, he drifts from table to table, hands
text: clasped behind his back.
text: Josephine de Beauharnais is the most beautiful of all the
text: women in the room. Napoleon settles at her table, rocking
text: slowly on his heels. She plays for very high stakes and is
text: losing gracefully. She glances up, distracted momentarily by
text: his rocking, but her look lasts no longer than the flick of a
dialog: card.
text: But Napoleon notices her annoyance and moves off to the bar,
text: at one end of the room. The bartender, a friendly creep,
text: stands alone.
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: Yes, sir?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: A glass of champagne, please.
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: (pouring)
dialog: Yes, sir. I hope you will excuse
dialog: me for asking, General Bonaparte,
dialog: but are you Corsican?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes, I am.
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: I thought so, I noticed your name
dialog: when you were announced. I'm
dialog: Corsican too -- my name is Arena.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (starting to move away)
dialog: Oh -- where do you come from?
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: Bastia -- and you?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Ajaccio.
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: Have you been back recently?
dialog: 17.
text: The bartender just manages to keep the conversation going.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I haven't been there for three
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: I haven't been back for ten years.
dialog: Is your family still there?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: No, they're living in Nice now.
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: That's a nice city. This is your
dialog: first time here, isn't it?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes, as a matter of fact, it is.
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: You don't know many of Citizen
dialog: Barras' friends, do you?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Ah-hh, no.
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: I thought not. I noticed you by
dialog: yourself, all night.
text: Napoleon nods, sips his champagne and starts to move away.
text: The Corsican leans forward and speaks in a confidential
text: whisper, scanning the room with a deadpan expression.
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: Just a minute, General. Listen,
dialog: don't let them fool you with all
dialog: their grand la-de-da. They've all
dialog: made their money from the war --
dialog: mostly from crooked war contracts.
dialog: They say Citizen Barras has put
dialog: away millions.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: I see...
text: The Corsican whispers without any facial expression, hardly
text: moving his lips, without any sense of malice, but more with a
dialog: kind of shrewd respect for the big-shots, and a satisfaction
dialog: of being in on the know.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: And they say something else about
dialog: him. They say he never goes to bed
dialog: with less than two at a time -- two
dialog: at a time, and they say it doesn't
dialog: make a lot of difference to him
dialog: which sex they are, if you follow
dialog: my meaning, sir.
text: Napoleon nods, awkwardly, and leaves the bar.
speaker_heading: CORSICAN
dialog: Have a nice evening, General.
text: Barras enters the room, stops in the doorway.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: My friends, dinner will be ready in
dialog: half an hour. Please make your
text: plays accordingly.
text: His announcement draws only some mock cheers with low murmurs
text: from the losers. He comes up behind Josephine and kisses her
text: on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: (softly)
dialog: How is your luck, darling?
text: Josephine slowly fans her cards to see the draw.
scene_heading: INT. BARRAS' MUSIC ROOM - NIGHT
text: Later in the evening, the guests are now assembled in chairs,
text: grouped in a semi-circle around two raised rostrums -- one is
text: really more of a small stage. The smaller rostrum supports a
text: string quartet playing Mozart. The larger one is empty.
text: Napoleon sits at the back of the room, still alone and
dialog: awkward.
text: Servants snuff out the candles, leaving only the empty stage
text: illuminated.
text: It begins to look like a musical evening until the entrance
text: onto the stage of three very attractive girls, dressed in
text: heavy winter costumes.
text: The three "actresses" begin to talk about being snowbound in
text: a desolate cabin, when their conversation is interrupted by
text: the entrance of three young desperados.
dialog: 19.
text: The purpose of this entertainment quickly reveals itself as
text: the young men proceed to strip off the girls' clothing and
dialog: have intercourse with them.
text: The distinguished audience sits coolly appreciative of the
dialog: "sextet."
text: Napoleon, still the provincial, can scarcely believe his
text: eyes.
text: Josephine, seated next to Barras, watches the proceedings, an
text: imperturbable study of elegance and charm. Barras takes her
text: hand and smiles at her. She whispers something to him and he
text: nods, gravely.
scene_heading: EXT. PARIS STREET - DAY
text: A mob, carrying royalist signs, is jammed into a side street,
text: their exit barred by a few hundred government troops. Things
text: have come to a standstill, and the front ranks of the
text: opposing forces have begun to exchange crude, but not
text: unfriendly, jokes.
text: A table and two chairs, from a nearby cafe, have been placed
text: in the middle of the street, dividing the two groups. Seated
text: at it are General Danican, the emigre leader of the mob, and
text: General Menou, his government opposite number. Danican is
text: reading over some handwritten sheets of paper which represent
text: an improvised treaty between the two forces. General Menou
text: sips a cup of coffee, looking worried and uncertain.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: A new political crisis was brewing
dialog: in Paris. The moderate government
dialog: of the Convention, which came to
dialog: power after the fall of
dialog: Robespierre, soon showed itself to
dialog: be inept, corrupt and unpopular --
dialog: and it was now faced with a serious
text: challenge from the royalists.
dialog: General Menou, sent out to deal
text: with the mob, lost his nerve and
dialog: agreed to withdraw his troops from
dialog: the Section.
scene_heading: EXT. PARIS STREET - NIGHT
text: It is the same evening. Napoleon, Junot and Marmont stand in
text: a crowd, listening to a Royalist speaker, who stands atop a
text: wagon, against a carefully painted sign, illuminated by
text: torches, reading "Long Live the King."
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: ROYALIST SPEAKER
dialog: Citizens of Paris, this morning,
dialog: the troops of the Convention, under
dialog: orders to sweep us from the
dialog: streets, gave way before our
text: victorious banners.
dialog: (cheers )
dialog: Their officers knew they would not
dialog: fire upon us. Citizens of Paris,
dialog: nothing can stop us now. We are
dialog: strong. Tomorrow morning, we will
dialog: occupy the Convention itself, and
dialog: we will exterminate the
text: hypocritical parasites who have
dialog: bled France without pity.
dialog: (cheers )
dialog: Long Live the King!
scene_heading: INT. BARRAS' OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Barras' office in the Tuileries. The room is lit by candles.
text: Barras is in a terrible state, ashen from fear and lack of
dialog: sleep.
text: Napoleon enters. Barras rises from his desk and comes
text: forward to greet him.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: Ah, my dear friend, come in, come
dialog: in. Please sit down.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I'm sorry, I was at the theater and
dialog: I didn't receive your note until I
dialog: returned to my hotel.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: Thank you for coming. Would you
dialog: care for a drink?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: No, thank you.
text: Barras shakily pours a large brandy for himself, speaking in
text: subdued and apprehensive tones, frequently running his hands
text: through his hair.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: I don't have to tell you of our
dialog: latest difficulties.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Things are quite serious, I should
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: We expect an attack on the
dialog: Convention tomorrow morning, at
dialog: daybreak, and I have been placed in
dialog: charge of its defense.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: What do you have in mind?
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: To be perfectly honest, I haven't
dialog: the vaguest idea.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: I don't even know whether a defense
dialog: is possible.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: What forces do you have at your
dialog: disposal?
speaker_heading: BARRAS
text: About 5,000 troops.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Cavalry?
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: The 21st Dragoons, about two or
text: three-hundred troopers.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Any cannon?
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: There are none here.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: Well, I believe there are at least
text: guns at Sablons.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You could have them here by
text: daybreak.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: Is this enough to oppose 40,000
dialog: men?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Properly arranged, yes.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: These are odds of 8 to 1.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: The numbers are not particularly
dialog: relevant. You are not up against
dialog: soldiers -- this is a mob, and they
dialog: will run as soon as things become
dialog: sufficiently unpleasant.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: Would you be prepared to handle
dialog: this for me?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Are you proposing to transfer
dialog: command to me?
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: In every practical sense, yes, but,
dialog: officially, of course, I would have
dialog: to retain command.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Fair enough.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: I must be honest with you. I first
dialog: approached three generals more
dialog: senior than yourself, and they all
dialog: very prudently sent excuses.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I'm not insulted.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: You realize what is at stake?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Our lives, the revolution, my
dialog: career?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: BARRAS
dialog: Look, let me be completely open
dialog: with you, I have a carriage and an
dialog: escort waiting for me, and I have a
dialog: great deal of money outside of
dialog: France. Unless we stand a very good
dialog: chance of carrying this off, I am
dialog: prepared to call it quits right
dialog: now.
text: Napoleon puts his arms around Barras' shoulder.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Paul, everything will be all right.
scene_heading: EXT. PARIS STREET - DAY
text: Dreamlike, slow-motion shots of the cannon firing point blank
text: into the mob on the Rue St. Honore, outside the Convention.
text: They are devastated and there is immediate panic.
text: Murat's cavalry charges them, and the infantry follows with
text: fixed bayonets. There is no sound of the guns. The only
text: sound is Napoleon's calm voice:
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: I ordered the artillery to fire
text: ball immediately, instead of
text: blanks, because, to a mob, who are
dialog: ignorant of fire arms, it is the
dialog: worst possible policy to start out
text: firing blanks. When they first
text: hear the terrific noise of the
text: guns, they are frightened, but,
text: looking around them and seeing no
dialog: effect from the cannon, they pick
dialog: up their spirits, become twice as
text: insolent and rush on fearlessly.
dialog: It becomes necessary then to kill
dialog: ten times their number to make an
dialog: impression.
scene_heading: INT. NAPOLEON'S PARIS HQ - DAY
text: Napoleon's new plush headquarters in Paris. Pencil between
text: his teeth, dividers in one hand, he creeps around on hands
text: and knees on top of a very large map of Italy, laid out from
text: wall to wall. Other large maps cover the table, the couch
dialog: and any other available space.
dialog: 24.
text: Murat, Marmont, Junot and Berthier creep around with him,
dialog: working out various march routes. Appropriate ad lib
dialog: dialogue will cover the action.
text: At one point, Napoleon and Berthier bump heads.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The crisis was over, and the way
dialog: was paved for the formation of the
dialog: new government of the Directory,
text: with Barras at its head. Napoleon
dialog: was made Commander of the Army of
dialog: Italy.
text: There is a knock at the door.
speaker_heading: MARMONT
dialog: Come in.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Excuse me, Captain, but there is a
text: young man outside who wishes to see
dialog: General Bonaparte -- his name is
dialog: Eugene de Beauharnais.
speaker_heading: MARMONT
dialog: General Bonaparte is seeing no one
dialog: this morning.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: What did you say his name was?
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Eugene de Beauharnais.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Is he alone?
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Show him in.
text: The orderly shows Eugene into the room.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Citizen de Beauharnais.
dialog: 25.
text: Eugene is 16, handsome, well-mannered and extremely nervous.
text: Napoleon remains hunched over his map.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (after some silence)
dialog: Good morning, Citizen de
dialog: Beauharnais.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Good morning, sir. Are you General
dialog: Bonaparte?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I am, Citizen. Is your mother
dialog: Madame Josephine de Beauharnais?
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Yes, sir. Are you acquainted with
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I have met her. What is your
dialog: business with me?
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: I believe you issued an order that
dialog: all citizens of Paris must hand
dialog: over any weapons that they have in
dialog: their possession.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: That is correct.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: This morning, a Lieutenant and
dialog: three soldiers came to our house
dialog: and asked if we had weapons. I
dialog: explained we had only my late
dialog: father's sword, which, in fact, was
dialog: not a weapon but only a keepsake of
dialog: memory.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (marking the map)
dialog: A sword is a weapon whatever else
dialog: you might wish to use it for.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: I told the Lieutenant my late
dialog: father was General Alexander de
dialog: Beauharnais, and asked if there was
dialog: any consideration that might be
text: given to his memory.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: And he sent you to me?
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: He said no one had the authority to
dialog: rescind the order except you.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Does your mother know you have
dialog: come?
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Well, then, you have a lot of
dialog: initiative, my young friend.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: My father's sword means more to me
dialog: than any other possession I have.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You realize, of course, that
dialog: thousands of swords have been
dialog: collected. How do you expect me to
dialog: find yours?
text: Eugene removes a slip of paper from his pocket.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: The Lieutenant gave me a receipt
dialog: for it and said it would be kept at
dialog: the Section Le Pelletier Police
dialog: Barracks.
scene_heading: GARDEN - DAY
text: The garden at Josephine's house on Rue de Chanterine.
text: Napoleon enters, carrying a very strange-looking package,
text: wrapped in paper, about three-feet long, following Hortense
text: de Beauharnais, age 16.
speaker_heading: HORTENSE
dialog: Mama, this is General Bonaparte.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (bowing)
dialog: Madame de Beauharnais.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Ah, how nice to meet you, General
dialog: Bonaparte. One has read so much
dialog: about you lately. Please sit down.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Thank you, Madame de Beauharnais.
dialog: You probably don't recall but we
dialog: met briefly a few months ago, at a
text: party at Paul's house.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Oh... yes, of course! Have you met
dialog: my daughter, Hortense?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes, we introduced ourselves at the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: May I offer you a drink?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Oh, I don't want to put you to any
dialog: inconvenience.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Oh, it's not the slightest
dialog: inconvenience, General Bonaparte.
dialog: It is an honor to have you here.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You are very kind, Madame de
dialog: Beauharnais. Do you have some
dialog: sherry, perhaps?
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Yes, of course. Hortense, darling,
dialog: will you tell Louise to bring some
dialog: sherry?
speaker_heading: HORTENSE
dialog: Yes, mama. Will you excuse me,
dialog: General Bonaparte?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes, of course.
text: Hortense exits.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I hope you will forgive me for
dialog: barging in on you like this, Madame
dialog: de Beauharnais.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (cont'd)
dialog: I called to bring this to your son,
dialog: but I understand from your charming
dialog: daughter that he is out for the
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Yes, I'm afraid he is. I believe
dialog: he is riding. I know he'll be
dialog: heartbroken to have missed you.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Well, I'm sure that you will be
dialog: just as pleased to have this as he
dialog: will be.
text: Holding out the package.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: General Bonaparte, my curiosity is
dialog: unbearable. May I ask what you
dialog: have in that mysterious package?
text: Napoleon proudly unwraps the paper with a flourish and holds
text: the huge sword with both hands.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Your late husband's sword, Madame,
dialog: returned with my compliments.
text: The paper starts to blow away and Napoleon steps on it.
text: Josephine stares at the sword, blankly.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Oh... how very nice of you to bring
dialog: that for Eugene... Did General de
dialog: Beauharnais give it to you?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: No, I'm afraid I never had the
dialog: pleasure of meeting the General.
dialog: This sword was taken several days
dialog: ago from your son by some of my
dialog: soldiers.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Oh, you must forgive me, General
dialog: Bonaparte, I'm afraid you will
dialog: think me incredibly stupid but I
dialog: know absolutely nothing about this.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (cont'd)
dialog: Eugene is so independent -- he
dialog: hardly tells me anything any more,
dialog: and he has so many things in his
dialog: room, I must confess I wasn't even
dialog: aware that he had this sword -- you
dialog: know how boys can be!
text: They both laugh.
scene_heading: INT. JOSEPHINE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The candlelit, oval bedroom is completely encircled with
text: floor-to-ceiling mirrored panels, which multiply the erotic
text: images of Napoleon and Josephine, making love.
text: Napoleon's voice, reading the letter below, is heard over the
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: My dearest Josephine -- I awaken
dialog: full of you. Between your portrait
dialog: and the memory of our intoxicating
dialog: night, my senses have had no
text: respite. Sweet and incomparable
dialog: Josephine, what is this bizarre
dialog: effect you have upon my heart?
dialog: What if you were to by angry? What
dialog: if I were to see you sad or
dialog: troubled? Then my soul would be
dialog: shattered by distress. Then your
dialog: lover could find no peace, no rest.
dialog: But I find none, either, when I
text: succumb to the profound emotion
dialog: that overwhelms me, when I draw up
dialog: from your lips, from your heart, a
dialog: flame that consumes me. You will
dialog: be leaving the city at noon. But I
dialog: shall see you in three hours.
dialog: Until then, mio dolce amor, I send
dialog: you a thousand kisses -- but send
dialog: me none in return, for they set my
text: blood on fire.
scene_heading: INT. MAYOR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The marriage of Napoleon and Josephine -- a small private
text: civil ceremony in the Mayor's officer. The only guests are
text: Barras, Eugene, Hortense, Marmont and Junot.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (V.O.)
dialog: My dear Theresa -- I am being urged
dialog: to remarry.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: You have met General Bonaparte at
dialog: my house. Well, then, it is he who
dialog: wishes to serve as father to my
dialog: children. Do I love him? You are
dialog: going to ask me. Well, no. DoT,
dialog: then, find him unattractive?
dialog: Again, no -- but worse still, I
dialog: find myself in a state of
text: indifference, of lukewarmness.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: The Bonaparte kitchen in Marseilles. Letizia is cutting
text: vegetables with a knife, the sound of which allows a
text: disapproving punctuation of her silences.
text: The tap-tap-tapping of the knife dicing a carrot.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Mama, I'm sorry that I didn't write
dialog: to you about this, but I thought
dialog: that it would be much better to
dialog: tell you myself.
dialog: Tap, tap, tap.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Mama, I know that when you meet
dialog: her, you will love her as much as I
dialog: do.
dialog: Tap, tap, tap.
speaker_heading: NOTE
dialog: The following excerpts, from
dialog: Napoleon's letters to Josephine
dialog: will be read over the following
text: scenes, which follow after the text
text: of the letters. The visual will
dialog: show Josephine's affair with
dialog: Hippolyte Charles, and
text: Napoleon's life in camp and on the march. The letters are
text: presented uninterrupted by the scene descriptions, to
dialog: preserve there flow.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: My dearest Josephine, every moment
dialog: increases the distance between us,
dialog: and with every moment that passes I
dialog: feel myself less able to endure the
dialog: separation.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: You are the eternal object of my
dialog: thoughts, and my imagination
dialog: exhausts itself wondering what you
dialog: are doing.
dialog: * * *
dialog: By what magic have you captivated
dialog: all my faculties, concentrated in
dialog: yourself all my existence? It is a
dialog: kind of death, my darling, since
dialog: there is no survival for me except
dialog: in you.
dialog: * * *
dialog: I ask of you neither eternal love
dialog: nor fidelity, but only truth, utter
dialog: honesty. The day upon which you
dialog: should say "I love you less," would
dialog: be the last day of my love -- or
dialog: the last day of my life. And if I
dialog: should not die of sorrow, then, my
dialog: heart, maimed for life, would never
dialog: again trust itself to respond to
dialog: any sentiments of tenderness or
text: rapture.
dialog: * * *
dialog: You let many days go without
dialog: writing to me. What, then, are you
dialog: doing?
dialog: * * *
dialog: When you write, dearest, assure me
dialog: that you realize that I love you
dialog: with a love that is beyond the
dialog: limits of imagination. That you,
dialog: you alone, and all of you, as I see
dialog: you, as you are -- only you can
dialog: please me, absorb the faculties of
dialog: my soul; that there is no corner of
dialog: my heart into which you do not see,
dialog: no thought of mine which is not
dialog: subordinate to you. That my arms,
dialog: my strength, my mind are all yours.
dialog: That my soul lives in your body.
dialog: That the world is beautiful only
dialog: because you inhabit it.
dialog: * * *
dialog: No letters from you -- only once
dialog: every four days do I receive one,
dialog: whereas if you loved me you would
dialog: write me twice a day.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: * * * (cont'd)
dialog: Absence relieves minor attachments
text: but it intensifies love. A kiss
dialog: upon your mouth, upon your heart,
text: everywhere. There is no one else,
dialog: no one but me, is there?
dialog: * * *
dialog: Your letter is brief, sad and
text: written in a trembling hand. What
dialog: is wrong with you, my darling?
dialog: * * *
dialog: My misfortune is to have known you
dialog: so little; yours, to have judged me
dialog: by the men you have known, who
dialog: surrounded you.
dialog: * * *
dialog: You have inspired in me a limitless
text: passion, and an intoxication that
dialog: is degrading. Josephine, you have
dialog: made me wretched. But I have never
dialog: believed in happiness. Is life
dialog: really worth making such a fuss?
dialog: * * *
dialog: Four hours ago, there came that
dialog: scrap of a letter to break the news
dialog: that you are not coming, that you
dialog: are ill, that there are three
dialog: doctors in attendance, that you
dialog: cannot write yourself. My life is
text: now a perpetual nightmare. A fatal
dialog: premonition stops me from
dialog: breathing. I am ill of your
dialog: illness, burning with your fever.
dialog: * * *
dialog: In a month I have received only two
dialog: notes of three lines each. Good
dialog: God, tell me how you know so well
dialog: how to inspire love in other's
dialog: hearts, without feeling it in your
dialog: own? Make mock of me, stay on in
dialog: Paris, take lovers, let all the
dialog: world know it, never write to me --
dialog: and then? And then, I shall love
dialog: you ten times more than I did
dialog: before!
dialog: * * *
dialog: But don't go on telling me that you
dialog: are ill;
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: * * * (cont'd)
dialog: don't go on trying to justify your
dialog: behavior. You are forgiven.
dialog: * * *
dialog: Your letters are as cold as
dialog: friendship. What is left for you
dialog: to do to make me more wretched?
dialog: Stop loving me? That's already
dialog: done. Hate me? Perhaps I should
dialog: hope for that. Hatred, at least,
dialog: is not humiliating. But, oh,
dialog: indifference -- the pulse of
text: marble, the vacant glance, the
text: distracted air.
speaker_heading: NOTE
dialog: Now the following scenes relate to
dialog: the above.
scene_heading: INT. HQ TENT - NIGHT
text: Napoleon, seated at a table in his HQ tent late at night
text: writing a letter by candlelight.
scene_heading: INT. JOSEPHINE'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: It is a bright, sunny morning in Josephine's bedroom at Rue
text: de Chanterine. There is a letter from Napoleon leaning
text: against the teapot on her breakfast tray. She picks up the
text: envelope, sees who it is from, puts it down, pours her tea,
text: adds milk and sugar, stirs it carefully, sighs, looks outside
text: at the tall trees rustling in the breeze, then idly picks up
text: the letter and opens it.
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: A close shot of Napoleon's hand,
dialog: writing on his official stationary
text: which has printed, under a large
dialog: illustration symbolizing liberty
dialog: and equality, "Headquarters of the
dialog: Commander in Chief, Army of Italy."
scene_heading: INT. JOSEPHINE'S SALON - DAY
text: General Le Clerc presents his aide, Captain Hippolyte
dialog: Charles.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: GENERAL LE CLERC
dialog: I should like you to meet my aide- de-camp, Captain Hippolyte
dialog: Charles -- Madame Bonaparte.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN CHARLES
dialog: I am delighted to meet you, Madame
dialog: Bonaparte.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Thank you, Captain. Won't you both
dialog: please sit down?
dialog: Love at first sight.
speaker_heading: GENERAL LE CLERC
dialog: Thank you very much, Madame Bonaparte. I have come at the
dialog: instruction of General Bonaparte to bring this letter from
dialog: his mother in Nice.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - NIGHT
text: Napoleon lying awake in the early hours of the morning, in
text: his camp bed.
scene_heading: EXT. JOSEPHINE'S GARDEN - NIGHT
text: Moonlight. Josephine and Charles walk slowly in the garden.
text: They stop. She is still. He touches his lips to her
text: shoulders and neck. She slowly turns, looks into his eyes
text: and kisses him, long and languorously.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE - DAY
text: Napoleon standing at a camp fire in the rain, staring
text: vacantly into the flames.
scene_heading: INT. JOSEPHINE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Josephine and Charles making love in her mirrored bedroom at
text: the Rue de Chanterine. Maximum erotica.
scene_heading: TITLE: THE FIRST ITALIAN CAMPAIGN
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN ROAD - DAY
text: A spectacular shot of the French army on the march -- about
text: 5,000 men. Music.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: Soldiers, you are half-naked and
text: badly clothed. The authorities
dialog: find much fault with you and yet
dialog: can give nothing. Your patience,
dialog: your courage are admirable but you
dialog: are not getting any fame. I will
dialog: lead you into the must fruitful
dialog: plains in the world -- rich
dialog: provinces and great cities shall be
dialog: your possessions, and then you will
dialog: have wealth, honor and fame in full
dialog: measure.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MAP
dialog: Start of the lst Italian campaign.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: With the Italian campaign, Napoleon
text: steps onto the stage as a figure of
dialog: European importance. A dozen
dialog: victories in as many months would
dialog: be announced in dramatic and highly
text: colored bulletins. The battles of
dialog: the revolution had been so far
dialog: mainly defensive. Now, there was
dialog: revealed a new kind of offensive
dialog: warfare such as had not been seen
dialog: in Europe for centuries.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN ROAD - DAY
text: Army on the march -- a military band playing -- about 500
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: NOTE
dialog: The following narration will be
text: read over the following scenes.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon now introduced a new era
dialog: of wars of maneuver. Everything
dialog: would be sacrificed to mobility.
text: The complicated battle formations
dialog: of the century would be abandoned,
dialog: and the army freed from clumsy
dialog: baggage trains. War would be made
dialog: to feed on war.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: The armies opposing him were still
dialog: committed to the rigid ideas of the
dialog: previous era, and their soldiers
dialog: were treated as automatons. As they
dialog: could not be trusted to forage for
dialog: themselves without deserting, such
dialog: armies were slowed down by their
text: supply trains. The revolution, on
dialog: the other hand, had produced an
dialog: army of intelligent citizens, which
dialog: could move fast by living off the
dialog: country, and in which courage and
dialog: initiative were rewarded by
dialog: promotion.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN VILLAGE - DAY
text: A small village in Italy. The advance guard cavalry screen,
text: about 100 troopers, gallop through the town and form a line
text: preventing anyone from leaving in the direction of the enemy.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Captain, take 20 men. Assemble all
text: the inhabitants on the main street,
dialog: and collect all mail and
dialog: newspapers.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN ROAD - DAY
text: Horse drawn artillery on the march.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN FARM - DAY
text: A party of 20 French infantry removing livestock and food in
text: a cart from a farmhouse. The farmer and his family look on
text: in quiet despair.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN ROAD - DAY
text: A section on the march -- boy drummers, in their early teens.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN STREAM  DAY
text: A big, exciting shot of about 200 cavalry crossing the
dialog: stream.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN ROAD - DAY
text: On the march -- an infantryman has a pet dog on a lead.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN ROAD - DAY
text: On the march -- a soldier carries a parrot in a cage.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN HILL - DAY
text: Napoleon, on a horse, surrounded by his aides, studying a
text: large map.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: A long shot of the opposing French and Austrian armies facing
text: each other across the battlefield.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: There is no man more cautious than
dialog: I am when planning a campaign. I
dialog: exaggerate all the dangers, and all
dialog: the disasters that might occur. I
dialog: look quite serene to my staff, but
dialog: I am like a woman in labor. Once I
dialog: have made up my mind, everything is
dialog: forgotten, except what leads to
dialog: success.
text: A cloud of sharp-shooters, some mounted, some on foot,
text: advance to harass the enemy, escaping from his superior
text: numbers, by their mobility, and from his cannon by their
dialog: dispersal.
text: Napoleon studies this exchange of fire to better understand
text: the enemy's position. Surrounded by his entourage, he is on
text: a wooded platform constructed in the top branches of a large
text: tree, overlooking the battlefield.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
text: The art of war is a simple art.
text: Everything is in the execution.
dialog: There is nothing vague in it. It
dialog: is all common sense. Theory does
dialog: not enter into it. The simplest
dialog: moves are always the best.
dialog: 38.
text: When the French skirmishers finally reveal a chink in the
text: enemy position, it becomes a focal point for the main effort.
text: Horse artillery are sent forward, on the gallop, to open fire
text: with canister at close range.
text: The main attacking force of infantry are then sent forward,
text: moving up in columns and lines.
text: The cavalry trots beside them, in the gaps, to make their
dialog: presence felt where it will be best used.
text: Drummers and bands fill the air with stirring music.
text: Officers march smartly alongside their men.
dialog: The precision of these attacking maneuvers is very important
text: because the sight of the slow moving, perfectly aligned mass
text: of infantry is more frightening and discouraging to the
text: defender than a wild bayonet charge.
text: When the two main forces are about 100 yards apart, the
text: Commanding Officer in the field starts the chant "Hymn to
text: Victory" and places his hat, with its large tricolored
text: cockade, on the point of his sword so that is can be seen by
text: all of his troops.
text: When the distance narrows to about 50 yards, the defending
text: Austrians fire their first volleys -- first row, second row,
dialog: third row.
text: The French fall everywhere, but the remainder fill in the
text: formation and keep moving in regular step.
text: This is the crucial point of the battle. The defenders now
dialog: have to decide whether they are going to run or face the
text: attackers' volley and subsequent bayonet charge. There is no
text: time for the defenders to reload.
text: Now the French are 20 yards away and still hold their fire,
dialog: trained to do this because their psychological advantage is
text: lost once they have discharged their muskets. They want the
text: defenders to break and run.
text: Now panic has begun to set in and to dislodge the defending
text: Austrian troops. They start to give way.
text: The French relentlessly move forward.
text: The Austrian movements at the rear become a stampede.
text: The officers signal with their swords, and the drummers beat
text: the charge. The sky rings with a thousand battle cries.
dialog: 39.
text: The cavalry dashes forward and hacks down the fleeing
text: Austrian infantry, who are virtually helpless against the
text: cavalry out in the open.
text: The French have won the day, and their infantry fires their
text: first volley at the backs of the fleeing Austrian troops.
scene_heading: EXT. MILAN STREET - DAY
text: The triumphal entrance of the French army into Milan. Wildly
text: enthusiastic crowds, floral arches, tricolors everywhere,
text: glittering military bands, flags, columns upon columns of
text: French troops, the smart clattering of the cavalry.
text: Napoleon, on horseback, flanked by his staff and aides, his
text: eyes shining, his expression transfixed, as if in a mystical
text: reverie.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon would soon arouse the
dialog: resentment of the Directory in
dialog: Paris, exceeding his authority,
dialog: making political decisions and
dialog: treaties like a Roman Conqueror,
dialog: enlarging his role to ruler of
dialog: Italy. Only his tremendous success
dialog: and ever increasing popularity
dialog: prevented the Directory from
text: replacing him.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: From that moment on, I foresaw what
dialog: I might be. Already I felt the
text: earth flee beneath me, as if I were
text: being carried away up to the sky.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM MILAN PALACE - DAY
text: Napoleon and Josephine are making love. Sunlight falling on
dialog: their bodies.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (V.O.)
dialog: My dear Therese, the journey here
dialog: to Milan was the most difficult and
dialog: uncomfortable imaginable -- I am
dialog: bored to death. My husband doesn't
dialog: love me, he worships me. I fear he
dialog: will go mad with love. Worse than
dialog: that, I fear for my poor Hippolyte.
dialog: We may have been indiscreet on the
dialog: journey, and I think Joseph and
dialog: Junot suspect something.
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE MILAN PALACE - DAY
text: The orderly announces Captain Hippolyte Charles. He is
text: handsome, short and slight, very much in stature like
text: Napoleon, and has a hairdresser's elegance.
dialog: His behavior is absolutely correct during this interview, and
dialog: one could never infer any guilt on his part.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Come in, Captain Charles.
text: Charles approaches the table and salutes smartly.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I believe you are acquainted with
dialog: my brother, Joseph Bonaparte, and
dialog: my aide, Major Junot.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Yes, sir, I had the honor of
dialog: meeting them on the trip from
dialog: Paris.
text: They nod, politely.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Captain Charles, I believe you are
dialog: one of General Le Clerc's aides-de-
dialog: camp.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Yes, sir, I am.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Was it he who assigned you to
dialog: command the escort which
dialog: accompanied Madame Bonaparte's
dialog: coach?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: There is a pause. Napoleon studies Charles.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Was the trip normal in every
dialog: respect?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: Pause.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Did any difficulties of any kind
dialog: arise during the trip?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: No, sir, none at all.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Then, you have my thanks, Captain
dialog: Charles, for safely escorting
dialog: Madame Bonaparte to Milan, and you
dialog: may consider your assignment
dialog: completed.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You will return to Paris tomorrow
dialog: and you will carry my compliments
dialog: and thanks to General Le Clerc for
dialog: assigning such an excellent officer
dialog: to carry out a responsibility which
dialog: has meant so much to myself and to
dialog: Madame Bonaparte.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Thank you, sir. I will do that.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You may go, Captain Charles.
text: Charles salutes and leaves. Napoleon sits and stares at his
text: desk for several seconds, then he produces a letter from his
text: pocket and hands it to Joseph.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I would like both of you to read
dialog: this. Please read it aloud.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: (reading aloud)
dialog: To Citizen General Bonaparte from
dialog: one who does not wish to see him
dialog: dishonored by his wife. You should
dialog: know, Citizen General, that your
dialog: wife has taken a lover, one Captain
dialog: Hippolyte Charles... undated and
text: unsigned.
text: Joseph shakes his head. He hands it to Junot, who reads it,
text: and hands it back, looking to Joseph to speak first.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Naturally, one does not take much
dialog: stock in such a piece of filth but,
dialog: on the other hand, it is not the
dialog: sort of thing one can simply
dialog: ignore. What do you think, Joseph?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Junot?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: No, one cannot simply ignore it.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I am afraid, then, I have to ask
dialog: you both, Joseph as my brother, and
dialog: Junot as my good friend, whether or
dialog: not you know anything about this,
dialog: or whether you saw anything at all
dialog: during the trip which might make
dialog: you suspect some truth to it.
text: Joseph thinks for a moment and slowly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: No... nothing at all.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Not even the slightest hint of
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: No -- Captain Charles commanded the
dialog: cavalry escort, and rode outside
text: the carriage. In the evenings, he
dialog: always ate at another table. They
dialog: hardly ever spoke to each other.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You would tell me, Joseph, wouldn't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Yes, of course, I would. You know
dialog: I am not one of your wife's
dialog: greatest admirers, but I certainly
dialog: know nothing about this.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: And you, Junot?
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No... No, I don't know anything
dialog: about it either. Not a thing.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Well, thank you both. As I said, I
dialog: shall regard this as a piece of
dialog: malevolence from someone who does
dialog: not wish well to myself or
dialog: Josephine. Naturally, I shall
dialog: trust to your discretion to say
dialog: nothing about this.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: TITLE: EGYPT
scene_heading: EXT. SPHINX - DAY
text: Napoleon, Eugene, Junot, Marmont and Murat, accompanied by a
text: large party of scientists, stand before the Sphinx.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: On July 2, 1798, Napoleon arrived
text: in Egypt with an army of 40,000
text: men, and a romantic dream of
dialog: conquest, following Alexander's
dialog: march into India. The Directory
dialog: had been quick to approve his plan
dialog: for attacking England, indirectly,
dialog: through their Eastern Empire,
dialog: rather than by invasion of Britain,
text: and they breathed a sigh of relief
dialog: to have their unemployed conqueror
text: off the doorstep.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - DAY
text: Napoleon and the scientists inspect a mummy, brought out into
text: the sunlight, after thousands of years. A mood of somber
text: reflection pervades the scene.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: There was an air of grandiose
dialog: fantasy about the expedition.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: Napoleon took along a hundred and
dialog: fifty distinguished scientists,
dialog: intellectuals and artists equipped
dialog: with libraries and scientific
dialog: instruments. They would found the
dialog: Institute of Egypt, do the
dialog: preliminary survey work for the
dialog: Suez canal, and unlock the key to
text: hieroglyphic writing.
scene_heading: EXT. HIEROGLYPHIC WALL OF TOMB - DAY
text: A young drummer boy scribbles "Long Live the Republic" on the
text: face of some hieroglyphic writing. Several other soldiers
text: closely scrutinize the ancient writing.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: We are inside of a French division square, defending itself
text: against an attack of mameluke cavalry. Each side of the
text: square is formed of three ranks of men, and artillery is
text: placed at the corners.
text: The inside of the square is about the size of a football
text: field, and is virtually empty, except for a small group of
text: officers surrounding Napoleon, and a fairly large group of
text: terrified scientists and intellectuals, dressed in heavy
text: European clothes, mounted on donkeys and camels, and carrying
text: umbrellas.
text: Outside the square, the shrieking mamelukes recklessly
text: charge, and are slaughtered by the disciplined and accurate
text: wall of French muskets.
text: The scene will be shot only from inside the square, and from
text: this vantage point, all we can see, over the heads of the
text: defending French troops and clouds of dust, are the tops of
dialog: the mamelukes.
text: Napoleon, pleased with the way things are going, rides over
text: to the groups of scientists, to cheer them up. He has to
text: shout to be heard.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Good afternoon, gentlemen. I hope
dialog: you are enjoying this unusual
dialog: spectacle. One cannot see this in
dialog: Paris for any price.
text: They are too frightened to be amused.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MONGE
dialog: Are we doing well, General
dialog: Bonaparte?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: We are doing very well, my dear
text: Monge. The mameluke cavalry are
dialog: brave but they are selling their
dialog: lives at a bad price -- at a rate,
dialog: I should say, of 50-1. My only
dialog: fear is that Murad Bey has some
dialog: means of communicating with his
dialog: men, and that he will manage to
dialog: call them off before we can kill a
dialog: great many more.
text: The artist, Denon, one of the stronger souls among the group,
text: has been busy making sketches of the fighting. Napoleon rides
text: over to him and looks down at the drawing.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Those are excellent sketches,
dialog: Denon. May I have them when you are
dialog: finished?
scene_heading: INT. MANSION MURAD BEY - NIGHT
text: The captured mansion of Murad Bey, leader of the mamelukes.
text: French-Arabian orgy -- quiet, cool, soft music, occasional
text: male voice, low female laugh; Murat, Marmont, Berthier,
dialog: Monge. Not Napoleon.
scene_heading: INT. NAPOLEON'S OFFICE IN MURAD BEY MANSION - NIGHT
text: But Napoleon is at work. He has taken over a large room,
text: grouped several tables into an L-shape, and has made it into
text: an office. He is seated before the usual 2-foot-high stack
text: of dispatches, letters, memorandums and reports, which follow
text: him everywhere. We hear the continuation of the music from
text: the previous scene. Napoleon, in an angry and irritable
text: mood, is dictating to Bourrienne.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (dictating)
dialog: Must you, too, take this
dialog: opportunity during my absence to
dialog: indulge the petty jealousies of the
dialog: Bonaparte family? Must you...
text: There is a knock at the door.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Come in!
text: Junot enters, extremely drunk.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: I believe you sent for me.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes, yes, please sit down. I will
dialog: be with you in a moment.
text: Junot staggers over to a couch and sits down heavily.
text: Napoleon's glance lingers disapprovingly.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (to Bourrienne)
dialog: Read it back.
speaker_heading: BOURRIENNE
dialog: To Joseph Bonaparte -- Dear Joseph,
dialog: I have been informed by my wife of
dialog: the cold and spiteful treatment she
dialog: has been receiving at the hands of
dialog: my family, since my departure. I
dialog: am also informed that you have
dialog: refused to pay over to her any of
dialog: the money I left with you expressly
dialog: for this purpose. Must you, too,
dialog: take this opportunity during my
dialog: absence to indulge the petty
dialog: jealousies of the Bonaparte family?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Oh, shit, that's not right.
text: He runs his hand through his hair.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Leave us alone, Bourrienne, and
dialog: come back in half an hour.
text: Bourrienne exits.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: God damn it, Junot, wouldn't you
dialog: think I have enough things on my
dialog: mind not to waste time on a letter
dialog: like this to Joseph?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
text: (staring at his boots)
dialog: There's probably some explanation.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes, I'm sure he's been too busy
dialog: chasing his whores to be bothered
dialog: about my wife.
text: Junot sits, breathing loudly.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Well, anyway, sorry to call you
text: away from the festivities, but
dialog: where is the breakdown on
dialog: serviceable vehicles? I asked for
dialog: it yesterday.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: (speech affected by drink)
dialog: I gave it to Berthier... this
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Why did you give it to him?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: I thought he would be seeing you
dialog: before I would, and would give it
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Well, he didn't give it to me, and
dialog: when I ask you to do something for
dialog: me, return the work to me, not to
dialog: Berthier.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: I'm sorry, I thought he would give
dialog: it to you.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I must have the breakdown now.
dialog: Where is Berthier?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
text: He's downstairs -- somewhere.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: All right, thank you. Please ask
dialog: him to come here.
text: Junot pauses and then speaks with exaggerated importance and
text: earnestness brought on by too much drink.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: Yes... but, first, can I say
dialog: something to you, as a friend?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Certainly.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: I know that I shouldn't butt into
dialog: things... that are really no
dialog: concern of mine... but you
dialog: shouldn't write a letter like that
dialog: to Joseph.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: Well, maybe he's only looking out
dialog: for your best interests.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: Nothing. That's all I can say.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: That's all you can say? What are
dialog: you talking about?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: That's all I can say.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Now, just a minute. You have just
dialog: very clearly implied that there is
dialog: a reason why Joseph should not give
dialog: my wife the money which I left for
dialog: her. I can't possibly allow a
dialog: remark like that to go without
dialog: explanation.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: Let's just say, he looks after your
dialog: interests.
text: Napoleon takes Junot by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Look, Junot, you aren't going to
dialog: leave this room until you explain
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: There are some things... better
text: left unsaid.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You mean about my wife?! You mean
dialog: there are some things better left
dialog: unsaid about Josephine?!
text: Suddenly, Junot buries his head in his hands.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: What the hell is the matter with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: (mumbling into his hands)
dialog: I didn't want to hurt you... All I
dialog: wanted to do was to keep from
dialog: hurting you. I swear I didn't want
dialog: to hurt you.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Well, whatever the hell you wanted
dialog: to do, you are going to tell me
dialog: everything right now. Do you
dialog: understand?!
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: (pulling himself together)
dialog: You know that... letter you showed
dialog: me in Milan -- the one about
dialog: Hippolyte Charles?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: I wrote it.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: Yes, I wrote it.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You wrote it.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: I couldn't face telling you.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You couldn't face telling me what?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: About Hippolyte Charles.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: What was there to tell?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: My God, what do you think?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Do you know what you're saying?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: God help me -- yes.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: How do you know?
text: Junot pulls himself together and speaks in an unnaturally
text: controlled and somewhat mechanical way.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: I was in her maid's room at an inn
dialog: we stopped at for the night,
dialog: outside of Dijon. It was an
dialog: adjoining room to Madame
dialog: Bonaparte's.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes?
text: Junot searches for a better way to say it but doesn't come up
dialog: with anything.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
text: I could hear them, in the next
dialog: room.
text: Napoleon's voice is barely audible.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You could hear them?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: Yes.
text: Napoleon stares at the corner of a table.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You mean you heard them making
dialog: love?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: Yes.
text: Napoleon sits down.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: How did you know it was Captain
dialog: Charles?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: I questioned the maid, and she
dialog: admitted Charles had been Madame
dialog: Bonaparte's lover for several
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Can you give me a drink, please?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: Yes, of course. What do you want?
text: Napoleon stares into space and doesn't reply.
text: Junot pours a glass of whisky. Napoleon drinks it down,
text: distastefully.
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: I wanted to kill him but Joseph
dialog: convinced me it would be a mistake.
dialog: He said people would say you hadn't
dialog: the courage to deal with it
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: And was it so widely known that
dialog: Joseph had reason for such concern?
speaker_heading: JUNOT
dialog: I believe so. I believe Madame
dialog: Bonaparte was not discreet, in
dialog: Paris.
text: A knock at the door. A momentary pause, then a much more
text: urgent knock.
speaker_heading: BOURRIENNE (0.S.)
dialog: General Bonaparte?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Come back in an hour.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: BOURRIENNE (0.S.)
dialog: Excuse me, General Bonaparte, but I
dialog: believe this is an extremely urgent
dialog: matter, requiring your immediate
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Come in.
text: Bourrienne enters.
speaker_heading: BOURRIENNE
dialog: This dispatch has just arrived from
dialog: Aboukir, marked highest priority,
dialog: for General Bonaparte's eyes only.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Let me see it.
text: He opens the envelope, reads it and tosses the note on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: Nelson has engaged Brueys off
dialog: Aboukir. Brueys is dead and we
dialog: have lost eleven ships.
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH TOWN - DAY
text: Wildly cheering crowds, flags, military band -- Napoleon
text: rides in an open carriage, waving. He is followed by two
text: other carriages, containing the small entourage, brought back
text: from Egypt. A beautiful floral Arc de Triomphe decorates the
text: end of the street.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: On October 9th, 1799, Napoleon,
text: with only a small entourage,
dialog: arrived at the port of Frejus, in
dialog: France, after a journey of six
text: weeks, in which he evaded a large
dialog: British fleet. The news of his
dialog: arrival threw France into a
text: delirium of joy. His return was
text: seen as a kind of deliverance, by a
dialog: nation in the grip of economic
text: chaos, near anarchy and the threat
dialog: of invasion.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBERS OF DIRECTORY IN PARIS - DAY
text: A large room in Luxembourg Palace. Napoleon is seated before
text: the five Directors, Barras, Sieyes, Moulins, Gohier and Roger-
text: Ducos, who are dressed in their pompous official costumes
text: with three-foot hats and feathered plumes. Present also are
text: Talleyrand, Fouche, Joseph, Lucien and several dozen
dialog: important officials.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
text: Nelson's victory at Aboukir quite
dialog: effectively finished the strategic
dialog: purpose of the campaign, and with
dialog: the loss of all our principal
dialog: fighting ships, the army was
dialog: marooned in Egypt, and our
dialog: communications with the continent
dialog: were severed. The only options
dialog: remaining to me were to develop the
dialog: occupation of Egypt, to maintain
dialog: the morale of my army, and to
dialog: respond to the threats being
dialog: created by the English and, very
dialog: soon, the Turks. This was
dialog: accomplished, culminating in my
dialog: final victory against the Turks,
dialog: when they attempted a landing at
dialog: Aboukir.
speaker_heading: GOHIER
dialog: I wonder if you would care to tell
dialog: us, General Bonaparte, why, so soon
dialog: after this admirable victory, you
dialog: decided to... abandon your army and
dialog: return to France?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Citizen Gohier, my army was not
dialog: abandoned -- it was left in a very
dialog: strong position, and in the capable
text: hands of General Kleber.
speaker_heading: GOHIER
dialog: Of course, General Bonaparte. An
dialog: unfortunate choice of words. Only
dialog: the enemies of your glory, whom we
dialog: shall regard as our own, would wish
dialog: to give adverse interpretation to
dialog: the honorable motives of
dialog: patriotism, which I am sure,
dialog: induced you to... leave... your
dialog: colors. Please continue.
text: Napoleon smiles, coldly.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: After the defeat of the Turks, a
dialog: negotiation to arrange the exchange
dialog: of prisoners took place aboard Sir
text: Sidney Smith's flagship. At the
dialog: end of the first meeting, Sir
dialog: Sidney gave my chief negotiator,
dialog: General Marmont, several German
dialog: newspapers, of a fairly recent
dialog: date.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Now, you must bear in mind that for
dialog: more than a year I had received no
dialog: news at all from Europe, not a
text: newspaper or a single mail packet.
dialog: Perhaps you can imagine my state of
dialog: mind when I read of the serious
dialog: defeats that had been inflicted
dialog: upon France during my absence: the
dialog: loss of Italy, the Anglo-Russian
dialog: army's occupation of Holland, the
dialog: imminent invasion of France
dialog: herself. After several days of
dialog: deliberation, it seemed clear to me
dialog: that it was my duty to risk the
dialog: English blockade and, with a few
text: small ships, attempt to return, to
dialog: serve my country in any way that
dialog: might be possible.
text: Narration starts over Napoleon's dialogue which fades under.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The government of the Directory was
dialog: bankrupt, and its presses ran all
dialog: night printing the money it would
text: spend the next day. Two of its
dialog: five members, Sieyes and Roger-
dialog: Ducos, who had the support of the
dialog: moderate political factions, were
text: preparing to seize power. They
dialog: would welcome the inclusion of
dialog: Napoleon who would secure the
dialog: support of the army, and who was
dialog: now the most popular figure in
dialog: France.
dialog: 55.
dialog: The cutting of this scene will be done to place emphasis on,
dialog: and establish a relationship between, two of the Directors,
text: Sieyes and Roger-Ducos, Joseph Bonaparte, Talleyrand and
text: Napoleon. Sieyes and Roger-Ducos will be cut with their
dialog: names.
scene_heading: INT. CARRIAGE - DAY
text: Napoleon and Joseph driving through the park.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: The important thing is to find the
dialog: right lawyer. One who will not
dialog: protract the thing indefinitely, in
dialog: the courts.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You know I am only too happy to be
dialog: of help to you, but surely this
dialog: isn't the ideal moment to involve
dialog: yourself in such matters.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I know of no better time.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You can't be serious. It would not
dialog: be good to become another husband
text: out of a Moliere farce.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: The comedy of my marriage is
text: sufficiently well known already.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You must not act impetuously.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: It is time to clarify the
text: situation. Everything is over
dialog: between us.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: But you can do the same thing in
dialog: six months. The next few weeks may
dialog: be the most important ones in your
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: My mind is made up. She will not
dialog: set foot in my house again. I
dialog: think if I saw her again, I might
text: be tempted to strangle her.
dialog: 56.
text: Joseph sighs and tries to think of another line of approach.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Are you sure that you are not still
dialog: in love with her?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Are you trying to insult me?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Of course not, but such violence of
dialog: feeling makes me wonder.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Well, you shall see.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: When is she supposed to return?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I have no idea. Her maid said she
dialog: left two days ago, to meet me -- I
dialog: can imagine where she is. But when
text: she finally does come home, she
dialog: will find her things in the street
dialog: and my door locked.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: She will probably appear with a
dialog: dozen excuses and you will forgive
dialog: her anyway.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: My dear Joseph, the only thing that
dialog: is clear is that my wife is a slut -
dialog: - and while a man may want a slut
dialog: for his mistress, he does not want
dialog: her for his wife.
scene_heading: INT. JOSEPHINE'S MIRRORED BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Napoleon and Josephine in bed. The mood is post-coital
dialog: depression for Napoleon; submission and apprehension for
text: Josephine. There is a long silence before any one speaks.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Were you in love with him?
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: I thought I was. I was confused.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: And now?
dialog: Pause.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Now, I know that I shall die if you
dialog: leave me.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Do you expect me to believe that?
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: And you, are you in love with any
dialog: one else?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: But you have had mistresses while
dialog: you were away.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Were you in love with any of them?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Were they pretty?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Were any of them prettier than I
dialog: am?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: One had better legs.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Were any of them married?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes. They were the easiest. I
dialog: made love to one of them within ten
dialog: minutes of our first meeting.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
text: She must have been in love with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Not in the least. After all, what
dialog: is adultery -- only a brief
dialog: transaction on a couch, requiring a
text: few minutes of privacy.
text: Josephine presses against him.
speaker_heading: TITLE:
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Promise me you will never leave me.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I cannot promise you that.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Promise me.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I will never forgive you.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: I don't care, but promise you will
dialog: never leave me.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I don't understand you.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Promise.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Promises mean nothing.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Perhaps -- but tell me you promise,
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: All right -- I promise.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: You are my old friend.
speaker_heading: COUP D'ETAT
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. SALON - NIGHT
text: A small crowd of men talking to Napoleon, Sieyes, Roger-
text: Ducos, Joseph and Lucien Bonaparte and Talleyrand. The
text: meeting is jovial and relaxed.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: For the next three weeks,
dialog: conspiracy was openly carried on in
dialog: Paris -- in the salons of bankers,
dialog: generals, politicians and
dialog: government officials.
scene_heading: INT. FOUCHE OFFICE - DAY
text: Fouche at work as Minister of Police.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The man responsible for protecting
dialog: the government, the Minister of
dialog: Police, Joseph Fouche, was part of
dialog: the plot.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A sleepy deputy, in his night shirt, receives his special
text: summons from a cloaked messenger.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: In the early morning hours on
dialog: November 9th, notifications of an
dialog: emergency meeting of the councils,
dialog: to be held that morning at 7
dialog: o'clock, were delivered to those
dialog: deputies who supported the
dialog: conspiracy.
scene_heading: INT. COUNCIL HALL - DAY
text: Sieyes addresses the deputies. A good third of the seats are
text: empty.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Sieyes warned the sympathetic
text: deputies of an imminent plot to
dialog: seize the government by the radical
dialog: Jacobin party, none of whose
dialog: members had been summoned to the
dialog: assembly. He then proposed two
dialog: resolutions which were quickly
dialog: passed.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: EXT. PARIS STREET - DAY
text: The exciting clatter of horses hoofs on cobblestones draws
text: confused spectators to the sight of Napoleon at the head of
text: 50 gold-braided generals, on their way to the assembly.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The first called for the
dialog: appointment of Napoleon to command
dialog: the troops assigned to protect the
dialog: councils. The second called for the
dialog: councils to be moved, on the
dialog: following day, to St. Cloud, ten
dialog: miles from Paris, where they would
dialog: be safe, and out of reach of the
dialog: Paris mob.
scene_heading: INT. BARRAS SALON - DAY
text: Barras, in his bathrobe signing 6 copies of his resignation.
text: Talleyrand hovers over him, carefully putting the signed
text: copies to one side. Three officers stand by the door.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: Later, the same day, the three
dialog: members of the Directory who were
dialog: not part of the plot were
dialog: effectively taken out of the
dialog: picture. Barras was forced to
dialog: resign under threat of death and an
text: offer of gilded exile.
scene_heading: INT. LUXEMBOURG - DAY
text: Moulins and Gohier glumly eating an elegant lunch, laid out
text: on a desk. Two soldiers stand guard at the door.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Gohier and Moulins, who would not
dialog: be intimidated, were locked up
text: under guard at the Luxembourg.
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS OF ST. CLOUD PALACE - DAY
text: Warmly-dressed spectators have made the dawn journey from
text: Paris, and are scattered about the gardens and lawns,
text: breakfasting from picnic baskets.
text: Groups of infantry laze on the grass, playing cards, reading,
text: smoking and sleeping.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The next morning, on November 10th,
dialog: at the Palace of St. Cloud, the
dialog: final moves were to be made which
dialog: would bring Napoleon to supreme
dialog: power.
scene_heading: INT. ORANGERY - DAY
text: A long, narrow annexe, with high windows which open out onto
text: a courtyard, occupied by troops. There are no chairs and the
text: deputies, dressed in their strange-looking, long, scarlet
text: togas and odd, square birettas, are uncomfortably crowded
text: together, in emergency session.
text: Lucien Bonaparte, who is the temporary President, looks
dialog: worried.
text: Delbrel, the leader of the Jacobin party is in the middle of
text: a speech to the deputies. He is an effective orator, with
dialog: the right mixture of sarcasm and a sense of moral
dialog: superiority.
speaker_heading: DELBREL
dialog: Citizen Deputies, we have been
dialog: isolated here at St. Cloud and
dialog: surrounded by troops. Yesterday,
dialog: we were told this was to protect us
dialog: against a plot to seize the
dialog: government. Today we are told that
dialog: all five members of the Directory
dialog: have suddenly, and without any
dialog: warning, resigned. Now we have
dialog: been asked to pass a resolution
dialog: forming a provisional government,
dialog: of three consuls to replace the
dialog: five directors -- these three
dialog: consuls being General Bonaparte and
text: two of the newly-resigned members
dialog: of the Directory, Sieyes and Roger-
dialog: Ducos. We have further been asked
dialog: to adjourn this assembly for a
dialog: period of three months, leaving all
dialog: executive and administrative power
text: in the hands of the three newly-
dialog: appointed consuls, who will then
dialog: draw up a new Constitution.
text: Angry murmurs.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: DELBREL
dialog: Citizen Deputies, does any one in
dialog: this room have the slightest doubts
dialog: as to what is being attempted, or
dialog: to the identity of those who are
dialog: involved?
text: Angry murmurs.
speaker_heading: DELBREL
dialog: Especially so, since I have it on
dialog: excellent authority that the three
dialog: members of the Directory who are
dialog: not present here today have,
text: indeed, not resigned willingly, but
dialog: in the case of Gohier and Moulins,
text: they are under arrest in the
dialog: Luxembourg -- and, in the case of
dialog: Barras, a resignation was forced
text: from him under threat of death.
text: Pandemonium breaks out in the assembly.
text: Uproar.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN BONAPARTE
dialog: (ringing bell)
dialog: Order, order, order. Citizen
dialog: Delbrel, you are out of order. You
dialog: are out of order.
speaker_heading: DELBREL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: And you, Citizen Bonaparte -- your
dialog: role as President of this assembly
dialog: is an honorary one, given only for
dialog: the period on one month, on the
dialog: occasion of your brother's return
dialog: from Egypt. And since your
dialog: nomination was originally put
text: forward by the two conspirators,
dialog: Sieyes and Roger-Ducos, I demand
dialog: that you immediately disqualify
dialog: yourself from these proceedings and
dialog: leave this chamber!!
text: Uproar of approval, and cries of "Long Live the Republic."
speaker_heading: LUCIEN BONAPARTE
dialog: (ringing bell)
dialog: You are out of order, Citizen
dialog: Delbrel! You are out of order!
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INT. ST. CLOUD SALON - DAY
text: The conspirators wait in what was formerly one of Marie-
text: Antoinette's reception salons, now bare of all furniture
text: except three arm-chairs grouped before a large, ornate
text: fireplace, in which there is a small fire.
text: The shouting from the Orangery can be faintly heard through
text: the walls.
text: Napoleon paces, nervously.
text: Sieyes, huddled in an overcoat, stares apprehensively into
text: the fire. Roger-Ducos pokes at it with a damp log.
text: Joseph Bonaparte stands, gazing out of the window at the
text: troops, sprawled on the grass.
text: There is a knock at the door.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Come in.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Major Lavallette to see you,
dialog: General.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Send him in.
text: Lavallette comes in, salutes.
speaker_heading: LAVALLETTE
dialog: General Bonaparte, I have a message
dialog: from Lucien. He says there is not
dialog: chance at all now to bring the
dialog: proposals to a vote. Delbrel has
dialog: given the alarm to the other
dialog: parties. He says you must either
dialog: use the troops immediately, or
dialog: think of saving yourselves.
speaker_heading: SIEYES
dialog: (to Napoleon)
dialog: Oh, my God. I told you he should
dialog: have been arrested yesterday. Why
dialog: did I listen to you?
text: Napoleon ignores Sieyes and walks to the window.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Will you use the troops?
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Only as a last resort. What are
dialog: the Councils doing now?
speaker_heading: LAVALLETTE
text: Both chambers are swearing an oath
dialog: to the Constitution.
text: Knock at the door.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Come in.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
text: A message from Citizen Fouche.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Let me have it.
text: The officer hands Napoleon an envelope and exits. Napoleon
text: looks at the note and, then, reads it aloud.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: My dear Bonaparte, if you have not
dialog: already done so, I urge you to
dialog: press things to a conclusion. I
dialog: cannot guarantee the situation for
text: very much longer in Paris.
text: Sieyes, in an absolute panic, leans over and whispers to
dialog: Roger-Ducos.
speaker_heading: SIEYES
dialog: Go and make sure the carriage and
text: driver are ready to leave at a
dialog: moment's notice.
text: Roger-Ducos exits. Napoleon paces the room.
speaker_heading: SIEYES
dialog: Well -- what are you going to do?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Have patience -- all will be well.
text: There is a knock at the door.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Come in.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Citizen Bourrienne to see you, sir.
text: He exits.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Send him in.
speaker_heading: BOURRIENNE
dialog: A message from Lucien -- he says
dialog: that you had better act now.
dialog: Delbrel is going to introduce a
dialog: motion to halt the oaths and take a
dialog: vote to outlaw the three of you.
speaker_heading: SIEYES
dialog: Oh, my God! Oh, my God! We will
dialog: all be on the guillotine in 24
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Please stop chattering -- and let
dialog: me think.
speaker_heading: SIEYES
dialog: There is nothing left to think
dialog: about. We will be outlawed!
dialog: You've waited too long! I'm
dialog: leaving, and any one who wishes to
dialog: save his neck will follow suit.
scene_heading: INT. ORANGERY - DAY
text: Deputies going through the ritual of individually swearing
dialog: their oaths to the Constitution.
text: Napoleon enters with four grenadier guards and causes an
text: immediate uproar.
text: The grenadiers try to force a passage to approach the
text: speaker's rostrum but a group of Jacobin deputies bar the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #1
dialog: What -- bayonets in here?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #2
dialog: Soldiers! You are violating the
dialog: sanctuary of the laws. Withdraw
dialog: immediately!
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Please stand out of the way. Four
dialog: grenadiers are no threat to you.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #3
dialog: Withdraw! Withdraw!
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Citizen Deputies, please stand out
dialog: of the way -- I wish to approach
dialog: the speaker's rostrum!
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #1
dialog: Is it for this, then, that you
dialog: became a conqueror?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #4
dialog: Withdraw, withdraw immediately, I
dialog: say!
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Citizens, please stand aside. I
dialog: wish to approach the speaker's
dialog: rostrum.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #2
dialog: Down with the Dictator! Down with
dialog: the Tyrant!
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #4
dialog: Outlaw him! Outlaw him!
text: The cry is picked up of "Dictator," "Tyrant," and "Outlaw."
text: A scuffle breaks out and Napoleon is knocked to the ground
text: and viciously kicked. His guards manage to club their way
text: into this melee and drag him out of the Orangery.
scene_heading: EXT. ORANGERY - DAY
text: Among the soldiers, Napoleon, his face bloody, mounts a horse
text: and rides through his men. The troops are confused by his
text: appearance but give him a cheer as he passes by. It is now
text: five o'clock and the grey November dusk is closing in. A cry
text: of "Long Live Bonaparte" thunders through the courtyard.
scene_heading: INT. ORANGERY - DAY
text: The deputies are still in an uproar, but gradually the sound
text: of drums, beating the charge, is heard. The drums get louder
text: and a silence falls over the chamber. The drumming gets
text: louder. The door is thrown open and Murat stands at the head
text: of a column of grenadiers, with fixed bayonets.
speaker_heading: MURAT
dialog: Citizens, you are dissolved.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. CLOUD - DUSK
text: Deputies climb through the windows and are jeered by the
text: onlookers. Napoleon paces, nervously.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: At the age of 30, Napoleon would
dialog: now become 1st Consul and head of
dialog: the Executive, for a period of ten
dialog: years. The other two Consuls would
text: become merely figure-heads.
scene_heading: TITLE: EMPIRE
scene_heading: INT. TUILERIES SALON - DAY
text: Painted cardboard figures, about six inches high,
text: representing Napoleon, Josephine and the principal personages
text: involved in the forthcoming coronation, are pushed about,
text: discussed and noted, as the group plans the complex stage
dialog: management of the coronation.
text: Napoleon, Josephine, the painter David, and a small entourage
text: are seated, standing and kneeling around a cardboard mock-up
text: of the interior of Notre Dame Cathedral.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: In the five years that followed,
dialog: Napoleon gave proof of his
dialog: brilliant legislative,
dialog: administrative and organizational
dialog: powers. He created effective and
dialog: enduring institutions of
dialog: government; revitalized the
dialog: economy; negotiated a concordat
dialog: with the Pope, thus ending the
dialog: religious rebellion in the Vendee;
dialog: reconciled the bitterness between
text: right and left by opening all
dialog: careers to talent, and bringing
dialog: into his government the best minds
dialog: of the aristocracy and the ablest
dialog: survivors of the revolution.
dialog: Napoleon had secured the main
dialog: social and material gains of the
dialog: revolution, destroying privileged
dialog: orders and modernizing the state.
dialog: In exchange for this, he would now
dialog: be given power far more absolute
dialog: than any Bourbon monarch.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. NOTRE DAME - DAY
text: The Coronation. At the moment when the Pope reaches for the
text: crown of Charlemagne, to take it from the altar, Napoleon
text: takes it, and, with his own hands, places it on his head.
text: Napoleon looks, with an air of pride and satisfaction, at
text: Josephine, as she advances towards him, at the altar, and
text: when she kneels down, tears fall upon her clasped hands,
dialog: raised to heaven -- or, rather to Napoleon.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: On December 2, 1804, Napoleon was
dialog: made Emperor of France. He would
dialog: later say: "I found the crown
dialog: lying in the gutter and I picked it
dialog: up."
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: Duroc, I have a bill here for
dialog: francs from Tirot, for building the
dialog: Imperial throne and six decorated
dialog: arm-chairs. The amount is absurd --
dialog: and, at least twice too much.
scene_heading: INT. TUILERIES DINING ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: Candlelight, silver service -- beautiful women, important
text: guests. Napoleon and Josephine are seated at opposite ends
text: of a long table. Placed at Napoleon's elbow is the
text: strikingly beautiful Madame Trillaud, a sexy brunette. He
text: speaks to her husband. Dessert is being served.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: The revolution failed because the
dialog: foundation of its political
dialog: philosophy was in error. Its
dialog: central dogma was the transference
dialog: of original sin from man to
dialog: society. It had the rosy vision
dialog: that by nature man is good, and
text: that he is only corrupted by an
dialog: incorrectly organized society.
dialog: Destroy the offending social
dialog: institutions, tinker with the
dialog: machine a bit, and you have Utopia -
dialog: - presto! -- natural man back in
dialog: all his goodness.
text: Laugher at the table.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: It's a very attractive idea but it
dialog: simply isn't true. They had the
dialog: whole thing backwards. Society is
dialog: corrupt because man is corrupt --
dialog: because he is weak, selfish,
text: hypocritical and greedy. And he is
dialog: not made this way by society, he is
dialog: born this way -- you can see it
dialog: even in the youngest children.
dialog: It's no good trying to build a
dialog: better society on false assumptions
dialog: -- authority's main job is to keep
dialog: man from being at his worst and,
dialog: thus, make life tolerable, for the
dialog: greater number of people.
scene_heading: MONSIEUR TRILLAUD
dialog: Your Majesty, you certainly have a
dialog: very pessimistic view of human
dialog: nature.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: My dear Monsieur Trillaud, I am not
dialog: paid for finding it better.
text: Laughter.
text: Napoleon exchanges a significant look with his Major-domo,
text: who nods, picks up a wine decanter, and comes up to Madame
text: Trillaud's place to refill her glass, deliberately spilling
text: wine on the front of her dress.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You clumsy fool. Quick, we need
dialog: some water.
text: Endless ad lib apologies by the Major-domo.
speaker_heading: MAJOR-DOMO
dialog: This way, if you please, Madame.
text: The Major-domo gestures to some place out of the room.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: No, no, I'll take care of it
dialog: myself. We don't want to have any
dialog: more accidents.
text: Napoleon, the Major-domo and Madame Trillaud exit the room,
text: amid apologies, reassurances.
text: The guests resume their conversations, but Josephine, who has
text: seen the routine before, is distracted and agitated.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. TUILERIES HIDEAWAY - NIGHT
text: A small, hideaway room, reached by a back staircase, leading
text: off Napoleon's private office. It is all couches, cushions,
text: velvet, mirrors and dim candles.
text: Napoleon, Madame Trillaud and Major-domo enter.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Quick, where is the water?
speaker_heading: MAJOR-DOMO
dialog: Here it is, Your Majesty.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Ah, good, here -- allow me, Madame
dialog: Trillaud.
text: Napoleon and the Major-domo exchange another look, and the
text: Major-domo hurriedly exits the room, springing a catchlock
text: behind him.
text: Napoleon's attention immediately shifts from Madame
text: Trillaud's dress to Madame herself. His efforts to rub off
text: the wine stains gradually become more intimate.
scene_heading: MADAME TRILLAUD
dialog: Oh! Your Majesty!
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Don't be afraid.
text: Napoleon takes her in his arms.
scene_heading: MADAME TRILLAUD
dialog: But the guests... my husband... the
dialog: Empress...
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Don't be afraid, my dear. We shall
dialog: be back before dessert is finished.
text: Napoleon kisses her and fumbles with her clothes, to remove
text: them. After several passionate seconds, there is a timid
text: knock at the door.
text: Madame Trillaud looks startled but Napoleon puts his finger
text: to her lips and continues.
text: After fifteen seconds, there is another knock on the door,
text: louder.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Don't worry. It's only the night
dialog: maid.
text: More kissing, then a louder and more insistent knock. This
text: time they both sit up. More knocking. Madame Trillaud is
text: frightened.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Yes -- what is it?
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (0.S.)
dialog: Open the door. It's me.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Go away -- I'm busy.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (0.S.)
dialog: I know what you're doing in there.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Don't be ridiculous and go away --
dialog: I'm busy working.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (0.S.)
dialog: Where is Madame Trillaud?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: How should I know. Ask Roquier --
text: he's cleaning her dress.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (0.S.)
dialog: What are you doing in there?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Oh -- now, this is absolutely
dialog: ridiculous! If you don't want to
dialog: be humiliated in front of your
dialog: guests, you will return to the
text: table at once.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (0.S.)
dialog: Will you be joining us, soon?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I will be there in five minutes.
dialog: Go back to your guests.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (0.S.)
text: Five minutes.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes!!
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (0.S.)
dialog: (weakly)
text: Five minutes.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Madame Trillaud starts to get up. Napoleon stops her.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Darling -- don't be ridiculous. We
dialog: have five minutes. Where are you
dialog: going?
scene_heading: MADAME TRILLAUD
dialog: But, Your Majesty, we will be
dialog: missed now.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Of course we won't -- five minutes
dialog: will never be noticed.
text: He tumbles her back on to the bed.
scene_heading: INT. JOSEPHINE'S BEDROOM - TUILERIES - NIGHT
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (in a subdued voice)
dialog: How dare you do that to me tonight?
dialog: How dare you? Do you realize who
dialog: Madame Trillaud's husband is?
dialog: Suppose he found out?
text: Josephine sobs. Napoleon speaks in sharp hisses, to keep the
text: servants from overhearing.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Oh, shut up, will you?
text: Josephine sobs.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Your tears have absolutely no
dialog: effect on me... What a fool I have
dialog: been! I am not a man like any
dialog: other man. I must be free -- I
dialog: must be free to do what I please.
dialog: I must be free of this sordid
dialog: jealousy!
dialog: 73.
text: Napoleon looks at the figure of his distraught wife. She is
text: on her knees, slumped across the seat of a chair.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (slowly and quietly)
dialog: Very well, then, I will not put a
dialog: specific time limit on this, but
dialog: you must accept the idea that we
dialog: will have to be divorced, and
dialog: soon... And, from now on, we will
dialog: sleep in separate bedrooms.
text: This last remark finally causes Josephine to attempt to
text: speak, red-eyed, sniveling, unable to put words together
text: without involuntary shudders and sobs.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Separate bedrooms?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: But you will not... be safe...
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Not be safe? What on earth are you
dialog: talking about?
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: In case of a... surprise attack...
dialog: at night... I am such a... light
dialog: sleeper... I could wake you... I
dialog: could scream.
text: This is such a pathetically dumb remark, it stops Napoleon,
dialog: cold.
scene_heading: INT. TUILERIES HALL - NIGHT
text: Napoleon, in his nightshirt, follow Roustam along the
text: corridor. When they reach Josephine's door, Roustam hands
text: Napoleon the candle and leaves. Napoleon knocks.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (0.S.)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: It's me.
text: Josephine quickly opens the door.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Ooh!
text: Napoleon enters the room and she locks the door. He walks to
text: the bed and sits down. He seems depressed. He sits, staring
text: at the floor.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (touching the bed)
dialog: Sit down.
text: Josephine sits down next to him. He puts his arms around
text: her, regretfully.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I didn't mean the things that I
dialog: said... I was angry and I said more
dialog: than I meant to.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Oh, my darling. I'm sorry, too. I
dialog: won't do that again -- whatever you
dialog: do. I won't cause you any more
dialog: embarrassment, I promise.
text: Napoleon squeezes her shoulder. Her surrender has not
dialog: brought him happiness.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Oh -- I didn't tell you... I've
dialog: seen Dr. Corvisart, and he was very
text: reassuring and encouraging. He has
dialog: had excellent results with the
text: waters of Plombiers, and he thinks
dialog: it would be a good idea for me to
dialog: spend a few weeks there.
dialog: Apparently, he sent Madame Le Floch
dialog: there last year, and she gave birth
dialog: to twins.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (laughs, weakly)
dialog: Indeed -- well, you may tell Dr.
dialog: Corvisart, I should be entirely
text: satisfied with half her success.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY
text: George III reviewing British troops. Military band.
dialog: Spectators.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Since the year 1069, France and
dialog: England had been at war for a total
dialog: of 152 years. And, from 1338, the
dialog: Kings of England also called
dialog: themselves the Kings of France,
dialog: until Napoleon obliged them to drop
dialog: this title at the time of the short-
dialog: lived Peace Treaty of Amiens, in In
dialog: the following year, England again
dialog: declared war on France, and the
dialog: conflict between British and French
dialog: imperialism for maritime supremacy
dialog: and world power would now be fought
text: to a finish.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUFF - DAY
text: A high, windy bluff, overlooking the English Channel.
text: Napoleon and his entourage study the English fleet, moored
text: several miles offshore, and the cliffs of Dover, just visible
text: on the horizon.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The struggle was resumed on
text: familiar and inconclusive lines, as
dialog: neither side could really get to
dialog: grips, while England was supreme on
text: the sea and Napoleon on land.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MAP
text: Showing French naval strategy.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon devised a plan to lure the
dialog: British fleet into a wild goose
text: chase, to the West Indies, leaving
text: the Channel unprotected long enough
dialog: for the French to ferry their army
dialog: safely across. But the scheme was
text: poorly executed, and eventually led
dialog: to the disastrous French naval
text: defeat at Trafalgar.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN BOTTOM - DAY
text: Eerie shot of two French ships lying on sea bottom.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. ADMIRAL'S CABIN - DAY
text: A drowned French Admiral floats in his cabin with his papers,
text: books, clothes and a roast chicken.
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE GROUND - DAY
dialog: Francis II, the severe, opportunistic Emperor of Austria,
text: reviewing his troops. He is a year older than Napoleon.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon's invasion plans were
text: foiled by England's correct naval
dialog: strategy, and by their alliances
dialog: with Austria and Russia.
dialog: Subsidized by England, Francis II
dialog: was goaded into war by Napoleon's
dialog: assumption of the crown of Italy.
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE GROUND - DAY
text: The 29-year old Tsar Alexander reviewing Russian troops.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: He was joined by the young,
dialog: melancholy Tsar Alexander I, who
dialog: had ascended the throne at the age
dialog: of after the Palace Guard murder of
dialog: his father, Tsar Paul, and now had
dialog: rival pretensions to Napoleon as
dialog: the arbiter of Europe.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR AREA AUSTERLITZ BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: The young Tsar sits by the side of the road and weeps. His
text: entourage stand by ineffectually, at a respectful distance.
text: All around him is the evidence of the Russian disaster at
dialog: Austerlitz.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: But four months later, on the
dialog: anniversary of Napoleon's
dialog: coronation, Alexander would weep
text: over the shattered wreck of his
text: army, on the battlefield of
dialog: Austerlitz.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: EXT. NAPOLEON HQ AUSTERLITZ - DAY
text: A cold, blustery day. A large fire has been built at the
text: base of a steep-sided gully. French cavalry vedettes are
text: posted at the top of the hill. A party of 50 Austrian
text: hussars, escorting 3 Imperial carriages, comes to a halt.
text: Drummers and trumpeters sound a salute.
text: Napoleon helps the defeated Emperor Francis, of Austria, from
text: his carriage, embracing him with cordiality.
text: This is the first meeting between Napoleon and an important
dialog: European monarch.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Ah, my dear Francis, what a genuine
dialog: pleasure it is to meet you at last.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I fear our meeting is long
text: overdue... Napoleon.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I'm sorry that I am unable to offer
dialog: you better hospitality, but this is
dialog: the only place I have inhabited for
dialog: the past month.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (shivering)
dialog: You have made such excellent use of
dialog: it; I should think you will hate to
dialog: leave it.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Shall we move closer to the fire?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Yes -- an excellent idea.
text: They leave their staffs standing on the road.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Will Alexander be joining us soon?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I very much doubt that he will.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Oh...?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I'm afraid he has been rather upset
text: by the outcome of the battle.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I see.
text: Francis has developed a violent chill.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (shivering)
dialog: But he asked me to say...
dialog: (shivering)
dialog: on his behalf... that your
dialog: achievements have increased his...
dialog: (shivering)
dialog: admiration for you, and that he
dialog: believes... your success is
dialog: predestined by heaven...
dialog: (shivering)
dialog: and that his army...
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: My dear Francis, you do seem
text: extremely uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I'm afraid I am, just a bit.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (offering a flask)
dialog: Would you like some brandy?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I'll have the fire built up.
text: He shouts to his staff.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Berthier, we need some more wood
dialog: for the fire -- and some brandy.
text: Berthier issues orders and soldiers dash off for the wood. An
text: aide dashes forward with the brandy.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Thank you, Napoleon.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Francis, may I ask whether you wear
dialog: warm winter underwear?
text: Francis downs a big swig of brandy.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: No -- not as a rule.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Ah, well, that is the first rule of
dialog: warfare. You must wear long-
text: sleeved and long-legged underwear.
dialog: You can never conjure up
text: brilliancies with a cold bottom.
text: They both laugh -- Francis, cheerlessly.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH EMBASSY IN BERLIN - DAY
text: As an act of provocation, Prussian noble guards sharpen their
text: swords on the steps of French Embassy in Berlin.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Having ruined the Austro-Russian
dialog: alliance by her neutrality, Prussia
dialog: proceeded, in the following year,
dialog: to commit suicide by taking on
text: Napoleon single-handed.
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE GROUND - DAY
text: Queen Louisa and King Wilhelm review Prussian troops.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: Led by the warlike Queen Louisa,
dialog: and her fashion-minded husband,
dialog: King Frederich Wilhelm, the
dialog: Prussians still believed themselves
text: cast in the mold of Frederick the
dialog: Great, and more than a match for
dialog: Napoleon. The King had a special
dialog: collection of 60 splendid uniforms,
dialog: and was personally involved in the
dialog: design of all the Prussian army
dialog: uniforms.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: If the French army had been
dialog: commanded at Jena and Auerstadt by
dialog: a tailor, the King of Prussia would
dialog: certainly have gained the day.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. OPERA HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Napoleon enjoying a performance of "Don Giovanni." An aide
text: tiptoes into the box and hands him a note which reads:
dialog: "Prussian ultimatum delivered to me today by Haugwitz. War
dialog: is now imminent. Talleyrand."
text: Napoleon quietly folds the note, putting it away in his
text: pocket. Berthier leans over inquiringly. Napoleon puts his
text: finger to his lips, redirects his attention to the stage,
text: crosses his arms and settles comfortably back into his seat.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Prussia would make the same
dialog: strategic error that Austria made
dialog: in the previous year, and she would
text: over-confidently rush forward to
dialog: meet the French alone, without
text: waiting for their Russian allies.
dialog: In seven days of fighting, the
dialog: Prussian army would be virtually
dialog: destroyed.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Tsar Alexander, happy and confident, surrounded by aides,
text: flags and military grandeur, on the march with his army.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: Unconvinced by his defeat at
dialog: Austerlitz, committed by alliance
dialog: to Prussia and concerned about his
dialog: interest in Poland, Alexander would
dialog: once again take the field against
dialog: Napoleon.
scene_heading: EXT. NIEMEN RIVER - DAY
text: The colors of France and Russia flutter, side by side, in the
text: summer breeze, atop a large, ornately decorated raft, moored
text: in mid-stream. It is an incredible sight, made of huge logs
text: and planks, beautifully carpeted, draped with bunting, and
text: with two small pavilions built on top, their roofs and walls
text: covered with drapery, flags and colored silks.
text: On the opposite banks are the massed formations and colors of
dialog: the French and Russian Imperial Guards.
dialog: 81.
text: At a prearranged time, nervously checked and rechecked by
text: pocket-watches, clicking open and closed, the two Emperors
text: set off, in decorated long boats, to their rendezvous in mid-
dialog: stream.
text: As they proceed, an unintentional race between oarsmen
dialog: develops.
text: Napoleon disembarks first and is thus able to welcome Tsar
text: Alexander aboard.
text: They embrace and, at this moment, a tumultuous roar of
text: approval, the sound of fanfares, the beating of drums, issues
text: forth from both banks of the river. It is a splendid and
text: marvelously absurd scene.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: But in June of the following year,
dialog: after the crushing defeat at
dialog: Friedland, Alexander would be
dialog: forced to sue for peace again --
dialog: this time in person, and with some
text: surprising results.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Ah, my dear, Napoleon, how good it
dialog: is to meet you at last.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: And, what a great pleasure it is,
dialog: indeed, to meet you, Alexander.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: And, what a delightful idea!
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Ah -- you approve?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I think it's absolutely charming.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I'm glad you like it.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Whatever suggested the idea to you?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (with exaggerated secrecy)
dialog: I shall tell you in the strictest
dialog: confidence -- when I was a boy, I
dialog: had a passion for rafts, and never
dialog: had the opportunity to build one.
dialog: 82.
text: They both laugh.
text: The two Emperors now introduce their staffs.
scene_heading: INT. TILSIT SALON - DAY
text: Napoleon and Alexander, leaning on their elbows, on a large
text: map of the world, spread out on a table.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Alexander had come to treat as a
dialog: fallen enemy, but would find that
dialog: to be defeated by Napoleon seemed
dialog: equivalent to winning a great
dialog: victory. There would be not
dialog: territorial demands, no reparations
dialog: -- only an intoxicating proposal to
text: divide the world between them.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Napoleon and Alexander slowly walk through the beautiful
text: gloom of the dark forest. They are thoughtful, relaxed,
text: enjoying the splendor of the late afternoon.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: We have no rivalry, we have no
dialog: vital issues at stake. We are only
dialog: at war because you are the ally of
dialog: England, and, in this, it seems to
dialog: me, you are serving only the
dialog: interests of England.
text: Alexander does not immediately reply.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (quietly and thoughtfully)
dialog: If your fight is against England,
dialog: and against her alone, then we
dialog: shall easily come to terms -- for I
dialog: have as much reason to complain as
dialog: you have. England has brought me
dialog: into conflict with false promises,
dialog: and has left me to face defeat
text: single- handed.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST AND FIELDS - DAY
text: The Tsar and Napoleon riding together, their entourage and
text: escort follow a few hundred yards behind.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon and Alexander would spend
text: two weeks together, seeing each
dialog: other every day and sharing the
text: entertainments of the evening.
dialog: Each had set out to charm and
dialog: flatter the other, and each would
dialog: succeed. They would talk of
dialog: everything together, as two
dialog: brothers -- philosophy, women,
dialog: politics, war, science.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - NIGHT
text: The Tsar and Napoleon seated together in a box at the
dialog: theater.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (V.O.)
dialog: My dear sister, God has saved us.
dialog: Instead of having sacrifices to
dialog: make, we are coming out of this
dialog: struggle with a kind of glory. But
dialog: what do you think about this? I
dialog: spend whole days with Bonaparte,
dialog: and hours and hours in private
dialog: conversation with him. I as you --
dialog: isn't this like something from a
dialog: dream?
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE GROUND - DAY
text: Napoleon and Alexander reviewing French troops.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: If Alexander were a woman, I think
dialog: I should fall passionately in love
text: with him. But, at the same time,
dialog: there is something very peculiar
text: about him -- something lacking, but
dialog: it is impossible to foresee
dialog: precisely what will be lacking in
dialog: any given instance, for the defect
text: seems infinitely variable.
scene_heading: INT. SAUNA BATH - DAY
text: Alexander and Napoleon sit together, naked.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You can always tell at a glance
text: whether retreating infantry are
dialog: being pursed by cavalry, because
text: they hurry along and keep turning
text: around and looking back. When they
text: are retreating before infantry,
text: they merely trudge along, head
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Fascinating! Tell me, leaving
dialog: aside the question of grand
dialog: strategy, for the moment, what
dialog: would you say is the single most
dialog: difficult tactical skill to master?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Without a doubt, to estimate the
dialog: enemy's strength on the
dialog: battlefield. This is something that
dialog: is only acquired by experience and
dialog: instinct. At Jena, there were as
dialog: many opinions about strength of the
dialog: enemy as there were generals
dialog: present. Murat said there were
text: 50,000, preparing to attack.
dialog: Berthier said there were no more
text: than 25,000, about to withdraw.
dialog: "Berthier sees only what is in the
dialog: open," Murat said. "But don't
dialog: forget there is a second force
dialog: hidden in the forest." And so it
dialog: would always go, each of them would
dialog: judge things according to his own
dialog: ability, character and state of
dialog: mind, at the moment.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Ah, my dear Napoleon, sometimes I
dialog: feel that I am not really an
dialog: Emperor as you are.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I know absolutely nothing of war --
dialog: and I am still totally dependent
dialog: upon my generals.
text: Napoleon laughs, reassuringly.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: That is a problem, and I can
dialog: appreciate your feelings. But I'm
dialog: sure you have great talent for war,
dialog: and I could teach you a lot. If we
dialog: are ever at war again together, you
dialog: should lead, say, 30,000 men, under
dialog: my orders -- you would soon get the
dialog: feel of it.
scene_heading: INT. NAPOLEON'S BATHROOM - DAY
text: Napoleon soaks in a steaming tub.
text: Talleyrand, constantly wiping his glasses, balances on his
text: lap a thick sheaf of draft notes of the Treaty of Tilsit,
text: referring to them during the discussion.
speaker_heading: TALLEYRAND
dialog: Article 46, calls for the virtual
dialog: dismemberment of Prussia, reducing
dialog: her population by half and her army
text: to a token force.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Does she deserve anything better?
speaker_heading: TALLEYRAND
dialog: Those are extremely harsh terms.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I did not ask her to go to war
dialog: against me.
speaker_heading: TALLEYRAND
dialog: Has Alexander agreed to this?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Yes, he has.
text: Talleyrand looks dismayed and leafs through some more papers.
speaker_heading: TALLEYRAND
dialog: Now, the section headed "Secret
dialog: Clauses of the Treaty" -- Article
dialog: provides for Alexander to serve as
dialog: mediator between France and England
dialog: and, if he fails to achieve a
dialog: preliminary agreement within four
dialog: months, it further provides that
dialog: Russia is to go to war against
dialog: England, and close her ports to
dialog: English trade.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: That is correct.
speaker_heading: TALLEYRAND
dialog: Do you think Alexander has any
dialog: chance to succeed as a mediator?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I very seriously doubt it. I don't
dialog: think there is any possibility of
dialog: making peace with England so long
text: as she sees herself safe from
dialog: invasion. That is why we must
dialog: increase the pressure on her
dialog: economy. With Russia in the
dialog: Continental Blockade, England must
dialog: collapse. More than of her trade
dialog: is with the Continent and Russia.
speaker_heading: TALLEYRAND
dialog: England can make no move against
dialog: you on the Continent without
dialog: Austria. A reliable treaty with
dialog: Austria would end her hopes in that
dialog: regard.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: We have a treaty with Austria.
speaker_heading: TALLEYRAND
dialog: Not one I should like to rely on.
text: Francis is still smarting under the
dialog: terms he had to accept after
dialog: Austerlitz, and he is under great
dialog: pressure to recover his losses.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: My dear Talleyrand, none of the
dialog: Kings of Europe bear any friendship
dialog: for France. It is easy for you to
dialog: talk of reliable treaties. The
dialog: only treaties you have been able to
dialog: negotiate are the ones I have won
text: on the battlefield.
speaker_heading: TALLEYRAND
dialog: What I am talking about is
dialog: moderation.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: What you are talking about is a
dialog: gamble on moderation -- when I
dialog: gamble, I prefer to gamble on
dialog: force.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: TALLEYRAND
dialog: And where do you place Alexander?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Alexander and I are friends. We
dialog: have reached an understanding.
speaker_heading: TALLEYRAND
dialog: I hope that understanding is worth
dialog: as much as you think it is, sire.
dialog: My impression of Alexander is that
text: he is moody and impressionable,
dialog: capable of acting on sudden
text: impulses which then lead to sudden
text: embarrassments. He is an
dialog: unpredictable mixture of idealism
dialog: and vanity. You have dazzled him,
dialog: and you have performed a diplomatic
text: miracle, but Alexander is weak and
text: he is easily influenced by the last
text: one who has his ear.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: That is a matter of opinion.
speaker_heading: TALLEYRAND
dialog: Sire, you have only enemies in the
dialog: court of St. Petersburg, and I fear
dialog: outside your influence, Alexander
dialog: will have another look at what he
dialog: has agreed to.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: He will stand by his agreement -- I
dialog: know him better than you do.
scene_heading: EXT. NIEMEN RIVER - DAY
text: Napoleon and Alexander exchange fraternal embraces, on the
text: bank of the Niemen river. Music, cheers, massed troops,
text: flags, cannon salutes.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (embracing Alexander)
dialog: My dear Alexander, between us there
dialog: must never be any third parties.
dialog: We must always deal directly with
dialog: each other and never allow
dialog: Ministers or advisors to muddy the
dialog: waters.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: TITLE: THE FALL
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM TUILERIES - DAY
text: Present for the Imperial divorce are all the high officers of
dialog: the Crown and the Empire, the Bonaparte family, Hortense,
text: Eugene. Josephine is seated next to Napoleon, her eyes
text: downcast.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: The political interests of my
dialog: monarchy, and the wishes of my
dialog: people, require that I should
dialog: transmit to an heir, the throne, on
dialog: which providence has placed me.
dialog: For many years, I have lost all
dialog: hopes of having children by my
dialog: beloved wife, the Empress
dialog: Josephine. It is this
dialog: consideration which induces me to
dialog: sacrifice the dearest affections of
dialog: my heart, to consult only the good
dialog: of my subjects, and to desire the
dialog: dissolution of our marriage.
text: Josephine, holding a paper in her hands, tries to read it but
text: uncontrollable sobs choke her voice.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: With the permission of my august
dialog: and dear husband, I must declare
dialog: that, retaining no hope of having
dialog: children, who may satisfy the
dialog: requirements of his policy in the
dialog: interests of France, I have the
dialog: pleasure of giving him the greatest
dialog: proof of attachment and devotedness
dialog: that was ever given on earth...
text: She cannot continue, and breaks down completely. Eugene and
text: Hortense comfort her. Hortense is crying, too.
text: But the Bonaparte family watch the proceedings, unmoved. They
dialog: have never forgiven Josephine.
dialog: 89.
text: Napoleon is pale and shaken. He whispers to an official,
text: Regnault de Saint-Jean-d'Angely, who picks up Josephine's
text: speech from the floor. He reads the speech to the
text: accompaniment of Josephine's tears.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELY
dialog: I respond to all the sentiments of
dialog: the Emperor in consenting to the
dialog: dissolution of a marriage which is
text: now an obstacle to the happiness of
dialog: France, be depriving it of the
dialog: blessing of being, one day,
dialog: governed by the descendants of that
dialog: great man, who was evidently raised
text: up by providence to efface the
dialog: evils of a terrible revolution, and
dialog: to restore the altar, the throne
dialog: and social order.
scene_heading: EXT. MALMAISON GARDEN - DAY
text: Napoleon and Josephine walking, arm in arm. Their entourages
text: follow, a few hundred feet behind.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: On the day after the divorce,
dialog: Napoleon drove to Malmaison to
dialog: visit with Josephine, and this
dialog: visit was to set a pattern for all
dialog: those to come. They were always
dialog: announced in advance, there was
dialog: something ceremonious and
dialog: constrained about them, and they
dialog: always left Josephine in a state of
text: deep depression.
scene_heading: INT. MALMAISON DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The dining room at Malmaison. Josephine and Hortense are at
text: dinner. Josephine is reading a letter from Napoleon, her
text: food untouched. Hortense is nervous and upset.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: (reading from letter)
dialog: My dearest Josephine -- I was
dialog: heartsick at the sight of you
dialog: yesterday. I, too, am sad today
dialog: and need to know that you are more
dialog: composed. This great palace echoes
dialog: with emptiness and I feel terribly
dialog: isolated. I am dinning all alone
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE (cont'd)
dialog: The page I sent to Malmaison this
dialog: morning tells me he saw you
dialog: weeping. You promised me you would
dialog: stop. I want very much to come to
dialog: see you but you will have to show
dialog: more self-control.
text: Josephine puts the letter down.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: (vacantly)
dialog: Sometimes I have the feeling that I
dialog: am dead, and that the only sign of
dialog: life remaining to me is the vague
dialog: sensation that I no longer exist.
scene_heading: INT. TUILERIES BALLROOM - DAY
text: Napoleon is dancing with Murat. The only other person in the
text: large ballroom is Berthier. A trio of musicians, placed
text: outside the closed door, plays a waltz.
text: Murat is teaching Napoleon how to waltz. He is an expert
text: teacher, and Napoleon is a reasonable pupil. Berthier
text: watches glumly.
scene_heading: INT. AUSTRIAN EMBASSY RECEPTION IN PARIS - NIGHT
text: Duroc is dozing in an arm-chair. He is awakened by the
text: arrival of the Austrian Ambassador, Schwarzenburg, who enters
text: the room, covered with mud, his face smeared with blood, and
text: a deep cut behind his ear, trickling blood down on his
dialog: collar.
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: Good heavens, Ambassador -- what
dialog: has happened?
scene_heading: SCHWARZENBURG
dialog: Ah, good evening, my dear Duroc.
dialog: I'm afraid I've been out hunting
dialog: and I have had a rather bad fall.
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: Indeed you have, Ambassador. Have
dialog: you sent for a doctor?
dialog: gl.
scene_heading: SCHWARZENBURG
dialog: Yes, I have, and I hope you will
dialog: forgive me, Duroc, but unless your
dialog: visit is extremely urgent, I shall
dialog: have to ask you to excuse me until
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: I beg your indulgence, Ambassador,
dialog: but it is.
scene_heading: SCHWARZENBURG
dialog: (holding his face)
dialog: Oh?
text: He takes the Ambassador by the elbow and speaks softly so
dialog: that they cannot be overheard.
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: The Emperor has decided to marry
dialog: your Archduchess, Marie-Louise.
scene_heading: SCHWARZENBURG
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: Earlier this afternoon, the Emperor
dialog: refused the hand of the Grand
dialog: Duchess Anna, of Russia, and, as
dialog: I'm sure you can appreciate, he is
text: quite able to change his mind
dialog: again. For the Emperor, to choose
dialog: a wife, is only a matter of
dialog: minutes.
scene_heading: SCHWARZENBURG
dialog: But this is not a matter which can
dialog: be settled tonight, surely?
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: No one can say how the Emperor's
dialog: thoughts work, Ambassador, and
dialog: unless we move quickly, he might
text: change his mind again.
scene_heading: SCHWARZENBURG
dialog: But, my dear Duroc, how can I act
dialog: without guidance from Vienna? I
dialog: haven't the slightest idea of how
dialog: the Emperor Francis might feel
dialog: about this.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: May I suggest that we can prepare
dialog: and sign the agreement, between
dialog: ourselves, subject to the approval
dialog: of the two Emperors. Believe me,
dialog: my dear friend, your Archduchess,
dialog: Marie-Louis, may very well hold, in
dialog: her hands, the future of our two
dialog: countries.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM SCHONBRUNN PALACE - DAY
text: The proxy wedding of Marie-Louis and Napoleon in Vienna. The
text: Archduke Charles stands in for the absent Napoleon.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS II
dialog: I grant my daughter's hand to the
dialog: Emperor of the French.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: I, with my father's permission,
dialog: give my consent to my union with
dialog: the Emperor Napoleon.
text: Berthier turns to Marie-Louise, presents her with a letter
text: from Napoleon, and a portrait of him, in a medallion,
text: surrounded by 12 extremely large diamonds.
scene_heading: INT. IMPERIAL COACH - RAIN - NIGHT
text: Marie-Louise's coach, and those of her entourage bounce along
text: a road near Compiegne, in a driving rain storm.
text: Napoleon's sister, Caroline, Queen of Naples, reviews the
dialog: protocol to be followed.
text: Marie-Louise looks tired, confused, slightly sick and
text: anxious.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (reading)
dialog: On arriving, the Empress Marie-
dialog: Louise will ascend the steps on the
dialog: north side, and the Emperor
dialog: Napoleon will use those on the
dialog: south side. The monarchs will
text: arrive at the middle
text: simultaneously. Upon perceiving
dialog: the Emperor, the Empress will kneel
text: and bow her head, and the Emperor
dialog: will raise and embrace her.
dialog: 93.
text: Suddenly, there is a banging on the windowpane, and the women
text: shriek.
text: The door opens, and a man, on horseback, jumps in.
text: Marie-Louis is seized, passionately embraced and drenched, by
text: a rain-soaked cloak. Shrieks and laughter.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Good evening, ladies. You must
dialog: forgive me, my dearest wife, but I
dialog: simply could not wait to see you.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: Oh, then you are...
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Yes, my dearest Marie-Louise, I am
dialog: your husband.
text: They both laugh.
text: Napoleon looks at her, admiringly, and takes her hand.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: My dear, sweet Marie-Louis, you are
dialog: even more beautiful than your
dialog: portrait.
text: Marie-Louise giggles and lowers her eyes.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: And, where did you see my portrait?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Ah, you must forgive me, my dearest
dialog: Marie-Louise, I saw it during one
dialog: of my stays at your palace -- at
dialog: Schonbrunn.
text: They both laugh.
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (jokingly)
dialog: I hope you will forgive me for any
dialog: inconveniences I may have caused
dialog: you, and your family, in the past.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: And, you, my dear wife, do you find
dialog: that I resemble my portraits?
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: You are much younger, and much more
dialog: handsome, than your pictures.
text: She giggles.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Good! Good! Then we are both
dialog: pleased with each other. How
dialog: fortunate we are -- eh? How
dialog: fortunate we are!
scene_heading: INT. COMPIEGNE BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Napoleon and Marie-Louise in bed, the marriage is about to be
text: consummated. Her cloistered upbringing has not prepared her
text: very well for this moment. Each time Napoleon is about to
text: take her in his arms, she speaks.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: Do you like music?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Yes, I do -- very much.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: Will I be able to play the harp?
dialog: It is an instrument of which I am
dialog: very fond.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Of course, my dear.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: You are so good to me. Will you
dialog: also allow me to have a botanical
dialog: garden?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: You may have anything you wish, my
dialog: sweet and lovely Marie-Louise.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: I am told that Fontainebleau has
dialog: many lovely views. I know nothing
dialog: more interesting than a lovely
dialog: countryside.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I am sure you will enjoy the French
dialog: countryside.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: I hope you have patience with me.
dialog: I do not know how to dance the
dialog: quadrille but, if you desire it, I
dialog: will learn.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I only desire what gives you
dialog: pleasure, my dearest.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: Will it be possible to have my dog,
dialog: Bijou, sent here? I was not
dialog: allowed to bring her and I love her
dialog: so much.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Of course, my dear -- how cruel to
dialog: have been separated from her. And
dialog: how strange it must be for you to
dialog: be here, away from your family and
dialog: everything you know.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: Oh, no, I am very happy. But you
dialog: must have patience with me... I
dialog: know nothing at all of what a wife
dialog: must know. And I know nothing
dialog: about men. My papa has never
dialog: allowed me even to have a pet of
dialog: the male gender.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Did the Emperor or Empress give you
dialog: any... instructions of any kind...
dialog: before you left?
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: Papa said only to comply with any
dialog: request you might make of me.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Oh, my dearest child -- you must
dialog: not worry about anything. I will
dialog: teach you everything that you must
dialog: know.
text: Napoleon sits up in bed.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Do you know the joke about the two
text: Swiss boys who go to a bordello for
dialog: the first time?
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Well, two nice little Swiss boys,
dialog: who are virgins, decide they will
dialog: save up their money and go to a
dialog: bordello.
text: Marie-Louise giggles.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
text: At the door, one of them loses his
text: nerve and decides to wait in the
text: street while his more adventuresome
text: friend goes inside. Fifteen
text: minutes later his friend comes out.
text: Napoleon does the dialogue with a heavy Swiss accent.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: "Well, what was it like?" the timid
text: one asks. "Oh," his friend
dialog: nonchalantly replied, "The
dialog: movements are ridiculously simple,
dialog: but the feeling is wonderful!"
text: Marie-Louise shrieks with laughter which persists until tears
text: run down her cheeks.
text: Napoleon gently takes her into his arms.
scene_heading: MARIE-LOUISE
dialog: (trembling)
dialog: Blow out the candle, please.
text: He does. The screen is black. We hear some heavy breathing,
text: then Marie-Louise, giggling -- then, themes and variations of
text: her giggling.
scene_heading: EXT. TUILERIES BALCONY - DAY
text: Napoleon holds up his son, the infant King of Rome, to the
text: cheering multitude below. Standing beside him are Marie-
text: Louise, his mother and entourage.
scene_heading: EXT. MALMAISON ZOO - DAY
text: Josephine is showing the year-old, King of Rome, the small
text: Malmaison zoo. She carries him in her arms.
dialog: 97.
text: Madame de Montesquiou, a kind woman, the child's governess,
text: walks along with them.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: Ah, my dear Madame de Montesquiou,
dialog: you have no idea what happiness it
dialog: brings me to see this child, at
dialog: last. I was told the very idea of
dialog: such a visit would too much
dialog: distress the Empress.
speaker_heading: MONTESQUIOU
dialog: I am delighted to be of service to
dialog: you again, Your Highness. And I
dialog: can tell you, my instructions came
text: directly from the Emperor, with a
dialog: caution to be discreet.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Oh... I see. I understand. How
dialog: is... the Emperor?
speaker_heading: MONTESQUIOU
dialog: I rarely see him, Your Highness,
dialog: but I believe he is in excellent
dialog: health, and he is very happy with
dialog: the child.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Ah, that is good.
speaker_heading: MONTESQUIOU
dialog: And, you seem in excellent health,
dialog: Your Highness.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Ah, well, my dear Madame de
dialog: Montesquiou, peace of mind can
dialog: eventually be a substitute for
dialog: happiness.
text: Suddenly, the little boy begins making happy noises about one
text: of the animals, and Josephine hugs him. Her eyes fill with
dialog: tears.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: My dear sweet child, one day,
dialog: perhaps you will know the sacrifice
dialog: I have made for you, and I leave it
dialog: to your governess to make you aware
dialog: of it.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: EXT. TUILERIES GARDEN - DAY
text: Imperial Guard sergeant proudly carries the King of Rome.
text: Napoleon and Marie-Louise are seated on a park bench nearby.
speaker_heading: MARIE-LOUISE (V.O.)
dialog: My adorable papa, I can announce to
dialog: you that your prophesy has been
dialog: realized. I am as happy as
dialog: possible. My husband loves me
dialog: profoundly and I return his
dialog: affection. I feel sure that I
dialog: shall live happily with him. I
dialog: assure you, my dear papa, that the
dialog: Emperor is as careful of my health
dialog: as you would be.
scene_heading: EXT. TUILERIES GARDEN - DAY
text: King of Rome, now 1 1/2 years-old, riding in a magnificently
text: decorated cart, pulled by two lambs, supervised by Napoleon,
text: Marie-Louise, Duroc and Murat.
scene_heading: INT. TUILERIES NURSERY - DAY
text: The King of Rome is asleep, holding onto one of Napoleon's
text: fingers. Letizia looks lovingly at her son and grandson.
text: Magnificent toys are scattered about the room.
scene_heading: TITLE: DEFEAT
scene_heading: EXT. NARROW RUSSIAN ROAD - DAY
text: A narrow, sandy track. A French courier, Major Fidon, in a
text: heavy barouche, is making slow progress. Immediately behind
text: him is a Russian light kibitka, which has, for some time,
text: been unsuccessfully trying to pass him. The driver of the
text: Russian vehicle is impatiently ringing a bell and cursing.
speaker_heading: MAJOR FIDON
dialog: (taps on the window)
dialog: Stop the carriage!
text: The French driver brings the horses to a sudden halt, almost
text: causing a collision from the rear.
text: The French courier storms out and hurries to the Russian
text: carriage. Ignoring the driver, he unceremoniously opens the
text: door and addresses a very distinguished looking Russian
text: gentleman seated inside.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: MAJOR FIDON
dialog: (bristling with anger)
dialog: Good day, monsieur. Do you think
dialog: it is possible for you to tell your
dialog: driver to stop ringing that bell?
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN GENTLEMAN
dialog: My regrets, my dear Major, but I
dialog: believe you have been blocking the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: MAJOR FIDON
dialog: Are you trying to provoke me,
dialog: monsieur?
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN GENTLEMAN
dialog: No, Major, I merely wish to state
dialog: that your vehicle appears to be
text: somewhat slower and heavier than
dialog: mine, and point out that, if you
dialog: would be kind enough to pull over
dialog: to one side of the road, I could
dialog: pass you and be on my way.
speaker_heading: MAJOR FIDON
dialog: May I inform you, monsieur, that I
dialog: am Major Fidon, official courier to
dialog: the court of the Emperor Napoleon,
dialog: on my way to our Embassy at St.
dialog: Petersburg and, in accordance with
dialog: the rules of the road, no one may
dialog: overtake or pass me.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN GENTLEMAN
dialog: Before you quote the rules of the
dialog: road to me, Major, may I point out
dialog: to you that you are not in France
dialog: now, but that you are a guest in
dialog: Russia.
speaker_heading: MAJOR FIDON
dialog: If I have given you any cause to be
dialog: insulted, monsieur, may I offer you
dialog: immediate satisfaction?
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN GENTLEMAN
dialog: (pulling his door closed)
dialog: If you wish to put things on that
dialog: basis, then I will say good day to
dialog: you, monsieur.
text: The French officer glares at him and walks back to his
text: carriage. He gets back inside and drives off, still blocking
dialog: the road.
dialog: 100.
text: Suddenly, the road widens and it becomes possible for the
text: Russian to pass. The driver seizes the opportunity and
text: easily passes the French barouche.
speaker_heading: MAJOR FIDON
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Insolent bastard! Insolent
dialog: bastard!
text: In a fury, the French courier pulls out his pistol, leans out
text: of the window and fires several poorly-aimed shots at the
text: rapidly diminishing vehicle.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: By 1810, relations between France
dialog: and Russia were wearing thin. The
dialog: terms Russia had agreed to at
dialog: Tilsit, three years earlier, were
text: proving to be unrealistic and
text: ruinous to her.
scene_heading: INT. KREMLIN OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Tsar Alexander and Caulaincourt. Alexander is slightly
dialog: drunk.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: It is a thing entirely unknown in
dialog: diplomacy, that one government
dialog: should assume a right to dictate to
dialog: another, who is upon terms of
dialog: equality, the conditions on which
dialog: she should conduct her commerce;
dialog: and, assuming such a right, second
dialog: it by threatening language, in case
dialog: of non-compliance.
speaker_heading: CAULAINCOURT
dialog: But, Your Majesty, the very
dialog: substance of the Tilsit treaty was
dialog: that you should join the
dialog: Continental Blockade, boycott
dialog: English goods, suspend all
dialog: commercial dealings with her, and
dialog: be France's ally. Nothing more is
dialog: being asked than to comply with the
dialog: treaty.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: My dear Caulaincourt, agreements
dialog: can endure only when they allow
dialog: both sides to live.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (cont'd)
dialog: Napoleon may believe it is
dialog: necessary to injure England but,
text: before that, he must realize it is
dialog: necessary for him to allow his
dialog: friends to live. He cannot expect
dialog: me to tell my nobles they must ruin
dialog: themselves so that he can bring
dialog: England to her knees -- and I'm
dialog: afraid that is what it has come to.
speaker_heading: CAULAINCOURT
dialog: I can appreciate what Your Majesty
dialog: is saying but the Emperor has
dialog: staked everything on this policy.
dialog: He has no other way to attack
dialog: England, and no one knows more than
dialog: Your Majesty how his overtures for
dialog: peace have been rejected.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: It's a fine thing to establish
dialog: policies but, when they don't work,
dialog: they must be reconsidered. Granted
dialog: that you have hurt England, but she
text: is still on her feet. And to seal
dialog: off her trade with Europe, what has
dialog: it cost you? You have had to rule
dialog: with an iron hand. You have turned
dialog: friends into enemies. And even at
dialog: that, the result has only been
dialog: partly effective. You have never
dialog: been able to stop the extensive
dialog: cheating, smuggling and corruption -
dialog: - even of your own officials. But
dialog: I should think the situation in
dialog: Spain, alone, would give your
dialog: policy a minus balance. You have
dialog: had to commit a quarter of a
dialog: million of your best troops against
text: the guerrillas, with no victory in
dialog: sight. And you have given England a
dialog: dangerous foothold on the
dialog: Continent, for her armies.
speaker_heading: CAULAINCOURT
dialog: I am in no position to debate this
dialog: with you, Your Majesty, but can you
dialog: imagine what a blow it will be to
dialog: the Emperor if you should now
dialog: desert his cause? It would mean
dialog: nothing less than victory for
dialog: England.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: My dear Caulaincourt, you have no
dialog: idea of how compromised my own
dialog: position has become since Tilsit.
dialog: I am blamed by the army for the
dialog: military disaster at Austerlitz and
dialog: Friedland, by the nobility for
dialog: ruining their trade with England,
dialog: by the merchants who must accept
dialog: French foods at unprofitable
dialog: prices, and by the nation for
dialog: allowing Napoleon to dictate
dialog: Russian policy.
text: Alexander comes up to Caulaincourt and takes his arm.
text: speaks slowly and factually.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Caulaincourt, my father was
text: strangled in his bed by his own
dialog: Palace Guard. Can you blame me for
dialog: not wishing to meet the same end?
text: Caulaincourt is at a loss for a reply.
speaker_heading: CAULAINCOURT
dialog: Your Majesty knows my affection for
dialog: him is deep and genuine, and goes
dialog: far beyond my official role as
dialog: Ambassador. But I would be remiss
dialog: in my feelings for you, and in my
dialog: responsibility to the Emperor, if I
dialog: did not say that it is entirely
dialog: possible that the Emperor will view
dialog: your refutation of the terms of the
dialog: Treaty of Tilsit, as the first step
dialog: in the exchange of a French
dialog: alliance for an English one -- with
dialog: all the dangers that might entail.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (after a long pause)
dialog: I have given a great deal of
dialog: thought to that possibility, and I
dialog: am prepared to face it. If it
dialog: should come to war, and I presume
dialog: that is what you are alluding to, I
dialog: would rather have war with the
dialog: Emperor than my own people.
dialog: 102.
dialog: He
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INT. NAPOLEON'S OFFICE TUILERIES - DAY
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: Monsieur Barbier, I would like to
dialog: have all the books, that are best
dialog: worth consulting, on the topography
dialog: of Russia, and especially of
dialog: Lithuania, with special attention
dialog: to the rivers, forests, roads,
dialog: marshes and so forth. I would also
dialog: like to have the most detailed
dialog: account there is of Charles XII's
dialog: campaigns in Poland and Russia.
scene_heading: INT. NAPOLEON'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Maps and books are everywhere. Napoleon is on his hands and
text: knees, creeping around on a huge map of Russia.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The seeds of the Russian campaign
dialog: of were planted at Tilsit, in and
dialog: began to bear fruit in when
dialog: Alexander reopened his ports to
dialog: British goods and imposed high
dialog: tariffs on French imports. From
dialog: then on, the situation between
dialog: France and Russia steadily began to
dialog: deteriorate -- friction grew,
dialog: accusations were exchanged,
dialog: spasmodic negotiations were
dialog: attempted, tension increased and
dialog: extensive military preparations
text: were carried out by both sides.
scene_heading: EXT. DRESDEN STREET - DAY
text: Crowds. Honor Guard. Imperial carriages. Napoleon and
dialog: Marie-Louise greet Francis of Austria, Frederich Wilhelm of
text: Prussia, and the other Kings.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon had made up his mind that
dialog: a showdown with Russia was
dialog: inevitable. Dresden was appointed
text: as a mutual rendezvous for all the
dialog: Kings, Princes, Dukes and dependent
dialog: royalties of every description, who
dialog: were subordinates to Napoleon, or
dialog: who hoped for good or evil at his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: And it was here, on May 16, where
dialog: for the last time he would appear
dialog: as King of Kings.
dialog: Emperor Francis of Austria and his wife, Maria Ludovica,
text: embrace the Imperial couple.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (embracing Francis)
dialog: Since my marriage, some people have
dialog: said the lion has been sleeping --
dialog: they will now see whether he has
dialog: been sleeping.
text: Good-natured laughter.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The Emperor of Austria, with his
dialog: Empress, had come to honor his
dialog: mighty son-in-law. But he had
dialog: already written to Alexander that
dialog: the Treaty just signed with France
dialog: should not, he hoped, prevent
dialog: Russia and Austria from continuing
dialog: their secret understanding,
dialog: relative to their common political
dialog: views.
text: King Frederich Wilhelm embracing them.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The King of Prussia also came to
text: pay his respects. He had already
text: written to Alexander, excusing
dialog: himself for having yielded to
text: irresistible force and fatality.
dialog: "If war breaks out, we shall harm
dialog: each other only as much as is
dialog: strictly necessary, remembering
dialog: constantly that we are one, that we
dialog: must one day be allies again."
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN PALATIAL ROOM - DAY
text: Napoleon and the monarchs are seated at a large table.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Never was the success of an
dialog: expedition more certain. I see on
dialog: all sides nothing but probabilities
dialog: in my favor.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (cont'd)
dialog: For the first time, I advance at
text: the head of the combined forces of
dialog: France, Austria, Italy, Germany,
dialog: the Confederation of the Rhine, and
dialog: Poland.
text: He smiles at each ruler as their country is mentioned.
speaker_heading: EMPEROR FRANCIS
dialog: Let us hope that just the sight of
dialog: our preparations will cause
dialog: Alexander to yield.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: That is my fervent hope. I love
dialog: Alexander, as a brother, and wish
dialog: him no harm.
scene_heading: FREDERICH WILHELM
dialog: If war should come, Alexander has
dialog: sworn he will not make peace under
dialog: any conditions, however many
dialog: battles he may lose, using the size
dialog: of his country, the poverty of the
dialog: soil and the rigors of the climate,
dialog: to wear you down.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I know he has said that, and I am
dialog: sure that he would like to believe
dialog: it's true. But Russia is a semi-
dialog: Asiatic nation which cannot field
dialog: an army as large as your own, and
dialog: has no literature or music to speak
dialog: of. It is a barbarian nation, and
dialog: barbarians are superstitious and
dialog: have simple ideas. A single blow
dialog: delivered at the heart of the
dialog: Russian Empire, at Moscow the
dialog: Great, Moscow the Holy, will, ina
dialog: single instant, put this whole
text: blind apathetic mass into despair.
text: Napoleon pauses, thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I know Alexander. His imagination
dialog: must be struck by some great, bold,
dialog: powerful stroke, and he will come
text: back to me, just as he did at
dialog: Friedland.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: EXT. BANK OF VISTULA RIVER - DAY
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: With his army of 400,000 men in
text: concealed bivouacs, on a ten mile
text: front, in the forests, bordering
text: the banks of the Vistula river,
dialog: Napoleon conducted a last minute
dialog: personal reconnaissance, disguised
text: in the uniform of a Polish lancer.
text: Napoleon rides along the river bank, accompanied by Berthier,
text: Murat, Duroc, Bessieres and Davout, all similarly disguised.
text: The opposite bank of the river is silent and deserted. The
text: only sounds to be heard are those of the river and of birds
dialog: singing.
text: Suddenly, Napoleon's horse stumbles and falls. Napoleon is
text: stunned and helped to his feet by his concerned entourage.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Well, this is an ill-omen, indeed.
dialog: Caesar would probably turn back.
text: There is uneasy laughter.
scene_heading: EXT. FLAT RUSSIAN COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Impressive shot of the Grand Army on the march. Maximum
dialog: numbers.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The campaign of 1812 was the first
dialog: time in which Napoleon had a marked
dialog: superiority of numbers, but in
text: accumulating such a mass of uneven
dialog: quality, he would defeat his
dialog: object, which was to bring about
text: another Austerlitz or Friedland.
scene_heading: EXT. FLAT RUSSIAN COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Russian army retreating in good order.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The disparity of numbers left the
dialog: Russians no option but to avoid
text: battle and repeatedly disengage,
dialog: however much political pressure
dialog: developed for them to stand and
dialog: fight.
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSIAN VILLAGE - DAY
text: Russian rear guard cavalry setting light to the deserted
dialog: houses.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Alexander gave orders that his
dialog: retiring army should blow up
text: bridges behind them, destroy the
dialog: cities and villages, remove all the
dialog: necessities of life, and leave
text: behind them, nothing but a desert
dialog: waste.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL - DAY
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Although the Russians refused any
dialog: major encounters, there was fierce
dialog: fighting between the French advance
text: guard and the Russian rear guard.
text: Concealed in some trees, the Russian rear guard cavalry
text: occupies a height, above a village occupied by the French
text: advance guard infantry.
text: Fifty French grenadiers, part of the advance guard, ascends
text: the hill, unaware of the enemy cavalry waiting for them.
text: When the French infantry are half way up the hill, the
text: Russian cuirassiers and cossacks gallop down the hill and
text: surround the grenadiers, who immediately form into a square.
text: It is no contest. 200 cavalry against 50 infantry, with no
text: help in sight.
text: The Russian officer commanding the cavalry rides up to them,
text: demanding their surrender. The officer, in command of the
text: French, answers by killing him with a pistol shot. Upon this,
text: the Russian cavalry, inexplicably, leave the field, allowing
dialog: the French to withdraw.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MAP
text: Showing progress of the Grand
dialog: Army's march through Russia during
dialog: the summer of 1812.
text: Narration to explain situation.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: The Tsar's scorched earth strategy
dialog: was in line with the views of some
dialog: of the more enlightened Russian
text: strategists, but the army and the
dialog: people were full of reckless
dialog: confidence and impatience for
text: battle, and the long retreat to
dialog: Moscow filled them with bitterness
text: and a sense of feebleness and
text: incompetence at the top.
scene_heading: INT. ROSTOPCHIN'S SALON - NIGHT
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: As Napoleon approached Moscow, the
dialog: court of St. Petersburg was in
text: despair, and the Tsar, his resolve
text: shaken, was ready to sue for peace.
dialog: Now, the intervention of one man,
dialog: Count Feodor Vasilievitch
dialog: Rostopchin, the Governor of Moscow,
dialog: would have a decisive effect on the
dialog: course of history.
dialog: 108.
text: Rostopchin is a steady man, a good husband and father -- a
text: man of gentle and attractive manners, with a superior and
text: cultivated mind. Present are the head of the secret police,
text: and eleven senior Moscow officials. The doors are locked,
text: the shades are down and the men speak in low voices.
speaker_heading: ROSTOPCHIN
dialog: My friends, I have it now on
dialog: excellent authority that the French
dialog: will enter Moscow within a few
text: days. Kutusov still swears he will
dialog: fight to the death, but I have
dialog: learned, on excellent authority, he
dialog: has plans to surrender the city
dialog: without a struggle. Our empire is
text: almost overthrown. The court of
dialog: St. Petersburg trembles, and will
dialog: begin peace negotiations as soon as
text: Napoleon enters the Kremlin. One
dialog: can only imagine what will be lost.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: ROSTOPCHIN (cont'd)
dialog: My friends, we are living in a time
dialog: when men of conviction must be
dialog: prepared to influence the nation
dialog: even without the approval of their
dialog: sovereign. They must dare to
dialog: evaluate the public and private
dialog: interests which they may be called
text: upon a sacrifice.
text: He looks around the group.
speaker_heading: ROSTOPCHIN
dialog: The flames of our beloved Moscow
dialog: will erect a barrier of fire
dialog: between the Tsar and all weakness,
dialog: and they will rob from Napoleon the
text: end and the aim of his campaign.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ROSTOPCHIN
dialog: Is there anyone who wishes to
dialog: withdraw?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: ROSTOPCHIN
dialog: Very well -- there is a great deal
dialog: to be organized.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL OVERLOOKING MOSCOW - DAY
text: Napoleon standing on the summit of Sparrow Hill, looking at
text: the glittering domes and minarets of Moscow, in the distance.
text: Moscow is lordly and striking, with the steeples of its 30
text: churches, and its copper domes glittering in the sun; its
text: palaces of eastern architecture mingled with trees and
text: surrounded with gardens; and its Kremlin, a huge triangular
text: mass of towers, something between a palace and a castle.
text: But not a chimney sends up smoke, not a man appears on the
text: battlements or at the gates. All is silence. His marshals
text: are gathered around him.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: It was all very well for Alexander
dialog: to do more damage to his country
dialog: than I could possibly do, but he
dialog: could not destroy Moscow. This is
dialog: the prize that will end the war.
dialog: You will see, we will have peace
text: offerings from him within a few
dialog: days.
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSCOW STREET - DAY
text: A French cavalry patrol finds Moscow a ghost-town, deserted,
text: lifeless, a city of the dead, except for the eerie echo of
text: their horses' hoofs.
text: Behind them, a column of a 100 infantry march, led by a
text: drummer and a drum-major.
text: Suddenly, a wild-looking man, with long grey hair down to his
text: shoulders, and a thick white beard, armed with a pitchfork,
text: rushes out of an alley and into the path of the troops.
text: He is such an incredible sight, the men laugh at him.
speaker_heading: DRUM-MAJOR
dialog: Hello, grandfather. Are you the
dialog: only welcome we shall have today?
text: More laughter.
text: The old man suddenly attacks the drum-major with the
text: pitchfork, which the unfortunate man takes full in the belly,
text: letting out a horrible scream.
text: Several soldiers rush up to the old man and drag him off.
text: An officer shouts to bayonet him.
text: A soldier stabs at him but finds his bayonet will not
text: penetrate the man's thick sheepskin coat. Several others
dialog: have the same result.
text: The officer rides up and, without further ado, shoot him with
text: his pistol, accidentally wounding a French soldier in the
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: INT. KREMLIN BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Napoleon is sleeping heavily. Duroc and Caulaincourt stand
text: over him, gently trying to wake him.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: What do you want?
text: Napoleon immediately becomes aware of the strange light in
text: the room, leaps out of bed and rushes to the window. The
text: entire city seems to be in flames.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: My God...! What time is it?
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: DUROC
text: Four o'clock.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: My God, what a fire!
text: They stand in silence.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: When did it start?
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: The first reports came in at about
dialog: ten.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Why didn't you wake me then?
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: At first, it hardly seemed more
text: than a routine fire.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: How did it spread so quickly?
speaker_heading: DUROC
text: It is the work of incendiaries.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I told Mortier that he would answer
dialog: with his life for any looting.
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: Our troops have no part in this.
dialog: It has been started by the
dialog: Russians!
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Impossible, I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: We have already captured a dozen
dialog: incendiaries, convicts, released
dialog: just two days ago. They said they
dialog: were acting under orders of the
dialog: secret police.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: But to start a fire like this in
dialog: five hours -- how is it possible?
dialog: It would take a carefully organized
text: plan, tons of combustibles and
text: hundreds of people.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: DUROC
dialog: From what we can tell, there are
text: hundreds of agents, all over the
text: city. The combustibles seem to
dialog: have been carefully placed
dialog: beforehand, and all the fire-
dialog: engines have been removed from the
dialog: city.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: My God -- this could be very bad
dialog: for us... very bad, indeed.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSCOW STREET - NIGHT
text: Fires are started by wild-looking men and women in rags,
text: wandering about in the flames. An official of the secret
text: police gives orders and carefully writes something in a
dialog: notebook.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSCOW STREET - NIGHT
text: Three Russians, one of whom is armed with a lance, the second
text: with a sword, the third a lighted torch, are setting fire to
text: a house.
text: A party of 5, unarmed, French soldiers, dragging a cart
text: containing loot, surprises them.
text: The Russian with the lance puts himself in a position of
text: defense. The others simply ignore the French and continue
dialog: about their work.
text: One of the Frenchmen grabs a long pole from a smoldering
text: carriage, using it as a quarterstaff, and attacks the man
text: armed with the lance; he quickly breaks both his legs and the
text: Russian falls with a terrible cry of pain. The Frenchman
text: strikes him on the head killing him.
text: The other two Russians run away.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSCOW STREET - DAY
text: Some French soldiers making jam fritters in the smoldering
text: ruins of a bakery while the fire rages at the other end of
text: the street, and furniture, sliding down from collapsing
text: floors, crashes to the pavement.
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM ST. PETERSBURG PALACE - NIGHT
text: Alexander is in bed with a heavy cold, and in a foul mood.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: I hope you will forgive me, Your
dialog: Majesty, for requesting an audience
dialog: at such a late hour, but I have
dialog: traveled all the way from Moscow to
dialog: see you, on a matter which cannot
dialog: wait.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Very well, General, what is it you
dialog: wish to say?
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: Your Majesty, I have been advised
dialog: that you have received a letter
dialog: from Napoleon, offering a peace
dialog: treaty, and that you have decided
dialog: to accept it.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I have decided to accept the
dialog: principle of a negotiation; the
dialog: terms are not established.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: If I may, Your Majesty, I would
dialog: like to offer a dissenting opinion.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: General Kutusov, feel free to say
dialog: whatever you like.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: I believe I am right in saying
dialog: that, before the fire, the country
dialog: had grown weary of the war, and
dialog: there were few who were interested
text: in continuing the battle.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Proceed.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: But, since the fire, a completely
dialog: new spirit has been aroused in the
dialog: nation. The French have become an
dialog: army of criminals, against whom
dialog: Russia must be avenged, against
text: whom she is now prepared to fight
dialog: to the death.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You know, General Kutusov, there is
dialog: a very strong possibility that the
dialog: fire was not started by Napoleon's
dialog: troops but was organized under the
dialog: orders of Rostopchin's secret
dialog: police.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: I have heard that story but I do
dialog: not believe it.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Rostopchin is a fanatic and he is
dialog: capable of anything -- however, it
dialog: doesn't affect what we are talking
dialog: about. Please go on.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: The point I was trying to make is
dialog: that I think it is reasonable to
dialog: say that Your Majesty would not
text: find himself under unbearable
dialog: pressure, if he decided to make
dialog: peace with the Emperor, at least at
dialog: this time.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: For the sake of your argument, let
dialog: us say that is correct.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: Well, has Your Majesty considered
dialog: what Napoleon's alternatives might
dialog: be, if you simply chose to ignore
dialog: his note?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes, General Kutusov, I daresay
dialog: that this has been considered and
text: discussed at great length.
dialog: Napoleon would simply spend the
dialog: winter in Moscow and continue the
dialog: campaign in the spring. Another
dialog: lesser possibility might be to
dialog: march on St. Petersburg now,
dialog: although there is some doubt that
dialog: he has the strength to do this,
text: until he refits his army.
dialog: Pause.
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: You have my absolute assurance,
dialog: Your Majesty, that Napoleon does
dialog: not have the strength to attack St.
text: Petersburg now -- his army is
text: exhausted and ill-supplied, and he
dialog: would be defeated if he attempted
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I will accept your assurance, but
dialog: I'm afraid I don't see your point.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: Forgive me, Your Majesty, I am
text: about to make it.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Ah, yes -- proceed.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: The point is that I don't think
dialog: Napoleon will sit in Moscow until
dialog: the spring! I don't think he can
dialog: afford to.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: It would be a sensible decision if
dialog: he were merely commander of the
dialog: army, but he is also the Emperor of
dialog: France. Can he afford to stay away
dialog: from Paris for what will amount to
text: a year by the time he commences his
dialog: campaign again in the spring? And,
dialog: even if he might consider this, his
dialog: lines of communication are over-
dialog: stretched and vulnerable -- they
dialog: can be easily cut by our cossacks.
dialog: Will he then be willing to remain,
dialog: completely out of touch with Paris -
dialog: - for a year? The French are like
dialog: women. You cannot stay away from
dialog: them for too long.
text: The Tsar sneezes and blows his nose.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Well, that is a very interesting
dialog: idea, General Kutusov, but I can
dialog: assure you that Napoleon is no
text: beginner at this.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (cont'd)
dialog: Whatever analysis you have done on
dialog: this situation, I am sure that he
text: has gone over the same ground.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: I have no doubt that he has, Your
dialog: Majesty, but does he have any
dialog: strong moves from which to choose?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Well, one thing immediately comes
dialog: to mind, if what you are saying is
dialog: true -- he would merely withdraw
dialog: his army from Moscow and return to
dialog: Poland for the winter.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: Your Majesty has grasped the
dialog: outlines of his problem in much
dialog: less time than it took me. This is
dialog: a crucial point -- and it isa
dialog: political one, which Your Majesty
dialog: will be in a far better position to
dialog: answer than I. Can Napoleon afford
dialog: to abandon Moscow without signing
dialog: even the preliminaries of a peace
dialog: treaty with you?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I must confess he would look a bit
text: silly, fighting his way to Moscow
text: and turning right around again.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: Perhaps it would be even more
dialog: serious than that, Your Majesty.
dialog: His European confederation is held
dialog: together by some very slender
dialog: threads. Your Majesty knows even
dialog: better than I that Austria and
dialog: Prussia are very doubtful allies,
dialog: and the Emperor has reason enough
dialog: to fear that they will turn on him,
text: at the first sign of weakness.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Proceed.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: If I can presume to go into the
dialog: Emperor's mind, I believe that he
dialog: has based his entire campaign
dialog: strategy on obtaining a peace
dialog: treaty after the fall of Moscow.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV (cont'd)
dialog: When Vienna fell, there was a peace
dialog: treaty. When Berlin fell, another
dialog: treaty. That has always been the
dialog: rules of the game. But what is he
dialog: to do now if no treaty is forth-
dialog: coming? He knows that beyond
dialog: Moscow, there is nothing, and that,
dialog: if he withdraws, there remains only
text: a fall into emptiness.
text: Alexander is thoughtful.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What do you think Napoleon will do?
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: I, personally, am convinced that he
dialog: will withdraw his army from Moscow,
dialog: and attempt to establish himself in
dialog: Poland for the winter. In the end,
dialog: he will not allow himself to be cut
dialog: off from Paris. But I believe that
dialog: if he is offered any encouragement,
dialog: by Your Majesty, he will postpone
dialog: this decision as long as possible.
dialog: He is a gambler and he will trust
dialog: to his luck.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: If he withdraws his army in good
dialog: order, it will be a serious
dialog: political defeat. But, if he
dialog: should be caught on the move, with
text: his army, in the full grip of
dialog: winter, then it will be a
dialog: catastrophe. If Your Majesty can
dialog: prolong his hopes for a treaty by
dialog: silence, be deceit, by any means,
dialog: for another month, thus postponing
text: his departure, then the graves of
text: his army are already dug in the
dialog: soil of Russia.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: General Kutusov, I would like to
dialog: call a meeting of my cabinet
dialog: tomorrow morning and have you
dialog: present this idea to them. I think
dialog: it has merit and is worthy of
dialog: consideration.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: GENERAL KUTUSOV
dialog: I am at your disposal, Your
dialog: Majesty.
scene_heading: EXT. KREMLIN BALCONY - DAY
text: It is a fine, fall day. Napoleon and a small entourage are
text: having lunch outside on a balcony overlooking Moscow.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Day after day of fine autumn
dialog: weather was allowed to slip away,
dialog: while Napoleon waited for the word
dialog: from Alexander which would never
dialog: come. The weather was so fine and
text: the temperature so mild that it
dialog: seemed as if even the season was
text: conspiring to deceive Napoleon.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY
text: Murat and his staff are exchanging gifts with the Cossack
text: officers and soldiers, who treat Murat with great respect.
text: Drinks, food and song: the mood is one of expansive warmth,
text: in the manner the Russians so easily generate.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: His troops fraternized with the
dialog: enemy and reported them
text: demoralized, and tired of war.
scene_heading: EXT. KREMLIN COURTYARD - DAY
text: The mail carriage being unloaded in the Kremlin courtyard.
text: Twelve large trunks with Imperial markings are carried
text: inside.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: Trunks, bearing dispatches and
dialog: mail, arrived regularly every day
dialog: from Paris. It seemed as easy to
dialog: travel from Paris to Moscow as from
dialog: Paris to Marseilles.
scene_heading: INT. KREMLIN SALON - NIGHT
text: A small theatrical performance for Napoleon and his inner
text: circle, performed in a Kremlin room, by a troupe of French
dialog: artists who were in Moscow at the time of the occupation.
text: They are playing a farce to polite laughter and applause.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: Thus, lulled by events, and by
dialog: realities he could not face,
text: Napoleon seemed to fall into a
dialog: dream in Moscow, and, amid the
dialog: dreadful storm of men and element
text: gathering around him, he spent his
dialog: time discussing the merits of some
dialog: new verses which he had received,
dialog: or the regulations for the Comedie
dialog: Francaise in Paris which took him
text: three evenings to prepare.
scene_heading: INT. NAPOLEON'S KREMLIN BEDROOM - DAY
text: Napoleon, alone in his room in the Kremlin. Vacant,
text: immobile, heavy.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon was extremely
dialog: superstitious and retained a
dialog: mystical belief in his partnership
dialog: with fate, a sense that he could
dialog: only do so much, and that events
text: must somehow complete the decision.
dialog: And, so it would be in Moscow,
dialog: where, without confidence and full
dialog: of apprehension, he would
text: cheerlessly pursue his destiny,
dialog: unaware that fortune, which had so
dialog: often smiled upon him, had now
dialog: abandoned his cause just when he
dialog: required miracles of her.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - SNOW - DAY
text: The Russian advance guard cavalry moves through the debris of
text: the retreat scattered along the sides of the road -- dead men
text: and horses, overturned wagons containing the booty taken from
text: Moscow, gold candlesticks, porcelain vases, paintings,
text: beautifully bound books, silverware, priceless furniture.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: It was not until October 20, that
dialog: Napoleon withdrew the Grand Army
dialog: from Moscow, to begin their
text: thousand mile march into oblivion.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW - DAY
text: Napoleon on foot with his army.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: He had waited too long. But the
dialog: execution of his army would not be
dialog: principally caused by cold or
dialog: battle, but be starvation.
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSIAN VILLAGE - SNOW
text: French foragers loading carts, protected by a hundred
dialog: cavalry.
text: Thirty Cossack horsemen watch from some woods, a few hundred
text: yards away.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: In order to feed the army in the
text: barren and ravaged wasteland
dialog: through which it had to march, it
dialog: was necessary to send large
text: foraging parties deep into the
dialog: surrounding countryside, protected
text: by strong escorts of French
text: cavalry, against the clouds of
text: Cossacks which flanked and followed
dialog: the march.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW - DAY
text: A French trooper soothes and strokes his dying horse, gives
text: him a bit of sugar, then shoots him. The shot draws
text: attention of some ragged soldiers, who rush up for a meal and
text: are kept at bay by the trooper's pistol.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: But, by November 5, the temperature
dialog: was down to 30-degrees of frost,
dialog: and French horses were dead. They
dialog: were not bred to endure such cold
dialog: and, not being properly shod for
dialog: ice, had no chance to survive in
dialog: these conditions.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW - DAY
text: The starving army stumbles along. Hundreds of Cossacks flank
text: the march, out of musket range, several hundred yards off the
dialog: road.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: The cavalry was now on foot and it
dialog: was a simple matter for the hordes
dialog: of Cossack cavalry to confine the
dialog: retreating French to their single
dialog: road, thus transforming the finest
dialog: army the world had ever seen into a
text: starving, feverish mob, without
dialog: purpose. General Famine and
dialog: General Winter, rather than Russian
dialog: bullets, would conquer the French.
scene_heading: - SNOW - DAY
text: A French soldier, Picart, struggling along with a dog tied to
text: his back.
text: His friend, Didier, comes up to him.
speaker_heading: DIDIER
dialog: Hello there, Picart.
speaker_heading: PICART
dialog: Ah, Didier -- you are alive.
speaker_heading: DIDIER
dialog: Why are you carrying the dog?
speaker_heading: PICART
text: His paws are frozen and he cannot
dialog: walk.
speaker_heading: DIDIER
dialog: When you eat him, may I have some?
speaker_heading: PICART
dialog: My God -- don't you recognize
dialog: Mouton -- our regimental dog? I
dialog: would rather eat Cossack.
text: Didier looks disappointed.
scene_heading: EXT. FROZEN FIELD - DAY
text: A dozen French soldiers around a small fire, cooking bits of
text: horse-flesh, and a saucepan full of blood, while four or five
text: others fire at a small party of Cossacks, keeping them at a
dialog: distance.
text: The men who are cooking are utterly unconcerned
text: with the fighting.
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSIAN VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: A posting house is crammed full of officers and men and
dialog: horses.
text: Outside, others are banging on locked doors, trying to get
text: in, but they are refused, virtually condemning them to death
text: during the sub-zero night.
text: A man on the roof, trying to pull off a plank, draws shots
text: from the inside.
text: Suddenly, a fire breaks out inside and, because of the horses
text: and the way that the doors are nailed up, it becomes an
text: instant disaster. No one can get out.
text: The freezing men on the outside make a feeble effort to open
text: the doors but they have been effectively barricaded from the
text: inside.
text: The noise and the flames attract other men who have been
text: huddled in the open and, since they can do nothing, they
text: crowd as close as they can to the flames to warm themselves,
text: or cook bits of horse-flesh on the points of their swords.
scene_heading: TITLE: INVASION OF FRANCE
scene_heading: INT. TUILERIES - DAY
text: The Christmas tree is still up. Toys. Napoleon, on his
text: hands and knees, plays with his son. Marie-Louise watches
text: happily. An aide enters and whispers something, causing
text: Napoleon to get to his feet and excuse himself.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: On January 1st, 1814, France itself
text: was invaded. Now, with a small
dialog: army of raw recruits, Napoleon
dialog: would have to face the powerful
dialog: combination of England, Russia,
dialog: Prussia and Austria, operating
dialog: against him together, for the first
dialog: time. The balance of numbers had
text: tilted irretrievably against him.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON (V.O.)
dialog: A year ago, the whole of Europe was
dialog: marching alongside of us. Today,
dialog: the whole of Europe is marching
dialog: against us.
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH ROAD - DAY
text: Tsar Alexander on the move with his army.
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH ROAD - DAY
text: French refugees, their belongings on carts. A few miles to
text: the rear, the smoke of a burning village.
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: Anxious French townspeople gather around a courier reading
dialog: war dispatches.
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH CITY - DAY
text: Deserters are arrested.
scene_heading: INT. NAPOLEON'S OFFICE TUILERIES - DAY
text: Napoleon spends his last afternoon burning private papers and
text: playing with his 3-year old son.
scene_heading: EXT. TUILERIES - DAY
text: Napoleon kisses Marie-Louise and son for the last time. He
text: will never see them again. Carriage and escort waiting.
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH ROAD - DAY
text: Napoleon, at the head of his army, marching through the
text: wintry countryside to meet the invading allied army.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: All around him, the sands were
text: giving way, but Napoleon struck
text: back with a brilliance which caused
dialog: Wellington, much later on, to
dialog: remark: "The study of the campaign
dialog: has given me a greater idea of his
dialog: genius than any other." For two
dialog: months, Napoleon's small army would
dialog: bedevil the jittery and
text: uncoordinated allied armies by
text: rapid marches and surprise attacks
text: on their flanks and rear.
dialog: 124.
scene_heading: INT. SALON - DAY
text: The negotiators' meeting at Chatillon.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: During much of the fighting, a
dialog: peace conference took place at
dialog: Chatillon, where both sides
text: insincerely raised and lowered
dialog: their terms with the ebb and flow
dialog: of the fighting.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD HQ - NIGHT
text: Napoleon asleep in his chair near a fire. The table in front
text: of him is covered with maps, papers. His marshals and
text: generals stand at a respectful distance.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MAP
text: Illuminating and illustrating the
dialog: narration.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: But despite the brilliance of his
dialog: tactics, Napoleon's numbers
text: dwindled and, in desperation, he
dialog: made a daring and imaginative
dialog: decision to move eastward, placing
text: himself in the rear of the allied
dialog: armies. This would cut their long
dialog: lines of communication but, at the
dialog: same time, leave open the road to
dialog: Paris. Napoleon counted on Joseph
dialog: fulfilling his orders for the
dialog: defense of the city, so that, if
dialog: the allies took the bait and
dialog: marched on Paris, it would offer
dialog: Napoleon an opportunity for a
text: decisive victory.
scene_heading: INT. TSAR HQ - NIGHT
text: Alexander reading the letter from Talleyrand.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: But on March 10th, the Tsar
dialog: received a note from Talleyrand,
dialog: revealing the total lack of
text: military preparations in Paris.
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Russian cavalry patrol captures French courier on snowy,
dialog: forest road.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: On March 23rd, allied patrols
text: captured a courier carrying a
dialog: letter from Napoleon to Marie-
dialog: Louise in which he rashly revealed
dialog: his plans.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MAP
dialog: Situation map showing Paris,
text: Allies, Napoleon, strung out in
dialog: that order, and covering the
dialog: narration.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Although Alexander realized it was
dialog: essential for Paris to surrender
dialog: within 24 hours, to avoid the
text: allies being trapped between the
dialog: walls of Paris and Napoleon's
dialog: forces which might attack his rear,
dialog: he chose to gamble, persuading his
dialog: generals to ignore Napoleon and
dialog: march on Paris. This crucial
dialog: decision would bring down
dialog: Napoleon's empire.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: A snowy road near Fontainebleau -- French troops retreating.
text: Napoleon's carriage and escort gallop through the troops to
text: the head of the column and stop. Napoleon climbs out and
text: confronts General Belliard.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Well, Belliard, what's this? What
dialog: are you doing here? Where is the
dialog: enemy?
speaker_heading: BELLIARD
text: They are at the gates of Paris,
dialog: sire.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: And where is the army?
speaker_heading: BELLIARD
dialog: It is on this road, sire, following
dialog: me.
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: And who is defending Paris?
speaker_heading: BELLIARD
text: Paris is evacuated, sire. The
dialog: enemy is to enter at nine o'clock
text: tomorrow morning. The National
text: Guard is on duty at the gates.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Paris has surrendered?! I don't
dialog: believe it.
speaker_heading: BELLIARD
dialog: Unhappily, it is true, sire.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: But where are my wife and son?
dialog: What's become of them? Where is
dialog: Marmont? Where is Mortier?
speaker_heading: BELLIARD
dialog: The Empress, your son and the whole
dialog: court left two days ago for
text: Rambouillet. Marshals Mortier and
dialog: Marmont are probably still in
text: Paris, completing the arrangements.
text: Napoleon starts walking rapidly down the road, in the
text: direction of Paris. The party of senior officers scurry
text: after him.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Well, you've heard what Belliard
dialog: says, gentlemen -- come, I am going
dialog: to Paris. Caulaincourt, have my
dialog: carriage brought up. Come, come,
dialog: Belliard, turn your men around.
speaker_heading: CAULAINCOURT
dialog: But, Your Majesty, we cannot go to
dialog: Paris now. There are no troops
dialog: left there.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: No troops? The National Guard is
dialog: still there -- they will follow me.
dialog: Things may yet be put right.
speaker_heading: BELLIARD
dialog: But, sire, Your Majesty would lay
dialog: Paris open to being sacked. The
text: enemy is outside the gates with
dialog: more than 120,000 men.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: BELLIARD (cont'd)
dialog: Besides this, I left the city under
dialog: the terms of a treaty and I am
dialog: forbidden to reenter Paris.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: A treaty? Don't be ridiculous.
dialog: What treaty is this? Who made it?
dialog: Who has been giving orders?
speaker_heading: BELLIARD
dialog: I don't know the details of the
dialog: treaty, sire, Marshal Mortier sent
dialog: me word of its having been agreed
dialog: to, and he said that I was to take
dialog: the army and make for
dialog: Fontainebleau.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: But who made this treaty?
speaker_heading: BELLIARD
dialog: I believe it was arranged by
dialog: Marshals Mortier and Marmont. I
dialog: must explain to you that we have
dialog: had no orders all day. Each
dialog: marshal has been keeping his own
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Who sent my wife and son out of
dialog: Paris?
speaker_heading: BELLIARD
dialog: I don't know, sire.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: And where is Joseph?
speaker_heading: BELLIARD
dialog: I don't know what has happened to
dialog: Prince Joseph.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: What cowardice! What treason!
dialog: Joseph has ruined everything. How
dialog: could they all lose their heads.
dialog: They knew I was coming up fast.
text: Victory was just within grasp.
dialog: Come, come, turn your troops
text: around, General Belliard.
speaker_heading: CAULAINCOURT
dialog: But, sire, we mustn't risk turning
text: Paris into another Moscow.
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: There seems little enough danger of
dialog: that. Come! Come! My carriage!
dialog: The troops!
text: Another column of troops, withdrawing from Paris, comes into
text: sight. Suddenly, Napoleon stops, sits down by the side of
text: the road, and holds his head.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: In defeat, Napoleon would be
dialog: punished by the Kings of Europe,
dialog: according to a standard which they
dialog: would not have applied to each
dialog: other. He might marry the niece of
dialog: Marie Antoinette, and call himself
dialog: an Emperor, but that did not make
dialog: him one.
speaker_heading: TITLE: ELBA
scene_heading: EXT. ELBA MAIN STREET - DAY
text: In a comic opera parody of former grandeur, Napoleon marches
text: in a pathetic procession, led by the governor, the prefect
text: and other city officials, cheered by the local population.
text: A band of twenty fiddlers -- no brass, no percussion, marches
text: along playing the Elban national anthem.
text: A few hundred of his guards bring up the rear.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The treaty of Fontainebleau of
dialog: April 1814, signed by the allies
dialog: and Napoleon, in return for his
dialog: abdication from the throne of
dialog: France, gave him the token
dialog: sovereignty of the tiny island of
dialog: Elba, with the title of Emperor, a
dialog: yearly income of 2 million francs,
text: an army of 700, and a navy of 3
dialog: ships. But in ten months time,
dialog: even this tiny stake would be
dialog: sufficient capital to bring this
dialog: most reckless of all gamblers back
text: into the game for a final,
text: breathtaking spin of the wheel.
dialog: 129.
scene_heading: EXT. MALMAISON GARDEN - NIGHT
text: A glittering garden party at Malmaison. Josephine and Tsar
dialog: Alexander. Present are: Frederich Wilhelm of Prussia,
dialog: Francis II of Austria, the Kings of Bavaria.
text: Alexander and Josephine off, walk alone. She wears a low-
dialog: cut dress.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: After the solitude and semi-
dialog: banishment of the last four years,
dialog: Josephine found herself again at
dialog: the center of Paris society. There
dialog: would be a crush of crowned and
text: coroneted heads at Malmaison, led
dialog: by Tsar Alexander. But Josephine's
dialog: final conquest would be
dialog: pathetically brief -- in two weeks,
dialog: she was to die of pneumonia.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: How delightful it must have been
dialog: this spot to Napoleon. Could he
dialog: but pass his life here with you,
dialog: Madame, he would have nothing to
dialog: complain of but the too rapid slide
dialog: of time.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: He loved Malmaison. I think it was
dialog: the only place he was ever happy
dialog: and carefree.
text: Alexander inhales the fragrant night air.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: The fall of a great man is a sad
dialog: sight to behold... He treated me
dialog: badly but, even in my religion did
dialog: not not forbid me to bear malice, I
dialog: would bear him none. I am a better
dialog: friend of his than he may know.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: You were the only monarch for whom
dialog: he had both affection and respect.
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: It was I who secured the
dialog: sovereignty of Elba for him, at a
dialog: time when treachery and desertion
dialog: of his own followers left him at
dialog: the mercy of those who would have
dialog: done much worse to him.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: I am certain you still hold his
dialog: affection and gratitude. I believe
dialog: he is only bitter about the
dialog: desertions to his cause of those
dialog: who were closest to him -- most
dialog: particularly, the Marshals. He
dialog: thought that, by giving them titles
dialog: and making them rich, he would
dialog: ensure their loyalty -- but in the
dialog: end, they thought only of saving
dialog: their titles and estates.
text: Alexander stops, takes her hands in his, moves very close to
text: her, and speaks in a whisper.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Madame, I hope you will allow me to
dialog: discuss a matter which I fear may
dialog: be distasteful to you at the
dialog: present time, but which, in
dialog: fairness to yourself and to your
dialog: children, I feel I must -- and that
dialog: is the subject of your own
dialog: properties and pensions.
text: Josephine is, of course, more than happy to discuss this.
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Let me be as good a friend to you
dialog: as Napoleon ever was. If you will
dialog: but command me, I shall secure all
dialog: that is due to you and your
dialog: children -- and even more, should
dialog: you so desire.
text: He leans forward and kisses her.
scene_heading: EXT. ELBA BEACH - DAY
text: A sunny beach on the island of Elba. Napoleon is seated at a
text: folding table in front of a tent.
dialog: 131.
text: He is talking with General Bertrand. A few guards of the
text: escort are visible in the distance. Napoleon has not just
text: heard the news but has been talking about it for hours.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Josephine dead -- how unbelievable!
dialog: How impossible it is to believe it.
dialog: She was always physically so strong
dialog: -- she was never ill a day in her
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
text: It is a terrible shock.
text: The silences are punctuated by the sound of the gentle surf.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: But did she have the best doctors?
dialog: Wasn't there any chance at all to
dialog: save her?
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
dialog: I don't know, sire -- she had the
text: Tsar's personal physician.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: She should have had Larrey or
dialog: Corvisart. They might have saved
dialog: her... But why didn't anyone even
dialog: write to me? Can you believe that
dialog: no one even bothered to write to
dialog: me? Would you have believed that I
dialog: should read such news in a
dialog: newspaper? How incredible!
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
dialog: That is incredible.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Ah, my poor Josephine. She was the
dialog: most alluring, most glamorous
dialog: creature I have ever known -- a
dialog: woman in every sense of the word,
dialog: and she had the kindest heart in
dialog: the world. She may have been a
dialog: liar and a spendthrift, but she had
dialog: something that was irresistible --
dialog: she was a women to her very
dialog: fingertips... How impossible it is
text: to believe that she is dead.
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
dialog: I have never heard an unkind word
dialog: about her spoken.
dialog: Pause.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I suppose I might blame her for
text: opening her house to the men most
dialog: responsible to my downfall, but how
dialog: can I? She was on her own again,
dialog: she had to look after her own
dialog: affairs, and how can one blame her
dialog: for having her head turned by the
dialog: attention of Kings?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: She made me very unhappy when we
dialog: were first married, but when we are
dialog: young we become addicted to the
dialog: pain of love and, once having
dialog: experienced it, never want to be
dialog: cured. For afterwards, we dread
dialog: the horrible solitude of the heart,
dialog: the emptiness of feeling...
text: He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a bill.
dialog: Pause.
text: INT.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Look at this -- how incredible! My
dialog: last souvenir -- a bill I received
dialog: just two weeks ago from her
dialog: couturier -- 6,000 francs...!
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Now I have lost everything that is
dialog: precious to me. My dearest wife
text: has been locked away by her father,
dialog: and my poor baby grows up without
dialog: me.
scene_heading: SCHONBRUNN BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Marie-Louise and General Neipperg, a handsome and virile man,
text: with a patch over one eye, making love.
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Marie-Louise would prove to be a
text: little more than a dull,
dialog: commonplace, sensual girl,
dialog: accustomed to obey the dictates of
text: her father, who easily dissuaded
dialog: her from joining Napoleon, and
dialog: carefully chose instead as her aide-
dialog: de-camp, the gallant and dashing
dialog: General Neipperg, who soon became
dialog: her lover. They would have two
dialog: children together before Napoleon's
dialog: death.
scene_heading: INT. SCHONBRUNN NURSERY - DAY
text: A grotesquely large nursery in Schonbrunn Palace, over-
text: filled with expensive toys. The King of Rome, now four years
text: old, sits alone on the floor, playing with some soldiers.
text: Two nursemaids sit at some distance from him, near the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon would never see his son
dialog: again, and the child would grow up
text: in gilded isolation, melancholy,
dialog: ignored by his mother, in chronic
text: ill-health and haunted by the
dialog: legend of this father. He would
dialog: die at the age of 22.
scene_heading: INT. TUILERIES THRONE ROOM - DAY
text: Throne room of the Tuileries Palace. A large group of
text: marshals are swearing their loyalty to the King and kissing
dialog: his hand. We should see Berthier, Ney, Marmont, MacDonald,
dialog: Lefebver.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: When Louis XVIII returned to Paris
dialog: in 1814, he was as unknown in
dialog: France as an Egyptian Pharaoh.
text: Marked by clumsiness and disdain,
dialog: he quickly proved that the Bourbon
dialog: dynasty had learned nothing and
dialog: forgotten nothing. People said
dialog: that he did not return to the
dialog: throne of his ancestors but simply
dialog: ascended the throne of Bonaparte.
dialog: By 1815, the army and the people
dialog: were ready to rise against him and
dialog: welcome the return of Napoleon.
dialog: 134.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Along shot of Napoleon walking with his mother. We are too
text: far away to hear what they are saying.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP DECK - NIGHT
text: A cold, clear, brilliant moonlit night. Napoleon on the
text: deck, crowded with his troops who are writing proclamations
text: in long hand.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: Napoleon set sail, from Elba, on
dialog: February 26th, 1815, with his small
dialog: force of 700 soldiers, while the
dialog: governor of the island, Sir Neil
dialog: Campbell, was away in Florence. He
dialog: put his soldiers to work writing
text: out his proclamations in long hand.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: A regiment of government troops bars the road and the fields
text: bordering it. Some 300 yards away, Napoleon's small army
text: faces them.
text: An aide, of the general commanding the government troops,
text: gallops down the road, salutes and dismounts.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: General Cannet presents his
dialog: compliments to the Emperor, and
text: requests that he lay down his arms
text: and surrender himself and his men.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Thank you, Colonel. Please present
dialog: my compliments to General Cannet,
dialog: and tell him that I shall come
dialog: presently and bring the answer
dialog: myself.
text: The aide salutes, remounts and rides back.
text: General Cannet speaks to his troops, riding slowly back and
text: forth on his horse.
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CANNET
text: Bonaparte is on his way to attempt
dialog: to illegally reestablish himself
dialog: over the legitimate government of
dialog: our King, Louis XVIII. It is our
dialog: responsibility, as loyal soldiers
dialog: of France, to prevent him from
dialog: doing this, by whatever means are
dialog: necessary. His force numbers less
dialog: than 700 men.
text: At this remark, voices are heard from the back ranks.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (derisively)
dialog: What about us -- don't we count?
text: Napoleon has mounted a horse and approaches the government
text: troops at a gallop. He reigns up about 10 yards from their
text: front ranks.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Hello, men of the 5th -- do you
dialog: recognize your Emperor?
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (from the crowd)
dialog: Yes!
text: Mixed in with this, there are a considerable amount of
text: cheers.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I recognize you -- we are old
dialog: friends. I know you from Friedland
dialog: and Borodino. And, you there,
dialog: Sergeant Monestier, how are you?
text: More cheers from the ranks.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: My good friends, I am told that
dialog: Marshal Ney has promised the King
dialog: to bring me back to Paris in an
dialog: iron cage. I have sent word to my
dialog: old friend, Marshal Ney, that he
dialog: can make that a wooden box, if he
dialog: is able to manage it, but I
dialog: certainly must refuse an iron cage -
dialog: - I'm not as young as I used to be,
dialog: and I can't accept such drafty
dialog: accommodations!
text: Laughter and cheers from the ranks.
dialog: 136.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Men of the 5th, your general has
dialog: invited me to surrender myself and
dialog: my men, but I come to make you an
dialog: offer -- Men of the 5th, will you
dialog: join me?
text: There is a thunderous cheer from the ranks and the men rush
text: forward surrounding Napoleon. Some soldiers fling themselves
text: at his feet, kissing his coat and his hands. Napoleon's eyes
text: fill with tears.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (to a grenadier)
dialog: I shall have to send a message to
dialog: Louis VXIII, in Paris, and tell him
dialog: not to send any more troops -- I
dialog: have enough already.
scene_heading: INT. TUILERIES DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Napoleon dines alone at a large table. He picks at his food
text: in no special order -- dessert, fish, soup, potatoes. He is
text: absorbed, reading a thick report.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: After the dizzying magic of the
dialog: return, came a sense of
text: disenchantment -- and some anxious
dialog: second thoughts. The allies had
dialog: quickly patched up the differences
dialog: that had divided them for almost a
dialog: year, at the Congress of Vienna,
dialog: and on which Napoleon had counted
dialog: to give him some breathing space.
dialog: To make matters worse, they refused
dialog: to have any diplomatic dealings,
dialog: declaring him a criminal beyond the
dialog: protection of the law.
text: His valet enters the room silently and crosses the long room
text: to the table.
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: Excuse me, Your Majesty.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: VALET
text: Madame Avrillon has arrived, sire.
dialog: 137.
text: Napoleon listlessly looks up from a spoon full of pudding.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: Oh -- where is she?
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: I have shown her to your bedroom,
dialog: Your Majesty.
text: Napoleon stirs his coffee and glances at his wrist watch.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (gloomily )
dialog: Please ask her to get undressed,
dialog: and tell her I'll be along as soon
dialog: as I can.
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: (bowing)
dialog: Yes, sire.
text: He goes back to his report.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MAP
text: Illustrates the narration.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The allies were preparing to move
dialog: on the frontiers of France with
text: more than a million men. Strung
dialog: along the Belgian frontier was an
dialog: army of English and German troops,
text: under Wellington, separated by ten
dialog: miles from a force of 120,000
text: Prussian troops, under Blucher.
dialog: Napoleon calculated the huge
dialog: Russian and Austrian armies could
dialog: not reach his Eastern frontiers
dialog: before July. This gave him the
dialog: opportunity to use a favorite
dialog: tactic and strike quickly against
dialog: Wellington and Blucher, hoping to
text: defeat them separately, before they
dialog: could unite their forces. On June
dialog: 16th, Blucher was defeated at
dialog: Ligny, and Wellington was forced to
dialog: retreat from Quatre Bras, but
dialog: neither victory was decisive, nor
dialog: were they followed up as they
dialog: should have been, due to Napoleon
dialog: becoming ill, and to mistakes by
dialog: his generals.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 138.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: But what would prove disastrous for
dialog: Napoleon, was that he believed the
text: Prussians to be out of the battle
dialog: for good, and retreating away from
dialog: Wellington, whereas Blucher, still
dialog: full of fight, was marching north
text: to join him.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: The opposing French and British armies.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: On the morning of June 18th,
dialog: Napoleon, with 74,000 men faced
dialog: Wellington with 67,000, ona
text: battlefield near the village of
text: Mount St. Jean, ten miles south of
dialog: Brussels. Confident that the
dialog: Prussians were out of action, or
text: contained by Grouchy's pursuing
dialog: cavalry, Napoleon's only fear was
dialog: that Wellington would retreat.
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH POSITIONS - DAY
text: Wellington and entourage ride along ridge. Troops cheer.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: But Wellington had decided to fight
text: it out, on Blucher's assurance that
dialog: at least one Prussian corps would
text: reach him by mid-day. He had
dialog: chosen his favorite defensive
text: position, on a rise, where the
dialog: reverse slopes would shelter his
text: infantry from plunging artillery
dialog: fire.
scene_heading: EXT. NAPOLEON HQ - DAY
text: Napoleon, surrounded by officers, bent over a map.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon was in no hurry to start
dialog: the battle and he waited until mid-
dialog: day to allow the ground to dry, so
dialog: that his heavy guns could get into
dialog: position. This was to prove to be
dialog: a crucial mistake.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: Had the battle begun at day-break,
dialog: Wellington would probably have been
dialog: defeated before the Prussians
dialog: intervened.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MAP
dialog: Shows position of both armies on
text: the battlefield and Napoleon's plan
dialog: of attack.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon ignored the warning of his
dialog: Peninsular war generals about the
dialog: fire-power of the English infantry,
dialog: and decided on a frontal attack on
text: the center, preceded by an attack
text: on the Hougoumont farmhouse, which
text: anchored the English right flank.
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH ARTILLERY - DAY
text: Opens fire.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUGOUMONT FARM - DAY
text: The farm is in the valley below the British positions. French
text: troops beaten back by the English in fierce fighting.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: In the opening moves of the battle,
dialog: the French could not dislodge the
text: English from the Hougoumont farm.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE TOP OBSERVATION POST - DAY
text: Napoleon and his staff have their telescopes trained on what
text: appears as a cloud of dust, at a distance of some six miles.
text: The staff talk, somewhat absently, concentrating on their
text: telescopes.
speaker_heading: GENERAL SIMON
dialog: I think it is only some dust
dialog: blowing.
dialog: Pause.
scene_heading: GENERAL MARCHADIER
dialog: I though for a moment, then, that I
text: could just make out the color of
dialog: French uniforms.
dialog: 140.
speaker_heading: GENERAL SIMON
dialog: Yes -- a bit of blue and red. I
dialog: thought so, too.
speaker_heading: GENERAL LABESSE
dialog: Let us hope it is Marshal Grouchy.
scene_heading: GENERAL MARCHADIER
dialog: How far away do you make it?
speaker_heading: GENERAL SIMON
dialog: I should say, five or six miles.
scene_heading: GENERAL MARCHADIER
dialog: At least that.
speaker_heading: GENERAL SIMON
dialog: I thought for a moment I could make
dialog: out the colors of Prussian
dialog: uniforms. What do you think?
text: All eyes stare with concern through their telescopes.
text: Napoleon puts his telescope down.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: At 12:30 pm, the column approaching
text: on the right flank was identified
dialog: as Prussian. Napoleon could have
dialog: called off the battle at this
dialog: point, but the campaign would have
dialog: been lost, and he preferred the
dialog: chance of smashing Wellington
dialog: before the Prussians could arrive
dialog: in strength.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Marshal Grouchy at breakfast. Dismounted cavalry are along
text: the sides of the road, as far as the eye can see. All ears
text: are cocked, listening to the distant sound of guns. Grouchy
text: looks worried and uncertain.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Had Marshal Grouchy maintained
dialog: aggressive contact with the
dialog: retreating Prussians, they would
dialog: have been prevented from entering
dialog: the battle.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 141.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: Having failed to do this, had he
dialog: now marched his 34,000 men to the
dialog: sound of the guns, he would have
dialog: increased Napoleon's army by fifty
dialog: percent and would most probably
dialog: have ensured a French victory. But
dialog: this was not to be, and Grouchy's
dialog: inadequacies would be the ruin of
text: Napoleon's last battle.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MAP
dialog: Shows the battlefield, the
text: Prussians coming up, and Grouchy
text: out of the battle.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: With Grouchy's force out of the
text: battle, and the Prussians moving
text: against his flank, Napoleon was in
dialog: a strategically compromised
dialog: position, but there was still time
dialog: to achieve a tactical triumph on
dialog: the battlefield before the
text: Prussians arrived.
scene_heading: EXT. INN - DAY
text: Three quarters of a mile behind the battlefield. Napoleon is
text: seated in an arm-chair. Dry straw has been spread on the
text: ground around him. He sits with his head in his hands. He
text: is in pain. His staff waits fretfully at a respectful
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: But Napoleon was painfully ill, and
dialog: spent most of the day three-
text: quarters of a mile behind the
dialog: battle.
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH RIDGE - DAY
text: Marshal Ney, mounted and surrounded by his staff, looks
text: through his telescope.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: He left the tactical handling of
dialog: the battle entirely to Marshal Ney,
dialog: who, having deserted Napoleon the
dialog: year before at Fontainebleau, was
dialog: the only one of that group of
dialog: Marshals who had since then
text: reconciled with him.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 142.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: Berthier had committed suicide when
dialog: he heard of Napoleon's return from
dialog: Elba, and Ney's eleventh hour
dialog: switch of allegiance to Napoleon,
dialog: had left his soldier's mind ina
text: clouded and uneasy state. He would
text: now make tactical blunder after
text: blunder, while gallantly rushing
text: around the battlefield like a young
text: subaltern.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: French columns march up a slope to the British positions on
text: top. Suddenly, a wall of redcoats rise up from behind the
text: protection of the ridge and fires a devastating volley. The
text: French line wavers. A second line of redcoats appears and
text: fires another volley. The French line breaks, and they begin
dialog: to fall back.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: At 1:30, Ney launched the first
dialog: main attack, when four densely
text: massed infantry columns,
text: unsupported by cavalry or horse
text: artillery, were repulsed with heavy
dialog: loss.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: Massed columns of French horsemen riding up the slope at a
text: slow canter, their helmets and breast-plates glittering like
text: a stormy wave of the sea, when it catches the sunlight. They
text: are riding stirrup, unhurried, confident, deliberate.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: At 3:30 pm, Ney misinterpreted
dialog: movements in the English line as
text: signs of a general retreat and,
text: now, blundered again, sending in
text: the cavalry alone, unsupported by
dialog: infantry.
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH ARTILLERY - DAY
text: Opens fire.
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH INFANTRY - DAY
text: Opens fire.
dialog: 143.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: Terrible losses of horses and men.
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH SQUARES - DAY
text: An incredible stalemate has developed in the battle. Dead
text: men and horses are everywhere. But the British infantry, in
text: their defensive squares, hold their fire, and merely exchange
text: stares with the hundreds of French heavy cavalry who prowl
text: around them, at a distance of no more than twenty yards.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: After two hours of savage fighting,
dialog: the British infantry had learned
dialog: that when the French cavalry were
text: close, the artillery stopped. And
dialog: they also realized that each time
text: they fired a volley, the cavalry
dialog: would try to break through them,
dialog: before they could reload. So they
dialog: stopped firing.
text: A French colonel rides too close to one of the German
text: squares, his horse stumbles and he falls, dazed. Two
text: Brunswick soldiers dash out, take his purse, his watch and
text: his pistols, and then blows his brains out.
text: A cry of "shame" goes up from the nearby British square.
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH RIDGE - DAY
text: Napoleon giving orders. Ney, covered with mud and
text: bloodstains, has become a wild-looking creature.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: By 6 pm, Napoleon had entered into
dialog: the battle himself and was forced
dialog: to commit 14,000 men of his general
dialog: reserve to hold up Bulow's
dialog: Prussians.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: The Imperial Guard infantry being blasted by a wall of
text: British fire, they falter and retreat. The sound of musket
text: balls against the French breast-plates sound like a hail-
text: storm beating on windows.
dialog: 144,
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: At 7:30 pm, Napoleon released 5
dialog: battalions of the guard reserve for
text: Ney's final assault. When this
text: failed, the French morale cracked.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: British cavalry charge.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Wellington put in his cavalry, and
dialog: the French army broke in panic and
dialog: ran.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: Ney, now a bloodspattered demon, trying to stop the retreat.
speaker_heading: NEY
dialog: Come on -- follow me and see how a
dialog: Marshal of France dies!
text: He charges into the battle.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: But Ney would survive the battle to
dialog: be shot for treason by the
dialog: returning monarchy.
scene_heading: TITLE: ST. HELENA
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF SHIP - DAY
text: Napoleon on the deck of the "Northumberland" looking at the
text: cliffs of St. Helena. He is depressed by the mass of bare
text: volcanic granite rising steeply out of the sea, barely twenty-
text: eight miles in circumference.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon escaped from France where
dialog: he might have met the same fate,
dialog: and surrendered to the English,
dialog: hoping for a congenial exile in
dialog: Britain. But he was sent as a
dialog: prisoner to the tiny island of St.
dialog: Helena, in the South Atlantic, a
text: thousand miles from the nearest
dialog: land.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 145.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: He would live out the last five
dialog: years of his life there, amid the
text: petty squabbles of his own
text: entourage, and his captors.
scene_heading: EXT. LONGWOOD HOUSE - DUSK
text: A gloomy sight, situated in a wild landscape.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: His house was a hastily rebuilt
dialog: collection of buildings originally
text: constructed as cattle-sheds.
scene_heading: INT. LONGWOOD HOUSE - DAY
text: Napoleon dictating his memoirs to Count Bertrand, a large map
text: is spread on the floor. The room is overcrowded with books
dialog: and papers.
text: A rat is noticed and ignored.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: His four constricted rooms were
text: infested with rats. His food and
dialog: wine, and opened mail were subjects
dialog: of continuous dispute.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUFF - DAY
text: Napoleon stares out at the grey Atlantic, watched by several
dialog: British soldiers.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: His walks were so closely guarded
dialog: that he eventually gave them up
dialog: altogether.
scene_heading: INT. SIR HUDSON LOWE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sir Hudson Lowe opens Napoleon's mail.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: His gaoler, Sir Hudson Lowe, was a
text: weak, narrow-minded, and petty man,
text: obsessed with the fear his prisoner
text: would escape, though a squadron of
text: ten ships, and a garrison of 3,000
dialog: men guarded the island.
text: INT.
dialog: 146.
scene_heading: NAPOLEON'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Napoleon, grey-faced and looking very ill, being examined by
text: a hearty English naval surgeon.
text: INT.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: His final illness would, until the
dialog: very end, be dismissed by English
dialog: doctors as a diplomatic disease.
scene_heading: BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Count Bertrand, a figure of despair in the dimly-lit room,
text: keeps a lonely death-watch. Napoleon stirs.
text: EXT.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Who is there?
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
dialog: Bertrand, sire.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I have just had the most vivid...
dialog: dream... about Josephine.
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
dialog: Yes, sire?
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: She was sitting there... and it was
dialog: as if I had last seen her only the
dialog: night before... She hadn't changed -
dialog: - she was still the same -- still
dialog: completely devoted to me... and she
dialog: told me we were going to see each
dialog: other again and, never again, leave
dialog: each other... She has promised me.
dialog: Did you see her?
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
dialog: No, sire... I was asleep.
speaker_heading: NAPOLEON
dialog: I wanted to kiss her, but she
dialog: didn't want to kiss me... She
dialog: slipped away, the moment I wanted
dialog: to take her in my arms.
speaker_heading: GRAVE - DAY
text: The unmarked grave.
dialog: 147.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Napoleon died on May 5, 1821.
dialog: Hudson Lowe insisted the
dialog: inscription on the tomb should read
dialog: "Napoleon Bonaparte." Montholon
dialog: and Bertrand refused anything but
dialog: the Imperial title -- "Napoleon."
text: In the end, it was left nameless.
scene_heading: INT. LETIZIA'S BEDROOM ROME - DAY
text: His mother, dressed in black, sits alone, a study of gloom
text: and lament. The shutters are closed and the semi-darkness of
text: the room is broken by bright slivers of sunlight.
text: The camera moves slowly away from Letizia, to an open
text: portmanteau. It is filled with very old children's things --
text: faded toys, torn picture books, wooden soldiers and the Teddy
dialog: bear Napoleon slept with as a child.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
