dialog: "E.T."
dialog: Commentary by Richard Michaels
scene_heading: TITLES: "E.T. - THE EXTRA-TERRESTIAL"
text: [The letters are in soft-purple against a black background. Purple is
dialog: traditionally the color of that which is sacred.]
scene_heading: EXT: NIGHT SKY: NIGHT
text: The black screen becomes a night sky. The camera angles lowers to show a
text: forest against the night sky.
scene_heading: EXT: LANDING SITE: NIGHT
text: In an opening in the forest stands a spacecraft. The view of the craft is
text: obscured by tree branches. The atmosphere is misty, with blue lights coming
text: from the spacecraft.
text: [The opening scene is misty and diffused. This forces the audience to pay
text: close attention to the images on the screen. The characters are not clearly
text: seen. This engages the audience, as they attempt to see what the aliens
dialog: really look like.]
text: One creature walks up the gang blank and into the ship.
scene_heading: INSERT: ALIEN HAND
text: A strange hand, with two long and slender fingers protruding, move aside a
text: branch that obstructs the view.
text: [This concentrates the audience's attention. The creature going into the
text: ship is being observed by another creature. Who are they? What's going on?
text: This is another technique that forces the audience to focus on the action.]
scene_heading: INT: SPACECRAFT'S GREENHOUSE: NIGHT
text: The inside of the ship appears to be a greenhouse. There are sounds of
text: water dripping. Cone shaped objects (possibly alien plants) sit among earth
text: plants. Vapors flow up from the plants.
text: [These images all appear non-threatening. The aliens are inferred to be
dialog: collecting vegetation, and are thereby inferred to be harmless.]
dialog: [Like many of Spielberg's other films, the opening sequences contain almost
text: no dialogue. The story is told without verbal exposition. He forces the
text: audience to become engaged in the storytelling process by giving them just
text: bits of information that they have to piece together into the story. He
dialog: doesn't insult their intelligence.]
scene_heading: EXT: SPACECRAFT: NIGHT
text: A group of the aliens work in front of the spacecraft. Suddenly, they hear
text: a dog howl, and they all stop working. Red lights begin to glow in their
text: chests. It appears as if their hearts have lit up at the sign of danger, as
text: the red glow seeps through their translucent skin. After a moment the red
text: lights dim and they return to their work.
text: [This sets up the prop of the red-lights signifying danger. These small
text: creatures are endearing and non-threatening. They are like children, which
dialog: is immediate grounds for audience empathy. The thought that they may be in
text: danger from wild creatures in the forest, also creates empathy for them.]
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: NIGHT
text: A small fern grows on the forest floor. An alien hand, with two fingers
text: protruding, reaches out for the fern. The alien groans. A rabbit turns and
text: listens. The fingers dig up the plant as the rabbit watches. The alien then
text: carefully uproots the plant. A small wayward alien walks alone among the
text: gigantic redwood trees. He's dwarfed by the huge trees.
text: [The awesome towering trees psychologically creates audience empathy for
text: the creature. The audience identifies with him because they too feel small
dialog: when confronted by these trees.]
scene_heading: EXT: HILLTOP: NIGHT
text: The creature stands alone on a hilltop as he stares down at the city lights
text: below. Suddenly he lets out a moan of fright. A truck, with headlights
text: glaring, pulls up next to him.
text: [The quiet, peaceful alien is now in jeopardy.]
text: The creature runs from the lights. Several other trucks with head- lights
text: glaring drive up. Smoke flows from their exhaust pipes. Men's legs are seen
text: as they walk among the trucks. They step into a mud puddle as E.T. watches
text: from behind a shrub. A man with keys jangling from his waist walks past a
text: headlight. He carries a flashlight in his hands.
text: [Keys have now become a prop which identifies the antagonist of the story:
text: the faceless government agent. Like the antagonist of many other fantasy
text: films, his face is not initially revealed in order to hold the audiences
dialog: attention.]
text: The man with keys walks to a truck where he and two other men review a map
text: that's placed on the hood of the truck. The man with keys holds the
text: flashlight up and points it at the hood. E.T watches them from the bushes.
text: [The fact that E.T. is observing the actions of the men also creates a
text: psychological bond between the audience and him, since they are also
dialog: observing these characters.]
text: [While the audience doesn't actually see a map, they presume its existence
dialog: given the actions of the characters. This style of story telling engages
text: the audience, and gets them guessing about the characters' actions. They
dialog: then create expectations, which are later often proved to be wrong. This
dialog: makes the story both unpredictable and exciting.]
scene_heading: EXT: SPACESHIP: NIGHT
text: An alien stands in front of a round light and transmits a homing signal,
text: presumably to call the other aliens back to the ship.
dialog: [These characters are all in jeopardy.]
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: NIGHT
text: When E.T hears the sound, his red heart lights up. The homing signal
text: reverberates in his chest.
dialog: [This establishes that his heart is used as a communication device, i.e.,
dialog: these aliens communicate with their hearts.]
text: "Keys" hears this sound and quickly turns around. He points his flashlight
text: towards the sounds. The other men join him as they walk towards the sound.
text: E.T. screams and runs away, which is indicated by the shaking bushes. The
text: men with flashlights chase after him.
text: [So, like Dorothy in the WIZARD OF OZ, the opening scene has the
text: protagonist being pursued by an unknown antagonist.]
scene_heading: EXT: SPACECRAFT: NIGHT
text: The lights dim on the footings of the spacecraft, presumably because the
text: spacecraft is preparing to takeoff.
dialog: [The protagonist has the added jeopardy of being abandoned.]
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: NIGHT
text: E.T. screams as he races for the spacecraft. The glow from his red-heart
text: reflects off the bushes as he runs towards the white light of the
dialog: spacecraft.
text: [The audience still hasn't seen the face of the protagonist.]
scene_heading: EXT: SPACECRAFT: NIGHT
text: A lone alien stands before a large round white light, as he signals for the
text: other aliens to return to the ship.
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: NIGHT
text: Men with flashlights run through the forest, as they pursue the red glowing
text: light racing towards the spacecraft. One of the pursuers is the man wearing
text: the keys on his waist.
scene_heading: EXT: SPACECRAFT: NIGHT
text: The grated gangplank lifts up, blocking the entrance to the ship. Behind
text: the grate stands the alien against the large round white light. The red
text: light of the aliens heart lights up as he stands behind the barrier.
text: [This image exhibits an obstacle to E.T. returning to his ship.]
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: NIGHT
text: The men reach the edge of the clearing and stop as they watch the
text: spacecraft lift off.
text: One red lighted heart races along an old country fence towards the
text: departing spacecraft. Men with flashlights are still in pursuit. They stop
text: at a wooden gate as they watch the spacecraft fly away.
text: E.T., with face obstructed by a branch, and with red-heart aglow, watches
text: the spacecraft fly away into the night. He utters a sorrowful moan.
dialog: [He has been abandoned in a hostile alien world. This situation is
dialog: guaranteed to generate audience empathy.]
text: The men with flashlights pointed up towards the sky watch the space- craft
text: fly away. They hear E.T.'s groan, and in unison point their flashlights in
dialog: his direction.
text: [Not only is the small childlike creature abandoned, but he is still in
text: jeopardy of being captured by those who pursue him.]
text: [This is the inciting event in E.T.'s story: his spacecraft has deserted
dialog: him.]
scene_heading: EXT: HILLTOP: NIGHT
text: Below lies the city, lit up against the dark night sky. E.T slowly makes
text: his way down the slope.
text: Men with flashlights follow. They reach the hilltop, search the underbrush
text: for the alien, then start down the slope after him.
text: [This concludes the prelude to the story. Both the protagonist and
text: antagonist have been introduced, and audience empathy has been established
text: for the protagonist. The protagonist's primary objective is to survive and
text: find a way home, while the antagonist's primary objective is to capture the
dialog: alien.]
scene_heading: EXT: SUBURBAN HOUSE: NIGHT
dialog: [This is an establishing shot.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: NIGHT
text: A group of boys are sitting around a table playing a DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS
text: game. One boy is on the telephone ordering a pizza. They throw wads of
text: paper at each other as they play.
text: Elliott, the youngest boy, sits behind the counter. He's separated from the
text: other boys. After a few moments he yells that he's ready to play the game.
text: [The character's positions are structured to emphasize Elliott's separation
dialog: from the others.]
text: One of the boys tells Elliott that he can't join when they are in the
text: middle of the game.
dialog: [Audience empathy is generated for the young child who is being excluded
dialog: from the game.]
text: Elliott walks up to the table and yells at his brother, Mike. Michael says
text: that Elliott has to ask Steve, who is the Game Master, and who has absolute
dialog: power.
text: [The notion of "absolute power" is set up here, for a "payoff" later when
text: Elliott uses it to keep Michael silent about E.T.]
dialog: [Elliott's objective here is to play the game, but also to be accepted by
text: the group and gain the respect of the older boys.]
text: Steve tells Elliott that first he has to wait for the pizza, then when he
text: brings it back he can play. Steve gives him money for the pizza. Elliott
text: picks up his baseball and glove, then leaves the room.
dialog: [The ball and glove are props that will be used in the story.]
dialog: [Elliott's sub-objective is to get the pizza. Once this is accomplished,
dialog: he'll be able to play the game.]
scene_heading: EXT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: NIGHT
text: It's a rainy, misty night. Elliott, with ball and glove in hand wait at the
text: bottom of the driveway for the pizza. A car pulls up and parks in the
text: driveway. Elliott pays the driver, then takes the pizza box from him as the
text: car pulls out of the driveway.
text: Elliott walks up the driveway and into the garage. He hears a noise in the
text: backyard, then calls out the name "HARVEY," presumably his dogs name.
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: NIGHT
text: Elliott's mother wears an orange outfit as she works in the kitchen. She
text: bends over to put dishes into the dishwasher. When she does this one of the
text: young boys reaches out to put his finger on her rear. Mike yells for him to
text: stop. He pulls his finger away.
scene_heading: INT: PATIO: NIGHT
text: Elliot walks past the ping pong table when he hears more noises in the
text: backyard. Again he calls out the name "Harvey."
text: [This generates tension and suspense in the audience.]
text: With the pizza box in hand, Elliot walks past the patio table and towards
text: the shed in the backyard. A bright crescent moon hangs in the night sky.
dialog: [This adds enchantment to the scene.]
text: There is a mist in the air, and a bright light shines in the shed. Elliott
text: places the pizza box on the ground as he approaches the shed. He's still
text: carrying the baseball and glove as he stands in front of the shed's
text: entrance. He tosses the ball into the shed. After a few seconds the ball is
text: tossed back out at him and hits him on the foot.
dialog: [This is the payoff to the setup of the baseball prop. This event surprises
dialog: both Elliott and the audience.]
text: Elliott becomes frightened, turns and steps on the pizza box as he runs
text: towards the house.
dialog: [This is the inciting event in Elliott's story: there is some creature
text: hiding out in his shed that will change his whole life.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: NIGHT
text: Elliott's mother is talking to the boys when Elliott runs into the house
text: screaming that there's something in the tool shed. He tells them that it
text: threw a ball at him, but they continue to ignore him until he screams
text: "QUIET!" "Nobody go out there," says Elliott. The boys immediately jump up
text: from the table. Two boys grab kitchen knives as Michael tells his mother to
text: stay inside. He and his friends will check it out. She yells at them to put
text: the knives back as she follows them outside.
scene_heading: EXT: SHED: NIGHT
text: The light is still on in the shed.
scene_heading: EXT: PATIO: NIGHT
text: Elliott's mother walks into the yard with a flashlight in her hand. She is
text: surrounded by the boys as they approach the shed. The mother says that
text: there's nothing in there as Michael walks through the entrance. Michael
text: bends down and finds tracks on the dirt floor. "The coyote's come back
text: again, Ma." he says. His mother becomes frightened and orders them all back
text: into the house.
text: [Jeopardy is introduced into the situation. Even though the audience knows
text: that it is probably the alien in the shed, the scene increases the
dialog: tension.]
text: On his way back to the house, Michael sees the pizza box. He bends down,
text: opens the box, then takes out a piece. He's angry at Elliott. Elliott tries
text: to explain that it was just an accident, but his brother is still angry.
text: When the mother asks who ordered the pizza, Elliott points to one of Mike's
text: friends. This makes the friend mad at Elliott. Elliot tries to persuade his
text: mother that there is a creature in the shed, but she doesn't believe him.
text: They walk into the house.
dialog: [Empathy is generated for Elliott because the two boys are unfairly angry
text: at him and his mother doesn't believe him.]
scene_heading: INT: SHED: NIGHT
text: The alien's fingers point out into the shed entrance, then wrap around the
text: side of the door. The sound of his heavy breathing is heard.
text: [This establishes for the audience that he really is in the shed. They feel
dialog: sorry for Elliott because he was telling the truth and no one believed
dialog: him.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S BEDROOM: NIGHT
text: The clock on the end table indicates 2:00. Next to the clock is a picture
text: of a dog, presumably Harvey. This same dog lies asleep in the bed. He hears
text: a noise and picks up his head. He is in the lower half of a bunk bed. On
text: the top bunk sits Elliott. He is awake as he listens to the noise outside.
dialog: [Elliott's objective is to prove there's a creature in the shed.]
scene_heading: EXT: BACKYARD: NIGHT
text: Elliott opens a gate and walks into the backyard. He carries a flashlight
text: in his hand and shines it into the cornfield next to his house. He walks
text: into the field.
scene_heading: EXT: CORNFIELD: NIGHT
text: Elliott walks into the cornfield. He whistles, and gets entangled in the
text: cornstalks as he walks. He sees tracks in the dirt with his baseball
text: nearby. He continues to walk through the field.
text: [The stalks are obstacles that obstruct both his path and his vision. It
text: also clutters the visuals and forces the audience to pay closer attention.
text: The suspense increases because they aren't sure whether he'll meet up with
dialog: the alien or the coyote.]
text: Elliott pushes aside some stalks and shines the light into the face of E.T.
text: Together, in unison, the scream. Elliot drops his light, then continues to
text: scream as he looks around the field. E.T. cries out and runs away through
text: the cornfield.
dialog: [Their reactions upon seeing each other were identical. This is the first
text: instance of a series of situations which will "merge" their characters to
dialog: such an extent that whatever empathy the audience has for one they will
dialog: also have for the other.]
scene_heading: EXT: BACKYARD: NIGHT
text: Elliott runs into his backyard. His play swings sway back and forth in the
text: air, as if someone had just bumped into them. Two garbage pails fall over
text: near an open metal gate at the top of a stone stairway. The garbage rolls
text: out of the cans and down the stone stairs. A red light by the gate lights
text: the stone stairway.
text: [The audience psychologically associates this red light with E.T.'s red
text: lighted heart, and makes the inference that he had run up the staircase and
dialog: out the gate.]
text: Elliott has an expression of wonderment and gratification on his face as he
text: looks up the staircase, for he has just established the existence of the
dialog: creature in the shed.]
scene_heading: EXT: GARAGE: DAY
text: Elliott rides down the driveway on his bicycle. He next rides down a dirt
text: road that overlooks the suburban community.
dialog: [Elliott's new objective is to locate the creature.]
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST ROAD: DAY
text: Elliott holds a bag of candy in one hand as he pours some into the other
text: hand. He tosses candy onto the round as he walks through the woods calling
text: out for the creature.
text: In another part of the woods Elliott lays his bike down, then continues to
text: toss candy and yell out "hello!" He sees a man on the road below and
text: quickly hides behind a tree.
text: ["Keys," the faceless antagonist, is still pursuing the alien.]
text: Elliott runs back to his bike, then rides down the forest road past a wire
text: fence. The alien's fingers side down the side to the tree. He was watching
dialog: Elliott.
text: [Elliott is in jeopardy both from the faceless man and the faceless alien.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: DAY
text: Elliott's mother sits at the tale with the dog, Harvey, at her side.
text: Elliott, Michael and Gertie are eating supper.
dialog: [This is a home without a father, which creates more empathy for the
dialog: protagonist.]
text: Gertie asks Elliott what he's going as for Halloween. He's depressed, and
text: replies that he's not going. Mike mocks him by suggesting that he go as a
text: goblin. Elliott snaps back, telling Mike to shut up. The mother tries to
text: explain that it's not that they don't believe him, but Elliott cries out
dialog: that the creature was real.
dialog: [The audience also knows that the creature is real. This generates more
text: empathy for the protagonist, because he is mocked and not believed when he
dialog: is expressing the truth.]
text: Mike offers other suggestions: perhaps it was an iguana, a deformed child,
text: or maybe an Elf or a Leprechaun. Elliott gets angry and shouts "It was
text: nothing like that, penis breath." Mary, his mother shouts at him to sit
text: down. Elliott responds with "Dad would believe me." Mary replies "Maybe you
dialog: ought to call your father and tell him about it." "I can't. He's in Mexico
text: with Sally" says Elliott. Both Mary and Mike are upset, while Gertie asks
text: "Where's Mexico?" Mary excuses herself and leaves the table. She walks to
text: the window as Mike tells Elliott that he's going to kill him. "If you ever
dialog: see it again, don't touch it. Just call me and we'll have someone come and
text: take it away," says Mary. "Like the dog catcher?" says Gertie. "But they'll
text: give it a lobotomy, or do experiments on it or something," says Elliott.
dialog: [This sets up the audience's expectations about the harm that will befall
text: the alien when he is captured.]
text: After a bit of dialogue concerning who should be doing the dishes, Mary
text: leaves the room saying "He hates Mexico."
text: [This scene explores the emotional relationships between the family members
text: in greater detail. Empathy is also generated for Mary who was abandoned by
text: her husband. She is left with the responsibility of raising the children
text: while he's traveling with his new girlfriend to Mexico, a country which he
dialog: hates.]
text: Elliott takes some dishes to the sink, turns on the faucet and gazes out
text: the kitchen window as water steams up from the sink.
scene_heading: EXT: BACKYARD: NIGHT
text: A crescent moon floats in the sky. A bright light is on in the shed. In
text: front of the shed Elliott lies inside a sleeping bag on a folding chair
text: with a flashlight in his hand. He hears the sound of feet walking in the
text: underbrush.
text: Elliott sits up to see the alien standing in front of the shed. The alien
text: groans as Elliott freezes from fear in his chair. He tries to call out for
text: his mother, but can't get the words out of his mouth. He next tries to call
text: Mike, but fear makes him choke on his words.
text: The alien approaches Elliott. The bright light from the shed makes it
text: impossible to see his face: only the outline of his form is visible. The
text: alien walks right up to the edge of the lawn chair.
text: [The scene is filled with suspense because Elliott may be in jeopardy from
dialog: the creature.]
text: The alien slowly moves its hand over the chair, then drops candies onto the
text: blanket. Elliott relaxes.
text: [This non-verbal gesture by E.T. demonstrates that he is harmless. The
text: tension in the scene is thereby released. Elliott has achieved his
dialog: objective: he established contact with the alien.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: NIGHT
text: Elliott places candy on the carpet, then walks backwards down the hallway
text: towards his room. E.T. walks up the stairs and reaches out for the candy,
text: which he then takes into his hand and eats.
text: [Elliott's new objective is to get the alien into his room. His main
text: obstacles are to somehow persuade the alien to come into the house, while
dialog: not waking his family.]
dialog: [This scene also is a good example of how to structure a scene's beginning.
text: In real life, the scene would have started in the backyard, tracked through
text: the kitchen, the living room and then up the stairs. But since all of that
dialog: information would have been redundant, picking the action up from the top
dialog: of the stairs was sufficient.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM: NIGHT
text: Elliott places candy on the floor by the entrance to his room. A sign on
text: his door contains the word "ENTER." E.T picks up the candy.
text: Elliott has run out of candy. He goes to his desk in search for more. He
text: opens some drawers, but doesn't find any. When he returns to the doorway,
text: E.T. has already entered the room. E.T. pulls a box down from the table,
text: then knocks a can filled with pens onto the floor. This makes a loud noise,
text: and forces Elliott to quickly close the door to his room.
text: [The audience still does not have a clear view of E.T.'s face nor body.
text: This holds their attention during the scene. They are waiting for that
dialog: wonderful moment.]
text: Elliott throws a blanket over E.T. as they stare at each other. E.T. is
text: finally revealed to the audience.
text: Elliott moves his hand in front of his face, a gesture indicating
text: bewilderment. E.T. mimics this action.
dialog: [This is the beginning of their efforts to communicate, but also the start
text: of the audience emotionally identifying the two characters as one object of
dialog: empathy.]
text: Elliott places his fingers to his lips to see if E.T. will respond in the
text: same manner, which he does. Elliott then places one finger to his ear,
text: which E.T. also mimics. Elliott smiles, then holds his left hand up with
text: all five fingers spread apart. E.T. raises his left hand with three fingers
text: spread apart. Elliott closes his fingers until there is only one remaining
text: up. E.T. does the same. They both wiggle this one finger. A poster on the
text: wall between Elliott and E.T. has the word "SUPERSTAR" printed on it.
dialog: [These actions help the audience to conceive of these two characters as
text: "mirror images" of one another, worthy of equal empathy. It also bonds the
text: young children in the audience to them, because the characters are speaking
text: in a language they too can understand. All the children in the audience
dialog: have just been through the experience of learning a language. They can
text: easily identify with the problems that that two characters in the story are
text: having in communicating with each other. This forges a bond between the
text: children and both Elliott and E.T. This also forms the basis for the repeat
dialog: viewing of this film which was essential for its phenomenal box-office
dialog: success.]
text: Suddenly, Elliott becomes tired and yawns, then sways as if in a trance. He
text: slowly walks backwards and sits down in a chair. Elliott seems asleep as
text: the camera moves up for a closeup of Elliott's face.
text: [Presumably, E.T. has used his telepathic powers to place Elliott into a
dialog: trance in order to merge their minds and feelings.]
dialog: [This is the end of the first act. Elliott has succeeded in gaining
text: possession of the dramatic objective E.T.), and has him in his room. But
text: E.T. has also taken possession of Elliott by merging their feelings, so
text: that they both become one protagonist. The second act will end when they
text: are both captured by the antagonist.]
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: DAY
text: Mist envelops the fence and gate in the section of the forest where E.T
text: originally landed. Men with flashlights and floodlights search throughout
text: the area. "Keys" walks into the forefront, holding a flashlight in his
text: hand. He bends to the ground and finds some candy.
text: [The objective of the faceless antagonist is to capture the alien. The
text: candy is a prop that will lead them to Elliott's house just as Elliott used
text: them to lead E.T. into his room. This scene shows that the protagonist is
text: in jeopardy, because he is still being pursued.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM: DAY
text: Elliott lies in bed with a thermometer in his mouth. His head rests on an
text: orange pillow (same color as his mother's dress in the first scene) while
text: his mother sits besides him. She takes out the thermometer, reads it, then
text: says "Okay, you're hot." She then leaves the room. Elliott quickly swings a
text: lamp back over his head and heats the thermometer. He also places a blue
text: heating pad over his face, to heat himself. He then places the thermometer
text: back into his mouth, swings the lamp away, and places the heating pad under
text: the covers as his mother enters the room. She opens his closet and
text: separates the hanging clothes as she walks into the closet. Elliott sits up
text: in bed and intensely watches her.
dialog: [Elliott's objective is to stay home from school in order to be with E.T.
text: His obstacle is his mother, who wants him to go to school. To overcome this
text: obstacle he must persuade her that he's sick. A crisis occurs when she
text: enters the closet in which E.T. is hiding. This creates jeopardy for the
dialog: protagonist.]
scene_heading: EXT: DRIVEWAY: DAY
text: Mike backs the car down the driveway.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM
text: Mary walks out of the closet carrying a blue sleeping bag. Elliott is
text: tense, then relieved, once he realizes that she didn't find E.T. He falls
text: back into bed.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: DRIVEWAY
text: Mike backs the car over part of the lawn.
text: [This scene functions not only as comic relief, but also as a set up for
text: the scene here Mike has to drive the van during E.T.'s escape sequence.
text: This demonstrates both his incompetence, and that he is only allowed to
text: drive the car backwards down the driveway.]
scene_heading: INTERCUT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM
text: Mary covers Elliott with the blue sleeping bag as Elliott puts the
text: thermometer back into his mouth (first backwards, then he corrects it).
text: [Humor is generated because the audience knows that he is fooling his
dialog: mother.]
scene_heading: INTERCUT: DRIVEWAY
text: Mike continues to back the car down the driveway. He overshoots the edge
text: and goes out into the street. He then pulls forward across the sidewalk.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM
text: "You were outside waiting for that thing?" says Mary. Elliott nods.
dialog: [Elliott is covered in blue-white colors, which traditionally signify
dialog: innocence, and which generates audience empathy for him.]
text: She tells him not to watch TV, kisses him, then leaves the room. Elliott
text: quickly closes the blinds.
scene_heading: EXT: DRIVEWAY: DAY
text: Mary runs down the driveway towards the car. Gertie points out the patches
text: of lawn that Mike pulled onto the driveway as he was driving the car. Mary
text: pulls her into the car.
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM: DAY
text: Elliott gestures for E.T. to walk out of the closet, which he does. He is
text: wearing Elliott's robe. Elliott asks him if he talks.
dialog: [Elliott's objective is to communicate with E.T., his obstacle is that E.T.
dialog: does not speak the English language.]
dialog: "Me Human. Boy. Elliott, Elliott, Elliott" says Elliott.
text: E.T. turns away and walks towards the work table. Elliott picks up objects,
text: such as a can of coke and toy soldiers, from the table then names them for
text: E.T. Elliott points to the fish and explains how the fish eat the fish
text: food. He places a wooden toy shark into the fishbowl, then states that the
text: shark eats the fish but nobody eats the shark.
text: [In his effort to communicate with E.T., Elliott tries to teach him the
text: language by showing him objects that are used in everyday life. This
dialog: process is similar to that experienced by the children and parents in the
text: audience everyday as they also learn and attempt to communicate with each
text: other. This type of scene solidifies the audience's emotional bonding with
dialog: Elliott and E.T.]
text: E.T. takes a toy car into his mouth on chews on it.
dialog: [Like many a child would.]
text: Elliott takes this to mean that E.T. is hungry. Elliott tells E.T. to stay
text: where he is.
dialog: [Elliott's new objective is to get food for E.T. and himself.]
text: Elliott opens the door and Harvey tries to run into the room. E.T. groans
text: with fear and backs into a corner as Elliott pulls Harvey out of the room.
text: [This introduces jeopardy into the scene, for Harvey could harm E.T.]
scene_heading: INT: KITCHEN: DAY
text: Elliott, dressed only in white underwear, opens the refrigerator door and
text: takes out some food.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM
text: E.T. walks around the room.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: KITCHEN
text: Elliott opens up a jar of peanut butter.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM
text: E.T. touches a tennis racket.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: KITCHEN
text: Elliott picks up cheese and tomatoes.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM
text: E.T. picks up an umbrella.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: KITCHEN
text: Elliott takes a carton of milk out of the refrigerator.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM
text: E.T. accidentally opens up the umbrella.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: KITCHEN
text: Elliott screams with fright and drops the milk carton onto the floor.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM
text: E.T. screams with fright, drops the umbrella, then runs into the closet.
text: [This further establishes the merging of E.T. and Elliott into one being.
text: Elliott shares E.T.'s feelings and simultaneously experiences what he
text: experiences. The audience also experiences this surprise with them, which
dialog: further tightens the bonds.]
text: Milk flows from the open carton onto the floor, as Elliott leans into the
text: open refrigerator. He clutches his chest and looks up towards the ceiling
text: as he ponders his experience.
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM: DAY
text: Elliott carries a plate of food into the room. He walks past the open
text: umbrella and looks into the closet. Stuffed animals line the back of the
text: closet wall. E.T. pushes the animals forward. He was hiding behind them. He
text: is still shaking from the fright experience. "Are you okay? Too much
dialog: excitement, huh? You want a coke?"
text: [This is the resolution of the last scene sequence. We see both characters'
dialog: reactions to the events that have occurred.]
scene_heading: EXT: DRIVEWAY: DAY
text: Michael runs up the driveway towards his house. He's wearing a red football
dialog: blazer.
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: DAY
text: Michael opens the front door and runs into the house. He takes off his red
text: shirt to reveal the blue shirt he's wearing underneath. He picks up a
text: magazine then opens the refrigerator. "Nothing but health shit," he says,
text: as he takes out a can and shakes it.
text: [The audience tenses up because jeopardy has just been introduced into the
text: story. They wonder what will happen when Mike discovers E.T. in Elliott's
dialog: bedroom.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM: DAY
text: Elliott walks away from his closet and opens the door to his room. He tells
text: Mike to come in. Both boys are dressed in blue and white colors. Mike calls
text: Elliott a faker, then starts to tell him about scores on an asteroid game,
text: when Elliott interrupts, to tell him about the goblin. Michael makes fun of
text: Elliott and his belief that the goblin has returned. But Elliott persists,
dialog: and makes Mike promise to give Elliott "absolute power."
dialog: [This is the payoff to the "absolute power" concept as set up during the
text: DUNGEON AND DRAGONS scene.]
dialog: [Elliott's objective is to vindicate himself to his brother and sister by
text: proving that "the Goblin-E.T." really does exist.]
text: Ellott makes Mike close his eyes, then he retrieves E.T. from the closet
text: and leads him to the center of the room. Mike has a silly grin on his face
text: as he opens his eyes and turns around to look at E.T. A sickening look of
text: terror comes over his face.
text: Suddenly Gertie opens the door and walks into the room with her doll under
text: her arm, saying "Elliott, look what I made for you." E.T. sees her then
text: stretches his neck to raise his head high. Gertie walks right up to him and
text: screams. E.T. screams back at her. Elliott screams for both of them to
text: stop. Mike falls back against the wall and knocks down the bookcase. They
text: all scream together. Elliott grabs Gertie's mouth and pushes her back to
dialog: Mike.
text: "Kids, I'm home," shouts Mary from downstairs.
text: [Jeopardy! The mother, an adult, is about to discover E.T. Even though they
text: are terrified, the children all band together against the threat. They'd
text: rather sit in the closet with the "monster" than have their mother discover
dialog: him.]
text: Mike quickly shuts the door, then they all run to the closet. Gertie
text: screams again. Mike grabs her by the mouth and pulls her away as E.T. runs
text: across the room with his arms raised. Elliott shuts the closet door just as
text: his mother walks into his room. Mary notices the fallen bookcase. She looks
text: around and then comments, "This is no room, this is an accident." Elliot
text: tries to cover by saying he was "reorganizing."
scene_heading: INT: CLOSET: DAY
text: E.T.'s head appears among the stuffed animals. Mike has his hand over
text: Gertie's mouth as she tries to scream. Mary walks past the closet door.
text: [This creates suspense in the audience: will E.T. be discovered by Mary?]
text: Mary asks Elliot to keep an eye on Gertie while she takes a shower. She
text: kisses him on the head then leaves the room. Elliott opens the closet door.
text: Michael, in awe with mouth open wide, watches as Elliott approaches E.T.
text: "Elliott," whispers Mike. "I'm keeping him," says Elliott.
text: E.T. sits behind the stuffed animals as if he was one of them.
dialog: [The use of stuffed animals as props around E.T helps to transfer positive
dialog: feelings that the audience has for them to E.T.]
text: Gertie asks what it is as she and Michael approach E.T. Elliott tells her
text: that it won't hurt her. When asked if it's a boy or girl, Elliott replies
text: that it's a boy. He then tells her that she can't tell Mom about the
text: creature. When asked why not, he explains that "grownups can't see him.
text: Only little kids can see him." Gertie snaps back, "Give me a break."
text: [The charm in Gertie's character lies in the contradictory attributes of
text: being a sophisticated child. Humor is generated by this incongruity.]
text: Elliott then goes into his Dracula voice: "Then do you know what will
text: happen if you do tell?" He grabs Gertie's doll, tosses it to Mike and tells
text: him to "Do it!." Mike "tortures" the doll by twisting its arm. Gertie cries
text: as she runs to it. E.T. watches the scene with wonderment in his eyes.
text: Gertie finally promises not to tell about E.T. They all watch him as he
text: stretches his neck and lifts up his head.
scene_heading: EXT: COMMUNITY: DAY
text: On the hilltop overlooking the neighborhood stands a man with a camera as
text: he takes photos of the houses below. The man with keys on his waist walks
text: into the area, as other men comb the ground with electronic equipment.
text: [Jeopardy is introduced in the scene in order to maintain tension in the
text: audience. The antagonist is getting closer to the home of the protagonist.]
scene_heading: EXT: ELLIOTT`S HOUSE: NIGHT
dialog: [This is an establishing shot.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT`S HOUSE: NIGHT
text: Mary, carrying a yellow watering pail, walks across the room and waters a
text: large plant. Gertie pulls a little red wagon into the hallway. When asked
text: by Mary what she's doing, Gertie replies that she's going to play in
text: Elliott's room. "Okay, don't let them torture you," says the mother. "I
text: won't, Mary," replies Gertie.
text: [This generates humor because the child deals with the mother as if they
dialog: are equals.]
text: Gertie picks up a pot containing a sickly geranium plant and places it into
text: the wagon. The phone rings and Mary answers it off screen.
dialog: [The plant becomes an important prop because in the story it will represent
dialog: the health and well-being of E.T.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM: NIGHT
text: Gertie knocks on the door. Mike lets her and Harvey into the room. They
text: walk to the table where E.T. and Elliott are sitting. Gertie puts the
text: sickly plant n the table. E.T. puts his finger into the plant. Elliott
text: opens up an encyclopedia and points to California on a map of the United
text: States. "We are here," Elliott says as E.T. munches on celery. Michael
text: hands Elliott a globe and tells him to use this instead of the map. Elliott
text: points to the globe, then asks E.T. where he's from. E.T. points out the
dialog: window.
dialog: [Elliott's objective is to discover more about the alien.]
text: Elliott opens the book to a page that has the map of a galaxy. He points to
text: the planet earth, touches the globe, then says "HOME, HOME." E.T. makes a
text: soft noise that sounds similar to the word "home." Gertie watches him as he
text: picks up round objects and places them on the map: three small pieces of
text: fruit and two eggs. E.T.'s eyes concentrate on the table, which then starts
text: to shake. The two eggs and three small pieces of fruit then lift off the
text: table and float in the air. The children watch with awe.
dialog: [This introduction of "magical" powers that E.T. possesses was unexpected
dialog: and thereby helps to make the story unpredictable.]
text: Elliott screams with fright and the floating objects drop to the floor. He
text: walks to a lamp and stares into it. Mike asks what is wrong. "I don't know.
text: Something scary," says Elliott as E.T. places his finger on Elliott's
dialog: shoulder.
text: [Jeopardy is introduced into the scene with this comment. Yet it is not
text: E.T. who is to be feared, as indicated by his comforting gesture of placing
text: his finger on Elliott's shoulder.]
scene_heading: EXT: BACKYARD: NIGHT
text: Elliott runs by the shed, past a swaying swing, up the stairs to the red
text: lamppost and to the wire gate. He strains to hear the sounds of men
dialog: talking.
text: [The antagonist is getting closer to the home of the protagonist.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM: NIGHT
text: E.T. sits next to a lamp as he reads a child's ABC book. He sits next to a
dialog: Raggedy Ann doll.]
text: [Another image of E.T. learning the language which helps to forge a bond
text: between him and children in the audience. Good feelings for the doll are
dialog: also transferred to the alien.]
text: On the floor next to E.T. is the pot containing the sickly flowers. He
text: looks at the flowers, makes a moaning sound, and suddenly they become
text: healthy and transform into full bloom.
dialog: [This establishes the magical healing powers of E.T.]
scene_heading: EXT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: DAY
text: Elliott and Mike walk down the driveway. They are on their way to school.
text: They discuss E.T., arguing about how smart he is.
dialog: [This is just a transition scene.]
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: DAY
text: Mike and Elliot walk towards a bus stop where a group of children are
text: waiting. Mike's friends torment Elliott about his "goblin."
dialog: [This generates more audience empathy for Elliott, who is unfairly mocked
text: by the ignorant boys. Elliott still has not earned the respect of Mike's
dialog: friends, which is one of his dreams.]
text: They finally get on the bus as Elliott walks away, followed by a pretty
text: blonde girl who seems to have a crush on him. Michael appears worried as he
text: sits on the bus among the other children who are throw- ing objects at each
dialog: other.
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: DAY
text: Gertie stands on the stairway looking up, presumably thinking about E.T. in
text: Elliott's room. Mary comes running downstairs and tells Gertie that they
text: have to get into the car, otherwise they'll be late. Suddenly, Mary hears a
text: noise upstairs. She goes up to see what caused the sound.
text: [Jeopardy: E.T. is in danger of being discovered by an adult. The
text: audience's expectations were shaped in the earlier dinner scene, where Mary
dialog: told the children she would call to have the creature taken away if he came
text: around the house again. This is what the audience expects her to do if she
dialog: finds E.T.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S BEDROOM: DAY
text: Mary walks into the closet and looks around. The camera pans across the
text: large faces of all the stuffed dolls: Raggedy Ann, a Bear, a Monkey, E.T.'s
text: Face, a Lion, etc. Mary doesn't notice E.T., then closes the closet door
text: and leaves.
dialog: [Humor is generated because of the incongruity of a living creature among
text: the dolls, and the inability of Mary to distinguish between them. The
text: laughter releases the tension that was created in the previous scene. This
text: also reinforces the audience's emotional ties to E.T., since he is so
dialog: "doll-like."]
scene_heading: INT: SCHOOL: DAY
text: A teacher walks down the aisle and announces to the class that today they
text: will perform the frog dissection for which they have been preparing. As he
text: passes Elliott's desk, he starts to say "frogs similar to," then he notices
text: the drawing of E.T. The teacher picks it up. Elliott turns to see the
text: pretty blonde girl staring at him. Realizing she's been caught, she quickly
text: turns and looks away.
dialog: [This attraction to Elliott is set up in order to payoff before the end of
dialog: the school sequence.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM: DAY
text: E.T. opens the door to Elliott's room and walks out into the hallway.
text: Harvey sees and quickly approaches.
dialog: [Jeopardy: will the dog attack E.T.? At there last encounter E.T. was
dialog: frightened by Harvey.]
scene_heading: INTERCUT: CLASSROOM
text: The teacher continues his instructions, telling the students that the
dialog: scalpel is very sharp, and that they should use discretion when cutting.
dialog: There should be very little blood, and maybe a little body fluids.
text: [This exposition of the plans sets up the audience's expectations, which
dialog: later will not be fulfilled. This is a standard structure used to generated
dialog: excitement and unpredictability in a story.]
scene_heading: INT: KITCHEN: DAY
text: E.T., wearing a blue-flannel shirt, walks into the kitchen with Harvey at
text: his side. He opens the refrigerator. Harvey licks his lips as he watches in
text: anticipation of getting something to eat. E.T. takes out a plastic
text: container of potato salad, opens it, then sticks his tongue into the salad.
text: He hates the taste and throws it onto the floor. Harvey licks it up. E.T.
text: then picks up a can of beer and drinks it as Harvey barks.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: Elliott sits at his desk as he listens to the teacher speak. Elliott burps.
text: All the children in the classroom stare at him.
text: [This again shows the merging of Elliott and E.T.]
scene_heading: INTERCUT: KITCHEN
text: E.T., drunk, wobbles across the kitchen floor and walks into a counter.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: Elliott places his fingers to his head. He is also becoming drunk. The
text: teacher tells the class that in this bisection they should locate the heart
text: and notice that it is still beating.
text: [The red-lit heart is the most prominent feature of E.T. Having the teacher
text: focus on the frog's heart starts the identification in the audience's mind
dialog: of the frogs and E.T.]
scene_heading: INTERCUT: KITCHEN
text: E.T. turns and walks into another wall as Harvey continues to eat the
text: potato salad on the floor.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: Elliott, now drunk, slides down in his chair.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: KITCHEN
text: E.T. turns, walks, then collapses head first onto the floor.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: Elliott slides under his desk and falls onto the floor. The teacher doesn't
text: hear this because at that moment he pulls down a wall hanging which
text: contains pictures of a frog's anatomy.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: KITCHEN
text: E.T. opens another can of beer.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: Elliott pulls himself up off the floor with a drunken smile on his face.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: KITCHEN
text: E.T. gulps down another can of beer.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: Elliott, drunk, sits at his desk. He turns and smiles at the pretty blonde
text: girl across the aisle. She turns away from him with disgust.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: LIVING ROOM
text: E.T. plays on the keys of a voice generating language game. He next presses
text: a button on a remote control which activates the TV set. A cartoon appears
text: with a cat getting its tail caught on fire. The cat screams and E.T reacts
text: with horror. He throws the beer can at the TV set.
dialog: [Laughter is generated, for while this under normal circumstances would be
text: inappropriate behavior, he makes sense given E.T.'s point of view.]
text: He then presses another button on the remote, and the image of a flying
text: plane appears on the screen. A spaceship next appears, and pulls the plane
text: up towards it.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: The teacher carries a jar of cotton balls soaked in chloroform, which he
text: drops into the jars containing frogs. He tells the children to immediately
text: put the lids on the jars. After telling the children that this won't hurt
text: the frogs, he places a cotton ball into the last two jars, one of which
text: belongs to Elliott. Elliott doesn't place the cover on his jar, but instead
text: sadly watches as the frog tries to escape. Slowly he places to lid on it,
text: as he gazes at the frog.
text: "Say hi. Can you talk? Can you talk? Can you say hi?" says Elliott.
text: [Elliott is making an emotional identification of the frog with E.T. by
text: attempting the same process of communication. The situation also creates
text: expectations in the audience that similar things will happen to E.T. once
dialog: he is captured.]
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP: FROG'S FACE
scene_heading: CLOSEUP: E.T.'S FACE
text: [A cinematic technique which reinforces the identification of the frog with
text: E.T. This sets up the audience for E.T.'s operation. They expect the frog
text: to die, and they project these expectations to E.T. later in the story.]
scene_heading: INTERCUT: LIVING ROOM
text: E.T. has a hangover as he hiccups and puts his hand on his head. He then
text: picks up the cartoon section of a newspaper. One cartoon strip has a
text: picture of a communication device with a caption stating "HELP, HELP."
text: On the TV monitor a woman is talking long distance n her telephone to her
text: Uncle Ralph in California. E.T. hears the sounds coming from the TV, then
text: turns to look at the monitor, where he sees a man talking into a phone in
text: his hand. The camera pans to a phone near E.T. A child in the TV program
text: picks up the phone, says hello to his uncle, then hangs up.
dialog: [This generates laughter because it's inappropriate behavior to just say
dialog: hello, then hang up.]
text: E.T. looks closer at the Buck Rogers cartoon. One cell has an image of a
text: man in a spacesuit setting up a transmitter. The next cell has him saying
text: "It works" as the communication device transmits "help, help!" E.T. lifts
text: up his head from the newspaper.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: "Save him" shouts Elliott. Elliott picks up his jar, unscrews the top, then
text: lets out his frog, screaming "Run for your life. Back to the forest! Run!"
text: [Another merging of E.T. and Elliott's feelings and thoughts. E.T.
dialog: presumably had the feeling of wanting to be saved by his friends, and this
dialog: feeling prompted Elliott to cry out.]
text: He next opens the jar of the girl besides him. Elliott struggles with one
text: student, then proceeds to turn over many of the other jars as he frees the
text: frogs. Some of the other children also free their frogs.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: LIVINGROOM
text: E.T. studies the electronic circuitry of the language game. Suddenly John
text: Wayne comes on the screen. E.T. is fascinated with his image. It's a scene
text: from the movie "QUIET MAN." Maureen O'Sullivan huddles in a corner of the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: A pile of frogs gather at the feet of a terrified little girl with blonde
text: braids. Elliott, drunk, staggers by her.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: LIVINGROOM
text: E.T. continues to watch the TV monitor as the woman in the movie screams.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: A blonde girl who has a crush on Elliott screams when a frog is placed on
dialog: her shoes.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: LIVINGROOM
text: The woman in the movie runs out the door. John Wayne grabs hold of her arm.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: Elliott grabs hold of the blonde girl as she runs out the door.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: LIVINGROOM
text: John Wayne pulls the woman back.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: Elliott pulls the blonde girl back.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: LIVINGROOM
text: John Wayne takes the woman into his arms.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: Elliott takes the blonde girl into his arms.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: LIVINGROOM
text: John Wayne kisses the woman.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: Elliott, too short to kiss her, stands on the back of a student who was
text: crawling on the floor after a frog. Elliott kisses the girl.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: LIVINGROOM
text: E.T., filled with fascination, watches the TV monitor.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: SCHOOL
text: The children's hands poke through the windows and free the frogs by
text: throwing them out onto the grass.
dialog: [Elliott was able to accomplish his objective of freeing the frogs. This
dialog: sequence was structured to run in parallel in order to emphasize the
dialog: merging of Elliott and E.T.]
scene_heading: INT: LIVING ROOM: DAY
text: A blanket containing aluminum foil, electrical toys and appliances is
text: pulled across the floor.Mary opens the door and yells hello. Harvey runs to
text: the front door. E.T walks out from behind the TV and kicks beer cans across
dialog: the floor.
text: [The alien quickly learns the appropriate behavior for drinking at home.]
text: Mary, with her arms filled with grocery bags and clothes from the cleaners,
text: walks into the kitchen. She is followed by Gertie, who sees E.T standing
text: near the refrigerator. Mary opens the refrigerator door, and knocks E.T. in
text: the head. He falls backwards onto the floor. Gertie helps E.T. up off the
text: floor. He walks past Mary as he goes back to the refrigerator. Mary still
text: doesn't see him.
dialog: [This increases the audience's tension. They are expecting E.T. to be
text: discovered by Mary, and they are expecting her to scream.]
text: Gertie keeps telling her that she wants Mary to meet somebody, but Mary
text: ignores her as she talks about how much the price of food has gone up in
text: one week. E.T. grabs a can of coffee from the kitchen table, then again
text: walks past Mary as she goes in the opposite direction. He goes back into
text: the TV room.
text: [The laughter's produced by Mary's failure to see the reality of the alien
dialog: who's right under her nose.]
text: Gertie is watching a language teaching program for children on the TV. The
text: program is teaching words that begin with the letter "B". The phone rings
text: as Mary accidentally kicks a can of beer across the floor. She answers the
text: phone with the beer can in her hand. The person on the phone tells Mary
text: that Elliott is intoxicated.
text: Gertie, watching the TV monitor, responds to the program by practicing the
text: "B" words. E.T. pokes his head up from behind the monitor and says
text: "BBBBBBB." Gertie stares at him as he repeats the "B" sound, then lowers
text: his head back down below the TV.
text: "You said 'B'," says Gertie. "B," repeats E.T. "You said 'B,' good," says
text: Gertie. "B...GOOD," repeats E.T.
text: [This is a set up for the closing communication between E.T. and Gertie
text: before he flies away in the spacecraft. This is also the first moment that
text: he spoke an English word. Many children and parents in the audience can
dialog: identify with this moment, and the first moral precept usually taught to a
dialog: child: be good.]
text: Mary hangs up the phone and tells Gertie that she has to pick up Elliott.
text: She asks Gertie to be a good girl. "Mommy, he can talk," says Gertie. "Of
text: course he can talk," says Mary, referring to the TV program.
text: [The humor is generated from Mary's misunderstanding of Gertie's
dialog: statement.]
text: As Mary leaves, E.T. walks out from behind the TV. He walks to a phone and
text: stares. "Phone," says Mary. "Phone," says E.T. E.T. presses the numbers of
text: the phone. "You want to call somebody?" asks Gertie.
text: [This establishes E.T.'s objective: to communicate with his fellow
dialog: creatures so that he can return home.]
scene_heading: INT: HOUSE: DAY
text: Elliott walks up the stairs to his room. Mary's voice can be heard from
text: below saying she refuses to pay for frogs.
dialog: [This is a fine example of the point of attack for a scene: Instead of
text: showing what would happen in real life (Mary's discussions with the teacher
text: about Elliott's behavior in the classroom), the scene picks up with what is
text: important for the audience: Elliott's discovery that E.T. can now talk. A
text: scene showing Mary in school would be redundant and dramatically
dialog: irrelevant.]
text: Elliott is walking towards his room when he hears Gertie talking to E.T. in
text: her room. He drops his bags on the floor, and quickly enters her room.
text: "Be good, be good," says Gertie as she closes the doors to her closet.
text: Elliott pushes Gertie away from the closet and opens it. Inside is E.T.
text: dressed up in girl clothes with a blonde wig on his head. He has a rabbit
text: fur around his neck and wears a black hat with flowers.
dialog: [This is completely inappropriate attire for an alien, whether male or
text: female. The visual incongruity of E.T. in girl's clothes generates the
dialog: laughter.]
text: "Oh God!" says Elliott. "Elliott," says E.T. "What?" says Elliott, not yet
text: realizing that it was E.T. who spoke. "Elliott, Elliott," repeats E.T. "I
text: taught him how to talk. He can talk now," says Gertie.
dialog: [Elliott, with the help of Gertie and the TV program, has completed one of
dialog: Elliott's objectives: communicating with E.T.]
text: Gertie points out the things that E.T. has brought upstairs: electrical
text: toys and the plant. She wonders what he needs this for. E.T. holds the
text: cartoon page of the newspaper out to Elliott. "E.T., can you say that? Can
text: you say E.T.?" asks Elliott. "E.T.," repeats E.T. Elliott laughs with joy.
text: E.T keeps repeating his name as he turns and walks through the closet into
text: Elliott's room.
text: "E.T., be good," says E.T. "Be good," I taught him that too," says Gertie.
dialog: ["Be good" is a fundamental value taught children, as basic as the
text: principle "There's no place like home," taught in the WIZARD OF OZ.]
dialog: "You should give him his dignity. This is the most ridiculous thing I've
dialog: ever seen," says Elliott.
text: E.T. hands Elliott the newspaper, and points to the Buck Rodgers comic
text: strip. He then says "PHONE". Elliott is amazed at this. E.T. walks into the
text: closet and says "HOME." Elliott confirms that this is E.T.'s home. E.T.
text: then turns, walks to the window, points to the sky, and says "E.T. HOME
speaker_heading: PHONE."
text: "E.T. PHONE HOME" says Gertie. "E.T. PHONE HOME" says Elliott.
text: "He wants to call somebody," says Gertie.
dialog: [This reconfirms E.T.'s objective.]
text: Mike walks into the room and laughs at E.T.'s attire.
text: "E.T. Phone Home," says E.T.
text: "Oh my God, he's talking now," says Mike.
text: E.T. once again points out the window and repeats that he wants to call
dialog: home.
dialog: "And they'll come?, says Elliott.
text: "Come?" responds E.T. "Home, home" he repeats.
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: NIGHT
text: A truck drives down the street. Inside a man with earphones listens to the
text: conversations in the neighborhood homes, as he fine tunes his electronic
text: eavesdropping equipment. He focuses in on Elliott's voice.
text: [Jeopardy: the forces of the antagonist are getting closer and closer. They
text: are now inside the privacy of the protagonist's home, listening to their
dialog: most intimate conversations.]
scene_heading: INT: GARAGE: NIGHT
text: Elliott, Mike and Harvey are in the garage searching for objects that E.T.
text: could use in building his communications device. Elliott restates that he
text: has "absolute power" and that E.T. belongs to him.
dialog: [Elliott's objective is to possess E.T., not set him free. Freeing the one
dialog: he loves is the lesson he will have to learn in this story.]
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: NIGHT
text: The van containing electronic eavesdropping equipment drives past Elliott's
dialog: house.
text: [They are still in jeopardy: their actions and words are being monitored.]
scene_heading: INT: GARAGE: DAY
text: Mike tells Elliott that E.T. doesn't look too good anymore.
dialog: "Don't say that, we're fine!" says Elliott.
dialog: "What's all this we stuff. You say we all the time now. Look Elliott,
text: I think he might be getting sick," replies Michael.
text: [This confirms Elliott's belief that he considers himself and E.T. to be
text: one being. It also introduces further jeopardy for E.T. Besides being
text: tracked by the antagonist, he is also becoming sick.]
scene_heading: INT: VAN: NIGHT
text: The man with the earphones is listening to Elliott and Michael's
text: conversation as they discuss E.T.'s sickness.
scene_heading: INT: GARAGE: DAY
text: Mike tells Elliott to grab the fuzzbuster. Elliott pulls his father's blue
text: shirt out from the shelf. They reminisce about the days when he used to
dialog: take them to baseball games and the movies, where they would have baseball
text: fights. Mike says that they'll do that again, but Elliott doesn't really
text: believe him. They each smell their father's shirt.
text: "Old Spice," says Mike.
text: "Sea Breeze," says Elliott.
text: [Here a prop (their father's shirt) is used to reveal the emotional
text: relationships between the two boys and their father. Audience empathy is
text: generated for them because they have been abandoned by their father. The
text: audience's anger is transferred from the father to the antagonist who is
dialog: eavesdropping on this private intimate moment.]
scene_heading: INT: VAN: NIGHT
text: The man in the van continues to listen to Elliott and Michael's
text: conversation. Only the listener's eye is clearly visible.
dialog: [This is a cinematic technique to signify the "ever-watching eye" of the
dialog: faceless antagonist.]
scene_heading: INT: GERTIE'S ROOM: NIGHT
text: Mary lies in bed next to Gertie as she reads her the Peter Pan story. Mary
text: reads that Peter has defeated the Indians, but Wendy and the boys have been
text: captured by the pirates. He vows to rescue her. E.T. watches them from the
dialog: closet.
text: [Here the notion of "a rescue" is introduced, and visually associated with
text: E.T. as he watches them from the closet. This is an emotional set up for
text: the audience, so that they will later be supportive of Elliott and the
dialog: boy's efforts to rescue E.T.]
text: Mary reads the section of the Peter Pan story where Tinker Bell becomes
text: poisoned. Elliott comes into the closet, stands next to E.T., then closes
text: the door behind them.
text: "Tinkerbell swallows the draft as Peter's hand reaches for it," reads Mary.
dialog: "Why T, you have drunk my medicine."
text: Elliott pulls E.T. away from the door, then shifts through a box of items
text: that he brought up from the garage. He cuts his finger on the blade of a
text: power saw, then says "OUCH," as he holds his bleeding finger up into the
text: air. E.T. points his own finger towards Elliott. E.T.'s finger glows like a
text: laser light as he says "ouch." He then presses this lit finger on Elliott's
text: cut and heals it.
dialog: [This establishes the fundamental goodness and healing power of E.T.]
text: E.T. opens the slit in the closet door and continues to watch Mary read to
text: Gertie the part where Tinker Bell is dying.
dialog: "She says she thinks she can get well again if children believe in fairies.
dialog: Do you believe in fairies? Say quick that you believe."
text: "I DO! I DO! I DO!" says Gertie.
dialog: "If you believe, clap your hands."
text: Both Gertie and Mary clap their hands. Elliott places a blanket around
text: E.T.'s shoulders and a scarf around his neck, as they listen to the rest of
dialog: the story.
text: "Thank you, thank you. And now to rescue Wendy," reads Mary. Elliott places
text: his arm around E.T.
text: [The Peter Pan story is used to set up the audience's emotional reactions
text: to a fairy tale concerning near death and rescue. This emotional empathy
text: will then be transferred to E.T., another "fairy-like creature" when he
text: becomes sick and is rescued. Just as the audience felt like clapping for
dialog: Tinker Bell, they will applaud the children's efforts to save E.T.]
scene_heading: EXT: HOUSE: NIGHT
text: Exhaust flows from the tailpipe of a van. This is the same type of
text: poisonous exhaust image that the audience saw when vans drove into the
text: forest at the beginning of the movie.
dialog: [Jeopardy: the forces of the antagonist are still nearby.]
scene_heading: INT: BEDROOM: NIGHT
text: Elliott, dressed in white long-johns, sits on his bunkbed as he watches
text: E.T. Michael stands next to him. Elliott comments that E.T. is putting
text: together his instrument, while Mike fears that it might blow up the house.
text: He also comments on the irregularity of E.T.'s breathing.
dialog: [More jeopardy, both in Mike's fears of his family and home being
text: destroyed, and in E.T.'s illness becoming progressively worse.]
text: E.T places his communication device over the Buck Rodgers comic strip.
dialog: [This movement establishes a mental association between the device and the
dialog: spaceman's communication efforts in the comic strip.]
text: Petals drop off the flower in the pot.
dialog: [This represents E.T.'s failing health.]
text: E.T. lifts up his head (which indicates he's using his telekinetic powers),
text: then lifts part of his communication device into the air. He next lifts up
text: the umbrella and opens it. Both objects float in the air in front of him.
dialog: [E.T's primary objective is to go home. To accomplish this he must create a
text: communication device. This is his sub-objective, which appears to be
text: completed. He next must activate this device from the landing site and call
text: home. The obstacles he has to overcome are Mary, the community, and the
text: distance to the forest. These obstacles will be confronted in the next
dialog: scenes.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S ROOM: DAY
text: Preparing for Halloween, Elliott paints his lips with makeup. He talks to
text: Gertie about her going out that night as a ghost. They review the evening
text: plans. She will meet them at the lookout.
text: [This is an example of incomplete exposition which engages the audience.
text: They only talk about part of the plan: the meeting at the lookout. They
dialog: don't discuss anymore details, such as deceiving Mary into thinking that
text: Gertie is with them instead of E.T. The partial information forces the
dialog: audience to stay involved with the action and to create their own
dialog: conjectures about what will happen.]
scene_heading: INT: CLOSET: DAY
text: Mike helps Elliot put on his knapsack. Elliott then places a sheet over
dialog: E.T.
scene_heading: INT: STAIRCASE: DAY
text: E.T., covered with a sheet and clown shoes, walks down the staircase. The
text: clown shoes cover his three-toed feet.
scene_heading: INT: HOUSE: DAY
text: Mary walks through the house dressed in a tight fitting leopard skin dress
text: with facial makeup that makes her look like a cat. Mike tells his mother to
text: wait and not peek, as he and Elliott lead E.T. into the room. Finally, Mary
text: turns and shrieks with glee. She runs to get a camera.
dialog: [The tension in the situation is caused by their fear that E.T. will be
text: discovered by Mary. Mike and Elliott's objective is to get him out of the
dialog: house undiscovered.]
text: E.T. looks through holes cut out for his eyes and sees Michael with a fake
text: butcher knife through his head. He lights up his finger in an attempt to
text: heal Mike's wound. Mike grab's E.T.'s hand and puts it back under the
text: sheet. "Ouch, ouch" says E.T, as he tries once again to heal Mike. "It's a
text: fake knife, it's fake," says Mike.
dialog: [Laughter is generated because while E.T.'s behavior would be appropriate
dialog: if Mike was really wounded, it is inappropriate in this situation since the
dialog: knife is fake.]
text: Mary comes back with a camera and prepares to photograph them.
text: "You look great," says Mary.
dialog: "Thank you," says Mike.
dialog: "Thank you," says Elliott.
dialog: "Thank you," says E.T.
text: Mary doesn't notice that E.T. has spoken.
text: [Laughter is generated by the "rule of three" humor structure and Mary's
dialog: ignorance.]
text: When Mary takes the photo, the flash shocks E.T. and knocks him onto the
text: floor. Mike and Elliott quickly pull him up before Mary notices and lead
text: him out of the house.
dialog: [They succeed in their objective with the help of their "not so smart"
dialog: mother.]
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: DAY
text: Mary walks down the driveway as she orders them to be home no later than
text: one-hour after sundown. E.T., dressed in the sheet, turns and looks at
text: Mary, then continues down the driveway with Mike and Elliott.
text: [This creates a "timelock", a sense of urgency, and the expectation of an
dialog: upset mother if they haven't returned by the assigned time.]
scene_heading: EXT: COMMUNITY: DAY
text: Establishing shot of the neighborhood. On a hilltop by a fence stands
text: another person in a white sheet (presumably Gertie). She kicks dirt at the
text: bicycle near the fence.
dialog: [This is the end objective of Mike, Elliot and E.T.: to connect up with
text: Gertie at the lookout. Their obstacle is to get E.T past all the children
dialog: on the streets.]
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: DAY
text: The sun is setting. Children in Halloween costumes walk through the
text: streets. E.T. walks between Mike and Elliott, as he watches the other
text: children parade by. One child dressed as YODA from RETURN OF THE JEDI walks
text: by. E.T. turns and walks after him saying "HOME,HOME."
text: [The laughter is obviously the result of E.T. misinterpreting the situation
dialog: by believing that the child is another alien.]
text: They walk towards the setting sun as Mike reminds Elliott that he must be
text: back by one hour after sunset. Elliott promises to try, but he wants Mike
dialog: to cover for him.
dialog: [This creates jeopardy for the characters, because if they don't complete
dialog: their mission within the time frame, they will have trouble with Mary.]
scene_heading: EXT: HILLTOP: DAY
text: The sun is setting as Mike, Elliott, and two small characters covered with
text: sheets stand on the hilltop overlooking the city. Elliott asks Mike to help
text: him lift E.T. onto the bike. Mike does and then tells Elliott that they
dialog: will be waiting for him.
dialog: [They have reached this objective. The next objective for Elliott and E.T
dialog: is to get to the landing site in the forest.]
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: DAY
text: Elliott, with E.T sitting in the front basket, rides his bicycle through
text: the forest. The road becomes very bumpy. Elliott tells E.T. that they will
text: have to walk from there. Suddenly, E.T. takes control of the bike through
text: the use of his telekinetic powers and speeds it forward. Eliott becomes
text: frightened as E.T. speeds the bike towards a cliff and then drives it over
text: the edge. E.T. then makes the bike up through the air.
text: [The audience gulps from suspense and then goes into elation by this
dialog: surprising and magical turn of events.]
text: They continue to fly over the tree tops. Elliott yells "Not so high, not so
dialog: high."
text: [E.T and Elliott both have white hoods over their heads, which further
text: visually reinforces their identification.]
text: They ride across the front of the moon, the guiding light of magic. Elliott
text: laughs with glee. When they start their descent he begs E.T. not to crash.
text: They hit the ground. The bike turns over, and both E.T. and Elliott are
text: thrown to the ground.
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: NIGHT
text: The grandfather clock indicates 9:45. Mary watches the clock as she sits in
text: front of lighted candles. The time has long passed when Elliott was
text: supposed to be home. The lighted candles give a church like effect as if
text: Mary was praying for the safety of her children. She is upset that they
text: haven't returned. She blows out the candles, then taps out another candle
text: with her wand.
text: [There is jeopardy for the children as Mary and the audience wonder if they
text: are okay. Empathy is generated for Mary who is truly concerned for the
dialog: safety of her children.]
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: NIGHT
text: The sun has set. It's nighttime in the forest. E.T opens a box which
text: contains the saw blade brought to him by Elliott. Elliott ties a rope up to
text: a tree branch. He then opens the umbrella which is lined with aluminum foil
text: and points it towards the star-filled sky. It will function as a
text: transmitter. E.T. places a coat hanger with nails above the saw blade,
text: plugs a cable into a battery, then activates the toy language teaching
dialog: device.
dialog: [They succeeded in completing their objective to reach the landing site.
text: Their new objective is to communicate with E.T.'s fellow aliens in order to
dialog: accomplish E.T.'s primary objective, which is to return home.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: NIGHT
text: Mary, still dressed in her leopard outfit, leaves the house. She is very
text: upset that her children have not yet returned home. She mumbles to herself,
text: sticks the wand in her mouth, and shakes the car keys. She gets into the
text: car and mumbles that their father is going to hear about this one.
text: "Mexico!" she says. She drives down the driveway and into the street to
dialog: search for her children.
text: [This creates more empathy for Mary, who is very upset that her small
text: children are out this late. The parents in the audience can easily identify
text: with her. But the real function of this scene is to get her out of the
text: house so that the antagonist can invade their home. She could have stayed
text: inside, we never see her in the car searching for the children, and the
dialog: next time we do see her is by the refrigerator in the kitchen.]
text: Men get out of a parked car as Mary drives away. They take suitcases out of
text: a second car, then walk up the driveway to Elliott's house.
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: NIGHT
text: Elliott watches the treetops sway. He scratches his face, as does E.T.
text: Together they stare at the stars. The wind causes the branch to sway, which
text: then pulls the rope, which, in turn, pulls a fork across the saw blade.
text: This drags the nails in the hanger across the flat surface of the blade,
text: and sends signals out into space. Elliott is overjoyed and shouts that it
text: works, while E.T. repeats the word "Home." Together they gaze up to the
dialog: stars.
dialog: [They have accomplished their objective of sending a message into space.
dialog: Now, they wait to receive a signal back.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: NIGHT
text: The light from a flashlight crosses in front of a pumpkin's face. More
text: light floods through the slits of Gertie's door. A hand holding a
text: flashlight opens Gertie's door, and shines the light into the face of a
text: black doll.
dialog: [This has an irritating and frightening effect on anyone in the audience
dialog: who has ever had the experience of having a light shined into their face.]
text: Light from the flashlight searches around Gertie's room.
scene_heading: INT: HALLWAY: NIGHT
text: A pile of yellow electrical cord is stacked on the floor near a chair. It
text: slowly unwinds as it is pulled by someone in Elliott's room. The door to
text: Elliott's room is shut, with a poster sign hanging on it saying "DO NOT
text: ENTER." The silhouette of a man passes behind the door, as sounds of a
text: Geiger counter filter into the air. Muffled voices are heard as the cord is
text: pulled to its fullest extent. It forces a chair to slam against the wall.
text: [This last action has a jarring effect on the audience. Emotionally, the
text: audience is outraged at the invasion of the children's rooms, and this
text: creates hatred for the antagonist and his cohorts. They are still faceless
text: so the audience can project the face of the persons they most hate onto
text: these characters. This personalizes the story for them and gets them more
text: intensely involved on an emotional basis. They also become intellectually
text: involved, because the sounds of the Geiger counter and the extension of the
text: cord to its maximum length forces them to infer that the antagonist has
text: found E.T.'s "home" in the closet. This involves the audience in the story
text: much more than if the filmmaker had shown the antagonist poking around in
dialog: the closet.]
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: NIGHT
text: "We have to go now E.T. It's so late already," Elliott says as both he and
text: E.T. sadly gaze into the sky.
dialog: [Their objective of receiving a return signal has not been achieved. Their
text: sadness at failure creates empathy for them in the audience.]
text: Elliott coughs from being out in the cold, damp air.
text: [This is a setup for the later scenes when both Elliott and E.T. are
dialog: deathly ill.]
text: Elliott repeats that they really have to go home, but E.T. ignores him and
text: has a sad expression on his face as he stares up to the sky. Elliott tells
text: them that he has to give them some time. E.T. responds by saying "ouch,"
text: signifying that he feels pain. A small fawn watches them from a distance.
dialog: [The jeopardy in the scene is due to their being so late. Mary will be very
text: angry and they face the obstacle of getting E.T. back into the house
text: without being discovered. The fawn generates feelings of sympathy in the
text: audience which is transferred to E.T. The audience also empathizes with the
text: sadness they feel at failing to make contact. For now, supposedly, E.T.
dialog: won't be able to go home.]
dialog: "You could be happy here. I could take care of you," says Elliott
dialog: tearfully. I wouldn't let anybody hurt you. We could grow up together,
dialog: E.T."
dialog: [Elliott states his primary objective: to always have E.T. with him.]
dialog: "Home, Home," says E.T.
dialog: [E.T. states his primary objective: to go home.]
text: Elliott sits down and cries. E.T. touches one of his tears.
text: [The audience empathizes with the sadness of both characters.]
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: NIGHT
text: It's morning. Elliott is asleep as he leans against a large rock. He is
text: covered with a blanket as the wet forest mist surrounds him. Next to him
text: lies E.T.'s communication device.
text: Elliott coughs, gets up, tugs on the rope which activates the device, then
text: looks around for E.T. but can't find him.
dialog: [The new objective: where is E.T. and what has happened to him? This is
dialog: also the new question that will maintain the audience's interest.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: DAY
text: Mary opens the refrigerator door and puts back a carton of milk. Mike and
text: Gertie sit besides her. A policeman asks Mary how Elliott was dressed when
text: she last saw him. Mary tells him that he was dressed as a hunchback. The
dialog: policeman, whose face is not shown (I suppose so that the audience will
text: associate him as "one of them"), asks Mary if there is any indication that
dialog: he might have run away? Were there any family problems or recent arguments?
text: Mary explains that she and her husband had just separated and that this has
dialog: not been easy on the kids.
text: "My father is in Mexico," says Gertie.
dialog: [This scene generates empathy for the whole family.]
text: Mary slams the refrigerator door shut, thereby revealing Elliott standing
text: behind it. White light floods onto him making him look ghastly. Mary hugs
text: him as Mike and Gertie join them.
text: [The audience is relieved and overjoyed with Elliott's safe return.]
text: "Oh Elliott," she says as she hugs him. "Don't ever do this again, Elliott.
dialog: You're so hot."
text: Elliott is feverish from spending the night outside. Mary tells Gertie to
text: go upstairs and draw him a bath. Mary walks over to the policeman (whose
text: face is still unseen) and thanks him for his concern.
text: Elliott asks Mike if E.T. is in the house. Mike shakes his head, indicating
text: no. Elliot pleads with Mike to find him. He's somewhere in the forest near
dialog: the bald spot.
dialog: [This is the new objective: find E.T. and bring him back.]
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: DAY
text: Mike rides the bicycle with the basket in front down the driveway and into
text: the street, past a car filled with waiting men. The car starts and follows
text: Mike. He looks behind and realizes that he is being pursued.
text: [This is a standard chase scene, with a friend who is trying to save the
text: life of the protagonist being pursued. Both he and the protagonist are in
text: jeopardy. Mike's new sub-objective is to lose those who are following him.]
text: Mike cuts through a backyard and into an alley behind some houses. The car
text: follows him. Mike then rides up an embankment and drives off in the
text: opposite direction, leaving the car stranded behind.
dialog: [He successfully accomplished his subobjective.]
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: DAY
text: Mike rides through the forest as he calls out E.T.'s name. He stops and
text: searches for E.T. Mike finds the abandoned communication device, then runs
text: up a path and discovers E.T.'s white sheet hanging from the open gate.
text: [The blue-orange colors of E.T.'s communication device are the same colors
dialog: that Spielberg chose the logo of his production company, AMBLIN
scene_heading: ENTERTAINMENT.]
text: [This is the same gate near the landing site that the characters ran past
text: in the opening sequence.]
text: In another part of the forest, Mike rides his bike on a ridge above a
text: stream. E.T lies in the water below, is skin discolored to that of sickly
text: white. Mike sees him, grabs the sheet, then runs down the embankment. A
text: raccoon wanders near E.T. Mike shouts him away, then covers E.T. Mike hears
text: the sounds of a helicopter above him and looks up at the sky.
dialog: [Mike has achieved his objective: he has found E.T. But, danger hovers
text: above him in the unseen presence of the ever observing antagonist.]
scene_heading: EXT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: DAY
text: The shadow of a man falls on the driveway. The sound of keys jangling is
dialog: heard.
text: [High jeopardy: the antagonist is about to invade the home of the
dialog: protagonist.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: DAY
text: Mike is in the hallway as Mary walks up the stairs. She has a cup of coffee
text: in her hand.
text: [The cup is a prop which will be used to reveal Mary's emotions.]
text: He wants her to come with him. He asks her if she remembers the goblin. He
text: tries to get her to make a promise, but she is annoyed with him.
scene_heading: INT: BATHROOM: DAY
text: Michael then opens the door to the bathroom. Elliott is sitting on the
text: floor as Gertie sits on the counter. They are both looking into the
text: bathtub. Mary smiles as she walks into the bathroom with the cup of coffee
text: in her hand. Then she sees E.T. on the floor. He is a sickly white. He
text: extends his arms out towards her. Mary is stunned, as she turns the cup
text: over and coffee pours out onto the floor.
text: [Here a character's non-verbal action with a prop reveals her true
dialog: emotional state. She has lost it.]
text: "He's sick. I think we're dying," says Elliott. Mary covers her mouth. Mike
text: tries to tell her that E.T. won't harm them, but she orders him to take
text: Gertie downstairs. Gertie cries that he's the man from the moon as Mike
text: picks her up and carries her downstairs.
text: [Elliott, clothed only in white long-john underwear, is visually almost
text: identical to the ghastly white-colored E.T.]
text: Mary picks up Elliott and carries him out of the room as E.T. groans and
text: reaches out for them.
text: [Mary's objective is to save her family from the alien in her home.]
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: DAY
text: Mary carries Elliott down the stairs. He protests that she can't leave E.T.
text: alone. Michael runs down the stairs with Gertie on his back. He opens the
text: door, freezes, then backs away. Mary, with Elliott in her arms, approaches
text: the door and is confronted by a man in a spacesuit.
text: Mary backs into the living room as the spaceman enters and reaches out for
text: her. She goes in the opposite direction, only to run into another man in a
text: spacesuit. She runs into the kitchen, followed by Mike carrying Gertie. The
text: are blocked by still another spaceman with outstretched arms. Mary and her
text: children are backed into a corner. Another man in a spacesuit opens up the
text: window blinds from the outside. Mary shouts "THIS IS MY HOME."
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: DAY
text: Dawn. The sun rises as a line of men wearing helmets and uniforms march up
dialog: the street.
scene_heading: INT: BATHROOM: DAY
text: E.T., his skin discolored to a grey-white hue, lies on the floor as a man
text: in a space suit enters the room. "Home," says E.T.
dialog: [This is the end of act two. The antagonist and his forces have invaded the
text: home of the protagonist and taken them into possession. This terrifying
text: invasion of the privacy of their home generates more empathy for Mary and
dialog: her children.]
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: DAY
text: Men in helmets walk up a street as they push a large plastic tunnel. Police
text: cars slowly drive up the street, as faceless men march to a drumbeat.
dialog: [This is the beginning of the third act with the forces of the antagonist
dialog: in complete control.]
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: NIGHT
text: Men with welding torches work on a truck. The plastic tunnel leads up the
text: driveway to Elliott's house. The faces of the men are still not shown. They
text: are either wearing helmets or are silhouettes.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: The man with keys jangling on his side is putting on a pair of light-blue
dialog: pants.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: STREET
text: Men are working outside. Large bright lights flood the area.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: "KEYS"
text: The man in the blue suit puts on a white pair of plastic gloves. Red and
text: black colors on his cuff are associated with his keys as ominous music
text: fills the soundtrack.
dialog: [This is the only instance in this film where the traditional colors of the
text: antagonist (red and black) are associated with the antagonist ("keys").
text: Putting on a light-blue outfit starts the transformation of the antagonist
text: into a character worthy of audience empathy, for blue-white is the
text: traditional production design colors signifying "innocence."]
text: The man in the light-blue suit gets up walks through the plastic tunnel
text: towards Elliott's house. He exits the tunnel and walks into the house which
text: has been completely enclosed by plastic.
text: Finally, the antagonist's face is shown. His head is covered by a blue hood
text: while a light under his face mask accentuates his white shirt.
text: Mary stands in the middle of the room with Gertie at her side. A doctor
text: asks her questions about E.T., but Mary is more concerned with Elliott's
text: state. A nurse cuts a lock from Gertie's hair (presumably for analysis),
text: while both Elliott and E.T. can be seen on a video monitor. This nurse
text: walks to Mike and cuts a piece of his hair while a doctor asks him
text: questions about E.T. A video monitor shows Elliott and E.T. "Elliott thinks
text: his thoughts," asks the doctor. "No, Elliott feels his feelings," answers
dialog: Michael.
text: [This is the first time in the film that the merging of Elliott and E.T.
text: has been explicitly stated. Yet, this condition has been revealed to the
text: audience non-verbally throughout the story. The verbalization seems
text: redundant and not necessary, but does make sense as an explanatory comment
dialog: to a character new to the story.]
scene_heading: INT: CHAMBER: DAY
text: A man stands in what appears to be a decontamination chamber.
scene_heading: INTERCUT: MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS
text: Hands push buttons on electronic equipment used to gather medical
text: information about Elliott and E.T. Graphs representing E.T. and Elliott run
dialog: in exact parallel.
dialog: [This is another representation of the fact that E.T. and Elliott have
dialog: merged and are to be considered as one being.]
scene_heading: INT: MEDICAL ROOM: DAY
text: Two people in white suits zip open a plastic covering and enter the room
text: where Elliot and E.T. are being examined.
dialog: [The color white traditionally signifying purity. A transition in the
text: audience's emotional alliances is being manipulated at this stage of the
text: story. Their hatred will be transferred from "keys" who will become much
text: more sympathetic to "death itself" which threatens the life of E.T. It
dialog: would be too much to ask of the adult audience to remain sympathetic to the
text: emotional pleadings of a child when space scientists are trying to save the
dialog: life of a sick alien.]
text: "You're scaring him," cries Elliott, as the doctors examine both Elliott
text: and E.T. as they lie on adjacent tables. E.T's head rests on a blue piece
dialog: of cloth.
text: "Leave him alone, leave him alone. I can take care of him," moans Elliott.
dialog: [Which, of course, he can't. But this is something that both he, and
dialog: probably most of the children in the audience, really believe.]
text: Elliott looks up into the face of "Keys," who says that he's been to the
text: forest. He wants to know what the machine does. Elliott says that it's a
text: communication machine, and asks if it's still working. He then states that
text: "He came to me. He came to me." "Keys" explains that he's been wishing for
dialog: this too, ever since he was ten years old. He doesn't want the alien to
text: die. He asks what more can they do that they are not already doing.
text: Elliott's image reflects in "Keys" face gear. Elliott tells him that E.T.
dialog: was calling his people because he needs to go home.
text: ["Keys" is no longer the threat. He has been transformed into a friend who
text: also wants to help the alien. A new antagonist must now be created in order
text: to maintain conflict in the story. In this scene DEATH will serve that
text: function. For the rest of the film the forces of the United States
text: Government, who attempt to block E.T.'s escape, will function as the
dialog: antagonist.]
text: Another Doctor dressed in white enters the room and announces that E.T. has
text: DNA. Suddenly, a display screen shows a drop in E.T. and Elliott's graphs.
text: One doctor says there's a drop in the creature's blood temperature, while
text: another states that Elliott's condition is stabilizing: his blood pressure
text: is coming back up.
text: E.T. calls Elliott's name, and the medical personnel become aware that he
text: can talk. Elliott pleads with him to stay. E.T. repeats the words "stay,
text: stay," then slowly turns his head away.
text: Their graphs separate. One doctor announces that the boy is coming back,
dialog: but they are losing E.T.
scene_heading: INT: CLOSET: NIGHT
text: Michael enters the closet space where E.T. stayed. He looks at the objects,
text: including the cartoon page from the newspaper, then huddles down among
dialog: E.T.'s possessions.
dialog: [These actions create more empathy for Michael who suffers at the thought
dialog: of losing E.T.]
text: The is a time transition, for Michael is asleep in E.T.'s space when the
text: morning sun shines on his face. Michael wakes up, then watches the plant
text: (which represents E.T.'s life force) wilt. He screams.
scene_heading: INT: MEDICAL ROOM: DAY
text: "E.T., don't go" screams Elliott.
text: Doctors state that he has no blood pressure and there is no pulse or
text: respiration. A bell rings, which signifies a life and death situation.
text: Doctors run into the room and tear down the plastic coverings surrounding
dialog: E.T.
text: "Leave him alone. You're killing him," says Elliott. They wheel Elliott out
text: of the room as he continues to scream. The medical staff frantically tries
text: to revive E.T. They try electrical shocks, but that fails. Gertie holds her
text: doll as she watches. She reacts by jumping when the electrical shocks are
dialog: applied to E.T.
dialog: [Showing one character's reactions to a situation help to create the
dialog: intended reaction in the audience.]
text: The doctors are losing him. Elliott watches and cries. Mary goes to him and
text: they hug each other. Gertie cries as she holds her doll. Mike walks into
text: the room, as "Keys" watches, then turns away.
text: [This provides the audience with each character's reaction to the death of
text: E.T. This is a surprising event for the audience: the protagonist has died.
text: Emotionally, it was designed to sadden the audience so that they will
text: become overjoyed when he is brought back to life.]
scene_heading: EXT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: DAY
text: A white van awaits at the bottom of the driveway.
dialog: [Previously, the vans and cars associated with the antagonist were of dark
text: colors. The color changes allows the filmmaker to use culturally determined
dialog: color associations to manipulate the audience's emotional responses.]
text: Police and other officials walk past a white van, white truck, police cars
text: and other white vehicles towards a tan colored car. Mike's friends sit on
text: their bikes behind police barriers. They make comments that something has
dialog: just happened inside the house.
text: [This establishes the existence of Mike's friends who will play a crucial
dialog: role in the last chase scene.]
scene_heading: INT: MEDICAL ROOM: DAY
text: The medical staff gives up on E.T. and decide to pack him in ice. Mike
text: watches as the staff of E.T. slowly walks away. "Keys" removes his headgear
text: and walks to Elliott who is standing vigil over E.T.'s body. "Keys" then
text: approaches E.T. Mike watches and cries as a man behind him removes his
text: headgear. The faces of several medical attendants are shown.
dialog: [This humanizes the forces of the antagonist and makes them much less
dialog: threatening. That's why they had to be faceless for so long throughout the
dialog: story.]
text: "Keys" kneels besides E.T. and with gloved hand closes his eyes. Mary holds
text: Gertie. When Gerite asks if he's dead, Mary replies that she thinks so.
text: Gertie then says she wishes him back.
text: [The interchange between Gertie and Mary reminds the audience of the Tinker
text: Bell situation when Mary read to her from Peter Pan. Those same feelings
text: are reintroduced here: the clapping of hands to save the fairy and then the
dialog: desire to rescue the children. This is the payoff to the emotional
text: reactions set up in that earlier scene.]
text: "Keys" looks up to see two attendants roll in a metal casing filled with
text: ice into which they will place E.T.'s body.
text: Mary picks up Gertie and carries her out of the room. Medical technicians
text: prepare the casing as Elliott watches. Keys approaches Elliot and tells him
dialog: that they will be taking E.T. away. "They are just going to cut him all
text: up," replies Elliott.
dialog: [This is the payoff to the frog sequence. The audience believes that
text: Elliott is correct, given the scientific mind as demonstrated by the
text: teacher. They also now remember the joy they felt when Elliott freed the
dialog: frogs, and wish they could experience that again now.]
text: "Do you want to spend some time alone with him?" asks "Keys," as he puts
text: his arm around Elliott and walks him to the casing. He tells the medical
text: attendants to leave the room.
text: [This generates empathy for "Keys" who is shown to be concerned for
dialog: Elliott's feelings.]
text: The attendants walk out of the room past Michael who is watching Elliott.
text: "Keys" leaves Elliott alone with the body of E.T., which is covered in a
text: plastic bag as it lies on dry ice. Elliott stares down at E.T.
dialog: "Look at what they've done to you. I'm so sorry. You must be dead. I... I
dialog: didn't know how to feel. I can't feel anything anymore. You've gone
dialog: someplace else now. E.T., I love you."
text: [Elliott wears a partially open white-jacket. He is framed within an oval
dialog: shaped glass.]
text: Elliott places the cover down over E.T. and walks away from the oval glass.
text: A red-light flashes from inside the casing, but Elliott doesn't notice this
text: as he walks away. He passes the pot of wilted flowers. The flowers slowly
text: start to regain strength. Elliott notices this, then quickly returns the
text: casing.
dialog: [This is the payoff for the pot-of-wilted-flowers prop.]
text: He opens the casing, sees the red-light flashing from E.T.'s heart, then
text: zips open the plastic bag. The alien looks up and says "E.T. phone home."
text: Elliott screams with joy.
text: "Home, home, home, home," says E.T.
text: "Does this mean they are coming?" asks Elliott.
text: "Yes," answers E.T.
dialog: [E.T. has finally succeeded in his objective of communicating home.]
text: Elliott tells him to stay and shut up, as he places his hand over E.T.'s
text: mouth. Elliott zips him back up, then places a cloth over his flashing
text: red-heart, as "KEYS" re-enters the room. Elliott slams down the cover.
text: "KEYS" pulls Elliott away from the case as two attendants prepare for its
text: removal. Elliott cries out with feigned sorrow to conceal his glee when he
text: sees the wilted flowers regain their health. The attendants lock the case.
scene_heading: INT: DECONTAMINATION CHAMBER: DAY
text: Elliott tells Mike that E.T. is alive. Mike's also overjoyed. Mike and
text: Elliott rejoice as the wilted flowers continue to bloom.
scene_heading: INT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: DAY
text: Mary is talking to "KEYS" as Gertie runs up with the pot of flowers in her
text: hands. He asks Mary if the boys have gone because she's sup- posed to give
text: her a note when they have gone. Mary takes the note from Gertie and reads
dialog: it.
dialog: [This note provides the crisis to which Mary must react, yet the audience
dialog: is kept in suspense.]
scene_heading: EXT: PLASTIC TUNNEL: DAY
text: Elliott runs down the tunnel past two men dressed in blue, then enters the
text: back of the van. Elliott then pulls aside the white curtains that separate
text: the drivers compartment from the back of the van to reveal Michael in the
text: driver's seat. He to is wearing a blue jacket. Elliott yells at Mike for
text: not wearing his mask. Suddenly, a black official walks by the van, spots
text: Mike in the driver's seat, and knocks on the window. He holds a
text: walkie-talkie in his hand as he asks Mike who he is. Mike responds that
text: he's driving. The official tells Mike to open the door. When Mike looks to
text: Elliott for advice, Elliott tells him to drive away.
dialog: [Elliott and Mike's objective is to escape with E.T.]
text: A group of men approach the van. Mike screams that he's never driven
text: forward before, shifts into first gear, and drives away.
text: [This is the payoff to the scene of Mike incompetently backing the car down
dialog: the driveway.]
text: As Mike drives away he drags along the plastic tunnel with the two men
text: still inside. Mike briefly stops by his friends and tells them to meet him
text: at the playground at the top of he hill. He then drives away, pursued by a
text: group of men. Mike's friends put on their hats and sun- glasses, and join
text: the fray.
text: [The chase is on. Suspense is created because the audience wonders whether
text: they will get E.T. back to the forest before the are stopped. They face
text: impossible odds, yet Mike's friends display loyalty as they join the fight.
text: Mike and Elliott's first objective is to reach the park. Their major
dialog: obstacle is the men trying to capture them.]
text: Mike drives the van down the street. The two men still in the plastic
text: tunnel try to climb back towards the van. Elliott starts to disconnect the
text: tunnel by pulling out metal braces.
dialog: [Jeopardy: If these men get into the van, they will overpower Elliott and
dialog: Mike, and prevent E.T. from getting home.]
scene_heading: EXT: ELLIOTT'S HOUSE: DAY
text: Mary backs her car out of the garage. Gertie is sitting next to her in the
text: front seat holding onto the flower pot. "Keys" runs up to Mary and asks
text: where she's going. Gertie blunts out "to the spaceship."
text: ["Keys" now realizes that the aliens are returning for E.T. This is his
dialog: "crisis" information, that spurns him into action.]
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: DAY
text: The van continues down the road, still pulling the plastic tunnel behind
text: it. The two men have almost made it to the back of the van as Elliott pulls
text: out the final stake. He tosses it to one of the men. When Mike turns a
text: sharp corner the plastic tunnel disconnects, leaving the two men behind.
dialog: [They have overcome their immediate obstacle. Humor is generated when
text: Elliott tosses the nail to one of the men, because it is the reversal of a
text: life saving situation. Instead of catching something (like a rope) that
text: will save him, he catches the object that is his undoing.]
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: DAY
text: A convoy of police cars drive up a street.
text: [The chase is still on. Even though one obstacle has been overcome, the
text: antagonist brings more formidable forces into the fight. The protagonist is
dialog: still in jeopardy.]
scene_heading: EXT: PARK: DAY
text: The white van drives up over the sidewalk and into the park. It swerves
text: between the children's rides, then finally stops. Smoke pours out of the
text: van, whose back two doors are still open.
dialog: [They have reached their sub-objective: the park where they are to meet up
text: with Mike's friends and continue on their bikes.]
text: Mike's friends wait on their bikes. Between them they also have bikes for
text: Elliott and Mike. E.T. is revealed to the boys. He stands among the smoke
text: from the dry-ice with his red-heart light flashing. "Okay, he's a man from
text: outer space and we're taking him to his spaceship," says Elliott, now
text: dressed in blue pants, white shirt, and red jacket.
text: "Why can't he just beam up?" asks Greg.
dialog: "This is reality, Greg," says Elliott.
dialog: [Of course, the joke is that it isn't reality. It is a fantasy movie with a
dialog: realistic response to a fantastic situation. Right?]
text: [Elliott finally wins the respect and admiration of Mike's friends,
text: something he's desired from his introduction scene when they wouldn't allow
dialog: him to play DUNGEONS &amp; DRAGONS with them.]
scene_heading: EXT: PARK: DAY
text: Mary, along with a crowd of plain clothes police, run towards the van.
text: "Don't shoot, they're only children," screams Mary.
text: [This introduces a life and death jeopardy into the scene. It also
text: characterizes the forces of the antagonist as characters who would shoot
dialog: children.]
text: They reach the back of the van only to find it empty.
scene_heading: EXT: STREET: DAY
text: Elliott and friends ride down the street. E.T., covered with a white
text: blanket, rides in Elliott's basket. Elliott, with the red hood over his
text: head, shouts that they are to ride to the forest.
dialog: [To cloth a character in red is effective in chase scenes. This helps the
text: audience to visually pick out the scenes important character when the pace
text: is fast and the action intense. Spielberg used this technique for Elliot in
text: this scene and for Marion in RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK when she runs through
dialog: the market chased by Arabs.]
text: Cars chase them. Elliott rides up the alley and tells the others to follow
text: him. Police cars encircle them and try to cut them off. The bikers turn off
text: the main road and ride into a dirt field. A tan car with "UNITED STATES
text: GOVERNMENT" written on the driver's door rides parallel to the bikers.
text: Two men ride inside the tan car. One speaks into the car radio saying that
text: they'll get them at the bottom of the hill. The tan car pulls into the base
text: of the hill and stops. One man gets out and starts to climb up the
text: embankment. The bikers almost run him over. They ride over the hood of the
text: car, then continue down the street, now pursued by a blue police car.
text: The bikers cycle down a dirt road of a section of the community that is
text: still under development. E.T., with the white blanket covering his head,
text: sits in the basket of Elliott's bike. A blue car trails them. The bikers
text: decide to split up. Two ride down an embankment. They are followed by
text: another police car. The bikers then escape from their pursuers by riding
text: down steep embankments. The cars cannot follow and must stop on different
text: levels. The bikers unite and ride away.
text: [It seems that the chase is over and they have eluded the antagonist.]
text: The biker's are overjoyed by their victory. One takes off his hat, waves it
text: in the air, and shouts "We've made it!" Suddenly, he quickly ducks to avoid
text: being grabbed by a man. A group of men continue the chase. Several cars
text: pull up ahead and form a blockade in the road.
text: Elliott and E.T. ride forward. Horror grows on Elliott's face as he stares
text: at the enemy in front of him.
text: [This final confrontation between the protagonist (Elliott and E.T.) and
dialog: the antagonist.]
text: The antagonist is explicitly revealed at this moment. On the side panel of
text: a car is a sign stating:
scene_heading: FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
scene_heading: U.S. GOVERNMENT
scene_heading: INTERAGENCY MOTOR POOL
speaker_heading: GSA
text: The shadow of a shotgun covers the sign. Next, two shotguns are raised
dialog: against E.T. and Elliott.
text: Elliott shuts his eyes with fear. There is a closeup of E.T.'s face. With
text: shotguns drawn, government agents gesture for them to stop.
text: [This is the life and death final moment before the climax. The audience
text: has been set up to expect that the government agents would shoot at the
text: protagonist by Mary's comments in the park scene.]
text: Suddenly, E.T. saves the day with his telekinetic powers. He lifts all of
text: the bikers up into the air as they fly above the blockade.
text: [The climax is over E.T. has saved himself and his friends]
text: E.T. then flies the bikers over the housetops, and across the setting sun.
text: Finally they float down onto a path in the forest.
scene_heading: EXT: FOREST: DAY
text: Elliott has reached the landing site. He brushes the leaves away from the
text: turntable of the communication device. A blue-light floods Elliott's face.
text: He looks up into the, along with the other bikers. E.T., with red-heart
text: happily flashing, also gazes into the sky as his spaceship descends.
dialog: "Home," says E.T.
text: The spaceship continues its descent as E.T.'s red-heart flutters. The
text: spaceship finally lands in a golden glowing light.
text: A car pulls into the forest, and Gertie's voice can be heard pointing out
text: the location of the boys. The ramp to the spaceship lowers. Gertie runs up
text: to Mike and E.T. She gives E.T. the plant and says that she just wanted to
text: say goodbye. Michael responds that E.T. doesn't know goodbye.
dialog: "Be good," says E.T.
text: "Yes," says Gertie, as she kisses him on the nose.
text: Mike places his hand on E.T.'s head.
dialog: [This is a basic gesture of trust. The fact that E.T. allows Mike to do
dialog: this indicates that he considers him a friend.]
text: E.T. puts the plant on the ground, as Mary and "Keys" run up to the edge of
text: the site. Mike picks up Gertie and carries her away as Elliott approaches
dialog: E.T.
dialog: "Come," says E.T
text: "Stay," says Elliott.
text: [The two characters that had merged into one protagonist must split apart
dialog: because they now have different primary objectives. E.T. want's to return
dialog: home, and Elliott wants him to remain.]
text: E.T. lifts his finger to his lips and says "ouch."
dialog: [Of course, this indicates the pain he feels in their separation.]
text: Elliott tearfully lifts his finger to his lips and says "ouch."
dialog: [The symmetry of his movements indicate that in some sense, they still are
dialog: one.]
text: E.T. and Elliott hug each other as the are visually surrounded by blue and
text: white lights. Then Elliott and Mary exchange glances as Mike and Gertie
text: stand by and watch. E.T. lifts his finger to Elliott's forehead. It lights
text: up, then he says: "I'll be right here."
text: [The resolution of the dilemma. Though E.T. leaves, he will still remain,
text: perhaps telepathically, or perhaps only within Elliott's thoughts.]
text: "Bye," says Elliott..
text: E.T. picks up the potted plant and carries it up the gangplank. Elliott
text: watches from below as Harvey starts up the plank, then returns to Elliott's
dialog: side.
dialog: [E.T. leaves with what he really came for, a sample of the earth's
text: vegetative life form. But now he has much more in the flowers that will
dialog: serve as a memorial of all that he has experienced with his new friends.]
text: The gangplank lifts up and separates E.T. from Elliott. The ships circular
text: entrance closes. The spaceship lifts off. Elliott watches it float up into
text: the sky. It then speeds away, leaving an orange-blue rainbow behind against
text: the blue-morning sky.
dialog: [Orange and blue were also the colors of E.T.'s makeshift communication
dialog: device as found by Mike in the forest.]
text: Mary watches and laughs with happiness. The other boys also watch, as Mike
text: holds Gertie in his arms. The film ends with a shot of Elliott gazing up
text: into the sky.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
