speaker_heading: “NEAR DARK”
dialog: written by
dialog: Eric Red
dialog: and
dialog: Kathryn Bigelow
speaker_heading: “NEAR DARK”
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: A MOSQUITO alights on a human arm.
text: The stinger injects in the warm flesh.
text: The insectile body becomes full and red as it sucks the blood.
text: The fist of the arm clenches.
text: The forearm muscles tighten.
text: Trapping the stinger.
text: The mosquito struggles to pull its needlike appendage free.
text: The tendons of the arm hold it firm.
dialog: Forcing blood into it.
text: The insect struggles.
text: Blood engorges it, swelling its body.
text: It swells.
dialog: Swells.
text: POPS in a SPRITZ of blood.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Dumb suck.
scene_heading: INT. FLATBED - FORD PICKUP - DUSK
text: CALEB COLTON is stretched out on the beat up, broke down '64
dialog: Ford Pickup.
text: Cowboy boots crossed on the transom.
text: Hat dipped low over his face.
text: He is a strapping young farmboy of 18.
text: Long, dusty, shoulder length hair.
text: An all-American, milkbread, midwestern farm kid.
text: Bored off his ass.
text: He yawns and swings off the back of the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. OKLAHOMA FLATLANDS - DUSK
text: The pickup is a funnel of dust on the thin strip of road.
text: The wide open, bleak emptiness of the fields as far as the eye
dialog: can see.
text: An awesome country sunset spreading out across the sprawling,
text: barren landscape in fingers of red shadows.
scene_heading: EXT. FIX, OKLAHOMA - NIGHT
text: The Ford Pickup drifts into town.
text: Sweeping past a dirty, disheveled metal sign reading, "Welcome
dialog: to Fix, Oklahoma. Pop. 274."
text: Slowing down along the Main street which is a long strip of
text: service road running off the highway.
text: A single gas station.
text: A Pit Stop Burger joint with cars parked outside.
text: A huge granary with tall, stilt silos.
dialog: If you're driving by and you blink, you miss it.
text: The boy in the Pickup cruises into the Pit Stop.
scene_heading: EXT. PIT STOP BURGER JOINT - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Tacky bright orange day glo neon type of place.
text: Couple other FARM KIDS in pickups and jeeps pulled in.
text: Lounging around, smoking cigarettes, swigging beer.
text: The Pickup cuts a curve into the parking space in a shower of
dialog: gravel.
text: Caleb jumps out.
text: Has a casual look around him.
text: Like he wouldn't piss if his pants were on fire.
text: He lights up a Marlboro.
text: Deep heels it up to the window.
text: Leans back on his elbows on the counter.
text: The orange haired WAITRESS behind the window looks irritatedly
text: at the farmboy.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You gonna stand there or you gonna
dialog: order?
text: Caleb speaks over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: If I never see another burger again
dialog: I'll be happy.
text: The waitress shakes her head.
text: The farmboy distractedly eyes the lanky, rangy kids loping up to
dialog: him.
text: One with freckles on his face, LEVON, knocks Caleb's hat off his
dialog: head.
text: Caleb catches his hat and socks the boy in the arm.
speaker_heading: LEVON
dialog: What's eating' you?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Your Mama. Y' oughta keep an eye on
dialog: her, Levon.
speaker_heading: LEVON
dialog: You wish.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Wish I may, wish I might, wish I be
dialog: hundred thousand miles from here
dialog: tonight. Goddamn straight.
speaker_heading: LEVON
dialog: Take off.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Might just.
text: The farmboy's gaze drifts across the street to the...
scene_heading: EXT. TASTY FREEZE - NIGHT
text: Lit blue and white beneath bright fluorescent bulbs.
text: A GIRL turns from the window.
text: An ice cream cone in her hand.
text: A tiny line of the frosty cream dripping down the side of her
dialog: mouth.
text: Caleb stares at the girl.
text: She runs a hand through thick, shiny brown hair, brushing it
text: back off her forehead.
text: Exposing her face.
dialog: Heart shaped.
text: Impossibly pale skin in the fluorescent glow.
text: Wide eyes, a depthless ice blue like a sunny, summer sky.
text: A small mouth out of which a narrow red tongue swipes at the
text: melting cone in her hands.
text: She looks to be in her late teens.
text: A faded cowboy shirt fits snugly across her chest.
text: A pair of Levis meet a dusty pair of black cowboy boots.
text: Those blue eyes lift and light on Caleb's face.
scene_heading: EXT. PIT STOP BURGER JOINT - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: A shiver runs up Caleb's spine.
text: A shiver that feels good.
text: He claps Levon on the shoulder, nodding his head toward the girl
text: at the Tasty Freeze.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm in love.
speaker_heading: LEVON
dialog: I'm dreaming.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Keep dreaming.
text: Caleb pushes away from the counter and walks across the street.
scene_heading: EXT. TASTY FREEZE - NIGHT
text: The fluorescent light catches the girl's eye and blazes as she
text: turns her back.
text: Caleb pulls into position beside her.
text: He hesitates, suddenly loosing his nerve.
text: Then the swagger returns.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Excuse me, but I'm a little lost.
dialog: Could you tell me where the nearest
dialog: Tasty Freeze is? I'm just dyin' for
dialog: a cone.
text: The girl looks around.
text: Caleb's breath catches in his throat.
text: Those ice blue eyes gazing up at him.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Dying?
text: Caleb gazes into that face that lights up the night.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: It's hot out.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: This is cold.
text: Referring to the ice cream cone.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Could I have a bite?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: A bite?
text: Caleb shifts weight from one foot to the other nervously.
dialog: Working hard.
text: Mind scrambling.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I never seen you before. You're not
dialog: from around here are you?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Got a name?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Mae.
text: Caleb swallows.
text: His face turns hot.
text: Mae's eyes skate to his face.
text: And shimmer.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Where you from, Mae?
text: She wipes her mouth with the back of her hand.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Ever hear of Sweetwater?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: That's down in Texas, ain't it?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Who you here with?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Friends.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Boyfriend?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Friends.
text: She looks Caleb in the eyes.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I'm staying out at the trailer park
dialog: near the highway. I need a lift
dialog: home.
text: Caleb looks at her a long moment.
dialog: Looking like he died and went to heaven.
scene_heading: EXT. FORD PICKUP - NIGHT
text: Caleb opens the door for Mae.
text: Helps her up into her seat.
text: Then climbs behind the wheel.
scene_heading: INT. FORD PICKUP - NIGHT
text: The farmboy FIRES up the engine.
text: Steers out onto the road.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: My name's, Caleb.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: That's a nice name.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Y'sure are pretty, but I guess a lot
dialog: of people tell you that.
text: She looks away out the windshield.
dialog: Hard to read.
text: Soon it's just the two of them driving down the dark and
text: deserted highway.
text: He looks at her.
text: His breath sticks in his throat.
text: Mae is unearthly beautiful in the haloish haze of the dashboard
dialog: lights.
text: Her eyes shift to him.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You got a boyfriend?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Sometimes.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What about other times?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: What about them?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Well, I don't have a girlfriend.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Too bad.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: How long you planning to stay around
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Not long.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: But you're not leaving tonight.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You th-
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Shhhhhhhh.
text: They drive in silence for several moments.
text: The reassuring RUMBLE of the ENGINE.
text: The WHIZZ of the TIRES on the blacktop.
text: Outside, the long, far, dark.
text: The two of them together.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Stop the truck.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Sure.
text: He pulls the vehicle to the side of the road.
text: He turns to her.
text: Her icy blue eyes radiating heat.
text: His heart coming out of his chest.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: So...
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Something I want to show you.
text: Her door is all at once open.
text: She is out of the truck.
text: He kills the engine and jumps onto the hard ground.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - NIGHT
text: Mae stands alone.
text: A black silhouette against a blacker horizon.
text: A sky stretching high above her head.
text: Stars like from a shotgun blast.
text: He comes toward her.
text: The WIND whips the clothes around her soft, sultry form.
text: Her eyes shining in the night.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What did you want to show me?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: The night.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: MAE
text: It's dark.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Noticed.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: It's also bright. It'll blind you.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I can't see.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Listen.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm listening.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Do y'hear?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Don't hear nothin'.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Listen again. Do ya hear?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: MAE
text: The night. It's deafening.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Hold your ears.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Listen hard.
text: They are close.
dialog: Face to face.
text: His lips lowering to hers.
text: Her lips moist.
text: Caleb tries to kiss her.
text: Mae moves off.
text: He follows.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Haven't met many girls like you.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: You haven't met any girls like me.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Maybe not.
text: He has a loose, game grin on his face as he walks after the
dialog: girl.
text: She walks with an easy, lazy gait.
text: Plucking a cat's tail from the field.
text: Putting it between her teeth.
text: A sweet smile beneath the pale moonlight.
text: Mae casts a glance over her shoulder at the smitten boy behind
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Look up.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Stars.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: See that one?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: First one I laid eyes on.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: The light you just saw took a billion
dialog: whole years to get from that star
dialog: down here to earth... The light
dialog: that's leaving that star right now,
dialog: it'll be here a billion years from
dialog: now...
text: She spins on her heel.
text: Fixes his face in her own.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Want to know why you never met a girl
dialog: like me before?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Yeah.
text: She casts a glance up at the stars.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: ...I'll be around to see that light
dialog: when it comes down to earth a billion
dialog: years from now.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Sounds like fun.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'd like to be there, too.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: who knows?
text: She turns and heads back toward the Ford Pickup.
text: He catches her stride.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Sure haven't met anyone like you
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Sure haven't.
text: They climb in.
text: They take off.
text: The night is just as dark as it was before.
dialog: Maybe darker.
scene_heading: INT. FORD PICKUP - NIGHT
text: Caleb leans back in his seat, raising his right arm to Mae's
dialog: shoulder.
text: Extending his fingers, he ruffles her hair.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: In any hurry to get home?
text: The truck drives on.
text: Mae lifts thoses shimmering eyes to his face.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I never hurry.
text: Caleb smiles and shakes his head, somehow now believing.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: ...You want to listen to the radio?
dialog: 11
text: His fingers twirl a ribbon of her hair.
text: He gives the knob a flick.
text: The speakers vibrate.
text: The Pickup speeds on into the night.
text: The lonesome road stretching into the horizon.
text: The RADIO playing.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: The road forks.
text: The truck veers to the right.
scene_heading: INT. FORD PICKUP - NIGHT
text: Mae turns to Caleb.
text: The paleness of her skin almost luminescent.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Where're we going?
text: Caleb's eyes sparkle.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You'll see.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I don't like surprises.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You'll like this one.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Not what.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: who?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You'll see.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I'm not sure I'm going to like this.
text: A smile in her eyes.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm sure.
dialog: 12
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - NIGHT
text: The Pickup barrels around a junction of the highway.
text: Funneling a cloud of dust onto a narrow dirt road.
text: RATTLING a broken down mailbox sitting atop a short post.
text: The farm sleeping still and dark.
scene_heading: INT. FORD PICKUP - NIGHT
text: Caleb steers past the house.
text: Braking in a shower of dust in front of the pasture behind the
dialog: barn.
text: He kills the engine.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: We're here.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Where's here?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: C'mon.
text: He swings the door open.
scene_heading: EXT. PASTURE - COLTON FARM - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Caleb races around the truck, cracking open Mae's door.
text: He extends his hand as she hops out.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Close your eyes, take hold of my
dialog: hand. You're going to meet my best
dialog: friend.
text: She tugs his hand.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I don't want to be with other people.
dialog: I want to be with you tonight.
text: He gives her hand a gentle pull.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: It's not a person. Close your eyes.
dialog: She does.
text: Letting herself be led out of the vehicle.
text: He leads her blind back through a maze of fences out in the
dialog: pasture.
dialog: 13
scene_heading: EXT. HORSE PEN - NIGHT
text: In its pen, DIESEL, a massive black quarterhorse pricks up his
dialog: ears.
text: Turning wide, dark eyes on Caleb and Mae.
text: Caleb gets behind Mae and puts his hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Now I don't want you opening your
dialog: eyes.
text: He puts his other hand over her eyes.
text: A big smile on his face as he edges her forward.
text: Suddenly the horse backs so abruptly it almost trips.
text: Eyes wild with fear.
text: The two people just stand there.
text: The farmboy pulls his hand away from the girl's eyes.
text: He walks up to the pen.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Diesel, what the hell is wrong with
dialog: you?
text: Mae opens her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Horses don't like me.
text: Caleb takes a rope and slings it over Diesel's head.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: They just don't.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Come on boy.
text: He gives the rope a tug.
text: Diesel rears back, lifting his chest, front hooves pawing the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: He's just acting up. He'll like you.
dialog: Just watch.
text: He vaults the fence.
text: Diesel shies.
text: Caleb tries to shush it.
text: The horse shakes its head back and forth, scared out of its
dialog: skin.
dialog: 14
text: Bewildered, the farmboy lifts the rope over its head.
text: The horse pivots on its back feet, tearing off.
text: Caleb heads back toward Mae.
text: Climbing back over the fence and standing beside her.
text: Her watching him with uncannily even eyes.
text: Smiling elusively to herself, she turns her back to him.
text: Moving off with an easy gait past the other pens.
text: Inside the fences, there is a SCURRYING of animals.
text: A sudden RUSTLING in the nearby tundra of the prairie.
text: Caleb scans the landscape, sets his eyes on Mae, then shakes his
text: head and shrugs.
text: Mae is sauntering away, her back to him, running her finger
text: along the fence posts.
text: The farmboy swings the lasso lariet style over his head.
text: Letting the loop fall over the girl's shoulders.
text: She looks over her shoulder at him.
text: Her eyes cool.
text: He smiles.
text: Starts reeling her in.
dialog: She backs.
text: A smile slipping across her face.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You're pretty strong.
text: He gives the rope another tug.
text: Moving her closer.
text: The moon shines bright and high overhead.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Stronger than you.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Show me.
text: She pulls back.
text: Pulling him to her.
text: He gives a gentle tug.
text: She comes within reach.
text: Then twists back.
text: A game of give and take.
text: He comes forward.
text: Gathering up the rope in his hands.
text: Their eyes wedded.
text: She is just in front of him now.
text: He gives one last tug on the line.
text: Drawing her in.
text: His face drifting toward hers.
text: Letting his lips brush over hers and stops.
text: Her eyes close.
text: His hands fold around her back.
text: A cloud passes over the moon.
dialog: 15
text: A shadow crosses their faces.
text: Her soft, moist lips slide over his mouth.
text: Nuzzling down the side of his neck.
text: He lifts closed eyes to the sky.
text: Her breath warm on his skin.
text: His skin trembling with the touch.
text: Her lips start to draw back.
text: She jerks her head back, struggling with her instinct.
text: Lifting her arms, yanking the rope off her shoulders.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What's wrong?
text: Mae hugs her arms.
text: Her eyes holding his.
text: Time standing still.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMLANDS - PRE-DAWN
text: Horizon lightening.
dialog: Just a tad.
scene_heading: EXT. FENCE - COLTON FARM - PRE-DAWN
dialog: 
text: A Rooster throws back its combed head and COCK-A-DOODLE-DOOS.
scene_heading: EXT. HORSE PEN - COLTON FARM - PRE-DAWN
dialog: 
text: Mae's ears perk at the rooster crow.
text: Her icy blue eyes skate up to the sky.
text: Her face focuses on Caleb's in alarm.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: What time is it?
text: Caleb shrugs his shoulders.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What time you gotta be home?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Before dawn.
speaker_heading: CALEB
text: Dawn's a ways off.
text: Mae spins on her heel.
text: Heads off for the truck.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Take me home, Caleb.
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Huh?
text: He trots after her.
text: Lays a hand on her shoulder.
text: Stopping her movement.
text: Turning her around.
text: Her eyes blaze into his face.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What's the rush, Mae?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I have to go.
text: She breaks free.
dialog: Keeps walking.
text: Reaching the truck, she opens her door.
text: His eyes search hers as she climbs into the seat.
dialog: Reading nothing.
text: He closes her door.
text: Resting his elbows on the open windowframe.
text: He starts to speak, she cuts him off.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Hurry, Caleb. Hurry.
text: He gazes into those eyes for a fleeting moment, then moves
text: around to the driver's side and swings onto the seat.
scene_heading: INT. FORD PICKUP - PRE-DAWN
text: Caleb puts his hand on the keys in the ignition.
text: Giving her a good, hard look.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I don't know what's goin' on, Mae.
text: She flits a peek out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. PASTURE - COLTON FARM - PRE-DAWN
dialog: 
text: The truck sits unshielded beneath the big sky becoming light
dialog: grey.
scene_heading: INT. FORD PICKUP - PRE-DAWN
text: Mae shoots a scared glance at Caleb.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Let's go.
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: We're going.
text: The farmboy TURNS over the ENGINE.
text: Upset, he shoves the stick into gear.
text: Swinging the truck around.
text: Stepping on the gas, he takes them out of there.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Hope I didn't forget my manners or
dialog: nothin'.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: That's not it.
text: She casts a glance up out the windshield.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Move.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Yes, Ma'am.
text: His brow furrows in confusion.
text: He swings the steering wheel hand over hand.
text: Driving out onto the road.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - PRE-DAWN
text: The truck burns down the tarmac toward the brightening horizon.
scene_heading: INT. FORD PICKUP - PRE-DAWN
text: Caleb keeps his hands on the wheel.
text: Staring straight out the windshield.
dialog: Hurt.
text: Mae sits rigidly beside him.
text: Perspiration like dew drops on her porcelain skin.
text: Real fear in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Faster.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I got her floored.
speaker_heading: MAE
text: It's only a few more miles.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Might even get there, you never know.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I didn't notice the time.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What's got you so worried?
text: Mae's eyes never leave the windshield.
text: She answers him with silence.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: C'mon, what is it? Your old man
dialog: gonna whip your butt or somethin'?
dialog: I'll tell him the car broke down.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Just get me home.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Maybe I will...
text: He puts his foot on the brake.
text: A playful gleam in his eye.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - PRE-DAWN
text: The truck pulls to a halt.
text: Sunrise a matter of moments.
scene_heading: INT. FORD PICKUP - PRE-DAWN
text: Caleb yanks the keys out the ignition.
text: Sticks them down his shirt.
text: Sits back and crosses his arms.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: ...But you have to kiss me first.
text: Anxiety squirms her pretty face.
text: She reaches over and tries to pull the keys from inside his
dialog: shirt.
text: Her hands all over his chest.
text: He grabs her by the wrist.
text: Tugs her to him.
text: Grinning boyishly ear to ear.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You got the idea.
text: She struggles.
text: He kisses her full on the lips.
text: Mae shuts her eyes.
text: Surrendering to something spasming inside her.
dialog: 19
text: Her mouth moves to his neck.
text: Her lips pull back.
text: Her teeth fasten onto his neck.
text: Caleb cries out.
text: Tries to push her off.
text: She holds him firm by the shoulders in an iron grip.
text: Tears explode out of her eyes.
text: She rips her blood moistened lips from his neck.
text: Shearing herself away from him.
text: Plunging out the door of the truck.
dialog: Headfirst.
text: Caleb remains in the seat.
text: Rubbing his throat.
text: Fingering the pinprick of a wound.
text: Surprised and astonished, he jumps out of the parked vehicle.
text: Chasing after the panic-stricken girl scrambling away.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - PRE-DAWN
text: The girl is running as fast as her feet will carry her.
text: Her eyes wide and wild.
text: A dribble of blood dappling her white lips.
text: The farmboy is racing after her.
text: She moves with a speed that is leaving him rapidly in her wake.
text: The sky is becoming very bright indeed.
text: Mae stops in her tracks and squints ahead.
text: Up the road, fast approaching.
text: A ballooning cloud of dust.
text: A low to the ground funnel of dirt.
text: Caleb watches as the girl runs toward it, flagging her arms.
text: A vehicle inside the little twister SLAMS on its BRAKES.
text: Mae jumps inside the dirty haze.
text: The dust cloud swerves in a SCREECHING TIRE arc on the roadway,
text: speeding back up the road.
text: The sun about to crack the edge of the world.
text: A faint wreath of smoke in the air where the girl last stood.
text: Caleb slows to a sprint.
text: Then a walk.
text: He stops and stands.
text: Watching the dust disintigrate up the road.
text: He scratches his head.
text: Touches the strange wound on his throat.
text: He regards the red wetness on his fingers.
speaker_heading: CALEB
text: Some kiss.
text: He shrugs and hikes back to his truck.
text: Hops into the cab.
dialog: 20
scene_heading: INT. FORD PICKUP - PRE-DAWN
text: Caleb turns the keys in the ignition.
scene_heading: WHINNNEEEEE.
scene_heading: WHINNNNNNNNEEEE.
scene_heading: WHINNEEEEE.
text: He checks out the gas gauge.
dialog: Empty.
text: He punches the dashboard.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Shit.
text: He jumps out of the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - PRE-DAWN
text: Caleb crosses the blacktop.
text: Leaving the truck on the side of the road.
text: Hiking into the dry fields.
text: His house a small speck on the field far away.
text: He heads toward it.
text: The sun near up.
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - PRE-DAWN
text: LOY and SARAH COLTON have come outside to start their day.
text: The father is a man in his middle years, with weathered skin and
text: white hair on a face and body worn by a life on the land.
text: He is holding his six year old daughter in his arms.
text: Golden hair on a pretty, pug nosed face.
text: Loy is holding a cup of coffee.
text: Sippng it as he looks out on the morning lands with his baby
dialog: girl.
text: Sky brightening.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - PRE-DAWN
text: The edge of the world turns white.
text: Caleb clomps through the field.
text: Squinting ahead to see the small shape of the farmhouse, .
text: The specks of two people standing out front.
text: Home a half mile away.
text: The boy trudges toward it.
text: The world brightening around him.
text: He hugs himself.
text: The light making his skin sore.
text: The sun crests the rim of the planet.
text: Spreading an infinite wall of light across the big country.
text: A wave of sharp sunlight splashing over the running boy.
text: He lets out a cry of pain.
dialog: 21
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - DAWN
text: Loy Colton squints out into the lands.
text: Sees the stick figure way out there.
text: Sarah stretches her teeny arm and points.
text: Jumps up and down.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Lookit, Daddy. Caleb.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Hey, Caleb!
text: The father waves at his son.
text: The sister stands by his side.
text: The two of them framed picture pretty in front of the house.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAWN
text: Caleb squirms in agony.
text: Staggering across the fields.
text: Blisters and burn marks scorching on his skin.
text: The sun roasting his flesh.
text: Searing his face and hair.
text: He runs drunkenly.
text: His arms stretched out.
text: His hands reaching for the two of his family members.
dialog: And his house.
text: Like a pastoral postcard of home a quarter of a mile away.
text: Smoke rises from his fingers.
text: His skin stinging.
text: His whole body burning up in the abruptly scarifying light of
dialog: day.
text: He screams his lungs out.
text: His arms covering his face.
dialog: Sizzling.
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - DAWN
text: Loy stops waving.
text: His face falls.
text: Sarah snags his shirt sleeve.
text: Alarmed.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Is something wrong with Caleb?
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: I'm not sure.
text: They squint into the distance.
text: Past the stumbling, smoking stick figure of Caleb.
dialog: 22
text: Just past him.
text: Dust rising.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAWN
text: Tears stream down Caleb's cheeks.
text: His smouldering, raw hands outstretched.
text: Snatching, clenching for the too far figures of his father and
dialog: his sister.
text: Fighting his way past the warring wall of the sun.
text: His feet becoming harder and harder to move.
text: Fighting a losing battle against the agonizing scorch of
dialog: daylight.
text: The SOUND of an AUTOMOTIVE ENGINE behind him.
text: He looks desperately over his shoulder.
text: A balloon of dirt.
text: A pale, ghostly cream colored Winnegabo is bearing down on him.
text: Almost upon him.
text: He knows it is useless to resist.
text: He surrenders, his eyes rolling up into their sockets.
text: His legs giving out from under him.
text: Knees buckling.
text: The recreational vehicle lumbers by.
text: It's side door swinging open.
text: Three sets of hands clamping around Caleb's limp body as he
dialog: drops.
text: Heaving the door shut.
text: Speeding off.
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - DAWN
text: Loy and Sarach are thunderstruck.
text: They see the Winnebago hang a sharp right in an explosion of
dialog: dirt.
text: Greyhounding it for the strip of two-lane blacktop a quarter of
text: a mile away.
text: Caleb being stolen away within.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Caleb!
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Sarah, you stay here.
text: Loy charges as fast as his aging feet will carry him across the
dialog: farm.
text: Around the side of the barn.
text: Screeching to a halt in front of a Chevy Pickup.
text: The Truck is up on a jack, its tire off.
text: The father is white in the face.
text: Sarah is standing beside him with her eyes as big as saucers.
text: Watching the thin trail of dust disappear down the road.
dialog: 23
text: The father picks up his daughter.
text: She hugs him, sobbing.
text: A steeliness appears behind his eyes as he looks out at the
dialog: road.
text: The two of them stand small and alone on the farm.
text: Surrounded by the huge Oklahoma landscape.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - DAWN
text: The sun is a twisted green ball through the glass windshield.
text: It's deadly rays leaking inside.
text: Caleb twists a groggy face upward, lifting his lids.
text: To see the sharp bladed rowel of a shining silver spur stuck
text: against his throat.
text: It is connected to a boot.
text: Attached to a steamshovel of a leg in black jeans.
text: Part of the body of a stapping sinewy man with a mean, skullish
text: face and eyes like dead meat.
scene_heading: SEVEREN VAN SICKLE.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Howdy .
text: He puts pressure on the spur, pricking flesh.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: ...I'm gonna separate your head from
dialog: yer shoulders. Hope ya don't
dialog: mindnone.
text: Caleb gags.
text: A snarl from somebody beneath a blanket behind the wheel.
text: Severen grunts and reluctantly looses the pressure on the spur a
dialog: bit.
text: Mae heaves a blanket over Caleb who isn't moving a single
dialog: solitary muscle.
text: His eyes jump to the driver, who is speeding the Winnebago at a
dialog: flat-out 100.
text: JESSE HOOKER's head swivels over his shoulder, deeply hooded by
text: a blanket and eyes covered by very black welding glasses.
text: A guantly handsome man with a face like the flip side of a
text: nickel and a long mane of hair the color of burnished pewter.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You fucked us up but good, Mae.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: It was kinda an accident.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: This was sloppy, Mae, real sloppy.
dialog: 24
text: Severen indents the sharp rowel of the spur in Caleb's throat.
text: The farmboy is scared beyond belief.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Let me do it, Jesse, let me tap dance
dialog: on it, woncha Jess? It'll be so
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Do it fast.
text: In the seat beside Jesse, another head rises.
text: The blanket parting to reveal a face to put a country boy in his
dialog: place.
text: A head of metallic blonde hair over chiseled features as if from
dialog: marble.
text: Her full, bloodless lips widen in a silky smile.
text: Her eyes, an intoxicating lethal lure.
text: DIAMONDBACK's studded denim and fringe jacket glints like snake
text: eyes in the dark.
text: She whips out her wrist and a pearl handled blade pops into her
dialog: hand.
text: She readies to use it.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: Let the good times roll.
text: Mae grabs her arm.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: No!!!
text: Caleb's eyes are wide and wild.
text: Severen draws his leg back, poising his spur.
text: The Winnebago hurtles at hi-speed.
text: The farmboy tries to make a move.
speaker_heading: CLINK.
speaker_heading: CHINK.
text: Handcuffs are thrown about his wrist and a bolt on the door.
text: He's caught tight.
text: His eyes find a .38 special aimed point blank in his face.
text: Held in a two hand grip by a seven year old boy.
text: Crouched in a corner.
text: A tiny face pinched, hair clipped in a crewcut.
text: His clothes probably procured at the Salvation Army.
speaker_heading: HOMER.
text: He eases back the hammer.
text: Snaps his eyes possessively to Mae.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: Him?
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: No!
dialog: Spur.
dialog: Knife.
dialog: Handcuff.
dialog: .38.
dialog: Nuts.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?!!!!
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Ain't what's goin' on, son. It's
dialog: what's coming off. Your face. Clean
dialog: off.
text: Severen's face splits with a smile like a cut neck.
text: Slashing out with his spur for Caleb's throat to lay it wide
dialog: open.
text: Mae suddenly puts her face in front of the farmboy's.
text: The Savage One stops his spur an inch from her pretty pale
dialog: throat.
text: She holds his gaze.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Might as well kill me.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: How you figure that?
text: Mae yanks Caleb's head aside, displaying the red ringed teeth
text: marks in his neck.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: He's been bit but he ain't been bled.
dialog: That sinks in.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: ...He's turned by now.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Aw shit, Jess. If he's turned...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ...He comes with us.
text: Caleb is perfectly still.
text: His eyes the only part of his body that moves.
text: Back and forth, back and forth.
dialog: Nobody talks.
dialog: 26
dialog: Nobody moves.
text: Black nervous looks all around.
text: The vehicle drives on.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED GAS STATION - DAWN
text: The pale Winnebago takes a sharp right and grinds to a stop well
text: within the darkened innards of a derelict, deserted garage.
text: A lightless chamber.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - DAWN
text: Jesse and Diamondback pop back the front seats into almost
dialog: horizontal positions.
dialog: Ready themselves for sleep.
text: Severen unhinges the bunks on the walls of the van.
text: He climbs into the top, WHIZZING a spur in Caleb's direction.
text: Homer shoves up into the one beneath.
text: Casting a grim eye on the farmboy as he pulls the blanket up
text: over his head.
text: Mae rests a hand gently on the boy's shoulder.
text: He gazes up into her eyes.
text: Suddenly very tired.
text: Heavily weighted but somehow floating at the same time.
text: He fights to keep his eyes open.
dialog: They shut.
text: Mae covers both their bodies with the blanket.
text: Sleep steals her too.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - COLTON FARM - DAY
text: Sun burning hot and bright on a sign reading, "Loy Colton,
dialog: Veterinarian."
text: A POLICE CAR sitting in front of the farmhouse.
text: Down in the field Loy cradles Sarah in his arms and gazes
text: straight into SHERIFF EAKERS face.
text: The Sheriff tucks a couple of thumbs in the belt around his
dialog: landslide girth.
text: Tilting an eye.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF EAKERS
dialog: Kidnapped..? C'mon, Loy, your boy's
dialog: eighteen. Might be he figured to
dialog: take himself some time on his own. I
dialog: see it all the day.
text: Sarah sniffles.
text: Loy looks down to the ground and the fresh tire marks in the raw
dialog: earth.
text: Shaking his head.
text: Eakers glances down at the marks dismissively.
text: Shifting his weight from one foot to the other.
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: SHERIFF EAKERS
dialog: By the way, Doc, you mind taking a
dialog: look at my mare? She's all swole up
dialog: on her back, needs a shot maybe.
text: Loy looks at his watch in annoyance.
text: Then stabs the ground with the toe of his boot.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: See these tire marks? That was four
dialog: hours and nine minutes ago. Meanin'
dialog: that if they're out there on the
dialog: highway keepin' at a steady 55 that
dialog: puts 'em clear into the next state by
dialog: now. I wanna know what you boys are
dialog: doin' about that?
text: Sarah digs her face into her stern father's jacket.
text: The Sheriff sighs.
text: The three of them very small on the very big stretch of land.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED GAS STATION - DUSK
text: The sun settles on the decrepit shell of a gas station off a
text: lonesome road.
text: The sky dims.
text: The night begins.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - NIGHT
text: Caleb's eyes blink open.
text: He keeps them almost closed.
dialog: Playing dead.
text: He fingers his burn wounds.
text: They are barely there.
text: Nearly healed.
text: The five silhouettes of the rest in the dashboard lights.
dialog: Huddling.
dialog: Low voices.
text: He listens close.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: ...I'1l look after him.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: You can't Mae! I turned you! I
dialog: taught you!
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I turned him. I'm teachin' him.
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Risky as shit, Jess. He fucks up,
dialog: it's our ass.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: If it's our ass, Mae, it's your ass.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Well...
text: The glint of Jesse's eyes passing around the others.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ...You want to call it a week?
text: Mae holds her breath.
text: Severen spits tobacco.
text: Homer keeps opening and closing the hammer of the gun.
text: Diamondback fingers the rhinestone studs of her frayed blue
text: denim jacket.
text: Jesse clicks his teeth.
text: His eyes snap to Diamondback.
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ...Then it's decided. A week to see
dialog: if we can call him one of us.
text: Caleb blinks.
text: Severen catches it.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Cut the shit. I know you're awake.
dialog: I can smell it.
text: All eyes turn to him.
text: Eyes that can see in the dark.
text: Caleb opens his eyes.
text: Severen gets to his feet.
text: Stands over him.
text: Whips out a straightrazer.
text: The farmboy's stomach tightens.
text: Severen spits on his palm.
text: Smears the saliva over his rough hewn face.
text: Starts shaving himself with the open blade, slicing whiskers.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: ...Amazin' how fast they get dull.
text: The Savage One sticks out his hand.
text: Yanks the farmboy to his feet.
dialog: 29
text: Homer unlatches his handcuff.
text: Caleb rubs his wrist.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: IF I'M SLEEPING SLAP ME CAUSE I WANNA
dialog: WAKE UP!!!!
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Guess what?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I'm Jesse Hooker. I believe you've
dialog: met Mae.
text: Caleb hears a sound which makes him turn his head fast.
scene_heading: ZZ2Z2ZZZ222ZZZ722zzzzZaaaaawww .
scene_heading: AZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZAAAAWWWWWWWZZZZZ ..
text: Severen FILING his teeth with a metal tool.
text: Sharpening them.
text: Winking at the farmboy.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Severen Van Sickle's the name.
text: Diamondback flexes her wrist.
text: Shooting her pearl handled blade out of her cuff and into her
dialog: hand.
text: She flexes her wrist.
text: The blade drops back in her jacket.
text: She flexes her wrist again.
text: Blade in hand.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: Diamondback.
text: Caleb is looking at her.
text: A teeny hand grabs him by the nuts.
text: Clenches hard.
text: He groans.
text: Falls to his knees.
text: Eye level with Homer.
text: Who puts his little face fiercely against Caleb's.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: I'm Homer. That's H-O-M-E-R.
dialog: Mispronounce it once and I wouldn't
dialog: want to be you.
dialog: 30
text: Mae takes the stunned, speechless Caleb and sits him down ona
text: seat in the back.
text: He starts to say something.
text: She puts her finger to his lip.
text: The Silvered One turns over the ignition.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED GAS STATION - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The Winnebago rides out of the gutted garage.
scene_heading: EXT. USED CAR LOT - NIGHT
text: The Winnebago slows to a stop in front of the lot.
scene_heading: EXT. USED CAR LOT - NIGHT
text: Severen moves silently through the rows of vehicles in the
text: safety of shadow with a well practised ease.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-LAND HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The Winnebago streaks through the night.
text: A light green TRAVELALL on its tail.
text: Small towns come and go.
text: Giving way to dust covered plains stretching to the horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. BARREN FIELDS - NIGHT
text: The Winnebago has been torched.
text: It is a smouldering skeleton of flickering flames.
text: The red taillights of the Travelall racing toward the road.
text: Shrinking from view.
scene_heading: EXT. KANSAS/OKLAHOMA BORDER - ROAD - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The Travelall speeds across the state line.
scene_heading: EXT. HOPE, KANSAS - NIGHT
text: The Travelall weaves through the streets of the small city.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING STRUCTURE - HOPE, KANSAS - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The Travelall pulls into the parking structure.
text: Zooming through the cement catacombs.
text: Swerving into a parking spot.
text: Shutting its engine.
text: All doors pop open.
text: They all climb out.
dialog: And stretch their legs.
text: Jesse turns a grey eye on the farmboy.
text: A faint grin wrinkles across that epic face.
text: Caleb swallows.
dialog: 31
text: Mae comes up beside him.
text: Weaving her fingers through his hand.
text: The farmboy watches as the others take off into the night.
text: Each heading in separate directions.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: Caleb and Mae walk along the empty, lonely street beneath the
text: yellowish glow of the mercury vapor light.
text: City lights glisten up ahead.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Where're we going?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I'll show you.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: There.
text: She nods toward the city in front of her.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I'll show you.
text: His eyes dim.
text: A nausea welling up inside him.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I don't feel too well.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I know.
text: He looks at her.
text: Probing inside those ice blue eyes.
text: Then down at himself.
text: The burns on his arms healed.
text: His clothes singed.
text: Another wave of nausea.
text: It makes him want to scream.
text: He stops in his tracks.
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Look, Mae, you got to understand.
dialog: I'm gettin' outa here. I'm going to
dialog: the nearest bus station and takin'
text: the next one back home.
text: He takes a step toward the girl.
text: Holding her by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I know you tried to help me. But I
dialog: got to get home.
text: Touching a finger to her cheek.
text: He turns his back.
text: Taking off down the street.
text: A knowing passes behind the girl's eye.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Caleb, you won't get very far.
text: From halfway down the street he looks back.
text: Hurt, anger and fear streaking his face.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: We'll see.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: You know where I'll be.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Be seeing you.
text: Quietly.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Before long.
text: Caleb lifts a hand in a slight wave.
text: Casting a last look at the girl.
text: And her melting gaze.
text: Then he is gone.
text: The night moves on.
text: Mae stands still.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STATION - NIGHT
text: The depot in the middle of nowhere on the empty streets of the
text: small midwestern town.
text: Caleb shambles along the sidewalk toward it.
text: Pushing through the double glass doors.
dialog: 33
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - BUS STATION - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The farmboy walks up to the ticket counter.
text: The TICKETER doesn't give him a second glance.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Um, excuse me...
text: The man turns, not eyeing the worse for wear boy any differently
dialog: than he would any of the other wierdos up and around at that
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: ...I'd like to know if you got any
dialog: buses going through Fix, Oklahoma
dialog: round about now?
text: The Ticketer just stares.
speaker_heading: TICKETER
dialog: Where the hell is Fix?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Well, nearest city is Lawton.
text: The man nods.
speaker_heading: TICKETER
dialog: Gate 12. Fifteen minutes. 14
dialog: dollars.
text: Caleb opens his wallet and counts.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I got 11 dollars.
text: The Ticketer pulls the ticket back, bored.
speaker_heading: TICKETER
dialog: I got a bus ticket for 14.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I gotta get home. Gimme a break
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: TICKETER
dialog: You're three bucks shy.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: How ‘bout it.
text: The farmboy exhales as the salesperson goes back to watching a
dialog: portable television.
dialog: 34
text: His shoulders slumped, Caleb walks past the rows of plastic
text: seats with the pay televisions on the armrests.
text: Almost all empty.
text: He spies a man in a rumpled suit sitting across the room.
text: Looking at him laconically.
text: The boy goes over.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Scuse me, Sir...
text: The man looks up.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: ...I'm trying to get home and I'm
dialog: three dollars short for the ticket.
dialog: I was wondering if you had-
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I have this.
text: He reaches into his jacket for his wallet.
text: Pulls it out.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Thanks.
text: The wallet is flipped open.
text: A badge in it.
text: The PLAINCLOTHES COP puts his hand on the farmboy's shoulder.
text: The hand has a bandage.
text: The bandage has blood on it.
dialog: Fresh.
speaker_heading: PLAINCLOTHES COP
dialog: Come this way, please.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What's the problem?
speaker_heading: PLAINCLOTHES COP
dialog: You.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - BUS STATION - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The boy is walked into the shadowy locker area by the
text: Plainclothes Police Officer.
speaker_heading: PLAINCLOTHES COP
dialog: You're not lookin' too good, kid.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm not feeling too good.
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: PLAINCLOTHES COP
dialog: What're you on?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You wouldn't believe me if I told
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PLAINCLOTHES COP
dialog: Let me see your eyes.
text: He puts his hand on Caleb's face.
text: Squints into the boy's eyes.
dialog: Which are perfectly clear.
text: The blood on the small bandage near Caleb's nose.
text: Nostrils flare.
text: His nausea clearing for an instant.
text: The cop fingers the dark stain on the collar of the farmboy's
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: PLAINCLOTHES COP
dialog: You got blood on you.
text: Caleb turns his neck to the man.
text: Exposing the small puncture wound.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I got cut...
dialog: The sickness returning.
text: The farmboy close to tears.
text: The cop looks him in the eyes with some compassion.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: ...I only have 11 dollars and I need
dialog: three more or I'm never gonna be able
dialog: to get back home.
text: The policeman thinks for a moment.
text: Then takes out his wallet.
dialog: Gives the boy three dollars.
speaker_heading: PLAINCLOTHES COP
dialog: Get home an' be a good boy.
text: Caleb smiles a bright boyish smile.
text: The plainclothes cop pats him on the shoulder.
text: The farmboy moves off.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY LIMITS - NIGHT
text: The long silvery bus streaks down the highway.
text: A half moon watches from way on high.
dialog: 36
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: Caleb is curled up in the backseat.
text: Buckled in pain.
text: His face smeared with sweat.
text: Clenching his stomach.
text: His veins and arteries screaming out for sustenance.
text: His eyes peer over the edge of the window sill.
text: He sees the parking structure pass by.
text: Jumping to his feet, he rushes down the aisle.
text: Screeching to a sneakered halt behind the Bus Driver.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Stop the bus! I gotta get off!
text: The Bus Driver lifts his face to the sweat soaked farmboy.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
dialog: You get off, you're left.
text: The pain in Caleb's eyes needs no words.
text: The driver downgrades as he swings over to the curb.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS ON THE OUTSKIRTS OF HOPE, KANSAS - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The huge, lumbering vehicle grinds to a stop on the empty
dialog: street.
text: The doors heave open.
text: Caleb climbs down the steps in a crouch.
text: The Bus Driver shakes his head as the doors fold closed.
text: In a cloud of exhaust, the vehicle lurches away.
text: Caleb grabs onto the lamppost for support.
text: He swings his dimming eyes around.
text: Focusing on the parking structure in the near distance.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING STRUCTURE - NIGHT
text: Caleb staggers out of the stairwell.
text: Stumbling toward the light green Travelall.
text: Sitting on the bumper, in bare feet, is Mae.
text: A soft smile crosses his face.
text: Caleb stops in front of her.
text: Losing his balance.
dialog: Weakening.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm dying.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: You're just in time.
dialog: 37
text: In the shadow of the overhand Mae rises to her feet before
dialog: Caleb.
text: Her ice blue eyes fix on his.
text: She lifts her hand to her mouth.
text: Turning a glistening white wrist to her lips.
text: And sinks her teeth into the skin.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Wwha- -?
text: The red liquid runs down her arm as she raises the wrist to
text: Caleb's mouth.
text: Shutting out his voice.
text: Fastening her skin to his face.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Drink.
text: The aroma filling his nostrils.
dialog: Giving him strength.
dialog: The strength giving him pleasure.
text: Seizing him.
text: Like two arms, kidnapping his senses.
text: As his lips look on the gaping wound of her wrist and her blood
text: begins to fill his veins.
text: He clutches her with both hands, rolling the fabric of her
text: blouse into his fists.
text: Hearing the pounding rhythm of her heart.
text: BABUM. . .BABUM. . .BABUMBABUMBABUMBABUMBABUMBABUMBABUM. . . BABUMBABUM
dialog: Getting faster.
text: A kind of frenzy passing behind his eyes.
text: The blood in his own veins running hot.
text: Stimulated.
text: Stirred.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I asked you to listen to the night...
dialog: now listen to me.
scene_heading: BABUM. ..BABUM. ..BABUM. . .BABUM. . .BABUMBABUMBABUMBABUM
text: The roaring in his ears.
text: Smashing her into him.
text: Draining her.
text: Furiously.
text: The blood running like fire inside him.
text: Washing over him in waves of heat.
text: Head reeling.
text: Body spasming.
text: His own heart finding its way to his ears.
text: BABUMBABUMBABUM. . . BABUMBABUM. . .BABUMBABUMBABUMBABUM. . .
text: Both hearts now in syncopated rhythm.
dialog: 38
text: A beating drum.
text: Growing louder and louder.
dialog: It's DEAFENING.
text: The SOUND about to shatter his system.
text: Mae beginning to pull back.
text: He yanks her tighter.
text: She summons the last of her strength.
text: And rips herself free.
text: Caleb's mouth drips with the dark, red liquid.
text: Replenished.
dialog: Restored.
dialog: Remade.
text: Caleb's face flushes and his eyes shine with unhealthy health.
text: Breathing hard.
text: Panting.
text: The new found strength swirling through his body.
text: He reaches for the girl.
text: She pushes his hands away gently.
text: Then presses the wound closed on her wrist.
text: Her eyes soft and knowing.
text: Walking forward, to the edge of the parking structure.
dialog: Looking out.
text: Caleb pulls himself together.
text: A control returning.
text: Standing beside the girl with a kind of gratitude in his eyes.
dialog: She points.
text: Gazing out upon the city on one side and wide expanse of
text: flatlands on the other.
text: All beneath a velvety cloak of blackness.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Look... the night.
text: Caleb blinks.
text: Eyes bright.
dialog: Feeling fine.
dialog: Not sure of what to make of it.
text: He squints around him.
dialog: Never has the night looked as it does.
text: He stares spellbound.
text: A fine layer of lunar luminescence falls from the sky.
text: The city shimmering as never before.
text: The very electrical pulse visible as it travels through thin
dialog: air.
text: He blinks.
text: Turning toward the fields.
text: He can see Owls in the air many miles away.
text: Coyotes on the run across the barren tundra impossibly far off.
text: Fieldmice scuttle.
text: Rabbits skiddadle.
text: Racoons clamber across the brushy flatlands.
dialog: 39
text: Caleb whirls around and around.
text: Giggling.
text: Then laughing.
dialog: Unable to help himself.
text: In love with the newness of the night.
text: He stops.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Now hear it....
text: His head flicks back to the city.
text: Suddenly, VIBRATING with SOUND.
speaker_heading: CAR HORNS.
scene_heading: ELECTRICITY TRAVELING ACROSS WIRES.
text: TICKING OF STREET LIGHTS.
text: HISSING OF GAS LINES.
text: He revolves his head.
dialog: To the fields.
text: He shuts his eyes.
text: Opens his ears.
text: A SYMPHONY of NIGHT SOUNDS sweep in on him.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Come on.
text: She leaps over the small barrier of the parking structure and
text: runs out into the farmlands.
text: Caleb on her heels.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMLANDS - NIGHT
text: Mae and Caleb running deep into the fields.
dialog: Running like never before.
text: Limbs flying effortlessly, galloping like the wind, almost
text: airborne, covering miles in a matter of minutes.
text: Caleb listening.
text: A RUSH of BREEZES and WINDS whipping along the plains.
text: The WALL of INSECTS in the AIR.
text: The SCUTTLING of small animal FEET on the DIRT.
text: The BRUSH of BUSHES swaying in the BREEZE.
text: The CRY of COYOTES.
dialog: Then again.
scene_heading: COYOTES CRY.
speaker_heading: CRY.
speaker_heading: CRY.
speaker_heading: CRY.
text: Caleb throws his head back.
text: Cracks a grin.
text: He lets out a YIPPING CRY himself.
text: Mae's face widens in a smile.
text: Throwing her head back.
text: Letting out a trilling CRY.
dialog: 40
text: The COYOTES yell back.
text: Caleb and Mae see them in a pack, scampering across the land.
text: They run after them.
text: CRYING out, loud as their lungs will allow.
text: A far off TRAIN WHISTLE.
text: The shadow of a big Freight Train on the horizon.
text: The boy and girl's legs propelling them forward with fierce
dialog: speed.
text: Like two steel springs.
text: Their faces flushed with emotion as they catch up with the SIX
text: COYOTES on the run.
text: The strong, tan canines regard their new escorts as a kindred
dialog: spirit.
text: Flashing their dark eyes at them in scraggy acknowledgement.
text: YIPPING at them.
text: Caleb and Mae YIP back.
text: Barreling across the badlands with the running Coyotes.
text: The padding paws.
text: The cowboy boots slapping the ground.
text: Then suddenly catching up with the big Freight Train.
text: The boy and girl running side by side with the double engine
dialog: locomotive.
text: The strange strength powering their limbs to stay abreast.
text: The lowered, brown maned wolfish heads at their heels.
text: The Coyotes YIPPING.
text: The train WHISTLE BLOWING.
text: Caleb and Mae's faces bright and hot blooded.
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - DAWN
text: Daylight twinkles.
scene_heading: INT. LOY'S BEDROOM - FARMHOUSE - DAWN
dialog: 
text: Loy Colton awakens at the top of his lungs.
text: Jackknifing up in bed.
text: He puts his face in his hands.
text: Cries quietly.
text: He peers out the window at the first traces of sunlight through
dialog: the curtains.
text: He looks like he has slept poorly.
text: Loy regards the shape of a small body, an indentation on the
dialog: mattress.
text: His daughter was sleeping beside him, but now she's gone.
text: His brow furrows.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Sarah?
text: Nowhere to be seen.
text: The father gets out of bed.
dialog: 41
text: He has been sleeping in his jeans and shirt.
text: Rumpled and worse for wear, he goes out the door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - FARMHOUSE - DAWN
text: Loy walks down the hall in the morning light.
text: He knows where she is.
scene_heading: INT. CALEB'S ROOM - FARMHOUSE - DAWN
dialog: 
text: The father quietly pushes open the door.
text: Peeks in.
text: Little Sarah asleep on her big brother's bed.
text: Hugging onto his beat up cowboy hat.
text: Loy blinks away a tear.
text: He turns his back and starts to go out.
text: A small voice stops him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Good mornin', Daddy.
text: He comes over to her.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Mornin', Baby.
text: He puts his hand on her tiny hand holding the Stetson.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: You sleep some?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I sleep some. You sleep little?
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Little. Bad dreams.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Me too.
text: She meets his eyes.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ...He needs us.
text: Loy takes Sarah's hand.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: I know.
text: They look at each other.
dialog: 42
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - DAY
text: The Pickup truck is spewing a cloud of dust.
text: Off into the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF'S STATION - FIX, OKLAHOMA - DAY
dialog: 
text: A hole in the wall.
text: A small computer bank on the desk by the telephone.
text: A few wanted posters and postal warrants on the board.
text: Sheriff Eakers shakes his head as he stabs a cigarette out in an
text: ash tray full of butts.
text: He lifts tired eyes to Loy Colton, sitting across the desk.
text: Sarah in her father's lap.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF EAKERS
dialog: It's not much, Loy, but Highway
dialog: Patrol found what might be your
text: Winnebago. Left in some field and
text: torched. Nobody was inside.
dialog: Probably switched cars. Could be
dialog: your boy's fallen in with some
dialog: trouble.
text: Loy speaks in a voice just below his breath.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: What're your boys doing about it?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF EAKERS
dialog: All we can.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: That's not enough.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF EAKERS
dialog: This is pretty commonplace stuff,
dialog: Loy. Your boy is classified as a
dialog: runaway.
text: Sarah pipes up, red in the face.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You don't care about Caleb.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF EAKERS
dialog: That's not true, honey.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Don't call me honey. We don't need
dialog: you police or nothing. Caleb don't
dialog: need you neither. He needs us.
dialog: 43
text: The little girl puts her hands on the table.
text: Leaning over to put her face by the Sheriff's, who is inclined
text: to lean back a bit.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We're gonna go an' get him ourselves.
text: The Sheriff gets up out of his seat.
text: He walks over to the water cooler.
text: Pours himself a cup.
text: Chuckling to himself.
text: His back to them.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF EAKERS
dialog: Loy, you just have to bear with us
dialog: for a bit.
text: He turns around with a sip of water.
text: The chair Loy and Sarah were sitting in.
text: It's empty.
text: He hurries to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF'S STATION - DAY
text: The brown Chevy Pickup is a speck disintegrating in the
dialog: distance.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: The Pickup is down the road like a bolt of lightning.
scene_heading: INT. CAB CHEVY PICKUP - DAY
text: Loy is behind the wheel.
text: His eyes riveted to the road.
text: He puts an arm around Sarah.
text: Brings her to him.
text: Hugs her close.
text: She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: We're going to get our Caleb back
dialog: Sarah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I know we will.
text: She hugs her father's arm.
text: He ruffles her hair.
text: Then reaches under the seat.
speaker_heading: 44
scene_heading: INT. UNDERSIDE OF DRIVER'S SEAT - CAB - CHEVY PICKUP - DAY
dialog: 
text: Loy double checks with his fingers that the .38 Special is
text: securely taped to the bottom of his seat.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: The Pickup passes beneath an overhead sign.
text: Denoting the Interstate and two turn offs.
text: One heading North to Kansas.
text: The other heading South to Texas.
text: The Pickup bears South.
text: The sun lifting high in the sky.
speaker_heading: CALEB (V.0O.)
dialog: Operator, I'd like to reverse charges
dialog: on a long distance call to Oklahoma,
dialog: please...
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - TEXACO TRUCKSTOP - KANSAS - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The night drops.
text: A swelling moon in the rise of the middle of a blackening sky.
text: Caleb lifts a receiver to his ear and dials.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: That's (405) 826-7473. Could you
dialog: make that to Loy Colton from his son,
dialog: please, Ma'am?...
text: He waits while he is connected.
dialog: Waits.
dialog: Waits.
dialog: Waits.
dialog: In vain.
text: His face falls very far.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Thanks, operator.
text: He hangs up.
text: Walks away with his head hung low.
scene_heading: INT. TWO-LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: A long, two lane stretch of blacktop into infinity.
text: Broken white lines beneath the black void of the starless sky.
text: Caleb storms along the roadside.
text: The Texaco Truckstop receding behind him.
text: His tortured, conflicting emotions tearing him apart at the
dialog: seams.
text: He shuts his eyes.
dialog: 45
text: Puts his hands on his ears.
text: Screams.
text: His lungs out.
text: Hastening as fast as he can along the empty night road.
text: A pair of headlights brighten on him.
text: A truck THUNDERS past.
text: The AFTERBLOW sweeping his clothes.
text: It's passing headlights revealing the figure of a girl hurrying
dialog: after him.
text: Mae rushes up the side of the road.
text: Keeping pace with the anxiety-ridden boy.
text: It is just the two of them way below the roof of the night.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I wanted to go home, too.
text: Mae stops and stands.
text: Caleb doesn't walk much further.
text: He turns to face her.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I called, there was no one there. I
dialog: just wanted to call and tell them I
dialog: was alright.
text: He almost laughs or cries.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Am I alright? I don't know. I'm
dialog: scared.
text: Mae comes toward him.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: So was I. But don't be... Feel it.
dialog: Feel what's in you.
text: He meets her eyes.
text: Eyes like fire in the night.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: That's what scares me.
text: She puts her hands softly on his shoulders.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: It'll take time. But you're in my
dialog: hands, you'll be fine.
text: He looks at those hands, then into that face.
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What are we gonna do?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Anything we want.
text: She unveils her pearly whites in a sweet smile full of promise.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: To the end of time.
text: His eyes travel up to the stars.
text: Hers follow his gaze.
text: Their eyes meet in a head on collision.
text: Lips coming together.
text: A truck RAGES past.
text: AFTERBLOW whippping up their clothes and hair.
text: Headlights exploding over them.
dialog: Heat of the moment.
text: The truck's taillights fade.
text: They are alone in the big dark wide open spaces.
text: Their lips part.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: You have to learn to kill.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I don't want to kill.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: You want to die?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I ain't no killer.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Don't think of it as killing. Don't
dialog: think at all. Use your instinct.
text: A Car passes.
text: Headlights flare.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEROAD - NIGHT
text: Bright headlight beams sweep off the side of the road.
text: A MIDDLE-AGED MAN throws his door wide, leaping out.
text: Rushing over to the crumpled little form of Homer, lying on the
dialog: road.
text: He bends down to see how injured he is.
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: MAE (V.O.)
dialog: ...It's just something you do, night
dialog: after night. It's only evera
dialog: question of how...
text: Homer's eyes blink open.
text: He throws his incredibly strong little arms around the man's
dialog: shoulders.
text: Pinning him while he sinks his teeth into the startled
text: passerby's neck.
text: The headlights of the car silhouetting them.
text: Homer has a bicycle laying on the ground nearby.
text: The tires still spinning.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Caleb and Mae walking along the shoulder of the road.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Instinct?
text: His soft brown eyes searching hers.
text: That clear ice blue cutting deep into him.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Instinct.
scene_heading: EXT. ON RAMP TO INTERSTATE - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: A pair of drifting, distant headlights pin Severen standing at
text: the side of the road with his thumb extended.
text: The crisp white shirt over his long, lean muscles, buttoned up
text: to his throat, a string tie with a turquoise clasp at the
dialog: collar.
text: An inviting grin on his face.
text: He runs a palm over his hair to smooth it back.
text: His black eyes gleam.
text: The headlights grow bright and flood his face.
text: His grin widens.
text: As he looks in through the windshield of an approaching dusty
dialog: Black Pickup.
text: Severen nods.
text: The Pickup slows.
text: Kicking up dirt and gravel as it slams into the shoulder of the
dialog: on ramp.
speaker_heading: MAE (V.O.)
dialog: It takes time.
speaker_heading: CALEB (V.O.)
dialog: That we got.
dialog: 48
text: Severen cracks open the door of the Pickup.
speaker_heading: MAE (V.O.)
dialog: Never know, might even get to like
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: "Evenin'.
text: The two blonde, curly haired LADIES smile out at him with
text: adventure in their eyes.
text: The one in the passenger seat slides next to the driver.
text: Her small, whispery voice floats out to the stranger on the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Evenin'.
scene_heading: INT. DUSTY PICKUP _- NIGHT
text: Severen swings onto the smooth plastic upholstery.
text: Slams the door shut.
text: Winds a long arm around the top of the seat
text: He turns a shining smile to his new found friends.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: It would be my pleasure and honor to
dialog: invite you two, sweet, lovely ladies
dialog: for a drink.
scene_heading: EXT. ON RAMP TO INTERSTATE - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The dusty Pickup skates out onto the tarmac.
text: A hot WIND blows.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - U-HAUL TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Jesse gazes out the windshield with cool, even eyes.
text: Diamondback at his side.
text: Her platinum hair gleaming in the glow of the dashboard lights.
text: Equally transfixed by the road rolling under the wheels.
speaker_heading: CALEB (V.O.)
dialog: The night, Mae. I can't take my eyes
dialog: off it.
speaker_heading: MAE (V.O.)
dialog: You can drown in it.
speaker_heading: CALEB (V.O.)
dialog: Iam. I can taste it. It's... It's
dialog: making me shaky.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: MAE (V.O.)
dialog: That's because you have to---
speaker_heading: CALEB (V.O.)
dialog: --Kill.
speaker_heading: MAE (V.O.)
dialog: The night has its price.
text: The Silvered One gives a glance to the Pale One.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I believe this is where I had that
dialog: flat tire. You pulled over.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: There you stood by the side of that
dialog: road, 'n I 'just knew you were
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You was right.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: How many years ago was that?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Disremember, huh? Don't remember the
dialog: date of the night, neither, do you?
text: A sparkle in her eye.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: Jesse.
text: The Silvered One keeps his eyes on the road, but lets go of a
dialog: little smile.
text: She lays her head against his shoulder.
text: They drive on.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Two white cones of light from the approaching U-Haul Truck.
text: A lone HITCHHIKER suddenly illuminated.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - U-HAUL TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Jesse gives a glance to Diamondback.
text: He slows the vehicle.
text: The Semi-Truck comes to a stop beside the Hitchhiker.
text: A tall, thin, stringy haired boy with half a beard and a hollow,
text: bruised face.
text: He waves a ragged smile into the cab.
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: Whichever way you headin'. I'd
dialog: "preciate a lift.
text: Diamondback cracks open the rear door.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: Climb in.
text: He jumps inside.
speaker_heading: CLICK.
text: To the left of Jesse's ear.
text: As a pair of eyes bore down the barrel of a shotgun leveled at
text: Jesse's face.
text: A HIGHWAYMAN behind the trigger.
speaker_heading: HIGHWAYMAN
dialog: Turn off the car.
text: Jesse looks into his face.
text: A stubby grin widens across broken teeth.
speaker_heading: CLICK.
text: The Hitchhiker in the back seat takes the safety off a Colt
dialog: Python.
text: Pressing the cold metal nose against the nape of Diamondback's
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: Hey, mister. My pal here told you to
dialog: turn off the car.
text: Jesse looks calmly over his shoulder.
text: Switches off the ignition.
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: Now, you mind if I dance with your
dialog: wife here? She's a real looker, this
dialog: one.
text: He winds the nose of his gun up Diamondback's neck and into her
text: soft pale hair.
text: Jesse gazes over his shoulder.
text: Diamondback looks him in the face.
text: Smiling calmly.
text: Jesse shifts his gaze to the Hitchhiker.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You're not going to look so good with
dialog: your face ripped off.
text: The Hitchhiker and the Highwayman look at each other in
text: hilarious disbelief. They crack up.
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: HITCHHIKER
dialog: Boy did we get lucky tonight. She is
dialog: beautiful and he is so, so stupid.
text: Jesse chuckles.
text: The RADIO starts to play "STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT," sung by Frank
dialog: Sinatra.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: A Peterbilt Eighteen Wheeler SHUDDERS past.
text: "STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT" leaking out of the cab into the open
dialog: air.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - PETERBILT EIGHTEEN WHEELER - NIGHT
text: Thick, gnarled fingers spin the knob of the RADIO in the
text: dashboard.
text: A small, round CAJUN TRUCKER with long, curly hair gazes over
text: the faces of his two passengers.
text: He has a thick accent when he speaks and his words of English
dialog: are limited.
text: He zeros in on the station again.
text: The Sinatra song bleeding through the scratchy speakers.
text: The Cajun chuckles.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: Sinatra. Good, huh?
text: Mae lifts her pale face to his.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Good.
text: Caleb smiles as the Cajun Trucker brings three bottles of beer
text: out of a bag on the floor by his boots.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: Here. We got Sinatra. We got good,
dialog: solid truck. We got beer to enjoy
dialog: open road.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Great. Thanks.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: Drink up.
text: He hands them both bottles of Bud.
text: They artfully pretend to drink.
text: He doesn't pretend.
text: Mae nudges Caleb in the ribs.
dialog: 52
text: He looks in her face.
dialog: Her eyes say kill.
text: Sympathetically.
dialog: But soon.
text: The Cajun Driver looks at them both and Mae averts her eyes.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: You kids, you run from home?
text: The girl nudges the farmboy.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: That okay by me. Sometimes home is
dialog: bad. Me, I got truck for home. Good
dialog: truck, huh?
text: Caleb chews his lip.
text: He's on the spot.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Some setup you got here. It's a real
dialog: beauty. How do you fly it?
text: The Cajun points to the various gears.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: You drive truck before?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I've driven a semi.
text: The mind is working behind the farmboy's eyes.
text: The girl keeps her eye on him.
text: The Cajun Trucker puts his hand on one of the many shifts.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: Semi, five gears. This, twelve
dialog: gears. You got three go backwards,
dialog: the rest, forward. Smoke?
text: He knocks one up out of the pack.
text: The Cajun Trucker lights it.
text: Caleb grimaces at the idea of having to kill this chummy man.
text: Mae keeps her hand on his hip.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: 53
text: Taking a butt.
text: The Cajun Trucker lights it.
text: Mae smiles, Caleb seems to unwind a bit.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: The rest?
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: Shifting. You know how to shift. Is
dialog: all. Watch.
text: He goes up the gears.
text: Steadily shifting, taking the speedometer up to 130.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Wow.
text: Caleb shuts his eyes.
text: Gathers his courage.
dialog: Speaks.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Can you show me how to brake and stop
dialog: the truck?
text: The stocky man behind the wheel grins enthusiastically.
text: Starting to downshift.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: Now, this is most important thing
dialog: with truck. You got two brakes. You
dialog: get one brake for cab. This. An'
dialog: one brake trailer. An' when you stop
dialog: truck, you always use brake for
dialog: trailer first.
text: He throws that brake as he takes his foot off the gas.
text: The truck starts to slow.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: Then you use brake for cab. Or...
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: or?
text: The truck decelerates onto the road shoulder.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD SHOULDER - TWO LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The Peterbilt glides onto the gravel shoulder.
speaker_heading: 54
scene_heading: INT. CAB - PETERBILT EIGHTEEN WHEELER - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The Cajun turns his face to Caleb.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: You jackknife. Cab stop. Trailer
dialog: hit cab. No more truck. No more
dialog: truck driver.
text: Caleb is looking at the man very oddly.
text: His eyes alarmed and anxious.
text: Now that he has to make his move, he has the shakes.
dialog: The Cajun Trucker is an easygoing guy, but the way this kid
dialog: looks is weird.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: You got a problem?
text: Mae clenches her fingers on Caleb's shoulders, urging him
dialog: forward.
text: The farmboy looks like he's going to puke.
text: He shoves open the passenger door of the cab.
text: Leaps out.
scene_heading: INT. ROAD SHOULDER - TWO LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Caleb jumps down to ground level.
text: Stumbles to his knees in the gravel.
text: Heaving his guts with the gently bobbing oil pumps behind him
text: out in the fields.
text: The Cajun Trucker leaps down and comes up behind the boy.
speaker_heading: CAJUN TRUCKER
dialog: You can't drink and drive, huh boy?
text: Caleb gets to his feet.
text: The stocky man looks him in the face.
text: The farmboy bares his teeth, but it's no good.
dialog: He can't do it.
text: Then he sees her.
dialog: Mae.
text: Hovering up behind the Cajun Trucker's shoulder.
text: She uses her mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAYSIDE FIELDS - NIGHT
text: An oil pump dips and rises.
text: Mae stands before it.
text: A gentle WIND ruffling her dress.
text: Caleb is kneeling at her feet.
text: His lips fastened on her wrist.
dialog: Sucking.
dialog: 55
text: Drinking.
dialog: Sucking.
text: Drinking.
text: The fury almost rocking his body.
text: A rabid fierceness with which he feeds.
text: Mae gently strokes his head.
text: Then nudges him away.
text: He is locked tight.
text: Draining her.
text: Hearts pounding.
text: She pushes with all her might.
text: Rips his lips free.
text: Her glistening eyes on his hungry face.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: You could kill me if you drink too
dialog: much.
text: His upturned eyes gaping at her face.
dialog: Mind spinning.
text: Gulping air.
text: The black night hangs heavy above.
text: Stars dapple the surface.
text: The oil pump keeps rising and falling.
scene_heading: INT. "BOB'S BIG BOY" - WACO, TEXAS - DAY
dialog: 
text: A cloverleaf of freeways through the window.
text: Sarah and Loy are eating breakfast at one of the booths.
text: The little girl clicks open a pen and starts sketching a rough
text: but recognizable picture of her brother on the back of his
dialog: horse.
text: She starts to cry.
text: Loy pushes away his plate of an uneaten hamburger and reaches
text: across the table.
text: He cups her little face in his hands.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Shhh, honey. Come on, let's go make
dialog: a phone call, see if anybody knows
dialog: anything.
text: She sniffles and nods.
scene_heading: INT. PAY PHONE - "BOB'S BIG BOY" - DAY
dialog: 
text: Loy holds Sarah in his arms, the telephone receiver to his ear.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Eakers... Loy Colton here.
dialog: Pause.
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: ...You did? It's a positive make?
text: His face brightens.
text: His little daughter wipes her eyes.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Where was he? Hope, Kansas bus
dialog: station... Cop said he was going
dialog: home...
text: Sarah winds her tiny hands around Loy's neck excitedly.
speaker_heading: LOY (CONT'D)
dialog: ...You check the house?... He shoulda
dialog: been there by now... No, I'm down in
dialog: Waco, Texas. Guess I'm headin' in
dialog: the wrong direction. Think I'll turn
dialog: around, head North... No, you can't
dialog: talk me out of it, Eakers. Just glad
dialog: to know he's still out there. Thanks
dialog: for your help... I'll stay in touch.
text: He hangs up the phone.
text: Sarah wears a big smile on her face as she tightens her arms
text: around her father's neck.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We found him, Daddy?
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Almost.
text: Hope flushes their faces as they head toward the Chevy Pickup.
text: Driving into the hot afternoon sun.
scene_heading: EXT. CHEVY PICKUP - INTERSTATE NORTH - DAY
dialog: 
text: TIRES ZOOMING over the tarmac.
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT TO
text: TRAIN WHEELS RAGING across RAILS.
scene_heading: EXT. UNION PACIFIC TRAIN - KANSAS - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Caleb's head pushed closer and closer to the spark spitting
dialog: wheels.
text: Gritting his teeth, his eyes bulging up into Severen's face.
text: The Savage One's hand in a vice grip around the farmboy's neck
text: forcing him halfway out of the open box car.
text: Sparks hitting Caleb's face.
dialog: 57
text: He struggles beneath the remorseless grip.
text: His strength no match for Severen's.
text: In a ragged snarl Severen heaves the boy back up by the neck.
scene_heading: INT. FREIGHT CAR - UNION PACIFIC TRAIN - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The Savage One throws the farmboy up against the wall, pinning
text: him with that same vice grip around the throat.
dialog: Caleb sucks wind.
text: Looking around him at the semi circle of darkening faces.
text: To the icy blue eyes behind them.
dialog: To Mae.
text: His eyes plead.
text: Hers tremor.
text: She makes a move.
text: Jesse revolves his silver head and gives her a look.
dialog: Not a nice look.
text: She freezes.
text: Caleb stops breathing.
text: The Silvered One moves forward.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: One more night...!
text: Lifting a long slender finger toward the farmboy's face.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Or I'm gonna get my wet dream, boy.
text: Caleb swallows.
text: Homer smacks his lips.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: Why wait, we're gonna do it anyway.
dialog: He ain't one of us, he don't belong!
dialog: Besides...
text: Turning an eye on Mae.
speaker_heading: HOMER (CONT'D)
dialog: ...He's so ugly it makes my gums
dialog: ache.
text: The girl comes forward.
text: Squaring off in front of Jesse.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: He needs more time, Jesse.
text: Those steely eyes shift from the quivering farmboy to Mae.
text: A lip curls back.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I wonder about you, Mae... I
dialog: shouldn't be wondering about you.
text: A shiver runs through her system.
dialog: Point taken.
text: That long slender finger of the Silvered One sweeps back to
dialog: Caleb.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Ain't right for Mae to be carrying
dialog: you, Caleb. Tonight you make a kill.
dialog: How you do it is your business. You
dialog: do it, or you're done.
text: The Savage One takes his hand off the boy's throat.
text: Giving him a look like he can't wait for the boy to screw up.
text: Diamondback slides a harmonica out of her jacket and plays a
text: slow, haunting melody.
text: Then stops.
text: Lifting her hypnotic eyes to the farmboy.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: Done means dead without dying. Means
dialog: you'll be real uncomfortable for a
dialog: long, long time...
text: Her lips return to the small metal instrument.
text: The big rectangle of night rolling by the opening.
text: Caleb moves to the door.
text: Mae suddenly beside him.
text: A match strikes flint nearby.
text: Severen rolling a cigarette between his lips.
text: Then hold on a cluster of lights in the distance.
text: A big ROADHOUSE sitting not far from the tracks.
text: Caleb follows Severen's gaze.
text: And understands the Savage One's scarred face cracking into a
text: smile like a hatchet chop.
scene_heading: EXT. UNION PACIFIC TRAIN - NIGHT
text: The freight hurtles by.
text: A hundred cars long.
text: Six figures leap off.
text: Landing in a heap in the middle of a wheatfield, beneath a
text: rising moon.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Six tall silhouettes approach.
text: A big, squat barn with a neon sign on the window.
dialog: 59
text: A pickup, a tractor trailer, a Dodge Camper, and a chopped down
text: motorcycle parked out front.
dialog: One look at the vehicles and you get a good idea of the
dialog: clientele.
text: Bad Country Music TWANGS out of the bar.
text: The CLINK of pool cues on balls.
text: The six of them stand in the shadows looking at the nailed
text: together roadside bar.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: Let's hit the night in the face.
text: Caleb takes a deep breath.
dialog: They go in.
scene_heading: INT. ROADHOUSE - NIGHT
text: As soon as the six of them walk in, the place stops.
text: A BIKER at the jukebox keeps his quarter.
text: A fat, low to the ground TRUCKER at the bar turns a flattened
text: face over thick shoulders to regard the fresh arrivals with a
text: dull look.
text: A COWBOY TEENAGER lifts his pool cue.
text: The WAITRESS picks some empty glasses off the table in the
dialog: booth.
text: The BARTENDER CLICKS his teeth.
text: A quiet comes over the joint.
text: Severen winks and elbows Caleb in the ribs.
text: Speaking in a voice loud enough for everybody to hear.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Look, shitkickers. I'll be
dialog: Goddamned. C'mon, Caleb. Let's get
dialog: some liquor in us. Maybe they'll
dialog: look a little less stupid when
text: everything's blurry.
text: Caleb gets nervous.
text: He waves friendly to the Biker.
text: With the attitude of a sailor on a sinking ship about to
text: submerge.
text: The Biker doesn't wave back.
text: Mae, Jesse, Diamondback, and Homer slide into the booth.
text: The Silvered One catches the Waitress' eye and gestures for a
dialog: beer.
text: The Savage One and the farmboy belly up to the bar.
text: Severen slams his fist down.
text: Making the surly Trucker spill his drink.
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Bartender, gimmie two glasses of
dialog: whatever shit you shove down these
text: sucker's throats.
text: The Bartender makes a big point of not looking at him.
text: The Trucker looks at him though.
speaker_heading: TRUCKER
dialog: You spilled my drink.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: You've had enough. By the way, were
dialog: you born that ugly or is this your
dialog: mama's idea of a joke?
text: The Trucker does a slow burn.
text: The temperature in the bar steadily rising.
text: The Cowboy Teenager chalks his pool cue with a SQUEAKING chalk
dialog: cube.
text: Severen clears his throat.
text: Caleb starts to leave.
text: The Savage One pulls him back.
text: He picks up the glass of the Trucker.
dialog: Addresses the Bartender.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Give him another.
text: The Bartender pours the Trucker another drink.
text: Severen nudges the Trucker.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, pay the man.
text: The Trucker does a faster burn.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Bartender, that'll be a double shot
dialog: of your very best watered down shit
dialog: over here.
text: He taps the bar.
text: The Bartender stares the two of them in the face.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: There's two ways you can leave this
dialog: establishment. On your feet or on
dialog: your back, asshole.
text: Severen sighs.
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Well, if you're not going to serve me
dialog: a drink...
text: The Savage One picks up the drink of the Trucker.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: ...I'11 just hafta drink his.
text: He throws it back.
text: The Trucker rises to his feet.
dialog: Mad.
text: Severen makes a face.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Ptooooooooeeee.
text: He spits the drink in the Trucker's face.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: ...How can you drink that shit?
text: The Trucker throws a punch.
text: Severen grabs Caleb.
text: Swings him around.
text: The farmboy takes the piledriver punch square in the face.
text: He blinks.
dialog: Unfazed.
dialog: It was like he didn't even feel it.
text: Severen winks at the fuming Trucker.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Do it again. Couple times. I'm
dialog: tryin' to show him somethin'.
text: The Trucker connects two roundhouse blows to the side of Caleb's
dialog: head.
text: A double combination to his belly.
text: The only thing that registers on Caleb's face is surprise at his
text: sudden physical resilience.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Now hit back, Caleb.
text: The Savage One releases the boy's arm.
text: The Trucker pulls his fist back to throw another.
text: Caleb strikes out in alarm.
text: His fist bulldozers into the Trucker's face.
text: Knocking him clean off his feet onto his back on the pooltable.
text: The Cowboy Teenager raises his stick to avoid him as the
text: unconscious body scatters the balls.
text: Caleb regards his fists in amazement.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Did I do that?
text: The Waitress is at the booth.
text: Setting a glass down in front of Jesse.
text: Three beers on the tray in her arm.
text: A beer in her fingers as she looks at the man on the pooltable.
text: The Silvered One whistles for her attention.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Just the glass.
text: The Waitress shrugs.
text: Returns the beer to the tray.
text: She sets down the empty glass.
text: Jesse draws an antique Colt Peacemaker from his belt.
text: SHOOTS her in the Adam's apple.
text: She slumps in his lap.
text: He puts the glass under her throat.
text: Filling the glass.
text: Dumping the body on the floor.
text: Guzzling the glass, he gets up and goes to the door.
text: His pistol leveled.
text: Standing sentry.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Nobody gets out of here alive.
text: The Cowboy Teenager is totally still.
text: Nothing but a scared kid.
text: Holding his pool cue in white knuckled hands.
text: Severen lets out a cowboy yodel.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Good times!
text: He walks over to the bruising Biker standing like a statue by
text: the jukebox.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: ...This is the best time I had since
dialog: I nailed your mother backseat of your
dialog: Daddy's truck. He was there
dialog: watchin'.
text: Severen taps him in the chest.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: ...Tell you the truth, I think he
dialog: liked it, too. Know she did.
dialog: 63
text: The Biker snarls and grabs Severen by the throat.
text: Severen doesn't blink an eye.
text: He presses his two hands against the side of the Biker's head.
text: Applying pressure.
text: The Biker's eyes roll up in their sockets.
text: Severen whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Know what I said to your mother? I
dialog: said, shhhhhh, honey, this won't
dialog: hurt.
text: The Savage One buries his teeth in the man's neck.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: I said...
text: Severen uses his teeth.
text: The bar becomes sickeningly still.
text: The Savage One's face flushes and his sinewy body shudders and
text: shivers as the dying Biker spasmodically quivers.
text: Severen's neck contracts as he GULPS and GULPS.
text: With a high, wild cry, he heaves the dead, limp body of the
text: Biker onto the jukebox with a CRASH.
text: Revved up, he wipes his mouth off with the back of his hand.
text: His eyes afire.
dialog: Sated.
text: The Trucker bolts for the door.
text: Jesse blocks his way.
text: SNAPPING back the hammer of the Peacemaker.
text: The Trucker doesn't move a muscle.
text: The Bartender is white in the face.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: What do you people want?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Just a couple more minutes of your
dialog: time.
text: Caleb watches the whole scene with his mouth open.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ...Bout the same duration as the rest
dialog: of your life.
text: The farmboy starts walking away from the bar, stuperuous.
text: He doesn't see the Bartender reach under the counter behind him.
text: Picking up a double-barreled sawed-off .12 gauge shotgun.
text: Vaulting the bar, landing on both feet, raising the weapon to
dialog: his eye.
text: The boy hears him and whirls.
dialog: 64
text: The Bartender gives him both barrels square in the chest.
text: Blowing a ragged rupture through his back and ripping a hole out
text: of his chest.
text: Caleb blinks.
text: Smoke rises.
text: The boy looks down at his ravaged torso.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Oh shit.
text: He's still standing.
text: He's still alive.
text: Utterly unhurt.
text: Severen walks over.
text: The Bartender is scared spitless, frantically trying to reload.
text: The Savage One claps his hand on the boy's shoulder.
text: Caleb's mouth tries to form words.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: This is a kick, ain't it? Go sit
dialog: down, I'll finish this up.
text: Caleb dazedly has a seat on a barstool.
text: The Bartender is almost sobbing as he wrestles with his gun.
text: Severen wriggles his fingers at him.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Yoo-hoo.
text: The Bartender looks up.
text: Severen leaps into the air, lashing out with his boot.
text: His razor sharp roweled spur slashing across the man's throat.
text: Laying it open.
text: The Bartender stumbles back, still on his feet.
text: Raising his shotgun.
text: The Savage One kicks out with his other boot.
text: Slashing the man's throat a second time.
text: The barman sways on his feet.
text: The shotgun dropping from his grasp.
text: With a rebel yell, Severen jumps into the air.
text: Hitting the Bartender smack between the eyes with both boots.
text: Knocking the nearly severed head off his shoulders.
text: The headless body sinks to the floor.
text: The Savage One wipes his hands on his pants.
text: Sings off key.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: "Maaammma don't let your babies grow
dialog: up to be cowboys. Don't let them
dialog: strum guitars, and drive them old
dialog: trucks, let them be doctors and
dialog: lawyers, and such..."
dialog: 65
text: Caleb just sits on the barstool, fingering the ragged shotgun
text: blast in his chest.
text: The Trucker stands by the booth.
text: Not looking very big now.
text: Fear terrible in his eyes.
text: Diamondback almost compassionate.
text: She speaks softly, sitting in the booth.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
text: There's a fly on the ceiling.
text: The Trucker looks up.
text: Homer empties his .38 into the man.
text: Who falls on the floor.
text: The Pale One grabs a handful of his hair and yanks his head
dialog: back.
text: Exposing the throat.
text: She produces her knife.
text: Flash of steel.
text: Caleb winces as he meets Mae's eyes.
text: She gets up out of the booth.
text: Walks up to the last remaining survivor.
dialog: The Cowboy Teenager.
text: Wetting himself as he holds onto the pool cue for dear life.
text: She puts her eyes on Caleb.
text: The girl takes one of the Cowboy's Teenager's hands in her own.
text: She puts his other hand on her waist.
text: Melds her eyes gently into his.
text: Severen KICKS the jukebox.
text: A ROMANTIC COUNTRY MELODY comes out of the old, glowing
dialog: Wurlitzer.
text: The kid is so scared he is in a state of shock.
text: She whispers to him softly.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Please dance with me.
text: She leads him in a simple, shuffling, slow dance.
text: Winding her hands down his back.
dialog: Tenderly.
text: The side of her face by the side of his.
text: She turns him so that she can see Caleb over his shoulder.
text: The farmboy looks at her.
text: Not liking that she is dancing with the other boy.
text: He stands up off the stool.
text: The COUNTRY MELODY permeating the abattoir of a barroom.
text: The two of them dancing.
text: She fingers the Cowboy Teenager's hair.
text: His eyes are blank.
text: Caleb comes toward them.
text: Behind the boy's back.
text: Mae slowly bobs and weaves with the boy on the floor.
dialog: 66
text: Her eyes fixed to Caleb over his shoulder.
text: Her lips turn up in a smile.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: He's for you, Caleb.
text: The farmboy looks around him to see all the eyes of the others
text: on him.
text: He looks at Mae.
dialog: Knows it's now or never.
text: He puts his hand on the boy's shoulder.
text: The Cowboy Teenager screams his lungs out.
text: He rips free of Mae.
text: Covers his head with his arms.
text: Dives headfirst through the neon Budweiser sign on the window.
text: Caleb jumps out the window after him.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Get him, Caleb.
text: The others grab her and get busy.
text: Homer picks up the book of matches and strikes them one by one,
text: chucking them onto the sawdust on the floor.
text: Fires shoot up.
text: Severen and Jesse make Molotov Cocktails out of the bottles on
dialog: the bar.
text: Hurling them in combustion explosions of alcohol fire against
dialog: the walls.
text: They torch the place and steal out the front doors.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADHOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: The Cowboy Teenager running hell for leather.
text: Caleb on his heels.
text: The big, squat barn of a Roadhouse going up in flames.
text: Five silhouettes emerge from the smoking structure.
text: Moving to the black Dodge Camper in the parking lot.
text: Severen hot wiring the vehicle with that smooth, practiced
dialog: efficiency.
text: The others jumping in.
text: The Camper quickly accelerating to the road.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Caleb's strong limbs flying over the blacktop.
text: The Cowboy stares over his shoulder in terrific fear, choking
dialog: for breath.
text: Caleb gaining on him.
text: The Camper and the others way way behind.
text: The farmboy reaching out with his hand.
text: Clamping down on the Cowboy Teenager's shoulder.
text: Spinning him about with superlative strength.
dialog: 67
text: Baring his teeth.
text: Face to face with one his own age.
text: He sees himself how he once was.
text: Caleb freezes.
dialog: He can't do it.
text: Suddenly headlights from behind.
text: The Dodge Camper bearing down.
text: The Cowboy Teenager looks up.
text: Through the glass to Jesse's grim face.
text: He looks like he wants to cry.
text: Then another pair of lights.
text: This time from the other direction.
text: A small SEMI with a flatbed wheels around the bend in the road.
text: In a burst of speed, the Cowboy Teenager breaks for it.
text: The Camper almost on Caleb's heels.
text: Braking in a SQUEAL of smoking tires.
text: As the Teenager leaps onto the flatbed barrelling by.
text: Caleb runs fast as he can after the receding Truck.
text: The Dodge Camper starting to make a U-turn.
text: Suddenly blocked by an oncoming rush of Cars.
text: Caleb's feet slap the dirt on the side of the road as the Semi
text: picks up speed and leaves him in its dust.
text: Caleb pulls up.
text: Looking from the disappearing Semi to the Dodge Camper stopped
text: on the other side of the road.
text: Then back to the Semi.
text: Watching the red taillights of the Truck swallowed up by the
dialog: night.
text: Traffic passing him.
text: Then the Camper is abruptly at his side.
text: A door cracks open.
text: Long arms snatch him off the road.
scene_heading: INT. DODGE CAMPER - PRE-DAWN
text: Jesse squints into the faint light beginning to pale the edge of
dialog: the world.
text: Vicious hands tug Caleb inside.
text: Black looks.
text: The Silvered One twists the Camper around and punches the pedal.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Shit. You fucked us up for the last
dialog: time, boy...
text: The Camper hurtling across the flatlands.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Now, Jess?
text: Clicking very sharp teeth.
text: Jesse's eyes boring through the windshield.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Fuckin' sun!
text: Mae clings to the farmboy.
text: Homer gives him a sickening face.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: I think we should just leave your
text: boyfriend out on the road and let him
dialog: get hisself a suntan.
text: Diamondback stares out the glass toward the gently paling sky.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: We better move our ass.
text: The Silvered One fixes the boy's face in the rear-view mirror.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Boy, you screwed us up this time. We
dialog: got five minutes before sunup and we
dialog: ain't found us a place to stay.
text: He punches the steering wheel.
text: Smearing his foot to the floor.
text: Horizonline becoming more and more distinct.
text: The road ahead absolutely empty.
text: Caleb stares down into his hands.
text: Mae looks at him with soft eyes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: This rate we'll be lucky to make it
dialog: at all. Goddamn kid you let get
dialog: away's made this vehicle, he's gonna
dialog: go straight to the cops and they're
dialog: gonna be combin' the area.
text: A deadly silence.
text: That epic face straight front.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You both fucked us up.
dialog: 
text: Mae closes her eyes.
text: The Dodge Camper streaking down the road.
text: The sun now just ducking below the horizon.
text: A tremor of fear rippling through every face.
text: Blankets being tossed around.
text: Tentacles of light piercing the glass.
dialog: It looks like it hurts.
text: Mae breathes deep.
text: Lifts a strong face to the front.
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: You gonna talk, Jess, or you gonna
dialog: get us out of the sun?
text: Jesse looks at her through low lidded eyes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ...Okay.
text: Soft and sweet.
text: Mae shakes down to her bootstraps.
text: Severen CRACKS his knuckles.
text: Homer WHISTLES.
text: Diamondback gives Mae a soul shaking smile.
text: Then through the glass a Travel Court complex of little
text: bungalows off to the side of the road.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: "Bout time.
text: Lifting his foot off the gas.
scene_heading: EXT. HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - PRE-DAWN
dialog: 
text: The Dodge Camper pulls up in front of the registration office.
text: The sun just about to peer over the edge of the world.
scene_heading: INT. REGISTRATION OFFICE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - PRE-DAWN
dialog: 
text: Jesse bursts into the empty room.
text: He taps a finger on the desktop bell.
dialog: Nothing.
text: A pale beam of light creeps in through the curtains.
text: He sweats.
text: Finally the white haired MANAGER still in pajamas moves across
text: the floor with the assistance of a cane.
text: A smooth smile graces Jesse's lips.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I'd like to rent one of your
dialog: bungalows, Sir.
text: The old man presses his hearing aid, nudging his head forward.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Wha...?
text: The Silvered One notices the slow rise of light crawling across
text: the countertop toward his hand.
text: He lays down a fifty dollar bill.
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: The key.
text: A flicker of understanding in the Manager's face.
text: Plucking a set of keys off the desk.
text: Jesse grabs the key from him just as the sunlight lands upon the
text: counter where his hand just was.
text: He turns to go.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Hey, you were here b'fore once,
dialog: wasn't ya? Lotsa years back?
text: The Silvered One gives him a friendly grin as he walks out.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - PRE-DAWN
dialog: 
text: A picture pretty little box with windows and a door.
text: Jesse hurriedly unlocks the door.
text: The six figures hasten in.
text: Slamming the door shut behind him.
text: The reflection of the sliver of sun in the window slicing like a
text: knife across the sharp side of the planet.
scene_heading: EXT. HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
text: The sun high in the cloudless sky.
text: In the courtyard between the bungalows, a DOG barks, playfully.
text: And scampers after a stick.
text: He brings it back in his mouth to a bright and bushy tailed
text: SMALL BOY in sneakers and shorts.
text: An ELDERLY COUPLE rock back and forth on the front porch of one
dialog: of the bungalows.
text: A laid-back, lazy morning.
text: The Dodge Camper sits behind one of the quiet bungalows.
text: The black paint baking in the hot sun.
text: The little boy hurls the stick.
text: It soars through the air.
text: The pooch scrambles after it.
text: The stick lands.
text: The dog pads after it.
text: A hand picks it up.
text: The dog wags its tail.
text: A POLICE OFFICER with a shotgun under his arm is holding the
dialog: stick.
text: Three Patrol Cars creep into the courtyard, tires CRUMBLING the
dialog: gravel.
text: The Policeman hurls the stick way in the other direction.
text: The dog runs after it out of harm's way.
text: The small boy is motioned onto the porch of his Grandparent's
dialog: cottage.
dialog: 71
text: The Elderly Couple rise to their feet, holding the small boy to
dialog: them.
text: The Police Officer gestures for the three Patrol Cars to follow
dialog: him.
text: The Cowboy Teenager is sitting in the backseat of one of the
text: cars, pointing nervously to the Camper and nodding.
text: The Police Officer aims his eyes at the bungalow at the end of
dialog: the Travel Courts.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
text: The three Patrol Cars mobilize in a fan formation around the
text: front porch.
text: One more PATROL CAR moves into position out back.
text: The doors are flung open.
text: Assault rifles are readied in the arms of SEVEN COPS.
text: Aiming at the walls and windows of the sleeping bungalow.
text: Everything so quiet and calm on this nice summer morning with
text: BIRDS TWEETING.
text: The Police Officer walks up to the front door.
text: And KNOCKS.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
dialog: Blackness.
text: Curtains pulled tight.
text: A deathly quiet.
text: Six slumbering bodies.
text: Caleb sprawled out on an overstuffed chair.
text: Mae curled up in his arms.
text: Jesse and Diamondback in the only bed.
text: Severen sleeping standing up, leaning against the wall.
text: Through the open bathroom door, Homer flat on his back in the
dialog: bathtub.
text: A pillow over his face.
text: A hard KNOCK on the front door.
text: Homer throws the pillow from his face.
text: Opens a sleepy lid.
text: A VOICE from behind the door.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: This is the police! Come out with
dialog: your hands up!
text: Severen's eyes pop open.
text: Jesse leaps out of bed.
text: Mae raises her head.
text: Homer runs into the room.
text: Diamondback rises to her feet.
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: You are surrounded!
text: All eyes travel to Caleb.
text: Caleb gets up.
text: Worry in his eyes.
text: Severen walks to the window, lifts a finger to the curtain and
text: pulls it back a crack.
text: A single ray of sunlight explodes across his face like a burning
dialog: spear.
text: He jumps back.
text: Screaming.
dialog: Skin smoking.
text: Hands pawing at his face.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: FUCKIN' DAYTIME! !
text: Jesse yanks the Colt Peacemaker out of his belt and cracks the
text: glass of the window with the butt.
text: Caleb stands, head going back and forth as he watches the others
text: burst into action.
text: Mae produces a small, pearl-handled .22 and a box of ammo out of
dialog: her jacket.
text: Diamondback has a sawed off twelve gauge in her coat.
text: The Pale One swings up alongside one of the windows, smashing
text: out the glass with the stock.
text: The Savage One plants his eyes on the farmboy as he grabs the
text: two pieces of a disassembled rifle out of his jacket.
text: He screws on the barrel.
text: Then he yanks a .357 Magnum out of his pocket.
text: Fury scars his face as he holds it by the barrel for Caleb to
dialog: take.
text: The farmboy reaches for it.
text: Severen flips the pistol and catches it by the handle.
dialog: Meaning to use it on the new boy.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Oughta give you this end of it.
text: Jesse shoots him a stern glance.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Give him the piece, Severen.
text: Severen sighs.
text: Hands over the gun.
text: Caleb feels the weight and heft of the pice.
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: (0.S.)
text: THIS IS YOUR LAST WARNING!!! COME OUT
dialog: WITH YOUR HANDS UP!!!
text: Severen steps right in front of the door.
text: The rifle leveled in one hand at his waist.
text: Finger on the trigger.
text: Barrel fixed on the door.
text: He plugs one ear with his finger and winks at the rest.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Rock n' Roll.
text: He BLASTS a round through the door.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
text: The Policeman standing in front of the door takes the heavy
text: calibre round square in the chest.
text: It blows him clear off his feet.
text: A shaft of sunlight shoots through the bullet hole in the door.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
text: The shaft of sunshine streams through the door.
text: Striking Severen smack between the shoulder blades.
text: He is flung back against the wall and slides to the floor.
text: His shirt smoking.
text: The others open FIRE out the windows.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
text: The Seven Police Officers let loose with their assault rifles.
text: Ravaging the walls and shattered windows with SHOTS.
text: The air split by a DEAFENING DIN of gunfire.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
text: A RIFLEBLAST rips two holes in the walls by Jesse's head as he
text: reloads.
text: Pinpricks of light blaze across the room.
text: The Silvered One dives out of the way.
text: A mirror on the wall fractures the light.
text: Homer gets hit on the hand by a deflected ray.
text: Skin bursts into flames.
text: He yelps, running out of the way.
text: Homer lifts his .38 to the window and starts pumping off ROUNDS.
text: Jesse shoots out the mirror to splintered glass smithereens.
text: Bullet holes swiss cheese the walls and roof.
text: EXPLOSIONS of GUNFIRE rip through the wallpaper.
text: Needles and lances of bright sunlight cats cradle the room.
dialog: 74
text: The day comes through the holes and punctures in a maze of tiny
text: funnels.
text: The six inside desperately keep up their volleys of gunfire.
text: They dodge, dive, duck and avoid the laser beams of light that
text: continue to cordon off the areas of the room they can move and
dialog: fight back in.
text: Caleb's gun isn't loaded and while he is popping in shells, a
text: stray round from outside hits the box and scatters the
dialog: cartridges.
text: He glances over, while he frantically retrieves the bullets, to
text: see Mae emptying her cute little .22 out the window alongside
dialog: Homer.
text: BULLETS RICHOCHET around the room with a piercing WHINE.
text: The farmboy looks up and sees the rear window.
text: The Camper is parked outside it.
text: He thinks fast.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
text: A hot sun burning overhead.
text: A Police Car being RIDDLED with bullets.
text: Cops diving for cover in a cloud of dust.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
text: A momentary lull, the frantic reloading of guns.
text: Caleb looks up into Jesse's sombre face.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm gonna go out there to get the
dialog: Camper.
text: Severen almost laughs.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: That's a good one, asshole!
text: A wall starting to splinter open with another round of GUNSHOT
speaker_heading: BLASTS.
text: Light burning across the floor.
text: The others pressing back into dark corners.
text: FIRING back as best they can.
text: Jesse turns a narrow eye on Caleb.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You go outside, boy...
text: He squeezes off a SHOT.
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ...They gonna be servin' you ona
dialog: bun.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: It's the best chance we got.
text: Jesse barely blinks.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: We'll cover ya.
text: The farmboy nods.
text: Severen shouts.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Asshole's gonna get himself killed.
text: The Silvered One smirks at the Savage One.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: So what do we got to lose? Git
dialog: goin', boy, we'll cover ya.
text: Jesse throws the car keys into Caleb's open palm.
text: The farmboy yanks the bedspread off the bed and throws it over
dialog: his head.
text: Mae reaches out with her hand, touching Caleb's arm.
text: BULLETS flying left and right.
text: She looks into his eyes.
text: Caleb meets her gaze.
text: Another EXPLOSION of GUNSHOTS.
text: The farmboy spins on his feet, racing for the back window.
text: He leaps through the air and dives through the glass.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
text: Caleb lands in a heap in the dirt.
text: The sun attacks him beneath the bedspread.
text: A single Policeman staking out the back starts SHOOTING at the
text: figure under the blanket.
text: Caleb jumps to his feet and dodges bullets as he hurries for the
text: Camper with the blanket flowing behind him like a cape.
text: His hands holding the cover beginning to burn as the wicked sun
dialog: hits them.
text: He starts to scream.
text: The Camper only a few feet ahead.
text: He claws forward.
text: The Policeman takes careful aim.
text: A bullet glances Caleb in the chest.
dialog: 76
text: He keeps moving.
text: Reaching the vehicle as the skin of his hands starts to smoke.
text: Ripping the door open and bursting inside.
scene_heading: INT. DODGE CAMPER - DAY
text: Caleb kneels down behind the dashboard to shield himself from
dialog: the direct sunlight.
text: He grips the steering wheel and slams the keys into the
dialog: ignition.
text: The engine FIRES up.
text: He smashes his foot into the gas pedal.
text: The sun blazes through the darkened windshield.
text: He moans as the subdued light hits his face.
text: Blackening the skin on his forehead.
text: He ducks below the dash.
text: Steering the vehicle straight ahead for the wall of the bullet-
text: riddled bungalow.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
text: A tidal wave of deadly white light as the Camper breaks through
dialog: the wall.
text: Wood and glass raining down.
text: The others wrap themselves in blankets they scrounge off the bed
text: as the light spreads through the room.
text: The black Camper, covered with wallpaper and plaster, sitting in
text: the middle of the floor.
text: Caleb throws open the doors.
text: Everyone is yelling loudly as they tear towards the vehicle.
text: Slinging their guns in the back compartments, they all help each
dialog: other in.
scene_heading: INT. DODGE CAMPER - DAY
text: Jesse heaves Diamondback onto the floor, covering her with his
dialog: body.
text: Severen gathers up his guns, clambering into the back
dialog: compartment.
text: Caleb hauls Mae into the seat beside him by a tug on her arm.
text: Homer grabs onto the rear bumper, crawling up the back for the
text: open rear window.
text: Screaming his lungs out as the bare sunlight bathes his small
dialog: body.
text: BULLETS RICOCHET off the front and sides of the Camper as the
text: assault continues from outside.
text: One bullet cracks the window into a giant spiderweb.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Let's go!
dialog: 77
text: Caleb drives his foot down on the accelerator.
text: The car starts going.
text: Homer claws his way onto the back of the vehicle, crying out as
text: he loses his grip in the agonizing sunshine.
text: Severen reaches out and drags him safely through the back
dialog: window.
text: They all duck down as the Camper piledrives through the front of
dialog: the building.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - HIDE-A-WAY TRAVEL COURTS - DAY
dialog: 
text: The nose of the Camper breaks through the front of the cottage
text: like a huge black beast.
text: Felling the screen door and powderizing the flower pots in its
dialog: path.
text: The Policemen hold their fire for a moment and stare
text: incredulously.
text: The Dodge Camper lurches forward, carrying the frame of the
text: cottage on its back like a shell.
text: Ramming head on into a Police Car parked directly in front.
text: The Policemen regain their senses, getting out of the way of the
dialog: Camper.
text: Pivoting and FIRING as they go.
text: A deafening SOUND of SHEARING METAL as the Police Car crumples
text: beneath the impact of the Camper.
text: As the Camper charges out into the parking lot.
text: Bullets dappling the sides of the vehicle, whose solid steel
text: reinforced bodywork protects those inside like armor.
text: The Camper kicks up thick trails of dust and gravel.
text: Fragments of the building raining off the roof of the vehicle.
text: They hurtle toward the tarmac of the open road.
text: The Policemen jumping into their three remaining vehicles.
text: The Camper streaking out onto the blacktop.
text: The Elderly Couple standing on the front porch exchanging
text: glances of complete awe.
text: The police cars swerving into single file formation and speeding
text: out of the area with their cherrytops flaring.
text: The Small Boy wide eyed in wonderment as he walks onto the
text: driveway and watches them disappear in the settling dust.
text: The Dog trots around with the stick between its teeth, tail
text: wagging excitedly.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-LANE HIGHWAY - DUSK
text: Three patrol cars swoop after their fleeing quarry like birds of
dialog: prey.
text: The object of their pursuit driving away from a setting sun.
text: Red cherrytops igniting the livid sky.
text: Two of the cop cars fan out.
text: Windows rolling down.
text: Shotguns aimed out.
dialog: 78
scene_heading: INT. DODGE CAMPER - DUSK
text: Caleb is pummelled by the daylight piercing through the tinted
dialog: glass windows.
text: Blackening his skin in burned splotches.
text: His hands fixed on the steering wheel, smoking.
text: His foot hard on the gas pedal.
text: Squinting over the dashboard, ducking down against the assault
dialog: of the sunshine.
text: A SHOTGUN BLAST blows a spiderweb out of the windshield.
text: The five figures are huddling down under the blankets pulled
text: over them.
text: The boy struggles to keep the Camper on the road.
text: Another SHOTGUN BLAST splinters the side mirror.
text: Several loose pellets puncture the tinted glass.
text: Needlelike lances of light pricking Caleb's skin.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Somebody do something!
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-LANE HIGHWAY - DUSK
text: The Camper charges down the road.
text: The three Police Cars hurtling after it.
text: Dust settles in a streak of red cherry tops.
scene_heading: INT. DODGE CAMPER - DUSK
text: The shield of the four walls of the vehicle are being breached
text: by the shotguns.
text: Laserlike beams of light shoot through the bullet holes.
text: Severen and Jesse poke their heads up out of the blankets.
text: Peering over the backseat.
text: Recoiling from the sunshine singeing their faces.
text: They duck down and grab up rifles.
text: FIRING off round after round through the shattered glass of the
text: back windshield.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE CAR #1 - DUSK
text: It advances.
text: Shotgun barrel poking out the window.
scene_heading: INT. DODGE CAMPER - DUSK
text: Caleb is slammed against the sidedoor as a BLAST of buckshot
text: taps him on the shoulder.
text: He loses control of the wheel for a second.
text: The vehicle swerves wildly beneath him.
text: He regains command of the Camper.
text: Blood trickling from the hole in his shirt.
dialog: 79
dialog: Using up all his will and strength to keep driving in the
text: excruciating sunlight.
text: The wound in his shoulder already healing up.
text: The boy holding up as well as he can.
text: Beneath the blankets in the backseat by the floor, Mae,
text: Diamondback and Homer huddle for security against the flying
text: bullets and piercing sunshine spears.
text: Jesse and Severen return the fire out the back windshield.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-LANE HIGHWAY - DUSK
text: The Police Cars are flanked over both the outgoing and oncoming
dialog: lanes.
text: Shots going every which way.
text: A hay truck is approaching in the opposing lane, barreling down,
text: HONKING its HORN.
text: The patrol cars retract into the outgoing lane, resuming a
text: single file formation behind the Camper.
text: The truck goes on by.
scene_heading: INT. DODGE CAMPER - DUSK
text: Severen throws a glance to Caleb in the front seat.
text: Shouting at the top of his lungs over the ROAR of the ENGINES
text: and the WHINE of the BULLETS.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: CALEB, I'M GONNA GET THOSE COPS!
text: WHATEVER HAPPENS YOU JUST KEEP ON
dialog: GOIN'! GOT THAT!
speaker_heading: CALEB
speaker_heading: YEAH!
text: Diamondback hands the sawed-off shotgun to Severen.
text: The Savage One cracks open the weapon in his hands.
text: Slams in a fistful of shells.
text: Gives an eye to the Silvered One.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Nice knowin' ya, Jess.
text: With that Severn leaps over the backseat.
text: Kicks open the rear door.
text: Hovers in the wind and white hot sunshine for a fraction of a
dialog: second.
text: His hand holding the shotgun is on fire.
scene_heading: EXT. DODGE CAMPER - DUSK
text: The Savage One brings up the weapon.
text: Staring at the three Police Cars looking him in the face.
dialog: 80
text: The direct sunlight making his skin smoke.
text: BULLETS speeding past his face.
text: Severen jumps off the back transom of the Camper at 90.
text: Vaulting through empty air.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE CAR #1 - DUSK
text: The Savage One lands first on the hood.
text: The POLICEMEN in the front seat stare at him in awe.
text: Severen points the sawed off shotgun in their faces.
text: Firing the first barrel through the windshield.
text: The unmanned patrol car jars violently around the road.
text: The Savage One climbs up on the roof.
text: Using the cherrytop blinkers for leverage, he heaves himself
text: through the air.
text: Leapfrogging from one Police Car to the other.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE CAR #2 - DUSK
text: The cops inside are shocked.
text: Severen lands smack dab on the hood on all fours.
text: The sawed off shotgun in his hands.
text: His face afire.
text: His hair smouldering.
text: His shotgun blazing.
text: Punching twin holes through the windshield.
text: Blowing the men away behind it.
text: The car speeding off the road.
text: Severen scrambling atop the roof before it's too late.
text: Plummeting spread-eagled over the open road toward the third
text: Police Car coming right toward him.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR #3 - DUSK
text: The Cowboy Teenager in the backseat ducks down.
text: The POLICEMEN don't react fast enough.
text: Severen EXPLODES through the windshield in clouds of cubed
dialog: glass.
text: Breaking the second cop's neck as he lands in his lap.
text: The cop behind the wheel grabs for his gun.
text: The Savage One takes it from him and shoots him in the side with
dialog: it.
text: Severen shoves him out the door as he slides behind the wheel.
text: Taking over the Police Car.
text: Stepping on the brake.
text: Slowing to a stop in a SCREECH of TIRES.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-LANE HIGHWAY - DUSK
text: The sun sinking below the smouldering horizon.
text: The Camper comes to a halt.
dialog: 81
text: The third Police Car stationary in the road several hundred
text: yards to the rear.
text: The second Police Car flipped over on its side in a field of
dialog: wheat.
text: In flames.
text: The field on fire around it.
text: The first Police Car a crumpled heap of metal and glass all over
dialog: the two lanes.
dialog: Sundown.
dialog: Nighttime.
scene_heading: EXT. DODGE CAMPER - NIGHT
text: The door opens tentatively.
text: Caleb climbs out of the bullet-riddled vehicle onto solid
dialog: ground.
text: A little unsteady on his feet.
text: Looking every bit the wounded warrior who has returned in one
dialog: piece.
text: His skin charred and seared.
dialog: Injuries that will heal.
text: He lets out a sigh and blinks his eyes.
text: A sort of smile as he sees Jesse, Mae, Diamondback and little
text: Homer step out of the rear door and onto the road.
text: They all regard one another with relief.
text: Mae runs to Caleb and they embrace.
text: Jesse claps his hand on the boy's shoulder.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Not too shabby.
text: A CAR DOOR SLAMMING spins their heads around.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE CAR #3 - NIGHT
text: A scorched, worse for wear Severen leans against the side of the
dialog: car.
text: His hair cindered.
text: His smile a white sickle in his blackened, charred features.
text: His eyes wickedly bright.
text: He lights up a cigarette.
text: He makes eye contact with the farmboy.
text: The farmboy starts to smile.
text: Breathing again.
text: The Savage One strides on back to the others standing beside the
dialog: Camper.
text: Caleb glances up at the black roof of night.
text: Drowning in that depthless space.
text: Taking some steps off the road into the fields.
dialog: 82
scene_heading: EXT. FIELDS - NIGHT
text: The farmboy holds the moment.
text: Spying that last sliver of sunlight hovering on the horizon.
text: Like the last sunlight he will see for a long long time.
text: He swallows.
text: Finding some kind of solace.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR #3 - NIGHT
text: The rear door opens.
text: The car is empty.
scene_heading: EXT. DODGE CAMPER - NIGHT
text: Parked at the side of the lonesome road.
text: Five shadowy silhouettes milling around the front of the
dialog: vehicle.
text: All is quiet at the back.
text: Where a pair of hands reach up to the metal container of
text: gasoline attached to the back.
text: They pry it off noiselessly.
text: Silent feet pad around to the front.
text: Trembling fingers unscrew the cap.
text: Suddenly dousing the five figures with the amber liquid.
text: GASPS all around.
text: The Cowboy Teenager backs quickly and strikes a match.
text: The Savage One swipes at his wet jacket.
text: Jesse whirls a deadly eye on the kid.
text: Diamondback stares at the match, lips quivering.
text: Homer gulps.
text: WWWFFFFFFFFFFFTTTTT.
text: The match is blown out.
text: The Cowboy spins.
text: But Caleb already has him by the throat with a set of clamping
dialog: fingers.
text: Caleb locks his teeth on the Cowboy Teenager's neck.
text: The kid's feet kick and thrash in the air.
text: Then they stop kicking.
dialog: Quit thrashing.
text: Hanging limp.
text: Caleb heaves the drained body of the boy into the bushes.
text: Returns to the others.
text: They pile into the Camper.
dialog: And go.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - NIGHT
text: A white STATION WAGON accelerates past the abandoned black Dodge
text: Camper parked at the side of the road in the middle of nowhere.
dialog: 83
scene_heading: EXT. BORDERLINE OF KANSAS AND NEBRASKA - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The white Station Wagon whips past a roadsign saying, "You are
dialog: entering the state of Nebraska."
text: Red taillights shrink.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF GODSPEED, NEBRASKA - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The moon is big and bright above this one road town.
text: The White Station Wagon cuts past a sign reading, "Godspeed.
dialog: Pop 327."
dialog: One gas station.
dialog: And one Motel.
text: The white Station Wagon pulls into the parking lot of the Motel.
scene_heading: EXT. BORDERLINE OF KANSAS AND NEBRASKA - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The Chevy Pickup drives past the roadsign.
text: The small figures of Loy and Sarah inside.
scene_heading: EXT. GODSPEED MOTEL - NIGHT
text: The Station Wagon comes to rest before the run down Motel.
text: The "Godspeed" sign in bright, white, electric neon.
text: Somewhere in the distant black horizon, a rooster CROWS.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM #7 - GODSPEED MOTEL - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Jesse closes the door behind him.
text: Severen drops into a chair, kicking his feet up on a low table.
text: Diamondback rubs at the blackened smoke along her arms.
text: Homer plops down on the bed.
text: Caleb and Mae sink into a couch.
text: Relief and quiet fall over them.
text: The farmboy feels everybody's eyes on him.
dialog: In a good way.
dialog: That isn't good at all.
text: Diamondback leans over and claps her hand on his knee.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: Welcome.
text: Mae smiles up at her, proudly.
text: Severen reaches to his cowboy boot and rips off one of his
text: spurs.
text: He looks over to Caleb.
text: A razor blade wink.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Catch.
dialog: 84
text: He tosses the spur to Caleb.
text: With the warmest grin Severen has ever worn on his broken face.
text: The farmboy closes his palm over the silver spur.
text: Having to grin.
text: Homer bounces off the bed and comes up to Caleb.
text: He reaches out with his hand.
text: Looks Caleb square in the face.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: Shake.
text: Caleb takes hold of his hand.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Thanks.
text: Homer smiles up at Caleb with those ageless eyes in his little
dialog: boy face.
text: Jesse looks down at the farmboy, his silver hair gleaming in the
text: yellow lamplight.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Glad to have y' with us, son.
text: Caleb gazes at him a long moment.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Jesse, there's a question I been
dialog: meaning to ask you.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What might that be?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: How old are ya?
text: The Silvered One stares off, remembering.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Let's put it this way, I fought for
dialog: the south.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: South?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: We lost.
text: Mae comes to her feet.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Caleb, let's go take a look at the
dialog: night.
dialog: 85
text: He follows her out the door.
text: Diamondback watches them leave with a smile on her face.
text: Homer flicks on the television set.
text: A late night religious program flickers across the screen.
text: Severen pulls a deck of cards out of his jacket and begins
text: shuffling them.
text: Jesse lights a fresh cigarette, taking a seat across from
dialog: Severen.
text: The Savage One starts to deal a hand.
scene_heading: EXT. GODSPEED MOTEL - NIGHT
text: The silver spur CLICKS softly as Caleb walks beside Mae along
text: the narrow walkway of the Motel.
text: They veer off the parking lot and head out into the green
text: pasture behind the building.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS PASTURE - GODSPEED MOTEL - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: A burst of stars.
text: One falls.
text: Mae takes hold of Caleb's hand.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Well you're one of us now, Caleb.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What does that make me?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Ain't exactly sure.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: But it's good, right.
dialog: Pause.
text: A half smile.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Guess so.
text: He looks at her.
text: They walk on.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM #7 - GODSPEED MOTEL - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: A poker game going strong between Severen, Jesse and
dialog: Diamondback.
text: Smoke hanging in the air.
text: Homer glances over his shoulder as he opens the front door.
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: I'm going to take the air.
text: Diamondback nods as Homer closes the door behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. GODSPEED MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Homer whistles happily as he walks the narrow walkway of the
dialog: Motel.
text: He hears the soft CLICK of a coin being deposited in the soda
text: machine up ahead.
text: He lifts his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. SODA MACHINE - GODSPEED MOTEL - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Sarah Colton is dressed in her grey flannel pajamas.
text: She gazes at the soda machine, trying to decide which one to
dialog: have.
text: The cold flourescent light bathes her small, heart shaped face.
text: Her golden hair touseled around her face from sleep.
text: She hits the Orange Crush button.
text: The dull THUD of a can hitting the deck.
text: She lifts it out.
text: Pops it open.
text: Turns her face to the small boy staring at her several feet
dialog: away.
text: She furrows her brow.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's impolite to stare.
text: Homer's face cracks open in a wide smile as he takes a step
text: toward her.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: Howdy .
text: He begins to tremble as he walks.
text: Sarah POPS the top of the Orange Crush can.
text: Gulps down some of the cool liquid.
text: It spills onto her chin.
text: She swipes at it with the back of her hand.
text: The boy comes to a stop in front of her.
text: She looks at him curiously.
text: The ragged striped t-shirt.
text: Faded blue jeans.
text: High top sneakers.
dialog: Kind of cute dust smile.
text: He gazes at her, all dewy eyed.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: My name's Homer. What's yours?
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Sarah.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: What are you doin' down here all by
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I do what I want to when I want to do
dialog: it.
text: She turns and starts for the stairs.
text: His eyes follow her.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: You want to watch TV?
text: She stops.
dialog: Thinks it over.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS PASTURE - GODSPEED MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Heat lightning in a sky like some enchanted landscape.
text: Caleb and Mae very small beneath as they walk hand and hand.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: The day... you miss it?
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: I'm beginning to forget what it was
dialog: like. You.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I can see better at night.
dialog: They stop.
dialog: Embrace.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM #7 - GODSPEED MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Homer smiles from ear to ear as he enters the room.
text: A blonde haired little girl beside him.
text: Looking like an angel in her healthy, mortal glow.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: I'd like to introduce y'all to Sarah.
text: Sarah gazes up curiously into the faces of Jesse, Severen, and
text: Diamondback as they put down their cards.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Boy, you people sure stay up late.
dialog: 88
text: Severen grins slyly.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: We keep odd hours.
text: Homer shows Sarah to a chair by the television.
text: His face beaming with True Love and Devotion.
text: He looks pretty silly.
text: The others roll their eyes.
text: The television is playing the station signoff.
text: The NATIONAL ANTHEM reverberates around the room in a bugle
dialog: refrain.
text: Sarah has plunked herself down in front of the TV and notices
dialog: nothing else.
text: She giggles.
text: Homer flashes her a look of pure love.
text: Behind Sarah's back, Severen catches the Little One's eye with a
dialog: wink.
text: The Savage One slips his hand under his shirt and feigns a
text: pumping heart.
text: Homer blushes.
text: Jesse leans back in his seat, watching the girl, puffing on his
text: cigarette, smiling.
text: Diamondback casts a bemused but worried eye on Homer.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: Homer, sweet darlin'... Homer, you
dialog: look at me when I'm talkin' to you,
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: What?
text: His voice is sharp, almost dangerous.
text: Diamondback's mind is working beneath her good ol' gal manners.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: Sarah, you here with your family?
text: The little girl tears her eyes away from the TV and the last
text: moments of the station signoff.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Just my daddy.
text: Jesse's gaze brushes over her small face.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: What room you stayin' in, honey?
text: Sarah thinks for a second.
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Un, number three.
text: She goes back to the television.
text: Jesse gives a look to Severen.
text: The Savage One rises to his feet, laying his cards face down on
dialog: the table.
text: And slips out the door.
text: The television screen turns to blank fuzz.
text: Homer spins the knob on the television.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: There'll be somethin' on another
dialog: channel.
dialog: Only fuzz.
text: Sarah shakes her head, rising to her feet.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I better be going' anyhow.
text: She takes a step toward the door.
text: Homer jumps to his feet.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: Sarah, wait!
text: Sarah is at the door when it opens and someone walks in.
text: Almost bumping the little girl in the chest.
text: She looks up.
text: Her eyes widen.
text: Her breath sticks in her throat.
text: Her gaze lifting to her big brother's astonished face.
text: Mae just behind him.
text: Looking past his shoulder to the little girl in front.
text: Caleb sinks to one knee in front of Sarah.
text: Stroking his hands across her face and hair as if to reassure
text: she is right there before him.
text: She stares up in his eyes.
dialog: Tears.
dialog: Speechless.
text: The rest of the room stone cold.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Sarah.
text: The little girl's lip quivers.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I oughta punch your lights out.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Guess you oughta.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh...
text: She throws her arms around him, sobbing happily.
text: The farmboy clutches her to his chest with all he's worth.
text: His lips form words.
text: With a smile that passes from the world of the dead to the land
dialog: of the living.
text: It takes a moment before he acknowledges all the strange looks
text: he is receiving.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: She's my sister, people.
text: Activity outside the door.
speaker_heading: LOY (V.0.)
dialog: So that's where she went to. Gota
dialog: mind of her own, that little girl of
dialog: mine. I'll get her out of your hair.
text: Caleb spins around at the sound of his father's voice.
text: Looking into the face of Loy Colton standing in the doorway,
text: face puffy from sleep.
text: Severen hovering behind the man like the sickle of his namesake.
text: Father and son make some serious eye contact.
dialog: Words just don't express the feelings.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Been looking for you.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Tried callin' you.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: We been out a lot. Drivin' in the
dialog: truck. Tryin' to track you down.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Dad.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Son.
text: Severen shuts the door.
text: Shaking his head with a savagely sardonic smile.
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
text: Round and round and round she goes,
dialog: and where she stops, nobody knows...
text: He throws the latch.
text: Locking the latch.
text: Jesse pulling the window blinds.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: ...But it's 'bout time for that 'ol
dialog: wheel to stop rotatin'.
text: Loy swiftly moves over to Sarah and retrieves his daughter in
dialog: his arms.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Who are these people?
text: Caleb notices the others assuming attack formation against the
dialog: walls.
text: He positions himself to Loy and Sarah's maximum advantage
dialog: between them.
dialog: Acting as a buffer.
text: He looks his father in the face.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm with them now.
text: The farmboy shoots a knifeblade glance to the others standing
text: around with a certain redress in their eyes.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Let them go.
text: He returns his gaze to his father and sister.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: You comin'?
text: Caleb watches Mae's glance.
dialog: She wants him.
text: She's in him.
dialog: He won't be without her.
text: She touches him on the sleeve and that's all she wrote.
text: Sarah watches this other woman closely.
text: Caleb turns to his family.
text: Shakes his had softly.
dialog: Eyes firm.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: No. But you're going'.
text: The farmboy feels tension in the air like a trip wire on a time
dialog: bomb.
text: He takes his father carefully by the hand.
text: Moving him slowly, step by step toward the door.
text: Severen is standing in front of it with his arms crossed.
text: Caleb looks him in the eye.
text: The Savage One looks him back.
text: The farmboy puts his hand on the doorknob.
dialog: Turns it.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: Noooooooooo0! !!! 111!!!
text: The Little One jumps off the bed like a trampoline.
text: Snatching Sarah in his arms.
text: Stealing her away.
text: The small girl kicking and screaming.
text: Desperate satisfaction in Homer's face.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: Mine.
text: Caleb takes a step toward him.
text: His hands out.
text: Knowing full well the unstable little bag of bones necklocking
text: his tiny sister could snap her spine like a twig.
text: Caleb speaks softly.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Gonna have to give her back, now.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: I'm gonna nip her.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Can't do that. Not to her.
text: Homer begins to nuzzle her neck.
text: The Little One looks up at the farmboy with dead calm in his
dialog: eyes.
text: A smile widens slowly along his mouth.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: I turned Mae. She went off an'
dialog: turned you. Now I'm turnin' your
dialog: little sister. That makes us even
dialog: steven.
dialog: 93
text: Caleb's face turns black.
text: His knuckles whiten.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Homer, you give her back or I'm going
dialog: to hurt your body.
text: Severen subdues Caleb in an armlock.
text: As confining as a steel vest.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Now you just settle down there,
dialog: cowboy, ‘Member which side of your
dialog: bread the butter's on.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: GODDAMMIT ALL OF YOU, THEY'RE MY
dialog: FAMILY AND YOU'RE GONNA HAFTA LET 'EM
dialog: GO Now!
text: Jesse's face has a sad gait to it as he steps forward.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Question is whether they'd let us go.
dialog: They tracked us this far. Now they
dialog: know our faces. Doesn't look like
dialog: they'd leave off after following us
dialog: all the way here.
text: The Silvered One puts a firm hand on Caleb's sweaty shoulder.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I say kill 'em.
text: Diamondback taps the toe of a white cowboy boot on the floor.
text: Looks straight into Caleb's face.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: Quick.
text: The farmboy's pupils dilate.
text: Sarah starts to scream but Homer puts his hand over her mouth.
text: Loy abruptly reaches into his jacket, pulling out a .38.
text: He backs off to a strategic corner of the room.
text: Aiming the pistol in a two hand grip at the others.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: That'll be just about enough of this
dialog: shit. Let go of my boy. Let go of
dialog: my little girl. Now y'all jus' get
text: away from the door.
dialog: 94
text: He COCKS back the HAMMER of the GUN with his thumb.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: ...And we'll be on our way.
text: Caleb speaks through clenched teeth.
text: Severen holding firm.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Put that away, Dad. Won't do any
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Listen to your son...
text: The Silvered One comes forward, his boots squeaking along the
dialog: carpet.
text: The father trains the handgun square between his shoulder
dialog: blades.
text: Chuckles.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Whadya mean it won't do any good?
dialog: I'd stop where y'are if I was you,
dialog: Mister.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Not likely.
dialog: Loy FIRES.
text: Reaming a hole in the middle of Jesse's chest.
text: The Silvered One coughs.
text: Spitting the used bullet into the palm of his hand.
text: Reaching out and putting it in the pocket of Loy's shirt.
text: Patting the pocket for safe keeping.
text: His other hand closing on the normal man's hand on the gun.
text: Jesse squeezes.
text: Loy screams in agony.
text: The bones in his hand beginning to snap against the metal of the
text: gun in the crushing grip of the hand clamped around it.
text: Caleb screams.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: GODDAMITT, JESSE!
text: Sarah shrieks.
text: Rage funneling her strength.
text: She whirls around on Homer, drawing her hand back into a fist
text: and connecting with the little boy's jaw.
dialog: Hard.
text: Reeling Homer.
text: Sarah tears free.
dialog: 95
text: Bolts for the door.
text: Grips the knob in both her teensy hands and turns.
text: Flinging the door wide open.
text: Her small figure is backlit in an explosion of sunshine.
text: New morning sun flooding into the room.
text: Rimming Sarah like a halo.
text: The shaft of white light burning hot across the floor.
text: Hitting those inside like an atomic blast.
text: Severen, closet to the door, is blown off his feet.
text: Jesse's grip loosens around Loy's hand, the skin on his grasping
text: hand smoking as he lets out a loud groan.
text: The father spins around in surprise and alarm at the scene
dialog: around him.
text: Nursing his numb hand.
text: Jesse and Diamondback scramble for cover behind the bed.
text: Homer just standing in the sunlight, tears pouring out of his
text: eyes as his face burns.
text: The Silvered One grabs him and throws him down on the carpet.
text: Caleb covers Mae with his body.
text: Ripping the blankets off the bed.
text: Keeping her shielded.
text: Loy stands, shell-shocked, unable to believe his eyes.
text: Sarah revolves slowly, her eyes gradually widening.
text: The bright day framing her in silhouette.
text: Her shadow rising up the wall of the room.
text: She puts her hand on her mouth.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Daddy, did I do that?
text: Caleb wrenches a blanket off the bed.
text: Covers himself with it.
text: He grabs his father and sister in his arms.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: C'MON LET'S GET TO THE CAR!!!
text: He shephards them to the door.
text: Looking over his shoulder just once.
text: Mae ducking behind the bed.
text: Twisting her hear around.
text: Her tear-soaked eyes shooting into Caleb's face.
text: He almost stays.
text: Severen takes a leap for them into the direct sunlight.
text: He reaches out with his long arms.
text: Fingertips tearing the blanket as the flesh burns.
text: The farmboy ducking out the door with his own.
text: A fist of sunlight punching the Savage One in the face.
text: Knocking him to his knees.
text: He slams the door shut.
text: Soothing darkness, sweet relief.
dialog: 96
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - GODSPEED MOTEL - DAY
dialog: 
text: Loy and Sarah hustle Caleb's blanketed body to the Chevy Pickup.
text: Pulling open the darkened rear compartment.
text: The farmboy clambers in amongst all the veterinary equipment.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Go, Dad!
text: Loy and Sarah jump into the Pickup and tear off outa there.
scene_heading: INT. REAR COMPARTMENT - CHEVY PICKUP - DAY
dialog: 
text: The farmboy stretches himself in the shadows among the medical
dialog: supplies.
text: A little window to the front seat by his head.
text: He ducks down below it to avoid the shaft of sunlight streaming
dialog: through.
text: The vehicle bucks like a bronc.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Dad?
scene_heading: INT. CAB - CHEVY PICKUP - DAY
text: Loy's face is white.
text: Foot flat on the pedal.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: What in goddamned hell's goin' on,
dialog: son?!
text: Sarah starts to cry.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What's the matter with you, Caleb?
text: Pedal to the metal.
scene_heading: EXT. GODSPEED COUNTY LINE - DAY
text: The Chevy Pickup RIPROARS in a cloud of dust.
text: Dust settling on the county line of the tiny Nebraska town.
scene_heading: INT. REAR COMPARTMENT - CHEVY PICKUP - DAY
dialog: 
text: Caleb rests his head against the metal wall below the window
dialog: slot.
dialog: Sweating is not the word.
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Dad... I tried calling you, Dad. You
dialog: weren't home... Dad... Sarah... You
dialog: got no idea, either of you. You're
dialog: not going to believe it. I ain't
dialog: sure I believe it myself. I ain't
dialog: the same person I was. I ain't even
dialog: a person... I'm sick.
text: Loy looks through the window.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: We'll get you to a hospital right
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You do I'm dead.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Caleb... Those people back there,
dialog: they wasn't normal. Normal folks,
dialog: they don't spit out bullets after you
dialog: shoot them. Normal folks don't burn
dialog: up in everyday sunshine... Now tell
dialog: me what the fuck?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I got bit... Now I gotta bite.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: You're going straight to the
dialog: hospital!
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You want me killed, Dad?! I ain't
dialog: goin' no Goddamn hospital.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Bullshit you ain't!
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Hospitals fix this?
text: The farmboy sticks his hand up in front of the window by his
text: father's face.
text: A thin clear shaft of sunlight across the skin.
text: Skin beginning to smoke.
text: Loy recoils in shock.
text: Caleb pulls his hand down and nurses it.
text: They drive on in silence.
dialog: 98
text: The farmboy's eyes fall on the rubber tubing, glass beakers,
text: shelves of medicines, instruments, and other medical equipment
text: stored in the compartment.
text: He fiddles with the apparatus.
text: His mind working.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Dad, you ever transfuse a person?
scene_heading: EXT. ACCELERATION RAMP ONTO FREEWAY SOUTH - DAY
dialog: 
text: The Chevy Pickup SCREECHES its TIRES up the ramp.
text: Heading due south.
text: The sun high in a milk white sky.
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - DUSK
text: The sun like a red balloon resting on the edge of the sky.
text: Sinking behind the old homestead, cozy and familiar in the lazy
dialog: farmlands.
text: The Chevy Pickup is a chute of dust funneling up the driveway.
text: Coming to a full-brake stop in front of the farmhouse.
scene_heading: INT. VETERINARIAN OPERATING ROOM - COLTON FARM - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The windows are curtained and shuttered.
text: Caleb is stretched out on the operating table, his skin
text: abnormally pale and translucent under the lights.
text: Loy standing by him in his shirtsleeves.
text: Metal stands by the operating table with bottles attached to
dialog: them.
text: Long, perilous needles on rubber tubes fitted to the bottles.
text: The father lifts a hypodermic syringe and fills it with a heavy
dialog: tranquilizer.
text: Loy looks real worried as he poises the hypo.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: I don't like doing this. I don't
dialog: really know what's going on. You
dialog: might not come out of this.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I wouldn't want to stay like this.
text: Loy takes a deep breath.
text: He uses the hypo.
text: Caleb is knocked out.
text: The father takes a seat pulling a metal stand to his side.
text: Pumps up the veins on his right arm.
text: And inserts the needle.
text: Draining the blood into a bottle.
text: His eyes begin to dim.
dialog: 99
text: Just before he loses consciousness he stops.
text: Looking down at the bottle of blood on the floor.
text: Loy lowers his head to his hands.
text: Trying to get the blood back into it.
text: The room beginning to spin.
text: He breathes deep.
dialog: And gets to work.
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - NIGHT
text: A moon a day shy of being full casts a bright lunar glow over
dialog: the farmlands.
text: The farmhouse sits.
text: Everything still and quiet.
dialog: Maybe too quiet.
scene_heading: INT. VETERINARIAN OPERATING ROOM - COLTON FARM - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Caleb lies motionless.
text: His right arm injected with a needle and tube which is running
text: his blood out into a bottle on the floor.
dialog: Bad blood.
text: His left arm also injected with a needle and tube being fed from
text: a bottle of his father's blood hung on a stand.
text: Loy feels for his son's pulse.
text: His own body in a state of complete collapse.
text: There is a dull beating.
text: It is enough to blur Loy's eyes with tears.
text: The bottle drains.
text: He gently removes the needles from his son's arms.
text: He slaps the side of Caleb's face.
dialog: No reaction.
text: He shakes the boy's shoulders.
dialog: Nothing.
text: He hangs his head in a moment of exasperation.
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - NIGHT
text: The moon lowering in the sky.
text: Far away a star twinkles.
dialog: Maybe a star.
scene_heading: INT. VETERINARIAN OPERATING ROOM - COLTON FARM - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Loy is stroking his boy's head with a wet cloth.
text: His own body severely weakened from loss of blood.
text: He slumps in a chair.
text: Trying to fight the urge to sleep.
dialog: Sheer will keeping him awake.
text: He stares down at his boy.
dialog: And prays.
text: He tries one last time to wake his son.
dialog: 100
text: Lifting him on his chest.
text: Caleb's head lolls to one side.
text: Loy starts to weep.
text: His hands trembling.
text: The kitchen door cracks open.
text: Two small eyes peer up.
text: Loy snaps his eyes to the door.
text: Sarah starts to cry.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Daddy...
text: Loy lets his son back down on the table.
text: A rage reddening his features.
text: He turns his back on the boy.
text: Sarah rushes to his side.
text: Winding two arms around his leg.
text: Sobbing.
text: Loy scoops his daughter up in his arms.
text: Walks toward the back door.
text: And throws is open.
text: Taking a big gulp of the new morning air as a bolt of sunshine
text: falls in a clean stripe across the floor.
text: Hitting Caleb on the face.
text: He moans.
text: Loy and Sarah turn.
text: Their faces widen.
text: The farmboy clutches his face with his hands.
text: The sun hot on his skin.
text: Then something happens.
dialog: Nothing.
text: His skin isn't burning.
text: There is no smoke.
text: He slowly draws his hands away looking at them unhurt in the
dialog: light of day.
text: Slowly sitting up.
text: Staring into the daytime sky.
text: Blinking.
text: Hardly believing.
dialog: He's come home.
text: From the warmth seeping through his haggard features, he's been
dialog: away a long time.
text: His sister runs to his side.
text: Eyes wandering up to his.
text: His hand strokes her hair.
text: The two of them in the rising flood of sunshine.
text: Tears in his eyes.
text: Loy walks over.
text: Putting his hand on his son's shoulder.
dialog: Smiling.
text: Spent, wrung-out, but wearing a shiteating grin on his face.
dialog: 101
text: He pulls his son to him.
text: They share a hug.
text: Sunlight streaming in as it rises about the horizon out the open
dialog: door.
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - DAY
text: Dawn's early light.
text: The ROOSTER'S CROW carries across the lands like a bugle blown.
text: The farm awakening.
text: Skies clearing.
text: The screen door of the house CREAKS open.
text: Caleb walks out into the wide open world.
text: Unsure at first.
text: Squinting into the sunshine.
text: The very real daylight hitting his face.
text: Like he's never seen it before.
text: It's becoming more familiar by the moment.
text: The smell of grass and straw in the air.
text: The bright blue sky.
text: He embraces it all with his eyes.
text: The world that he grew up in returning to give him strength.
text: That strength washing over him.
dialog: The world so simple and clean.
dialog: And his, again.
text: He takes off his shirt as if meeting the daylight head on.
text: He winds his arm around his little sister.
text: She regards the unsinged, healing skin on his bare chest and
dialog: arms.
text: She worriedly runs her small fingers on the barely discernable
text: white marks of the healed shotgun wound scar tissue.
text: The farmboy looks down and sees the apprehension on the girl's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm okay, Sarah. I'll tell you what
dialog: happened one day. Just promise me
dialog: you won't ask till then.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: "Kay.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Let's go ride a horse.
text: He throws her atop his shoulders.
text: She giggles and kicks up her feet.
text: He smiles in the bathing sunshine.
dialog: 102
scene_heading: EXT. FIELDS - DAY
text: The sun is low.
text: The horse gnawing at the grass in the wide, open field.
text: Caleb and Sarah lie in one another's arms, fast asleep on the
dialog: ground.
dialog: Unaware of the time.
text: The farmboy's eyes drowsily open.
text: Focusing blurrily on the ghost of a moon visible in the blue day
dialog: sky.
text: Suddenly he sits up with a start.
text: A shiver running through him as he sees the sun is well on its
dialog: way down.
text: Day has become his friend now.
dialog: Night worse than his worst enemy.
text: Bringing more than mere darkness with it.
text: Night still a few hours off.
text: But the horizon is darkening.
text: Caleb squints in the distance.
text: There seems to be some sort of shadow on the horizonline.
text: The farmboy blinks and it is gone.
text: He picks up his little sister.
text: Frightened, he wakes her up and places her on the back of the
dialog: horse.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What's wrong, Caleb?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: It's getting dark, we gotta get home.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: We just do.
text: Caleb quickly heaves onto the horse.
text: Digging his heels into its flanks.
text: He and Sarah riding like wind toward the farm way, way, away.
text: The roof of the world losing its light.
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - DUSK
text: Dusk drops like stone.
text: The two stick figures on horseback gallop into the pen.
text: They dismount and get indoors fast as their feet will carry
dialog: them.
dialog: 103
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - FARMHOUSE - DUSK
text: Loy is standing by the stove.
dialog: Dinner cooking.
text: The smells seeming to rejuvinate him, although his appearance
text: remains weakened and worn down.
text: The screen door SLAMS.
text: Caleb and Sarah enter the room.
text: Loy smiles at the boy.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Why don't you set the table, Caleb?
text: Caleb smiles at the reassuring old ritual.
text: He opens the cupboard.
text: His eyes slip to the window as he takes the dishes down.
text: The light of day dying fast.
text: Loy catches his son's gaze.
dialog: Sees the apprehension.
text: Caleb is still.
dialog: Day blackening.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Caleb?
text: The farmboy shifts his eyes to his father.
dialog: Erasing the memory.
text: Thought being blocked out.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Cooling off some, huh? Almost feel
dialog: the fall comin' on.
text: A tension moves between father and son.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Days are getting shorter.
text: Caleb looks his father in the face.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Nights are getting longer...
text: He looks past Loy back to the window and the coming darkness.
text: A shiver runs through him.
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - NIGHT
text: The farm sits quietly on the lone flat land.
text: The last light of day winks on the horizon.
text: Then is gone.
dialog: 104
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - COLTON FARM - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: They all eat in silence.
text: An exchange of looks.
text: Caleb eating very slowly.
text: Sarah draining a glass of milk with a straw.
text: Then blowing bubbles.
text: Loy and Caleb look over.
text: She smiles up at them mischievously.
text: A breeze blows through the kitchen window.
text: The curtains flutter.
text: Sarah yawns.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm tired.
text: Her dinner almost completely devoured.
text: Loy looks over at his daughter with tired eyes.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Put your dishes in the sink. I'll be
dialog: up to read to you in a minute.
text: Sarah gathers up her plate in a small fist.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I want Caleb to read to me.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'll be up in a minute.
text: The little girl's face brightens.
text: She dumps her dish in the sink with a loud CLATTER.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Don't forget to brush your teeth.
text: Sarah groans audibly, taking the stairs two at a time.
text: A stronger wind blows through the window.
text: Caleb's eyes skate to the open windowframe.
text: he rises to his feet.
text: Crosses to the window and reaches out to close it.
text: Something catches his ear.
text: A faint SQUEAKING SOUND.
text: The swing on the porch.
text: He turns an eye to his father.
text: His father notices the anxiety on his son's face.
text: The farmboy tries to hide it.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Oughta oil that swing.
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: I'll wait.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Could use the air.
text: Loy nods.
dialog: Shrugs.
text: Drains his glass of milk.
text: As Caleb walks out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - COLTON FARM - NIGHT
text: Caleb cracks open the front door.
text: A slash of yellow light pours onto the wooden boards of the
dialog: porch.
text: He swings open the screen door.
text: The swing rocking back and forth on the rafters.
text: The girl sitting on it.
text: Waiting for him.
text: Mae's eyes like a clear, sunny summer sky.
text: The farmboy stands there.
text: Listening to his heart beat.
text: His face opens in a smile.
text: Her voice like a bell.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Hi, Caleb.
text: Caleb's soft brown eyes float over the girl's face.
text: She rises to her feet.
text: The swing becomes silent.
text: A cool breeze blows through the porch.
text: Mae starts to walk to Caleb.
text: The farmboy stiffens.
text: His blood starts to pump in his veins.
dialog: Hot.
text: He quivers at the sight of her.
text: She advances.
text: Caleb takes a step back.
text: Mae stops.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Caleb? What's wrong?
text: He can't take his eyes off her.
text: Something shatters across the farmboy's face.
text: His eyes becoming wet.
text: He grits his teeth.
text: Coming forward like a rush of air.
text: Gathering the girl tight in his arms.
text: She winds her hands around his neck.
dialog: 106
text: They hold onto one another as if for life's breath.
dialog: Reunited.
text: They stare into each other's eyes.
text: Her hand touches his.
text: She pulls her arm back like she was stung.
text: Wrestling away from him.
text: Her eyes stabbing into his face.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Your skin, it's warm!
text: She glances down at her hands that just withdrew from the touch.
text: Caleb swallows.
text: Takes a step toward the girl.
text: It's her turn to back.
text: Down the steps of the porch.
text: Onto the dirt driveway.
text: Her eyes blank, fixed on him.
text: Caleb remains on the edge of the porch.
text: Night long and black all around them.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I belong here... I miss you...
text: Mae's eyes are ice.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: What's it going to be, Caleb?
text: Caleb starts to speak.
text: Then stops.
text: The wind picks up force.
text: Mae takes one last look at him.
text: She spins on her heels.
text: And moves off into the night.
text: A ferocity carrying her limbs out of sight.
text: Caleb lifts his head to the sky.
text: Pinching his eyes closed.
text: Opening his mouth.
text: And screaming her name.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: MAE!!!
dialog: To deaf ears.
text: Eyes straining into the blackness.
text: The girl is long gone.
text: On the empty fields, only the CHANTING WHIRR of insects.
text: Caleb turns back to the house and walks with heavy steps.
text: He rips open the screen door.
text: And goes inside.
dialog: 107
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Loy is nursing a cup of coffee on the couch and reading the
dialog: paper.
text: A radio plays softly on the counter.
text: He lifts his head to his son with a gentle smile.
text: Sees the anguish in Caleb's eyes.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Caleb?
text: Caleb crosses to him and puts his hand affectionately on his old
text: man's tired shoulder.
text: Torn in two but keeping it inside.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: How you feelin', Dad?
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Nothin' a day or two's takin' it easy
dialog: won't remedy. How you doin'?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm going to bed.
text: Loy starts to ask.
text: Then lets it go.
text: Caleb heads for the stairs.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Get a good night's sleep, son. You
dialog: could use it.
text: The farmboy stops at the stairs.
text: Looks over his shoulder with a lengthening smile.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: It's good to be home.
text: The father smiles firm.
speaker_heading: LOY
dialog: Good to have you home.
text: Caleb goes up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Caleb pauses in front of Sarah's door and gives a small knock.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Sarah, you ready for bed?
dialog: 108
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Sarah?
dialog: Silence.
text: Caleb tightens.
text: Slamming his palm flat against the door and shoving it open.
text: A cool breeze hits him in the face like a fist.
text: The window wide open.
text: Curtains blowing wildly.
text: In the empty room.
speaker_heading: CALEB
speaker_heading: SARAH!
text: Caleb's eyes race to the window and beyond.
text: The town of Fix, Oklahoma glittering in the distance.
dialog: And then
dialog: one by one
dialog: the lights of the town
dialog: begin to go off
text: A last one winks.
dialog: And goes out.
text: The wind comes in through the open window.
text: Something mythic on the wings of the wind.
text: Caleb Colton stands by the window, staring out.
text: His hair and clothes blown about.
text: His eyes riveted on the black shadow of the town of Fix against
dialog: the night skies.
text: Those who have taken his sister are there.
text: He knows he must face them.
text: His eyes hard.
text: His face firming in resolve.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - COLTON FARM - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Caleb runs from the Ford Pickup to the Chevy.
text: All tires have been slashed.
text: The farmboy punches the side of the vehicle.
text: Taking off for the animal pens as fast as his feet will carry
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. HORSE PEN - COLTON FARM - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Caleb flings the saddle atop Diesel.
text: Quickly buckling up the cinch.
text: Putting the bridle over the horse's head.
text: Grabbing a fistful of reins and hurling himself onto the
text: animal's back.
text: As if sensing the urgency, Diesel takes off like a shot into the
dialog: night.
dialog: 109
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Loy is sound asleep on the couch.
text: Out the window, the black horse and its rider disappear into the
dialog: night.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Caleb gallops on the soft shoulder running beside the two-lane
text: blacktop.
text: The darkened town of Fix lying in wait in the distance.
text: Diesel's hooves pound the dirt.
text: A gigantic full moon spotlights the town of Fix.
text: In a dead black swirl of sky.
text: The stars have been blown out.
text: The luminescence glints off Caleb's iron eyes as he THUNDERS
text: down the road on the back of his steed.
scene_heading: EXT. FIX - NIGHT
text: A lone figure of the boy on horseback slows to a trot.
text: Going past the sign of the town line.
text: Caleb gives a flick on the reins.
text: The horse walks down the street.
text: Past the closed down burger joint.
text: Diesel's shadow passes across the silent and still Tasty Freeze.
text: Trotting on.
text: Caleb alert and aware, riding loose limbed, coiled for action.
text: Eyes moving left and right.
dialog: Seeing nothing.
text: The hooves on the asphalt.
text: The animal snorting.
dialog: Silence so strong you could read by it.
text: The whole little town deathly deserted.
text: Like the boy is the last person in the world.
text: Gathering the reins as he passes the Mini-Market and the
dialog: Sheriff's station.
dialog: All closed.
text: Caleb thinks he hears something.
text: The horse shies.
text: A blur of action.
text: The animal rears.
text: Severen Van Sickle connects a steamshovel roundhouse punch to
text: the side of the animal's head.
text: The horse is knocked cold.
text: It collapses in a heap.
text: Hurling the farmboy head over heels onto the hard blacktop.
text: The Savage One hikes across the asphalt.
text: A single SPUR JINGLING.
text: Wearing a big old grin.
text: Caleb is now human and the fall hurt.
text: It takes him a while to get to his hands and knees.
dialog: 110
text: When he looks up, there's Severen standing over him.
text: Holding out his hand real friendly like.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Your horse fell down.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Where's my little sister, Severen?
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: Lemme give you a hand, ol' buddy.
text: Severen grabs Caleb's hand and gives him a pull.
dialog: Full strength.
text: Hurling him over his shoulder twenty feet through the air.
text: Caleb comes down with a loud noise on the pavement.
text: His single SPUR grinds against the tarmac in a shower of sparks.
text: The wind really knocked out of him.
text: Severen smiles.
text: Spitting on his fingers.
text: Pointing one of them.
speaker_heading: SEVEREN
dialog: You got one of two choices, you come
dialog: back with us or you don't come back.
text: Caleb sees the rangy, sinewy cowboy coming at him.
text: A laconic stride down the deserted strip of road.
text: His SPUR RINGING through the shut down town.
text: The farmboy hears an ENGINE THUNDER in the other direction in
dialog: the distance.
text: Big, big headlights.
text: A KENWORTH EIGHTEEN WHEELER tractor trailer rig is coming down
text: Main Street on its way to the highway.
text: Caleb jumps to his feet and tears off for the vehicle.
text: Standing directly in its onrushing path.
text: It HONKS its HORN.
text: Caleb flags his arms.
text: The gigantic truck BRAKES to a halt in a HISS of AIR and
text: GRINDING GEARS.
text: The farmboy clambers up on the passenger side.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - KENWORTH EIGHTEEN WHEELER - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Caleb throws open the door and climbs anxiously in.
text: He is sitting beside a big, built for diesel REDNECK TRUCKER.
text: Giving the boy one heck of a serious look.
speaker_heading: REDNECK TRUCKER
dialog: Git the fuck outa my truck.
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Get going before we get killed!
dialog: Believe me!
speaker_heading: REDNECK TRUCKER
dialog: Gonna give you to the count of five.
dialog: One... Two... Four...
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Sorry 'bout this.
text: The farmboy hits the redneck trucker in the face.
text: Knocking him cold.
text: He throws open the driver's door and pushes him out of the cab.
text: Edging over behind the wheel.
text: Wide eyed at the mind-boggling array of gears and controls.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm not going to be able to drive
dialog: this truck...
text: Caleb looks out the windshield.
text: Severen is approaching the front end of the truck.
text: Bright as a beacon in the headlight beams.
text: His expression calm and incredibly cold.
dialog: Like if he gets his hands on the truck he'll turn it upside
dialog: down.
text: Caleb does a fast study of the truck's control panel.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm going to be able to drive this
dialog: truck.
text: He puts one hand on the steering wheel.
text: Throws the shift.
text: He steps on the gas.
text: The ENGINE SURGES.
text: The truck lurches forward.
text: Lunging like a fifteen foot high, eighteen-wheeler behemoth.
scene_heading: EXT. KENWORTH EIGHTEEN WHEELER - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Severen tries to duck out of the way.
text: The titanic front grill and bumper bash into him.
text: Knocking him off balance.
text: Twenty tons of truck draggin him under the wheels.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - KENWORTH EIGHTEEN WHEELER - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Caleb grits his teeth.
text: Taking his foot off the gas.
dialog: 112
text: Scared spitless behind the gigantic machine he is trying to
text: restrain like breaking a wild mustang.
text: It tools treacherously and powerfully down the darkened road
dialog: through town.
text: His eyes level through the windshield at the hood of the truck.
text: The ENGINE RAGING in the night.
text: Severen's head abruptly sticks up over the hood.
text: Half of his face raked with tire tread marks.
text: One of his steel sinewed hands comes smashing onto the hood with
text: such force his fingers put holes in it.
text: Caleb gasps.
text: Trying to maintain his control on the steering wheel.
text: Severen singlehandedly rips the hood off.
text: Exposing the titanic 12 cylinder motor.
text: The Savage One begins to shear off pieces of the engine.
text: Showers of sparks.
text: Spewing gas.
dialog: Electrical shorts.
text: Severen puts his fist through the motorworks.
text: Ripping out a handful of gears and cylinders amid geysers of oil
text: spraying the windshield.
text: The ENGINE HOWLS and SHRIEKS.
text: The Eighteen Wheeler is giving up the ghost.
text: Caleb sees the truck is about to stall.
text: Severen is halfway onto the hood and is attempting to bust his
text: fist through the windshield.
text: The farmboy knows he is about out of time.
text: His hand goes to the twin brakes for the cab and trailer.
text: His eyes harden.
text: His other hand opens the driver's door.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: ...Jackknife.
text: Colton throws the brake for the cab.
text: SCREAM of STEEL on STEEL.
text: The cab jarring.
text: Caleb leaps out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. KENWORTH EIGHTEEN WHEELER - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The farmboy goes jumping out onto the roadbed.
text: Rolling head over heels a few times.
text: Then he looks up.
dialog: And sees it.
text: Severen clinging to the cab as it skids to a complete stop.
text: The trailer it is carrying continues to travel at 40 MPH.
text: Colliding with the cab.
text: Crumpling it like an accordian.
text: The air TORN with the EAR-SPLITTING COLLISION.
text: The truck crushes like a tin can.
text: EXPLODES into a million pieces.
dialog: 113
text: Spreading the remains of Severen Van Sickle across half the
dialog: state.
text: Caleb rises to his feet.
text: The rowel of the Savage One's silver spur flips in the air end
text: over end, dropping down on the tarmac, spinning on the ground
text: like a nickel.
text: Caleb flips it like a coin and sticks it in his back pocket.
text: His awed face framed with flames.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: The fires burn down.
text: Smoke fanned and thinned by passing WINDS.
text: Caleb raises his head.
text: Looks out beyond the smouldering wreckage.
text: Through the smoke.
text: Down the darkened street, silhouetted by a pair of headlights of
text: an idling station wagon, stand Jesse, Diamondback, and Mae.
text: They are standing side by side and facing the straw haired
dialog: farmboy.
text: Caleb takes a deep breath, closing his fists at his sides.
text: Jesse's eyes blacken as they land on Caleb's face.
text: A rage passes behind his eyes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You fucked us up again.
text: Caleb's voice vibrates off the buildings.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: WHERE'S MY SISTER, JESS?!
text: Jesse's lips curl in a sneer.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I'm gonna hafta kill ya a few times.
text: Caleb stares at the row of faces.
dialog: Moving from Jesse to Diamondback.
speaker_heading: DIAMONDBACK
dialog: Your sister for Severen.
speaker_heading: CALEB
text: MY SISTER'S GOT NOTHING TO DO WITH
dialog: THIS!! IT'S BETWEEN US!! LET HER
dialog: GO!!
text: He turns a desperate eye on Mae.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: MAE??! !
dialog: 114
text: Mae whirls on Jesse with a fierceness in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: Jesse, let him come back!
text: The silvered hair ripples with a slight toss of his head.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Too late for that, Mae.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: WHERE'S MY SISTER???!!!
text: Suddenly the hi-beams pop on on the Station Wagon.
text: Caleb's eyes dart to the vehicle.
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - NIGHT
text: Sarah takes her fingers away from the hi-beam switch.
text: Turns her tear soaked face to Homer.
text: Who is crawling over the front seat.
text: Trying his level best to be charming.
speaker_heading: HOMER
dialog: Sarah, everything's gonna be okay.
dialog: Don't be scared.
text: The Little One pins the little girl down in the seat.
text: She makes like she likes him for a minute.
text: Curling her hand around a large flashlight on the dashboard.
text: Homer smiles lovingly as he inches forward.
text: he wraps his hand over Sarah's wrist.
text: And bears down.
dialog: Happily.
text: She gulps.
text: Homer's face drifts toward hers.
text: His lips curling back in a smile.
text: His teeth near her neck.
text: Sarah quakes.
text: Tears streaming down her cheeks.
text: Fear paralyzing her.
text: The little boy starts to fasten on her neck.
text: His eyes close.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Caleb's face turns leathery.
text: He moves on Jesse.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'm takin' her back.
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Sure you will.
text: The Silvered One smiles.
text: Watching the stark form of Diamondback appear behind Caleb's
dialog: back.
text: Quietly dropping the pearl handled blade out of her cuff into
dialog: her hand.
dialog: Raiseing it to throw.
text: Jesse silences Mae with a hand over her face.
text: Caleb keeps coming on.
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - NIGHT
text: Sarah clubs Homer over the head with the flashlight.
text: A startled Homer breaks his grip for an instant.
text: In that instant, Sarah rips open the Station Wagon door and
text: tears outside.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Caleb almost has his hands on Jesse.
text: Diamondback raises the blade behind her head.
text: Mae is too scared to speak.
text: The car door bursts open and the little girl runs wildly down
dialog: the street.
text: The farmboy spots her.
text: She spots Diamondback in the nick of time.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Caleb!!! Look out!!!
dialog: Caleb ducks.
text: Diamondback throws the knife.
text: It plunges through the air.
text: Imbedding in Jesse's face.
text: The Pale One gasps.
text: The Silvered One snarls in anger, pulling out the blade.
text: Caleb dives through the burning wreckage of the truck to sweep
text: his baby sister up in his arms and carry her off into the night.
text: Jesse takes one handed aim on their fleeing figures with the
dialog: Colt Peacemaker.
text: Finger closing on the trigger.
text: Mae knocks into him as the gun GOES OFF.
text: Bullet hitting air.
text: The Silvered One whirls on the girl in a red-faced rage.
text: She averts her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. FLATLANDS - NIGHT
text: Caleb takes off into the flatlands that surround the town.
dialog: 116
text: Sarah in his arms with her own arms wrapped around his neck.
text: Burying her scared face in his chest.
text: Full moon high and mighty.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Jesse squints into the fields and sees them hurrying off.
text: He bounds to the Station Wagon and shoves Diamondback in
text: alongside Homer.
text: Mae stands alone on the road.
text: Her face a maze of emotions.
text: The Silvered One slides behind the wheel and REVS on the ENGINE.
text: HONKS the HORN.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: MAE!!!
text: She hesitates.
text: Her eyes spill with tears as she ducks into the car.
text: It takes off in a SCREECH of TIRES.
text: Rocketing off the road.
scene_heading: EXT. FLATLANDS - NIGHT
text: The distant frantic YIPPING of coyotes.
text: Tall grasses bending in the wind.
text: Dust trailing up beneath Caleb's footsteps as he plunders
dialog: forward.
text: A flat black twist of sky that shows signs of paling at the
dialog: edges.
text: Sarah is tight in his arms.
text: His breathing in loud gasps.
text: He gulps air.
text: The terrain dipping and rising.
text: Holes and ruts.
dialog: He trips.
text: Falling face first in the dirt.
text: Sarah goes sprawling to the ground in a heap.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Keep running!
text: Sarah races off.
text: Caleb scrambles to his feet.
text: A shattering pain in his leg.
text: He clutches his ankle.
text: Watching the little girl go.
text: Moonlight glistening on her shiny blonde hair as it flows in the
text: air with her flight.
text: The farmboy staggers after her.
dialog: 117
text: Losing sight of her in the darkness of night.
scene_heading: EXT. STATION WAGON - FLATLANDS - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The vehicle pitches and leaps over the rough land.
text: Two white cones of light floating over the ground.
text: Dust rising in the headlights.
text: Then the figure of a small girl.
dialog: Running.
text: Smack into the light.
text: Suddenly stopping.
text: Pinned in the lights.
scene_heading: EXT. FLATLANDS - NIGHT
text: Caleb, running with a limp, scans the blackened land.
text: He forages ahead.
text: Listening to a lone shrill cry beneath a slowly brightening sky.
speaker_heading: SARAH (0.S.)
speaker_heading: CALEB!
text: Caleb swings his head around.
text: Sees a pair of red taillights streaking toward the highway in
dialog: the distance.
text: His face explodes in a bloodthirsty scream.
speaker_heading: CALEB
speaker_heading: NOOOO0000000! ! !
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - PRE-DAWN
text: Jesse's hands tighten around the wheel as he accelerates toward
dialog: the road.
text: Diamondback glances toward the back seat.
text: Homer hugs a struggling breathless Sarah to his chest.
text: Face beaming.
text: Mae turns her eys to the back window.
text: Jesse's gaze flits to the sky.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: We'll take care of him later. No
dialog: time now.
text: He steers the vehicle up over the last of the fields and out
text: onto the tarmac.
text: The Wagon picks up speed.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - PRE-DAWN
text: Caleb lurches onto the highway.
dialog: 118
text: In a dead run.
text: Mouth sucking air.
text: Feet pounding the pavement.
text: The taillights moving steadily down the blacktop.
text: He looks up at the sky.
text: Growing paler by the minute.
text: He shakes his fists at the coming day as if beckoning it forth.
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - PRE-DAWN
text: Mae's eyes still holding out the back window.
text: She sees the speck that is Caleb running after them.
text: Rapidly receding.
text: An agony races behind her gaze.
text: She glances over at Sarah.
text: Homer holding a hand over the little girl's mouth and pushing
text: the hair from the sun warmed skin of her neck.
text: Mae turns back to the window.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - PRE-DAWN
text: Streaks of light bleaching the sky.
text: Caleb scrambling along the blacktop and broken white lines.
text: Running full steam ahead after the speeding Station Wagon.
text: Lungs almost bursting.
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - PRE-DAWN
text: Jesse looks worried as he eyes the sky.
text: Mae returns her sight to Caleb, a mere spot on the road.
text: Something in her erupts.
text: She leaps out of her seat.
text: Ripping Sarah from Homer's grasp.
text: Scrambling over the backseat.
text: Smashing her arm into the back window.
text: Glass spiderwebbing.
text: She dives out of the moving vehicle with the little girl in her
dialog: arms.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAWN
dialog: Sunrise.
text: Mae slams onto the pavement.
text: Shielding Sarah from the impact with her body.
text: The Station Wagon brakes in an ear-splitting SCREECH of TIRES.
text: Mae and Sarah claw to their feet and start to run to Caleb.
text: Sunlight beginning to singe Mae's skin.
text: Caleb's face widens in an unbelieving stare.
text: He takes off for them as fast as his feet will carry him.
text: Lungs bleeding.
text: Mae and Sarah putting some yardage between them and the Wagon.
dialog: 119
text: Caleb getting close.
text: From out of the rear window of the Station Wagon, Homer appears.
text: Leaping onto the pavement and breaking into a dead run.
text: Skin beginning to smoke.
text: Mae's skin starting to smoke.
text: Her eyes starting to close.
text: Her feet staggering along the asphalt.
text: The sun cresting the rim of the world.
text: A wall of light like a blazing wave.
text: Her eyes roll up in their sockets.
text: Sarah scampers with all her strength toward her approaching
dialog: brother.
text: Homer overtakes Mae, screaming in anguish.
text: His hands stretch out to snatch Sarah.
text: Shimmering rays of sun alighting on his body.
text: Igniting like the head of a match.
text: The sparks licking into the air.
text: Then dissolving into pure ash.
text: Inches away from the little girl.
text: As she throws her arms around her brother.
text: And he sweeps her up in his own.
text: Mae is smoking in the sun.
text: Her legs give out from under her.
text: She collapses on the pavement.
text: Caleb throws off his jacket and dives on top of her with it.
text: Using his coat and his body to completely shield her from the
dialog: sun.
text: Stroking her hair with his hand.
dialog: Shushing her.
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - DAWN
text: Light streaking the windshield.
text: Diamondback covering her face with a blanket.
text: Jesse letting his skin blacken as his face grows steadily grim.
text: He cranks the wheel savagely, turning the vehicle around.
text: Slamming his foot down on the accelerator.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAWN
text: Sarah buries her eyes in her hands at the sight of Homer.
text: Caleb adjusts himself so that he covers every bit of Mae's body.
text: Tucking his jacket around her face and kissing her hair.
text: An ENGINE NOISE makes him lift his head.
text: He looks into the nose of the Station Wagon bearing down on him.
dialog: He sucks wind.
text: Shouts to his sister.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Sarah, get out of the way!
dialog: 120
text: She backs onto the road shoulder, panic in her eyes.
text: Caleb stares into the windshield of the Wagon.
text: And locks eyes with the silver haired driver.
text: A venom passes between that look.
text: The sun rising in the sky.
text: Heating up the blacktop.
text: Caleb folds his arms around the still body of Mae on the ground.
text: A single tear drops to the dust.
text: The light grows bright.
text: Day has arrived.
text: Caleb stares steel into the Silvered One's eyes through the
text: sunshiney windshield.
text: The Wagon nears.
text: Sarah screams.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Roast...!
text: The daylight, like a nuclear afterburn, ripping through the
text: transparent windshield.
text: Hitting Jesse square in the chest.
text: A fire begins to glow in the driver's seat.
text: A fire that was Jesse Hooker.
text: The Station Wagon blows to smithereens.
text: A silence falls.
text: The lone road stretching for miles and miles.
text: Sunlight rising up over the land.
text: A shaken farmboy huddles on top of the young girl in the middle
dialog: of the road.
text: A little girl comes over and cries into her big brother's arms.
text: A small fire burns beside a larger fire.
text: Smoke curling up.
text: A gentle breeze blowing down.
text: THE SCREEN SLOWLY FADES TO COMPLETE BLACKNESS.
text: NOTHING BUT DARK.
scene_heading: INT. VETERINARIAN OPERATING ROOM - COLTON FARM - DAY
dialog: 
text: Blinding eruption of blazing daylight.
text: A pair of hands have thrown open the shutters.
text: The sun so high in the sky splashing the room with light.
text: Caleb stands aside, anxiously watching someone on the table.
text: Mae is spread out.
text: The blood transfusion apparatus rising above her.
text: A bandage on her arm.
text: The weakened, wearied farmboy fingers a bandage on his own arm.
text: Sarah and Loy stand by, waiting.
text: Caleb walks over to the girl and lightly shakes her.
text: After a moment her eyes open.
text: She sees the sun staring her in the face.
dialog: 121
text: She cries out.
text: Mae grabs onto Caleb's shirt and clings to him desperately.
text: Then she realizes.
text: She isn't burning.
text: Her eyes jump to Caleb's.
text: The farmboy gives his sister and his father a smile.
text: He hugs his girl to him.
text: Her breathless whisper in his ear.
speaker_heading: MAE
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I'll show you.
text: He takes her by the hand.
text: Mae blinks with the attitude of a newborn infant.
text: Not believing she is still alive in the face of the sun.
text: Getting off the table, she walks with Caleb to the window and
dialog: stands.
text: Gazing out in wonderment at the sprawling fields and sunny
dialog: flatlands.
text: The bruises and welts on her face are beginning to heal.
text: There is a tear in her eye as she looks over to Caleb.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: C'mon outside.
text: She goes with him out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. COLTON FARM - DAY
text: A wall of sunlight on the pastoral fields at high noon.
text: The animals in the pens.
text: Dogs scampering about.
text: Caleb walks through the fields with Mae on his arm.
text: She just starts giggling.
text: Looking around her.
text: Smelling the fresh air.
text: Seeing all the daytime farm sights.
text: Caleb puts his arm around her.
dialog: He's been there.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Kinda nice, huh?
text: They lean back against a fence.
text: Their eyes meet.
dialog: And their lips.
text: A loving embrace.
text: Long and warm.
dialog: 122
text: The farmhouse small behind them.
text: The front door opening.
text: Somebody small, smiling out.
text: Sarah taking off in a dead run for her brother.
text: Beneath the bright sun in a talcum blue sky.
text: She yelps.
text: Jumps back inside.
text: Recoiling into the cooling darkness of the farmhouse.
text: Looking at the wisp of smoke rising from the skin of her arm.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
