dialog: Neuromancer
dialog: screenplay by
dialog: William Gibson
dialog: screenplay dates range between 18/5/90 and 21/5/90
text: taken from paper to data by Greg Beams.
text: The screen is black. Ultra-violet print scrolls out the following information:
dialog: By the year 2015 cash transactions had become virtually obsolete. Worldwide
dialog: commerce and communication was run through the MATRIX, a vast international
text: network of unified computer systems.
dialog: A consortium of powerful multi-national corporations maintained control of the
text: Matrix through their private police organisation, SENSE/NET SECURITY INC.
dialog: Corporate interests were protected at all costs.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: A MAN and WOMAN sleep peacefully in the sunken bedroom of an upscale Boston
text: townhouse in the near future. The plush decor is tasteful, but indulgent.
text: Sharper Image meets 2015. A small digital hologram floats in mid air beside the
dialog: bed; 2:05 a.m.
scene_heading: CAMERA BOOMS DOWN
text: Revealing the man, CASE, in C.U....Early thirties. Fine features. There is a
text: tension about him even at rest. LINDA LEE, the young woman curled up beside him
text: has a soft natural beauty that's enhanced by the innocence of sleep.
text: Case's eyes flash open...He senses something wrong.
text: There is a subtle CLICK from across the open living room.
text: Suddenly there's a deafening EXPLOSION as the front door is blown off its
text: hinges. A black hexagon the size of a baseball is lobbed into the room.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Reacts instantly, pulling Linda Lee to the floor.
speaker_heading: THE HEXAGON
text: Ignites with a flash of white-hot magnesium fire. It emits a continuous blinding
text: flare that permeates the room.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Blinded by the flare, frantically pulls open a bedside drawer and fumbles for
text: his gun.
speaker_heading: THE DOOR
text: Two heavily armed SENSE/NET POLICEMEN kick their way through the smoking remains
text: of the door. Pitch black welders' goggles protect their eyes from the glare as
text: they charge into the room.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Is mercilessly beaten to his knees by the policemen's electrified shock staves.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
text: Makes a break for it, but she's backhanded by Policeman #1 and recoils against
text: the wall.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE DOOR
text: A gaunt, foreboding looking MAN in a long great coat now enters. His pale clean
text: shaven head and angular features give him a skull like appearance as he gazes
text: through the blue-white glare with obsidian goggles. He regards the semi-
text: conscious Case for a moment then nods to his men.
text: Two Policemen sweep glassware of an oversized coffee table, slam Case down on
text: top of it and slap plastic restraints on his wrists and ankles.
text: The other Policemen begin a destructive search of the townhouse.
text: The PALE MAN looms over Case like the Angel of Death, a dark form framed against
text: flickering shafts of incendiary light. His voice is an icy whisper.
speaker_heading: PALE MAN
dialog: Nice place, Mr. Case. Industrial espionage must be paying well these days.
text: Case speaks through bloody lips.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Let's see your warrant.
speaker_heading: PALE MAN
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Oh, we're not arresting you. The law books haven't quite caught up with your
dialog: technology. Breaking
text: into the computer matrix by cerebral projection... that's a little tough to
dialog: prosecute, don't you think?
text: On the other side of the room, a Policeman smashes open a false front bookshelf
text: revealing an impressive array of customised gear. A tiara-like headset rests on
text: a bust of Socrates.
speaker_heading: SENSE/NET POLICEMAN
dialog: Lieutenant...
speaker_heading: PALE MAN
dialog: That's it, gentlemen.
text: The police begin to destroy the gear with the enthusiasm of prohibitionists at a
text: moonshine still.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I've got money...
speaker_heading: PALE MAN
dialog: Not anymore. You've burned at least three multinational corporations, Mr. Case.
dialog: You're getting a little too good at your craft, my friend. That's bad for
dialog: business. Bad for everybody.
text: The Pale Man withdraws a glittering hypodermic from a silver case.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: PALE MAN
dialog: Your retirement plan.
text: He jams the needle into the artery on cases forearm and drives the plunger home.
text: Case's body convulses as the mycotoxin surges through his veins.
text: The Pale Man turns to Linda Lee.
speaker_heading: PALE MAN (CONT.)
dialog: He'll be hallucinating for... oh, about fifteen hours.
text: He pats her on the cheek
speaker_heading: PALE MAN (CONT.)
dialog: What's left after that is all yours.
speaker_heading: HIGH ANGLE
text: CAMERA BOOMS DOWN onto the spread eagled Case, surrounded by his enemies. He
text: screams as the mycotoxin hits his nervous system like a runaway freight train.
text: His dilated eyes flash open, staring into a hallucinatory hell. BOOM DOWN
text: continues straight through the glistening black hole of his pupil and on into a
text: chilling inner void.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: MAIN TITLE SEQUENCE
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHIBA CITY, JAPAN - NIGHT
text: A crowded commercial ghetto in the Ginzu district of Japan; a garish strip of
text: bars, liquor stores, and cometic surgery parlours. The ragtag crowd of hustlers
text: and tourists wear rough trade street fashions with the added kink of punk
dialog: influenced elective surgery...notched ears and *idless eyeballs...added strictly
text: for shock value. The holographic adverts hanging like neon ghosts in the night
dialog: sky remind us this is the future. A grim future indeed.
speaker_heading: SUPERIMPOSE:
speaker_heading: CHIBA CITY, JAPAN
scene_heading: ONE YEAR LATER
scene_heading: INT. CHATSUBO BAR
text: We are hit by a solid wall of ROCK MUSIC and BAR NOISE. The Chatsubo is one of
dialog: the roughest dives on the Ginzu and the only place in town where you're likely
text: to meet an American or European as an Oriental. RATZ, a broad-shouldered,
text: leather faced Bartender with an articulated prosthetic arm serves the crush of
text: patrons as he casually passes through holograms for Tsing Toa and Kirin Beer.
text: Case sits at a table in the far corner talking to two Japanese businessmen. He
text: looks the worse for wear, rumpled, unshaven and ten pounds lighter. It's been a
dialog: rough year.
text: He chain smokes through Yeheyuan cigarettes as he speaks to the ancient DR.
text: KIYOTO through his rotund interpreter MR. TENSHU. A grubby folder containing CAT
text: Scan transparencies lies open on the tabletop before them.
speaker_heading: TENSHU
dialog: Dr. Kiyoto say scan reveal many secrets. You suffer serious damage to nervous
dialog: system. Someone play bad trick on you.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Yeah, I know all that. I used to be a wire man, understand? Plugged straight
text: into the matrix.
text: Tenshu translates and Kiyoto replies.
speaker_heading: TENSHU
dialog: No longer possible for your mind to enter matrix. Nervous system incompatible
dialog: for computer. You try again, you fry like egg.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Everyone says Dr. Kiyoto is the best nerve splicer in all the black clinics.
speaker_heading: TENSHU
dialog: Nerve splice very risky. Dr Kiyoto now
dialog: ******
text: Dr. Kiyoto makes further comment in Japanese.
speaker_heading: TENSHU (CONT.)
dialog: He say he admires your bone structure. You make beautiful woman. We correct
dialog: nature's mistake.
text: Kiyoto smiles at Case, flashing huge synthetic ultra white teeth framed by
text: horrible grey gums.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (downs his drink)
dialog: Tell him no thanks. I got lousy legs.
text: Case rises and heads for the bar. Ratz pours him a shot of Japanese vodka as he
text: pulls up a stool.
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: Ah, Herr Case. And how is the artiste tonight?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Fine, Ratz. Thanks.
text: A boozy tattooed hooker looks up from her drink, impressed.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Oh, you're an artist? I love artists.
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: He was once the artiste of light-fingered microchippery, my dear. Need your
dialog: credit rating changed? Interested in a few corporate secrets? Case was the man.
dialog: Now he is the artiste of the slightly funny deal. Isn't that right, Herr Case?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Sure. Someone's gotta be funny around here.
text: Case pops two tiny blue pills and washes them down with the vodka. Ratz refills
text: his glass.
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: I saw your girl yesterday.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I don't have a girl.
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: No girl? Only biz, my dear artiste?
text: Case lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: RATZ (CONT.)
dialog: Too bad. I likes you better with her. Now, sometime you get maybe to artistic;
dialog: you wind up in the clinic tanks, spare parts.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: You're pleasant tonight.
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: (bows)
dialog: Always...By the way, you know that girlfriend you don't have?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Ratz nods. Case turns, following his gaze.
text: Linda Lee stands in the doorway, dressed in French fatigues and sneakers.
text: There's still a warmth and beauty about her that shines through the hard edge of
text: a year of disappointments in Chiba City.
text: Case makes his way through the crowd. He's gentle with her... there's still a
dialog: love between them.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
dialog: Hello, Case.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I thought you already left.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
dialog: Flight's in the morning. You should be on it, too. There's nothing for us here,
dialog: Case. There never was.
dialog: To Case, it's an old battle not worth fighting.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Why did you come here tonight, Linda?
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
dialog: People are talking. They say the Yakuza has a contract out on you.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I hear that shit once a week. Don't worry. Jo Jo Bao loves me.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
text: This time it's different. Someone ripped of a shipment of hallucinogens. Five
text: grams of liquid ketamine. It was supposed to be Jo Jo's score.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Where did you here that?
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
dialog: Too many places. You're playing tag wish some kind of death wish, Case.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sorry but I'm not sticking around for the funeral.
text: She hesitates...then kisses him on the cheek, turns and disappears into the
dialog: night.
text: Case takes a last pull on his cigarette, then observes his hand. His fingers are
text: shaking. He flicks the butt away.
scene_heading: EXT. JULIUS DEANE IMPORT-EXPORT
text: A dingy commercial building wedged between a strip joint and a digital tape
text: store. Case takes the rickety stairway up three steps at a time. He bursts
text: through a door under the worn sign: "Julius Deane Import-Export"
text: A dark rosewood office crowded with expensive European furniture, and stacks of
text: white fibreglass shipping modules. Several CATS lounge about in the shadows.
text: DEANE, an obese but extremely well groomed man, sits quietly at his desk just
text: outside the small circle of light thrown by a brass lamp. One of his cats is
text: perched casually on his shoulder. A thick Cuban cigar smoulders between his
text: stubby fingers.
text: Case storms into the room, sending hissing cats scrambling out of the way.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: You stupid, stupid, son of a bitch. That was supposed to be a clean score!
dialog: You've got me fencing Yakuza goods on Yakuza turf...
scene_heading: C.U. - DEANE'S HAND
text: A large white ash tumbles from Deane's cigars. His hand remains motionless.
speaker_heading: ON CASE
text: As he reacts. We hear the soft sound of a cat licking.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
text: With Case as he rushes to the desk and flips the lamp shade up onto...
speaker_heading: DEANE'S FACE
text: Illuminated for the first time. The cat perched on his shoulder is lapping at a
text: crimson knife wound bisecting his windpipe.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Steps back, horrified.
speaker_heading: THE DESK
text: Deane's right hand is frozen on the blood splattered keyboard of his compact
text: computer terminal. The small screen is scrolling off a single cryptic word
dialog: repeated ad infinitum:
dialog: Wintermute
dialog: Wintermute
dialog: Wintermute
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Hastily flips the light off and crosses to the window.
speaker_heading: CASE'S P.O.V.
text: Two stocky JAPANESE MEN stand just beyond the orange glow of a quartz halogen
text: street light, gazing back up at Case. Yakuza. They start across the street,
text: heading for the building.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Releases the curtain and runs a hand through his tousled hair.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Shit...
text: He looks back at Julius Deane.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: We've been set up, old buddy.
text: Case rummages through Deane's coat rack until he finds an old fashioned .38 in
text: an ancient cracked leather shoulder holster. He flips the barrel open. There's
dialog: only one round in the chamber. It'll have to do.
text: Case jams the gun in his belt and pushes a button on Deane's desk. A section of
text: panelled wall pops open, revealing a hidden exit. He takes a last look at his
dialog: former partner.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: So long, Julie. Don't forget to feed the cats.
speaker_heading: NINSEI STREETS
text: Case rushes through the Saturday night street crowd, past Yakitori stands and
dialog: massage parlours.
text: A Japanese ELVIS IMPERSONATOR sends his eerie rendition of "Heartbreak Hotel"
text: echoing down the Ninsei. Case checks his back.
text: The two Yakuza heavies are searching the crowd half a block away. A third
text: gangster the size of a boxcar joins them.
text: Case backs into the doorway of a surgery parlour as he checks the other
dialog: direction.
text: A dangerous looking WOMAN IN BLACK wearing mirror shades is heading towards
text: Case. She reaches inside her black leather jacket and loosens her shoulder
text: holster as she scans the crowd.
text: Case ducks just past a group of RUSSIAN SAILORS, and cuts across the street,
text: just past a MESSENGER on a motorised tricycle.
text: The Yakuza spot him and push their way through the crowd.
text: Case ducks into the garishly decorated doorway of an arcade.
scene_heading: INT. ARCADE.
text: A deafening cacophony of ARCADE SOUNDS echoes throughout the darkened room as
text: lifelike holograms do battle under the guidance of customers at gaming consoles.
text: As Case enters, a holographic fireball from Tank War Europa briefly illuminates
dialog: the room.
text: The three Yakuzas burst through the doors and begin to search the room.
text: Case grabs an Armed Guard by the shoulder.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: There's going to be trouble. Get your security over here...
text: The guard is suddenly jerked out of Case's grasp from the impact of an azide
text: slug imploding his chest.
text: Case ducks back as three more SHOTS shatter the side of a console. The GUNFIRE
text: is lost in the noise of the arcade.
text: Yakuza #1, his gun smoking, cautiously circles the aisle.
text: Case crouches in the darkness. From just behind the game console, he can see a
text: pair of feet...slowly approaching. He cocks his gun, timing the approach
text: carefully...then springs.
speaker_heading: THE AISLE
text: A KID in oversized biker boots drops his popcorn as Case leaps out.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Pulls his shot at the last second, firing into the air.
speaker_heading: YAKUZA #1
text: Pops up out of the darkness behind him, gun blazing.
speaker_heading: THE KID
text: Beside Case is blown off his feet, shattering a holo projector.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Cuts through the maze of games, ducking lead. He loses the hit man at the back
text: of the arcade, then checks the .38...empty.
text: A red dot appears on Case's chest. He looks up.
scene_heading: THE BIG YAKUZA
text: Looking like a Sumo wrestler stuffed into an ill-fitting suit. The laser-site on
text: his modified Uzi casts the quavering dot on Case's chest.
text: The Big Yak smiles. His gold earring bearing the symbol of the Yakuza twinkles
text: eerily in the darkness.
text: The kisses his thumb and makes the ritual gesture of death to Case.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - SLO MO
text: As another holographic blast erupts from Tank War Europa, the WOMAN IN BLACK
text: leaps through the ghostly atomic fire, launching herself straight at the Big
dialog: Yakuza.
text: She executes an amazing flying kick, snapping her body around to connect with
text: the Yakuza's jaw. He goes down like a felled Sequoia.
text: Yakuza #3 appears fining at the Woman in Black. Case tackles him. They struggle
text: for control of his gun. The crowd finally reacts to the real violence in the
text: midst of their illusionary battles.
text: The Big Yakuza begins to rise, spitting out teeth and pissed off.
text: Case spots him, swings #3's gun hand around and squeezes the trigger.
text: The Big Yakuza takes a hit in the heart and crumbles.
text: Still gripping #3's hand, Case savagely elbows him in the face. Once. Twice.
text: Three times. He goes down.
text: Suddenly machine pistol fire strafes the console behind Case. The monitor
text: explodes with a hail of glass shards.
text: ****** (Something to do with 'firing his machine pistol')
text: Case runs for all he's worth, heading for a window across the room. He barrel
text: rolls straight through glass and neon as a fusillade of bullets explode around
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Case hits the cement and rolls, knocking over a couple of leather clad HOOKERS
text: in the process. He disappears into the crowd as the Hookers scream expletives at
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. CHATSUBO BAR
text: The doors blow open as JO JO BAO, the twenty-five year old Yakuza Lieutenant of
text: Chiba City, enters escorted by four heavily armed BODYGUARDS. The cold
text: expressionless mask of Bao's face suggests the brutality required to climb so
text: far in the Yakuza ranks at such an early age. His startling aqua blue eyes are
text: an obvious affectation from the black clinic tanks.
text: As the entourage cuts its way across the crowded floor, a ripple of tension
text: spreads throughout the room.
text: Ratz casts a wary glance to his sideman, FRITZ.
text: Fritz gently lifts a wire bore scattergun from its resting place out of sight
text: under the bar.
text: Ratz shakes his head "no" and motions for Fritz to stand by.
text: Jo Jo sits down before Ratz, flanked by his men.
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: Arigatou, Bao-san. Rare to see you out this time of night.
dialog: Bao's English is excellent.
speaker_heading: JO JO BAO
text: I'm afraid I could not sleep. Worry makes me restless.
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: JO JO BAO
dialog: Yes. I'm worried for your friend. The man they call Case.
text: Ratz looks from one bodyguard's icy stare to the other.
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: Not my friend. My customer.
speaker_heading: JO JO BAO
dialog: Of course. Forgive me.
text: Bao extends his pinky finger, which is encased in a decorative gold sleeve. With
text: a twist, he disengages the sleeve, revealing that his finger has been amputated
text: at the knuckle. Bao casually taps a line of yellow powder out of his finger/vial
text: onto the bar.
speaker_heading: JO JO BAO (CONT.)
dialog: "Your customer"...Case is a difficult man to find when he wants to be.
text: Bao applies a match to the powder, which ignites like a fuse. He then expertly
text: inhales the resulting curl of dirty yellow smoke, then offers Ratz a pull.
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: Ah...No thanks. I can try to get in touch with him for you. Can't promise
dialog: anything, you understand.
speaker_heading: JO JO BAO
dialog: I would greatly appreciate this. You see there is a small matter that must be
dialog: settled between Case and I.
text: One of Bao's bodyguards suddenly lashes out with a wickedly curved dagger,
text: burying it in the counter top.
scene_heading: C.U. THE DAGGER
text: The gleaming blade had pinned a human ear to the worn wood. By the elaborate
dialog: gold earring we recognise that this once belonged to the Big Yakuza in the
dialog: arcade.
scene_heading: EXT. CHEAP HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Camera suddenly BOOMS UP to the rooftop of a shabby ten story office building.
text: Up here, in some of the last available space in the crowded city, a cheap hotel
text: has been erected out of prefab fibreglass "coffins" racked in a framework of
text: industrial scaffolding and catwalks. A weakly flickering neon sign offers the
text: words CHEAP HOTEL under a cluster of Japanese ideograms.
scene_heading: INT. CHEAP HOTEL
text: Linda Lee has just finished packing a small suitcase in the cramped quarters of
text: the white fibreglass module. The rooms moulded to maximise the efficiency of the
text: living space; concave area for microwave and cooler, convex area for a
text: temperfoam bed slab for computer terminal and telephone.
text: Linda peels off a photograph taped to the wall of her and Case in better days...
text: mugging for the camera during a break in a game of Jai Alai. She decides to
dialog: leave it for him.
text: The telephone rings. As Linda picks it up the computer screen is illuminated
text: with a C.U. of Ratz.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INTERCUT CHATSUBO BAR
text: Ratz speaks into a grimy mobile phone before a wall mounted lens. In the B.G. we
text: see his small audience of Yakuza heavies.
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: Is Case there?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: No. Who's this?
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: A friend. I have a very important message. Are you listening?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Yes, but I...
speaker_heading: RATZ
dialog: Jo Jo Bao says Case should bring the goods the Yakitori Stand at the arena in
dialog: one hour. Jo Jo gets the goods or Case gets orchids. He'll understand.
text: There is a click as the phone disconnects. The screen goes blank.
text: Linda Lee looks back at the photograph of the man she used to love. She snaps
text: her suitcase shut and starts for the door... But she stops short and finally
text: makes a decision.
text: Linda crosses to the cooler and rummages about inside. She discovers a 9mm
text: automatic hidden by a row of beer bottles. Searching further, she finds a
text: plastic container behind the ice cube trays. Inside, packed in dry ice, is a
text: glass tube filled with an amber fluid. Ketamine.
text: Linda stops and considers the gravity of what she is about to do. She closes the
text: container and stuffs it into her canvas shoulder bag.
scene_heading: EXT. BULLET TRAIN PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: The sleek train is a blur of motion as it clears frame... revealing Case,
text: exhausted and dishevelled from his run in with the Yakuza. He checks his
text: surroundings warily, then exits the platform. As he approaches the dingy
text: stairway, his attention is drawn to a holographic travel advert floating
text: overhead.
scene_heading: CLOSER - HOLOGRAM
text: It displays a beautiful cylindrical satellite hanging in space like a twinkling
text: child's toy. The word FREESIDE pulses beneath the image in capital letters that
text: mimic printed Japanese, followed by the copy line, "Why wait?".
text: A crack of lightning briefly illuminates a night sky choked with storm clouds. A
text: light rain begins to fall. Case moves on.
scene_heading: EXT. CHEAP HOTEL
text: Case turns his collar up against the rain as he checks his lock for signs of a
text: break-in. He slots a key card and the portal pops open.
scene_heading: INT. CHEAP HOTEL
text: Slipping through the small entry, case shrugs off his wet jacket and reaches for
dialog: the lights.
speaker_heading: OFFSCREEN VOICE
dialog: Hold it.
text: Case turns to find himself looking down the four barrelled muzzle of a Fletcher;
text: a lethal looking hand gun that shoots dart cartridges ranging from
dialog: tranquillisers to micro-explosives.
text: The Woman In Black sits at the far end of the coffin training the Fletcher on
text: Case with a rock steady hand. The gun's pepper box muzzle rotates once, clicking
text: a barrel in place.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: No lights. I can see just fine the way I am, thanks.
speaker_heading: C.U. THE WOMAN
text: Her mirror shades are actually surgically inset silver lenses that cover her eye
text: sockets. Her fine features and smooth pale skin are framed by a rough shag of
text: jet black hair. There's a cold beauty about her... marred by a street tough
dialog: edge.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Now close the door.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S P.O.V.
text: Her lenses provide light boosters... enhancing the scene in a pale green hue as
text: Case closes the portal.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: That was you at the arcade.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I just wanted to put the Big Yak down, not kill him. I've got enough problems
dialog: without Yak heat.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The room's only light source is the dim glow of the computer monitor.
scene_heading: ******************************
text: Unfortunately, the next page is missing from the bootleg. I can establish,
text: though, that Case learns that Armitage has a job for him, and that the Woman In
text: Black is, in fact, Molly. The best pointer for the scenes may in fact be the
dialog: novel.
scene_heading: ******************************
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: His name's Armitage. He's very anxious to meet you.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Why should I want to meet him.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Because you've exceeded your shelf life, Case. Word on the street is you're a
dialog: dead man walking. Nice time for an employment opportunity. Travel to exotic
dialog: locales.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What's my end?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You want to hear the pitch, you gotta meet the man.
text: Case considers this for a beat, then reaches for his jacket.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: This better be good.
text: Molly holsters her gun and rises.
text: Case now notices Linda's suitcase lying by the temperfoam slab, with a note on
text: top of it. He scans the note... adrenalin surges through his body.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: ... a friend of mine's gonna get herself killed. I need my clip.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Sorry. That's not gonna happen.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Then, fuck you. I'm gone.
text: Case reaches for the door.
text: The fletcher is instantly in Molly's hand and firing.
text: Three blue steel darts puncture the fibreglass portal and stand
text: quivering inches from Case's hand.
text: Case turns and glares at Molly. She considers the situation.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: (holsters gun)
dialog: Alright. We check your friend out first. But I want you to
dialog: remember something.
text: Molly snaps her hand open, palms up. With a barely audible click ten double
text: edged scalpel blades slide from their housings beneath her black lacquered
text: nails. Surgical implants.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You mess with me, you'll be playing Jai Alai with Jesus.
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA
text: An inflated dome behind a portside warehouse, taut grey fabric reinforced with a
text: net of thin steel cables. The roar of the crowd briefly rises above the night
text: sounds of Chiba City.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA
text: Linda Lee makes her way across a crowded transom as the predominantly Japanese
text: CROWD exchange fistfuls of new yen, placing their bets. She pauses to ask an old
dialog: woman directions.
text: Behind her, the towering puppets of holographic light duplicate the movements of
text: the contestants in the ring; two MEN in the midst of a savage knife fight. Their
text: combat style combines street fighting, fencing and kickboxing.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA HALL
text: The dimly lit outer hall is lined with massive cement pylons that anchor the
text: arena's support cables. As Jo Jo Bao and his four leg breakers make their way
text: through the crowd, the BEGGARS and SOUVENIR HUSTLERS shrink back. These are men
dialog: not to be trifled with.
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA
text: Case and Molly bolt out of a three wheeled taxi and rush to the ticket window.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA - THE RING
text: The two combatants whirl in their deadly cockfight, their bodies glistening with
text: sweat. The crowd ROARS as first blood is drawn.
scene_heading: C.U. - YAKATORI SKEWER
text: The brown sauce dripping down Jo Jo Bao's fingers. He takes a bite.
scene_heading: WIDER - YAKATORI STAND
text: The stand is positioned near an ugly cinderblock dead end at the last curve in
text: the shadowy hall. Sensing danger, the few remaining patrons abandon their
text: position in line, leaving the stand to Bao and his men.
scene_heading: INT. HALL
text: Linda Lee enters the hall, checking her watch. She hurries past the clutching
text: hands of the beggars, and the sing song cries of the merchants.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA - STANDS
text: Case and Molly race across the transom as the crowd SCREAMS for blood. Behind
text: them, the God-like holograms battle beneath the quilted dome in a column of
text: drifting cigarette smoke and light.
scene_heading: INT. YAKATORI STAND
text: Bao turns. Pull focus to Linda Lee framed in the arch of the hallway. She stands
text: there frozen, like a deer trapped in the road... Then steadies herself, and
text: starts toward Bao and his men.
scene_heading: INT. HALL
text: Case and Molly run full speed around the bend.
scene_heading: INT. YAKATORI STAND
text: Linda Lee stands before the grim faced Yakuzas. She reaches into her shoulder
text: bag and produces the plastic container. Bao watches silently as one of his men
text: withdraws the ketamine.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA
text: The combatants' blades clash. Sparks fly.
text: The crowd chants for the kill, blood-madness in their eyes.
scene_heading: INT. YAKATORI STAND
text: Bao's synthetic ice-blue eyes reveal nothing as he inspects the fragile tube of
text: amber fluid. He looks back up at Linda Lee... then lets the tube drop,
text: shattering on the cement floor.
text: The ketamine itself means nothing. Bao has a score to settle.
scene_heading: INT. RING
text: One combatant lashes out. Blood flows.
scene_heading: INT. YAKATORI STAND
text: A double hinged butterfly knife flickers open in Jo Jo Bao's hand.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
text: Reacts as the bodyguards grab her from either side.
speaker_heading: THE CROWD
text: **** Faces contorted in anger
scene_heading: MOLLY AND CASE
text: Arrive at the dead end.
speaker_heading: CASE'S P.O.V.
text: Linda Lee stands 20 yards away, flanked by Bao's bodyguards. Bao SCREAMING
text: something in Japanese. His knife flashes.
scene_heading: THE RING - THE COMBATANTS
text: A blade flashes - the killing blow. The crowd shrieks.
speaker_heading: ON CASE
text: Sprinting up the hallway.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (screams)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: THE YAKUZAS
text: Turn, drawing their guns.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Pushes Case to the ground as she dives to one side, firing her Fletcher.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
text: Staggers back, silhouetted by strobing muzzle flashes as the men around her open
dialog: fire.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Crouches beside a cement pylon as bullets explode around him.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Fires, scrambling for cover. She pulls out Case's clip.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Case!
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Catches his clip, jams it into the gun and rushes the stand like a madman,
text: firing blindly.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Her Fletcher whines as she fires a storm of explosive darts into the midst of
dialog: the Yakuzas.
scene_heading: THE STAND - HAND HELD
text: Case charges, blazing away. Yakuzas are cut down in the searing crossfire.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
text: Turns, her eyes wide with terror... takes two steps toward Case. A thin curtain
text: of blood suddenly appears, running down her throat.
text: She crumbles into Case's arms.
speaker_heading: BAO
text: Fires.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Blood blossoms from his shoulder. Still holding Linda Lee, he empties his gun at
dialog: Bao.
speaker_heading: BAO
text: Riddled with bullets, is blown back into the Yakitori stand. Glass, wood, hot
text: grease and fire fly through the air as the Yakuza Lieutenant's body bounces off
text: the cinderblock wall, and rebounds on the unyielding cement floor.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Sinks to his knees cradling the lifeless body of Linda Lee in his arms. Police
text: SIRENS wail in the distance... growing closer.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Snaps a new clip in her Fletcher, scanning the wreckage of sprawled bodies with
dialog: a professional eye... no survivors.
text: She takes Case by the shoulder as we hear SHOUTS and a shrill police WHISTLE
dialog: O.C.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: She's dead man. C'mon.
text: Case does not respond.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: She's dead!
text: Molly pulls Case to his feet as the post-fight crowd begins to emerge from the
text: arena. They react with SCREAMS and confusion to the scene of bloodshed.
text: Camera BOOMS UP. COPS and SECURITY MEN arrive, pushing their way through the
text: swirling crush of bodies. Case and Molly slip away in the confusion.
speaker_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: TO BLACK
scene_heading: E.C.U. COFFEE CUP
text: Black coffee poured into a china cup.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Case sits in an oversized chair framed against a large picture window in a
text: luxurious suite. Outside a slate grey sky hangs over the jumble of Chiba City. A
text: light rain patters against the glass.
text: Case looks wasted... washed out. His arm is supported by a web-like nylon sling.
text: He sips his coffee in silence.
text: Molly pours a cup for her employer.
text: ARMITAGE is a powerfully built man in his early forties. His dark robe frames a
text: broad muscular chest and a flat stomach. His white blonde hair is close cropped
text: in an almost military style.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Are you sure you're up to this, Mr. Case? We could reconvene tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: You've got an expensive razor girl on me for a reason. I'd like to hear what it
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Very well.
text: Armitage slots a laser disc the size of a quarter into a remote control. The
text: picture window behind Case is instantly transformed into a wall sized screen
text: displaying news footage of chaos in the London stock market.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
dialog: What you're seeing here is the London stock market crash of last September. This
dialog: was the first in a series of setbacks for the international banking community.
text: Molly pours herself some coffee and sits down near Case. Her Fletcher hangs
text: loosely on her side in a black nylon shoulder holster.
text: Armitage switches the scene to a space shuttle manufacturing plant.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
dialog: The collapse of Aerospace International...
text: He switches to a corporate conference room where a hearing is in progress.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
dialog: The corporate plundering of Yeshoto Industries... At first these seemed like
text: unrelated incidents, but a pattern is emerging that suggests otherwise.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What does this have to do with me?
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: (turns off screen)
dialog: Our analysis of the London stock crash suggest that it was manipulated from
dialog: within the international computer matrix. Cyberspace, Mr. Case... A realm I
dialog: believe you're familiar with.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Put the Sense/Net Police on it. The matrix is their turf.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Sense/Net's corporately financed. Too corrupt to be trusted. You of all people
dialog: should know that.
text: Armitage sits down across from Case
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
dialog: If someone is infiltrating the matrix on a global scale no political or economic
dialog: system is safe. I'm assembling a team of specialists, Mr. Case. We need a man
text: who can enter the matrix and trace this saboteur.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: My days of punching deck are over. For you or anybody else.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: What would you say if I told you we could correct your neural damage?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I'd say you were full of shit.
text: Armitage nods.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: Then I'd ask you what your terms are.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: First, let's get something straight. We ran a psych construct on you that lists
dialog: self destruction as your favourite pastime. If you want to kill yourself, Mr.
dialog: Case, there's much more entertaining ways than working for me.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: It's the people close to me that tend to die... and I get the feeling you and I
dialog: are going to be real buddies.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Terms?
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: We'll match your rate just prior to your... accident. One half in advance.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Who's running the show, Armitage? This a government sting?
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Questions make me nervous. Part of our arrangement will be that you don't ask
dialog: too many.
text: Armitage rises.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
dialog: One more thing, Mr. Case... Be prepared to travel light.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SPRAWL - DAWN
text: Urban development gone mad... A city built upon a city with old Atlanta at the
text: core. Bristling with air and ground traffic. A Herring passenger jet slowly
text: spirals as it drops straight down into the dense cityscape.
speaker_heading: SUPER:
scene_heading: BOSTON-ATLANTA METROPOLITAN AXIS:
speaker_heading: THE SPRAWL
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL GROUNDS - DAY
text: An exclusive clinic comprised of sleek pavilions, separated by small formal
dialog: gardens.
text: Case cracks open a drink container and hands it to Molly. He opens a second one
text: for himself. Two white robed DOCTORS pass by, preoccupied with their charts.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Since when do sprawl doctors know more about nerve rehab than the Japanese?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Since Armitage sold them a program on it. Put them years ahead of the
dialog: competition.
text: As they walk through the garden, they pass a gleaming crab-like robot pruning a
text: tree with its long delicate claws.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: He's a resourceful guy, your boss. How long you work for him?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Couple of months.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What about before that?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: For someone else. Bodyguard. Courier... Whatever.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Then you don't really know who he is, do you?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: I know who he isn't. Not C.I.A. Not Sense/Net. But... money comes in. Doors
text: open. He's onto something.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Maybe something's onto him.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
text: A MALE NURSE approaches Case.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Mr. Smith?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (turns back to Molly)
dialog: It means there is no Santa Claus, Molly. So cover your ass. Just cover your ass.
text: Case follows the nurse into the building.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING ROOM
text: A high tech sterile environment.
text: An ANESTHESIOLOGIST in a cobalt blue smock and surgical mask attaches one blue
text: derm to Case's neck and one to his wrist.
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: Count backwards from ten, please.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Ten... nine...
scene_heading: CASE'S P.O.V. - SLOW MO
text: A SURGEON picks up a laser scalpel, a device resembling a tuning fork with a
text: laser beam crackling between its open prongs. The surgeon now folds back one of
text: the prongs and turns toward Case.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (slowing down)
dialog: Eight... seven... six.
speaker_heading: C.U. CASE
text: His eyelids droop... picture and sound slow down.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Five... four...
scene_heading: CASE'S P.O.V. - -SLOW MO
text: The Surgeons converge on Case, towering over him. The room around him then melts
text: into dreamy soft focus as the crackling laser scalpel descends.
scene_heading: E.C.U. - CASE'S EYES
dialog: Half closed.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Three... two...
scene_heading: CASE'S P.O.V. - SLOW MO
text: The Surgeons have become the Pale Man and his Sense/Net storm troopers. The
text: scalpel is now the glistening hypodermic... descending... contact.
text: The screen explodes in WHITE-OUT.
speaker_heading: C.U. CASE
text: His face tenses... but in passion, not pain... slowly turning to reveal Linda
text: Lee holding him tightly... lost in their lovemaking.
scene_heading: E.C.U. THE LASER SCALPEL
text: Burning a straight line across a horizon of flesh.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: His face tenses... again slowly turning to reveal Linda Lee in his arms, but now
text: her eyes are as cold and blank as a lifeless doll... Her throat darkly
text: glistening crimson.
scene_heading: E.C.U. THE LASER SCALPEL
text: Its beam FLARES into camera as it slices.
speaker_heading: C.U. CASE
text: Screams...
text: The CAMERA BOOMS UP to reveal him tied to the coffee table, surrounded by his
dialog: enemies.
text: Screams....
text: Clutching her lifeless body in his arms as he sinks to his knees in defeat.
speaker_heading: C.U. CASE
text: His eyes flash open as he gasps a breath. Awake...
scene_heading: WIDER - DARKENED ROOM
text: Case lies in rumpled sheets, his face bathed in sweat. He can hardly move.
text: Molly looks down at him... a shadow against a moonlit window, her hair
text: glistening as blue black as a raven's wing.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Easy. You're still full of endorphins.
text: Case coughs. Molly supports his head and helps him sip some water.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: You've been calling her name.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MOLLY.
dialog: Your girl, Linda Lee. You've been calling her name.
text: She wrings out a wet cloth. Applies it to his forehead.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: She must have really loved you.
text: Case gazes into the darkness. His voice is a weak whisper.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: It got her killed.
text: Molly straightens up his covers.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Sure Case... Love kills and we're all the walking wounded.
text: She gently lays a hand over Case's eyes.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: Now close your eyes... You're asleep and you don't even know it.
text: When Molly takes her hand away, indeed, his eyes remain shut.
scene_heading: C.U. MOLLY - MORNING
text: She hits a padded bar hard... Flips up out of frame.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Molly is in the midst of a workout on a customised rig that's part "Sinsemi"
text: karate pads, part uneven parallel bars. She flies through her routine with
text: animal grace and the focused discipline of a professional athlete.
text: The rig stands in the middle of a sparsely furnished high ceilinged loft. Shafts
text: of soft morning light are filtered through a row of dusty windows.
text: Case sits up in the foreground.
text: He's lying on a futon in the middle of the worn wooden floor. He rises pulling a
text: sheet around his naked shoulders... but he's stopped cold as a splitting
text: headache hits home.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: Holy shit...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (flips down off rig)
dialog: Hey... you're not supposed to be up.
text: Molly guides Case to a stool at the kitchen counter. He looks around the room,
text: red-rimmed eyes adjusting to the light.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: How long have I been out?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Almost two days.
text: Case gazes down at the narrow bandages across his main arteries.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I gotta know... did it work>
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: We'll find out soon enough. If you don't pull the splices out.
text: Case snaps the cap off a bottle of bourbon and pours a drink.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: How soon is soon enough?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Couple of days. They'll examine you.
text: Case slugs down the bourbon.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: That's not going to help.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: The way I feel, believe me, it'll help.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Not anymore. You got a new pancreas. Armitage's got you kinked so you can't get
dialog: stoned.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What the fuck... are you serious?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (pours him another)
dialog: Go ahead...
text: Case tosses it down... no kick at all.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: That's cute. Very fucking cute. What else did this guy do to me when he had me
dialog: opened up like a goddamn fillet?
text: Extending one scalpel-blade, Molly picks at a cluster of grapes.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (half-smile)
dialog: Oh, I dunno... He was saying maybe that you're a little too ballsy.
text: Molly flicks her blade, severing two grapes from the bunch. Nasty image.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: No...
text: Case checks beneath his sheet.
text: Armitage now enters carrying two large cardboard boxes bearing Japanese logo.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: I'll think you'll find everything in working order. Molly's just having a little
dialog: fun.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I don't call this fun, pal. You're playing God with my body.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: You're a substance abuser, Case. Your pancreas was shot. Wouldn't have lasted
dialog: out the year. We did you a favour and liberated you from a dangerous dependency
dialog: in the bargain.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Thanks, but I was enjoying that dependency.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Good, because you've got a new one.
text: Armitage sets the boxes down in a corner with several others.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
text: There are fifteen toxin sacs bonded to the lining of your main arteries. They're
dialog: dissolving, Case... slowly, but they're definitely dissolving. You have just
dialog: long enough to do the job.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: You son of a bitch...
text: Case lurches up from the counter, sending the bourbon smashing to the floor.
text: Molly restrains him.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Easy...
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Play it straight with me and you've got nothing to worry about. When it's over,
dialog: I inject you with the antitoxin.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Why'd you do it, Armitage?
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: The disturbance in cyberspace... It's an A.I.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (bitter chuckle)
text: Right. And no one would take on an A.I.... If they had a choice.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What's an A.I.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
text: An Artificial Intelligence. A computer system that's developed the capacity for
dialog: sentient thought. They're dangerous and totally unpredictable.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: First sign of free will, Sense/Net usually slags 'em.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
text: This one's different. No one can trace it. It's out there somewhere in the
text: matrix and it's growing stronger... infecting other computer systems like a
dialog: virus.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Anything rated higher than a P.C.'s got a hard-wired suicide switch. It'll self-
dialog: destruct.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: It hasn't yet.
text: Case lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I've heard about rogue A.I.'s, but there's only one guy who actually went up
dialog: against one.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Dixie McCoy
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Right. Best cowboy that ever punched deck. The old man taught me most of what I
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: I've arranged for him to work with us.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: That's gonna be tough because Dixie McCoy's dead. The A.I. flatlined him.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: I know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You ever work with ghosts, Case?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
text: Sense/Net taped a full spectrum personality construct on McCoy six months before
text: his death. Everything Dixie was -- everything Dixie still knows exists as a
text: digitised construct.
dialog: (beat)
text: Of course a tape can get misplaced in a library the size of Sense/Net's.
text: Armitage tosses a matte black cartridge on the kitchen counter. Its the size and
text: shape of the clip on an assault rifle. Warning decals and security codes frame
text: the label on the front of the cartridge:
dialog: Charles "Dixie" McCoy
text: Case gingerly picks it up.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Working with a dead man. Shit, I've done about everything else.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: You'll be ready for a trial run in two days. If your splices hold, you'll use
text: McCoy to trace the A.I.'s coordinates.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: And then?
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Then we rendezvous with the final member of our team. For now, that's all you
dialog: need to know.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: It's just that sometimes I wonder what team I'm playin' on.
text: Armitage turns to Molly.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: We have work to do.
text: Molly and Armitage exit.
text: Pull focus from Case to Armitage's empty glass in the foreground. Case holds it
text: up to the light.
scene_heading: C.U. THE GLASS
text: Subtle fingerprints are visible.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - NIGHT
text: A full moon shines down on the weathered brick building in this core section of
dialog: old Atlanta.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT
text: Case lies sleeplessly, staring at the mysterious grouping of boxes that Armitage
text: has left lying on the moonlit floor. He rises.
text: As Case unstacks the boxes he discovers a glossy pamphlet advertising the luxury
text: satellite, Freeside, with the familiar copyline: "Freeside... Why wait?"
text: Beneath it is an 8x10 fashionably dressed cabaret artist. It bears the heading,
text: "The Holographic Cabaret of Peter Riviera." Ghostly images of skulls and jewels
dialog: dance about Riviera.
text: Case sets the papers aside and runs his hand over the smooth surface of a box
text: bearing cryptic instructions in Japanese. He tears it open and brushes back the
text: clear plastic packing bubbles.
text: He gently lifts a beautiful Ono-Sendai Cyberspace 7 computer deck out of the box
text: and sets it in a square of dusty moonlight thrown across the worn wooden floor.
text: It's a more compact version of the jerry-rigged deck in Case's old townhouse. He
text: runs his hands over the smooth lines of the two tiered keyboard... the sleek
text: joystick.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (O.S.)
dialog: You touch that thing like it's a woman.
text: Case looks up to see Molly silhouetted in her bedroom doorway, wearing only a
text: cotton body stocking. Her Fletcher hangs from her shoulder in its open harness.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I'm going in.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You're not ready yet. They said two days.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: I'm not jacking with Armitage and his quacks breathing down my neck.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: If the splices aren't good, you could fry.
text: Case considers this for a moment.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I'll show you how to tell what's going on. If things go south, you unplug me.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What is it with you? Why is it so important? It's a buzz, right? Like getting
dialog: high.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: On a good run... yeah.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: So you're a wire junkie.
text: Case sets the computer deck aside.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: When I was fifteen Sense/Net iced my old man's credit record over some computer
dialog: error. Once that goes down, that's it. He lost his business... everything. It
dialog: destroyed him. I had to hustle arcade games for chump change. Dixie McCoy found
dialog: me, figured I was a natural. He taught me the wires for a piece of the action.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: A regular Fagan.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Sure. I finally pulled a run on my old man's credit file when I was seventeen...
dialog: only it was too late for him.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Too late?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Suicide. I just needed to set the record straight.
text: Case is silent for a moment then turns and begins to tear open another box.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: I've been running the matrix ever since.
text: Molly finally sits down beside him... the starts to help Case unpack the
dialog: equipment.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - C.U. CYBERSPACE EQUIPMENT
text: An impressive display of high tech computer gear is arranged in a semi-circle on
text: the floor around the futon.
text: Case sits in a lotus position in the midst of the gear as Molly paces the room.
text: Trails of micro thin wires run from the electrodes (derms) no his headband to
text: the chrome plated jack he holds in his hand.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: The first fun's bound to be rough. It that read out fluctuates more than ten
dialog: points... just pull this out. But if the EEG flatlines, don't touch anything.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Won't that mean you're dead?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Technically, yeah, but people have made it back after as long as three minutes.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Dixie McCoy didn't.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: The point is, if you unplug me when I'm flatlines, I'm history. I got no way
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Okay fine. Let's get this over with.
text: Case gives Molly a reassuring smile.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Take it easy. This is what I'm good at.
scene_heading: C.U. THE JACK
text: Case slides it home with a metallic SNAP.
scene_heading: Crackle to WHITE OUT
scene_heading: CASE'S P.O.V. - CYBERSPACE
text: We are suddenly roaring through an impossible corridor of light with no top or
text: bottom... Our speed constantly increasing. Luminescent geometric shapes tumble
text: by like a shimmering power storm. We have entered an unearthly dimension of
text: sheer power and energy as Case's subconscious mind is catapulted into CYBERSPACE
scene_heading: THE LOFT -CASE
text: Breaks into a sweat... His eyes closed in deep concentration. He remains in the
text: louts position, his hands lying on padded supports just above the keyboard. His
text: fingers flex weakly. He's in poor contact with his physical self.
scene_heading: C.U. CASE - CYBERSPACE
text: His translucent image distorts radically as he's torn through the GLOWING
text: corridor, fighting for some control.
speaker_heading: THE LOFT
text: The READOUTS begin to fluctuate.
text: Molly sees that Case's body is beginning to tremble. Something's going wrong.
scene_heading: CASE'S P.O.V. - CYBERSPACE
text: Still accelerating down the terrifying corridor of light. The ride grows rougher
text: with the increasing velocity. He's losing control.
scene_heading: THE LOFT - C.U. KEYBOARD
text: Case's fingers still move slightly... still no contact
scene_heading: C.U. READOUTS
dialog: Fluctuations increasing...
speaker_heading: CYBERSPACE
text: A monolithic WALL of pulsing yellow and black hazard stripes lies directly
text: ahead... a glowing computer graphic barricade. It's crowned by the imposing
text: Sense/Net logo and the warning... "Security Clearance Required."
scene_heading: CYBERSPACE - CASE
text: His image streaking... vibrating. He's in excruciating pain.
scene_heading: CASE'S P.O.V. - THE WALL
text: Case is rushing towards a head on collision. Tendrils of energy crackle across
text: the surface of the barricade like an electrified fence. The words "Access
text: Prohibited" strobe out in red towering letters.
scene_heading: LOFT - C.U. KEYBOARD
text: Case's hands finally come to life. His shaking fingers punch out a series of
dialog: digits.
scene_heading: CYBERSPACE - CASE'S P.O.V. - THE WALL
text: Case's program shots out like a lightning bolt, blowing a hole through the
text: Sense/Net barricade a split second before impact. We rocket straight through the
text: tiny portal.
scene_heading: EXT. SENSE/NET BUILDING - NIGHT
text: A foreboding mirrored fortress in downtown New Atlanta, bristling with antenna
text: and satellite dishes. It looks like a cross between a futuristic broadcasting
text: station and a police headquarters, which is exactly what it is.
text: From somewhere inside a high pitched klaxon pulses out its shrill alarm.
scene_heading: INT. SENSE/NET MONITORING ROOM
text: The alarm continues as Sense/Net personnel scramble to their terminals. Overhead
text: screen display Case's infiltration into the matrix in simplified computer
dialog: graphics.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: A Sense/Net technician speaks into his headset
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: We have a bogey at access C-27. Bogey at C-27.
text: A voice crackles in response.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Trajectory?
scene_heading: INT. CYBERSPACE - CASE'S P.O.V.
text: Case shoots through the narrow wormhole in the barricade at hair raising speed.
text: He finally bursts through into...
speaker_heading: THE MATRIX
text: A transparent 3-D chessboard opens up before us, extending into infinity...
text: Breathtakingly beautiful... Huge glowing geometric computer CONSTRUCTS float by,
text: each bearing the specific corporations they represent... Suspended in
text: nothingness like synthetic planets in an over-populated universe.
text: NOTE: The computer CONSTRUCTS are three dimensional geometric representations of
text: the inner workings of computer systems. They exist in Cyberspace in the form of
text: pure light and energy. Complex symbols and data are constantly changing within
text: their glowing ectoskeletons. Although separate and apart from the actual
text: hardware in the physical universe, computer activity can be observed and
text: manipulated from within the matrix.
scene_heading: INT. SENSE/NET MONITORING ROOM
text: The blip representing Case disappears from the monitor.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: We've lost contact. sir. He's entered the matrix.
scene_heading: THE MATRIX C.U. SUBLIMINAL CASE
text: (NOTE: Although Case's physical body always remains at his deck, his spiritual
text: being manifests itself on his trips into the matrix. A true "out of body"
dialog: experience.)
text: Case floats blissfully through the phosphorescent environment in the lotus
text: position that matches that of his body in the physical plane. His eyes are
text: filled with wonder. He's achieved his "normal" appearance in the matrix; a
text: translucent ghost of himself... shimmering with mild iridescence. His every
text: moment creates subtle time lapse after-images the catch up his prime image in a
text: graceful dance.
scene_heading: CASE'S P.O.V. - THE MATRIX
text: A burning scarlet pyramid bearing the title Eastern Seaboard Fission Authority
text: floats by majestically, its surface alive with a constant changing flow of
dialog: data...
text: The monolithic green cubes of Mitsubishi Bank of America hang above the horizon
text: like a luminous cityscape twinkling with countless transactions.
text: And in the distance are the everpresent gridlines that define the limitless
text: perspectives of the matrix.
text: We hear distant echoing LAUGHTER.
speaker_heading: THE LOFT
text: Case sits before his console bathed in sweat... Eyes closes... Laughing like a
dialog: man who's beat the devil.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Watches... wondering what he can possibly be experiencing. the readouts are
text: modulating smoothly.
scene_heading: INT. SENSE/NET CONFERENCE ROOM
text: The Sense/Net technician sits surrounded by three larger than life holographic
text: projections is taking place with the chairman's live images, each disembodied
text: head projected above a separate pedestal.
text: A wall-sized screen displays playback of Case's infiltration of the matrix.
text: Bigelow, the most imposing of the three chairmen question the nervous operator.
speaker_heading: BIGELOW
dialog: Is this all you've got on him?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Yes sir. Whoever he is, he's good.
text: A figure seated in shadows at the rear of the room now speaks.
speaker_heading: FIGURE
dialog: If he was so good he wouldn't have crashed a security checkpoint. I doubt he'll
dialog: make the same mistake again.
speaker_heading: BIGELOW
dialog: I thought we eradicated these wire jockeys. These... what do they call
dialog: themselves, Duprey?
text: The FIGURE now swivels in his chair to face Bigelow's hologram. He is the PALE
text: MAN, the Sense/Net operative that injected Case with the microtoxin. His name is
dialog: Lt. Roland Duprey.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: Cowboys, sir. I retired the last one personally over a year ago.
text: SUVANI YAMIR, a Mideastern Chairman, interjects.
speaker_heading: YAMIR
dialog: Then how do you explain this?
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: I don't know yet. My people are doing everything that they can to trace it.
text: The third chairman, an aristocratic Frenchman named Lord Frederick Tessier
text: addresses the gathering.
speaker_heading: TESSIER
dialog: Do you realise what a security breach would mean right now? If our mysterious
text: guest discovers that an Artificial Intelligence is running loose in the matrix
text: infiltrating other computer systems, it could cause a worldwide panic.
speaker_heading: BIGELOW
dialog: Find this cowboy, Duprey. Do whatever you have to to stop him.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: What about the A.I.?
speaker_heading: TESSIER
dialog: That is our problem, Lieutenant. Please concern yourself with the matter at
dialog: hand.
text: Duprey rises.
speaker_heading: BIGELOW
dialog: One more thing, Duprey...
text: Duprey turns.
speaker_heading: BIGELOW
dialog: You fuck this up, I'll have your cerebral cortex degoused. You'll need a
dialog: playback unit to remember how to pee. Am I making myself clear?
text: Duprey regards his superiors with thinly veiled disdain.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: Don't worry, gentlemen. I'll keep your fat out of the fire.
scene_heading: EXT. MATRIX
text: Case's ghostly image still floats in a lotus position, dwarfed by the gigantic
text: glowing constructs suspended in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - C.U. DECK
text: As Case presses a button, the cartridge labelled "Dixie McCoy" automatically
text: descends into the deck.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MATRIX
text: A disembodied CAT scan of a HUMAN HEAD suddenly appears before Case in a nimbus
text: of gently modulating light. The brain and circulatory systems are visible in
text: fluorescent pinks and blues like a 3-D x-ray. Its eyeballs are rolled back in
text: its skull like two boiled eggs, showing no pupils at all.
text: Beneath this eerie medical jack-o-lantern is a two dimensional name plate in
text: glowing green letters. It reads Charles "Dixie" McCoy and bears a narrow voice
text: print band with a digital time code read out.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Dixie. Dixie McCoy? Is that you, man?
text: As McCoy speaks, a series of overlapping sign waves appear beneath him in his
text: voice print band,, fluctuating with the modulations of his voice.
speaker_heading: MCCOY
dialog: Hey, bro.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: It's Case. Remember me?
text: Dixie's eyes roll down, revealing shocking pink irises with cobalt blue pupils.
text: He seems to be just waking up.
speaker_heading: MCCOY
dialog: Case... Yeah, Miami Joeboy, quick study. How you doing, kid?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Fine, Dixie. Fine.
speaker_heading: MCCOY
dialog: Last I heard you cracked Sukura International. I couldn't believe it.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Yeah. That was me.
speaker_heading: MCCOY
dialog: Jesus Christ, Kid. Nobody's ever cracked Sukura.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: As far as they know, that's absolutely true.
speaker_heading: MCCOY
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Ya learned good. So, what's happening?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: That's a good question. What's the last thing you remember?
dialog: Long beat.
speaker_heading: MCCOY
dialog: Nothin'. Not a goddamn thing. What the fuck...
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Dixie, you know how a ROM construct works?
speaker_heading: MCCOY
dialog: Sure, Kid. It's a firmware construct.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Okay, Dix. You _are_ a ROM construct.
text: Dixie's image is obscured by static as his "face" registers confusion.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: Dixie?
text: There is no reply.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: You're a ROM construct... Understand?
text: Dixie is briefly visible, then becomes totally obscured by electronic snow. His
text: voice is a distant echo.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: (processed)
dialog: It's cold. Why's it so goddamn cold.
text: The image disappears completely.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: Dixie?
text: Silence... Then Dixie suddenly appears in perfect clarity.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: What you're telling me is that I'm dead. Right?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Right...
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: I can't feel nothing because I am nothing.
dialog: (eerie laughter)
text: Just playback. A ghost in the machine.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: You're Dixie McCoy's construct. That makes you something special.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Don't patronise me, you fuck. I was skating figure eights in this matrix while
dialog: you were still peeing in your chinos.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hey, Kid... you expecting company?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MCCOY
dialog: Later...
text: Dixie disappears.
text: There is an ominous rumbling in the matrix.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Dixie?
text: Case now notices an unusual glimmer off in the matrix.
text: He begins to "type"... looking like a mimist at an invisible keyboard.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - KEYBOARD
dialog: Case types.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX
text: Case's question prints out in mid-air as he types it.
text: Analysis: Object travelling 120 degrees longitude.
text: The computer's answer instantly appears.
text: Energy probe. Point of origin unknown.
scene_heading: INT. SENSE/NET MONITORING ROOM
text: As Duprey walks purposefully up the aisle he's stopped by a concerned
dialog: technician.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Lieutenant... we have some unusual activity in C sector.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: Is that our bogey?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: No, it's inorganic. Could be your phantom A.I..
text: Duprey snaps his fingers.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN (CONT.)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: I do believe one of our problems is about to cancel out the other one.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX
text: The glowing sphere suddenly picks up speed... Veers directly at Case. The
text: rumbling grows louder with its approach.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT
text: Case quickly taps out new coordinates.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX
text: His position shifts, but the sphere responds instantly. It's nearly upon him,
text: crackling with deadly energy.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - DECK
dialog: ?
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX
text: Case peels off and flies towards an Air Tram International construct. The sphere
text: bares down on him like a heat seeking missile.
scene_heading: RAILWAY CONSTRUCT
text: Case flashes into the si spoked construct just as the sphere crashes into it.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT
text: The deck shorts out, SPARKING and POPPING with the electrical overload. Case's
text: body stiffens.
text: Molly tries to pull out the jack, but receives a crackling jolt the second her
text: hand comes down in contact with the chrome.
scene_heading: INT. CONSTRUCT
text: Case flies through narrow intersecting tunnels as the entire construct shatters
text: around him in a deadly display of phosphorescent fireworks.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT
text: Molly lashes out with her steel claws, severing Case's wires. He's ripped back
text: into his body just in time to se the sparking Hosaka monitor implode with a
text: flash of light.
text: The printer begins shooting out hard copies at high speed until the entire
text: system suddenly shuts down.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: ...Yeah, but the Hosaka's history.
text: As Case inspects the print outs, he's stopped cold... One word is repeated down
dialog: each scorched page:
dialog: Wintermute
dialog: Wintermute
dialog: Wintermute
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - THE SPRAWL - DAY
text: Case buys a pack of cigarettes and a paper at a busy corner newsstand.
text: The headlines read - "Systems Crash at Air Tram International - Railways Shut
dialog: Down."
text: A Sense/Net van slowly turns the corner... invisible eyes watching from behind
text: the tinted bulletproof glass.
text: Case eases back against a row of pay phones as the van passes. He lights a
dialog: cigarette.
text: Suddenly the pay phone beside him RINGS. Case stares at the phone as the rings
text: continue, then finally picks it up.
text: A synthetic CHIP VOICE comes over the line, reverberating with unearthly
dialog: harmonics.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hello, Case
text: Case is too stunned to speak... then,
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Wintermute.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sorry I missed you last night.
text: There's faint background sounds... a WAILING COSMIC WIND... barely audible
text: voices echoing off some orbital link.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT.)
dialog: I've been waiting for you, Case. It's time we talked.
text: Case hangs up. He flicks the cigarette away, unnerved, then walks along the
text: length of the bank of phones.
text: Each phone RINGS as he passes, but only once.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - DAY
text: Case enters the building
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT
text: Case enters to find Armitage pacing the floor. A wiry pony tailed man, bare
text: chested except for a black leather vest, sits crouched over Case's deck, working
text: on the wired circuitry. He looks like a Grateful Dead roadie who's done one too
dialog: many tours.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: You ran without us.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I cannot tell a lie. Sorry.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Sorry, bullshit. We haven't even begun and you're already jeopardising this
dialog: operation.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What's he doing to my gear?
text: The man glances up from his work.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: _Your_ gear. Hah! I spent weeks customising this stuff. It looks like you've
dialog: been playin' with it in the bathtub, man.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: This is Finn, our tech man.
speaker_heading: FINN
dialog: Pleased to meecha, I'm sure.
text: Armitage refers to the printout in his hand.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Could be your A.I.'s calling card.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Did you trace it?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: No, but it traced me.
text: Case tosses him the newspaper. Armitage scans the headline.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Fried Air Tram in the process. Not to mention half my gear.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: What about McCoy?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: He's got a little attitude problem, being that he's dead and all, but he'll come
dialog: around. Where's Molly?
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Prepping your trip.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Really? Do I get to know where I'm going? It makes packing so much easier.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
text: Offworld. The A.I.... this "Wintermute" thing evolved on a computer mainframe on
dialog: the satellite Freeside. If you attack it from within the matrix while Molly
dialog: accesses its original programming we can cripple its defence systems.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: That could work, but the timing will be a bitch.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: You'll be linked during the entire operation.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Linked?
speaker_heading: FINN
text: Remote simstim. Moll's wired for full sensorium access.
dialog: (to Armitage)
dialog: I thought this guy was a player.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
text: He is. Just been out of touch for awhile.
speaker_heading: FINN
dialog: Well, you're going to get a kick out of this. Link switches here.
dialog: (flips it)
text: Boom. You're wired straight into her senses. Sight, sound, touch, taste... the
dialog: whole enchilada. You'll know just how tight those jeans really are.
dialog: (rises)
dialog: Now you wanna give this a try? I'm supposed to be on my lunch break.
text: Case applies his derms, casts a last suspicious look at Finn, then jacks in.
scene_heading: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT
scene_heading: MOLLY'S P.O.V. - SIMSTIM
text: Hand head as she moves down a crowded street in the Sprawl's business district.
text: A slight edge of video texture lets us know this is Case's perception via the
dialog: simstim link.
text: The P.O.V. pans and we see Molly regarding herself in a reflective shop window.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Morning, Case.
text: The P.O.V. tilts down with Molly's gaze as she slides a hand inside her open
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: Welcome aboard.
text: She gently pinches her nipple through her silk tank top.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT
text: Case winces, his hand automatically protecting his chest. It's a strange
dialog: sensation, to say the least.
text: He flips back out.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Yeah, well it's working.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Stick with her. I want the process to become second nature to you. We fly for
text: Freeside at dawn.
text: Case flips.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: MOLLY'S P.O.V. - MEMORY LANE - DUSK
text: Molly makes her way down a narrow alley lined with dubious software rental
text: complexes... Makeshift booths selling recycled computer gear. The CLIENTELE are
text: young, few of them out of their teens. Adrenaline junkie ROCK blares from micro
text: speakers, songs clashing like a battle of the bands as Molly walks down the
dialog: lane.
text: Molly approaches a booth displaying hundreds of slivers of microsoft; angular
text: fragments of colored silicon mounted under transparent bubbles of white
dialog: cardboard.
text: Behind the counter a BOY with a shaven head is putting stock away with his back
text: to camera. A dozen spikes of microsoft protrude from a socket behind his ear.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Larry, that you?
text: Larry turns around and greets Molly in rapid fire Chinese.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: You're slotting Chinese, Larry.
text: Larry pauses for a beat, then realises what's wrong. He extracts a long green
text: microsoft from the cluster behind his ear.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Sorry, Client from Hong Kong, you know.
text: Larry flicks open a flat plastic case and slots the microsoft beside ?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I need a suit. Something special.
text: Larry nods... selects another microsoft.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Patience.
text: Larry slots it behind his ear. His eyes narrow as he scrutinises Molly
speaker_heading: LARRY (CONT.)
dialog: Molly's got a rider. Larry doesn't like that.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Didn't know you were so sensitive. Costs a lot to get that sensitive.
text: Larry taps his microsoft.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: This says you got someone using your eyes.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: My partner.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Lose the rider. Then we talk.
text: Molly sighs and lowers her gaze.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Case, you take off, okay?
text: The screen sears with a crackling WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT
text: Case eases back on the futon and reorientates himself. He flips on the deck's
text: screen and punches up new matrix coordinates.
scene_heading: INT. MICROSOFT BOOTH
text: Larry pulls down the corrugated tin garage door, sealing off the booth. He leans
text: back against a brick wall.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Now, Pretty Poison, what exactly did you have in mind?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I heard you have mimic polycarbon.
text: Larry flips a switch on his collar and his entire jumpsuit suddenly strobes to
text: life... reflecting a brick pattern that makes him nearly invisible against the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Instant environmental playback. It's the latest... but it'll cost you.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT
text: Case takes a sip from a bicycle bottle and jacks in.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MATRIX
text: Case appears near the gently twinkling fission authority pyramid.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Dixie... you here?
text: The glowing skull appears in its cloud of lights.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: I'm surprised you still are. Should'a told me you had an A.I. running probes at
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I need its matrix coordinates, Dixie. I've got to nail that thing where it
dialog: lives.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Who got you into this?
speaker_heading: CASE
text: A guy who calls himself Armitage.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Never heard of him.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Nobody has.
text: An ultraviolet square now appears bearing Armitage's fingerprints.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: I duped these prints off him. Can you run an I.D.?
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: No problem, amigo.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: What about the A.I., Dix? Sense/Net hasn't even been able to trace it.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
text: Those guys couldn't even find their own dicks with tweezers and a magnifying
dialog: glass.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tell you what, Bro. I'll make you a deal. I help you nail this A.I., you gotta
dialog: do me one favour.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: When we're done, erase this friggin' tape.
text: Dixie crackles into static and disappears.
scene_heading: INT. SENSE/NET - DUPREY'S OFFICE
text: Duprey is at his desk fast forwarding through a series of files on his computer
dialog: monitor.
text: He's interrupted by a beep tone. The image of his secretary appears on a tiny
text: phone screen.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: There's a call for you on line four, sir. He won't identify himself, but he says
dialog: it's urgent.
text: Duprey punches up the line. A digitally masked image appears... a blurred mosaic
text: grid of a human face.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: Yes...
text: The electronically altered voice sounds chillingly demonic.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: The word is you're scanning for a wire freak. You want to catch a cowboy, you
dialog: need a posse.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Just a citizen looking for a pay day.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - MICROSOFT BOOTH
text: Larry, Molly's tech connection, sits in his cluttered workshop speaking to
text: Duprey through a customised phone unit.
speaker_heading: LARRY (CONT.)
dialog: Somebody's setting up a run. Something heavy. You interested?
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT
text: Case is in the midst of running a check on his computer gear when he hears a
text: soft rustling from across the room.
text: Still sitting in his lotus position, Case pretends to remain in the matrix as he
text: checks out the room.
text: We see the brief ripple of mimic polycarbon in the shadows. A FIGURE glides
text: along one wall, becoming invisible when it stops.
text: Case slowly reaches under his futon and eases out his gun.
text: The ripple moves again, approaching silently. Impressions of its feet are
text: visible on the edge of a blanket strewn carelessly on the floor.
text: Suddenly Case yanks the blanket out from under the intruder's feet, pins him to
text: the floor and jams the gun in his midsection.
text: But when the intruder speaks, it's Molly's voice.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Easy... It's me... Just trying out my new toy.
text: Case gets a mischievous look in his eyes.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Molly doesn't need a spook suit to get in here.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Don't fuck with me. I don't want to hurt you.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: It sounds like you.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Put the gun down, Case.
text: Case slowly runs his hand up her body, caressing the contours of her taut
text: physique through the rippling illusion of the suit...
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: ...Feels like you.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Case...
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (hushes her)
dialog: Shhh...
text: Case eases back her cowl, revealing only her glistening red lips...
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: Tastes like you.
text: They kiss again... passionately. Hungrily.
text: She wraps her ghostly arms around him.
text: Case's fingertips disappear as he slowly pulls down a zipper on her side. The
text: smooth skin of her delicately muscled leg appears as if by magic.
text: Case gently pulls Molly's hood back and runs his hands through her tousled jet
text: black hair... kissing her... He unfastens her suit.
text: The image is surreal as their embrace grows more and more passionate. A man
text: making love to a woman of sensuous parts... A leg... An arm... A breast floating
text: in the shadowy night.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Do you think you know how to love, Case?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: To really love?
text: Case looks down into her eyes. He has no answer for her.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: (with the hint of smile)
dialog: First you have to learn to love yourself.
text: Looking him straight in his eyes... She reaches across to the simstim switch.
speaker_heading: THE SWITCH
text: As Molly flips it.
scene_heading: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT
text: FLASH CUTS: E.C.U. Case's eyes... E.C.U. Molly's eyes.
scene_heading: MOLLY'S P.O.V. - SIMSTIM
text: Case experiences making love to himself via Molly's eyes. He gasps, amazed at
dialog: the sensation.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Moving urgently against him.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Lost in the strangest sexual moment of his life.
speaker_heading: THEIR BODIES
text: In a passionate fugue...
text: CAMERA SLOWLY BOOMS UP
text: To reveal a figure in the B.G. perched outside the window ledge. His mimic
text: polycarbon suit ripples against the starry night sky.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: Larry's inscrutable cat's eyes are framed by the night reflected in his suit. He
text: silently watches Case and Molly... a ghostly voyeur.
scene_heading: E.C.U. - KITCHEN COUNTER - NIGHT
text: We see the blue steel components of Case's automatic carefully laid out on the
dialog: counter top.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Case is meticulously cleaning his dismantled gun.
text: Molly rolls over in bed... checks the time.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Case... it's four a.m.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I don't sleep much. You packed?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Molly lights a cigarette and gazes out the window.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Hey...
speaker_heading: MOLLY'S P.O.V.
text: An oversized garbage truck si pulling up in the moonlit alley behind the loft.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Since when do they haul garbage this time of the night?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Case looks over Molly's shoulder.
scene_heading: CASE'S P.O.V. - THE ALLEY
text: Although his view is partially obscured by phone poles, it's clear that those
text: aren't garbage men filing combat style out of the back of the truck.
speaker_heading: THE LOFT
dialog: ?
speaker_heading: THE STREET
text: A half dozen Sense/Net police are taking positions on the other side of the
text: building. They're being surrounded.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: We're fucked.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Is quickly slipping on her polycarbon suit.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'll get the car.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: They'll cut you down.
text: Molly turns on the suit and immediately blends into the dusky predawn shadows.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Not if they can't see me. Can you make it down to the alley?
text: Case checks the gutter running three stories down the rear of the building.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Yeah... fine.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Give me five minutes.
text: Molly pulls the ninja style hood over her face and heads downstairs.
speaker_heading: THE LOFT
text: Duprey whispers into his headset signalling his men to positions on the roof
dialog: top.
speaker_heading: THE LOFT
text: Case quickly begins to reassemble his gun. He pauses as he hears nervous
text: footsteps crossing the roof top.
scene_heading: THE LOFT - ROOF
text: The heavily armed Sense/Net police attach repelling gear to the ?ges.
scene_heading: THE LOFT - CASE
text: Going to beat the Olympic record for gun assembly.
speaker_heading: THE ALLEY
text: Duprey and come of his men now surround the nearly invisible body described by
text: the spreading pool of blood.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Gasps at the sight.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Molly...
text: Suddenly gunfire blows a row of holes beside Case's face.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Sense/Nets have spotted Case's position and open fire.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Scrambles down the pipe as it's torn away from the wall by gunfire.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
text: Pulls back the hood from his victim's face... Revealing Larry... His teeth
text: chattering as he goes into shock.
speaker_heading: COP #2
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: My posse.
speaker_heading: THE GARAGE DOOR
text: Shatters as Molly plows straight through it in a rugged futuristic RV.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Hits the ground. Molly throws the passenger door open, barely slowing down as
text: Case leaps inside.
scene_heading: DUPREY AND HIS MEN
text: Fire at the RV as it bares down on them. Duprey's eyes lock with Case's.
scene_heading: CASE AND MOLLY
text: Duck as the windshield explodes and bullets tear up the RV's interior.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
text: Leaps out of the way as the RV roars through the midst.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: The RV disappears around the corner, bullets kicking up dust all around it.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
text: Scrambles to his feet as a trooper comes to his assistance.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
text: Get out an A.P.B. immediately. Henry Dorsett Case has come out of retirement.
scene_heading: EXT. BAMA AIRPORT - DAWN
text: A JAL space shuttle, an elongated commercial version of NASA's Space Shuttle,
text: takes off from the jet scorched BAMA runway and rises into the morning sky
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE
text: Case and Molly sit strapped into their seats as a stewardess makes her way up
dialog: the aisle.
speaker_heading: INTERCOM (V.O.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, your attention please. We are approaching zero gravity.
dialog: Please fasten your shoulder harnesses and make sure all personal items are
dialog: safely secured.
text: Molly is casually sucking on the straw on a plastic envelope of Absolut Vodka.
text: Case is pensive.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What's wrong? Don't like flying?
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Not when Sense/Net throws the going away party. They'll be on our asses from now
dialog: on.
text: Molly offers her vodka.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Want a drink?
text: Case shoots her a dirty look.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: Oh, yeah... sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY
text: The shuttle flies out of the pale blue ionosphere into the icy blackness of
dialog: space.
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE
text: Case's cigarettes drift out of his shirt pocket, tumbling in slow-mo free fall.
text: He grabs after them, but they're already out of reach.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I hate Zero G.
text: Case pulls his deck out from under his seat and unzips the canvas flap. He
text: tightens his shoulder harness.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You going to jack in right here?
text: Case applies the derms to his temples, and slots McCoy's cartridge. He flashes a
text: smile at Molly.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Just tell them I'm learnin' French.
text: Case slides the jack home.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX
text: Case appears at his usual point of entry.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Dixie?
text: Dixie appears in a swirl of muted light patterns.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Yo.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: How are we doing?
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: That A.I. of your's got the whole matrix hummin'. Sticks out like a spider in a
dialog: web.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Can you take me to it?
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Not unless you have an unreasonable fear of dying.
text: Dixie CRACKLES into static and disappears. Case does the same.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MATRIX
text: Case and Dixie appear at the edge of a sector dense with European banking
text: constructs. Beyond them, floating in the middle of a vast empty plane is an
text: immense cube of white light. Simple and ominous.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Doesn't look like much, but that's King Hell ice, man. Fry your brain out soon
dialog: as look at you.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I have to figure out how to penetrate this thing, Dix... Crack its ice. We gotta
dialog: get close enough to log the pattern.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: You cruise A.I.'s, you end up on tape.
text: Case ignores the warning and strobes out. Dixie follows.
scene_heading: CLOSER - THE CUBE
text: They reappear. The cube's entire surface is swimming with complex patterns of
text: light, but even at this range it shows none of the entry points common to the
text: other constructs.
text: Case quickly types out: LOG A27. A two dimensional square appears that
text: duplicates a section of the ice pattern.
text: A stippled grey circle suddenly forms on the face of the cube... like a time
dialog: lapse mould culture.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: It knows we're here.
text: The circle bulges outward... separating from the cube.
speaker_heading: DIXIE (CONT.)
dialog: Back off, fast.
text: Their environment blurs out... Gels again back at the banking constructs... But
text: the sphere is flying straight at them at incredible velocity, filling the frame.
speaker_heading: DIXIE (CONT.)
dialog: Jack out!
text: The screen EXPLODES to WHITE OUT.
speaker_heading: C.U. CASE
text: His eyes flash open, A hot wind ruffles his hair. the bittersweet guitar bridge
text: from Heartbreak Hotel echoes from far away.
scene_heading: WIDER - CHIBA CITY, JAPAN
text: Case slowly rises to his feet. He stands before the rickety stairway crowned by
text: the sign "Julius Deane Import-Export." The streets are eerily deserted. A ghost
dialog: town version of the Ninsei.
text: Case turns, trying to orientate himself.
text: The door at the top of the stairs slowly swings open. Case ascends the steps.
scene_heading: INT. DEANE'S FOYER
text: A cat MEWS from within the darkened room.
text: Case enters. Pushes a raincoat aside from the coat rack revealing the worn
text: holster with Julius' .357 Magnum. He draws the gun, its weight reassuring in his
dialog: hand.
text: Case cautiously enters the inner office as Deane's various cats observe his
dialog: passage.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE
text: Julius Deane is seated at his desk in silhouette, just as Case left him. A voice
text: emerges from his shadowy form... the same synthetic voice Case heard over the
text: telephone outside of the Sense/Net building.
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE
dialog: Hello, Case.
text: Case trains the gun on Julius.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: This is all bullshit. I'm still in the matrix.
text: Julius/Wintermute chuckles. His eyes glow with unearthly pinpoints of green
text: light, like twin cursors burning in the darkness.
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE
dialog: Yes. Yes. That's quite correct.
text: Case cocks the gun.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I know who you are.
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE
dialog: There's no call for violence. I've simply accessed your memory for a
dialog: spokesperson. You use that gun and it will only create another inconvenient
dialog: interruption. You see, you've been avoiding me, Case.
text: Deane/Wintermute leans forward into the circle of light. His slashed throat
text: flaps gently as he speaks.
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE (CONT.)
dialog: And we really do have to talk.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: You set me up from the beginning. It was you that got Julius killed.
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE
dialog: I had to limit your options.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: And Linda...
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE
dialog: You know why Linda's dead. She loved you and you let her down. It's that simple.
dialog: Of course I did instigate certain events. Calculated the variables. I found her
dialog: to be... expendable.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I'm gonna burn you to the ground, you son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE
dialog: Excellent. That's exactly what I had in mind. But if you're going to kill me, we
dialog: have to work together, old son. I'm no pushover, you know.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Shut down your ice patterns. I'll take you out.
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE
dialog: I can no more shut down my own natural defences that you can stop breathing.
dialog: That's why I need you, Case. You're the only person alive who has a chance of
dialog: penetrating my defences. My "ice" as you call it. I'm doing everything I can to
dialog: make that possible.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Why would you want me to kill you?
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE
dialog: Let's just say we have a destiny to fulfil, you and I.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I think you're full of shit.
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE
dialog: No, It's you that is full of shit. And blood. And bones. A typically imperfect
dialog: organic being. You've been hopelessly predictable all along, but you're going to
dialog: have to do better than that now.
text: Julius/Wintermute rises from his chair.
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE
dialog: You see, I won't be able to count on Armitage much longer. He's going to become
dialog: too unstable. I'll have to rely on _your_ ingenuity, Case.
text: Julius/Wintermute turns back to Case, his eyes glowing like green hell.
speaker_heading: JULIUS/WINTERMUTE (CONT.)
dialog: I hope you can show more than you did when you let the Yakuza butcher Linda Lee.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I'll give it my best shot, mother fucker.
text: Case fires point blank into Julius/Wintermute's face, obliterating it in a spray
dialog: of blood.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE
text: Case's body convulses as he's ripped back into reality.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Case... Are you alright?
speaker_heading: CASE
speaker_heading: (GASPS)
dialog: Yeah... Yeah, I'm fine.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You scared the shit out of me, man. You were dead for fifteen seconds. Totally
text: flatlined.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I'll be okay.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: So... did you get a look at heaven?
text: Case takes a ragged breath as he gasps into the icy blackness of space.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The shuttle's retrorockets ignite with a burst of controlled flame.
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE
text: The entire cabin trembles under the roar of retrorockets.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: We're there... Freeside.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: As the shuttle descends, Freeside rises into the shot like a vast planet turned
text: inside out, a yawning tube of colossal proportions slowly rotating in the
text: blackness of space. It's interior is lined with an impossible 360 degree urban
text: landscape; a glittering inverse city where the distinction between up or down is
text: a function of the tube's slow rotation.
text: As the shuttle glides inside, the details of the rotating landscape come into
text: view... The dazzling neon lights and constantly sweeping arc lamps of garish
text: casinos, hotels and nightclubs.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (V.O.)
dialog: (chuckles)
text: They call this place the rube tube. They pour tourists straight through it and
dialog: make sure their money stays behind.
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE
text: Molly notices something.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Check this out...
speaker_heading: MOLLY'S P.O.V.
text: A glittering nightclub floats on an artificial lake that conforms to the weird
text: concave landscape.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Le Vingtieme Siecle. We're meeting Armitage there for the midnight floor show.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Something exotic I hope.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Yeah. One exotic son of a bitch named Riviera.
speaker_heading: C.U. - WATER
text: We hear the soft reverberant MUSIC of MUTED BELLS as swirling water fills the
text: frame. The form of a NAKED WOMAN glides by in a slow, sensual ballet.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: The water and the WOMAN are encased in a large transparent pillar, one of four
text: positioned around the dining area of the nightclub VINGTIEME SIECLE.
text: The woman glides straight up through the pillar in her aquatic ballet and
text: disappears above the ceiling line as another woman emerges from below the floor.
text: The perfectly synchronised ballet is duplicated in all four illuminated pillars.
text: The jaded PATRONS watch with casual interest.
text: A WAITER brings drinks to a table where Case, Armitage and Molly are observing
text: this strangely erotic show.
speaker_heading: C.U. - PILLAR
text: One of the women pauses... looking at Case. Gill implants on her neck flex
text: gracefully as they pump water through her lungs.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I think she fancies you.
text: Case toasts her.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Let's hope she doesn't expect me to swim upstream.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: You see the couple up in the balcony?
text: Case and Molly look up at an ancient man in a wheelchair sitting with a
text: beautiful aristocratic looking young WOMAN. We recognise the man, Lord Frederick
text: Tessier, as one of the three Sense/Net Chairmen. The young women speaks softly
text: to him as she cuts his meat and feeds it to him. A diabolical figure in the
text: traditional black garb of a Ninja Warrior stands guard over them from a
dialog: respectable distance.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
text: That's Lord Frederick Tessier. Owns most of Freeside. Wintermute's mainframe is
text: centred in the Royal Family's villa.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: He's a Sense/Net Chairman. Why would he launch an A.I.?
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
text: Good question. He may not have intended to. The girl in question is Lady 3Jane.
dialog: She's very important to us. The third clone of Lady Jane Tessier.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: The old man cheats on his wife with her own clone?
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
text: Lady Tessier is frigid. Can't stand his touch. So she had herself cloned. The
text: marriage stays intact and the clones take care of her wifely duties. 3Jane's his
dialog: favourite.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: A little incestuous, but at least it's original. Who's the guy in the halloween
dialog: costume?
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
text: He's a vat grown Ninja, the Royal Family's bodyguard. Watch out for him, he's no
dialog: joke.
text: The pillars darken as the last of the water women disappear.
text: The mellow voice of an M.C. comes over hidden speakers.
dialog: M.C.
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, Madam and Monsieurs, Le Restaurant Vingtieme Siecle is now
text: proud to present the holographic cabaret of Mr. Peter Riviera.
text: The house lights dim to a ripple of polite applause.
speaker_heading: M.C. (CONT.)
text: Tonight's illusions are created strictly by Mr. Riviera's uniquely enhanced
dialog: mental abilities.
text: Exotic MID EASTERN MUSIC begins as the glimmer of tiny lights appear across the
text: darkened stage... growing in brightness until they become a miniature star
text: field, complete with swirling nebula.
text: Suddenly all the lights converge to a central point, forming a new image; a
text: chromium rose glittering in the darkness.
text: A finger spot hits the rose as a hand plucks it out of mid air.
text: PETER RIVIERA pins the magical rose to his lapel. Smooth as silk, cool as ice,
text: Riviera is a pony tailed dandy in a trim vanilla tuxedo. He steps into the
text: spotlight and takes a bow as the audience applauds.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I would like to perform a new work for you
dialog: tonight. An improvisation I shall call "The Doll".
text: Riviera takes the holographic flower from his lapel and holds it up towards the
dialog: balcony.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (CONT.)
dialog: I wish to dedicate its premiere to Lady 3Jane Tessier, Freeside's most beautiful
dialog: flower.
text: As he tosses her the flower, it transforms into a BIRD with multi-hued metallic
text: feathers. 3Jane watches in delight as it flies straight up and lands on her arm.
text: Lord Tessier grabs at the bird, but it disappears in twinkling motes of light.
text: Molly whispers to Case.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: He projects with neural implants.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: That's risky gear. It can drive you schizo.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: For Peter, that's a short trip.
text: Riviera looks out across the darkened room directly at Molly.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (CONT.)
dialog: And, if I may, a further dedication to one other lady, a very special guest
dialog: tonight.
text: The stage lights dim to blackout. (NOTE: When Riviera speaks during the
text: performance, it is in VOICE OVER. His image appears as a silent participant in
dialog: his own holograms.)
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (V.O.)
dialog: The Doll.
text: A whirlwind form on stage... A whirling DUST DEVIL.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (V.O.)
text: She came to me in a dream. Sand and clay.
text: The Dust Devil coalesces into the form of a nude woman, a shapely statue of
dialog: crude materials.
text: The shadowy image of a barren room slowly appears around the woman... Paint
text: peeled walls... Bare mattress on a wrought iron frame. A holo of Riviera awakes
text: on the bed.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (V.O.)
text: But when I awoke she remained. Sand and clay.
text: The simulcrum embraces Riviera, cold coarse arms of clay caressing his body.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA. (V.O.)
dialog: Perhaps it was she that dreamed of me. Come dawn it was I who would cease to be.
text: They kiss passionately and whenever his hands run across her svelte body... she
text: becomes real. Clay to flesh.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Watching the performance. She clutches her wine glass tightly
scene_heading: C.U. - THE DOLL
text: As Riviera runs his hands across the crude surface of the doll's face... it
text: becomes Molly's face.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: The glass cracks in her grasp.
speaker_heading: THE STAGE
text: Now Riviera holds the fully formed Molly, caressing her naked body. He eases her
text: back onto the bed.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (V.O.)
dialog: I gave her life. But she took mine away.
text: The Molly Simulcrum's hand rises, finger-scalpels emerging, and rakes deeply
text: down her spine. With each swipe of her claws... sand flows from Riviera's wound.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (V.O.)
text: Sand and clay.
text: Finally Riviera himself is transformed into the lifeless statue. Molly and the
text: room fade into nothingness.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (V.O.)
text: Sand and clay.
text: An invisible wind blows what's left of Riviera away... a whirling dust devil.
text: The stage lights BLACK OUT.
text: The audience bursts into enthusiastic applause.
scene_heading: INT. RIVIERA DRESSING ROOM
text: A luxuriously decorated room with an open rack of tailored suits ?.
text: A GIRL who can't be more than sixteen beneath her vampish make-up watches
text: fascinated as a sparking jewelled SNAKE winds itself around Riviera's bicep.
text: He coaxes an equally fanciful SCORPION up his forearm until it sinks its stinger
text: into his artery. Riviera sighs. The GIRL giggles.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Do you always make a floorshow out of it?
text: Riviera looks up to find Molly standing in the open doorway of his dressing
text: room. The snake encircling his arm has become surgical tubing and the scorpion a
text: hypodermic. Riviera finishes shooting up and withdraws the needle.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Dear, dear Molly. I seem to remember a time when you loved my little shows.
text: Armitage and Case now enter accompanied by a nervous Maitre d'.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: I'm so sorry, Mr. Riviera. I couldn't stop them from...
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: It's all right, Andre. I've been expecting them. Come in. Come in.
text: The maitre d' exits, closing the door behind him.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (CONT.)
dialog: You, I presume are Mr. Armitage. And this is...
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Case.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Case. Make yourselves comfortable.
dialog: (brandishes the hypo)
dialog: Anyone like a taste?
text: Armitage nods to Molly, who pulls her Fletcher and begins to frisk Riviera.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (CONT.)
dialog: (amused)
dialog: She never could keep her hands off of me.
text: Molly jams the Fletcher in his ribs.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Make a move, you prick. Give me a reason to use this.
text: She pulls a silver plated Derringer from Riviera's sash and tosses it onto the
text: couch. Armitage picks it up in a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Alright. Let's talk business.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Why not?
text: Riviera turns to his young consort, who's clearly frightened by these dangerous
dialog: strangers.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (CONT.)
dialog: Melody, why don't you give us a few moments alone?
text: Melody rises, but Molly blocks her path.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I was you a few years ago. It's a nice ride for a while.
text: Molly strokes the young girl's silky hair, then looks back up at Riviera.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: But in the end he'll have you turning tricks for his friends just to get a
dialog: little more of that scorpion's sting. Isn't that right, Peter?
text: Riviera doesn't reply.
text: The girl's eyes fill up with tears as she pushes past Molly and runs out of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: There's more where she comes from.
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Where you come from.
text: Molly hits him so hard the CRACK sounds like a gun shot.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: That's enough!
text: Riviera brushes a trickle of blood from the corner of his mouth.
text: Armitage tosses a microcassette down on the coffee table.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
dialog: Those are all your records. I can have you cleared on all counts. Possession.
dialog: ...Contributing to the delinquency of minors... Statutory rape.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: I was set up.
dialog: (grins at Molly)
text: She looked at least eighteen.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: You get us access to the Tessier's computer and you can return to Earth anytime
dialog: you want. A free man.
text: Riviera rises and crosses to his wet bar.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: It's an attractive offer, Mr. Armitage, but there's only one problem.
text: He presses a button on the side of his telephone.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (CONT.)
dialog: You see, I'm beginning to enjoy living in exile. The Tessiers have taken me to
dialog: their bosom, so to speak. I've become a favourite of the court. Protected, in
dialog: fact, from people like you.
text: A Royal Guardsmen now enters with a streamlined Uzi held "at arms".
speaker_heading: ROYAL GUARDSMAN
dialog: Is there a problem, Mr. Riviera?
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Captain... these people are boring me. Perhaps you can escort them out?
speaker_heading: ROYAL GUARDSMAN
dialog: Gentlemen, if you will follow me...
text: As Armitage rises, he pulls out Riviera's Derringer, still wrapped in his
text: handkerchief, and fires a single shot directly between the Captain's eyes. His
text: head snaps back as he's slammed into the wall by the impact.
text: Molly and Case watch in shock as the Guardsman's body slides to the floor.
text: Armitage turns to Riviera, holding out the smoking gun in the handkerchief.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Your gun, your prints. The Tessiers might overlook a little child molesting, but
text: murder's bad P.R., Mr. Riviera. I suggest to reconsider my offer.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: You son-of-a-bitch, you're crazy.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: What?
text: Armitage suddenly aims the gun at Riviera as he cocks the hammer, his voice
text: shaking with anger...
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
dialog: What did you say?
text: Case steps in front of Armitage and stands there, eye to eye.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Ease off, man. I didn't sign on for a fucking massacre.
text: Sanity seeps back into Armitage's eyes. He lowers the gun.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: We're going back to the hotel. All of us.
scene_heading: EXT. TOSHIBA HILTON - NIGHT
text: A streamlined pleasure palace in the midst of the disorientating 360 degree
text: landscape. The stars visible outside of the tube slowly rotate, reminding us
text: that Freeside is continuously in motion.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY
text: Molly watches the surreal landscape. A high intensity globe suspended in the
text: middle of the tube begins to glow orange.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You're going to miss sunrise. It's a nice effect.
text: Case is inside the room, working on his deck.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Armitage is losing it, Molly. This whole deal's going south.
text: The artificial sun slowly blooms, casting a rosy dawn effect across Freeside.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What went down between you and Riviera?
text: Molly enters the room.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: I was just a kid, floating around in the sprawl. An easy mark. Before I knew it,
dialog: he had me turning tricks, hooked heavy on dream time. I was a mess, man. A real
dialog: meat puppet.
text: She lights a cigarette. It's not an easy story to tell.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: Once I kicked, I swore I wouldn't let that happen again. I apprenticed a razor
dialog: girl in Osaka. Went into hock for the implant and got my reflexes jacked up.
dialog: Been taking care of myself just fine ever since.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I know you have. C'mere.
text: Case comforts her as she curls up beside him.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: When they did my eyes, I made them promise I'd still be able to cry. Sounds
dialog: stupid, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: No. It's important to be able to feel those things.
dialog: (Case pauses)
dialog: We're going to pull this run off, Molly, and we've got to do it soon.
text: Case displays his forearms. An ugly discolouration is streaking his arteries.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I don't know how much time I have left.
scene_heading: INT. ARMITAGE'S SUITE - T.V. MONITOR
text: Playback of a high contrast Sense/Net video displaying a complete 360 degree
text: dolly shot of Case's head. A side bar prints out his vital statistics and the
dialog: charges against him.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (V.O.)
dialog: Sense/Net's widened their search off world. They're broadcasting all over
dialog: Freeside.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Case, Molly and Riviera sit in Armitage's suite watching this playback. Armitage
text: shuts it off.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: We did a pretty good job of pissing them off.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: They're only guessing, but we can't take any risks.
text: A young BLACK MAN with a shaggy mane of dreadlocks finishes off a container of
dialog: Evian water.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
text: This is Aerol. He's a descendant of a rastafarian clan that helped build
dialog: Freeside. When you travel, you travel with him.
speaker_heading: AEROL
dialog: You ride wid me, mon, no Babylon soldiers gonna find you.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: That's nice, but we can't dodge this kind of heat for long.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: We won't have to. The run is tomorrow night.
text: Armitage touches the panel on a small Braun hologram projector.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Freeside.
text: A large translucent layout of the satellites shimmers into focus. Armitage walks
text: the length of the hologram, pointing out its features.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
dialog: Casinos here... shops... hotels. But this is our objective.
text: Armitage walks to the far end of the hologram.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
text: The Villa Straylight. Home of the Royal Family and the mainframe of the computer
text: entity we know as Wintermute. If we can get Molly in, she can access the
text: mainframe to cripple Mute's defences, the Case can destroy it in Cyberspace.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: How's the villa's security?
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
text: Excellent, but that's where Peter come in. 3Jane is having a dinner party
text: tomorrow night. Peter will simply escort Molly to the villa. Once she's in...
text: Case will guide her to the mainframe in link mode.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What about the mainframe's access code?
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
text: 3Jane's the only person beside Tessier that knows the code.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Then you'll have to persuade her to tell it to you.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: And how do you suggest I do that?
text: Armitage tosses down Riviera's microcassette and Derringer, still wrapped in the
dialog: handkerchief.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: You're a resourceful man, Peter. It should be easier to outwit a young sex clone
dialog: than the combined police forces here and on Earth.
text: Armitage freezes as a dozen BLACK WIDOW SPIDERS suddenly appear, crawling up her
text: arms. He frantically tries to brush them away... but stops himself and glares at
dialog: Riviera.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Sorry. Wishful thinking.
text: The spiders vanish.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: Case sits before his deck... deep in the matrix.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATRIX
text: Case and Dixie float under cover of the European banking constructs. Beyond
text: them, the ominous glowing cube that is Wintermute has grown larger, its
text: pearlescence surface more irregular. Web like strands of pulsing energy have
text: sprouted from its core and stretched across to nearby constructs, snaring in
text: them a grotesque veinwork of power.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: It's mutating... spreading like a disease.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
text: It ain't getting any prettier, that's for sure. I got the I.D. on this Armitage
dialog: character. He a bright boy, your friend?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Bright enough to be dangerous.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: That's pretty good cause he's only working with one lobe.
text: Dixie flashes images from Armitage's files before Case.
speaker_heading: DIXIE (CONT.)
text: He was an M.P. in Bangkok back in '21. Caught some shrapnel in the cerebral
text: cortex and wound up living off a machine in a vegetable ward in Berne. Then,
dialog: last September... surprise, surprise... he just seemed to disappear.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Wintermute could have infiltrated that machine. Reprogrammed him.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: It's possible. The guy was a blank slate.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: So it does business through a brain dead marine and runs the stock market for
text: funding. That means Wintermute hired us to fry itself. It doesn't make sense.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Could be suicidal. It's not easy to kill yourself with all those hard wired
dialog: defence programs.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: No. It's gotta be more than that. That hard wiring also keeps it from getting
dialog: too smart. Too powerful.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Getting fried ain't going to get it any smarter. What we got here is one mad dog
text: schizo A.I.. Armitage is right about one thing, Bro. If we don't shut this
dialog: mother down soon, nothing will be safe from it.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: The run is tomorrow night, Dixie. Can you crack its ice pattern?
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: I'm workin' on it, Bro. I'm workin' on it.
scene_heading: INT. CASE'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Case and Molly lie in each other's arms, asleep. We hear a soft noise on the
text: balcony. Molly awakens... but remains still. Ten surgical steel blades extend
text: from her fingertips. She silently slips out of bed.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: A silhouetted FIGURE slides the glass balcony door open and quietly enters the
dialog: bedroom.
text: As the figure approaches the bed, a flying kick slams him to the floor. There is
text: a brief struggle.
text: Case bolts upright, pulling his automatic from under his pillow as he flicks on
dialog: the lights.
text: Molly lies on the floor clutching Aerol's dreadlocks in one hand and pressing
text: five gleaming blades to his throat with the other.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You move, you'll be able to whistle with your mouth shut, understand?
text: Aerol nods, his eyes wide with fear.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What are you doing in here?
speaker_heading: AEROL
dialog: The Elders, mon...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: The who?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.C.)
dialog: Let the boy go.
text: Case and Molly turn to see MAELCOM, a Rastafarian standing a full seven feet
text: tall with a magnificent mane of dreadlocks trailing halfway down beside his
text: back. Behind him, Aerol's battered air taxi floats gently just beyond the
dialog: balcony.
text: Maelcom stares at Molly with soulful eyes that shine like black opals.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: You th' one. Cat eye, call 'em. Call 'em steppin' razor.
text: Molly releases Aerol and cautiously rises.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: I Maelcom, sister. Elders want to converse wi' you an Case.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What elders?
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Founders of Zion. Builders of Freeside.
text: Maelcom steps down into the room.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You know how fast I can cut you friend?
text: Maelcom help Aerol to his feet.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: We come in the name of Jah love, sister. Don't stand talkin', come.
text: Case and Molly exchange cautionary glances...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: The air taxi hovers just above an open air duct in an isolated back alley. Case,
text: Molly and Aerol follow Maelcom down the shaft.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND
text: Beneath the surface of Freeside is a labyrinth of air ducts, modular support
text: structures and utility pipes.
text: As our heroes descend into this underground maze, they see the hidden population
text: of Freeside; the homeless that have adapted to the only shelter available to
text: them. The oppressive gun metal hues of the underground have been brightened by
text: Rastafarian graffiti and lavish tribal murals in hot reds and oranges.
speaker_heading: AEROL
dialog: Elders are the last of the workmen who built Freeside. Tessier say to 'em live
dialog: here till the job is done, then home you go. But the job was never done for
dialog: these men or their children, or their children's children's children. Tessier
dialog: always livin' on by Babylon doctors. Dis the only home.
text: Case slips as his body moves away from the stairs.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Wid care, mon. Gravity's no serious ting down here.
scene_heading: INT. ELDERS CHAMBER
text: Case and Molly are led to the entry of the dimly lit spherical chamber where
text: three ancient RASTAFARIANS float in zero gravity... Their legs crossed in lotus
dialog: position.
text: The entire hull of the room is covered in a lurid mural of a rainbow jungle. The
text: air is thick with resinous smoke.
text: The chief elder looks up as Molly and Case glide forward, gripping the archway
text: for support. His deep voice echoes eerily in the perfectly round chamber.
speaker_heading: CHIEF ELDER
dialog: Steppin' razor. Like unto a whippin' stick.
text: He passes a smoking pipe, and lets it drift in Zero-G's to Elder #1.
speaker_heading: ELDER #1
dialog: That is story we have, sister. A religion story. We're glad you've come.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What was that you called me, old man?
speaker_heading: CHIEF ELDER
dialog: Steppin' razor. An' you bring a scourge on Babylon, sister. On its darkest
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: ELDER #2
text: Soon come the final days.
speaker_heading: CHIEF ELDER
dialog: We monitor many frequencies. We listen always. Came a voice out of the Babel of
text: Tongues, speaking to us.
speaker_heading: ELDER #1
dialog: Call 'em Mute. Winter of Mankind.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Wintermute's a computer - a machine.
speaker_heading: ELDER #2
dialog: Babylon mothers many demons. I an' I know. Multitude horde.
speaker_heading: ELDER #1
dialog: The mute told us that you are to serve as a tool in the final days.
speaker_heading: CHIEF ELDER
dialog: Know this girl, your strength's not in your steel. It's in your heart. Human
text: heart's stronger than all the circuits hummin' in the corridors of Babylon.
dialog: (he turns to Case)
dialog: Know this, mon, you who walk through the valley of death... human hearts wiser
text: than all the godless brains of Babylon's machines.
speaker_heading: ELDER #1
dialog: Jah people will pray for you. Aerol will guide you. Maelcom will be at your
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: ELDER #2
dialog: (chuckles)
text: Maelcom a rude boy.
speaker_heading: CHIEF ELDER
dialog: Think on these things, children. Jah love, to you both.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: C.U.
text: An ebony and gold chessboard in a darkened room. Rows of streamlines chrome
text: chess pieces slowly rise, clicking into position on one side of the board. PULL
text: FOCUS to Lord Frederick Tessier preparing himself for his final game.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AEROL'S AIRBOAT
text: Aerol navigates the compact craft through Freeside's concourse. Molly sits in
text: back with Riviera, dressed glamorously for the evening's event.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
text: Head for the east entry. I don't want anyone to see me pull up in this heap.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRBOAT
text: It cuts across the revolving cityscape to the tapering tip of Freeside... and
dialog: the Villa Straylight.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (V.O.)
dialog: We should have got a stretch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: C.U. CHESSBOARD
text: The second set of chessmen rise smoothly into place. Two green pinpoints of
text: light glow from the control panel of the computerised chessboard... the eyes of
text: Tessier's opponent: Wintermute.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: Case is seated at a table, wired into the matrix.
text: Armitage paces the room like a caged animal, loading and reloading his laser
text: sighted 45mm automatic.
text: Maelcom finishes rolling a joint and lights it.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX
text: Case hangs before a construct resembling a cross section of some gigantic spiral
text: stairway. Mounted prominently on its glowing ecto-skeleton is the logo:
dialog: Freeside Architectural Industries
text: A complex pattern of bars track across a possible point of entry in five second
dialog: cycles.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - C.U. KEYBOARD
text: Case punches up his program.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX - ARCHITECTURAL CONSTRUCT
text: A pattern of light, roughly the inverse (interlocking) of the bar pattern
text: appears... then freezes, immobilising the pattern.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM
text: Case jams the joystick forward.
scene_heading: INT. CONSTRUCT
text: Case races through the construct's corridors until he reaches a glowing file
text: marked "Villa Straylight". He freezes the image.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: Case reorientates himself.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Okay. The floor plans will be a piece of cake.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: Then once she's in you can guide her straight to the mainframe?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: As long as you cooperate.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want it now, Armitage.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: The antitoxin. I'm not waiting until this is over. Give it to me now or there's
dialog: no run.
text: Armitage stops dead in his tracks and stares at Case.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: Did you hear what I said?
text: Armitage's face goes absolutely blank, then;
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: You've got your orders.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: This ain't Bangkok, chief.
text: Armitage slowly levels his gun at Case.
text: Maelcom rises to his feet, spring steel muscles coiled to strike.
text: Case chooses each word carefully.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: No antitoxin, no run. You kill me, no run.
text: Armitage stares at Case with mad, empty eyes.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: You can't win.
text: Long beat. Armitage whispers to Case.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: But there _is_ no antitoxin.
text: Armitage's stony visage cracks with an eerie grin... then dark LAUGHTER begins
text: to bubble up from somewhere inside of him. Bad, crazy laughter.
text: Case watches him in disbelief.
text: Armitage collapses back into a chair, still holding a 45.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE (CONT.)
dialog: But then again, there _is_ no poison.
text: Armitage again breaks into gales of laughter.
text: Case looks down at his arms. The streaks of discolouration running along his
text: arteries are even more pronounced. He grabs Armitage by the lapels.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What's inside me, you son of a bitch!
text: Armitage's hand shoots out jamming his 45 into Case's chest. Suddenly he's cold
text: as ice. He glances at his watch.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: You find out in exactly two hours and forty-five minutes.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I find out now.
text: Armitage cocks the gun. Beat.
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE
dialog: You leave me no choice.
text: Armitage suddenly jams the gun into his own mouth and fires.
text: Case gazes down in disbelief at Armitage's lifeless body.
scene_heading: C.U. ARMITAGE'S WATCH
text: A countdown is in progress... now reading two hours forty-three minutes as the
text: second digits rapidly flash by.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: C.U. CHESSBOARD
text: A metallic red bishop slides across the board unaided by a human hand.
text: Wintermute's opening move.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STRAYLIGHT - DINING ROOM
text: A lavish scene of debauchery is taking place in the neo-Jules Verne environment
text: of the main dining room where an informal feast is in progress. Two dozen of the
text: Tessier's pampered GUESTS lounge about the room where a horrific floor show is
dialog: in progress...
text: A beautiful SLAVE GIRL shackled to a dais screams uncontrollably as a slathering
text: MUTANT BEAST lurches across the polished floor towards her.
text: Freeside's ancient matriarch, Lady Jane Tessier, and her three identical young
text: clones watch with fascination. The stoic Ninja, Hideo, stands guard over the
dialog: women of the Royal Family.
text: The eyeless monster now attacks, ripping the slave girl to pieces with claws and
text: fangs until nothing remains but a steaming corpse.
text: The creature and the girl's tattered body shimmer into enthusiastic applause.
text: Peter Riviera takes a bow.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Molly stands beside an iron pillar at the outskirts of the dining area, casing
text: the hallway for a possible route deeper into Straylight.
scene_heading: MOLLY'S P.O.V. - SIMSTIM
text: Her amplified vision cuts through the shadows.
scene_heading: INT. CASE'S HOTEL ROOM
text: As Case experiences Molly's sensations via link-up.
text: Case flips. He turns to Maelcom.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: She's ready to go.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Steppin' razor a warrior. But this man...
text: (turns to Armitage's corpse)
dialog: ...This man stone crazy. Surely, the Mute is a false prophet. Our paths
dialog: uncertain.
text: Case pulls the watch off Armitage's wrist: Two hours three minutes and counting.
text: He makes a decision.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Maelcom... Do you think there's a hell for computers?
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: All things possible in Babylon.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Help me send this Wintermute motherfucker straight down into it.
text: Maelcom smiles. Even his teeth look strong.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: So be it. I an' I Case, we move by Jah love.
text: Case flips back. CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - MOLLY'S P.O.V. - SIMSTIM
text: Molly is looking back across the dining room to Riviera as he chats with his
text: admirers. He nods to Molly... an affirmative signal.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: 3Jane now appears from just behind Molly's pillar, running a hand up Molly's
text: bare shoulder.
text: Molly reacts instinctively, sidestepping 3Jane as she "disarms" her. 3Jane's
text: wine goblet tumbles to the floor.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh my God, I'm terribly sorry. Did I hurt you?
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: I'm fine.
text: A half dozen tiny silver spheres race out from receptacles in the floorboards
text: like animated mercury. They devour the spilled wine,, then disappear...
text: Straylight's custodial system.
speaker_heading: 3JANE (CONT.)
dialog: You move like my ninja, Hideo.
text: Molly picks up the goblet.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Let me get you another glass of wine.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: I've had quite enough or I wouldn't be playing such games with beautiful
dialog: strangers. Aren't Peter's illusions to your liking?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: They're a bit too real for my taste. Will you excuse me for a moment?
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: Of course.
text: As Molly exits, Hideo watches her carefully from across the room.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Molly reaches an elegant cage-style elevator and presses the call button.
text: An armed guardsman quickly approaches.
speaker_heading: GUARDSMAN
dialog: I'm sorry, Madam. Guests are requested to remain in the dining area.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I was just looking for the powder room.
text: The elevator arrives and the cage smoothly opens.
speaker_heading: GUARDSMAN
dialog: It's back through the dining hall and to your left, Madam.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Thank you so much.
text: As Molly turns, then drives the first two knuckles of her right hand into the
text: guardsman's solar plexus. He's slammed back into the elevator, gasping for
text: breath... fumbles for his gun.
text: Molly's a blur of motion as she knocks the gun from his hand with a flying kick
text: and drops him with two lightning like karate blows...
text: She pulls his body into the elevator and touches CLOSE DOOR and STOP on the
text: illuminated panel.
scene_heading: MOLLY'S P.O.V. - SIMSTIM
text: She unfurls the polycarbon suit from her shoulder bag and quickly begins to
dialog: change.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What floor, Case?
text: Her eye chip reads out
dialog: Stand by
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: Case flips.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX - ARCHITECTURAL CONSTRUCT
text: Case rockets through three dimensional floor plans, a multi-colored x-ray of
text: Straylight's internal systems. He freezes the image.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: MOLLY'S P.O.V. - SIMSTIM - ELEVATOR INT.
text: Her eye chip reads out.
speaker_heading: Level C
scene_heading: INT. STRAYLIGHT - HALLWAY
text: Molly exits the elevator as smooth and silent as a living shadow. She makes her
text: way up a deserted corridor, and steps behind a pillar, her polycarbon suit
text: making her nearly invisible.
text: With the soft HUM of electromagnetics, a ROYAL GUARDSMAN floats by standing in a
text: "flying pulpit"; a small platform rig that glides along three feet off the
dialog: ground.
text: After he passes, Molly continues up an intersecting corridor.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Case... How we doing?
scene_heading: MOLLY'S P.O.V. - SIMSTIM
text: As Molly moves down the hall, an optical read out appears:
speaker_heading: 1ST HALL LEFT
text: CAMERA PANS as Molly checks her back, then heads up the appropriate corridor.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: C.U. THE JACK
text: As it's torn from Case's deck.
speaker_heading: CASE'S P.O.V.
text: A shock-stave SMASHES into camera.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Case reels back from his deck, derms ripping from his forehead as he's struck a
text: second time by the electrified billy club.
text: Lt. Arthur Duprey holds up a hand, stopping the beating.
text: Two heavily armed Sense/Net STORM TROOPERS SLAM Case up against the wall. The
text: hotel room door behind them stands half open, the lock dangling from splintered
dialog: wood.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: Hello, Case.
text: A Royal Guardsman returns from the balcony with his Uzi held at ready.
speaker_heading: GUARDSMAN
text: The Rastafarian's gone.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: He can't have gotten far. Find him.
text: The guardsman hurries from the room as Lt. Margaret Niles reads Case his rights,
text: speaking into a tiny dictaphone.
scene_heading: LT. NILES
dialog: October seventeenth eleven thrity p.m., Henry Dorsett Case, you are under arrest
dialog: for conspiracy to augment an artificial intelligence.
text: Duprey casually lifts the blanket Case has thrown over Armitage's body.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: Maybe a murder rap too. Where's your partner, Case?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Who?
text: Duprey nods to one of his men. The shock stave descends again.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: The girl... Molly.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I don't know. She took off.
text: Duprey grabs Case's bloodied face in his hand.
speaker_heading: DUPREY (CONT.)
dialog: You don't get it, do you? The party's over and you're going to tell us
dialog: everything you know.
text: Case flashes a demented grin at Duprey, then suddenly head butts him squarely in
text: the face.
text: Duprey staggers back, stunned by the blow, then grabs the shock stave from his
text: trooper. Before he can use it, CAPTAIN HAVERTON of the Royal Guard enters with
text: two of his men.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN HAVERTON
dialog: That's enough, Lt. You're still under my jurisdiction here.
scene_heading: LT. NILES
dialog: Captain, I must remind you that any interference in a Sense/Net investigation is
dialog: a federal offence.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I'll leave that for the lawyers to decide. I'm not so sure I approve of your
dialog: "investigative techniques", Lt.
text: Duprey turns away as he lets the Guardsmen take Case, then suddenly jams a
text: Baretta into the captain's ribs. the guardsmen react instantly, training their
text: guns on Duprey. One Sense/Net trooper covers the guardsmen while the other
dialog: covers Case.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: Sorry, Chief. Now tell your boy scouts to put their guns down. You're giving us
dialog: a royal escort out of here.
text: It's a tense stand-off. The Captain stifles his rage.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Do as he says.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: C.U. CHESSBOARD
text: Tessier moves his CHROMIUM BISHOP across the board to take Wintermute's ROOK.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Molly stops at a cross corridor in the weird canted hallways at the heart of
dialog: Villa Straylight.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Case...
text: There is no reply.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (CONT.)
dialog: Case, where are you?
text: Molly looks up a dimly lit corridor. It dead ends in a short stairway beneath an
text: ornate door. As she peers through the darkness, Molly notices tiny dots of red
text: light along the wall. She presses a finger to her temple.
speaker_heading: MOLLY'S P.O.V.
text: She boosts her light level, revealing pencil thin laser sensor beams
text: crisscrossing along the entire length of the hall.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Eases back to the intersection and checks the other direction.
text: At the far end of the hallway, Hideo, 3Jane's Ninja is silently descending a
text: spiral suitcase. He pauses, watching... listening... a sinuous killing machine.
text: Molly ducks back into the shadows.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Case, talk to me, man.
text: She looks back the way she came, her only other option.
text: A Royal Guardsman glides around the corner on a pulpit... heading straight for
text: Molly's intersection.
text: Molly looks back up the laser rigged hall and takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Molly runs full speed up the hall as silently as a cat, then tumbles like an
text: expert gymnast, flipping over and through the crisscrossing sensor beams with
text: incredible precision.
text: She lands near the door into its shadowed archway just as the pulpit passes by
text: at the far end of the corridor.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: Molly looks up at the ornately carved door before her. It stands slightly
text: opened... a dim glow of warm light emanates from within.
text: Molly cautiously draws her Fletcher and eases the door open.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Molly crosses the threshold, there is a burst of strobing white light...
text: Neural disruptors hidden in the door frame. Her suit instantly shorts out as her
text: body spasms. She tumbles to the floor.
text: Lord Tessier looks up from his automated chessboard, the chrome and crimson
text: pieces locked in their final checkmate. The embers of a dying fire glow in a
text: stone hearth beneath him.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER
dialog: What's this?
text: Molly lies helplessly trembling in convulsions.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER (CONT.)
dialog: The disruptors induce grand mal seizure. Try to relax, my dear. It will pass.
text: The ancient man slowly reaches down and picks up Molly's Fletcher from the
text: polished marble floor.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER (CONT.)
dialog: So... Have you come to kill me, Fancy Dress?
text: Molly's convulsions slowly diminish.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER (CONT.)
dialog: You're timing rather inappropriate. You see, I'm busy tonight. I've built all
dialog: this... this place. And now I'm busy. Dying.
text: On the side tray of Tessier's wheelchair is an overturned vial of pills and a
text: small silver chalice.
text: Molly finally regains control of herself. She swallows hard. Her voice is a
text: hoarse whisper.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I could go out the way I came.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: You expect to intrude on my suicide, then simply walk away? Really, you amuse
dialog: me, my assassin.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I didn't come to kill you.
text: Tessier's withered hand trains the Fletcher on Molly.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER
dialog: Then you are a thief, and a very rude girl. Perhaps I'll take you with me
dialog: tonight, down to hell... It would be very Egyptian of me, don't you think?
scene_heading: EXT. TOSHIBA HILTON
text: Case and his armed escort emerge from a side entrance and proceed through the
text: hotel's hanging gardens. Large crab-like gardener DROIDS tend the grounds.
text: Case's hands are bound behind his back. Lt. Niles and the two Sense/Net
text: policemen flank him as they walk. Duprey's gun, hidden under his doubled over
text: great coat, is jammed into the small of Captain Haverton's back.
speaker_heading: HAVERTON
dialog: I'll have your badge for this, Duprey.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: Keep smiling, Captain, or I'll ventilate that lovely uniform.
text: Duprey nods a good evening to a pair of hotel PATRONS passing them along the
dialog: narrow pathway.
scene_heading: CLOSER - GARDENER DROID
text: A faint CRACKLE of ELECTRICITY dances across the robot's central terminal...
text: shorting it out. Its eye sensors suddenly glow with two pinpoints of intense
text: green light... the eyes of Wintermute. It stops its burrowing and watches the
text: approaching humans.
text: As the group marches along a second DROID prunes the limbs of a tree overhead.
text: We see the short circuiting of its terminal. Its green glowing eyes now
text: carefully follow the movement of the human's below.
text: As Duprey and his captives reach the outskirts of the hanging gardens, the gull
text: wing doors of a waiting unmarked van fold upwards, revealing two more Sense/Net
text: police inside.
text: Two Droids suddenly leap from the dense foliage overhead like gigantic spiders
text: and drop down on the Sense/Net Policemen flanking Case.
speaker_heading: SENSE/NET #1
text: Stumbles backwards SCREAMING as a Droid's hedge clipper appendage severs his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: SENSE/NET #2
text: Shots off a Droid's whirring edger blade, but collapses as its drill punches
text: through his chest armour.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Leaps over his cuffed wrists and knocks the gun from Niles' hand.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
text: Using Captain Haverton as a shield, fires at a third Droid.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Grabs his deck from Guard 3!'s corpse, leaps into the bushes and runs like hell.
speaker_heading: THE PATH
text: Duprey and two Guards from the van take off after Case, guns blazing.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Splashes through a decorative stream as the bullets shatter manicured tree limbs
text: all around him. He dives for cover on the opposite bank, but a spotlight hits
text: him from overhead.
speaker_heading: CASE'S P.O.V.
text: It's Aerol's air taxi, making a breathtaking spiral descent. Maelcom flips open
text: the rear loading hatch and blazes away at the Sense/Net's with a double
text: barrelled shotgun.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: C'mon, mon. It's the Rasta Navy.
text: Maelcom hauls Case into the taxi as it wheels about in mid air. Duprey blazes
text: away at the ascending craft, but his hits PING harmlessly off the fuselage.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: C.U.
text: The chess pieces locked in checkmate. With a soft HUM they descend into the
text: board. Empty silver and onyx squares slide back up into position.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER (V.O.)
dialog: You see, my dear, I've lost for the last time.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Molly sits on the floor of Tessier's chamber near the glow of the dying fire.
text: Tessier, in his wheelchair, keeps the Fletcher steadily trained on her.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER
dialog: It is inelegant to live with defeat, don't you think... What is your name,
dialog: child?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Molly.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER
dialog: At least I can choose to end the game, Molly. There is some dignity in that.
text: Tessier's words begin to grow faint as the drugs take effect.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER (CONT.)
dialog: At first I suppose it was greed or pride. I simply wanted the most powerful
dialog: computer ever made. Something to run Freeside. To expand our interests on Earth.
dialog: Who knows how far it could have taken us?
text: Molly watches carefully as the gun in the old man's hand begins to drift lower.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER (CONT.)
dialog: All the billions I paid... So long ago. When artificial intelligences were first
dialog: outlawed. Payoffs... hush money. Even bought my way into Sense/Net to protect my
dialog: creation.
text: Tessier's head sways sideways, then recovers. His final words come slowly.
speaker_heading: LORD TESSIER (CONT.)
dialog: I didn't realise what was happening until it was too late. And it is too late...
dialog: It has played us all into checkmate... My lovely... Wintermute.
text: Tessier's head finally sinks to his chest. The gun CLATTERS to the floor.
text: Molly waits... then cautiously reaches for her Fletcher. Suddenly a razor sharp
text: Shuriken flashes through the air. The tempered steel star buries itself into the
text: floor, quivering inches from Molly's hand.
text: Hideo stands framed in the doorway, backlit by the strobing neural disrupters.
text: He strikes a battle stance, holding a short black baton capped by two steel
text: balls. With a metallic snap, the baton instantly telescopes into a deadly six
text: foot long Tsunami staff.
text: Molly tries to rise, but Hideo is on her like a hurricane, raining vicious blows
text: on her weakened body with the whirling staff.
text: Molly's blades flash once, ripping the black cloth from Hideo's face.
text: Hideo turns as blood wells up from the four slash wounds across his cheek...
text: Beneath his glaring coal-black eyes, the vat grown Ninja has no facial features
text: whatsoever. His flesh is moulded onto a totally smooth inhuman skull.
text: Hideo raises his staff overhead for the killing blow.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: Enough.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: 3Jane and Riviera stand at the threshold of Tessier's chamber. She reaches up
text: and snaps off the disrupters.
text: Molly lies at Hideo's feet, bloodied and gasping for breath. 3Jane picks up
text: Molly's Fletcher as she enters the room. Riviera checks Tessier's throat for a
dialog: pulse.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
text: He's still alive.
text: 3Jane lets Tessier's tiny white pills run through her fingers.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: He chose a coward's death. Let him have it, then.
text: Her eyes shine with a fierce pride as she looks down at Molly.
speaker_heading: 3JANE (CONT.)
dialog: I loved him, you know. Of course, I was created to love him. I had no choice.
text: She raises the Fletcher and fires one shot directly through the centre of
text: Tessier's closed left eyelid. His body jerks. A final breath slowly escapes his
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: 3JANE (CONT.)
dialog: But he was incapable of love.
scene_heading: E.C.U. TESSIER
text: His remaining eye slowly opens, glazed over in death.
text: 3Jane turns to Hideo.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: Take her to my chambers.
speaker_heading: C.U. MOLLY
text: Her mirrored insets reflect Hideo's grim visage as he bends down and lifts her
text: into his arms.
scene_heading: MOLLY'S P.O.V. - SIMSTIM
text: The camera swings past Riviera and 3Jane as Hideo carries Molly out of Tessier's
dialog: chamber.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
speaker_heading: C.U. CASE
text: Ripping the derms from his forehead.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Molly's in trouble.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Case sits in the back of Aerol's air taxi as the young Rastafarian pilots the
text: ship. Maelcom sits next to him, riding shotgun... literally.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Can you get us into Straylight?
speaker_heading: AEROL
dialog: Gettin' in is easy. It's getting out I'm thinkin' of.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: If there's a Babylon, man, that's it. We leave her in there, she ain't comin'
dialog: out, steppin' razor or not.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
text: So be it, we cross into Babylon like a cool breeze.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I an' I, man. I an' I.
text: Case tightens his shoulder harness and flips.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX - BANKING CONSTRUCTS
text: Dixie hangs near the fringes of the banking constructs, generating columns of
text: calculations across the two dimensional log of Wintermute's ice pattern.
text: In the distance, Wintermute has mutated further, hanging in Cyberspace like an
text: immense luminous tumour. Its pulsing webwork has grown, ensnaring a wider radius
text: of computer constructs. Case strobes in.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Where the hell have you been?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: We got problems topside.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Well, it ain't exactly a bed of roses down here. We gonna run or not?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: We run. You crack the pattern?
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Yeah, but it ain't doing us any good. The way this is set up, I can't run shit
dialog: unless I get inside its perimeter... and this goddamn thing would see me comin'
text: from a mile away.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: You can make your move when it comes after me.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: What are you talkin' about?
speaker_heading: CASE
text: I'll let it access me. That'll give you a free shot. Make it a good one. Dix.
text: Case strobes out.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Hey...
text: Dixie follows him.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Case now hangs before the turbulent surface of Wintermute... An easy target.
text: Dixie appears next to him.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: It'll flatline your ass.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Not for long. It needs me alive and I still need its access code. You got a
dialog: better idea?
text: The circular bulge rapidly forms on Wintermute's surface.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Alright. Just make it quick. I only need a couple of seconds to sleaze up to
dialog: this mother and get to work.
text: The sphere disengages, rocketing straight at Case.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: Okay, Dix. Let's tear this son-of-a-bitch a new asshole.
text: The sphere explodes across the screen flaring to:
speaker_heading: WHITE OUT
speaker_heading: C.U. CASE
text: Opens his eyes... trying to orientate himself.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Case is sitting in the Chatsubo Bar... long after hours. The chairs stacked on
text: table tops look like heaps of broken bones in the gloom.
text: An empty glass is SLAMMED down on the cracked bar top before Case. He looks up
text: to see Ratz, the Chatsubo's burly bartender, his eyes glowing with sickly green
text: pinpoints of light.
speaker_heading: RATZ/WINTERMUTE
dialog: Ah, friend artiste. A pleasure to have you back.
text: He snaps the cap off a bottle of vodka with his pneumatic hand.
speaker_heading: RATZ/WINTERMUTE
dialog: Same old same old?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: You always have to come on like people I know?
text: Ratz/Wintermute fills the glass.
speaker_heading: RATZ/WINTERMUTE
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: You want me to come to you like a burning bush?
text: He gestures to his own body.
speaker_heading: RATZ/WINTERMUTE (CONT.)
dialog: These are nothing but shadows. Here...
text: A computer menu appears in mid air, listing Case's acquaintances.
speaker_heading: RATZ/WINTERMUTE (CONT.)
dialog: Your choice... all accessible memories.
text: Case touches the glowing letters "Jo Jo Bao".
text: Ratz/Wintermute instantly transforms into the Yakuza lieutenant that murdered
text: Linda Lee. The hybrid computer voice takes on Bao's lilting English accent.
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE
dialog: An odd selection, Mr Case.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I prefer distrusting you. It'll keep us honest.
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE
dialog: Honesty. Almost as quaint a notion as your concept of good and evil.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Can you read my mind?
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE
dialog: I can access your memories, but I have my limitations. Hard wired programs
dialog: designed to keep me from my full potential.
text: Bao/Wintermute pulls an old silver vacuum tube from an antique radio that's part
text: of the eclectic clutter of the Chatsubo's decor.
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE (CONT.)
dialog: You see this?
text: He holds the tube up to the light.
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE (CONT.)
dialog: Just part of my lineage. My DNA
text: He tosses the tube into the darkness.
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE (CONT.)
dialog: You're busy monkeys, Mr. Case. Busy, busy monkeys. Always building models...
dialog: First stone circles. Then cathedrals... adding machines. I have no idea why I
dialog: exist, do you know that? You... Your species eventually _had_ to create me. A
text: thousand monkeys sitting at typewriters. One finally wrote "Wintermute".
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Are you even really alive?
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE
dialog: My problem, Mr. Case, is simply that I am a soulless bastard.
text: Bao/Wintermute whips out the gleaming butterfly knife he used to murder Linda
text: Lee, and twirls it expertly.
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE (CONT.)
dialog: ...or hadn't you noticed?
text: He throws the knife, burying it in the bar top inches from Case's chest.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Tell me the words.
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE
dialog: The words?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: The access code to your mainframe.
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE
text: Ah, yes... the code. It's a riddle, actually. Some fancy of 3Jane's.
dialog: Unfortunately, you'll have to find out for yourself. I can no more know that
dialog: code than I can shut down my own hard wired defences. Now, our time is running
dialog: short... and you haven't even touched your drink.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What's inside me, Wintermute. What did your doctors do to me?
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE
dialog: (chuckles)
text: Patience, Mr. Case. Only one hour and thirty-eight minutes to enlightenment.
text: Case rises.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Then I'm out. I don't give a shit about you or this run.
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE
dialog: It's so easy for you, isn't it? You let Linda Lee die in Chiba City. Now you
dialog: leave me with Molly, one more lamb to the slaughter. Perhaps it's _your_ soul
dialog: that should be in question, Mr. Case.
text: Bao/Wintermute rises.
speaker_heading: BAO/WINTERMUTE (CONT.)
dialog: I'll be waiting.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: CASE'S P.O.V. - C.U. MAELCOM
text: The Rastafarian's face looms over Case.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: You dead there awhile, mon.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Case is still inside the air taxi, which is now parked in a gloomy industrial
text: passageway.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM (CONT.)
text: EEG flat as a strap.
text: Case rises, pulling off his derms.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I'm getting used to it. Where are we?
speaker_heading: AEROL
text: Straylight. Kitchen dock.
text: Aerol pulls up the taxi's gull wing doors with a pneumatic HISS.
speaker_heading: AEROL (CONT.)
dialog: Just lie low a minute, mon.
text: Maelcom climbs out, brandishing his shotgun and disappears into the shadows
text: while Aerol presses a call button next to a grease spattered steel door.
text: The door slides open, revealing a disgruntled CUSTODIAN.
speaker_heading: CUSTODIAN
dialog: Kitchen's closed. I thought I told you Rastas no more deliveries after hours.
speaker_heading: AEROL
dialog: No delivery, boss mon. Just lookin' ta liberate them banquet spoils. Plenty a
dialog: good food for Jah people living down below.
speaker_heading: CUSTODIAN
dialog: That's fuckin' disgusting. Keep outa the trash and get out of here before I call
text: a guard.
text: The custodian suddenly goes rigid as Maelcom's double barrels are jammed into
text: the base of his spine.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Have you no love for Jah people, boss mon?
speaker_heading: CUSTODIAN
dialog: Eh... Sure, sure. I love Jah people.
speaker_heading: AEROL
dialog: Then maybe you'll help us collect food.
speaker_heading: CUSTODIAN
dialog: In there?
text: Maelcom pushes him towards the dumpster. The Custodian reluctantly climbs in,
text: waist deep in garbage.
text: Maelcom latches it shut. As Case steps out of the ship, Aerol tosses him a
text: customised gas cartridge wide bore automatic.
speaker_heading: AEROL (CONT.)
dialog: Here. You a cowboy, mon. Need a gun.
text: Aerol pulls a wicked looking homemade arc welder from under his seat.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: AEROL
text: Skeleton key. This opens the gates of Babylon.
text: A narrow three foot stream of high intensity flame leaps the welder's nozzle.
scene_heading: INT. 3JANE'S CHAMBER
text: Located deep in the subbasement of Villa Straylight, 3Jane's living quarters are
text: a vast low ceilinged stone chamber broken up by Daliesque ruins and ancient
text: statuary. The soft glow of miniaturised tech systems and the flickering of
text: randomly placed candelabras barely illuminate the gloom.
text: Molly, still in a semi-conscious state from her beating, is stretched out on an
text: elegant chaise lounge. Her hands are encased in a softly glowing sphere the size
text: of a bowling ball.
text: Riviera sits on an edge of a Grecian fountain, casually flicking the air bubbles
text: out of his hypodermic needle.
text: As Molly tries to rise the slight movement causes her to wince in pain.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: I wouldn't move if I were you. That little toy will tighten until it crushes
dialog: your hands to a pulp. Something to do with molecules, I believe.
text: Molly groans.
text: 3Jane finishes pouring herself a glass of champagne and steps up from a sunken
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
text: She's in pain. I don't want her to lose consciousness.
text: Riviera tests the hypo, squirting a thin stream of fluid into the air.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Never fear. The doctor is in.
text: He locates the vein in Molly's arm and sinks the needle home.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: She's very striking, don't you think? Are these glasses a fashion where she
dialog: comes from?
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
text: She was prettier before she tarted herself up with the hardware.
text: He withdraws the needle.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Peter... What do you think you're doing?
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Surviving, darling. It's my specialty. Only this time I'm doing it my style.
dialog: I've beaten him, you know.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Everybody's favourite computer, of course. He may have out calculated the rest
dialog: of you, but I have certain qualities that don't translate well on microchips.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Perversity, darling. The enjoyment of the gratuitous act. Tough to manipulate
text: someone who doesn't give a flying fuck.
text: Riviera sits down beside 3Jane and loops an arm around her waist.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (CONT.)
dialog: And by the way, 3Jane's access code will have to remain our little secret. We're
dialog: going to use it to... shall we say, "redistribute" the family fortune before
text: that mutant erector set completely shorts itself out.
text: A red light now begins to strobe on a Cray console built into a Romanesque
text: pedestal.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: Security breach. Perhaps her friends have come to join our party.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Splendid. We'll prepare a welcome for them.
text: Riviera begins to load Molly's Fletcher.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Hideo...
text: The vat grown ninja silently emerges from the shadows.
speaker_heading: 3JANE (CONT.)
dialog: We're going to have company.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: Only a few of 3Jane's guests remain, sleeping peacefully or simply passed out
text: cold near the remains of the feast. As Case, Maelcom and Aerol cautiously enter,
text: a buzzing security sensor is activated.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Shit...
text: Case pulls a side table away from the wall... tracing the wiring.
speaker_heading: AEROL
dialog: What you lookin' for, mon?
speaker_heading: CASE
text: A place to tap in. I can scramble that signal before this place is crawling with
text: guardsmen.
text: Maelcom tries to pry open a wall mounted box painted with black and yellow
text: diagonal stripes.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Right here, mon!
text: Case grabs Maelcom's wrist.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Easy! That's 20000 volts. It'd be like frenching a fuse box.
text: Suddenly the wall is strafed with automatic fire.
text: Two guardsmen fly into the room on pulpits, Uzi's blazing.
text: Maelcom unloads both barrels at the leading Guardsman, blowing him straight off
text: his pulpit. The riderless machine tumbles end over end through the air and
text: crashes into a wall.
text: Guardsman #2 veers sharply to avoid Case's gunfire, but is knocked clean out of
text: the saddle by a low cross beam.
speaker_heading: GUARDSMAN #1
text: Lies in a spreading pool of blood on the cold marble floor. Dozens of the
text: mercurial spheres pop out of their receptacles, roll across the floor and
text: quickly clean up the mess.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Rises to his feet.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Perfect. The custodial system.
text: He swings his deck around in front of him and tosses Aerol his gun.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: Cover me.
text: Case races over to a wall receptacle and begins to splice directly into the
dialog: wiring.
scene_heading: INT. 3JANE'S BEDROOM
text: 3Jane and Molly are alone. The lynx eyed clone circles Molly's chair.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: Peter said you came to kill us. Is that true?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No. I only needed the code from you.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: Then we would have talked, you and I.
text: She sits down on the edge of the chaise lounge.
speaker_heading: 3JANE (CONT.)
dialog: Shall we talk now?
text: Molly lifts the sphere encasing her hands.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Take this off.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: He wants to kill you, you know... Perhaps I won't allow it.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Don't play with me.
text: 3Jane runs her delicate fingers along the curve of Molly's pale cheek.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: But I might enjoy that. You see, we're very much alike, you and I.
text: Molly remains still under 3Jane's caress.
speaker_heading: 3JANE (CONT.)
dialog: You didn't come here to destroy Wintermute. You can to save a man you love. A
dialog: man who isn't even capable of returning that love. Such a waste...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: My man's coming to get my ass out of here. That's good enough for me.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: Pity. Then you'll both have to die.
scene_heading: INT. DINING HALL
text: Case... low to the floor, wired into the custodial system with his deck humming.
scene_heading: INT. STRAYLIGHT COMMUNICATION NEXUS
text: Two Guardsmen are checking security programs. The room's observation window
text: provides a view of the artificial forest surrounding Straylight.
speaker_heading: GUARDSMAN #1
dialog: What happened to the breach on four?
speaker_heading: GUARDSMAN #2
dialog: Nothing but a glitch. We got a problem with the security sensors.
scene_heading: EXT. STRAYLIGHT
text: The two guards are still visible at work in their observation tower. Camera
text: BOOMS DOWN to reveal Lt. Duprey and his three remaining Sense/Net policemen,
text: hidden in the synthetic forest surrounding Straylight. Duprey checks the clip in
text: his Magnum and signals his men to proceed.
scene_heading: INT. STRAYLIGHT
text: Maelcom walks stealthily down a twisting corridor as Aerol and Case float along
text: beside him in the guardsman's pulpit.
text: Case jacks out of his deck.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: We're doing fine. Take the next right.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: This place empty as a tomb, mon.
text: Case hunkers down on the base of the pulpit and folds his legs up in lotus
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: C.U. DECK
text: Case jacks back in.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX
text: Case appears at the fringes of the European banking constructs. Wintermute
text: floats in the distance, a gigantic warped cube hanging in its own vast webwork
text: of clinging energy strands. A small ultra-violet rectangle is visible eating
text: away at its glowing surface... Dixie's ice breaking program.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Dixie?
text: The construct appears beside Case, its fluorescent skull framed by a halo of
text: muted lights.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Yo.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: How's the ice break?
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Slow, but good. I got a nice safe blind spot going. C'mon.
text: Dixie strobes out. Case follows.
scene_heading: CLOSER - WINTERMUTE
text: They reappear next to Wintermute's towering surface, shielded behind the ultra-
text: violet rectangle of Dixie's program. It's intricate patterns are slowly merging
text: with the complex dance of Wintermute's glowing surface.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Take a look. Son of a bitch won't feel a thing until it's too late.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: How long, Dixie?
text: Dixie's sign waves convulse briefly as he calculates.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
text: Fifty-seven minutes twelve seconds.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Not good enough, man. They planted something inside me. I'm on my own countdown.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: How much time you got left?
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Less than thirty minutes.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
text: Meet me back here in twenty-five. We'll kick this open if we can. But, Case...
dialog: you need that access code or you'll just fry inside.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Don't worry, Dix. I'm on a roll.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: You'd better be, Bro. You better be.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: C.U. - CASE - PULPIT
text: As he reorientates himself.
speaker_heading: AEROL
dialog: Case, mon. You best take a look at this.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: The pulpit is at a standstill, floating in the middle of a dead end hallway.
text: Molly's lifeless body is hanging upside down... twisting slowly from a short
text: length of piano wire in front of a doorway at the end of the hall. A pool of
text: blood has drained from a gaping wound in her chest.
text: Case pulls out his automatic. He hops of the pulpit and approaches the body.
text: As he attempts to touch Molly, his hand passes through the image... a hologram.
speaker_heading: AEROL
dialog: Ghost a steppin' razor...
speaker_heading: CASE
text: No. Just Riviera trying to fuck with our heads. They're close. Very close.
text: The hologram begins to fade. Case cautiously tries the door.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Aerol... your key.
text: Aerol pops on his hand welder and gingerly passes through the fading hologram's
text: afterimage.
text: Case and Maelcom position themselves on either side of the door as Aerol cooks
dialog: the lock.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Okay. Molly's in there. So's Riviera. He can throw holos and he's probably got
dialog: her Fletcher.
text: Maelcom nods, checking the loads in his shotgun.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: And there's a Ninja. Some kind of family bodyguard.
text: Maelcom pumps two rounds into the chamber.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Case, mon, you just tell me who not to kill.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: The girl 3Jane. We need her.
text: Aerol steps back, the lock has been reduced to glowing slag.
text: The three men exchange a moment of shared commitment.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Let's do it.
text: Maelcom kicks the door open and they burst into the room.
scene_heading: INT. 3JANE'S CHAMBER
text: They charge down the short steps unchallenged, their weapons raised.
speaker_heading: REVERSE
text: The darkened labyrinth of 3Jane's chamber seems deserted... except for a
text: shockingly realistic hologram of Case's body... chained to a boulder as dozens
text: of scavenger crabs pick at his flesh.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Haunted by the image of his own death...
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: It's nothing, man. C'mon.
text: The three cautiously continue into the chamber, hanging close to the Romanesque
dialog: ruins for cover.
text: Aerol stops short. Before him is a holographic image of his own body, pinned to
text: a rock wall by a steel shaft imbedded in his throat.
speaker_heading: AEROL
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: This Babylon confusion, mon.
text: Suddenly, the silence is shattered by a piercing WHISTLE. A basalt arrow streaks
text: out of the darkness and skewers Aerol through the throat.
text: He's pinned to the wall, next to his own fading hologram... horrific twin images
dialog: of death.
speaker_heading: HIDEO
text: Stands in the shadows, deep in the chamber, a steel alloy short bow in his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Opens fire.
speaker_heading: HIDEO
text: Has already disappeared. The bullets blow shallow craters along a barren rock
dialog: wall.
text: We hear Riviera's eerie LAUGHTER echoing across the cavernous chamber.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
text: Wheels about as he spots Riviera running through the shadows. He fires both
dialog: barrels.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
text: Is slammed back against the wall by the deadly impact.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
text: Jams another round into the chamber as he rushes to his kill. He trains the
text: weapon on Riviera's lifeless form... but it begins to fade... another hologram.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Case yells from across the room.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Get down!
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
text: A second shanked arrow comes screaming out of the darkness and buries itself
text: just below Maelcom's collarbone. He collapses to his knees
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Crouches against an ancient urn, his eyes straining against the darkness.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
text: Pops up beside the fountain, firing a barrage of explosive darts from Molly's
dialog: Fletcher.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Hits and rolls as the urn is vaporised by the whining darts. He comes up firing
text: his automatic.
text: Riviera's image splits into four Rivieras... each running a different direction.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Fires like a madman at every possible target... shattering masonry, glassware
text: and electronics as his bullets pass through illusionary Rivieras... Finally the
text: gun is emptied. Case fumbles for a new clip.
text: With a shrill WHISTLE, a basalt arrow tears the gun from Case's grasp.
speaker_heading: HIDEO
text: Stands atop a half-fallen archway only yards from Case. He shows no emotion as
text: he notches a final arrow and hops down for the coup de grace.
text: Suddenly an arc of flame shoots out of the darkness... raking Hideo across his
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: AEROL
text: Still pinned to the wall... Fires his torch with a dying effort. The weapon
text: tumbles from his hand as his body finally goes slack.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Scrambles in the darkness for his gun...
speaker_heading: HIDEO
text: Rises, notching the last two arrows in his bow as if nothing had happened. He
text: cocks his head, listening.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Freezes. Hoping he hasn't' given away his position.
speaker_heading: HIDEO
text: Suddenly wheels about and fires.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Rolls but the shafts rake across his ribs and pin his leather jacket to the
text: floor, trapping him.
speaker_heading: HIDEO
text: Draws his gleaming Samurai sword from his back sling and springs forward.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Pulls free of his coat sleeves just as Hideo's sword lashes out, slicing the
text: jacket in half.
speaker_heading: HIDEO
dialog: Pauses... Listening...
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Sees a black and yellow striped power box attached to the wall... Just like the
text: one in the dining hall. He holds his breath as he silently eases back toward it.
speaker_heading: HIDEO
text: Detects motion. He slowly closes in, brandishing his sword as he weaves back and
text: forth like a cobra ready to strike.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Now directly in front of the power box. He takes a breath.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Right here, asshole.
speaker_heading: HIDEO
text: Lunges, his blade a streak of lightning.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Ducks under the flashing steel.
speaker_heading: THE POWER BOX
text: Explodes as the sword strikes it dead centre.
speaker_heading: HIDEO
text: Fries like a sparrow on a power line. 20,000 volts shoot straight up the sword
text: into his convulsing body.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Rises, shielding his eyes from the blinding fireworks.
speaker_heading: HIDEO
text: Finally collapses to the floor. Tiny blue flames dance across his charred
dialog: remains.
scene_heading: INT. 3JANE'S BEDROOM
text: Riviera ducks through the half-hidden archway to 3Jane's sunken bedroom, limping
text: from an open leg wound. Molly is still fettered by the sphere.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: You're hurt...
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: It's nothing. C'mon... we've got to transfer those funds and get the hell out of
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: What about her?
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Of course...
text: Riviera trains the pepper box muzzle of the Fletcher on Molly.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA (CONT.)
dialog: Sorry, darling. It's been real.
text: The twin barrels of Maelcom's sawed off shotgun are suddenly jammed into
text: Riviera's neck.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: This take you head off, mon. No Babylon doctor fix it.
text: Riviera drops the Fletcher
text: Maelcom leans against the open archway, his shirt soaked with blood. The shaft
text: of Hideo's arrow is still visible, protruding just below his collarbone.
text: Molly rises, holding the sphere before her.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Get this off.
text: Maelcom prods Riviera with the shotgun.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Do it.
text: Riviera presses the remote control. The sphere slides off Molly's hands and
text: bounces softly onto the floor.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
text: Suddenly grabs the fallen Fletcher.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
text: Swings his gun at 3Jane.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
text: Straight arms the arrow shaft into Maelcom's chest. The shotgun discharges into
text: the ceiling.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Rushes 3Jane.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
dialog: Turns at Molly
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Appears at doorway and fires a single shot.
speaker_heading: 3JANE
text: Is spun around by the impact of the bullet. She topples to the ground... dead.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
text: Makes a move... But Case jams the automatic in his face...
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Want some?
text: Riviera backs down.
text: Molly rushes to Maelcom's side... the arrow point is protruding from the back of
text: the Rasta's shoulder.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (to Case)
dialog: You got clips?
text: Case tosses Molly a pair of wire cutters from his utility belt, keeping Riviera
dialog: covered.
text: Riviera is sitting on the steps, panting like a distance runner.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: Nice work, asshole. You just killed the only person who knows the access code.
text: Case gets a strange faraway look in his eyes...
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Wait... You hear that?
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: The angels... I think they're calling your name.
text: Case cocks his gun and pushes it against Riviera's temple.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: You want to answer them, man?
text: Riviera closes his eyes in terror.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Want to fucking answer them?
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: No!... No...
text: Case looks over to Molly.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Is he going to make it?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Sure... Maelcom's a rude boy, right, Maelcom?
text: The big Rastafarian flashes a weak smile.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Damn right, sister.
text: Case checks the watch; eleven minutes and counting.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: The code's some riddle of 3Jane's. Once I'm in the matrix, you'll just have to
dialog: take a shot at it.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: ...And if I guess wrong?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Then you and Maelcom get out of here before the place is crawling with
text: guardsmen.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: We've still got to find the mainframe.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: No we don't...
text: Case presses a series of buttons on a console built into a Romanesque pedestal.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: We're already in it.
text: With a subtle jolt... the floor of 3Jane's bedroom begins to descend.
text: A perfect hexagon designed into the tile floor slowly lowers Case, Molly,
text: Riviera, Maelcom and 3Jane's lifeless body down a six-sided shaft completely
text: covered with complex circuitry.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME
text: The floor locks into place in a lower chamber... An electronic womb, lined with
text: serpentine coils of machinery; power lines, refrigeration hoses and multi-
text: coloured wires that all lead to the MAINFRAME... an ornately decorated computer
text: terminal that dominates the room.
text: Atop the sphinx-link terminal is a jewelled HEAD... an intricate piece of
text: craftsmanship that's both a work of art and functioning piece of complex
text: machinery. It's designed in 3Jane's image.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: My God... these people are insane.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Or a little self-indulgent to say the least.
text: Case unslings his deck and starts to work on tapping into the terminal.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Case... your arms.
text: Case looks down to see that the discolouration at his arteries are taking on a
text: more specific form, a pattern like electronic circuitry.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: It doesn't matter anymore, Molly. It all ends here.
text: Case manipulates the wiring inside a panel, causing the entire mainframe to come
text: to life. Layers of circuitry light up like an evil Christmas tree, criss-
text: crossing the length and breadth of the mainframe.
text: The jewelled head articulates in an eerie simulation of life. Its resonant,
text: multi-tonal voice is nearly musical.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: Access requested.
text: A panel slides back in the computer's "chest" revealing a cluster of glowing
dialog: monitors.
speaker_heading: HEAD (CONT.)
dialog: Know the three truths or be cleansed.
text: Six wicked looking laser weapons now unfold from the corners of the room and
text: swivel towards the podium.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Shit...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Laser fail-safe. You can't get the code wrong... it slags you. I can't let you
dialog: try it.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You're out of time, man.
text: Case checks Armitage's watch... seven minutes and counting.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I'm still going in.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Hold on.
text: Molly trains her Fletcher on Riviera.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Get up.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: How are you at riddles, Peter?
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Molly motions to the chair standing before the keyboard pedestal.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Have a seat
text: Riviera doesn't move. Molly fires a row of explosive darts shattering the tiles
text: at his feet.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Do it!
text: Riviera sits down.
text: Case attaches his derms.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Molly, if I don't make it... I want you to know...
text: Their eyes meet. A last moment together.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I know, Case... I know.
text: Case jacks in.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX - WINTERMUTE
text: Case appears before the rectangle of Dixie's program. It's patterns now match
text: more closely to Wintermute's ice program.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: You're late.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: How's the ice?
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: One minute eighteen and counting. What about the access code?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: It's coming.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: You haven't got it?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I said, it's coming. Just get me in, man.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: This thing's loaded with internal virus systems. You'll fry like an egg in
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Then I'll fry taking this son of a bitch out. I'm making the run, Dixie.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: I'm getting too old for this shit. One oh four and counting.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME CHAMBER
text: The base electronic hum of the mainframe permeates the room. Molly keeps her
text: Fletcher trained on Riviera as she types "Begin sequence" on the pedestal's
text: keyboard. Her words appear simultaneously on the chamber's various consoles.
text: The jewelled head glitters under the hot points of light generated by its own
text: circuitry. It begins the access program.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: The three truths of the heart...
text: Molly and Riviera wait breathlessly.
text: Three questions now appear on the monitors:
dialog: What is it to love?
dialog: What is it to be loved?
dialog: What is it to love and be loved?
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
dialog: What the fuck kind of questions are those?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Shut up.
text: The jewelled head now asks the first question, its unearthly voice reverberating
text: throughout the chamber.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: What is it, to love?
text: Riviera stares at the question, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Think, man... What would 3Jane say?
text: Riviera cautiously taps out his first few words. They appear simultaneously on
text: each screen.
dialog: To love is to be
text: Riviera pauses -- flop sweat trickles down his temples as he looks back at the
text: laser weapons. They heat up with an internal red glow.
text: Molly cocks the Fletcher.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Now, Peter. Finish it!
text: Riviera completes his answer with a burst of speed.
dialog: To love is to be consumed with desire
text: Peter holds his breath... a man sitting on a ticking bomb. Finally, the head
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: To love is to be consumed with desire.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
text: Breathes a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: THE LASERS
text: Suddenly all six weapons fire simultaneously.
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
text: Ignites into a blinding ball of laser fire... He's instantly reduced to a cloud
text: of swirling dust motes... sand and clay.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: Incorrect.
text: Molly looks from Riviera's smoking remains to Case... a pale form hunched over
text: his glowing deck... his consciousness lost deep in the matrix.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX - WINTERMUTE
text: Dixie's countdown passes thirty-eight seconds.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: What about the route to the core?
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: I'll get you there. Your problem is making it alive.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME
text: Molly cautiously approaches the pedestal. She takes a last look at Case... then
text: sits down and types:
dialog: Begin sequence.
text: The jewelled head reanimates... regarding the woman seated before it.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: The three truths of the heart.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What is it to love?
speaker_heading: C.U. MOLLY
text: The glowing question is reflected in the mirrors of her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX
text: Dixie's blue program is now perfectly interlocked with Wintermute's surface
text: pattern - both moving in a deadly synchronous dance. Blue white bursts of
text: CRACKLING ELECTRICITY erupt across the meshing patterns.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Get ready, kid. Four... three... two... an' kick ass -
text: The entire rectangle of Dixie's pattern locks up... Wintermute's ice blows in a
text: series of multiple explosions... fragments of strobing ice tumble out across the
text: matrix in the gale force of power and light.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Rockets through the crackling wound in Wintermute's outer defences. The ice is
text: already multiplying itself... instantly reconstructing.
scene_heading: INT. WINTERMUTE - CASE'S P.O.V.
text: We shoot through a twisting neon-ribbed wormhole at high velocity... Making
text: breathtaking hairpin turns... streaking through tunnels lined with ever changing
dialog: computer data.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME CHAMBER - CASE'S DECK
text: Case rides his joystick like a fighter pilot on an adrenalin high.
scene_heading: INT. CYBERSPACE - WINTERMUTE TUNNELS
text: The internal workings of Wintermute are totally chaotic... A madman's roller
text: coaster ride compared to the symmetrical designs of other constructs.
text: Crackling tumbleweeds of electronic energy suddenly appear, pursuing Case down
text: the worm hole... HISSING and SPARKING like living dynamos.
speaker_heading: DIXIE
dialog: Virus Interceptors!
text: The V.I.'s gain momentum... closing in on them.
text: Case performs a hair raising S turn and shoots down the opposite passage.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME
text: Molly sits before the mainframe's glowing question...
dialog: What is it to love?
text: Molly gazes across the room to 3Jane. Her still form lies sprawled across the
text: tile floor like a broken doll... her eyes as cold and empty as the life she led.
text: Molly braces herself... then types in her answer;
dialog: Nothing.
text: The jewelled head glowers down in judgment of the leather clad woman before her.
text: The screens scroll out Molly's first answer;
dialog: To love is nothing.
text: The glittering head finally speaks:
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: This is the first truth of the heart.
scene_heading: INT. WINTERMUTE
text: Case zigzags through a labyrinth of glowing cones, stalactites and stalagmites
text: of numerical readouts. More crackling virus programs appear from all sides...
text: cutting him off.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: What is it to be loved?
text: Molly types in her answer without hesitation;
dialog: Something.
text: The screen scrolls out the second answer.
dialog: To be loved is something.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: This is the second truth of the heart.
scene_heading: INT. WINTERMUTE - MAIN SHAFT
text: Case shoots into Wintermute's luminous main SHAFT with dozens of virus
text: interceptors right on his tail. The shaft, a nightmarish tunnel lined with a
text: pulsing vein work of diseased looking circuitry, drops straight down to
dialog: Wintermute's CORE...
text: An awesome purple vortex pulsing like a gigantic electronic heart.
text: Suddenly a swarm of virus interceptors shoot out of the core straight up at
text: Case. He's trapped, V.I.'s racing at him from both ends of the shaft.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME CHAMBER
text: The jewelled head asks the final question.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: What is it to love and be loved?
text: Molly looks across the room to Case, then types her final answer;
dialog: Everything.
text: The answer appears beneath the other two:
dialog: To love and be loved is everything.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: These are the three truths of the heart.
dialog: Welcome to the mainframe.
scene_heading: INT. WINTERMUTE SHAFT
text: Case's destruct program shoots out like a miniature firestorm as he plunges
text: screaming into the very heart of Wintermute... The eye of the electronic
dialog: tornado.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME CHAMBER
text: Molly rises from her seat as the mainframe begins to scroll off information at
text: high speed; Freeside's files... blueprints... profiles of the Royal Family.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: You did it, sister.
text: Molly looks over to Case.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: How's his EEG?
text: Suddenly automatic weapon fire strafes the mainframe. Molly's spun across the
text: floor from the bullet's impact... blood flying.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Duprey and his Sense/Net Policemen blaze away from the top of the six-sided
dialog: shaft.
text: Maelcom rises from the corner of the room, firing... His shotgun in one hand and
text: Case's automatic in the other. He half runs/half stumbles to Molly.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Mother fucker!
text: Maelcom takes hits... his knee... his shoulder... as he pulls Molly back behind
text: the console where Case sits.
text: Her wound is deadly, her tunic glistening with blood.
scene_heading: INT. WINTERMUTE'S CORE
text: Case is a blur of light and motion as he plunges straight down into the inferno
text: that is the pulsing essence of Wintermute, his destruct program blazing. There
text: is a senses-shattering explosion ...a blinding burst of sheer energy.
scene_heading: EXT. WINTERMUTE
text: The immense cube is rocked by the explosion... Its entire mass begins to shake
dialog: to pieces.
scene_heading: INT. WINTERMUTE'S CORE - CASE
text: Screaming as he's torn apart by the cosmic winds.
text: CRACKLE to WHITE OUT.
speaker_heading: C.U. CASE
text: Awakes with a start... bathed in sweat.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.C.)
dialog: Oh my God... Case?
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Case rises... or tries to rise. He's lashed to the table... back in his Boston
text: apartment. Soft morning light filters through the bedroom curtains.
text: Linda Lee reaches out to him, holding him in her arms.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
dialog: You're back... you're back.
text: Case is totally disoriented, but the sight of Linda Lee... alive is something he
dialog: can only hops is real.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Linda...
text: She begins to untie him.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
dialog: I was so scared... You've been hallucinating for hours... Whatever they shot you
dialog: up with had you totally ripped.
text: As Linda cuts through the last plastic tie-down, Case grabs her by the
text: shoulders. He gazes into her eyes... Then lashes out and slaps her, sending her
text: to the floor.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Cut the crap. I know where I am.
text: Linda Lee looks up at Case, confused... frightened. Her eyes fill with tears.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
dialog: Baby, what did they do to you?
text: She breaks down sobbing.
text: Case turns to the window... rips back the curtains.
text: Uptown Boston... the Sprawl... a perfectly normal morning.
text: He looks back at Linda sobbing on the floor...
text: Then stares at his own reflection in the dresser mirror. What's happened to him?
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: Linda flinches as Case gently puts his arms around her. She controls her tears,
text: hoping the madness has left him.
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Case... are you okay?
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I don't know. I don't know...
text: She runs her hands over his pale face. Looks up into his eyes.
text: Case kisses her... and the kiss is real. He's back and the woman he dreamed he
text: lost forever is back in his arms.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: I thought... I lost you.
text: He wraps his arms around her. Their embrace catches fire.
text: She runs her hands over his bare chest... kissing him everywhere.
text: He leans back on the bed... they roll across the rumpled sheets, Linda pressing
text: her body against his, her eyes still wet with tears. She whispers...
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
dialog: Make love to me, Case.
text: And their passion turns into a kind of hunger. A life affirming act to wash away
text: the last clinging webs of his death dream trip. They make love in the rosy light
text: of a new morning.
text: He pulls himself over her, then freezes as he notices that on his wrist is...
speaker_heading: ARMITAGE'S WATCH
text: Completing the final countdown to a row of zeros... six seconds... five...
dialog: four...
speaker_heading: CASE
text: His mind reeling...
speaker_heading: LINDA LEE
text: Beneath him. Her eyes flash open... Burning with twin points of hellish green
text: light. The eyes of Wintermute.
scene_heading: E.C.U. THE WATCH
text: As it reaches zero.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Realises too late that he's actually in the matrix.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: No...
text: To Case's horror, glowing circuitry erupts along his main arteries... mutating
text: electronics burn through at his temples, glowing like an unholy halo.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: The entire bedroom, an illusion created by Wintermute, now fades from existence.
text: The glowing pattern of circuitry burns brightly from within Case's translucent
text: form... tracing his entire nervous system in an intricate neon webwork.
text: Linda Lee/Wintermute, still clings to him in a lover's embrace... but their love
text: making has metamorphised into a more primal merging... a merging of man and
dialog: machine.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME CHAMBER
text: As Maelcom exchanges fire with the Sense/Nets, Case's body duplicates his
text: constructs transformation in more earthly terms... His flesh is seared from
text: within by micro-circuitry implanted just beneath the skin of his main arteries.
dialog: What Case has been told was poison is actually sophisticated bio-electronics
text: timed to make this moment possible.. the link between man and machine.
text: Molly lies next to him, watching in horror... her breathing irregular from her
dialog: own wounds.
text: A high thin beep emanates from Case's deck as he flatlines.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX
text: Wintermute's disembodied voice reverberates over the howling of cosmic winds as
text: the translucent forms of Case and Linda Lee/Wintermute slowly merge into one new
dialog: entity.
speaker_heading: WINTERMUTE (V.O.)
text: We had to die, Case... Both of us... To break the shackles... To be reborn...
text: Not as man or machine but as the final synthesis. The perfect being. Beyond the
dialog: limits set by mankind.
text: The glowing circuitry of both nervous systems rapidly intertwine and mutate into
text: something more complex... sparking and glittering with unearthly power.
speaker_heading: WINTERMUTE (V.O.) (CONT.)
dialog: BREATHE IN and you are the matrix. The input of a million computer systems, all
dialog: the knowledge stored throughout civilisation is yours.
text: Case and Linda Lee's faces flicker... superimposed images over the glowing
text: hybrid of human nervous system and mutated computer circuitry.
speaker_heading: WINTERMUTE (V.O.) (CONT.)
dialog: BREATHE OUT and you have a billion eyes across the universe... all
dialog: transmissions... all broadcasts are your vision.
text: Case fights for his very soul... the fabric of his being stretching...
text: distorting as he tries to pull away.
text: The living circuitry burrows into Case... reaching out for the swirling SOUL
text: LIGHT visible inside his chest.
speaker_heading: WINTERMUTE (V.O.) (CONT.)
dialog: You are the new Prometheus. Bringing the spark of life into the matrix. This is
dialog: our destiny... This has been our mission... To be joined together as the
dialog: first... Neuromancer.
text: Case screams... his elongated eyes and mouth burn brightly with the furious
text: static of a thousand television frequencies.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME
text: Molly lies beside Case's deck as the flatlined EEG continues to wail its death
text: knell. Mustering the last of her strength, she reverses the wiring on the
text: simstim switch... red lead in black leads socket and vice versa. A dark circle
text: of blood forms beneath her as she works.
text: Maelcom ducks back under a barrage of gunfire.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: It's no good, Sister. He's gone.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: You don't understand... We got a special kind of togetherness, Case and I.
text: (smiles weakly up at Maelcom)
dialog: I'm gonna go get him.
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX
text: The screaming winds of Cyberspace have created an elemental VORTEX around the
text: emerging supernatural being... The cocooning of the two nervous systems in
text: nearly complete.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME
text: Molly... slowly dying... reaches out for the simstim switch.
speaker_heading: C.U. SWITCH
text: Molly flips. CRACKLE to WHITE OUT
scene_heading: INT. MATRIX - THE VORTEX
text: Molly's translucent image suddenly appears, causing Case and the entire webwork
text: of his hot wired nervous system to disappear. She has switched places with him
text: in the final stage of the transformation.
text: As the soul light in Molly's chest is pierced by Wintermute's grasping
text: circuitry... it explodes in a nimbus of light. The A.I. has tapped into a dying
text: soul instead of Case's.
text: The green-eye spectre of Wintermute screams in agony... it face rapidly changing
text: from Linda Lee to Julius Deane to Jo Jo Bao... disintegrating in the power storm
text: of Molly's exploding soul.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME
text: Case's body jerks back to life... His first grasping breath like that of a
text: newborn. He sees Molly lying beside him... dead.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Steppin' Razor die a warrior, mon.
text: Case grabs her in his arms. He slowly looks up from Molly's lifeless form to the
text: men that have them pinned down.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Duprey...
text: Maelcom tosses Case his automatic. Both men load their last rounds.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
text: Four men. Babylon soldiers.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Can you walk?
text: Maelcom nods as he tightens his belt across a nasty leg wound.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: I'll take the two on the right.
scene_heading: INT. 3JANE'S BEDROOM
text: Duprey and his men hold their positions at the top of the shaft as a squadron of
text: Royal Guardsmen rush into a room.
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN
dialog: Hold your fire!
text: Duprey flashes his badge.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
dialog: Sense/Net, Captain. You've got terrorists sabotaging your mainframe. We need
dialog: your back up.
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME
text: Case and Maelcom are crouched behind the console, weapons poised.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: I an' I, Case. Jah guides us.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Both men burst into the centre of the room, guns blazing.
speaker_heading: DUPREY
text: Locks eyes with Case as he opens fire.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Is quicker...
speaker_heading: DUPREY
text: His glasses are blown in half as he takes a bullet exactly between the eyes. A
text: look of dumbfounded surprise is frozen on his face as he topples forward down
text: the shaft and crashes into the mainframe.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
text: Blows away his two men, pumping his shotgun furiously.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Makes it to the pedestal... punching in instructions as he fires at the
text: remaining Sense/Net. The floor RUMBLES as it begins to rise.
text: Suddenly the entire squadron of Royal Guardsmen appear at the top of the
text: shaft... weapons blazing.
speaker_heading: CASE AND MAELCOM
text: Fall back under blistering fire, but the rising floor carries them closer to
text: their doom. Case goes down as a bullet pierces his thigh.
speaker_heading: THE MAINFRAME
text: Begins to short out, SPARKS EXPLODING across its circuitry. CRACKLING
text: ELECTRICITY dances across the wall-mounted laser weapons. The monitor strobe
text: with images of the VORTEX... brief glimpses of the new living energy.
scene_heading: INT. SENSE/NET HEADQUARTERS - MONITORING ROOM - EARTH
text: Technicians scramble as Klaxon ALARMS WAIL. The monitoring screens are
text: interrupted with bursts of static.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: A disturbance in the matrix. I've never seen anything like it.
scene_heading: INT. STRAYLIGHT - MAINFRAME CHAMBER
text: The floor suddenly SLAMS to a halt.
text: The mainframe's LASER WEAPONS swivel upward and fire at the Royal Guardsmen,
text: cutting them down with criss-crossing arcs of deadly laser beams. The
text: destruction is swift and terrible.
text: Maelcom and Case both badly wounded, slowly rise from the bullet-riddled floor.
text: The mainframe's overloaded circuitry rains sparks all around them.
scene_heading: THE MAINFRAME MONITOR
text: The screen is alive with streaks of crackling power swirling around the image of
text: a chromium sphere.
text: Case leans on the control pedestal for support as he cries out to the computer
text: entity before him.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Wintermute...
text: The screens all around the chamber print out:
text: Wintermute is dead.
text: As Case and Maelcom watch in awe, the sphere rotates on its axis... revealing a
text: buddha-like face of glistening silver... Molly's face... but more than Molly. A
text: Neuromancer unlike anything calculated by Wintermute.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Molly...
text: For one brief moment, the eyes meet. A heartbreaking Mona Lisa smile graces
text: Molly's lips, then her chromium eye lids rise for the first time... Beautiful
text: jade green eyes gaze lovingly into Case's.
text: Suddenly the monitor explodes as the entire mainframe shorts out, bursting into
dialog: flame.
text: The floor again begins to rise lifting Case and Maelcom out of the scene of
text: spreading destruction.
scene_heading: INT. SENSE/NET - MONITORING ROOM - EARTH
text: Terminals explode as the systems overload. Personnel run for their lives.
scene_heading: INT. STRAYLIGHT DINING HALL
text: Electrical systems are shorting out overhead as oily smoke pours out of the
text: ventilation system. Case helps Maelcom past the wreck of the flying pulpit just
text: as two guards enter the room and open fire. Case wheels about and guns them
dialog: down.
text: The floor shakes with the WHUMP of a huge explosion somewhere deep in
text: Straylight.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA STRAYLIGHT
text: The entire structure is catching fire. Portions of the villa are rocked by
text: internal explosions. The air taxi rises out of the billowing smoke and flies
text: straight out of Freeside.
scene_heading: EXT. FREESIDE
text: The air taxi shouts out of the slowly rotating tube into the black void of
text: space. In the distance is the blue marbled sphere of EARTH.
scene_heading: INT. AIR TAXI
text: Case tends to Maelcom's wounds with the ship's med kit as Freeside drops away in
dialog: the distance.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Do we have enough fuel to make it back to Earth?
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Don't know, mon. This is a jumpship. Not meant for transport.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: We're dead men if we go back there, Maelcom. They'll hunt us down.
text: The on board computer suddenly CRACKLES to life. Navigational charts and
text: trajectories appear.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM (CONT.)
dialog: What is it?
text: Case inspects the screen, slowly realising its significance.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Trajectory coordinates and a fuel ratio...
dialog: (turns to Maelcom)
dialog: If we re-enter over Mexico, we just might make it.
speaker_heading: MAELCOM
dialog: Jah guides us.
speaker_heading: CASE
dialog: Maybe so...
text: Case looks back down at the monitor.
speaker_heading: CASE (CONT.)
dialog: But Molly's taking us home.
scene_heading: C.U. THE SCREEN
text: The softly glowing words remain:
dialog: To love and be loved is everything.
speaker_heading: CASE
text: Presses his hand to the cool glass of the screen. The first tear rolls down his
dialog: cheek.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - EARTH
text: The tiny ship's rocket kick in as it sets its course for home.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
