scene_heading: NEVER LOOK AWAY
dialog: An original screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck
dialog: 1.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN ART MUSEUM — DAY
text: KURT, a small 5-year-old boy with steel grey eyes gazes
text: at the distorted, grimacing faces of soldiers from the
text: hands of Otto Dix, the twisted colors and shapes of
text: Kirchner, Heckel and Schmidt-Rottluff, the bizarre world
text: of Paul Klee. At Kurt's side is his AUNT ELISABETH, an 19
text: year-old blonde of seductive beauty. They are part of a
text: group of maybe two dozen adults, all ears to a self-
text: confidently eloquent EXHIBITION GUIDE:
speaker_heading: GUIDE
dialog: (nodding with regret)
dialog: Modern art. Yes, ladies and gentlemen.
dialog: Before the National Socialists took
dialog: charge, Germany, too, had its share of
dialog: "modern" art, meaning: something
dialog: different just about every year - as
text: follows from the word itself.
text: Ironic chuckles from the audience.
speaker_heading: EXHIBITION GUIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: But the Germany of National Socialism
dialog: once again demands a German art which,
dialog: like the entirety of a nation’s creative
dialog: values, must be, and shall be, eternal.
dialog: Bearing no such eternal value for its
dialog: nation, it can be of no higher value even
dialog: today.
text: As they stroll past paintings of unconstrained
text: prostitutes, yellow hydrocephalic heads, smirking
text: captains of industry, African-style sculptures...
speaker_heading: EXHIBITION GUIDE (CONT'D)
text: The German woman is ridiculed and equaled
dialog: to prostitutes.
text: The paintings appear to confirm this.
speaker_heading: EXHIBITION GUIDE (CONT'D)
text: The soldier is portrayed either as a
dialog: murderer or as the victim of senseless
dialog: slaughter, all this in an attempt to
dialog: destroy the German people’s deeply rooted
dialog: respect for a soldier’s bravery.
dialog: Indeed, the paintings could lay some claim to such a
text: message. They continue on.
speaker_heading: EXHIBITION GUIDE
dialog: And madness, mental illness, is elevated
dialog: to a defining principle. Can one truly
dialog: assume that the eye of certain
dialog: individuals makes them see things other
dialog: than they really are? That there actually
dialog: are men who see in their compatriots
dialog: nothing but degenerate cretins? That
dialog: these individuals perceive, or, as they
dialog: might put it: “experience”, fields as
dialog: blue, skies as green, clouds as sulfur-
dialog: yellow, and the like?
text: The intensity of the paintings Kurt sees could
dialog: suggest
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: EXHIBITION GUIDE
dialog: There are only two possibilities: Either
dialog: these so-called "artists" really do see
dialog: and believe the things they are showing
dialog: us here - in which case all one would
dialog: have to determine is whether the root of
dialog: such a ghastly impediment was an accident
dialog: or a genetic defect. Should the former be
dialog: the case, our heart goes out to these sad
dialog: souls; if it is the latter, however, the
dialog: case should be looked into by the Reich
dialog: Ministry of the Interior, so that at
dialog: least we can avoid further proliferation
dialog: of such repulsive impairments. Or, on the
dialog: other hand, these “artists” do not even
dialog: believe themselves that their perceptions
dialog: are real and nonetheless choose to pester
dialog: the nation with this humbug - such an
dialog: offense would fall, clearly, under the
dialog: domain of criminal justice.
dialog: indeed
text: They have reached the next hall and stop in front of a
text: Kandinsky canvas: colorful streaks, arcs, blotches with
dialog: blurred,
text: colored edges.
speaker_heading: EXHIBITION GUIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: What does this have to do with art? How
dialog: can this possibly elevate our souls?
dialog: Where is the craft in this? For art comes
dialog: from craft.
text: He turns to the youngest person there - Kurt.
speaker_heading: EXHIBITION GUIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: I think you could do this, too.
text: Little Kurt gives a shy shrug.
speaker_heading: EXHIBITION GUIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course you could. Have a go. And when
dialog: you've finished, ask your parents if
dialog: they’1ll give you a Reichsmark for it.
text: Laughter from his audience.
speaker_heading: EXHIBITION GUIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: You know how much they paid Mr. Wassily
dialog: Kandinsky for this? 2000 Reichmarks. More
dialog: than a German worker’s yearly wages. What
dialog: does your Papa do?
speaker_heading: KURT
text: Right now, he’s out of work.
speaker_heading: EXHIBITION GUIDE
dialog: (ignoring this)
dialog: 2000 Reichsmarks out of the working
dialog: German people’s taxes.
text: The group heads on. Kurt and Elisabeth’s eyes stay on the
dialog: Kandinsky canvas.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (to Elisabeth)
dialog: Maybe I don't want to be a painter after
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: (whispers in his ear)
dialog: Don't tell anybody, but I like it.
scene_heading: 2. EXT. DRESDEN ART MUSEUM - ROAD OUTSIDE - DAY
text: In the background we see a poster on the building:
scene_heading: TOURING EXHIBITION: DEGENERATE ART. FREE ENTRY.
text: The street Kurt and Elisabeth are walking along is
text: decorated with pictures of Hitler wreathed with garlands,
text: swastika flags and banners announcing DRESDEN GREETS THE
speaker_heading: FUHRER.
text: Two men wearing hats gaze at Elisabeth as she walks past,
text: their eyes gleaming.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: 2A.
dialog: 3.
dialog: Did you see the way they looked at you,
dialog: Aunt Elisabeth?
text: She is well aware of the effect she has on men.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: On Monday nobody here will have eyes for
dialog: me. They'll all be cheering the Fthrer.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I think you're better than Hitler.
text: She smiles at a compliment she is unlikely to have heard
text: before. They reach a bus stop just as the bus arrives.
text: The destination board indicates the last stop
text: “GroBschénau”. They board the vehicle.
scene_heading: INT. BUS — DAY
text: The BUS DRIVER is an elderly man with kind eyes. He
dialog: knows Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
dialog: So, you’re taking your nephew on an outing? And
dialog: when are you taking me on an outing?
text: Elisabeth smiles good-naturedly. The driver hands little
text: Kurt a bonbon.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING BUS / EXT. STREETS IN DRESDEN -— DAY
text: The large bus winds its way through the streets of
dialog: Dresden, the capital of the state of Saxony. Elisabeth
text: and Kurt are sitting right at the back in the near-empty
text: bus. The boy gazes out of the buildings they pass, his
dialog: expression melancholy.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Over there, that's where our apartment
dialog: was.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: You miss your friends...
text: Kurt doesn't reply.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: I know who you miss... That cute little girl with the
dialog: flaming red braids... What was her name, Johanna,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: No, not just Johanna...
text: He goes silent. The mood changes. He is very earnest, almost
text: looks like he is about to cry.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: Who else do you miss. Sometimes it helps to just
dialog: get it out.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: The Schréders - you know, that old couple who are
dialog: always holding hands, like little children. I miss
dialog: them. And Tilo, their dachshund. Whenever I called
dialog: him, he always ran to me...
text: He chokes up.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: But it's only 75 km from our house to
dialog: Dresden. You can visit them as often as
dialog: you like. There’s a bus every two hours.
dialog: Was it so difficult to get here today?
text: Aunt Elisabeth looks out the window, with yearning.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: But you're right, of course. Dresden is
text: unbeatable in its beauty.
text: WIDE SHOT: As the bus drives over the Augustus bridge, in
text: the b/g we see the baroque splendor of Dresden in perfect
text: sunlight. Aunt Elisabeth was not exaggerating.
text: TIME CUT: By now the landscape outside the window of the
text: bus has become more rural.
text: Aunt Elisabeth lifts her nephew onto her lap. The boy is
text: pleased to be so close to the beautiful girl. She strokes
dialog: his hair.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Aren't you even a little bit happy that
dialog: you've moved in with us?
text: Kurt shrugs. At this precise moment he might well be.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: And you can climb the tree behind the
dialog: house again. Do you remember last year,
dialog: when we were looking for you everywhere,
dialog: and just as we were about to call the
dialog: police you dropped an acorn on Uncle
dialog: Gunther's head? Not many 5-year-olds can
dialog: climb like you!
text: She tickles him a little. He laughs.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You know, I think your father is very
dialog: brave, not joining the Party. One
dialog: signature and he could have kept his job
text: as a teacher, and the apartment.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: He says that if a man isn't prepared to
dialog: suffer for his beliefs there is either
dialog: something wrong with the man or _ the
dialog: beliefs. He says it’s criminal the way
dialog: the Nazis...
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: (interrupts, whispering)
dialog: I know... But you don't talk to anybody
dialog: else like this, do you?
text: Kurt shakes his head.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Mama says she'll persuade him to join
dialog: anyway. And then after the war that will
dialog: be his capitol.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: His capital!
text: She looks down tenderly at the boy. She is holding him
text: like a little child. But since he is no longer quite so
text: little, he is lying in her arms almost like a lover. Her
text: breasts are close to his face and his hands. He gazes up.
text: She notices this. He realizes that she has noticed but
text: still doesn't back away.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: You'd really like to touch them, wouldn't
dialog: you?
text: Kurt doesn't deny.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: But you mustn't...
text: Her voice is so gentle and soft that it hardly sounds
text: like a real rejection. She kisses him quickly on the
text: lips, half maternally.
scene_heading: 4, EXT. GROBSCHONAU CENTRAL BUS STATION - DUSK
text: Elisabeth thanks the bus driver as they step out. The
text: streets are empty, the bus station not even boasting a
dialog: building. We have the clear impression that we are out in
text: the provinces. No other passengers are around. The driver
text: moves the bus over to a parking area with half a dozen
text: other buses. Elisabeth takes little Kurt by the hand and
text: walks in that direction herself. Through the windshields
text: of the buses we see the drivers eating their lunch
dialog: sandwiches.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: What is it, Aunt Elisabeth? Did you
dialog: forget something?
text: Elisabeth gives him a mysterious smile and stands in the
text: middle of the area, surrounded by the buses. Apparently
text: the drivers all know her: they smile at the attractive
text: girl. She folds her hands together in a pleading gesture,
text: and the bus drivers nod to each other. One of them leans
text: on the horn, and then another, and soon they are all
text: hooting their horns together. The deep, full sound
text: penetrates everything. Elisabeth closes her eyes, lays
text: her head back and raises her arms as if in prayer, a sort
text: of ecstatic gesture as she relishes the deep
text: reverberations that penetrate her entire body. An extreme
text: musical experience. Little Kurt is completely bewildered.
text: After a few moments the drivers stop hooting.
dialog: 
text: Elisabeth emerges from her trance, pulls herself
text: together, blows kisses to the drivers and takes Kurt by
text: the hand, leading him away.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: (to Kurt)
dialog: To paint a picture which gives you that
dialog: feeling. That's what they're trying to
dialog: do, those degenerate artists...
text: The drivers smile, shaking their heads (clearly this is
dialog: not the first time) and then go back to their sandwiches
dialog: and newspapers.
scene_heading: 5. EXT. STREET IN DRESDEN - DAY
text: Garlands of flowers hang from the streetlamps and house
text: fronts, there are swastikas everywhere, and the sidewalks
text: are packed with people. At a bend in the road 100 girls
text: in the uniform of the BDM (the Hitler Youth organization
text: for girls) are standing to attention. A young, confident
text: SS man is walking through the rows of girls, choosing the
dialog: healthiest, blondest and prettiest of them.
speaker_heading: SS MAN
dialog: You come to the front. You, to the front.
text: The girls comply. We gather from the loud shouting and
text: screaming that Hitler's convoy is approaching. Suddenly
text: the SS man sees Elisabeth, who gazes straight back at him
text: with open, intelligent eyes.
speaker_heading: SS MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You, in the first row. Come on. You'll
dialog: hand him the flowers.
text: He takes a bouquet of flowers from another girl and hands
text: them to Elisabeth. She acts as though she is in some sort
text: of trance. Suddenly the convoy comes round the corner,
text: and there he is, the Fithrer, ADOLF HITLER. Familiar from
text: a thousand PORTRAITS, PHOTOGRAPHS, NEWSREELS, STATUES,
text: MEDALS, COINS, STAMPS AND PAINTINGS (INTERCUT in rapid
dialog: succession).
text: The SS man leads Elisabeth to the front of the crowd.
text: Hitler's open car stops. The Fithrer gazes at her with his
text: icy blue eyes, takes the flowers, pulls her close, kisses
text: her on the cheek, hands her a swastika pennant and
text: continues to gaze into her eyes even when the convoy
text: starts moving again, until he can no longer see her. The
text: other girls, excited and curious, surround Elisabeth and
text: bombard her with questions.
scene_heading: 6. INT. WALTERSDORF - MAY FAMILY HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: Little Kurt uses his own key to enter the house. Inside
text: the narrow hall there is a large, dark wooden wardrobe,
text: mounted antlers on the walls. The room is filled with the
text: sound of PIANO MUSIC from the living room: Bach’s
dialog: composition "Sheep May Safely Graze". For some reason,
text: Kurt feels uneasy. He follows the sound of the music.
text: When he enters the living room he sees Elisabeth sitting
text: at the piano, playing the music. She is naked. She
text: doesn't turn to face him. He lowers his eyes.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: (without turning round)
dialog: Don't look away.
text: He looks up again.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't look away, Kurt. If you never look
dialog: away, your gaze will become strong as
dialog: steel. You will see the truth. And
dialog: everything that is is true is
dialog: beautiful...
text: She carries on playing, lost in the melody. He comes
text: closer, gazing at the naked woman.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: This piece is called "Sheep May Safely
dialog: Graze". But you mustn't let anybody
dialog: notice, if you're a sheep. Or you can
dialog: never graze safely. That's for sure.
text: She suddenly stops playing. Now she presses one key
text: repeatedly, playing the same note again and again. Kurt
text: is becoming increasingly disconcerted by her behavior.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, this note makes everything
dialog: alright. This note. The whole power of
dialog: music, of life itself, of the universe,
dialog: is contained in this note. People look
dialog: for the Secret Code, for the Theory of
dialog: Everything. But here it is: the A in the
text: octave above middle C on the Bltithner
text: piano in the Mays’ living room in
dialog: Waltersdorf. Nothing can ever happen to
dialog: us, because we have this note.
text: She starts weeping about the note, laughing about the
dialog: note.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: And now that I have found it, I can play
dialog: it everywhere.
text: She gets up from the piano and gazes at Kurt.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
text: On the table...
text: She picks up a heavy crystal glass ashtray and hammers it
text: down on the glass top of the sofa table until the room is
dialog: 9
text: filled with a menacing smashing sound. Elisabeth seems
dialog: content.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Even on my head...
text: She starts hitting herself over the head with the
text: ashtray, again and again, until blood starts seeping
text: through her hair down onto her face.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Aunt Elisabeth, you’re bleeding.
text: At this moment Kurt's mother, WALTRAUD, and his
text: grandmother, MALVINE, appear.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: Elisabeth, for God's sake, what are you
dialog: doing?!
text: Elisabeth beams at her.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: Playing a concert for the Ftihrer!
scene_heading: INT. WALTERSDORF - DOCTOR’S OFFICE - CONSULTATION ROOM -—
speaker_heading: LATE AFTERNOON
text: Malvine seems years older. Waltraud, Kurt's mother, has
dialog: come along for the consultation. The doctor, DR.
text: MICHAELIS, is sitting behind his desk in a white coat
text: with his tie neatly fastened.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: "Youthful delusion" - that makes it sound
text: almost harmless.
text: We hear Elisabeth’s voice raised hysterically in the
text: waiting room outside.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (0.S.)
dialog: (through the door)
dialog: Mild schizophrenia, youthful delusion! I
dialog: can hear everything! Ha, ha, ha!
speaker_heading: DR MICHAELIS
dialog: Nothing that cannot be healed by a short
dialog: break, I should say.
speaker_heading: WALTRAUD
text: A short break in...
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: DR MICHAELIS
dialog: an institution, yes.
text: The two women look at each other.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: We would really like to try giving her
dialog: some rest at home first. She worked
dialog: extremely hard for the school leaving
dialog: exam. And then she went straight into the
dialog: secretarial course without a _ break.
text: Perhaps it's simply over-exertion.
text: Elisabeth comes back into the room. She strolls over to a
text: small table where there are several photographs of Dr
text: Michaelis with his family.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: (calls over to them)
dialog: Is this your wife? You hate her, am I
dialog: right? I can see it, by the way you stand
text: next to her.
text: She imitates his posture in the photograph with eerie
text: precision. Dr Michaelis stares at her, shocked. Elisabeth
text: realizes this has offended him.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: You can ignore that. After all, I'm
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: DR MICHAELIS
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: Kindly wait outside until we have
dialog: finished talking. I shall not ask again.
text: Elisabeth strolls out of the room casually, as if to
text: stress that she is doing so of her own free will.
speaker_heading: DR MICHAELIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (lowering his voice)
dialog: Schizophrenia is a serious condition, so
dialog: I'm obliged to ask: are there other cases
dialog: of mental illness in your family?
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: Heavens, no!
speaker_heading: DR MICHAELIS
dialog: Depression?
dialog: il
text: CLOSE-UP: a Nazi party badge is visible on the lapel of
text: the doctor's jacket, under his white coat.
speaker_heading: WALTRAUD
dialog: (attempting to smile)
dialog: We’re all cheerful.
text: The doctor studies them.
speaker_heading: DR MICHAELIS
dialog: We doctors are the guardians of the flow
dialog: of genetic biology. I have to report this
dialog: case to the Health Department. The
dialog: decision about committal might not be up
dialog: to you.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: (resting a hand on his arm)
dialog: Dr Michaelis. Franz. I knew your parents.
dialog: Even your grandparents. Please. Don't
dialog: report it.
text: Dr Michaelis remains motionless for a moment. Then he
text: pulls his arm back.
speaker_heading: DR MICHAELIS
dialog: Just because it is you, Frau May... But
dialog: tell me immediately if her condition
dialog: worsens.
text: Malvine is afraid that even by thanking him she may
text: change the situation. She gets to her feet.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: Goodbye.
speaker_heading: DR MICHAELIS
dialog: Heil Hitler.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: Yes, of course. Heil Hitler.
speaker_heading: WALTRAUD
dialog: Heil Hitler.
text: The two women walk out. Dr Michaelis is alone. He crosses
text: to the picture of his wife. He gazes at it and places it
text: face down on the table. Then he reaches for the phone.
scene_heading: 8. EXT. MAY FAMILY HOUSE - DAY
text: Little Kurt awakes in his room to beautiful sunshine
text: spilling in through the windows. He hears sounds, sits up
dialog: 12
text: in his bed to look outside. A white ambulance pulls up.
text: Two orderlies dressed in white get out. Kurt comes
text: running up in his pajamas and sees them drag Aunt
text: Elisabeth out of the house. Her two brothers, GUNTHER and
text: EHRENFRIED, embrace her, as if wanting to hold on to her.
text: Waltraud is standing next to her husband JOHANN. When
text: Kurt's father sees the small boy, he tries to send him
text: back into the house, but Kurt ignores him. Elisabeth is
text: fighting desperately, biting and scratching the
text: orderlies, until they give her an injection of
text: scopolamine to sedate her.
scene_heading: KURT'S PERSPECTIVE: THE PICTURE BECOMES BLURRED, AS IF TO
scene_heading: ALLEVIATE THE SHARP PAIN.
text: Kurt's mother holds her hand over the boy's eyes. But he
text: pushes the hand away, determined to see everything. She
text: covers his eyes again, and again he pushes her hand away,
text: automatically stepping to one side.
text: Elisabeth has calmed down and is weeping in silence. She
text: gazes at little Kurt out of the ambulance window, calmer
text: now, and waves to him. He waves back. She tries to say
text: something to him through the window.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP: ELISABETH’S LIPS MOUTHING THE WORDS: "NEVER
dialog: LOOK AWAY!"
text: The ambulance drives off. They are left standing there,
text: paralyzed: grandmother Malvine, Kurt's father Johann, his
dialog: mother Waltraud and Waltraud’s two brothers. Uncle
text: Giinther rests his hand briefly on Kurt's head.
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: (always the optimist
dialog: She'll be back soon.
dialog: But somehow nobody believes this.
scene_heading: 9. INT. BERLIN - FUHRER‘S CHANCELLERY - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
scene_heading: INSERT TITLE: Berlin, 1940
text: A high, long room in functional gray Nazi bombastic-
text: classical style. 20 men sit at a long conference table,
text: all in SS uniforms, all aged between 50 and 60. This is
dialog: no typical group of SS officers: these men are more
dialog: intelligent, more precise, better-groomed and more
dialog: pampered than your usual SS thugs. At the head of the
text: table is the psychiatrist DR BURGHARD KROLL, handsome,
text: malcontent, slightly effeminate. He has the quiet manner
dialog: 13
text: of a man who is accustomed to people listening when he
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: DR KROLL
dialog: I’d like to begin by congratulating you,
dialog: my dear colleagues: since the
dialog: introduction of the relevant law the
dialog: weakest percentile of the German
dialog: population has been rendered infertile.
dialog: 400,000 individuals. A proud figure. A
dialog: contribution towards positive breeding
dialog: that future generations will thank you
dialog: for. It is now my hope that we shall one
dialog: day live in a world where the streets are
dialog: completely free of mongoloids, the
text: mentally ill and other deformities.
text: This vision seems to appeal to his listeners.
speaker_heading: DR KROLL (CONT'D)
text: But it is time to shift into second gear.
dialog: As a result of the British air raids, we
dialog: have an increased need for auxiliary
dialog: hospital places. We cannot permit a
text: situation where a wounded German soldier
dialog: is denied a place in a hospital because
dialog: it is being used to nurture and maintain
dialog: useless life.
text: He pauses and looks round the room. The response is
text: common consent. His gaze rests for rather longer than
text: necessary on CARL SEEBAND, a slim man of about 40 who
text: gazes back at him with piercing blue eyes. Seeband is
text: sitting more erect than the others, his suit fits better
text: than the others, his hair is more neatly styled than the
dialog: others - he exudes order and control more than anyone
text: else in the room. Is there something in Kroll’s
dialog: expression indicating personal attraction?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (formal and pragmatic)
dialog: How can we help? What can we do?
speaker_heading: DR KROLL
dialog: Thank you for that question, Carl.
text: He produces a sample medical file.
speaker_heading: DR KROLL (CONT'D)
dialog: Gentleman, from now on you are not just
dialog: doctors and SS officers. You are judges
dialog: at the Genetic Health Court. What does
dialog: this mean? Well, any patient you have
dialog: 14
dialog: 10.
dialog: 11.
dialog: sterilized or will sterilize in the
dialog: future, whose medical file you mark with
text: a blue minus sign...
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP: A PEN MAKES A BLUE "-" ON THE FORM
speaker_heading: DR KROLL (CONT'D)
dialog: remains in the institution, and will
dialog: be looked after. However, if we find a
dialog: red plus sign on the medical file, we
dialog: understand that the life in question is a
dialog: worthless one, and the patient will be
dialog: transferred to one of three special
dialog: institutions in the eastern part of the
dialog: Reich, to be relieved of his meaningless
dialog: existence. Your pen is your sword.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL - CORRIDORS - DAY
text: Aunt Elisabeth, three years older, and calmer, is wearing
text: a white hospital gown. She is led through the white
text: corridors by an attendant. A NURSE holding a medical file
text: stands outside a large door with a sign that proclaims in
text: large brass letters that this is the office of Professor
text: Carl Seeband. When the attendant appears with Aunt
text: Elisabeth, the nurse presses a button next to the door.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL - SEEBAND’S OFFICE -
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS
text: Professor Seeband is sitting at his desk on the far side
text: of the large office. He places one last sheet of paper on
text: the impeccably tidy desk into a file.
text: He is wearing a brilliant white doctor’s coat over his
text: suit, and we notice an SS badge on the lapel. The tie is
text: perfectly knotted. A small light bulb next to the
text: intercom turns on. Seeband presses a button. All his
text: movements are perfectly controlled and practiced, almost
text: mechanical, but not without a certain grace.
text: The door opens. The nurse enters and places the medical
text: file on the desk in front of Seeband.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Examination and preliminary interview:
dialog: Elisabeth May. 23 years old. Psychiatric
dialog: patient for three years. Diagnosis number
dialog: 15
dialog: 14. Sterilization scheduled for today
dialog: 1545 hours.
text: Seeband picks up the file and dismisses the nurse with a
dialog: gesture.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Elisabeth)
dialog: You may enter. The form of address is
dialog: “Herr Professor".
text: The attendant waits outside. Elisabeth takes a few
text: hesitant steps into the room. The door is closed behind
text: her. She is alone in the large room with the Professor.
text: Seeband studies the file and, without looking up, points
text: to a chair on the other side of the desk.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: You can sit down.
text: She walks over and sits down. A few seconds pass.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: Good day.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Heil Hitler.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: Why should I heal him? You're the doctor.
text: She giggles a little at her joke. Seeband looks up, his
text: face lacking all expression.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (meekly, like a child)
dialog: Heil Hitler... Excuse me, I always have
dialog: to say whatever comes to my mind. That's
dialog: my problem.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Is that your only problem?
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: You will have to answer that one.
text: Seeband makes a note.
text: Elisabeth points to a framed water-color on the wall, a
text: landscape with a rainbow.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: Is that by your... daughter?
dialog: 16
text: Seeband clearly does not wish the conversation turned to
dialog: his family.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Why do you think you are here?
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: Because I sometimes don't think very
dialog: properly.
text: Seeband notes down her reply.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Do you know what kind of hospital this
dialog: is?
text: Elisabeth shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
text: A gynecological hospital.
text: She doesn't seem particularly impressed. Elisabeth
text: continues to gaze at the water-color.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: A very nice girl, your daughter. I can
dialog: see from the picture. Not what you would
dialog: really call artistically talented. I
dialog: suppose you might even be pleased by
dialog: that? But a lot of heart. I have a nephew
dialog: the same age. Unfortunately he's very
dialog: talented. I sometimes take him = to
dialog: exhibitions, to encourage him.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Very well, now please go and get on to
text: the examination chair in the next room.
dialog: Take off your...
text: Now we hear a loud shout on the other side of the door.
speaker_heading: MAN (OFF)
dialog: (through the door)
dialog: I insist on speaking to the professor!
text: We also hear the voice of the nurse, who is trying to
text: calm the man down. Seeband gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Excuse me a moment.
dialog: 17
text: He crosses to the door, and when he opens it, a man aged
text: about 50 is gazing at him with such hatred that even
text: Seeband is taken aback.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Well, there he is.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Herr Lohse-Wachtler.
text: Seeband leaves the room, closing the door behind him.
text: Elisabeth can't hear anything else.
text: On the spur of the moment she reaches out for her file,
text: where Seeband has been writing his notes. A few phrases
text: leap out at her:
dialog: CLOSE-UP: "Diagnosis 14: schizophrenic disorder"... "To
dialog: render infertile"... "Sterilization appointment 1545
dialog: hours".
text: In shock, Elisabeth closes the file and pushes it back
text: across the desk.
text: Seeband comes back into the room. As he closes the door,
text: we see the man outside being led away by two attendants.
text: When Seeband sits down at his desk he notices immediately
text: that the file is in a slightly different position. He
text: looks Elisabeth in the eye, severely.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: It would have been better had you not
dialog: seen that.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: I am from a healthy background. I know
dialog: I'm healthy.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (pointing to the file)
text: Three experts are of a different view.
text: She leaps up.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: No! No!
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (severely)
dialog: Sit down again.
dialog: 18
text: He addresses her with such authority that she obeys. He
text: presses the button next to the intercom. Immediately the
text: attendant enters and approaches Elisabeth, who is sitting
text: in her chair.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: You will now go to the examination room
text: and then to the operating theater, and
dialog: you will cooperate. Otherwise we shall
dialog: have to strap you down, and everything
dialog: will be more difficult and more painful.
text: Elisabeth looks round desperately, wringing her hands.
text: She suddenly leaps up and runs past Seeband to the
text: furthest corner of the room, as far away as possible,
text: pressing her back against the wall.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Please... Herr Seeband... Herr
dialog: Professor... Please... Please!
text: The attendant tries to grab hold of her, but it's
text: difficult to pull her out of the corner.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (increasingly hysterical
dialog: Please... For the Fiihrer... I shall have
dialog: children, healthy, Aryan children,
dialog: please, please, please. Herr Professor. I
dialog: will give them to the Fiihrer, as we are
dialog: supposed to. And my children will also
dialog: give their children to the Fiihrer. For
dialog: the war. You need soldiers, don't you?
dialog: Who else is going to fight...? Who else
dialog: is going to fight...? I'm only sometimes
dialog: confused... Not very often at all...
dialog: Please. Don't take my children away from
dialog: me.
text: She has become very weak and now allows the attendant to
text: lift her to her feet and lead her towards the door.
text: But after a few steps suddenly she pulls free and leaps
text: at Seeband, grabbing his feet like a sinner in a biblical
dialog: painting.
speaker_heading: AUNT ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (shrill, in despair)
dialog: You are a father too, aren't you...?
dialog: Please, for your daughter... She paints
dialog: 19
dialog: 12.
dialog: too... She could be my sister... I could
dialog: be your daughter... Papa! Papa!!
text: Seeband is horrified and revolted but doesn't want to
text: touch Elisabeth himself. The attendant struggles, trying
text: to pull her free.
text: CLOSE-UP: a tear falls onto Seeband’s highly polished
text: shoe, splashing there.
text: The attendant drags Elisabeth to the door. She is still
text: gazing at Seeband, stretching her arms out to him. Tears
text: are flowing down her cheeks. The door is closed behind
text: her. For a moment we can still hear Elisabeth outside;
text: then there is silence. Seeband presses the button of his
text: intercom.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Andrea. I will not perform the operation
dialog: on Fraulein May myself. Assign Blockmann.
speaker_heading: ANDREA (V. O.)
dialog: (over the intercom)
text: But he is scheduled for the delivery room
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Then change the schedule!
text: He turns off the intercom. He looks down at the damp tear
text: stain on his shoe, takes out a handkerchief and wipes it
text: dry. As he is about to put the handkerchief back in his
text: pocket he looks at it in disgust, and drops it into the
text: garbage can. Then he picks up Elisabeth's file. After
text: hesitating briefly he reaches for a pen and draws a red
text: cross in the appropriate box.
scene_heading: EXT. ARNSDORF SANATORIUM - DAY
speaker_heading: INSERT TITLE: 1941
text: The May/Barnert family step off a bus onto a dusty
dialog: village street. They have all made an effort with their
text: appearance. Ehrenfried and Giinther are in their army
text: uniforms, Kurt - now nine years old - is in his Hitler
text: Youth uniform, complete with armband, and Johann is
text: wearing his best suit. Malvine and Waltraud are in summer
dialog: dresses.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: 20
dialog: You all look very nice in your uniforms.
dialog: Elisabeth will be pleased.
text: They approach the sanatorium. Waltraud notices something
text: and turns to her husband.
speaker_heading: WALTRAUD
dialog: (strictly)
dialog: Johann...
text: He turns to her with a guilty expression. She gives hima
text: meaningful look. He reaches into his pocket and hands her
text: something. A Nazi party badge. She pins it to his lapel
text: as if he were a little boy.
speaker_heading: JOHANN
dialog: (sadly, resigned)
dialog: I know: after the war it will be my
dialog: capital.
speaker_heading: WALTRAUD
dialog: And don't forget the salute. Heil Hitler.
text: Johann nods reluctantly. They climb the broad steps to
dialog: the sanatorium.
speaker_heading: EHRENFRIED
dialog: (whispers to Johann)
dialog: If you really can't bring yourself to say
dialog: it, just say "three liter" very fast.
dialog: Nobody will notice.
speaker_heading: WALTRAUD
dialog: (to Kurt)
dialog: Don't say anything about your painting.
dialog: And not a word about the nudies...
text: She raises an admonishing index finger. Kurt looks
dialog: ashamed.
speaker_heading: WALTRAUD (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Glinther)
dialog: And keep quiet about enjoying Heine’s
dialog: books. We don't have any hobbies, and we
dialog: know nothing about art or culture...
dialog: except Richard Wagner, of course.
text: She says this so seriously that suddenly everybody starts
text: laughing, including grandmother Malvina and Waltraud
dialog: herself.
dialog: 21
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. ARNSDORF SANATORIUM - RECEPTION - CONTINUOUS
text: The large reception area of the sanatorium. On one side
text: about 10 uniformed nurses posing for a group photo. A
text: photographer has set up a camera on a tripod in front of
text: them. Kurt watches with interest.
text: Two other nurses are standing at the reception desk. One
text: of them now leaves the counter and goes over to join the
text: group, while the other turns to Johann.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Heil Hitler.
text: Johann takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: JOHANN
dialog: Three liter!
text: Ehrenfried suppresses a grin: he is the only one who
dialog: heard what Johann really said.
speaker_heading: JOHANN (CONT'D)
dialog: We have an appointment to visit one of
dialog: your patients, Elisabeth May. I'm Johann
text: Barnert, her brother-in-law. These are
dialog: her brothers, Ehrenfried and Giinther. Her
dialog: sister Waltraud, her mother Malvine.
text: The nurse looks through her file.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Fraulein Elisabeth May was transferred
dialog: the day before yesterday.
speaker_heading: WALTRAUD
dialog: Transferred? That's impossible.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Orders from Central Office.
speaker_heading: WALTRAUD
dialog: But where to?
text: Another nurse approaches the reception desk.
speaker_heading: NURSE #2
dialog: (to Nurse #1)
dialog: Kathe, we’re waiting.
text: She indicates the group of nurses who have assembled for
text: a photograph. The nurse who has been talking to Johann
dialog: 22
dialog: 14.
text: nods to indicate she is coming, and the other nurse goes
text: back to the group.
speaker_heading: WALTRAUD
dialog: (repeats)
dialog: Where has she been transferred to?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (checking the file)
dialog: GroBschweidnitz Hospital.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: GroBschweidnitz? That's two days from
dialog: here! How are we supposed to visit her?
dialog: We have to work. And the boys are on a
text: brief leave from the front.
text: The nurse can't help them. She waves to the other nurses
dialog: to indicate she is coming as quickly as possible; they
text: beckon her over urgently for the photograph. Little Kurt
text: is still watching closely.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I can't tell you any more than that. And
dialog: now I have to go. Heil Hitler.
text: Nobody from the family replies. Grandmother Malvine
text: begins to cry. Kurt gazes at the group of smiling nurses,
text: making the image blurred...
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSIA - ROAD OUTSIDE STAVROPOL - DAY
scene_heading: INSERT TITLE: Russia, 1943
text: It is the middle of winter. Uncle Giinther and Uncle
text: Ehrenfried are at the Eastern Front, marching into a
text: small town in Russia with a company of 40 men.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
text: Reconnaissance in groups of two.
dialog: Rendezvous back here in 30 minutes.
text: Giinther and Ehrenfried walk through the town, the
text: civilian population watching them with fearful, awed
text: expressions. A little Russian boy holding a camera tugs
text: at Giinther’s sleeve and points to the camera, indicating
dialog: that he wants to sell it.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN BOY
dialog: One Reichsmark. One Reichsmmark.
dialog: 23
text: Gunther laughs.
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: I can't drag a camera all the way to
dialog: Moscow. But you take a photograph.
text: The boy doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: GUNTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You - click, click - send to Germany? I
dialog: give you one Reichsmark. You keep camera.
text: Now the boy understands. Giinther gives him an army postal
text: envelope, complete with stamp and address, which the boy
text: gazes at in amazement. The boy indicates Giinther should
text: stand next to a wall. It is the most desolate background
text: for a photograph one could imagine, but Giinther complies.
speaker_heading: EHRENFRIED
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: "Dear Mummy, we would like to share with
dialog: you the magnificence of our lives here."
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN BOY
dialog: Ulibatsa.
text: He gestures to indicate his meaning: smile. Giinther has
text: to smile at this. The boy focuses the picture - not
text: entirely successfully - and presses the shutter release.
text: Giinther hands him a one Reichsmark coin and pats him on
text: the head, which again surprises the boy.
speaker_heading: EHRENFRIED
dialog: (cynically)
dialog: What are the chances, would you say, that
dialog: he really will send the photograph back
dialog: home?
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: Significantly higher than the chances
dialog: that we really will make it to Moscow.
speaker_heading: EHRENFRIED
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: Sshh! If you talk like that, we won't get
dialog: further than that wall...
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
scene_heading: A15. INT. MAY FAMILY HOUSE - NIGHT
scene_heading: INSERT TITLE: 13*® February 1945
dialog: 24
dialog: 15.
dialog: 16.
dialog: 17.
text: Kurt, now 13 years old, and somewhat too tall for his
text: cot, awakes from the sound of airplane engines ROARING
text: outside. He sits up to watch them from his window, then
text: decides to run outside.
scene_heading: INT MAY FAMILY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: In the backyard, Kurt watches American and British
text: warplanes race across the sky with a menacing THUNDER.
text: They seem close enough to touch. And there are more and
dialog: more of them.
text: Suddenly something moves down from the sky. Thin strips
text: of metallic foil - hundreds and thousands of them - rain
text: down from the sky like glittering snakes.
text: Malvine, in her dressing gown, comes out and stands next
dialog: to the boy.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: Metallic foil. I read about that. It's to
dialog: interfere with the radio and radar.
text: Moments later the city some distance away begins to glow
text: with flames, and we hear muffled EXPLOSIONS.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING BUS / EXT. STREETS IN DRESDEN — DAY
text: The bus driver we know from the opening sequence is
text: driving through an archway in Dresden. Suddenly there is
text: the ROAR of aero-engines, a WHISTLING sound and a CRASH
text: as a bomb HITS the roof of the building he is driving
text: through. It COLLAPSES, burying and killing the bus and
text: everybody inside it.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN - APARTMENT - NURSERY - NIGHT
text: ONE SHOT: A MOTHER runs into a nursery when she hears the
text: approaching BOMBERS.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Johanna! Johanna!
text: But before she can reach the bed where her ten-year-old
text: daughter Johanna (flaming red hair) is sleeping, the
text: incendiary bomb STRIKES. The room is TORN APART, the
text: mother immediately killed by shrapnel. The little girl is
dialog: 25
dialog: 20.
dialog: 21.
dialog: 22.
dialog: 23.
text: set on fire; she leaps up but then collapses in a ball of
dialog: flame.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN - APARTMENT HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: ONE SHOT: An elderly couple, holding hands like little
text: children, rush to make their way to the air raid shelter,
text: along with their little dachshund. They buried by falling
text: masonry as the bomb STRIKES.
scene_heading: EXT. MAY FAMILY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: INTERCUT HIGH ANGLE SHOTS of young Kurt standing in the
text: garden, who can only see the bombers overhead and the
text: distant flames, but can imagine what is happening there.
text: His mother has joined him. We see the distant fires
text: reflected in their faces. His mother places her hand over
text: the boy's eyes, but he pushes her hand down. She does not
text: try again. More and more bombers are approaching in the
text: skies overhead.
text: KURT’S POV: He BLURS THE IMAGE of the bombers.
scene_heading: INT. EASTERN FRONT — WAREHOUSE IN WITEBSK - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Ehrenfried and Giinther, frost on their now bearded faces,
text: are lying close together among other German soldiers
text: huddled in field sleeping bags inside an icy cold
text: warehouse. We see large signs in Cyrillic letters on the
text: walls. Suddenly an ARTILLERY SHELL CRASHES through the
text: roof. The German soldiers leap up. Another SHELL HITS. A
text: fragment of shrapnel strikes Ehrenfried in the throat,
text: cuts open his carotid artery. Glinther leaps over to him
text: and attempts to staunch the blood. Ehrenfried tries to
text: say something but can't produce a single word. He dies in
text: his brother’s arms. Giinther, enraged and desperate, grabs
text: his gun and runs over to the door, standing with his back
text: to the wall just next to it. He's ready to run outside...
text: when a salvo of machine gun fire smashes through the thin
text: walls of the warehouse. Pinpricks of light create a
text: graphic depiction of the holes made in the wall by the
text: bullets. And suddenly we see blood appear at four places
text: on Giinther's uniform: the bullets have also gone through
text: his body. He slumps down the wall, dead.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. GROSSCHWEIDNITZ CLINIC - CORRIDORS - SIMULTANEOUS
dialog: 26
dialog: 24.
dialog: 25.
text: In Gro&schweidnitz a group of 20 psychiatric patients is
text: led down a white tile spiral staircase. Several patients
text: with Down's syndrome are among them. One of them keeps on
text: kissing the walls, while another clutches the hand of the
text: attendant with complete trust. Among them Aunt Elisabeth,
text: now very thin, her eyes hollow from misery and
text: malnutrition, looking like a mummified child. She also
dialog: allows herself to be led without complaint, but at the
text: same time she watches everything very closely. They have
text: reached their destination, and now the patients are led
text: into the "shower room".
scene_heading: INT. GROSSCHWEIDNITZ CLINIC - "SHOWER ROOM" - CONTINUOUS
text: Inside this white-tiled room the patients obediently
text: spread out so each one is standing underneath a shower
text: head. They look up, puzzled, because nothing happens when
text: they turn the taps. It suddenly becomes apparent that
text: only the patients themselves are left in the room. The
text: door is locked. And then carbon monoxide emanates from
text: tiny holes in several pipes that run the length of the
dialog: room. Some of the patients don't understand what's
text: happening. Others begin to scream or weep.
text: Elisabeth stands there quite calmly, watching what is
text: happening around her. A few of the patients with more
text: presence of mind run over to the door and hammer on it,
text: trying to open it. But it is sealed so tightly that it
text: doesn't move in the slightest.
scene_heading: INT. GROSSCHWEIDNITZ CLINIC - OUTSIDE "SHOWER ROOM" -
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS
text: The medical staff standing on the other side of the door
text: look grave and tense.
text: Gradually it becomes quieter inside the shower room. The
text: hammering on the door becomes weaker and finally stops
text: completely. Then the face of the young woman with Down's
text: syndrome appears once again in the small window of the
text: door. When she sees the attendant, she gives him a
text: friendly smile, kisses the glass and then suddenly adopts
text: an expression of pain. Her face registers astonishment
text: followed by great sadness. And finally she collapses.
dialog: Then silence.
dialog: 27
dialog: 26.
dialog: 27.
dialog: 28.
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. GROSSCHWEIDNITZ CLINIC - 20 MINUTES LATER
text: The room is being washed out with a hose by two SS men,
text: the bodies cleaned. Then they are dragged outside.
text: Elisabeth is lying there, her eyes wide open, as if even
text: in death she were still watching her murderers. The SS
text: attendant is disconcerted by this.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: You take this side.
scene_heading: INT. EASTERN FRONT — WAREHOUSE IN WITEBSK - SIMULTANEOUS
text: German soldiers rush past the bodies of the two brothers,
text: their death merely a part of normality.
scene_heading: EXT. MAY FAMILY HOUSE - EARLY DAWN
text: Kurt is still standing in the garden, staring skywards.
text: Now the Allied planes are returning home. The fires have
text: spread, and the city of Dresden is burning in the
text: distance like the vision of hell by Hieronymus Bosch.
speaker_heading: END OF MONTAGE
scene_heading: INT. MAY FAMILY HOUSE - DAY - 8th MAY 1945
scene_heading: INSERT TITLE: 8*? May 1945
text: Kurt, 13 years old, no longer a child and not yet a man,
text: is gazing with his steel-grey eyes through a crack in the
text: drawn curtains of the living room window.
text: Waltraud and Malvine are sitting at the table, listening
text: to the radio. There are three other women with them.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: People of Germany, the Bolshevik hordes
text: are approaching. They are already outside
dialog: Dresden. They know no mercy. They
dialog: plunder, rape and murder. You have seen
text: in newsreels the images of mutilated
dialog: German women and children in East
dialog: Prussia. Lock your doors, arm yourselves.
dialog: And, just as our heroic troops are doing,
dialog: resist in every way possible!
dialog: 28
text: Suddenly Kurt sees two Russian soldiers approaching the
text: house. He sees them alternately in and out of focus.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (strangely calm)
dialog: They are here.
speaker_heading: WALTRAUD
dialog: No! No!!
dialog: (whispering in panic)
dialog: Did you lock the door?
text: The door is locked, and every item of furniture that can
text: be moved has been pushed in front of it to keep the chair
text: in place that has been wedged under the doorhandle: a
text: chest of drawers, sideboard, an armchair, and right in
text: front of it even a wardrobe. On these pieces, they have
dialog: piled everything that is at all heavy.
text: The soldiers walk up to the front door. Everybody inside
text: becomes silent. We see from inside that the doorhandle is
text: pushed down, then up, then down again.
text: We hear the muffled guttural voices of the two Russian
text: soldiers as they walk around the house. The curtains are
text: drawn. Suddenly the barrel of a gun smashes through the
text: window, the curtain is torn down with a jerk, and Kurt
text: and the women find themselves looking a Russian sergeant
text: aged about 40, in the eye. He appears angry, dirty and
text: exhausted. He points his gun at the people standing above
text: him inside the house.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN SERGEANT
dialog: Stoitje. Halt. Stay there.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: (to the other women, calmly)
dialog: Don’t move. We don't want to anger him.
text: Showing considerable agility, the sergeant leaps onto the
text: window ledge and into the room. His uniform is torn and
dialog: ragged.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN SERGEANT
dialog: (to Kurt, indicating the door)
dialog: Atkroi dwerj.
text: The meaning is clear, but Kurt hesitates.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER MALVINE
dialog: Do it, Kurt.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30.
text: Kurt walks over to the wardrobe which has been placed
text: right in front of the chair that is holding the door and
text: tries to push it away, but he's too small and weak. The
text: sergeant laughs, walks over and tips the wardrobe with a
text: powerful shove. It falls and smashes on the ground. The
text: door is now free. The sergeant gestures to indicate that
text: Kurt should unlock it. Kurt turns the key in the lock.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN SERGEANT
dialog: Atkroi.
text: Kurt opens the door. A Russian soldier is standing
text: outside, a private aged about 18 who is only slightly
text: taller than Kurt. They exchange glances. The sergeant
text: beckons him inside and gestures to indicate that Kurt
dialog: should leave.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN SERGEANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Woann! (Get lost!)
text: Kurt looks over at the women one last time. Waltraud nods
text: to him. He walks out of the door. The sergeant locks it
text: behind him and then comes over to look at the women more
dialog: closely.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN SERGEANT (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the private, in Russian, subtitled)
dialog: Choose one.
text: The young soldier hardly dares look at the women, but
text: after glancing at them surreptitiously he finally raises
text: one hand a little and points at Waltraud. The sergeant
text: points his gun at her.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN SERGEANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Frau! Come!
dialog: (to the other women, his voice harsh)
dialog: Halt. You stay! You stay!
text: The other women nod. The sergeant leads Waltraud up the
text: stairs, the young soldier following them.
text: He takes her into the first bedroom he finds, which
text: happens to be Elisabeth’s room.
scene_heading: INT. MAY FAMILY HOUSE - AUNT ELISABETH’S ROOM - DAY
text: The sergeant crosses to stand next to the bed, still
text: pointing his gun at Waltraud.
dialog: 30
dialog: 31.
dialog: 32.
dialog: 33.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN SERGEANT
dialog: (to the private, dryly, in Russian)
dialog: It's a little tricky with clothes.
dialog: Undress her.
text: The young private starts to undress Waltraud. He is not
text: rough with her. He kisses her bare shoulder. Clumsily,
text: awkwardly - and then passionately. The private is
text: standing with his back to the sergeant, but Waltraud can
text: see the sergeant, who now makes a rotating gesture with
text: his Tokarev pistol, indicating that she should show a
text: little enthusiasm. Waltraud therefore returns the
text: private’s embrace, kissing him. Satisfied by this
text: development, the sergeant leans back against the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. MAY FAMILY HOUSE - TREE TOP - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Kurt has climbed a tree and is gazing straight into the
text: bedroom. He can't look away. He sees the picture
text: alternatingly in and out of focus: His mother lying on
text: the bed with the private. The sergeant watching with an
dialog: expression of interest.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF OF DRESDEN TOWN HALL - DAY -— LONG SHOT
text: The Soviet flag is raised on the tower of the bombed
text: Dresden Town Hall in the Old Market, to the cheers of the
text: onlooking Russians. Beneath the sculpture of Bonitas with
text: her outstretched arms we see the completely ruined city.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL - STAIRS - DAY
text: A squad of uniformed Soviet NKWD men (secret police)
text: climbs the battered staircase of the Gynecological
text: Hospital. We see that the roof is missing, and there is
text: rubble everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL - CORRIDORS -
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS
text: The men march along the corridor with harsh, rapid steps
text: until they encounter two young doctors.
speaker_heading: NKWD OFFICER
dialog: 31
dialog: Professor Seeband?
text: The doctors are all too willing to point out their boss’s
text: office. They watch the Soviet soldiers as they march on
text: until they reach the office. Just as they are about to
text: knock at the door they notice that there is a large hole
text: in the the wall alongside it, so they can in fact walk
text: straight into Seeband’s formerly tidy office.
scene_heading: 35. INT. DRESDEN GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL - SEEBAND’S OFFICE -
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS
text: Seeband has been expecting this visit. He is standing
text: upright behind his desk, a white coat over his civilian
text: suit, as if posing for an official photograph.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Careful.
text: He indicates a hole in the floor through which we can see
text: the room below. The men walk around it.
speaker_heading: NKWD OFFICER
dialog: Herr Seeband?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Professor Seeband. Yes, that's me.
text: He surrenders to the Soviets, holding out his hands; he
text: is immediately handcuffed and led away.
scene_heading: 36. EXT. SOVIET PRISONER OF WAR CAMP MUHLBERG - DAY
speaker_heading: (ESTABLISHING)
text: Undernourished German prisoners gather in small groups,
text: closely guarded by equally undernourished Soviet
dialog: soldiers.
scene_heading: 37. INT. SOVIET PRISONER OF WAR CAMP, MUHLBERG -
scene_heading: COMMANDANT’S OFFICE - DAY
text: A large but simple office. An adjutant is using an axe to
text: chop up a valuable Rococo commode which has been brought
text: up in a wheelbarrow, tossing the pieces of wood into a
text: heating oven.
text: Seeband is sitting opposite the stocky CAMP COMMANDER,
scene_heading: NKWD MAJOR ALEXANDER MIKHAILOVICH MURAVYOV, just as
text: Elisabeth was sitting across from him not so many years
dialog: 32
text: ago. The Commandant is smoking a non-filter Gospodin
text: cigarette and studying Seeband’s file, checking some
text: items with his interpreter and shaking his head in
dialog: genuine moral indignation.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV
dialog: Herr Seeband...
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Professor Seeband.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV
text: (in Russian, to the interpreter, incredulously
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: He wants you to call him "Professor".
text: Muravyov smiles at this impertinence, gets to his feet
text: and sits on the desk so the seated Seeband has to look up
text: at him. The cigarette smoke disturbs Seeband, who is very
text: obviously a non-smoker, but he tries not to indicate
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV
dialog: Ladno (“Alright"), Professor.
text: He suddenly slaps Seeband very hard across the face.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Where is Burghard Kroll?
dialog: The interpreter translates.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Who?
dialog: The interpreter translates.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV
dialog: (in Russian, with subtitles)
dialog: Burghard Kroll? Your boss in the...
dialog: (he reads)
dialog: Reich Medical Workgroup. We know
dialog: about the meetings in Berlin.
text: He holds a photograph in front of Seeband’s face.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: I do not know what you're talking about.
dialog: I do not know that gentleman.
dialog: 33
dialog: The interpreter translates.
text: Muravyov hits Seeband across the face again, this time
dialog: even harder.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: I still do not know him.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV
dialog: (losing his temper
dialog: The only reason we don't hang = you
dialog: immediately is that we are going to
dialog: behave better that you swines. We have
dialog: laws. But since there are so many of you
dialog: swine, it takes us a while to find all of
dialog: you and slaughter you. Just like you
dialog: found and slaughtered anybody you didn't
dialog: like.
text: The interpreter translates simultaneously, without any
text: expression. Seeband listens closely, displaying no
text: emotion. Muravyov seems to be wanting to argue with him,
text: to defeat him by reason.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV (CONT'D)
dialog: If my child is born not completely
dialog: healthy, then he deserves to die? Is that
dialog: right?
text: Seeband is always prepared to enter into a duel of
dialog: intellect.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: The space and resources available to us
dialog: on this earth are not unlimited. Who
dialog: should have access to them? The healthy
dialog: or the sick?
text: This argument enrages Muravyov almost as much as the fact
text: that he can't immediately think of any counter argument.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV
dialog: Well, Soon there will be one more space
dialog: available, that's for sure.
scene_heading: 38. INT. DRESDEN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY
text: Kurt's father, visibly aged, is wearing a greasy suit.
text: His hair is neatly combed, he is shaved, and he is
text: sitting with his hat in his lap, also at a desk in a
dialog: 34
text: simple office. He forces a smile. It's a job interview.
text: Facing him is a German SCHOOL PRINCIPAL with a Communist
text: Party badge on the lapel of his jacket.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL PRINCIPAL
dialog: (looking at the application folder
dialog: You have not indicated whether you were a
dialog: member of the Nazi Party.
text: Johann does not respond.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL PRINCIPAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you a member of the Party?
speaker_heading: JOHANN
dialog: Principal... For many years I...
speaker_heading: SCHOOL PRINCIPAL
dialog: Yes or no, Herr Barnert.
speaker_heading: JOHANN
dialog: Yes.
text: The Principal calmly gets to his feet: the interview is
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: JOHANN (CONT'D)
dialog: I am not a Nazi. Three quarters of all
dialog: teachers were in the Party.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL PRINCIPAL
dialog: And it is to the remaining quarter that
dialog: we shall entrust our children. Good day.
scene_heading: 39. EXT. SOVIET PRISONER OF WAR CAMP, MUHLBERG - SEEBAND’S
speaker_heading: CELL - DAY
text: Seeband has built himself a razor from a piece of broken
text: glass, a few bits of wood from a crucifix and a shoelace.
text: He is shaving himself. He hears a conversation in Russian
text: between two of the guards and repeats the words they are
text: saying quietly to himself. Suddenly one of them hears
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: What is this? Are you repeating what
dialog: we're saying?
dialog: Seeband knows this could be dangerous.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: 35
dialog: I beg forgiveness.
text: The guard looks into the cell and sees the improvised
text: razor, which impresses him.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (in German)
dialog: You are learning Russian?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Ja staraius.
dialog: (Subtitle: I am trying)
text: The Russian guard gazes at him, somewhat in awe of
dialog: Seeband.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You'll still be hanged.
scene_heading: 40. INT. SOVIET PRISONER OF WAR CAMP, MUHLBERG -
scene_heading: COMMANDANT’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Loud screams of agony from Muravyov's WIFE, who is lying
text: on the bed, pale and perspiring. Muravyov is beside
text: himself, pacing up and down like a man obsessed, trying
text: repeatedly to talk to his wife. But she doesn't respond.
text: A Russian ARMY DOCTOR is sitting at her bedside, taking
text: her blood pressure. There is a nurse next to him.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV’S WIFE
dialog: Hot! It’s hot!
text: Muravyov, thankful there is something he can do, rushes
text: to open the window. At that moment another CRY OF PAIN
dialog: from his wife.
scene_heading: 41. INT. SOVIET PRISONER OF WAR CAMP, MUHLBERG - SEEBAND’S
scene_heading: CELL - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Seeband is sitting on the lower bunk in his cell, reading
text: a Russian military pamphlet, saying some of the words out
text: loud and repeating them in an attempt to learn them. He
text: underlines other words and then writes them out on a
text: scrap of paper. Another German prisoner offers him a
text: hand-rolled cigarette from the top bunk. Seeband refuses
text: with a gesture, not bothering to look: he is not
text: interested in comradeship or cigarettes. Another LONG CRY
text: OF PAIN can be heard in the distance. At the side of the
text: scrap of paper he makes a note in a table he has
text: constructed, with columns headed "Pre-contractions",
dialog: 36
dialog: "Dilation" and "Contractions", together with estimated
dialog: times.
scene_heading: 42. INT. SOVIET PRISONER OF WAR CAMP, MUHLBERG -
scene_heading: COMMANDANT’S BEDROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: The Army Doctor is clearly uneasy. Sensing this, Muravyov
text: becomes even more anxious.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV
dialog: How can it possibly take so long?
speaker_heading: ARMY DOCTOR
dialog: I can't do anything until the
text: contractions begin. We have to wait.
text: Muravyov again starts pacing up and down, wringing his
text: hands. He lights a cigarette but immediately flings it
dialog: away.
scene_heading: 43. INT. SOVIET PRISONER OF WAR CAMP, MUHLBERG - SEEBAND’S
scene_heading: CELL - CONTINUOUS
text: Seeband knocks against the bars of his cell until an
text: obtuse-looking guard appears.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Schto?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Comrade! Preliminary contractions can't
dialog: last that long. The baby is in the wrong
dialog: position.
text: The guard stares at him blankly.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: The interpreter.
text: The guard still doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Perewotchik.
text: He points in the direction of the muffled screams.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: 37
dialog: Ja magu pamotsch. Ja wratsch, nemjetzki
dialog: wratsch. Pozawitje Perewotschika. Srasu.
dialog: (Subtitle: I can help. I am a doctor.
dialog: German doctor. Call the interpreter.
dialog: Quickly.)
scene_heading: 44. INT. SOVIET PRISONER OF WAR CAMP, MUHLBERG - SEEBAND’S
scene_heading: CELL - SHORTLY AFTERWARDS
text: The interpreter, looking sleepy and annoyed at having
text: been woken up, is now standing next to the guard outside
dialog: the cell.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: I can't help you.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: If you do not tell the Major I can help,
dialog: you will have to shoot me here and now.
dialog: Because I promise you that I will tell
dialog: him his wife had a chance and = you
dialog: prevented her from taking it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 45. INT. SOVIET PRISONER OF WAR CAMP, MUHLBERG -
scene_heading: COMMANDANT’ S BEDROOM
text: Muravyov, distraught and disheveled, addresses the
dialog: interpreter in Russian.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: What is he saying?
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: He is suspicious. He asks why you want to
dialog: help.
text: Seeband gazes straight at Muravyov.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: I want to help because I can.
text: The interpreter translates while Seeband turns’ to
text: Muravyov's wife. Her face as white as a sheet, bathed in
text: perspiration. She is talking to herself, panicking.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV’S WIFE
dialog: (in Russian, with subtitles)
dialog: 38
dialog: A gypsy woman predicted I will never have
dialog: children. How could I believe I am
dialog: stronger than destiny?!
text: Seeband ignores this and feels her abdomen.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (to the army doctor)
dialog: Which week?
dialog: The interpreter translates.
speaker_heading: ARMY DOCTOR
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Blood pressure?
text: The Army Doctor says a number; the interpreter
dialog: translates.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV’S WIFE
dialog: How could I believe I can have children?!
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Tell her that she will definitely have
dialog: one child. And if she wants, many more
dialog: after that.
dialog: Amazed that Seeband has understood this so well, the
text: interpreter translates his words.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (to the men)
text: The baby is in a transverse position.
dialog: During the contractions the uterus is too
dialog: hard for me to turn it. I shall open the
text: amniotic sac from inside. In a_ pause
text: between contractions, I turn the baby.
text: The Interpreter starts translating, then falters.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: I am a military interpreter... I...
dialog: Seeband understands.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (indicating the army doctor)
dialog: Tell him to prepare an anesthetic.
dialog: 39
dialog: The interpreter translates.
text: The army doctor hands Seeband a pair of rubber gloves
text: which are clearly not new. Seeband puts them on and then
text: points to the bottle of vodka Muravyov is drinking. He
dialog: indicates that Muravyov should pour the vodka over the
text: gloves he and the army doctor are wearing. Muravyov does
text: so. The nurse holds up a towel, and the army doctor is
text: about to take it.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Russian, strictly)
dialog: Do not dry. Do not touch anything.
text: The army doctor puts an ether mask over Muravyov's wife's
text: face and drips some ether on it. She becomes calm.
text: CLOSE-UP: Seeband’s face as he turns the baby,
text: concentrating hard: he is in his element.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I have the legs...
dialog: (he pulls)
dialog: Now I place the index finger in the
text: baby's mouth, press the chin against the
text: chest and lever his head out...
text: The translator translates.
text: After a few seconds, we hear the cry of a newborn baby
dialog: o/c.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Parenj. Zdadowij paren}.
dialog: (Subtitle: A boy. A healthy boy)
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: And a healthy, magnificent mother. I
dialog: congratulate you, Major.
text: Seeband takes off the gloves and extends his hand for
text: Muravyov to shake. The Commandant doesn't take his hand
text: but instead embraces Seeband and kisses him.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV
dialog: Whoever saves a life, saves the whole
dialog: world. You have saved my world,
dialog: Professor. Nobody will harm a hair of
dialog: your head. You are now under my personal
dialog: protection.
text: He opens the door and turns to his adjutant.
dialog: 40
dialog: 46.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV (CONT'D)
dialog: Get the guest room ready for the
dialog: Professor, and give him some of my
dialog: clothes.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELDS IN WALTERDORF - AG
speaker_heading: INSERT TITLE: 1948
text: Kurt is sitting high up in a tree, gazing across a field.
text: Silent, contemplative, watchful, the way we now know him.
text: CLOSE-UP of Kurt's face. Suddenly we see his expression
text: lighten, his mood change as an insight strikes him. He
text: straightens up. The insight remains.
text: He opens his arms wide.
text: LONG SHOT: displaying great agility, Kurt climbs down
text: from the tree. Even his gait has changed: slower, more
text: deliberate and self-contained now.
text: He strides towards the CAMERA. Suddenly, possessed by
text: exuberance, he starts running towards the CAMERA and then
text: out of the shot.
text: EXTREME LONG SHOT: Kurt runs across the fields.
text: CLOSE-UP: as he runs and jumps his expression is one of
dialog: sheer bliss, the kind of emotion seldom granted to
dialog: anybody in a lifetime.
scene_heading: EXT. MAY FAMILY HOUSE - DAY
text: When Kurt gets back to the house he is breathless, serene
dialog: and inspired.
text: His father is sitting at a plastic table by the door,
text: trying to repair an electrical appliance. The components
text: are spread out in front of him. When he sees Kurt
text: approaching he gives him a weary, affectionate wave.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (euphorically)
dialog: Father! You don't have to worry any
dialog: longer! Now I understand!
speaker_heading: JOHANN
dialog: What... What is it you understand?
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: 
dialog: Everything... How everything is
dialog: connected, what everything means... The
dialog: fact that everything is linked..
dialog: Everything...
dialog: (almost bashful about his happiness)
dialog: The code of the world...
text: His father smiles, rather bewildered.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I never have to worry again, never have
dialog: to be afraid again. I am untouchable.
speaker_heading: JOHANN
dialog: (smiling mildly)
dialog: That's nice.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: No, Father, you don't understand... You
dialog: don't have to worry either. I don't even
dialog: have to be an artist any more. I can
dialog: choose any profession and will still find
dialog: the Truth!
text: Johann picks up his dog and strokes it; it's hard to say
text: who looks more disheveled, Johann or the dog. In any
text: case, he is as far removed from Kurt's spiritual state as
dialog: could possibly be.
speaker_heading: JOHANN
dialog: I'm happy for you, really.
text: Waltraud comes out of the house. Kurt runs up to her
text: twirls her round for a few steps, embraces her and runs
text: into the house. She looks very worried.
text: After a moment Kurt comes out again, carrying a small
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I have to preserve this moment!
text: He takes a picture of his father with the Pomeranian in
text: his arms, another of his mother in her flower-patterned
text: apron, and then runs back inside.
speaker_heading: JOHANN
dialog: I know who you are thinking about. But
dialog: he's different.
dialog: 42
dialog: 48.
dialog: 49.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXT. DRESDEN STREETS - DAY
text: Kurt is now 19 years old, a man, though since he is so
text: slim and agile, he still has a boyish air. He is walking
text: through a typical ruined street in the inner city of
text: Dresden to his workplace, carrying a worker’s satchel.
text: All around him the "rubble women" are hard at work
text: clearing up the ruins from the war.
speaker_heading: INSERT TITLE: 1951
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN - SIGN WORKSHOP - STAIRS - DAY
text: Kurt races up the stairs of the building, slowing down at
text: the second flight because the stairs are being cleaned:
text: it's a hard job, involving a cloth and a bucket of water,
dialog: and now we see that one of the two people doing this work
text: is Kurt's father Johann. Kurt greets him briefly; this
text: daily encounter may be a routine, but it is still
text: uncomfortable for them both.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN - SIGN WORKSHOP - STUDIO - DAY
text: Kurt is working at a long table, painting with incredible
text: dexterity the words of a large banner: "The German
text: Democratic Republic - Savior of Peace". On an adjoining
text: table there is another banner: "Learning from the Soviet
dialog: Union means Learning Victory." And: "Always Remember at
dialog: Work: Your Aim is Achvieving the Five-Year Plan." Each of
text: the letters is a meter high. Kurt, a burning cigarette
text: between his lips, paints the letters freehand, while the
text: others all use stencils.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PAINTER
dialog: Why do you do it that way? So you can
dialog: feel better than the rest of us?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: YOUNG PAINTER
dialog: The work. Like that.
dialog: (indicating the banners)
dialog: Drawing freehand while we have to sweat
dialog: away with stencils. Are you showing off?
dialog: Why do you do it?
dialog: 43
dialog: 51.
text: Kurt gazes at his colleague, his expression puzzled and
dialog: blank.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I do it because I can.
text: He bends over the banner again.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN - SIGN WORKSHOP - EVENING
text: The others have gone. Figuring that he is now alone, Kurt
text: puts away his brush with red paint, picks up a stick of
text: charcoal and starts working on his own drawings, which
dialog: have a Cubist/expressionist style.
text: But the foreman is watching and now switches on the light
text: in the room. Kurt quickly shoves the drawings out of
text: sight under the sign and picks up a paintbrush. A small
text: glass of paint tips over and spills onto the letters.
text: Kurt quickly blots it off and finishes one of the
text: letters. The foreman comes over to him.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: You can take the materials home with you
dialog: if you want, as long as you bring them
dialog: back the next day.
text: Kurt remains silent.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Next month there are applications for the
dialog: Academy of Art.
text: Kurt suspects this may be a trap.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (cautiously)
dialog: I'm content with this work.
text: The foreman lifts up one end of the banner and pulls out
text: the drawings; Kurt realizes there's no point trying to
dialog: disown them.
text: One of the sketches is a skull in the style of Picasso.
text: Then three more skulls in Beckmann style. An erotic
text: charcoal drawing that looks like something by Kokoschka,
text: but next to it we see the contorted, broken body of a
text: man. A third sheet of paper, looking like a blend of
text: Odilon Redon and Kubin, shows a scary human face, hardly
text: recognizable, with the body of an animal.
dialog: 44
dialog: 52.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (really annoyed)
dialog: What's the idea? Does this help the
dialog: working man? Give your father more
dialog: strength when he's cleaning the stairs?
dialog: You do want to help him, don't you?
dialog: Didn't you even arrange for him to get
dialog: the job.
text: Kurt has no idea whether he is going to be dismissed now,
dialog: punished in some other way, or what.
text: The foreman studies the drawings. He's still annoyed, but
text: he looks at them with the kind of intensity that any
text: artist hopes to provoke. His expression softens.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You've been through a lot of shit,
dialog: haven't you?
text: It is more of a statement than a question.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: But do you really think it helps to
dialog: wallow in it? Do you think that helps
dialog: create a world where your children will
dialog: have better lives than you? That's what
dialog: communism is all about.
text: He looks at the drawings a moment longer.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll support your application.
dialog: Before Kurt can respond:
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (CONT'D)
text: The girls at the Academy are prettier
dialog: than here.
scene_heading: EXT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART - DAY
text: The foreman wasn't exaggerating. The young women walking
text: up the outside steps of the Lipsius building, which is
text: still magnificent despite the visible effects of the
dialog: bombing, are as beautiful as could be.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART - LECTURE THEATER - DAY
dialog: 45
text: The fine lecture theater is in darkness, although in a
dialog: few places it hasn't been possible to repair the bomb
text: damage, and here the sun streams through in large beams
text: of light which are clearly visible in the cloud of
text: cigarette smoke that fills the room. The lecture theater
text: is packed with students, all happy to be here. A gaunt
text: Professor, HORST GRIMMA, a painter about 60 years old
text: with a friendly, open face, is lecturing with great
text: commitment and warmth. He picks up a new photograph
text: (showing a painting of a group of surveyors at work in
text: the countryside) and places it on the surface of an old
text: episcope. He projects the image on the screen next to the
text: blackboard, where two words have been written: Socialist
dialog: Realism.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA
dialog: Can you see that here somebody has
dialog: abandoned all vanity and devoted himself
dialog: entirely to the service of the cause? The
dialog: service of the people?
text: He allows the image to have its effect on them.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Naturally we do not ask from you the
dialog: coarse, naturalist "aesthetic" of
text: fascism, which replaces art by kitsch in
dialog: the most bourgeois fashion.
text: Now he shows reproductions of fascist works of art by
text: Arno Breker, Josef Thorak and Willy Kriegel.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: And naturally we do not want mechanical,
dialog: photographic-style copies in naturalist
dialog: mode. What we require from you, what we
dialog: need from you, is a creative, analytical,
text: realist style that arises from the union
dialog: of reality itself and your artistic
dialog: 
dialog: relationship to it. Work on your
dialog: attitude, on your craft - and the right
dialog: art will come out of you of its own
dialog: accord.
text: He changes the image again.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Naturally we are well able to
dialog: differentiate between a Salvador Dali,
dialog: this supporter of Hitler and Franco who
text: elevates schizophrenia and paranoia to a
dialog: higher level of existence...
dialog: 46
text: He depicts postcards from the West showing Dali's dream
text: pictures: burning giraffes, the skin of a face on stilts,
text: William Tell’s gigantic phallus growing out of his
text: backside.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: and a passionate anti-fascist like
dialog: Pablo Picasso, who created powerfully
text: realistic pictures demonstrating a
dialog: genuine solidarity with the working
dialog: classes...
text: He now shows some of Picasso's earlier works: the
text: barefoot girl, the poor old man in the chair - but then
text: he adds the Blind Man’s Meal and the Beggar with Child
dialog: from Picasso's Blue Period.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: although he very soon slipped into a
dialog: decadent, obscene formalism. Why? Because
dialog: he wanted to be considered an innovator,
dialog: not a traditionalist.
text: Now he shows a series of Picasso pictures where color and
text: form dissolve: breasts and tongues on the beach, female
text: figures melting away.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Innovation, creative independence,
dialog: artistic freedom - words that initially
text: sound extremely attractive to an artist.
dialog: "Me, me, me." But a modern artist can
dialog: only achieve real freedom if he serves
dialog: the interests of the people. The "me, me,
dialog: me" stance leads to misery.
text: Professor Grimma looks up to see whether this point has
dialog: been accepted and understood.
text: He is extremely serious about everything he says.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: At best it will lead to being subsidized
dialog: by decadent, wealthy "collectors",
dialog: exploiters of the working man who delight
dialog: in maintaining that they have nothing in
dialog: common with the people, not even the same
dialog: taste in art, and for whom art can
dialog: therefore never be perverse and absurd
dialog: enough.
dialog: 47
dialog: 54.
text: The professor seems passionate about this.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, there are fashionable theories which
dialog: claim that the condition of mental
dialog: sickness is in a sense a higher state, so
dialog: schizophrenics and paranoics can achieve
dialog: spiritual heights within their madness
dialog: that are not accessible to ordinary
dialog: people.
text: He shows some particularly "sick" paintings: nightmare
text: landscapes made flesh in the works of Max Ernst, early
text: works by Francis Bacon with their own shrill power.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: But these theories did not develop by
dialog: chance. They are characteristic of an
dialog: epoch of decadence, of the dis-
dialog: integration of civil culture: decay,
text: mysticism and pornography. Empty forms,
dialog: artificial constructions, squares, lines,
dialog: circles, globes and dice. All that, just
dialog: in order to be considered an "innovator"?
dialog: Yes, it's innovative, it's new. But it's
dialog: also wrong. And vain. And stupid.
dialog: Undemocratic. Decadent. Don't be like
dialog: that. Be different. Be different.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART - STUDENTS’ STUDIO - DAY
text: Several students are working at their easels on pictures
text: of the scene that has been set up in front of them, a
text: muscular working man is leaning on a heavy hammer.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Would you please turn this way in profile
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: WORKER MODEL
dialog: (in a high voice and heavy Saxon accent)
dialog: Where? Who said that?
text: The students laugh: the man’s voice is completely at odds
text: with the scene. An entirely different student replies.
speaker_heading: STUDENT #2
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: WORKER MODEL
dialog: 48
dialog: 55.
dialog: (getting upset)
dialog: Oh, I almost think you're doing this
dialog: deliberately to make me cross!
text: The students laugh even more, and the worker storms off.
text: Kurt has made more progress with his picture than the
dialog: others. He has understood what is required and has
text: transformed the man's everyday shirt into a mint-grey
text: East German workers’ blouse, inventing a factory
text: landscape in the background and giving the man a proud,
text: masculine expression.
text: The worker comes back with Professor Grimma, having
dialog: complained. Although the professor doesn't take him
text: entirely seriously either, he's still annoyed that his
text: students' jokes are interrupting the work.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA
dialog: Is this a kindergarten or what?!
text: The professor walks around, looking at the students’
text: efforts and becoming increasingly irritated.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, I'm beginning to think it is...
dialog: The pictures really aren't anything special, awkward
text: first-year attempts. But when he comes to Kurt's easel he
text: stops. Pleased, he beckons the worker, who comes over and
text: studies the picture of himself.
speaker_heading: WORKER MODEL
dialog: (in his falsetto)
dialog: Yes, I think you have captured the
dialog: essential me.
text: Now not even the professor can hold back a laugh.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART - STUDENTS’ STUDIO - NOON
text: The model has left, and the last of the students are
text: going to lunch. The only two left are Kurt and MAX, the
text: student sitting next to him, an athletic, slim young man
text: with smooth black hair. Max has produced a mediocre copy
text: of Kurt's ideas with a very similar factory landscape.
text: Now Max also gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (to Kurt)
dialog: You coming?
dialog: 49
text: Kurt is so engrossed in his work that he doesn't reply.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (annoyed, impatient)
dialog: Can I at least have my cap back, then?
text: Kurt hands it to him: he has painted Max’s Lenin-style
text: cap to cover the head of the worker in his picture, thus
text: creating a perfect example of socialist realism.
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: What more do you want? Yes, your
dialog: picture’s best.
text: But Kurt is apparently still not content with it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Man shall not live from bread alone, you
dialog: know?
text: Kurt smiles but refuses to be distracted.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: ...but from ever pretty girl he might
dialog: meet in the canteen, right?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I'll be along soon.
text: But Max seems to know Kurt won't bother coming, so he
text: turns and walks off. After a moment another student
text: sticks his head round the door and triumphantly holds up
text: two Faber Castell pencils, calling to Kurt.
speaker_heading: STUDENT #4
text: A girl in the Fashion Department is
dialog: giving away Western pencils!
scene_heading: 56. INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART - CORRIDORS AND STAIRS -
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS
text: This, Kurt doesn't need to be told twice. He runs out and
text: along the corridor, and then with astounding agility
text: races up the outside edge of the staircase and reaches
text: the upper floor before the crowd.
dialog: 50
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART - FASHION DEPARTMENT -
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS
text: Sewing machines, sewing tables, rolls of material,
text: dressmakers’ dummies wearing extravagant outfits. It all
text: makes a powerful contrast to the neo-Baroque ruins that
dialog: house the Fashion Department.
text: An excited little group has gathered around one of the
text: sewing tables. Kurt joins them. Max is slightly in front
text: of him. He turns and grins at Kurt. Kurt catches a
text: glimpse of the girl, sitting regally at her sewing table,
text: smoking, a large box of pencils at her elbow. She is
text: handing them out with a gentle smile. Suddenly, through
text: the crowd, their eyes meet. It is a trance-like moment.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Elisabeth! Me too, please!
text: The sound of this name causes Kurt to snap out of his
text: trance. She turns to the student who called out. Suddenly
text: Max leans over and whispers in Kurt's ear.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (determined)
dialog: Don't even bother trying. She's mine.
dialog: Watch and learn how it's done!
text: Ignoring this, Kurt picks up from a nearby table a sheet
text: of paper with a clothes pattern and starts folding it.
text: Max has reached Elisabeth, but suddenly finds himself
text: intimidated by the beautiful girl. She picks up the last
text: of the pencils and looks at the labels.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: (reading the labels)
dialog: F, 2B or 4B?
text: When Max doesn't reply she looks up.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: 2B, thanks. But what I'd like even more
dialog: than a pencil is...
text: Elisabeth has already turned to the next student.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: F or 4B?
dialog: 51
text: Max steps aside and sneaks a glance at Kurt, hoping his
text: friend hasn't seen the way he was rejected. But Kurt has.
text: Max walks off.
text: The small crowd disperses. Only Kurt is left.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Your name is Elisabeth?
text: She nods, smiling at his serious expression as he asks.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: Do you want one? There's only 4B left.
text: She holds out a shining green Faber Castell pencil.
text: Suddenly he sticks out his tongue. There is a razor blade
text: on it. He takes it between his fingers and, with
text: considerable dexterity, cuts four notches in a kind of
text: open box that he has produced at great speed by folding
text: the clothes pattern. It suddenly becomes apparent that he
dialog: has created a perfect origami ashtray for four
dialog: cigarettes.
text: He takes the pencil and presents her with the ashtray in
text: exchange. Then he pretends to swallow the razor blade
text: again. When she laughs he puts it back with the other
text: razor blades on her table.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: A golden pheasant like you shouldn't use
text: a normal ashtray.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: Golden pheasant? I can't let you get away
dialog: with that.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I completely agree. A walk? In the park?
text: She looks bewildered.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: So I can correct my misapprehension?
scene_heading: 58. EXT. DRESDEN - PARK - DAY
text: They are walking along side by side in silence. Sometimes
text: he looks over at her. Elisabeth is increasingly surprised
text: that he doesn't utter a word.
dialog: 52
text: They come past a large building in ruins with a banner
text: hanging on it, proclaiming in large letters: "Learning
dialog: from the Soviet Union means Learning Victory". We see
text: from a place where some paint was spilt onto it that it
dialog: is the very banner Kurt painted himself. But he doesn't
dialog: say anything.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: I thought you wanted to talk to me.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I wanted to go for a walk with you.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: Very well, then I'll make conversation.
text: He gestures to indicate that she should proceed.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Socialist realism... is that really your
dialog: kind of art?
text: He considers this for a moment.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Probably about as much as Lotte
dialog: Ulbricht's is your kind of fashion.
text: He is still gazing steadily at her.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: Why do you keep looking at me like that?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: You remind me of someone.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: Would you like to paint me?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I don't know. Would you like to make a
dialog: suit for me?
text: She laughs. However, it isn't entirely clear whether he
dialog: was joking.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: I have to get home.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: May I accompany you? Just to the door?
dialog: 53
dialog: 59.
text: They walk through the ruins of Dresden until they come to
text: an area of large villas and stop in front of a
text: spectacular building from the late 19th century, Wiener
dialog: Strasse 91.
scene_heading: EXT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - CONTINUOUS
text: There is a wooden sign at the door: Gret Palucca Dance
text: School. Through the large windows we see couples dancing,
text: and we hear jaunty music.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: You're taking dance lessons?
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I live here. The house belongs to us.
text: Kurt looks up admiringly at the magnificent building.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Well, you haven't really proven me wrong
dialog: about the golden pheasant thing.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: We were just lucky: the house wasn't even
dialog: hit once. Before the war the whole street
dialog: looked like this.
text: They both look at the ruins which the majority of the
text: buildings around them have been reduced to. She looks at
text: him again. He gazes back steadily. It is a moment of
text: silence that neither of them finds uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: You have such confidence. Certainty.
dialog: Almost as if you knew something.
text: He gazes at her, shaking his head modestly, smiling
dialog: slightly.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Goodbye, Kurt.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Goodbye...
text: He falters. Thinking he has forgotten her name, she
text: responds with an indignant laugh.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: 54
dialog: 60.
dialog: Elisabeth!
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Could I call you something else? Maybe
dialog: you have a nickname?
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: Everybody calls me Elisabeth, really...
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: "Really" always means precisely the
dialog: opposite is true.
speaker_heading: ELISABETH
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Alright. My father calls me Ellie.
dialog: He likes the name.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Goodbye, Ellie.
text: Ellie walks through the gate into the garden, closes it
text: behind her and turns back. He is standing there
text: motionless, gazing at her.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Elisabeth.
scene_heading: INT. MAY FAMILY HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Kurt is sitting a the kitchen table, working on a drawing
text: of Ellie in which she is smoking, looking seductively
text: glamorous. He is also smoking, though with him it makes
text: him look more like a proletarian. Next to him there is
text: also a new sketch of the Seeband Villa in Wiener Strasse.
text: The house also seems to have impressed him.
text: His desk is very tidy. On an adjoining table we see a
text: small collection of pictures that Kurt has cut out of
dialog: newspapers, including one of the British Lancaster
text: bombers, and one of a group of nurses that looks very
text: similar to those in the sanatorium all those years ago.
dialog: Alongside this are several works of literature bound in
text: beige, with gold titles.
text: Suddenly we hear a woman scream loudly. Then again.
dialog: 55
dialog: 61.
text: Kurt leaps up and runs out, following the sound of the
text: next scream and racing up the stairs to the attic. He
text: pushes aside sheets and shirts that have been hung up
text: here to dry, which are blocking his view. Finally he
text: finds his mother standing in front of a laundry basket,
text: and then he sees the body of his father hanging from a
text: beam by a rope. Once again, his eyes blur the image.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART -— STUDENTS’ STUDIO - DAY
text: Kurt enters. Everybody turns to look at him. He walks
text: over to his chair and sits in front of his easel. Max
text: squeezes his shoulder. The professor approaches.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA
dialog: You could have taken off a few days more,
dialog: Kurt.
text: Kurt shakes his head, picks up his brush and starts
text: mixing the paint. He looks over at the worker who is
text: again standing in front of them as a model. Kurt starts
dialog: painting.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: - Kurt works on the painting through lunch.
text: - Kurt gazes at the models with his steel-grey eyes.
dialog: - As well as the male worker there is also a woman...
text: looking less than dignified as she picks her nose.
text: - Kurt peers critically at his painting.
text: - Kurt paints over the face of the woman.
text: - Kurt working into the night on his painting.
text: - Professor Grimma comes round, looking at the
text: students’ efforts. When he reaches Kurt he has to
text: fight back his emotions and pats his young student
text: on the shoulder appreciatively.
dialog: - Close-up: Kurt has given the proud working woman,
text: visible in profile next to the male, the face of
text: Ellie. Her face is at precisely the angle that
text: Ellie’s face was when he first saw her and sketched
dialog: her. Even when he was looking at her, he had always
dialog: been thinking of the completion of his painting...
speaker_heading: END OF MONTAGE
speaker_heading: ELLIE (0.C.)
dialog: A golden pheasant as a proletarian?
text: Kurt turns round.
dialog: 56
dialog: 62.
text: Her expression indicates that she has heard what
text: happened. She has in her hands a suit and shirt which she
text: holds up to him.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You are now my seminar project.
text: He smiles and starts to get undressed, gazing steadily at
text: her as he unfastens his belt, takes off his pants,
text: unbuttons his shirt... until he is wearing only
text: underpants. His body is muscular, youthful, without much
dialog: hair. But if he hoped to disconcert Ellie, he hasn't
text: succeeded: she gazes at him closely, a sensation he
text: enjoys. He puts on the shirt and suit. It fits perfectly
dialog: and looks very good. The material is coarse and natural,
text: cut wide: suddenly he looks like a important artist. He
text: catches a glimpse of himself in a mirror.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I'll never take it off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ELLIE’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The suit is on the floor next to Ellie’s clothes in her
text: large, old-fashioned room on the third floor of the
text: villa. They are lying on her bed, naked, kissing
text: tenderly, gently. He gazes at her.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: It's far too easy to love you. You're so
text: beautiful, it’s almost unromantic.
text: She laughs a little and hits him playfully with a pillow.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you love me?
text: She stops, taken aback by the question.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you love me? Otherwise... It doesn't
dialog: work... with me.
text: She doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: Otherwise it doesn't work.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I love you.
dialog: 57
text: He becomes more passionate and aroused.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (very openly)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Yes.
text: Now he can let himself go.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you! Really, I love you.
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ELLIE’S ROOM - NIGHT (SEVERAL
speaker_heading: HOURS LATER)
text: They are lying in bed. The two young bodies are only lit
text: by the moonlight and the flame of a candle. Kurt strokes
text: Ellie’s back. She seems calm, relaxed, as we have not
dialog: seen her before.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Will you still be able to look me in the
dialog: eye tomorrow?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: What do you mean by that?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: When we see each other tomorrow,
text: completely normal, fully dressed, in the
dialog: Academy, with the teachers...
dialog: (correcting herself with a laugh)
text: Professors! With the other students in
dialog: the canteen... Will you look at me in
dialog: exactly the same way?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (tenderly, serious, meaningful)
dialog: No.
text: She smiles.
text: Suddenly the room is filled by the light from a car
text: headlight. She freezes and listens. We hear voices. A
text: door is OPENED. We hear the CRUNCH of gravel. Ellie sits
text: up straight.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: My parents!
dialog: 58
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I thought they lived in Chemnitz?
text: She leaps over to the window, peers out cautiously: down
text: below we see the figures of three adults, two women and a
text: man, who have emerged from a car and are approaching the
text: front door.
text: She looks round. There is no key in the door, and there's
dialog: no closet or any place where Kurt could hide.
text: INTERCUT: close-up of highly polished men's shoes coming
text: up the stairs.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: My father!
dialog: (going pale)
dialog: My God, what shall we do?
text: Kurt gives her a look as if to say: "We'll just have to
dialog: let this play out". But her expression is one of such
text: despair that he now opens the window, climbs onto the
text: ledge and jumps out - still completely naked - towards
text: the fir tree which is a good three meters away.
text: After her initial shock Ellie looks round the room and
text: sees his suit; she sweeps it up with a quick gesture,
text: flings it out of the window, leaps into bed, pulls up the
text: sheet and pretends to be asleep.
text: A second later the door opens to admit... Carl Seeband. A
text: little older but just as controlled and precise as ever.
text: He sees Ellie lying there, looks over at the open window,
text: comes into the room and closes it. He crosses to gaze
text: down at Ellie for a moment, leans forward as if to kiss
text: her - but merely blows out the candle. Then he walks out
dialog: of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - FIR TREE/ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kurt is climbing down the tree, still about 6 meters from
dialog: the ground.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: Good night, Frau Hellthaler.
text: At the same time FRAU SEEBAND, an elegant, attractive
text: blonde in her mid-40s, comes back out of the house to
text: pick up two bags she left by the front door. She sees the
dialog: 59
dialog: 65.
dialog: 66.
dialog: 67.
text: stray clothes lying on the ground, frowns in surprise and
text: picks up the pants. Then she looks up at the tree in
text: front of her, branches trembling suspiciously.
scene_heading: EXT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - FIR TREE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kurt has reached the lowest branch and now jumps to the
text: ground, rolling over and getting to his feet, a manoeuver
text: which brings him face to face with Frau Seeband. He is
text: stark naked, while she is very dressed in a Dior-style
text: suit with a fur collar and hat. She gazes at him in
text: surprise, curious, the suggestion of a wry smile on her
dialog: face.
dialog: 
text: By now she has picked up all the clothes, including his
text: socks and underpants, and hands them to him without a
text: word. He takes them, also without speaking, gazes at her
text: for a moment longer than strictly necessary and then runs
text: off. Frau Seeband picks up the bags and goes back into
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: As Frau Seeband walks back into the house her husband is
text: coming down the stairs. She gives no indication of what
dialog: has happened.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: Elisabeth?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
text: Sound asleep. She left a candle burning;
dialog: when is she finally going to grow up?!
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: Yes, young people...
text: It sounds more wistful than disapproving.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART - CANTEEN - DAY
text: Kurt is having lunch with friends. Suddenly Ellie
text: appears, wearing tight pants and a soft, light-blue
text: pullover which emphasizes her figure. Kurt looks up at
text: her and blushes. Ellie attempts to downplay her
text: uncertainty by appearing confident, but the others assess
text: the situation correctly, get to their feet and leave
dialog: 60
text: making various excuses. Ellie sits down, determined not
text: to allow any awkwardness between her and Kurt to develop.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Thanks for risking your life to preserve
dialog: my reputation. But don't ever do anything
dialog: that reckless again.
text: Kurt attempts a reckless smile, but he has to express
text: what is worrying him.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Did your parents...?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
text: They didn't notice a thing. Not a thing.
text: Kurt is surprised to hear that her mother said nothing.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: They’ re moving back to Dresden. My father
text: is getting his old job back, as hospital
dialog: director. But he has to rent out two of
dialog: the rooms in our house. Otherwise he'll
dialog: get into trouble with the Residence
dialog: Allocation Office. He’s going to put up a
dialog: sign tomorrow.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: But the dance school is there?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: That's only the first floor. We have
dialog: seven bedrooms upstairs. For me, my
text: parents and Papa’s "secretary".
text: There is a scornful undertone as she says this last word.
text: She gazes steadily into Kurt's eyes.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you perhaps like to be the first to
dialog: discover that sign tomorrow, quite by
dialog: chance?
text: There are large trees outside the big windows, and the
text: powerful sunshine projects the shape of leaves
text: alternating with areas of bright light over her face and
text: body. It's like a painting. Kurt can do nothing but stare
text: at her.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: 61
dialog: I mean, they couldn't really hold it
dialog: against me if I fall in love with a
dialog: tenant they themselves have chosen.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: But... your mother? Don't you think she
dialog: might sense something?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Oh, Mama! She's such an innocent. You
dialog: don't have to worry about her. She won't
dialog: suspect a thing. Really, not a thing.
dialog: From her intonation we gather there may be something that
dialog: her mother ought to suspect about Seeband.
scene_heading: 68. EXT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - DAY
text: Seeband’s secretary, FRAU HELLTHALER, opens the door.
speaker_heading: FRAU HELLTHALER
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I've come about the sign. Is the room
dialog: still to rent?
speaker_heading: FRAU HELLTHALER
dialog: We put the sign up a quarter of an hour
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Is that a yes?
text: She beckons him inside and indicates a chair where he
dialog: should sit.
scene_heading: 69. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ENTRANCE HALL - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: FRAU HELLTHALER
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Frau Seeband. Somebody has come about the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: (calls back)
dialog: That was quick.
dialog: 62
text: She comes down the stairs looking very elegant: it's
text: obvious where Ellie got her fashion sense. Kurt gets to
text: his feet almost reluctantly, hardly daring to meet her
text: eye. She slows down briefly when she recognizes him but
text: then walks on.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: That really was quick.
text: She extends her hand, and he shakes it is shyly as a
dialog: schoolboy.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (murmurs awkwardly)
dialog: Kurt Barnert.
text: She gazes at him with interest. Frau Hellthaler is still
text: standing next to them.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: What is your profession?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I'm a student.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: Fashion.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Painting.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: Painting...
text: Her intonation is almost dreamy, and so gentle that he
text: finally looks up.
text: We hear a door being opened upstairs, and then a man's
text: footsteps walking toward the stairs.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (0.S.)
dialog: (from above, authoritatively
dialog: Frau Hellthaler. Come up here, would you?
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
text: (calls up, still gazing at Kurt)
dialog: Carl, there's a tenant for one of the
dialog: rooms. Do come down for a moment.
text: Seeband comes down the stairs, his every movement
text: precise, wearing reading glasses and holding an open
text: file. He gazes at Kurt. Kurt looks straight back at him.
dialog: 63
text: Seeband’s POV: Kurt's face, the lower lip twitching very
dialog: slightly.
text: Kurt's POV: Seeband narrows his eyes in professional
dialog: scrutiny.
text: When Seeband has reached the bottom of the stairs he
text: crosses to Kurt and stands directly facing him.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: You have facialis.
text: Kurt doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Facialisparese - partial facial paralysis.
text: (pointing to his mouth with one finger)
dialog: The hanging corner of the mouth. Did you
dialog: have an accident at some point, or
dialog: borreliosis?
text: Kurt tries hard to straighten the corner of his mouth.
text: Frau Seeband takes the file from her husband and passes
dialog: it to Frau Hellthaler.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: (to Frau Hellthaler)
dialog: Would you be so kind and take this up to
dialog: the office? Then my husband can have a
dialog: few words with... the tenant.
text: Frau Hellthaler complies.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Kurt)
dialog: My husband is a doctor; it is his
dialog: passion. That means occasionally one gets
dialog: a free diagnosis.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: You should have that examined. Cortisone
dialog: can help. Failing that - surgery.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: (to her husband)
dialog: Kurt comes with the best recommendations.
dialog: (Kurt looks astonished)
dialog: We have already agreed on the rent. But
dialog: of course it's your decision whether he
dialog: gets the room or not.
text: Seeband gazes at Kurt: he doesn't like the way the young
text: man looks straight at him.
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Kurt wants to be a painter.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I am a painter.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
text: The facade of the house is starting to
dialog: peel. Perhaps we could set that off
dialog: against the rent.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I'm not that kind of painter.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Then what kind are you?
speaker_heading: KURT
text: A painter of pictures.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Socialist realism?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Is there any other kind?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: I hope not.
text: Frau Seeband gives her husband a gentle, imploring look:
text: this is the only way she can mollify him.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: You can have the room anyway.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Thank you, Herr Seeband.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Professor Seeband.
scene_heading: 70. jQ.INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ELLIE’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Two burning candles and two glasses of wine next to the
text: bed. Silent, passionate sex. Ellie is on top, and when a
text: slight sound emerges from Kurt’s lips she places her hand
text: over his mouth. He laughs. She holds his mouth closed
text: more tightly, and this becomes part of their love-play.
text: They roll around on the bed, laughing silently.
dialog: 65
dialog: 71.
dialog: 72.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - FRAU HELLTHALER’S ROOM -
speaker_heading: SIMULTANEOUS
text: TOP VIEW: we see the muscular back of a man during sexual
text: intercourse. Also silent. THE CAMERA MOVES BACKWARDS AND
text: TO ONE SIDE. Now we recognize that it is Carl Seeband’s
text: back, and underneath him is Frau Hellthaler. As he
text: penetrates her she gazes at him with an expression that
text: blends devotion, arousal and despair.
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - STAIRS/CORRIDORS - NIGHT
text: Kurt creeps down the stairs, clutching his shoes, and
text: then along the corridor. He hardly makes a sound. Just as
text: he very cautiously pushes down the door handle of his
text: room, the door of the room opposite opens - and Seeband
text: comes out, Frau Hellthaler in the background, naked.
text: Everything is revealed to Kurt. Seeband keeps himself
text: completely under control and retains the upper hand.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: What are you doing up so late?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I... I’ve been out.
text: Seeband sniffs briefly.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Alcohol? Hardly conducive to good work.
dialog: You should get to bed.
text: Seeband closes the door and strides up the stairs without
text: looking back. After a moment Kurt enters his room, as
dialog: planned.
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - PARENTS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Frau Seeband is lying in the double bed, eyes wide open,
text: facing away from the door. Her expression is one of
text: sadness, but it also reveals her love for Seeband. He
text: knows she is awake.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: I don't like that Kurt. We must make sure
text: Ellie doesn't get too friendly with him.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: (motionless)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: So she can marry well, of course.
dialog: (amiably)
dialog: Just as you married well.
text: He lies down on the bed next to her, placing one hand on
text: her side. After a moment's hesitation she places her hand
text: on his; despite everything she is grateful for this small
text: indication of affection.
scene_heading: 74. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - KURT’S ROOM - DAY
text: Bright sunshine penetrates at the window. Kurt enters his
text: room and finds Seeband there, gazing quite openly at his
dialog: pictures.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Professor Seeband, about yesterday; of
dialog: course I would never..
dialog: But Seeband doesn't want to hear this, retaining the
dialog: upper hand as always.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: You have a new subject. Me. For the
dialog: directors’ gallery.
dialog: (indicates a sketched portrait of Lenin)
dialog: That style, more or less. We start
dialog: tomorrow at four in the afternoon. In my
text: office at the hospital.
text: He strides out of the room.
scene_heading: 75. INT. DRESDEN GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL - SEEBAND’S OFFICE —
dialog: four in the afternoon
text: Seeband’s secretary shows Kurt into his office. Kurt is
text: carrying his easel and a primed canvas. The radio is on.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: The Professor will be here in a minute.
dialog: You may take a seat.
text: She walks out.
dialog: 67
dialog: Seeband’s office seven years after we last saw it. The
text: desk is still in the same place. Everything else has been
text: refurbished in the style of a 1950s executive office.
text: There is a wood-paneled Mende radio on a corner table.
text: Kurt walks round the room, gazing at the chair and the
text: walls with such intensity, it is almost as though he
dialog: senses something.
text: Seeband enters.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: I thought you could set up your easel
dialog: here.
dialog: Seeband has arranged everything: the perfect background
text: with a bay window and several medical diagrams.
text: Kurt sets everything up as required. Seeband asks Kurt to
text: turn up the radio: a news bulletin.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: (with conviction)
dialog: Since the people of the German Democratic
dialog: Republic unanimously desire peace and the
dialog: unification of Germany, Prime Minister
dialog: Grotewohl has presented the government of
dialog: West Germany in Bonn with proposals for
dialog: free elections throughout the whole of
dialog: Germany. These proposals were rejected by
dialog: the Western powers and the Adenauer
dialog: government, in line with their war
dialog: policy.
text: Seeband adopts a practiced pose, his hands casually in
text: his jacket pockets. He knows it makes him look
text: attractive, wise, understanding and relaxed. The perfect
dialog: doctor, hospital director and man. And he maintains this
text: pose without moving in the slightest. Kurt first sketches
text: his outline on the canvas in charcoal.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANNOUNCER (V.O. CONT’D)
dialog: As a further consequence of this war
dialog: policy, the government in Bonn and the
dialog: western occupying powers have introduced
dialog: strict border and customs controls at the
dialog: demarcation line, in order to emphasize
dialog: the separation of the Western German
dialog: region from the German Democratic
dialog: Republic and thus deepen the division of
dialog: Germany.
dialog: 68
dialog: 76.
text: By now we can see clearly that Kurt has accurately
text: captured on the canvas Seeband’s pose.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANNOUNCER (V.O. CONT’D)
dialog: The lack of any corresponding protection
text: at the borders of the German Democratic
dialog: Republic has been exploited by the
dialog: Western powers in order to infiltrate
dialog: increasing numbers of spies, terrorists
dialog: and smugglers into our country. Up to now
dialog: these individuals have been able to
dialog: return without any obstacle across the
dialog: demarcation line to West Germany after
dialog: performing their criminal activities.
text: Kurt begins to apply paint to the canvas.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANNOUNCER (V.O. CONT’D)
dialog: Consequently we are obliged to take
dialog: measures in order to defend the peaceful
dialog: interests of the German Democratic
dialog: Republic. The Ministry of State Security
dialog: has been given the task of implementing
dialog: these measures.
text: After an hour Seeband glances at the clock, gets to his
text: feet and crosses to look at the canvas Kurt is working
text: on. He switches off the radio.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: That's pretty much what I had in mind.
dialog: Very good. We will continue tomorrow at
dialog: four o'clock. Three sessions should be
dialog: enough?
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ELLIE’S ROOM
text: Ellie is lying in bed, naked, half under the sheets. She
text: stretches seductively. Kurt is sitting on her sofa,
text: looking through the family photograph album.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Why are you looking at those terrible
dialog: pictures? I look awful in them. Come over
dialog: here.
text: But Kurt ignores her. He is looking at a photograph of
text: Seeband at the beach, leaning forward, his arms around
text: his wife and Ellie, who are in front of him.
dialog: 69
text: CLOSE-UP: Seeband’s face in the photograph.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (V.O. CONT'D)
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: You aren’t looking at me at all...
text: She has come over to him and is looking over his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Why does even the most idiotic amateur
dialog: snapshot have more reality than my
dialog: painting?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Papa likes it.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: That's exactly the point. Hardly anybody
dialog: likes a photograph of himself. Everybody
dialog: is supposed to like a painting. The
dialog: photograph must be truer.
text: Kurt looks further through the album: photographs of
text: Seeband with the staff of the clinic.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Why did your father go to work in
dialog: Chemnitz anyway? He was hospital director
dialog: here before.
text: Ellie seems reluctant to reply. Kurt waits it out.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: He doesn't want us to talk about it...
text: Kurt waits.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: During the war Papa treated the wives of
dialog: Goring and Goebbels...
text: REACTION from Kurt.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: simply because he's the best
dialog: gynecologist... They came 200 km from
dialog: Berlin, as if nobody there was capable of
dialog: doing a smear test... Just imagine!
dialog: Anyway, as a reward they made him an
dialog: honorary member of the SS. He couldn’t
dialog: 70
dialog: 77.
dialog: refuse. But of course after the war it
dialog: was hard to explain to the Russians that
dialog: he didn’t have anything to do with the
text: Nazis otherwise. They combed through all
dialog: the archives but couldn’t find anything
dialog: against him.
text: Kurt looks at the picture again. Maybe he really was
dialog: reading something into it which didn’t exist. But he
text: still can’t respond to Ellie’s caresses.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Today the Professor called me a Willi
dialog: Sitte type artist.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: But that’s good. I mean, he’s successful.
speaker_heading: KURT
text: (scornfully, almost to himself
dialog: Willi Sitte type... I think I have to get
dialog: out of here.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Out of where?
dialog: But she knows exactly what he means.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re not serious... But things are
dialog: going so well for us here... I could
dialog: never leave Mama.
text: Kurt gazes ahead thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You were just saying that, weren’t you?
text: She takes his silence as agreement and kisses him. Now he
text: returns the kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART - DAY
speaker_heading: INSERT TITLE: 1956
text: Professor Grimma intercepts Kurt at the entrance to the
dialog: Academy of Art.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: 71
dialog: 78.
dialog: Your diploma work convinced the
dialog: committee. They have selected you to
dialog: paint the mural for the new Museum of
dialog: Hygiene. The theme is “The Joy of Life
dialog: Under Socialism.”
dialog: (friendly, making a confession)
dialog: It's a job I think some professors would
dialog: also have liked.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: A mural?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I'm not a muralist.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA
dialog: Kurt, we both know you can do it.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I'm sorry. That's not for me. That's pure
dialog: decoration.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: You would immediately have guaranteed
dialog: work. Even money.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: It's not me.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR GRIMMA
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Me, me, me.
text: The professor walks off.
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ELLIE’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kurt and Ellie are lying completely motionless, Kurt on
text: top of her, their arms outstretched on both sides. Each
text: part of one body is touching the corresponding part of
text: the other. They are still breathing heavily. Kurt now
text: moves his hands slightly so that each last one of his
text: fingers is precisely on top of hers. She kisses him.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: No, don't move... Please.
dialog: 72
text: She becomes motionless again, her cheek against his.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: This way I can imagine that we are one
dialog: body.
text: For several moments they breathe in unison. Silence.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I'm pregnant.
text: At first Kurt doesn't react at all.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Then you fully belong to me now.
text: She looks at him curiously; this isn't the reaction she
dialog: had been expecting.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: (smiling gravely)
dialog: With me, I mean.
text: She rolls over to one side, kisses him and gazes into his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: We have to tell them. Ellie.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Maybe we should start by telling them
dialog: that we are together. To divide the shock
dialog: into little pieces?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I think your mother might have already
dialog: guessed something...
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: It's not Mama I'm worried about. Papa
dialog: will be devastated. I'll always be 12
text: years old to him.
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - PARENTS’ BEDROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Seeband is lying on the bed, making notes. He is aware
text: that his wife isn’t asleep.
dialog: 73
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: I think Ellie is pregnant.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: For several weeks now the temperature of
text: her hand has been slightly elevated, but
dialog: no cold symptoms. Yesterday she left the
dialog: room twice at dinner, didn't touch her
text: porridge at breakfast, and held onto the
dialog: chair when she got up... The 3*¢ month,
dialog: I'd say. Maybe the 4t,
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: My God, she's still a child herself!
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: The problem isn't her age but the man.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: Who could it be?
text: He gives her a look which says: "Spare me the games".
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Leptosomic, melancholic, heavy smoker,
dialog: facial paralysis, a "painter". This is
dialog: not the genetic material I want for our
dialog: descendants. We must prevent it.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: But how?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: After 30 years as a gynecologist I can
dialog: tell you I have rarely seen a
dialog: relationship survive an abortion.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM FUR HYGIENE —- ENTRANCE HALL - DAY
text: Kurt is standing on high scaffolding, painting the "Joy
text: of Life" mural. He is basing the work on a number of
text: drawings, including one of Ellie in a white bathing suit.
text: He makes her belly slightly extended, as if in pregnancy.
text: Now the real Ellie enters. She is about to call to him
text: but changes her mind at the last minute and instead
dialog: 74
dialog: 81.
text: watches him at work for a while. He is engrossed in his
dialog: work, content.
scene_heading: INT. LUISENHOF RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: An elegant restaurant with thick carpet, livreed waiters
text: and a string quartet. Ellie has even given Kurt a
text: fashionable tie. Seeband is telling a medical anecdote.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
text: The psychotic thinks two and two make
text: five, while the neurotic knows two and
text: two make four - but it worries him.
text: Frau Seeband, Ellie and Kurt laugh politely.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: There’s something we want to tell you...
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: About the Academy of Art? I'm always very
dialog: interested in that.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: No... although... there is news on that
dialog: front, too. You see, Kurt has been given
dialog: the job of painting the mural in the
dialog: Museum for Hygiene.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (to Kurt)
dialog: Painting walls after all?
speaker_heading: KURT
text: It's a fresco with the theme "Joy of
dialog: Life".
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: And on that subject...
text: Seeband has become very still. Neither Kurt nor Ellie
dialog: says anything.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: What is it, my child? Nothing unpleasant
dialog: I hope - my nerves, you know.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: We are... together.
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: You are working on the fresco as well?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: We are a couple. We have been for some
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
text: A couple of students.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
text: A... couple in a loving relationship.
text: Seeband acts as though this devastates him. He looks over
text: to his wife for help, although she looks back at him as
dialog: if to say: "Don't lay it on too thick".
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: And there's something else...
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (interrupts, as if overcome)
dialog: That's really... big... news...
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Yes, and as well as that...
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: My God, I have to take this in first. My
dialog: God... this is really out of the blue...
text: He starts coughing and reaches for a glass of water. It
text: is empty.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (to a waiter)
dialog: Please bring the Professor some water.
dialog: Quickly!
text: Seeband takes a drink of water. Then he looks at the two
text: youngsters with a mild smile.
scene_heading: 82. EXT. DRESDEN STREETS - NIGHT
text: They are walking home, Ellie and her mother in front,
text: Seeband and Kurt slightly behind.
dialog: They have something to talk about.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: 76
dialog: I am pleased you broke the news to us.
dialog: And I'm glad you did so at an early
dialog: stage. You see, there is something you
dialog: should know about Ellie.
text: They walk along in silence for a couple of seconds.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: We don't want to worry Ellie
dialog: unnecessarily, so we have never really
dialog: talked to her about it, but... When she
dialog: was a little girl Ellie had a serious
dialog: infection in the pelvis, which left scar
dialog: tissue in the fallopian tubes = and
dialog: consequently caused considerable cilia
dialog: damage.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Cilia...?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
text: Cilia are the tiny hairs in the mucus of
dialog: the fallopian tubes which transport the
text: fertilized egg to the uterus.
text: Kurt doesn't understand a word of this.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: At present we are looking for a way of
dialog: treating it with surgery. But if she were
dialog: to become pregnant before’ then, the
dialog: chances are extremely high that she would
dialog: experience extra-uterine gravidity - an
text: ectopic pregnancy, with the cell growing
dialog: where the fallopian tube is. And that
dialog: could well lead to extremely dangerous
dialog: internal bleeding.
text: Kurt goes pale.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: I must therefore warn you, though not for
dialog: the same reasons that normally motivate
text: fathers of daughters to warn a young man,
dialog: not to become intimate with her, until we
dialog: have been able to alleviate this
dialog: condition. A pregnancy at this point in
dialog: time could be life-threatening for Ellie.
text: Seeband studies Kurt as the young man walks alongside him
text: in silence.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: 77
dialog: You do understand? Life-threatening.
text: Kurt looks up at the two women walking somewhat ahead of
dialog: them.
text: Ellie senses his gaze, looks round and surreptitiously
text: blows him a kiss. Kurt smiles gratefully. They walk on.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (with a huge effort)
dialog: And if she were already pregnant?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (acting shocked)
dialog: Then I would have to examine her
dialog: immediately.
text: Seeband stops in his tracks. Kurt walks a few steps
text: further and then also stops, turning back to Seeband, who
text: is looking at him enquiringly. Kurt nods gravely. The
dialog: women have also realized that something has happened;
text: they stop and look back at the men, puzzled.
scene_heading: 83. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE BATHROOM - NEXT
speaker_heading: MORNING
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (V. O.)
dialog: There is no reason to despair just yet:
dialog: it's quite possible that everything has
dialog: proceeded correctly during the nidation,
dialog: and that I shall soon be a= proud
dialog: grandfather.
text: Kurt is pacing nervously up and down outside the bathroom
text: door, now smoking quite openly in the house. The door
text: opens, and Seeband comes out, in a doctor's coat, with
text: rubber gloves. He is not yet facing Kurt, who can see
text: through the open door that Ellie is lying with her upper
text: body on the bottom of the empty bathtub, on her back, her
text: thighs open and extended upwards, knees bent, her calves
text: resting on two stools. Between them is an empty chair
text: with a doctor's bag. Frau Seeband is sitting next to her,
text: stroking her daughter's face tenderly. Seeband closes the
text: door, looking grave, and walks towards his study. Kurt
text: follows him.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: I must act immediately. The pregnancy is
dialog: considerably more advanced than I _ had
dialog: feared - it's already the third month.
dialog: 78
dialog: 84.
dialog: 85.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - SEEBAND’S STUDY - CONTINUOUS
text: They have reached Seeband’s study. He takes a sterile
text: cloth from a drawer and places on it two forceps and
dialog: various curettes - the instruments required for an
dialog: abortion.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: An... abortion?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: If I do not remove the fetus she will not
dialog: survive the pregnancy.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: We have a reputation to maintain.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Is it really the only way? Really?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Are you doubting my professional ability?
text: Kurt doesn't reply, which makes Seeband even colder.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Would I put myself through something like
dialog: this... and my daughter!... if it were
dialog: not absolutely necessary?
text: Seeband goes back into the bathroom. Kurt remains in the
text: corridor. He can hear quiet sobbing behind the door. He
text: gazes at the door, making the image blurred...
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - DINING ROOM - EVENING (MOS)
text: They are all in the dining room, which is elegantly
text: paneled with white wood. Ellie looks pale and thin.
text: Kurt's expression is one of silent rage. Frau Seeband
text: looks guilty, while Frau Hellthaler has an air of
text: suppressed desperation. The only person talking and
text: eating heartily is the Professor.
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ELLIE’S ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: 719
text: Ellie is lying in bed without any pillows, stretched out
text: like a corpse. Kurt is sitting next to her with his back
text: against the wall. Although her face looks almost relaxed,
text: a stream of tears is continuosly flowing down her cheeks.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (in a monotone)
text: He had an SS uniform made for himself.
dialog: For hours he would practice in front of
text: the mirror, trying out different poses
dialog: until he found the best ones.
scene_heading: 87. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - SEEBAND’S STUDY - FLASHBACK
text: Seeband in front of the mirror. Six-year-old Ellie enters
text: the room and watches him.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (V. O.)
dialog: He didn't care that I could see him: I
dialog: was only a little girl. There was a
text: grinning skull on the cap. In silver. A
dialog: skull.
text: CLOSE-UP: THE SILVER SKULL on the SS cap. It has been
text: placed on a chair at exactly Ellie’s height.
text: The little girl gazes at it uneasily.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (V. O.)
dialog: A doctor is supposed to heal people. He’s
dialog: supposed to heal.
scene_heading: 88. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ELLIE’S ROOM - THE PRESENT
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (in despair)
dialog: Am I always going to be at his mercy?
text: Now she weeps without inhibition.
scene_heading: 89. INT. DRESDEN GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL - ENTRANCE AREA -
speaker_heading: EVENING
text: A formal ceremony is taking place, with 100 doctors and
text: dignitaries in suits. Several uniformed Soviets.
dialog: 80
text: We see Kurt, Ellie and also Frau Seeband, who is standing
text: next to her husband. The Minister of Health is making a
dialog: speech in Seeband’s honor:
scene_heading: MINISTER OF HEALTH
dialog: a gifted doctor, a humanist, one of
dialog: the founders of our Socialist Republic -
dialog: in short, a fine example for all members
dialog: of his profession. And today, 11
dialog: December, the anniversary of the
dialog: foundation of the German Democratic
dialog: Republic, it is my honor to present him
dialog: with the Robert Koch Medal and the title
dialog: Distinguished Doctor of the People.
text: With a flourish he places a bronze medal on a ribbon
text: around Seeband’s neck, handing him a certificate, a small
text: box and an envelope. Applause.
speaker_heading: MINISTER OF HEALTH (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Seeband)
dialog: Here's a small version, for everyday use.
dialog: And a certificate to frame.
text: (smiling, he whispers with reference to
dialog: the envelope)
dialog: Take care of this: 8000 marks inside!
text: Seeband steps up to the podium.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Thank you, Minister, for those kind
dialog: words, of which I am not deserving.
text: He catches the eye of his daughter, who is gazing at him
text: without any love. She is standing in the Directors’
text: Gallery, where there are paintings of the directors over
text: the last decades. The paintings are all very similar.
text: Kurt's work fits in perfectly - a fine work of
dialog: craftsmanship.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: As a doctor and a member of society I
dialog: merely do my duty. I am simply one wheel
dialog: in the huge machinery of international
dialog: socialism, just as the painter of this
dialog: far too flattering portrait of me is only
text: a small wheel, his style
text: indistinguishable from the other painters
dialog: here...
text: Kurt meets Seeband’s eye with an impassive expression.
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: just as we are all only small wheels
text: on a large train which, with the help of
dialog: the Soviet Union, is moving steadily
dialog: towards that great terminal station:
dialog: Communism.
text: Applause. Several people approach Seeband to congratulate
text: him. Kurt, standing with Ellie near his painting,
text: overhears two men who lean forward and study it through
dialog: their glasses.
speaker_heading: DIGNITARY 1
dialog: (to his companion)
dialog: Who was it by?
speaker_heading: DIGNITARY 2
text: It doesn't say. Willi Sitte, probably.
dialog: One of those.
speaker_heading: DIGNITARY 1
dialog: I just wonder how long it will take the
dialog: news to get around that Mr Eastman has
dialog: invented a device which does this sort of
dialog: thing itself - but much better!
text: The two men laugh and walk on. Ellie and Kurt stand
text: silently, watching Seeband and his wife at the other end
text: of the room as they accept expressions of congratulation.
text: A little further away Frau Hellthaler is standing by
text: herself. She is also watching Seeband and his wife. Among
text: the people congratulating Seeband is a uniformed Soviet
text: officer, a slim, good-looking man who whispers something
text: quietly into Seeband’s ear when he approaches. For a
text: moment Seeband seems startled; then he nods briefly to
text: the Russian officer, who walks on. Seeband’s wife
text: addresses him, apparently asking about the incident.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE:
dialog: We are with Seeband and his wife.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: I am to report to KGB Headquarters in
dialog: Berlin tomorrow. That's all he said.
text: Now the two of them notice that Kurt and Ellie are
text: watching them from the other end of the room. Frau
text: Seeband nods to them in greeting.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: 82
dialog: 90.
dialog: 91.
dialog: Looks like that plan didn't work either.
text: They are closer than ever.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Patience, Martha, patience.
scene_heading: EXT. KGB HQ KARLSHORST, BERLIN - DAY
text: A grey stone building, intimidating Nazi-style
text: architecture. Soviet guards in front. A taxi pulls up,
text: and Seeband gets out. The guards inspect his papers. An
text: adjutant is waiting and leads him inside.
scene_heading: INT. KGB HQ KARLSHORST, BERLIN - GENERAL’S OFFICE - DAY
dialog: Seeband, the miniature of the Robert Koch medal on his
text: lapel, is shown into the office of Alexander Mikhailovich
text: Muravyov. Muravyov is several years older, his shoulder
text: now adorned with a general's star. When he sees Seeband
text: he sends the young adjutant (the man who gave Seeband the
text: message at the award ceremony) out of the room. Only when
text: the adjutant has left does Muravyov embrace Seeband,
text: kissing him on both cheeks. The overpowering smell of
text: Russian cigarettes still disturbs Seeband.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV
dialog: (genuinely moved)
dialog: Carl, Carl...
dialog: (something occurs to him)
dialog: Wait, I must show you something.
text: Muravyov has, in the meantime, leaned German, though he
text: speaks with a strong Russian accent. He crosses to his
text: desk and picks up a framed photograph of a very handsome
text: 13-year-old boy, which he shows to Seeband. Seeband nods
text: appreciatively. Tears come to Muravyov's eyes. Then he
text: has to laugh, and again he kisses Seeband on both cheeks.
text: Suddenly he becomes serious.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV (CONT'D)
dialog: Carl, I’m being transferred. Back to
dialog: Russia. I won't be able to protect you
dialog: any longer.
text: Seeband is shocked, though he makes an effort not to
dialog: reveal this.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV (CONT'D)
dialog: 83
dialog: All the others have been caught. On paper
dialog: we are still hunting for Burghard Kroll
dialog: and the "medical coordinator of the
dialog: Dresden region for the euthanasia
dialog: program".
text: (he glances meaningfully at Seeband) .
dialog: I can't guarantee my successor won't re-
dialog: open the investigation and start
text: questioning doctors and nurses again.
text: Seeband lowers his eyes uneasily.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV (CONT'D)
dialog: You have to leave the country as well.
dialog: And never come back. Apply for permission
dialog: to emigrate, for you and your wife. It
dialog: will be approved. These days Wernher von
dialog: Braun is building space rockets for the
dialog: Americans. As far as we can see, nobody
dialog: in the West would be interested in your
dialog: SS past any more... Nobody will suspect
dialog: the truth.
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Let's hope our side doesn't, either.
dialog: We sense that his loyalty to Seeband has taken its toll
dialog: on Muravyov.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV (CONT'D)
dialog: (openly trusting, confidentially
dialog: You can’t tell me anything about Kroll?
dialog: Where he is? Who else was at those
dialog: meetings?
dialog: (almost pleading)
dialog: You would help me a great deal.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: I never met the gentleman. I don't know
dialog: anything about him.
text: Muravyov nods. He knows this is a lie. He looks at
text: Seeband rather sadly and then reaches out his hand.
speaker_heading: MURAVYOV
dialog: We shall never meet again, my friend. I
dialog: hope I have repaid my debt to you.
text: Seeband also reaches out to shake hands.
scene_heading: 92. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - SEEBAND’S STUDY - EVENING
dialog: 84
text: Seeband is sitting at his desk, Frau Hellthaler at her
text: place, while he dictates letters to her.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: to make sure we can avoid a
dialog: bottleneck in the occupancy. Yours
dialog: respectfully, Professor Dr. etc.
text: Frau Hellthaler is taking all this down in shorthand, on
text: a notepad, writing quickly. Now she closes her file and
text: is about to get to her feet.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: There is another letter.
text: Frau Hellthaler sits down and opens her notepad again.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: To Dresden Municipal Council, Department
dialog: for Internal Affairs.
dialog: Frau Hellthaler writes this.
speaker_heading: FRAU HELLTHALER
dialog: Reference?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (watching her closely)
dialog: Application to relinquish citizenship of
dialog: the German Democratic Republic.
text: Frau Hellthaler freezes.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: "After due deliberation I, Professor Dr.
dialog: Carl Seeband, hereby request permission
dialog: for myself and my wife Martha to emigrate
dialog: immediately to the Federal Republic of
dialog: Germany." Write it!
text: Frau Hellthaler does so.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: "For political reasons it is no longer
dialog: possible for me to remain in the German
dialog: Democratic Republic. My daughter
text: Elisabeth, who is of age, will remain in
dialog: the GDR, since she continues to believe
dialog: in the GDR and in the socialist world
dialog: view. I leave to her my property, Wiener
text: Strasse 91. With best respects, Professor
dialog: Dr. etc."
dialog: 85
dialog: 94.
text: Frau Hellthaler is still writing, although large tears
text: are dripping onto her notepad, blurring the lines.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you have all that? Kindly deliver it
dialog: in person to the Town Hall tomorrow.
text: Frau Hellthaler gets to her feet without looking at him
text: and hurries out of the room. Seeband places his documents
text: in a drawer of his desk.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTERZ MOUNTAINS - COUNTRY INN - TERRACE - DAY
speaker_heading: INSERT TITLE: 1957
text: A country inn that could almost be in Austria, with heavy
text: wooden tables and a large terrace that has a beautiful
text: view of the mountains of Saxony. Martha, Ellie, Kurt and
text: Seeband are sitting at a table. Ellie is sitting with her
text: father. She is resting her hand on his. Kurt is talking
dialog: to Martha.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND
dialog: (to Kurt)
dialog: Are you thinking about your mother?
text: Kurt shakes his head.
speaker_heading: FRAU SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry he didn't invite her.
text: Seeband, the Robert Koch medal still pinned to his lapel,
text: taps his wine glass without getting to his feet; he
dialog: doesn't want to attract too much attention.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Dear Ellie. Dear Kurt. You have now been
dialog: my son-in-law for two hours. I shall be
dialog: leaving my daughter in your hands when we
dialog: leave the country at the end of the
dialog: month. There is only one thing I would
dialog: like to pass on for your journey through
dialog: life: It is not enough to be "good". I
dialog: have seen many men who were just "good"
text: passed over, dispossessed, even
dialog: annihilated. If you want security in this
dialog: world, no matter what you do, you have to
dialog: be the best. Not one of the best. The
dialog: best.
dialog: SLOW FADE TO WHITE
dialog: 86
dialog: 95.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - BREAKFAST NICHE - MORNING
text: Kurt and Ellie are having breakfast, looking cheerful.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (reading from a letter)
dialog: and thus I find myself in Oldenburg,
dialog: in the Sanderbusch Clinic, with every
dialog: prospect of taking over when Erkner
dialog: retires two years from now. Take care of
dialog: yourself. Your Papa."
speaker_heading: KURT
text: Well, it looks as though he's landed on
text: his feet again.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN SOCIALIST PARTY HQ - CONFERENCE ROOM -DAY
speaker_heading: INSERT TITLE: 1961
text: Kurt, almost 30 years old, is again on a scaffolding
text: painting a large mural: the Workers Uprising. This time
text: in an even more impressive-looking official locale.
text: In the hall below several party delegates are watching,
text: clearly pleased with what Kurt is doing. His old friend
text: Max is assisting him, mixing the paint from red pigment,
text: linseed oil and chalk. Kurt hands Max the bowl of paint
text: and indicates he should fill in the outline with color.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Really?
text: Max starts work. Kurt watches as he applies the paint
text: with enthusiasm. Kurt looks at the painting itself:
text: muscular workers in white shirts with familiar hammers
text: and tools. Capitalist lackeys in black, suppressing them.
text: Kurt shakes his head involuntarily at the sameness of it
text: all. He watches his friend painting eagerly, contentedly.
text: Kurt is pensive.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: How much would you give for my Wartburg?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Are you kidding me? Do you know how long
text: a normal mortal has to wait to get a car
dialog: like that?
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I just don't like it any more. 300 marks?
text: Max gazes at him for long time, silent and serious; here
text: has a good idea what his friend is planning.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Kurt, in the West they even don't do
dialog: painting any more. These days painting is
dialog: considered bourgeois.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: I thought for them "bourgeois" was good?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (now uncertain)
dialog: Oh, what do I know!
text: Kurt laughs.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Of course we all want to get rid of you.
dialog: Of course we do. But you've got a life
dialog: here. You have money. You're becoming
dialog: famous. I mean... I get girls to go to
dialog: bed with me because I'm your assistant.
dialog: You can handle the apparatchiks like
dialog: nobody else... Next year you're going to
dialog: be 30, so you’re not so young anymore...
dialog: You're... Why?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Because none of that matters.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Then what does matter?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: The truth.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And who says what is true?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Me, me, me.
text: Max has to laugh at this. He takes off one of his shoes,
text: turns it over and pulls the heel to one side to reveal a
text: secret compartment containing folded banknotes. He counts
dialog: them.
dialog: 88
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: 260?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Fine. Do you need canvases?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You mean you have some?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: In my studio - with pictures on them.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Paint over them. All of them, please.
text: Max is speechless.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I don't want to see them again. Believe
dialog: me. Nothing I've painted there is right.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: But what about the murals? Those you
dialog: can't destroy.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I expect other people will take care of
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Alright, then at least let me drive you
dialog: in my new car.
dialog: (Kurt is about to object)
dialog: Only to East Berlin, I mean.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE (MOS)
scene_heading: EXT. EAST GERMANY/EAST BERLIN BORDER - EVENING
scene_heading: INSERT TITLE: 13 March 1961
dialog: The border between East Germany and East Berlin: there is
text: a barrier across the road, with barbed wire and a
text: guardhouse. A Russian soldier in a jacket that is much
text: too warm for the German weather crosses to Kurt's
text: Wartburg, and Max hands him their IDs though the window.
speaker_heading: SOVIET SOLDIER
dialog: What is purpose of your visit to Berlin?
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm just the driver.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: We are assistants at Dresden Art Academy,
dialog: and we're going to a meeting at the
dialog: School of Visual and Applied Art in
dialog: Weissensee.
text: The soldier opens the trunk of the car. It only contains
text: two briefcases, though they are both very full. He opens
text: the larger of them. It contains several of the beige
dialog: leather volumes with gold titles we have seen previously
text: in Kurt's possession. The soldier picks one of the books
text: and opens it: the collected works of Thomas Mann.
text: He opens the other briefcase. It's full of photographs:
text: family photographs. The soldier extracts a few of them.
text: We see Johann with ruffled hair and a pointed beard. A
text: picture of the Seeband family at the beach, with Seeband
text: holding his hands around his wife and daughter as if to
text: protect them. We see Aunt Elisabeth with little Kurt. A
text: group picture of nurses. And Uncle Giinther against a wall
dialog: in Russia: that picture really did make it back.
text: The soldier puts the photographs back in the briefcase,
text: closes the trunk, signals that Max can drive on and then
text: beckons the next car.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST BERLIN - FRIEDRICHSTRASSE STATION - ENTRANCE -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: The dim light of the distinctive yellow streetlamps
text: illuminate the steps leading up to the station of the
text: Berlin tramway. They are so crowded that the police are
text: overwhelmed and have given up trying to check everybody.
text: The Wartburg pulls up outside. Kurt turns to his friend
text: Max and shakes him by the hand. Max can hardly look him
text: in the eye. Ellie rests a grateful hand on his shoulder.
text: They head over to the steps, trying to look
text: inconspicuous, Kurt carrying the two briefcases and Ellie
text: only with her handbag.
speaker_heading: EAST GERMAN POLICEMAN
dialog: Halt!
dialog: 90
text: Ellie and Kurt freeze. But the policeman is addressing
text: someone else; he stops a man climbing the steps with a
text: large suitcase. Kurt and Ellie walk on.
scene_heading: 99. EXT./INT. EAST BERLIN - FRIEDRICHSTRASSE STATION —
scene_heading: PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: Kurt and Ellie are standing at the platform of the
text: tramway with a large number of other people. The tram
text: arrives on time. Everybody boards in orderly fashion.
text: Ellie and Kurt don't even sit down.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (whispers to Kurt)
dialog: They almost make it too easy...
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Not for much longer.
speaker_heading: TRAIN DRIVER
dialog: (over loudspeakers)
dialog: Next Station: Zoological Garden, West
dialog: Berlin.
text: They get out.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE: the West
text: - Bright lights and neon advertising on the
dialog: Kurftirstendamm, the main shopping street of West
dialog: Berlin. It's a different country.
scene_heading: 100. INT./EXT. WEST BERLIN - DAY
text: - Policeman in their ridiculous blue uniforms.
text: - On a color TV in a shop for electrical appliances
text: the weekly lottery draw is being televised.
dialog: - The huge Refugee Center in Marienfelde, where Kurt
text: and Ellie are allocated camp beds, next to them
text: families with screaming children.
dialog: - A government office (a desolate place even in West
dialog: Berlin) where each new arrival is issued with a
text: little Western money from a petty cash box.
dialog: 91
dialog: 101.
dialog: 102.
dialog: 103.
dialog: 104
text: - Ellie, wearing a bra, is washing her only blouse in
text: one of the many washbasins of the communal bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART - LECTURE THEATER - DAY
text: Professor Grimma walks into the lecture theater looking
text: cheerful. There is a letter on his desk. From Kurt. He
text: opens it.
speaker_heading: KURT (V. O.)
dialog: Dear Professor Grimma. By the time you
dialog: read this I shall be in the West. I
dialog: couldn't talk to you about it before,
dialog: because that would have involved you in a
dialog: criminal act. You were always very good
dialog: to me, so I hope you will believe I have
dialog: not taken this decision lightly, and it
dialog: was not done in the hope that I might one
dialog: day be driving a fancy car.
text: Professor Grimma is visibly moved.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM FOR HYGIENE —- ENTRANCE HALL - DAY
text: Uniformed Stasi officers stand guard as the Joy of Life
text: mural is painted over by workmen using rollers on long
text: handles to cover it with flat white.
text: Another painter is applying the obligatory green horizon
text: over the white at waist height.
scene_heading: INT. DRESDEN SOCIALIST PARTY HQ - CONFERENCE ROOM -DAY
text: The same Stasi officers and the two party officials who
dialog: watched Kurt paint the mural originally are now ensuring
text: that everything is covered over. Several workmen are
text: nailing wooden planks onto the wall.
text: Right at the back we see Professor Horst Grimma. Almost
text: in tears.
speaker_heading: END OF MONTAGE
scene_heading: . INT. WEST BERLIN STUDIO/APARTMENT - DAY
dialog: 92
text: A small apartment full of paintings, realistic portraits,
text: realistic street scenes in GDR style. WERNER BLASCHKE, a
text: cigarette in the corner of his mouth, is painting a
text: portrait of a plump 12-year-old boy squirming in front of
text: him in his Sunday best.
speaker_heading: BLASCHKE
dialog: (in a strong Saxon accent)
dialog: Stay still, Klaus, or you'll spoil your
text: father's birthday present for Mummy.
text: He turns to Kurt, who is gazing at the painting.
speaker_heading: BLASCHKE (CONT'D)
dialog: How old are you again?
speaker_heading: KURT
text: 29. Almost 30.
speaker_heading: BLASCHKE
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: You look younger.
dialog: (getting back to business)
dialog: Yes, in that case Munich is a good idea.
dialog: People there have plenty of money. They
dialog: always need portraits, landscapes too.
dialog: What I wouldn't advise is Dtisseldorf.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Diisseldorf?
speaker_heading: BLASCHKE
dialog: It's all modern art there. Avant-garde!
dialog: And if you didn't study at their Academy,
dialog: you don't stand a chance anyway. It's a
dialog: kind of Mafia. Munich is good. Hamburg is
dialog: good. Berlin...? Well, middling, as you
dialog: can see for yourself.
text: He points to poor Klaus, who thinks he is being ordered
dialog: to introduce himself.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (obediently)
dialog: Good day.
speaker_heading: BLASCHKE
dialog: Stay still!
scene_heading: 105. EXT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - DAY
dialog: 93
dialog: 106.
dialog: 107
scene_heading: TITLE: DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART
text: ESTABLISHING: the Academy. A huge neo-Renaissance
text: building still displaying bomb damage. A large banner, in
dialog: appearance not unlike the ones Kurt used to paint,
text: proclaims: OPEN HOUSE DAY. Visitors are pouring inside.
text: Kurt looks nervous. He stubs out his cigarette and walks
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kurt enters the Academy. A Porter is sitting behind the
text: desk near the door; Kurt walks over to him and shakes the
text: astonished man by the hand.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Good morning. My name is Kurt Barnert. I
dialog: phoned about a tour.
text: The Porter gives Kurt a skeptical look (Kurt still has a
dialog: lot to learn about etiquette here in the West) and points
text: to the next door without saying a word.
scene_heading: . INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - ENTRANCE HALL -
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS
text: There is a table in the entrance hall with a sign saying:
text: "Tours for Applicants. Wait Here." Kurt waits patiently,
text: watching the people who walk past him and enter the
text: Academy. Most of them are curious locals in search of a
dialog: scandal, judging by the straps of conversations Kurt
dialog: 
text: overhears (" punched him in the nose in the middle of
dialog: the lecture...", "... said Heil Hitler, and claimed it
dialog: was just a form of provocation...", etc).
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (0O.S.)
dialog: (loud, brisk)
dialog: You're still under 26 I hope?
text: Kurt turns round.
text: HARRY PREUSSER is standing behind the table, a stocky man
text: in his early 30s with very short black hair and a broad,
text: confident face. He is studying Kurt with piercing eyes
text: and takes his silence as a yes.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: 94
dialog: Good. And what you want to do? Sculpture?
dialog: Action? Installations?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Painting... actually.
text: Preusser laughs.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: (mocking Kurt’s mild Saxon accent)
dialog: “Pointing?”
dialog: It is a long time since Kurt encountered anything like
text: this, and he's more surprised than offended.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: No offence. I'm from the east myself.
dialog: Mecklenburg.
text: He sets off on the tour, Kurt following. They walk
text: between a series of sculptures consisting of sheets of
text: metal made to revolve by electric motors.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: Take a look around. Nobody really does
dialog: painting anymore. People want something
dialog: new - an idea.
text: They walk on, past naked models covered in chalk.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: An idea?
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: Yes. But not something like that:
dialog: something new, or at least in new
dialog: packaging. Like Yves Klein, who says: I
dialog: am claiming ultramarine for myself. I am
dialog: even going to patent it. It is now called
dialog: Yves Klein Blue. And I shall only express
dialog: myself with this color. I will paint the
text: naked breasts of a beautiful woman with
dialog: Yves Klein Blue, and she will rub the
text: paint against the breasts of another
dialog: beautiful woman. I shall paint sponges
dialog: with Yves Klein Blue and stick them to
text: canvases with Yves Klein Blue.
text: They now come to another studio where a young female
text: student cuts slits in her monochromatic canvases in
text: grandiose gestures.
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers to Kurt)
dialog: Of course, it’s no good if someone had
dialog: the idea first. Lucio Fontana has been
text: slashing canvases for the last six years.
dialog: What's the point of just repeating it?
dialog: But Katrin has lovely firm breasts, so we
dialog: let her do what she likes...
text: They walk on through various studios, all linked like
text: pearls on a string. One of the studios is particularly
text: crowded. Here ADRIAN SCHIMMEL, a good-looking young man
text: with fashionable black sunglasses, smooth black hair and
text: sensuous lips, is standing in front of a wall of
text: paintings which consist of repeated patterns in vibrant
dialog: colors.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: That's Adrian Schimmel. The name says it
dialog: all...
dialog: ("Schimmel" = "mold".) (Preusser whispers)
dialog: His real name is Adrian Finck, son of the
dialog: chairman of Mannesmann. Prig. But he's
dialog: got international connections - even in
dialog: Paris and New York, they say. And he can
dialog: talk, that's for sure. But is the
dialog: wallpaper idea enough?
text: Finck is explaining his wallpaper pictures to an elderly
text: couple, his manner extremely self-important.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: Yes, I think it's very pretty. But isn't
dialog: it still what you might call...
text: wallpaper.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN SCHIMMEL
dialog: Yes, but you see, it only looks that way.
dialog: That's exactly what we artists are
dialog: searching for: that which is hidden
text: behind the decorative. The emptiness,
dialog: expressed by the holes I punched in it.
dialog: The banality, incorporated in the
dialog: material linoleum that I applied to it.
text: The senseless stridency visible in the
dialog: neon colors in which I rolled my work.
text: Thus it becomes obvious than in art even
dialog: the facade, yes, even wallpaper always
dialog: speaks the truth. And that is precisely
dialog: what brought you here. You have a deep
dialog: sense of the artistic; otherwise you
dialog: would not have ended up _ here. Piet
dialog: Mondrian presents you with utopia. I
dialog: 96
dialog: present you with the truth. Your friends
dialog: see some pretty wallpaper. You see the
text: level behind it.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: And... is it possible to... purchase
dialog: something like this?
speaker_heading: ADRIAN SCHIMMEL
dialog: It is. That's what so fantastic about
dialog: art.
text: Preusser leads Kurt away with a dismissive wave.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: Money always makes money... You know how
dialog: it is. But no artist should have to talk
dialog: about his work like that. He just wants
dialog: to prove to his successful family that he
dialog: can be successful even without them.
dialog: Money is all that counts for that...
dialog: (a sudden moment of introspection)
dialog: Whereas rT want to prove to my
dialog: unsuccessful family that I can be
dialog: successful in spite of them. Money is all
dialog: that matters there, too... Families...
dialog: it's all shit.
text: They walk on, past studios and exhibition rooms Preusser
dialog: doesn't consider of interest.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: But you must be younger than 26 when you
dialog: get the idea. Otherwise it’s no use.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: Just think about it: Picasso was 26 for
dialog: Les Demoiselles d'Avignon. Duchamp was 25
dialog: when he painted Nude Descending a
dialog: Staircase. And Michelangelo was 24 when
dialog: he did the Pieta.
text: The next studio Preusser guides Kurt into contains a few
text: bizarre wooden constructions. The wooden framework of a
text: gazebo, the individual beams connected by potatoes. And a
text: wooden stool with a hole in the middle of the seat where
text: a stick hangs down, attached to an electric motor; as the
text: stick turns, the potato at the end of it revolves around
text: another potato on the floor.
dialog: 97
text: A slightly effeminate, gaunt young man with very long
text: blond hair, yellow sunglasses and a beige polo neck is
text: operating the machine. He is explaining it to a child,
text: who looks fascinated.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: What do you call that?
speaker_heading: ARENDT IVO
dialog: "Device to make a potato circle another."
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: No more dots?
speaker_heading: ARENDT IVO
text: (innocently, shaking his head)
dialog: At the moment I'm more interested in
dialog: potatoes.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: This is Kurt. From the East. Painter.
dialog: Wants to study here.
text: Ivo shakes hands with Kurt, giving him a friendly smile.
speaker_heading: ARENDT IVO
dialog: So I suppose Harry already subjected you
dialog: to his speech about "the idea"?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: You don't believe it?
speaker_heading: ARENDT IVO
dialog: If you are looking to create the supreme
dialog: masterpiece, it might be right. I mean,
dialog: mastery has to be measured somehow. But
dialog: personally, I'm more interested in:
dialog: potatoes.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: Come on, before you get corrupted.
text: Ivo gives Kurt a friendly farewell smile.
text: As they walk away:
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: Arendt Ivo: what he wants, nobody knows.
dialog: He used to do everything in big dots, all
dialog: the same color, that he printed on
dialog: 98
dialog: boards. Could have been a real idea. And
dialog: now that. And in a couple of months he'll
dialog: be doing something completely different.
text: Preusser and Kurt have come to the end of a long
text: corridor. Here there are a large number of visitors
text: crowded round a series of windows overlooking another
dialog: studio.
text: Brightly illuminated, standing between semi-abstract
text: water-colors that seem to have been painted with blood or
text: liquid soil, a man in a beige safari suit, fedora and
text: fisherman’s vest is working with a white mass. He spreads
text: the oily substance he takes from a tub with a spatula
text: into the corners until it fills them completely. He seems
text: entirely engrossed in what he's doing. All around him
text: there are rolls of black-grey felt, placed upright and as
text: tall as a man. Kurt is not unmoved by the whole
dialog: spectacle.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: (with a certain pride)
dialog: Our Professor... Antonius van Verten. But
dialog: I guess you've heard of him even in
dialog: Saxony.
text: Kurt shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: A true original... He'd probably like me
dialog: to say: 'legend'. Always wears that hat.
dialog: One time a really sexy student seduced
dialog: him - just to see him without the hat.
text: He grins over at Kurt.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: He kept it on, even in bed...
dialog: (he laughs)
dialog: Only works with felt and animal fat. Why?
dialog: (mocking but also envious)
dialog: That remains his big, legendary secret.
dialog: Sometimes he uses rabbit blood. He told
dialog: the sexy student that when he was a kid
dialog: he once shot a rabbit - and never
dialog: recovered from it. We have to attend all
dialog: his lectures - they’re obligatory - but
dialog: he never looks at anything we do. He says
dialog: the only person who knows if you're doing
dialog: it right is yourself... I think he simply
dialog: doesn't care about us. Well... We don't
dialog: care about him either.
dialog: 99
text: Preusser's dismissal doesn't sound too convincing. Kurt
text: gazes in fascination at the wild movements of the
dialog: mysterious teacher.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: But whether you're accepted, whether you
dialog: get a studio - it's all completely up to
dialog: this madman.
text: Preusser senses that Kurt is impressed by van Verten.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, he's not that interesting.
text: Soon they come to a large studio which is packed with
text: canvases and sculptures, all covered in hundreds of
text: nails. Several people are standing in front of them,
text: gazing at them.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: So this is one of those "ideas"?
text: Preusser ignores him, because a very attractive young
text: woman is standing in front of one sculpture, which looks
text: like a small tree of nails.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: (to the young woman)
dialog: Does it appeal to you, this sculpture?
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Yes.
text: Preusser picks up a few nails and a hammer from a work
text: table and starts working on the sculpture.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: You are the artist?
text: His practiced movements indicate that he is.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: It's still not quite right. I can only
dialog: see that now you're standing next to it.
text: (gestures to her with his palm upright)
dialog: That's right...
dialog: (gestures to his sculpture)
dialog: That isn't.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: 100
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: What are you trying to express with this
dialog: work?
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: (gravely, with emphasis)
dialog: Precisely what you're experiencing right
dialog: now.
text: The girl is suitably impressed. Preusser presents her
text: with a nail, and a meaningful look. She takes it as if it
text: were a holy relic and walks on, dazed. Preusser gazes
text: after her while Kurt takes a closer look at the works.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: I was 23, by the way.
scene_heading: 108. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - VAN VERTEN’S OFFICE -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: There is something inexplicably artistic even about his
text: office. Van Verten, again wearing his hat and fisherman's
text: vest, is looking through Kurt's application form. Kurt is
text: sitting opposite him.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT OF APPLICATION FORM:
text: Under "Age" Kurt has written "26".
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: You haven't submitted a portfolio.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I wasn't able to bring anything with me.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: What have you done up to now?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Painting.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: In East Germany?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: Socialist realism?
dialog: 101
text: It is more a statement than a question, so no reply is
dialog: required.
text: Van Verten picks up a West German tabloid newspaper, the
text: Bild, and points to a headline about the construction of
text: the Berlin Wall, along with a photograph of the massive
dialog: undertaking.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: So now they really have built a wall. Did
dialog: you feel that coming?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: "Nobody has the intention" - always means
dialog: precisely the opposite is true.
text: Van Verten studies the photograph closely, speaking
text: almost to himself.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: But somehow it's almost art, that wall -
text: a piece of landscape art. The
dialog: craftsmanship involved in the execution
dialog: is completetly un-interesting; hundreds
dialog: of thousands of people have problems with
dialog: it...
dialog: (shaking his head)
text: Consistent German madness.
text: Kurt has nothing to say to this. Van Verten puts the
dialog: newspaper down.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: What kind of art do you like?
text: Kurt shrugs his shoulders, genuinely stumped. He honestly
text: doesn't know. His sincerity impresses van Verten, who
text: looks up and gazes at Kurt for a long time.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't like talking about yourself, do
dialog: you? But your eyes tell me that you have
dialog: seen more than any of us.
text: He signs the application form and stamps it twice, once
dialog: with "Enrolled" and once with "Studio".
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: These are the only conditions for you,
dialog: just like everybody else:
dialog: (raising one finger)
dialog: That you come to the lectures.
dialog: (raising a second finger)
dialog: 102
dialog: That you never ask me to look at anything
dialog: you do. Agreed?
text: Kurt nods.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: In any case you're the only one who knows
dialog: if it's good or not.
scene_heading: 109. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - NIGHT
text: There's a metallic buzz as neon lights come on to reveal
text: a small, industrial studio, much smaller than Kurt's
text: workshop in Dresden. Smaller than Preusser’s, which is
dialog: adjoining it: we can see the examples of nail art in the
text: background through the double connecting doors. Which are
text: now open. Kurt and Ellie enter the studio.
speaker_heading: KURT
text: One step forwards, two steps back.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Oh come on! Don't tell me you can't do
dialog: anything you like here.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Yes, but if I only knew what that is...
text: She gives him a seductive look and unbuttons her blouse:
text: she isn't wearing a bra underneath. She kisses him and
text: quickly unfastens his belt...
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Maybe... first of all... to inaugurate
dialog: this studio?
scene_heading: 110. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - LECTURE THEATER - DAY
text: A lecture theater, the rows of seats rising towards the
text: back. The ceiling, which was destroyed by bombing, still
text: hasn't been replaced. Down at the front van Verten is
text: standing next to a pair of easels, both covered in
text: sheets. He pulls away the sheets to reveal the election
dialog: posters of Adenauer and Brandt: "No Experiments - Vote
dialog: For Adenauer" and "Prosperity for Everyone. Forwards with
dialog: Willy Brandt".
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: 103
dialog: 111.
dialog: 112
dialog: Who are you going to vote for? The SPD?
dialog: The CDU?
text: He looks round. Some of the students call out: "SPD!",
text: "German Piece Union!", "CDU!". Others whistle and boo in
dialog: protest after each party is named.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Don’t vote for anyone.
text: It goes very quiet in the lecture theater.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Never vote for a party again! Vote for
text: art. It is either-or. Only in art is
dialog: freedom not an illusion. Only the artist
dialog: can give people back their sense for
dialog: freedom after this catastrophe. Every
dialog: individual, whether he's a garbage man or
text: a farmer, has the chance to be an artist.
dialog: If he develops his own subjective
dialog: abilities without limitations. If you are
dialog: not free, completely free, then nobody
dialog: else will be. By making yourselves free
dialog: you are making the world free. You are
dialog: priests, revolutionaries, liberators.
dialog: Make your burnt offerings!
text: He then uses a lighter to set both posters on fire at the
text: bottom. The flames quickly rise.
scene_heading: INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - DAY
text: Kurt is standing over a canvas, dripping paint onto it
dialog: from a brush like Jackson Pollock. The fact that the
text: shades are a little more monochromatic than Pollock's
text: doesn't make it more original, either. Preusser peers
text: inside and shakes his head mockingly. When he has left
text: Kurt pours the whole bucket of paint over the canvas in
dialog: frustration.
scene_heading: . INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - DAYS
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Kurt has painted a canvas in beige-orange. Now he picks
text: up a razor blade and is about to apply it to the surface.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (0. S.)
dialog: Don't tell me you've joined the slashers.
dialog: 104
text: Kurt turns to look at him with a sly expression as if to
text: say "Wait and see!" and then cuts through the canvas in
text: three places. Red paint begins to ooze through the open
text: slits like blood from wounds. The paint starts dripping
text: down the canvas. Preusser steps closer and sees pouches
text: full of paint attached to the rear of the canvas. He
text: nods, impressed, and pats Kurt on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: That's almost an idea. You learn fast.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
scene_heading: 113. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO -
speaker_heading: DAY/NIGHT
dialog: - Kurt paints shop-window mannequins
dialog: - He builds totem poles
text: - Now dressed like Andy Warhol, he dips a dozen
text: mounted antlers in white paint
text: - Preusser glances inside, nods in reluctant
text: admiration and then goes back to his nail creations
scene_heading: 114. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - LECTURE THEATER - DAY
text: Van Verten again has something on the podium with him
text: covered in a sheet.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: What I am now going to show you - is art.
dialog: You should never be afraid to call art by
dialog: that name. Most people talk about "works"
dialog: and "images" and "objects". By doing so
dialog: they diminish their own art. I don't want
dialog: you to be diminished. I want you to make
dialog: art. And this... is art.
text: He pulls away the sheet - to reveal a monumental
text: sculpture by Arno Breker: the "Head of the Aryan
text: warrior". The students are horrified. People call out
text: loudly: "Nazi!", "Down with Nazi art!" Somebody throws an
text: apple: it hits van Verten hard on the chest. He remains
text: standing motionless. Somebody else throws a tin can. It
text: hits him on the head, and the cut begins to bleed. He
text: still remains motionless.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
text: (calmly, almost to himself
dialog: 105
dialog: I would like you to have Arno Breker’s
dialog: creative power. I would like you to
dialog: produce a body of work like his.
text: Again he is hit hard by an object that is thrown.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I would like you to remain as true to
dialog: yourself as he always was to himself
dialog: (almost whispering)
dialog: Even if, like me, you can't abide it.
scene_heading: 115. INT. CLOTHING FACTORY - WORKSHOP - DAY
text: Ellie is working at a sewing machine among two dozen
text: other women. Hard, manual labor. But she looks somehow
text: content, as if she had a wonderful secret.
text: Suddenly she looks up and clutches her belly. The sewing
text: machine continues to operate, the material bunching up
text: and tearing. Tears spring to her eyes. She gets to her
text: feet, swaying slightly.
scene_heading: 116. INT. CLOTHING FACTORY - TOILET - DAY
text: Ellie is standing naked at a washbasin, scrubbing the
text: blood from her skirt while tears run down her cheeks.
text: Suddenly, she collapes. Her body thuds against the door,
text: breaking the flimsy lock. Two fellow seamstresses rush
text: toward her, concerned.
scene_heading: 117. INT. KURT AND ELLIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: It is dark in the apartment. Kurt opens the front door
text: and turns on the light, surprised that nobody appears to
text: be home. But then he sees Ellie sitting in a chair,
text: motionless and pale.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: The sixth time, Kurt. This time it was as
dialog: far as the third month.
text: Kurt stops in his tracks. His clothes are covered with
text: specks of gray paint.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I went to see the doctor. I will not be
dialog: able to have children.
dialog: 106
dialog: 118.
text: Kurt is shaken. He still can't move.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And you know what he said? It was the
dialog: abortion. Not cilia damage.
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: By wanting to keep it so pure, he
dialog: succeeded in extinguishing his own
dialog: bloodline.
text: She begins to weep. Kurt kneels next to her, holding her
dialog: tight.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll never have children, Kurt...
text: He is also deeply upset.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Your pictures... Your pictures have to be
dialog: our children. Yes? Alright?
text: Kurt embraces her in silence. He nods.
scene_heading: INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - LECTURE THEATER - DAY
text: Van Verten enters the lecture theater without any work of
text: art to display, looking defeated, distracted today. He
text: stands there for a moment as if wondering what he can
text: talk about. Nothing occurs to him. He looks in his bag.
text: He finds a catalogue of the works of Wilhelm Lehmbruck.
text: He holds up the book, but nobody can see it properly. One
text: of the students sets up an episcope with an extension
text: cord. Van Verten places the book on it and looks at it as
text: he was seeing theimage for the first time. Projected on
text: the wall is an photo of Lehmbruck’s sculpture Kneeling
dialog: Woman.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: Have you all studied Lehmbruck?... If
dialog: not, please do so. For your own sakes...
dialog: He said: "Each work of art must retain
dialog: something from the first days of
dialog: creation... As if it were still divine...
text: As if it were yet emerging from the
dialog: primeval mass, from the ribs..."
dialog: 107
text: Van Verten falters and then stops: it is as though the
dialog: urge to touch, to teach, to communicate, simply isn’t
dialog: there today.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: No, wait... perhaps... Has anybody had an
dialog: insight this week that he can share with
dialog: us?
text: He crosses to the wall and pulls out the plug of the
text: episcope. Nobody says anything. Then:
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Lottery numbers...
text: The other students laugh, thinking he's making a joke.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: No, really. The lottery numbers. If I say
dialog: six numbers at random - 5, 7, 23, 29, 44,
dialog: 11 - that's just stupid. But if I read
dialog: you the winning numbers from the
dialog: lottery...
text: (picking up a newspaper from the desk of
text: the student next to him)
text: 2, 17, 19, 25, 45, 48 - then suddenly
dialog: they have a true quality, something
text: forceful, almost beautiful...
text: More laughter, as if he had simply continued the joke.
text: Van Verten looks very serious, almost as if he hasn’t
text: been listening. Or as if Kurt's words have moved him
dialog: deeply.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: (disconcerted)
dialog: That was... my... insight.
text: Van Verten fumbles around for a few more moments in his
text: old leather briefcase. Then he looks up at the students.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: You can go. I have nothing for you today.
text: A little surprised, the students pack up their things.
dialog: Kurt too.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Kurt, would you come over here for a
dialog: minute?
dialog: 108
text: While the others walk out Kurt comes down to the front,
text: looking anxious. When he gets there Van verten waits
text: until everyone else has left and then turns to face Kurt.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I would like to see your art.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: Whenever you like. If you like. Just let
dialog: me know.
text: Van Verten picks up his bag, tips his hat in farewell and
text: walks out.
scene_heading: 119. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - PREUSSER’S STUDIO -
speaker_heading: EVENING
text: Kurt is standing next to his friend, looking uneasy,
text: while Preusser carries on hammering in his nails.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: What is there to think about? If he likes
dialog: your work, you get a gallery, and then
dialog: you can buy your girlfriend...
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I'm married.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: then you can buy your wife and your
dialog: girlfriend a car. Soon you'll be able to
dialog: exchange your pictures for classics. Van
text: Verten swapped a chair covered in animal
dialog: fat for a Courbet!
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: At least there were a few nails in it.
text: Preusser smiles angrily and hammers a little harder.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: (honestly)
dialog: I just don't know whether it's good
dialog: enough, what I'm doing. Somehow I feel it
dialog: isn't.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: 109
dialog: But it's all subjective anyway! And if it
dialog: weren't subjective, it wouldn't be art,
dialog: it would be craft.
dialog: Craft. An insult.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: At the end of the day, it's all a matter
dialog: of luck, isn't it? And the fact that van
dialog: Verten is interested in your stuff, for
dialog: whatever reason, means you’re in luck.
dialog: Anyway, he doesn't want to be wrong.
text: Right now, he's ready to discover
dialog: something brilliant in your work. Don't
dialog: stand in your own way.
text: Kurt goes back into his part of the studio and looks at
text: his pictures. The CAMERA shows only his face. He doesn't
text: look convinced. Suddenly the hammering stops. Preusser
text: appears behind him. He also gazes at Kurt's work.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: (comforting)
dialog: It's good, your work. Really. It's good.
dialog: g
scene_heading: 120. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - MORNING
text: Kurt opens the door. Van Verten storms in, rushing over
text: to the pictures in excitement, with something akin to
text: hunger in his eyes. But after a few steps his movements
text: become slower and slower. His initial enthusiasm changes
text: into reservation. Silence. Van Verten is deeply
text: disappointed. Kurt can see this - and suffers silently.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: During the war I was a radio operator
dialog: with the Luftwaffe. I was a terrible
dialog: radio operator, and my pilot was a
dialog: terrible pilot. Not really surprising
dialog: after only four weeks’ training.
dialog: (he laughs a little)
dialog: We were shot down on our second sortie,
text: over the Crimea. The pilot was killed
dialog: immediately.
scene_heading: 121. EXT. CRIMEA - OPEN FIELD - EVENING (FLASHBACK)
text: The smoking wreckage of a Junkers JU88 in the rough,
text: sparse countryside. In the distance we see a few mud huts
dialog: 110
text: and craters from bombs. The pilot’s dead body is hanging
text: out of the cockpit upside down. The canopy of the rear
text: cabin has been smashed, and a young van Verten is inside,
text: covered in blood, his head smoking, his hair smoldering.
text: Suddenly three Tartar peasants with felt hats APPEAR in
text: long, black leather coats with fur collars.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (V. O.)
dialog: The Tatar nomads got me out of the
dialog: wreckage with burns that really should
dialog: have killed me. These peasants, the very
dialog: peasants I was dropping bombs on, pulled
dialog: me out of the wreckage...
text: The nomads extinguish the fire with blankets and haul van
text: Verten's shattered body out of the plane.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (V. O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: and looked after me using whatever
dialog: they had. They rubbed animal fat into my
text: wounds and wrapped me in felt blankets.
scene_heading: 122. INT. CRIMEA - MUD HUT - NIGHT (FLASHBACK)
text: An old Mongolian woman pours a little broth between the
text: lips of the young Van Verten, who is wrapped up in
text: blankets like a cocoon.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (V. O.)
dialog: I stayed with them for a year. Then I
dialog: surrendered to the Americans.
scene_heading: 123. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - DAY
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN
dialog: If I ask myself what I truly know, what I
dialog: have truly experienced in my life, what I
dialog: can claim without lying, it's the animal
dialog: fat on my skin, the homeland of animal
dialog: fat, of felt. When other people talk to
dialog: me about love, about women, about their
dialog: children or about sex - I know what they
dialog: mean only because I experienced that fat
dialog: and felt on my skin.
text: As he speaks he also seems to experience this in the
text: present, submerging himself in the feeling.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: 111
dialog: My life before then was totally
dialog: uneventful. My childhood was happy and
text: sheltered, a couple of slaps across the
dialog: ears, not many.
dialog: (he laughs quietly)
dialog: My teachers liked me. I wanted to be a
dialog: businessman, like my father. I didn't
dialog: have any "artistic talent".
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: And I haven't experienced anything since
dialog: then, either. I'm still cheerful. I spent
dialog: the last days of the war in an army
text: hospital with friendly nurses. Very
text: friendly nurses.
dialog: (he laughs quietly again)
dialog: Afterwards I had pretty rapid success and
dialog: was appointed professor here. But the fat
dialog: and the felt - those I understood... I
dialog: understood them as deeply as Descartes
dialog: understood that he existed. "I think,
dialog: therefore I am". Descartes had questioned
dialog: everything. Everything. Everything could
dialog: be an illusion, a trick, his imagination.
dialog: But then he understood that something had
dialog: provoked that very thought within him,
dialog: and consequently something must exist...
dialog: and that something he decided to call
dialog: "myself"... But who are you? What are
dialog: you?
text: He points to the pictures.
speaker_heading: VAN VERTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Not that.
text: He gets to his feet, picks up his stick and raises his
text: hat in a gesture of farewell. He therefore allows Kurt to
text: be the first to see the terrible scars on his bald head.
text: Part of the skull is missing, and the rest - even after
text: 20 years - is melted, raw flesh. As if nothing had
dialog: happened, as if this has been nothing but a usual, polite
text: greeting, he puts his hat back on and vanishes out of the
dialog: door.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Kurt doesn't say a thing.
text: He remains there, gazing at his pictures. Imitations.
dialog: Without love.
text: The janitor comes in to take out the trash.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Herr Munster, a question.
dialog: 112
dialog: (indicating the pictures)
dialog: Can I throw these out with the garbage?
text: The janitor looks round at all the canvases and frowns.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: No - they wouldn't take that much.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Any idea how I can get rid of it?
scene_heading: 124. EXT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - INNER COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Kurt and Herr Miinster are alone in the courtyard. All
text: Kurt's paintings have been dumped in a large construction
text: container, doused in petrol and set alight.
scene_heading: 125. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - DAY
text: Kurt enters and turns on the fluorescent lights, which
text: buzz as they come to life.
text: But he only stands there, in front of his empty canvas,
dialog: unable to paint a thing.
scene_heading: 126. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - NIGHT
text: It is night now. Kurt turns off the light. He hasn’t
text: painted a thing. He walks out.
scene_heading: 127. INT. KURT AND ELLIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Kurt walks into the apartment. Ellie has been waiting and
text: gives him a kiss on the cheek.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: How was your day?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Productive.
scene_heading: 128. INT. OLDENBURG - SEEBAND VILLA - LIVING ROOM - EVENING
speaker_heading: (M.O.S)
dialog: 113
text: A BLURRED IMAGE which comes into focus. A _ still
text: photograph of Carl and Martha Seeband, smiling on the
text: balcony of their hotel in Positano, Italy. A slide. The
text: Seebands are showing their holiday photographs. Seeband
text: himself adjusts the focus of the projector. The family
text: living room is in darkness. Ellie and her mother are
text: sitting on the sofa. Kurt is on a chair slightly to one
text: side, smoking.
dialog: It's a fine, modern villa. Life is still good for the
dialog: Seebands: only the style has changed. Beige carpets,
text: modern Wagenfeld interiors.
text: More slides are shown: Seeband and his wife on the beach,
text: with big hats and exotic cocktails; in a Roman
text: amphitheater; in front of the small Lufthansa plane that
text: is going to bring them home; inside the plane - the 1st
dialog: class cabin. Everything spells prosperity.
scene_heading: 129. INT. OLDENBURG - SEEBAND VILLA - DINING ROOM - EVENING
speaker_heading: (LATER)
text: The women have gone through to the kitchen, while the men
text: are sitting at the table.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: Re-commence your studies at the age of
dialog: 30? When I was 30 I was chief physician
dialog: in Dresden. When Mozart was 30, he was
dialog: dead.
dialog: What can Kurt say in response?
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: I. do understand you don't want any
dialog: support from me. And that's admirable.
dialog: (leaning forward and whispering)
dialog: But factory work? Is that a life you want
dialog: for your wife?
text: Kurt looks uneasy.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: I have a suggestion. I am on good terms
dialog: with the director of the gynecology
dialog: clinic in Dtisseldorf. He frequently
dialog: invites me there for consultations. I’11
dialog: get you a part-time job there, something
dialog: suitable. Maybe three hours each morning.
dialog: 114
dialog: Agreed? Then you’ll have an income, and
dialog: you'll still have time for... painting.
scene_heading: 130. INT. MOVING TRAIN - NIGHT
text: Ellie and Kurt are sitting in silence on the wooden seats
text: of the third class train compartment, digesting the
text: evening as they travel home.
text: Suddenly Ellie breaks the silence:
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Can’t he just vanish from our lives? Just
dialog: leave us alone?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Perhaps the job will help with that.
scene_heading: 131. INT. UNIVERSITY OF DUSSELDORF GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL -
scene_heading: STAIRS - MORNING
text: On the staircase, which bears a startling resemblance to
dialog: the one outside the sign factory 10 years earlier, Kurt
text: is cleaning the large steps; even the bucket he uses
dialog: looks very much like the one his father had...
scene_heading: 132. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO -
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: Kurt is sitting in silence in front of a blank canvas.
text: Dirty. Exhausted. It doesn't look too likely that he's
dialog: about to have a great idea.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (V. O.)
dialog: So this is the newest in art? White on a
dialog: white background?
text: Kurt turns. His father-in-law is standing there, looking
text: immaculate, the image of power. A perfect suit, a long
text: black cashmere coat.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: "Allegory of Emptiness" - that could be
dialog: the title. Maybe it will be a sensation.
text: ANGLE ON: Preusser is listening as Seeband speaks.
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, I'll take you to dinner. My
text: driver’s waiting.
scene_heading: 133. INT. ITALIAN RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: A simple West German Italian restaurant. Seeband orders
text: in Italian, for Kurt as well, and then hands the menus
text: back to the waiter. He gets straight down to business,
text: taking an envelope out of his slim leather document case,
text: producing from inside it a form and a square of four
dialog: passport photographs.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: This has to be taken to the passport
dialog: office in Bonn so they can issue my
dialog: permanent passport. It's all ready to be
dialog: picked up. I was thinking - why don’t you
dialog: do it for me? That way you can earn a bit
dialog: more money. Here’s the authorization.
text: He takes a 20 mark note from his briefcase.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: The administration fee is 10 marks 50.
dialog: You can keep the rest. I'll call by next
dialog: week to pick up the passport. Agreed?
text: Kurt nods. He can't even bring himself to smile.
text: A newspaper boy enters the restaurant with a thick pile
text: of BILD papers wedged under his arm.
speaker_heading: NEWSPAPER BOY
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Burghard Kroll, Nazi Murderer caught
dialog: after 16 years.
text: Kurt looks up. Is there any response from Seeband? If so,
text: it's hardly perceptible. Some people in the restaurant
dialog: buy a newspaper. Not Kurt and Seeband.
text: The meal is served.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: (jovially, in Italian)
dialog: That smells delicious.
text: They start eating.
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Kurt, it's not too late for you to start
dialog: something completely new. It just has to
dialog: be something reasonable. You're a
dialog: punctual fellow and not workshy. Perhaps
dialog: something in Postal Administration. I was
dialog: just reading that they're looking for
text: young men. Becoming a civil servant
dialog: wouldn’t be a bad idea at all.
text: Seeband produces a silver cigarette case from his inside
text: pocket, opens it and takes a cigarette; he then offers to
text: Kurt, who also takes one.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (startled by the realization)
dialog: You smoke?
text: Seeband lights his own cigarette and then Kurt's. He does
text: so with great precision and elegance.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND
dialog: 63 is the right age to start. The
dialog: consequences will hardly catch up with
dialog: me.
text: He smiles and then glances down at his watch.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: You finish your meal, take your time. I'm
dialog: afraid I have to dash. All my best to
dialog: Ellie.
text: He gets to his feet, crosses to the waiter and pays.
text: Through the large window of the restaurant Kurt sees his
text: father-in-law get into the back of the waiting Mercedes.
text: His expression is serious. Kurt finishes his cigarette,
text: puts it out and gets to his feet. As he crosses to the
text: door he sees that a plump CUSTOMER at another table has
text: put aside the cover section of the BILD newspaper.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: May I?
text: The man looks up briefly.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: The politics section? You can have it.
dialog: All I need is the sports pages.
text: Kurt takes the newspaper, rolls it up and walks out of
dialog: the restaurant.
dialog: 117
scene_heading: 134. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - SHORTLY
speaker_heading: AFTERWARDS
text: Kurt comes back to his studio with the rolled-up
text: newspaper. He sits down on the stool in front of the
text: blank canvas. He places the newspaper on a side table,
text: where it slowly unrolls of its own accord.
text: He stares at the blank canvas for several moments.
text: Preusser appears.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: (scornful, angry)
dialog: "White on a white background"...
dialog: "Allegory of Emptiness"... Your father-
dialog: in-law?
text: Kurt remains silent.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: What an asshole.
text: Kurt still doesn't say anything. Preusser comes over,
text: trying to say something comforting.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, for the first time I’d like
dialog: somebody else to succeed more than me.
text: Kurt still doesn't turn round.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: Your mistake is that you're still bound
dialog: to the easel and canvas. Do something
dialog: with...
dialog: (looking round)
dialog: dust, or... broken glass or rubber
dialog: bands. Painting is just dead. Like folk
text: dancing and lace-making and silent
dialog: movies.
text: Kurt is too demoralized to discuss it.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: (with sympathy)
dialog: I only want the best for you, you know.
dialog: Otherwise I'd just let you go on like
dialog: this. I mean, it's too late for us to
dialog: become doctors now.
dialog: 118
dialog: 135.
dialog: 136
text: Kurt attempts to give him a friendly smile, which doesn't
text: quite work. Preusser goes back into his studio.
text: After staring at the blank canvas for a few more minutes
text: Kurt reaches for the newspaper, which has now unrolled
text: itself. The headline: NAZI MURDERER CAUGHT AFTER 16
text: YEARS. And a black & white picture of Kroll, a three-
text: quarters shot from behind, in a hat, guarded by a
text: policeman. Underneath the words: "Burghard Kroll
text: surrenders to authorities." Kurt stares at it for a long
dialog: time.
text: Suddenly he picks up a pencil (4B) and a ruler from his
text: table and quickly draws a grid over the picture.
text: With great dexterity he tears the photo out of the paper,
text: places the canvas sideways on the easel and pins the
text: photo to it with two drawing pins.
text: He picks up a stick of charcoal and copies the contour of
text: the picture on to the canvas as an outline.
text: And then he starts painting. He copies the photograph
text: precisely. In black and white. Until the picture is
text: finished and is identical to the photograph. And yet not
text: completely identical. Underneath the picture he paints
text: the precise letters of the caption of the newspaper,
dialog: freehand, as he used to do in the poster workshop:
text: BURGHARD KROLL SURRENDERING TO THE AUTHORITIES.
text: The picture is finished. One of the canvases is now a
dialog: completed painting.
text: Kurt turns off the light.
scene_heading: INT. KURT AND ELLIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Ellie is waiting for Kurt. She is surprised and
text: overwhelmed by his ardent greeting: before he has even
text: closed the door he kisses her, undresses her and takes
text: her with a passion he has not shown in a long time.
scene_heading: . INT. UNIVERSITY OF DUSSELDORF GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL -
scene_heading: STAIRS - MORNING
text: Kurt is washing the stairs with precision and enthusiasm.
text: He looks thoughtful. Almost content.
dialog: 119
scene_heading: 137. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - DAY
text: Kurt enters with his briefcase full of photographs. He
text: chooses one of them.
text: Kurt’s POV, a sort of POV OF THE PHOTOGRAPHS: When he has
text: chosen a picture he draws a grid on it and pins it to the
dialog: easel.
text: It is a picture of Aunt Elisabeth as a young woman,
text: holding little Kurt. She is smiling, while little Kurt is
text: gazing into the camera with a precociously serious
dialog: expression.
text: The picture takes shape on the canvas. Kurt even
text: recreates the texture of the photograph and the serrated
dialog: edge.
text: FLASH: HIS LAST MEMORY OF AUNT ELISABETH AS SHE IS TAKEN
text: AWAY AND MOUTHS THE WORDS THROUGH THE WINDOW OF THE
text: AMBULANCE: "NEVER LOOK AWAY!" HIS BLURRING OF THE IMAGE
text: SO IT WOULD BE BEARABLE.
text: Kurt gazes at the picture he has just painted, not yet
text: content with it. Something is missing. He picks up a fine
text: brush and uses it to blur the sharp contours.
text: Then he places the picture of Kroll’s arrest on the easel
dialog: and also blurs the contours here. Only now do_ the
text: pictures gain their full force.
text: Kurt goes out of the room to fetch something.
text: Preusser enters the empty studio and sees the two
text: pictures of Kroll and Aunt Elisabeth.
text: Kurt comes back with the episcope from the lecture
dialog: theater.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: (points to the pictures)
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I don't know either. But I think that's
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: (genuinely baffled)
text: Painted copies of photographs.
dialog: 120
text: Kurt laughs and closes the blinds. Preusser goes back
text: into his studio. Kurt has to close the interconnecting
dialog: doors to make his studio dark enough.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Sorry.
text: He turns on the episcope, pointing it at the blank
text: canvas. He puts a photograph under the episcope. We don't
text: see what the picture is, but from his reaction we see
text: that it doesn't have the effect he wants. He exchanges it
text: for another photograph. Still no good. And another.
text: Then he sees Seeband’s envelope on the table. He opens it
text: and takes out the passport photographs. He looks at them
dialog: and puts them underneath the episcope. That’s it.
text: He starts painting. All four of the passport photographs
text: in one picture. Seeband’s perfect poses, each very
dialog: slightly different.
text: He opens the large wooden shutters, and the room becomes
text: bright again. He leaves one of the windows open to get
text: some fresh air and gazes at the picture in the light of
text: day. It's ready. He puts it with the other two: now he
text: has three finished paintings.
text: He looks more closely at the picture of Aunt Elisabeth.
text: He sees one place where a brushstroke is not quite
text: perfect and puts it back on the easel to fix it.
text: A slight gust of wind causes one of the shutters to swing
text: closed. In the darkness the projected passport
text: photographs can suddenly be seen on the canvas alongside
text: the picture of Aunt Elisabeth. For one eerie moment Aunt
text: Elisabeth is standing next to Professor Seeband. Then the
text: shutter swings back open. Aunt Elisabeth is all alone
dialog: again.
text: Kurt freezes. He crosses to the window, hesitates and
text: then closes the shutter again, looking almost
text: apprehensive. The pictures fit together curiously well.
text: He places a fresh canvas on the easel and starts
dialog: painting.
text: Aunt Elisabeth and Professor Seeband, together again
dialog: after 20 years.
text: Once more, Kurt changes the image he is projecting on the
text: canvases: now Burghard Kroll is projected over the
text: picture. Almost like in a feverdream, the heads are so
dialog: 121
dialog: 138.
dialog: 139
dialog: 140.
text: close that they seem to be born out of one another, the
text: face of the accusing child in between.
scene_heading: INT. KURT AND ELLIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Ellie and Kurt, now just as close together. He is lying
text: on top of her, as they did so many years ago in Wiener
text: Strasse. They are bathed in sweat, breathless. Kurt moves
text: one arm slightly so his body covers hers precisely.
scene_heading: . INT. UNIVERSITY OF DUSSELDORF GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL -
speaker_heading: STAIRS - DAY
text: Cleaning the stairs in the hospital has become a welcome
text: exercise. Kurt is in a world of his own.
text: Suddenly Seeband enters through the main door with a
text: group of other medical dignitaries. He comes up the
text: stairs, and as they pass Kurt, Seeband clearly sees him
text: but doesn't say anything. When they have vanished above
text: him, Kurt carries on washing the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - DAY
text: Kurt is just stretching a new canvas when the door to his
text: studio opens.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (0.C.)
dialog: (harsh, arrogant)
dialog: I imagine you will understand why I
dialog: didn't introduce you this morning? It
dialog: would not have been appropriate.
text: He hangs his coat on a hook next to the door.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, how is the world of art? And even
dialog: more importantly: do you have my
dialog: passport? I've come to collect it.
text: Now he turns - and sees in front of him the picture of
dialog: Burghard Kroll.
text: FLASH: KROLL AND SEEBAND AT THE MEETING IN THE FUHRER'S
scene_heading: CHANCELLERY 20 YEARS EARLIER.
text: He sees the picture of Aunt Elisabeth.
dialog: 122
scene_heading: FLASH: THE YOUNG AUNT ELISABETH DESPERATELY CLUTCHING HIS
text: LEGS AND BEING DRAGGED AWAY BY THE ORDERLY.
text: He sees the picture of himself.
text: And then Seeband sees the picture of them altogether,
text: bodies and faces superimposed, united.
text: Seeband’s face twitches. But he can't look away.
text: Preusser enters. Seeband looks over at him briefly,
text: confused, then at Kurt, and then back at the pictures.
text: For the first time Seeband is not at all an imperious
text: figure. All his authority has vanished. He is a scared
text: old man. Very weak. A little man who is petrified of
dialog: Kurt.
speaker_heading: SEEBAND (CONT'D)
dialog: I... have to... go I'm afraid. Thank
dialog: you... excuse me.
text: He backs out as if unwilling to turn his back on the
text: paintings. His posture bent. He takes his coat, drapes it
text: over his arm and backs out of the door, closing it behind
dialog: him.
text: Preusser looks over at Kurt.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: Have you ever seen anything like that?
dialog: What did you say to him? What was wrong
dialog: with him?
text: Kurt is also staring over at the door incredulously,
text: still in agitation and excitement over what just
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: (honestly)
dialog: No idea.
text: The spell has been broken.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
scene_heading: 141. INT. UNIVERSITY OF DUSSELDORF GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL -
speaker_heading: STAIRS - DAY
text: As Kurt is washing the stairs, this time almost with a
text: smile on his face, the door opens once again - and
dialog: 123
dialog: 142.
dialog: 143.
dialog: 144
text: Preusser enters with Arendt Ivo and Adrian Schimmel. Each
text: of them is carrying a bucket, and they start helping
text: Kurt, fooling around. With a group of them doing the
text: dirty work, it turns out to be lots of fun.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. KURT AND ELLIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Naked embrace, passionate and close. They roll over the
text: bed and fall to the floor, rolling further, still
text: kissing, laughing.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - DAY
text: Now Kurt begins a spurt of productivity, and the canvases
text: (INTERCUT) get bigger and bigger.
dialog: - The nurses at Arnsdorf 48 cm x 60 cm
dialog: - Portrait of Johann with dog 80 cm x 60 cm
dialog: - Uncle Giinther, almost brought to life again in the
dialog: picture 87 cm x 50 cm
text: - The four-engined Lancaster bomber, complete with
text: bombs, over Dresden; a newspaper clipping 130 cm x
dialog: 180 cm
dialog: - The Seeband family at the beach 150 cm x 200 cm
dialog: - A door giving us the sense that something ominous
text: took place behind it, five panels 205 cm x 100 cm
text: Kurt stands in front of his own pictures, almost
text: surprised by them. Then he turns off the light.
scene_heading: . INT. KURT AND ELLIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Kurt opens the door. Ellie walks towards him gravely,
text: graciously, striding steadily like a queen.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: If you knew how beautiful you look right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: 124
dialog: I'm pregnant.
text: He is staggered.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: The fourth month. I went to the doctor.
dialog: The fourth month. We are going to be
dialog: parents!
text: Kurt sinks to his knees and embraces her, pressing his
text: head against her belly, kissing her belly, weeping.
text: Ellie herself can hardly believe it and also starts
dialog: weeping.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: We are going to be parents. We are going
dialog: to be parents.
scene_heading: 145. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE KURT’S
speaker_heading: STUDIO - DAY
text: Kurt is standing in the corridor with his camera, talking
text: to Ellie, who is inside his studio and peering out. Only
text: her head is visible.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: It's Sunday. There’s nobody here. I
dialog: promise.
text: Finally she steps out of the studio, looking nervous. She
text: is completely naked. He leads her to the stairs, runs
text: down to the floor below and stands on the landing,
text: looking up at her.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: Please, there’s nobody here. Please, like
dialog: yesterday. Please tell me again. And then
text: come down the stairs.
text: Ellie is hesitant at first but then resolves that if
dialog: she's going to do this, she will either have do it with
dialog: absolute dignity, or not at all.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'm pregnant.
text: And now she comes down the stairs, moving with gentle,
text: majestic steps, her head slightly lowered. Kurt is so
dialog: 125
dialog: 146
dialog: 147.
text: impressed that he forgets for a moment to take a
text: photograph. Then he does so.
scene_heading: . INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO -
speaker_heading: DAY/NIGHT
text: Kurt is painting a huge canvas, the biggest he has ever
text: stretched. It is his monumental picture "Nude on
text: Staircase". He has to climb a ladder to finish it.
scene_heading: INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - DAY
text: Kurt opens the shutters, and light floods into the
text: studio. Preusser, Arendt Ivo and Adrian Schimmel are
text: standing here, looking at the painting.
text: HIGH ANGLE: WE SEE THE MEN FROM BEHIND THE CANVAS, THE
text: TOP OF THE CANVAS IN THE BOTTOM EDGE OF THE SHOT.
text: Kurt looks over at his friends almost shyly. They are
text: engrossed in gazing at the picture.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: Now that's not potatoes, is it?
text: Ivo is about to respond but decides to continue looking
text: at the picture instead.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER (CONT'D)
dialog: Should we show it to van Verten? I think
dialog: we could find a gallerist for it.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Oh, what the hell! This doesn't deserve a
dialog: provincial gallerist. Kurt, what do you
dialog: say I become your gallerist?
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: Adrian Schimmel, the gallerist?
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Adrian Finck.
text: Ivo rests one hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: Ivo
dialog: You’re not as bad as you always pretend
dialog: to be, you know that?
dialog: 126
text: Adrian Finck stretches his hand out to Kurt Barnert.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: 50-50?
text: Kurt shakes on the deal.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: But first we don't sell a thing. First we
dialog: hold a big exhibition of your work, with
dialog: press conference and TV. International
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: PREUSSER
dialog: Paris?
dialog: (reverently)
dialog: New York?
text: Adrian Finck shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Documenta. Kassel.
dialog: He says this with such assurance that nobody doubts the
dialog: wisdom of his choice.
scene_heading: 148. INT. DOCUMENTA KASSEL — DAY
scene_heading: INSERT TITLE: Kassel 1968
text: A large modern exhibition hall with Kurt's paintings
text: hanging on the walls, some framed. A group of journalists
text: are here for the preview, strolling from one picture to
text: the next, gazing at them with interest. They are making
text: notes and recording their comments in Dictaphones.
text: So here they are, the "Nurses", the portrait of Kurt's
dialog: father as "Johann with Dog", Uncle Giinther as "Soldier"
text: Aunt Elisabeth and Kurt as "Mother with Child". The
text: Seebands are "Family at Beach", the portrait of Seeband’s
dialog: passport pictures simply "Portrait". The Lancaster
text: bomber. And in the middle, towering above everything, the
text: overwhelming "Nude on Staircase". There is only one
dialog: picture missing.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
scene_heading: 149. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - ANTONIUS VAN VERTEN’S
speaker_heading: OFFICE
dialog: 127
dialog: 150.
text: Van Verten enters his office. There is a painting on his
text: desk, wrapped in paper, with the traditional red bow. He
text: opens it. It is the overlapping portrait of Seeband,
text: Kroll, Aunt Elisabeth and young Kurt.
text: Van Verten sits down and gazes at it. He _ smiles
text: seriously. Then he picks up a hammer, hammers a nail into
text: the wall and hangs the painting behind his desk.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE:
scene_heading: INT. DOCUMENTA KASSEL - DAY
text: About 80 folding chairs have been set up on one side of
text: the exhibition hall, facing a podium with a table covered
text: in a black cloth and two chairs.
text: Attendants guide the journalists over to the press
text: conference. Kurt is sitting on the podium with the
text: director of documenta, ARTHUR KASTNER.
text: Ellie is standing at the back of the room, a one-year-old
text: child in her arms: a little girl. Kurt smiles over at
text: her. She raises the baby’s arm and waves back with it.
text: Adrian Finck is standing next to Ellie, excited but
dialog: happy.
text: Arthur Kastner taps the microphone.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR KASTNER
dialog: Are there any questions for Kurt Barnert?
text: He looks round. The last of the journalists are taking
dialog: their seats.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR KASTNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Then perhaps I will put the first
dialog: question. Herr Barnert, most of your
dialog: pictures are based on amateur photographs
dialog: or magazines. But the picture "Nude on
dialog: Staircase" is surely a homage to Duchamp?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Anybody who was expecting a longer explanation is
text: disappointed. A sprinkle of laughter. Kastner takes it
dialog: with good humor.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST #1
dialog: 128
dialog: The magnificent painting "Mother and
dialog: Child" we can see here. Who is depicted
dialog: there? You and your mother?
text: Kurt begins to speak, but we can hardly hear
text: technician pushes the microphone closer to him.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: No. It's just a snapshot. It doesn't
dialog: really matter to me who I paint.
text: The journalists murmur together.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST #2
dialog: But if you paint a portrait, you must
dialog: know the person...
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: It's actually better if I don't know
dialog: them.
text: Sounds of astonishment.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT'D)
dialog: Then I see better what is really there.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST #2
dialog: Is that the reasoning behind the passport
dialog: photographs from a machine? A photograph
dialog: without an author?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST #2
dialog: So by painting an army officer you are
dialog: not making a statement about the German
dialog: Army?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: No. I don't make statements. I make
dialog: pictures. Photographs. Photographs by
dialog: other means.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST #3
dialog: If you take even the composition from a
dialog: snapshot - surely that means everything
dialog: is very random?
speaker_heading: KURT
text: Not random. Real. Genuine. Consistent.
dialog: Only reality is consistent. Every reality
dialog: is consistent.
dialog: him. A
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST #4
dialog: What do you mean by that?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: If I say six numbers now it’s just
dialog: stupid, meaningless. But if the six
dialog: numbers are the winning numbers from the
dialog: lottery, then they mean something, they
dialog: have coherence, value, almost beauty...
dialog: and truth. That's how it is with the
dialog: photographs. I want the truth.
text: The journalists look impressed but also confused. Kurt
text: gazes at them calmly with his steel-gray eyes.
text: The baby begins to cry. Ellie tries to calm her, but she
text: can see there's no point. She gives Kurt a surreptitious
text: wave and walks off.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR KASTNER
dialog: Yes, Herr Meybert, your question?
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST #5
dialog: What will be next for you? More painted,
text: slightly blurred copies of photographs?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: No, I've had enough of them for a while.
dialog: Right now I'm interested in color charts.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST #5
dialog: Color charts?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Yes...
scene_heading: 151. INT. DOKUMENTA KASSEL - SHORTLY AFTERWARDS
text: Journalist #3 is standing in front of the picture of
text: Ellie on the stairs, holding a microphone. His CAMERAMAN,
text: a tall, thin hippie with a ponytail, doesn't look happy.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: (indicating the breasts and crotch)
dialog: That'll get us into trouble.
text: The journalist moves on to the next picture, the smiling
dialog: German soldier.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: 130
dialog: That'll get us into trouble as well.
text: The journalist looks round and comes over to stand in
text: front of the picture "Mother and Child". The cameraman
text: gives him the thumbs-up and starts filming.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST #3
dialog: Magazine images chosen at random,
dialog: passport photographs from machines,
dialog: snapshots from family albums - all
text: painted in blurry style. With these
dialog: pictures, which admittedly have genuine
dialog: force in some mysterious’ way, Kurt
text: Barnert seems on his way to becoming one
dialog: of the leading artists of his generation
text: - in painting, a supposedly long dead
dialog: medium. But, like so many of his
dialog: generation, he has no statement to make,
dialog: no stories to tell, and nothing to say.
dialog: He is rejecting artistic tradition, side-
dialog: stepping the auto-biographical and is
dialog: thus creating, perhaps for the first time
dialog: in the history of art... a body of work
text: in which the artist is almost irrelevant.
text: The camera CLOSES IN on the picture of "Mother with
text: Child" behind him until the reporter is OUT OF SHOT.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST #3 (O.C., CONT’D)
dialog: Was that good?
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN (0O.C.)
dialog: Super.
scene_heading: 152. EXT. DOCUMENTA KASSEL - NIGHT
text: Kurt comes out of the Fridericianum at night.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: You sure you don't want a lift to the
dialog: hotel?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: I'd like to walk a bit.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: You were good today. It was good. It's
dialog: going to be good.
text: Adrian drives off. Kurt turns up the collar of his coat
text: and sets off through the cold night.
dialog: 131
dialog: 153.
text: He comes past a large bus station: there must be 20 buses
text: here. After hesitating briefly he walks towards them.
scene_heading: EXT. KASSEL — CENTRAL BUS STATION - NIGHT
text: LONG SHOT: we see Kurt walk up to the cab of one bus and
text: speak to the driver.
text: Through the windshield of the bus we see the driver pick
text: up his radio and talk to the other drivers.
text: Kurt takes up position in the center, the buses all
text: around him. One of them hoots its horn, and then another.
dialog: In the last 25 years the quality of bus horns has
text: improved. A dozen buses are now hooting, creating a deep,
text: dense, moving drone. Kurt opens his arms as if to draw in
text: the sound and closes his eyes. He looks happier than ever
dialog: before.
scene_heading: FAST CUTS, AT HALF-SECOND INTERVALS: THE VARIOUS SURFACES
text: OF ABSTRACT PICTURES THAT ARE TO COME: LAYERS OF THICK
text: PAINT MERGING INTO ONE ANOTHER, MOVED WITH A WIDE BLADE.
text: DEEP RED GIVES WAY TO BRILLIANT YELLOW. BLUE TO GREEN,
text: GREY TO LILAC.
text: When the hooting stops, CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 132
dialog: 
