speaker_heading: WEVISTONS :
dialog: 2/12/90 Blue
speaker_heading: 2/14/90 Yellow
dialog: 2/23/90 Lavender
dialog: 3/12/90 White/Green
dialog: Cover
dialog: 3/26/90 Whites Pink
dialog: Cover
speaker_heading: NEW JACK CLDy
dialog: Written by
dialog: Barry Michael Cooper
dialog: Based on an) Original Sereenplay “Nioky'"
dialog: by Thomas Lee Wright
scene_heading: JACHAC FILM, Ie: JACHAG FILM, ING.
dialog: 4000 Warner Boulevard © 1989
dialog: Burbank, California SL5f2 All Rights Reserved
dialog: -
dialog: w
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT: NIGHTCLUB 1
text: The deepest bass, pulsating thunder of Yap music,
text: BODIES dance, twist, gyrate, fusing to the rhythm in a
text: spontaneous combustion of searing colored light.
speaker_heading: LOW ANGLE 2
text: The CAMERA SWIMS UPSTREAM through the DOPE BOYS and
text: their GALS, Tight skirts, slick neon flesh, the Roaring
dialog: Twenties of today, the New Jacks.
text: The CAMERA CONTINUES towards the back of the club,
text: PUSHING IN ON a narrow rectangular window as one by’ one,
text: FOUR FOURTEEN-YEAR-OLD BOYS, wearing black leather Mother
text: of Africa pendants and geometric #fros, squeeze through
text: the back~alley window, They drop to the around like
text: thieves, anxious to drink ip the latest cultural
dialog: phenomenon.
text: Suddenly a huge hand DROPS INTO FRAME like a vice eollaring
dialog: one of the boys,
speaker_heading: ROUNCER {05)
dialog: = done told you Pee Wee's, Play-
dialog: house Niggas to stay outta here!
scene_heading: EXT; ABLEY = NIGHT a
text: In one CONTINUAL FLUID CAMERA MOVE, WE FOLLOW as the
text: back door bursts open and the boys pitch out into the
text: slick alleyway like roaches with the light on, hollering,
text: ianghiag and slapping skin,
speaker_heading: MUSCLE BOY
dialog: (in hysterics)
dialog: Yo! Yo! He effed you up!
speaker_heading: DARK Kip
dialog: (mooning)
dialog: Kiss the baby, Hoe.
scene_heading: EXT: SPRERT ~ NIGHT 4
text: The boys iead us on @ surrealistic, fast-paced tour of
text: “the block,” Pre-dawn, eerie back-lit abandoned cars,
text: open fire hydrants, DEALERS; HUSTLERS Scrambling. An
text: OLD MAN sweeps up in front of bigs shop, One of the last
text: bastions cf sanity in a neighborhood under siege by the
dialog: Madness of crack,
dialog: i)
dialog: -
speaker_heading: cOoNnTD
text: Across the street a group cf bare-chested and bloated
text: MIDDLE“AGED JUNKIES soak down two Mercedes-Benz AMG 300Es.
text: Washing and worshipping the autos like golden calves.
speaker_heading: MUSCLE BOY
dialog: (as they pass)
dialog: Look at those monsters, Cleanin'
text: up after Doctor Frankenstein.
scene_heading: TALL-SLIM BOY
dialog: (as thay pass)
dialog: ‘Least it's honest, man, They
dialog: ain't breakin' no laws.
speaker_heading: MUSCLE BOY
dialog: You flippin? But I understand
dialog: it; you the ene wanted us to get
dialog: jebs at McDonald's ==
dialog: fas he and the other
dialog: boys snicker}
dialog: Why go for $3.00 an hour when
dialog: you can make $500 a day selling
dialog: rocks for Nina ~-
text: With the exception of the Tall-slim Boy ~- who looks
text: irritated -- the boys vigorously agree,
dialog: For the first time, WE CUT OUT of our FLULD ONE SHOT
dialog: and INTO --
scene_heading: HAND-HELD MODE (CINEMA, VERITE) 5
text: The CAMERA APPROACHES the boys as they take their places
text: on the stoop. A slinky, ainister opus of New Jack swing
text: kicks From a ghetto blaster on the bottom atep.
dialog: Vorce (as)
dialog: YO «a. you know where Nino Brown
dialog: lives?
text: The boys lesk up suspiciously, RIGHT INTO CAMERA, bracing
text: for action, As CAMERA CLOSES IN. TIGHTER aoe
speaker_heading: MLSCLE BOY a
dialog: And ... why shovid I tell you?
dialog: One day he paid me $100 to stand
dialog: in line and get him some fish and
dialog: chips, 'cause he didn't want to
dialog: get out of his Benz,
text: Muscle Boy sneers at the others; as the CAMERA PANS to
dialog: the Dark-Skinned kid,
dialog: 5
dialog: 17.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: contp 5
speaker_heading: VOICE (0S)
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: DARK KID
dialog: Tain't telling you shit. our
dialog: team took first place in his
dialog: baskethall tournament last
dialog: sunmer, and he bought the whole
text: team red Honda scooters.
dialog: (suddenly recognizing
dialog: Speaker)
dialog: YO. 12+ Yo! You 5-0. This
dialog: dude is a cop! A cop!
text: The CAMERA WHIPS AROUND as the four boys scatter, The
text: junkies panic and run, painting the street white with
text: suds, The CAMERA TEARS DOWN an alley after the Tali-Slim
dialog: Boy. High speed chase, combat style, Finally, the kid,
dialog: cornered and tired of running, says:
scene_heading: TALL-SLIM BOY
dialog: {right into camera)
dialog: Yeah ... I know where the fuck
dialog: Nino lives, He beat thie kid
dialog: who was scrambiin' for him with
dialog: a Louisville Slugger, poured
text: gasoline on him and set him on
dialog: fixe after he shorted him $5.00,
dialog: (beat; tears in eyes)
dialog: J hope you kill his black-heaarted ass, e
speaker_heading: OMITTED 6-16
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: THE CITY, MID-'a0's
scene_heading: EXT: MACOMBS BRIDGE - TRAPFIC PASSING - NIGHT 17
dialog: Not much; it's late at night, Then --
speaker_heading: SCREAMING MAN 18
text: suspended over the side of the bridge, It is twenty
dialog: stories down to the water,
text: The muscle-man mountain holding the screaming man is
text: DAVID. "DUK DUH DUH" MAN BUTLER, Nino Brown's 25-year-—
text: old stuttering force of one, Dressed in subdued Gucei
text: pole shirt and gabardine slacks, pbuh Duk Ouh man has
text: the screaming man by his ankles; he is screaming at the
text: top of his lungs, Screaming man loses 2 shoe. Dub buh Duh
text: holds it in his hand, (NOTE: He will stutter at the
dialog: director's discretion,)
dialog: 18
dialog: fee
speaker_heading: CcONTD 18
speaker_heading: DUR DUE Sur
dialog: Dam.
text: Drops the shoe. Down it goes, SPLISH, The black
text: Harlem River swallows it whole.
text: Screaming man now dangles by one leg.
text: A YUPPY BLONDE with evening clothes begs them not to
text: drop her drug-dealing boyfriend who looks like a young
dialog: investment, banker,
speaker_heading: YUPPY CHICK
dialog: Please, please, let my baby got
dialog: He's bean one of your best sales-
dialog: men -- you'll get the money.
text: RONNIE "NINO" BROWN gets out of a white Jeep; 27 years
text: old, taut and dangerous-looking man shark carrying 4
text: walking stick with a silver lion's head on it. He walks
text: over, smiles and comforts the girl. She gives him a
dialog: bewildéred, pitiful Look,
speaker_heading: NINO ! i
dialog: It's okay, matam. That's) just
dialog: what we're planning to do, Ler
dialog: Him go. \
text: Nino cold-cocks the woman with left hook -- stie's out
text: like a light. Stepping over the sprawiled-out body, he
text: walks to the edge.
speaker_heading: NING (contd)
text: Take off his other shoe,
text: Nino pulls the lion's head off his cané, REVEALING it's
text: a@ dagger. He slices open the man's foot,
speaker_heading: SCREAMING MAN
dialog: Oh, no! Plisase, young blood!
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: {(caxving)
dialog: Don't start bitchin' up now,
dialog: Heywood, I told you not to be
dialog: smokin' that zootie.
speaker_heading: SCREAMING MAN
dialog: On please, my God in heaven, Nino,
dialog: no, please. Give me another chance,
dialog: I -- I owe ont so much money, bue
dialog: r'll pay you! dust give me some
dialog: time!
dialog: vi
speaker_heading: a CONTD 48
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Brothers don't wait to get paia.
dialog: Money talks and bullshit runs
dialog: the marathon,
text: Nino neds. Dph Duh Duh grabs hig pant legs. The pants
text: slides off.
text: Screaming man falls through the dark night. SPLISH,
dialog: Silence,
text: Ning walks back to the Jeep. No remorse, it's just a job.
text: Duh Duh Duh looks over the edge.
speaker_heading: DUH DUH DUH
dialog: Can't Sée nothin".
text: Duh Duh Duh tosses the pants and returns to the Jeep,
text: He and Nino drive off,
speaker_heading: i3 ON PaNTS ig
text: floating south, down the dark currents of the Harlem
dialog: River.
scene_heading: 139A aT: HARLEM - WHITE LETPERING ON HUGE OUTDOOR 19a #
speaker_heading: MURAL = DAY
text: CAMERA, PANS DOWN toward the street ag we hear the
text: Lord's Prayer. ‘The CAMERA COMES TO REST ON:
speaker_heading: 198 THO MEN 19B
text: standing on the western corner of 129th Street and
dialog: St. Nicholas Avenue, Tt is summer ~- dusk —— Friday
dialog: night.
text: MICHAEL “scoTTY" APPLETON, the handsome but more
text: threatening-léoking guy, looks at the slightly younger -~
text: Somewhat comic-faged -—- RENNY "POOKIE" RORERTSON. As
text: Pookie bows his head, reciting the Lord's Prayer,
text: Scotty looks on in disbelief and impatience.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: Amen .+. ?
text: Pookie looks up at Scotty, smiles,
speaker_heading: ‘ POOKIE
dialog: IT like to say a ocrayer before I
dialog: Start scramblin', Keeps everybody
dialog: honest. See what I'm sayint>
dialog: igs
speaker_heading: igc
speaker_heading: 19D
speaker_heading: L9E
dialog: lor
speaker_heading: CONTD 198
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: Whatever .., What's your price?
speaker_heading: POOKTE
dialog: Seventeen,
dialog: scotty
dialog: Seventeen thousand for a kilo?
dialog: That's pretty steep, my brother.
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: This ain‘’t Delancey Street, and
dialog: you ain't ganha jew me down,
dialog: homeding, That's my price ...
dialog: Take it or leave it.
text: They just look at each other, brying to stare each other
text: down, waiting each other out,
dialog: scorry
dialog: Come on, my brother. God is
dialog: with you, right? Fourteen kay,
speaker_heading: BOOKIE
dialog: (antsy)
dialog: It's getting late, man. You
dialog: wanna do this correct, or not?
dialog: Seventeen.
text: Scotty frowns, He shuffles from side to side.
text: Reluctantly, ne hands his attache,
speaker_heading: S5corry
dialog: it's ali there,
text: Pookie apens the attache.
scene_heading: ANGLE — INSIDE ATTACHE CASE ig¢
text: Neat bundles of 20 and 50-dollar bills in mibber bands.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE igb
text: Pookie nervously locks up at Scott,; he spits a glob of
text: green mucus in Scotty's face, punches hin in the stomach,
text: and takes off up the hill. Seotty stumbles -- wipes his
text: face -- gives chase,
scene_heading: BXT; PARK - DAY 158
dialog: Hamilton Park; hroken-down swings, teeter-totters, monkey
text: bars, YOUNG CHILDREN and their TEENAGE MOTHERS watch as
text: Scotty chases Pookie into basketball court, 19F
dialog: 7*
speaker_heading: \oF CONTD 19F
text: Pookie pulls a cheap revolver from his pants waist -~
text: fires at Soutty -- misses. Mothers grab children to
dialog: protect them.
speaker_heading: 196 =ANGLE ig9G
text: dust before Pookie reaches the crowded basketball court,
text: with a cowboy-cock of his head, Scotty removes a nine
text: millimeter from his pent-waist, and shoots Sookie in the
text: ankle. Pookie screams, drops, Attache Falls: bundles
text: of money are scattered around the corrt. ‘The ‘HOOPSTERS
dialog: -- a mix af street guys, older blue-collar guys, and even
dialog: a shirt-tie-and-gabardine-slacks guy we will Later come
dialog: to know as KAREEM AKBAR -~ look ,., but no one makes 2
text: stupid move. Scotty gathers the money, places it back
text: into the attache. He looks in Pookie's attache -- it's
text: stuffed with newspaper, Yookie calls for help. Scotty,
text: the hip-hop supercop, goes over and punches him in head
dialog: and face,
speaker_heading: SCorTry
dialog: You think you slick, filthy,
dialog: blasphemous, dopefiend mutha-
dialog: fucka. Hawk-spit in my face?
dialog: And then try toa shoot me, too?
dialog: Slick this ,..
speaker_heading: yorcn #1
dialog: Yo, he's messin! that kid up ...
speaker_heading: VOICE #2
dialog: Beatin" his monkey ass .,.
speaker_heading: VOICE #3
dialog: Uh-on, five-oh, y'all.
text: Sirens scream out, but Scotty doesn't hear them, because
text: he's wrapped up in his asaault. Other guy is screaming
dialog: for help.
scene_heading: \9H ANGLE - POUR UNIFORMED OFFICERS 19H
text: rum into the crewded court, and try to yank Scotty oft
text: o£ his victim -- A fellow officer, HOWARD BRICKS, tries
dialog: to calm him down,
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: Let ‘im go, Seotty. You got him,
dialog: you got him ...
speaker_heading: ScoTTY
dialog: “EFf" that, man, He spit in my
dialog: face, and tried to rob me —
speaker_heading: 19H CONTD 19H
text: Scotty is strong; he wrestles away from two officers,
text: until all four finally pin him on the ground, huffing
text: and puffing.
dialog: 20- 20-
speaker_heading: 228 OMITTED 223
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO;
scene_heading: 23 EXT: SILL ROBINSON BASKETBALL COURT - DAY 23
scene_heading: GERALD "GEE MONEY” WELLS, 23 -- Nino's loyal right~hand
dialog: man ~~ plays a pickup baskethall game, Gee Money makes
dialog: shot,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Pay the bill, pay the bill,
dialog: Pay up, ducks.
text: DOPE BOYS reluctantly hand over the cash. Gee Money
text: walks over to a park bench to take a breather, He counts
dialog: Up the spoils,
speaker_heading: a4 ANGLE — NINO a4
text: arrives at the curb in the Jeep. Duh Duh Duh leans on
dialog: the horn.
text: See Money looks up, and smiles, seeing that it's his
text: partners-in-crime, He jogs aver to the Jeep, ané@ gets
text: in, Dah Duh Duh pulls off.
scene_heading: 25 INT: JREP - DAY 25
text: Ninc pats Gee Money on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Man, you ‘member when we played
dialog: for Reverend Qates on the moaB
dialog: “Biddy” squad.
scene_heading: GES. MONEY
dialog: Yeah, I was 11, and you was 13,
dialog: and were the baddest backoourt.
dialog: in each~one=teach—one,
speaker_heading: NINO.
dialog: (gets serious)
dialog: Yeah, well, that was when we wasn’t
dialog: makin* no money, And now that we
dialog: are, you out here shootin' jumpers
dialog: and what not. Business must be good,
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: CONTR Bs
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Tt will be. Peep this out.
text: Gee Money pulls a tiny vial from the jacket of Kis
text: sweatsuit. It is filled with small pieces of white-
text: colored rocks, that look like chips of seap. Nino
text: studies the vial, and then Gee Honey.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Pree base. So what?
speaker_heading: DUH DUR DUH
dialog: ¥o, you know the miles. Us brothers
dialog: don't get high.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Aw, shut up and drive, ya non-
dialog: talkin' bastid,
text: Nino gives Gee Money a concerned look,
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: My brother, my brother. You heen
dialog: makin' money outside the family?
text: Gee Money is hutt and offended. As he tries to play it
dialog: oft.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: I have been doing a little exper-
dialog: imentin',
speaker_heading: NTWG
dialog: How you mean?
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
text: At the clubs. After some of the
dialog: fellas would step away from the
text: blackjack table, and the bar, and
dialog: get ready to buy a fiddy or a hundred
dialog: dollars' worth of sniff, I would set
text: themup with a hit of base in the hack
dialog: room, And yo, fifteen ~inutes after
dialog: leaving the cluh, they would be
dialog: back, With two or three people with
dialog: "em, And bus’ this ...
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Wheat?
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: 25 conTD 28
speaker_heading: GEE SONRY
dialog: They didn't come bask for the
dialog: cocaine, They came back to buy
dialog: the base.
text: Nino looks at Gee Money, and then out Jeep's window. He
dialog: is in deep thought,
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: You soundin' like this is gonna
dialog: ghange the world.
speaker_heading: GEE HONEY
dialog: I don't know about all that, All
dialog: I know is that hard-core, career
dialog: dope fiends, and even the cokeheads
dialog: like the number runiners from way
dialog: Rack -- Cisco Kid and Billy Bucks =-
dialog: be comin’ into the clubs to get a
dialog: taste of the base, They oe goin'
dialog: ¢razy over this, Nina. And the
dialog: bitches? -~ They'll do anything
dialog: for it.
dialog: {evil smile)
dialog: I got my bovack done every day
dialog: last week. Several times a day,
text: Gee Money has Nina's undivided attention.
text: Nino is quiet for a moment, absorbing everything that
dialog: he's just heard.
speaker_heading: WINO
dialog: Let me think about this.
scene_heading: a6 EX: HARLEM STREET - DAY 26
text: Duh Duh Duh Man and Gee Money are riding in the Jeep.
text: It is late morning. They cruise steadily, aimost slowly,
scene_heading: a? ANGLE = INSIDE ROVER 27
text: Gee Money looks out the window, eyeing each street
dialog: eormer -- east te west -+ as af he is lodking for
dialog: someone,
speaker_heading: DUH DBA DUH
dialog: So you really think this base is
dialog: the new, high-powered shit, huh?
dialog: 27
dialog: 25
dialog: ii
speaker_heading: cONTD 27
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: No question. We gonna come ofk,
dialog: and in a big muh-fuckia' way, too.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Wait -- yo, there’s Keisha, up
text: there on the corner of 129th Street,
speaker_heading: DUR DUH DUH
dialog: Uhroh, Lock like she gettin! ready
dialog: to beat somebedy down,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 28
text: A gorgeons, coffge—colored young woman stands near Volvo
text: in the doorway of a run-down tenement, This is KEISHA
text: LEWIS, 20, & member of Nino's crew. She is sinewy, built
text: like a swimmer, She argues with TWO YOUNG WHITH ROYS in
text: an expensive Volvo, with Connecticut plates. She is
text: holding one of them by the face, The white boys are
dialog: terrified.
speaker_heading: WHITE BOY #1
dialog: Get the fuck off me, you nigger
dialog: bitch.
speaker_heading: KEISHA
dialog: YO pale muthafucka, don't play
dialog: with me, ‘cause I ain't your moms;
dialog: Bitch askin me some shit, Like,
dialog: “Am I selling pussy and cocaine?"
speaker_heading: WHITE BOY f1
dialog: Right, Just get your fuckin' hands
dialog: off me.
text: Keisha pulis up her shirt and removes a wine-millimeter
text: from the waist of her jeans. Wear white boys yell Like
dialog: giris.
speaker_heading: KEISHA
dialog: Shut. the fuck up and get out the
dialog: car, Both of you! Mow!
text: White boys get out of the Volvo, whimpering, shaking.
text: They are in their early twenties and dressed like Tvy
dialog: League preppies.
text: Keisha trains the gun on them. SEE she is enjoying this.
speaker_heading: KEISHA (contd)
dialog: Is that what you think of all black
dialog: women? Nigger bitches?
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: CONTD ae.
speaker_heading: WHITE BOYS
dialog: (sounding Like
dialog: little girls)
dialog: No! No!
speaker_heading: KEISHA
dialog: Did you know that black women rule
dialog: the world? Did you know that 1
dialog: come from a line of royalty; like
dialog: the Queen of Sheba, and Nefertiti?
dialog: Bid you dumb, racist asses know
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: WHITE BOYS
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: Yes! Yes!
speaker_heading: XEILSHA
dialog: Kill that noise? Get on your knees,
dialog: and lick the ground,
text: White boys look at each other, bewildéred, Keisha clicks
dialog: the cartridge of the "nine."
text: The white boys seem indignant,
text: Keisha fires a shot over their heads; white boys begin
text: bowing and licking the ground.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 29
text: Gee Money and Duh Duh Duh pull up in the Jeep. SEE and
text: hear them laughing it up.
text: Gee Money jumps ovt of the car and grabs Keisha play-
text: fully, The white boys mn to their Volvo and speed off.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Whas up, baby doll? You tryin'
dialog: to put heads to bed early in the
dialog: morning, or what?
speaker_heading: KETSHA
dialog: Tryin'd to teach them dumb basti
dialog: somethin‘t about our history.
speaker_heading: GER MONEY
dialog: Get in the car, Miss Garvey. We
dialog: got an important meeting tonight, *
text: Gee Money and Keisha get in the Jeep, They all drive of€,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To;
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 13
scene_heading: EXT: HARLEM NIGHTSPOT - NIGHT 30
dialog: Welcome to the Spotlite on this late August night.
text: Hear the powerful thunder of rap music muffled behind
text: the thick oak doors pf the club, The entrance under
text: the awning is well-lit.
text: SEE the cars pulling up to the entrance of the club: BMW,
text: BENZ -~ Jeep. Nattily-dressed TEENAGE BOYS and GIRLS
text: depart from the expensive chariots.
text: The music is loud. Jungle drums, jungle rhythms, and
dialog: jungle words. Everything you know and Hate about black
text: youth. OLD SQULS with junior high school faces sit at
text: the bar drinking from splits of Dom Perignon and Moet
dialog: and run head games on the gangster GROUPIES = "stunts"
dialog: -- in tight silk skirts,
text: SEE bodies twist, gyrate, and contort,
text: Nina, Duh Duh Duh, and Gee Money make their way back to
text: the offices in the Spotlite; the dancing throng parts
text: like the Red Sea, paying reverential deference to the
text: kingpin as he walks past -+
speaker_heading: ANGLE aL
text: Seotty is dancing with TWO FINE YOUNG WOMEN as Nino
text: Walks by -~+ Both men make brisf eye contact -- Nino
text: and his boys then disappear --
scene_heading: INT; OFFICE - NIGHT 32
text: This office/conference room in ‘the back of the Spotlite
dialog: is plush, but not gauagy. Wino; Gee Money, Keisha,
text: Duh Duh Duh, SELINA, Nino's 28-year-old, boxom, attractive
text: Donna Karen-clad girlfriend, and Kareem Akbar -- the same
dialog: handsome (Buppy) brother we saw at the baskethall court
dialog: earlier -~
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: {condescending)
dialog: You must like slumming, Kareem,
dialog: What would make a high-class guy
dialog: like you leave a good computer
dialog: programming job at Citibank, come
text: uptown and work among a den of
dialog: thiaves?
text: laughter from the crew.
speaker_heading: KAREEM
text: A blind man in the dark could see
dialog: that. Arithmetic and common sense,
dialog: the difference between the #00
dialog: dollars a wesk and 6,000 a week.
dialog: 3z
speaker_heading: CONTD
dialog: i4
speaker_heading: SELINA
dialog: My cousit also likes the fact that
dialog: you're in the tradition of Joe
dialog: Kennedy.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Good -- Because you gotta Tob to
dialog: get rich in the Reagan-Bush era,
text: They running a strange program,
dialog: yrall.
speaker_heading: REISHA
dialog: I'm teliing you.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: «ee This is an administration that
dialog: Creates an aconomic situation --
dialog: more poor and disenfranchised people
dialog: than this country has ever known --
text: and then pretends it doesn’t exist.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Meanwhile, the rich get richer ...
speaker_heading: KAREEM
dialog: eee And richer ...
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: But since Gee Money told me six
dialog: months ago that the cocaine glut
dialog: in our clubs couid be used to an
dialog: advantage, Reaganomics hes given
dialog: us a hell of an opportunity. A
dialog: lst of people have given up on
dialog: hope, And that's gonna make us
dialog: rich,
text: SEE Nino remove a vial, of base from his pocket, and
text: Place it im the middle of the table,
speaker_heading: NINO (contd)
dialog: In times like this, people wanna
dialog: got high. Real high. And real
dialog: ast.
text: Gee Money picks up and scrutinizes it.
scene_heading: GEE. MONEY
dialog: ¥o, it looks like base, but it
dialog: ain't,
dialog: 32
text: KEISHA empties yial on table and cuts the contents with
dialog: a knife,
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: CONTD
dialog: 15*
dialog: a2
speaker_heading: KETSHA
dialog: What? People crazy over something
text: that looks like cracked-off pieces
dialog: of soap?
speaker_heading: NINO.
dialog: It takes too much caine to make base
dialog: =~ ain't no real profit in base -~ it's
dialog: too expensive and it's too much trouble.
dialog: And like you Gee ifoney I also have been
dialog: doing some experimenting and Aiscovered
dialog: by cutting the caine with comeback we
dialog: make more product not less .,, It's just
dialog: like turning iron into gold! This is
dialog: going to changs our future. Just like
dialog: big business when you change your product
dialog: you change your marketing strategy.
dialog: Gone ate the days of sellin!’ on street
text: corners, in dark alleys, or in the
dialog: bathroom of some bummy-ass bar, When
dialog: there's too many different places to
dialog: look after, too many different things
dialog: can go wrong --
speaker_heading: GRE MONEY
dialog: Yo, Ning, fT don't get it. Whaddup?
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: It's abourt combination and consolidatin’,
dialog: that's whaddup,
speaker_heading: KAREEM
dialog: (starting to understand)
dialog: What're yoy planning to take over,
dialog: some building?
text: Wino paces the room like a military strategist ~-
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: The Carter apartments ...
text: Everyone reacts.
speaker_heading: NINO {contd)
dialog: fhat’s right, we're gonna take over a
dialog: whole apartment complex. We'll set up
dialog: 2 lab to make the product, Kareem can
text: hook up a computer system to keep track
dialog: of money, product and workers. We'll have
dialog: a sacurity foree to scresn customers,
dialog: ward off rival crews, and lockouts to
dialog: alert us of police. One place to sell
dialog: our preduct, one place to collect our
dialog: money. Wetll own this fuckin' city.
text: TkKe brothers look at each other; it dawns on them thet
dialog: this is a brilliant, ground-breaking plan ...
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: conrtD
dialog: 16”
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: NINO (contd)
dialog: This city will bevome New Jack
dialog: city.
speaker_heading: DUS DUH DUH
dialog: Youse a genius, Nino, A pure,
dialog: stone, undulated -~ I mean, unta-
dialog: Tutite =-
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Man, please shut the fuck up,
dialog: before yon have a seizure, or
dialog: something.
text: Everyene laughs.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY (contd)
dialog: Nino, my brother, it ig a brilliant
dialog: plan,
dialog: (worried)
dialog: What about the fede trying to bum
dialog: rush the operation, Nino?
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: (calm)
dialog: i've got a plan for that, too,
dialog: (grin)
dialog: i call it the December 7th,
dialog: “December 7th Plan" in full effect.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: {undérstanding)
dialog: YOu are a genius, Nino.
dialog: Nina smiles,
speaker_heading: NINO.
dialog: A few things do concern me, thauwali.
dialog: Qne: Fat Smitty controls the
dialog: seramblers around the Carter, it's
dialog: time tq sing that Fat Bitch a lullaby!
speaker_heading: KEISHA
dialog: ‘smiles)
dialog: Rock~-abye baby.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: He's as good as Elvis, Nino,
dialog: What's the other thing you were
dialog: gonna speak on?
dialog: lie
speaker_heading: $2 CoNTD 32
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: vx» Let's buy a little coopération,
dialog: a little loyalty and respect,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: (puzeted)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: I was thinking we could build a
dialog: community center for the Moab
dialog: Church. A place where kids could
dialog: play bail, get tutered, etc.
speaker_heading: SELINA
dialog: Reverend Oates is gonna love that.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: last, but not least, we need a name
dialog: for the product, Some shit that
dialog: People will recognize immediately.
speaker_heading: KAREEM
dialog: White rock?
speaker_heading: GEE MOWEY
dialog: Nah, man. How about Keisha's
dialog: desoription,
speaker_heading: KEISHA
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: What, saap?
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: No, cracked off pieces of soap,
dialog: Why not just call it crack, Ninos
speaker_heading: 33 LOCEE — NINO 33
text: a crazy glint in his eyes. A sly smile.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Damm. Crack.
speaker_heading: 334 9 OMITTED 33a *
dialog: theo thro
speaker_heading: i3F 3a
scene_heading: 34 EXT: BUSY CORNER - HARLEM - DAY 34
text: Near southern corner of the Carter Projects, cats are
text: pulling up to YOUNG MEN in dreads and multicolored knit
text: caps; SHE young men exchange small manile envelopes
dialog: 34
dialog: 36
dialog: 47
dialog: a8
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: 1g4
speaker_heading: CONTD aA
dialog: for cash coming from éXtended arms from tie driver's
text: side of the cars, Marley's "Redemption Song" watts from
text: a red Jeep on that corner.
speaker_heading: ANGLE 35
text: Gee Money's white Jeep pulls up to the corner. Keisha
dialog: and Duh Duh Duh accompany Gee Money outside,
speaker_heading: ANGLE a6
text: In front of the red Jeep, a fat but somewhat muscular
text: man in his late 40's, SINCLAIR SMITH, aka FAT SMITTY,
text: dressed in work coveralls, slaps around TWO YOUNG ~
text: SALESMEN, Cursing them out in a thick Carihhean eccent,
speaker_heading: ANGLE 37
text: Gee Money leans out. of white Jeep's back-seat window,
dialog: and yells:
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Yo, Pat Smitty. C"mere fora
dialog: minute, 1 need to speak with
dialog: you.
text: Fat Smitty turns around, angry and confused.
speaker_heading: PAT SMITTY
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Old man, I'm here to tell that
dialog: out of all of the blocks in this
dialog: fair city, Nine Brown has picked
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: PAT SMIPTY
dialog: Who the fuck is Nino Brown ...
dialog: What the ...
text: Pat Smitty is furious -- goes on a rampage, yelling,
text: cursing, kicking the white Jeep's doors --
speaker_heading: INSIDE JEEP 38
text: Gee Money looks at Keisha; she removes her "nine" from
text: the Waistband of her pants, clicks the cartridge,
speaker_heading: ANGLE 33
text: SEE Keisha open the door af the Jeep, and jump our.
text: Before the bewildered wildman has a chance to react,
dialog: aga
dialog: 40,
dialog: thru
dialog: 65
dialog: 46
dialog: 19
dialog: cento ig
text: Keisha puts the "nine" right next to his temple, ahd
text: pulls the trigger twice,
text: Blood flies everywhere; it splattsrs the white Jeep,
text: Fat Smitty falls in the street, shaking as if he's having
text: a seizure. Activity on the street is frozen -- SOME
text: PEOPLE run for cover. Keisha kicks trembling body of
text: Fat Smitty out of the way, ang jumps back in the white
text: wees It jets off. Hear Gea Money's voice as they pull
dialog: off:
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Now that's how you kill a low-
dialog: level drug dealer, my brothers,
dialog: Get right up on the muthafucka
dialog: and bye-yow! ... blow his mutha-
dialog: fuckin" brains all over the
text: sidewalk. In broad daylight.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 40
dialog: ‘thru
dialog: as
scene_heading: INT: GOTHIC CATHEDRAL - DAY 46
text: The REVEREND walks down the aisle through the huge
text: Cathedral, Some churches are huilt as monuments to Gad.
dialog: Thie one was byilt to house him. In short, it's splendid.
text: The Reverend, a little awed by it all, site in the front
text: tow, waiting. Suddenly Nino appears behind the startled *
dialog: Reverend.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: i asked you to join me here because
dialog: one day; Reverend, you're going to
dialog: haya a church just like this or
dialog: better, No more second-rate
dialog: anything,
text: Phe Reverend just stares,
dialog: Nino {contd}
dialog: You know something?
text: Nine dumps 4 plastic bag of neatly bundled $106 bills =
text: out. The Reverénd is pleased. Nino smells the bundles
dialog: of bills,
speaker_heading: NINO icontd)
dialog: I love the smell] of money; old
dialog: money, new money, Just as long
dialog: as it's real money.
dialog: 46
dialog: ao
speaker_heading: CONTD 45
speaker_heading: REVEREND :
dialog: Now that's a sin I havent heard
dialog: of, son.
text: Nine smiles at the Reverend,
speaker_heading: NINO.
dialog: Why you always call me that? T'm
dialog: net your son.
speaker_heading: REVEREND
dialog: I don't calls you son ‘cause ya
dialog: mine, I calls ya Sun ‘cause ya
dialog: shine,
dialog: They laugh,
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Well, this is only my first
dialog: charitable donation == $400,000
dialog: += to the community; between me
dialog: and you on the "Q.'.," of course,
speaker_heading: REVEREND
dialog: Gf course. Thank you. Now we
dialog: gan finish construction on the
dialog: community center in léss than a
dialog: Year. The basketball courts in
dialog: Bill Robinson are too raggedy,
dialog: and the kids need a place to play
dialog: when it gets cold,
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Set,
text: Nino looks into plastic bag, and takes out one more hurdle
text: of money, and throws it on table -- in Reverend's lap.
speaker_heading: NING (contd)
dialog: Psyche. You thought © forgot
dialog: about your daughter Mary's
dialog: wedding. Here’s $50,000.
dialog: ewerend Ostes is plenassd.
speaker_heading: REVEREND
dialog: Bless you, son.
speaker_heading: NINO
text: She's gatting a good man in
dialog: that kid, Phil Mekie. Hel=s
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: aé
dialog: 46a
speaker_heading: 46B
dialog: 460
speaker_heading: 46D
dialog: zi
speaker_heading: conTD 46
dialog: rookie, but he’s a smart cop; he
dialog: knows when to call me,
text: Nino exits, WE HOLD ON a slightly troubled Reverend, +
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: TWO YEARS LATER
scene_heading: EXT; HARLEM BUILDING - COME UP TO PULL COLOR ~ DAY 46A
text: Black Fury rells up on Harlaém brownstone near 13¢th and
text: 7th Avenue. Building is a series of renovated cando
dialog: apartments.
text: Three men jump ont. "DEE-TEE" BRICKS, 30's, handsome,
dialog: Brooks Brothered Federal District Attorney; VIC MORRTO,
dialog: tough white wiseass, crew cnt, one hoep earring, leather *
dialog: jacket, combat boots, 29's -= Special narcotics agent --
text: and special surveillance expert PARK guards copiously
text: stoop as Morrio and Bricks mun into the building.
scene_heading: INT: scorry's LOFT = DAY 463
dialog: Raw space, lot of light. WE PAN an extensive book
text: collection, framed photos of Malcolm and Garvey.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - BATHROOM
text: A beautiful girl, MARTA, fxeshens up in the mirror,
text: meticulously painting pouty Lips.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE IN LIVING ROOM
text: Scotty checks himsel£ in the living reom mirror, adjusts
text: his Afrig¢an robe.
text: The girl starts to strip off her office elothes, opens
text: her briefcase. Removes sexy lingerie from a gift box
dialog: marked, “Love, Scotty.”
text: Scotty throws his most seductive record on the stereo,
text: augmenting the mood and fluffs up the bed in anticipation.
scene_heading: INT: BRGWNSTONE STAIRCASE 46C
text: Armani cap toes run upstairs.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE BP - SILK STOCKINGS 46D
text: being rolled up long, shapely legs, Then fastened with
dialog: @ garter at the thigh,
text: Scotty opens the bed, pauses, then clases it back up so
dialog: it doesn't cone off deliberate,
dialog: ded
dialog: son
speaker_heading: 46F
speaker_heading: CONTD 46D
text: She lets down her hair, looking devastating,
text: Scotty lights incense, last-minute cologne check.
text: Remembers something, pulls an Uzi and a revolver fron
text: under the bed pillow and stashes tham under the bed just
text: as his lady steps ont of the bathroom. For the first
text: time WE REVEAL her in her new high=cut lingerie. she is
dialog: @ knockout.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: (qrins)
dialog: Baby, you got a body to make a
dialog: vibrator work without batteries,
text: She smiles, Lies down seductively beside Scotty.
speaker_heading: MARTA
dialog: It's been too long,
scene_heading: EXT: LOFT DOOR 46E
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE UP - MORRIO
text: expertly picks Scotty's complicated locks with high-tech
dialog: hardware.
speaker_heading: Int: LOFT aor
text: Maria gazes up into Scotty's eyes. Ue seems momentarily
text: distracted, then she kisses him .,: Suddenly instinctively,
text: the man pulls her to the floor as Bricks; weapon drawn,
text: leaps in from the now open fire eacape and Morrio busts
dialog: in throudh the door,
text: Door busts open; Morrio and Bricks train guns. They
text: both. freeze, There on the floor is Scotty's Uzi trained
text: on Morrio; his pistol covering Brick's eretch. It's a
dialog: Mexican stand-off,
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: It one of you motherfuckers even
dialog: breathes, you'll sing the part
dialog: on “Always and Forever."
speaker_heading: BRickKS
dialog: (nodding to Morrioj
dialog: Thank you, Detective Morrio.
text: Morrio lowers his weapon slowly with a sardonic grin.
text: There is instant tension between Scotty and himself,
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: He looks like a bitch to me.
speaker_heading: 46P
speaker_heading: cONTD 46F
speaker_heading: scoTTy
dialog: Whar did you say?
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (scratching his
dialog: groin)
dialog: Huh? Oh, I said, I got an itch.
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: (trying te break
dialog: tension}
dialog: So you skeezin', or what?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (exits to bathroom;
dialog: pissed]
dialog: I don’t believe this shit!:
speaker_heading: scoTrTY
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Baby, please listen ,.,
dialog: (to Bricks)
dialog: You're still a silly-dilly
dialog: motherfucker!
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: And you're a too-far mother-
dialog: fucker; remember that kid, you
dialog: almost killed that kid. I told
dialog: you about that hiphop cop stuff.
dialog: Tt's irrational. This ain't a
dialog: War zone,
text: Morrio makes himself at home, nosing through Scotty's
text: book collection. scotty eyes him, disconcerted, Morrio
text: stops and coolly peeks in at Scotty's lady getting
text: dressed in the bathroom,
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Wrong.
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Like Halcolm said, "by any meang
dialog: necessary.”
dialog: (sharply,
dialog: T’m telling you, it is a war out
dialog: there and I'm a soldier,
text: Suddenly Maria storms out of the bathroom past Morrio.
text: He checks out her butt.
speaker_heading: MORRO
dialog: (clowning)
dialog: An onion that'll make you cry.
speaker_heading: 46F
speaker_heading: cONTD
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: who the hell is this psychedelic
dialog: blotta-acid clown? You crazy or
dialog: what?
text: Bath men just stare at each other.
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: This is Detective Vie Morrio
dialog: special forces, ex-Coast Guard
dialog: Captain. Explosives, expert ...
dialog: Hell of a cop but --
dialog: (grins)
dialog: He's a dedicated reject just like
dialog: you, Scotty. A wild man tkat no
dialog: one else wants.
speaker_heading: MORRIO
text: (extends his hand
dialog: pleasantly}
dialog: He means I'm expendable,
speaker_heading: ScoTTyY
dialog: (Agnoring him)
dialog: So why did you come here? To
dialog: Watch me get the poo-poo2
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: (nodding to Morrio)
dialog: fo drop a name on you.
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (slapping a file
dialog: in Scotty's hand)
dialog: Nino Brown and hie sidekick,
dialog: Gerald "Gee Money" Wells, They
dialog: call themselves Cash Money
dialog: Brothers. They used to stick
dialog: up check-cashing joints and two-
text: two-bit jewelry.
dialog: scorry
dialog: Two privileyed kids from Bsr la-
dialog: nade Gardens; thrill~-seeckers.
dialog: To hate then, What up?
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: We nesd evidence .., of murder,
dialog: racketeering, conspiracy, even
dialog: tax evasion proof that will stand
dialog: up in caurt. The department has
dialog: never been able to make anything
dialog: stick on Brown.
dialog: 248
dialog: 4or
speaker_heading: 46r
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: No shit, 1/3 of the department
text: probably is on Nino's payroll.
dialog: (eyeing Morrio)
dialog: The other 2/3 Son't give a shit
dialog: what happens up here until it
dialog: affects their community.
speaker_heading: MORRIOQ
dialog: (threatening)
dialog: Soa whatcha sayin’?
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: (steel in his voice}
dialog: Listen ... I've been authorized
dialog: to form an independent drug=
dialog: fighting unit, and L’m picking
dialog: you,
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: {caught off guard)
dialog: Yeah? «= why me?
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: You're from the neighborhood,
dialog: I can trust you and most of all
dialog: you givé a shits
speaker_heading: scorTty
dialog: What's the catch?
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: Morrio here goes with you,
text: Scotty reacts, Bricks grabs him, serious 4s cancer,
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: This big Captain Ahab-lookin' --
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: That's right, man, this ain't
dialog: gonna be another one of your wild-
text: aan solo acts, Scotty. Morria
dialog: here ds the only cop I could find
dialog: craay enough to team up with you.
dialog: This ig my shot, man, you fuck up
dialog: it's on me, got it? So you in or
dialog: out?
text: The three mén Stare at, each other until Morrison breaks
dialog: the silence.
dialog: 26"
speaker_heading: 46P Contd 46F
speaker_heading: MORRIQ
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: That's what they called me in
dialog: the Coast Guard.
text: Scotty could care less, Morrio examines his Ui.
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: You got. a permit for this, pertner?
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: (icy calm)
dialog: I'm your boss, you will refer to
dialog: mé aS boss se.6
dialog: (pensive, to Bricks)
dialog: Thanks, man 4... I needed to get
dialog: back in the war.
speaker_heading: BRICKS ;
dialog: Hey, hey -- Squash that; there is
dialog: no boss, You two ara a team, and
dialog: you're being put together for a
dialog: reason,
speaker_heading: SCcOoTTy
dialog: isarcastia)
dialog: Which is what, Nostradamus?
speaker_heading: BRUCK
dialog: (exiting)
dialog: Youtil find out soon enough.
speaker_heading: MORRIO!
dialog: Kool and the Gieang with me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: E just don't want no snit.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: {cool}
dialog: Bon’ start mone, won't be none,
scene_heading: A7 EXT: HARLEM ROOFTOP = ANGLE - DAY 47
dialog: Gn the soof of = tanemert building across the street
text: from the Carter Houses, Scotty and Morrio both dressed
text: undercover as homeless persons. Scotty snaps @ picture
text: with) a miniature camera. Morrio pulls out an ultra
text: modern surveillance camera and speaks into a micro
dialog: cessctta recorder,
speaker_heading: MORRIG
dialog: (clowning)
dialog: 0800 suspects hand ovt consumables
text: the natives are restless.
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: $1
dialog: 52
dialog: $3
speaker_heading: CONTD, AT
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: Shut up, Ahab,
dialog: {looking at Wino}
text: Ten years as a murderous; robbing
dialog: dog in this community, and now
dialog: Nino Brow is trying to purchase 2
dialog: eanscience, T ain't going for
dialog: his Robin Hood shit,
scene_heading: EXT: ENTRANCE TO CARTER COURTYARD - ANGLE ~ DaY 48
text: Two white mini-vans are surrounded by a huge crowd. As
text: the CMB members pass out a soulful Thanksgiving Feast
dialog: to the needy,
speaker_heading: ANGLE 4g
text: Another white mini-van pulls up,
scene_heading: BACK DOORS OF MINI-VAN 50
text: swing open; Keisha and Kareem lift plastic-wrapped,
text: portable heaters out of the truck, and gently place them
text: on the curb. The crowd spots the other truck, and
text: stampedes towards the heaters.
speaker_heading: ANGLES sl
dialog: SEE bunmy YOUNG BLACK MAN -- 10 or 20 years old --
text: dressed in a grimy-gqreasy, torn down cost, dirty and
text: tattered jeans, dirty and run-down sneakers. His hair
text: is matted,
scene_heading: CLOSE « YOUNG BLACK MAN 52
text: Tt's Pookie, the guy Scotty shot earlier. His eves are
text: yellowed, his lips are ashen-white.
speaker_heading: ANGLE 43
text: Pookie, walking with a Rataze Rizzo limp, pushes and shoves
text: People out of the way who are waiting to get a turkey;
text: he "bogarts" his way to the front, facing Nino and his
dialog: crew.
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: God bless you, Nine; God blass
dialog: you, At least somebody cares
dialog: about the needy, Can I get a
dialog: turkey and some fcod, chief?
text: Nino is slightly amused.
dialog: 53
dialog: 5é
speaker_heading: S7
dialog: 2g
speaker_heading: conTDp 53
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Leok at you; just lcok at your
dialog: funky blass ass, First you wanna
dialog: be a stick-up kid, but you got =
dialog: shot. Now youse a basehead,
dialog: ¥ou all fucked up, Pookie.
speaker_heading: POOKTE
dialog: I know. I'm very ignorent and
dialog: socially deprived,
text: Nino shakes hia head, smiling, He gives Pockie a turkey
text: and a tray of food.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Here, man. Knock yourself out.
dialog: If you clean yourself up, I might
dialog: give you a jobs
scene_heading: EXT: CARTER HOUSES HALLWAY - NIGHT 54
text: Hallway is dim; littered with small manila coin ervéelopes,
dialog: glassine bags, and what seéms like hundredsof miniature
text: vials and tiny colored plastic tops. On the wall is
text: some graffiti -— FAN 10 elaborate block lettering that
text: reads "CMB ... ON AND ON."
speaker_heading: ANGEE 55
text: SEE Pookie and a yong but emaciated GIRL sitting on the
text: floor of the hailway, taking the last drags from a glass
dialog: pipe.
scene_heading: CLOSE - POOKIE 56
dialog: He’s out of it,
speaker_heading: ANGLE S57
text: Between bath dope fiends is a moldy turkey, barely
text: wrapped in foil,
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: You don't deserve this turkey! no
dialog: more -~ T hooked you up for that
dialog: last get-high,
text: Young and emaciated girl, dressed in a ragyedy trench-
text: coat, bummy blue prom dress, and bummy Air Jordans --
text: who is aiso in another world -- looks at Pookie as if
dialog: he's lost what little mind he has left, WE SEB their
text: high makes them very hyper, almost maniacal,
dialog: 29*
speaker_heading: 7 CONTD 37
speaker_heading: SKINNY GIRL
dialog: Why 1 gotta be owin! you -« 7
dialog: just did you two times on this
dialog: staircase .., you think I like
dialog: doin' that? I was prom queen
dialog: of Ring High School, This is
dialog: beneath me.
text: Skinny Girl takes another drag from the pipe. Hear
dialog: Pookie laugh,
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: It's empty ..,
dialog: icondescending laugh)
dialog: Muthafuckas kill me talkin’ about
dialog: what they used to be, Look at
dialog: you now ...
text: Pookie makes a qrab for the turkey -- Skinny Girl snatohes
dialog: it back.
scene_heading: 58 CLOSE ~ POOKIE 58
text: His eyes light up even brighter.
text: Suddenly, he punches her in the chest. Hear the thump.
text: Skinny Girl jumps to hit him, but she's too stunned.
speaker_heading: SKINNY GIRL
dialog: What the -- ?
speaker_heading: POORTE,
dialog: (irrational)
dialog: Dida't I hook you up ... didn't
dialog: I walk six blocks up on Broadway
dialog: to buy this pipe from a Iranian
dialog: muthafucka who couldn't even
dialog: speak English but still tried to
dialog: cheat me outta five bucks ...
dialog: didn't I still speak toa your mother
dialog: this morning after she called me
dialog: homeless hastard?
speaker_heading: SKIQNY GIRL
dialog: {exrying}
speaker_heading: ¥VeOs wae
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: Then it's my fuckin' turkey,
text: Skinny Girl tries to grab the turkey. Pookie slaps hey
text: in the head, and grabs it back.
scene_heading: 59- OMD-T'TED 59
dialog: 60 69
dialog: Gl
dialog: 2
dialog: 63
dialog: 39
scene_heading: EXT: CARTER STAIRCASE - WIGHT 61
text: & CROWD has formed at the exit to the staircase; they
text: are watching Pookie and the Skinny Girl fight ove: the
text: dated turkey. We hear the Skinny Girl screaming as she
text: tussles with Pookie who is overpowering her, by way of
dialog: sheer madness, The crowd is very vocal,
speaker_heading: VOICE #1
dialog: Kick him in the nuts, baby.
speaker_heading: VOICE #2
dialog: Beat her ass, Pook, ‘ake that pussy,
dialog: too,
speaker_heading: VOICE #3
dialog: Man, you ain't gotta, take that pussy,
dialog: She'll de the wild thing for $5,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 62
text: Pookie is on top of Skinny Girl now, trying to choke her
dialog: te death,
speaker_heading: POOKLE
dialog: Tt's my turkey, My turkey.
text: Suddenly, an attracrtive, mid@le-aged BLACK WOMAN breaks
text: through the crawd, and tries to pull Pookie off the girl,
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Stop it! You stop beatin" on her.
dialog: 1 said stop it!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 63
text: Scotty "Da Nang," dressed as a homeless man, rushes inta
text: the hallway and pulls Pookie off of girl, and snatches
text: Pookie into the staircase,
scene_heading: INT: STAIRCASE — NIGAT 64
text: Even dimmer than the hallway,
speaker_heading: scorrTy
dialog: You beat up a woman for a moiey ola
dialog: turkéy? You're a pitiful excuse for
dialog: black manhood,
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: lindignant)
dialog: Fuck you, you bum-ass, homo, sleepin’
dialog: on subways and beggin" for money, stinit
dialog: «e+ Motherfucker,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: 64 CONTD 64
speaker_heading: POOKIE {conta)
dialog: (recognizes Scotty)
dialog: Oh shiti It's you!
dialog: {screams hysterically)
dialog: You, this ain't no do do roach
dialog: motherfucker, He's a cop. He's
dialog: acop. He's a cop,
text: Sootty slaps Pookie upside the head, puts the barrel of
text: the gun in Pookie’s mouth, He nervously scans the empty
dialog: stairway,
speaker_heading: ScorrTy
dialog: If you don't shut up, I'll blow
dialog: your fuckin! brains out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 655 EXT; OUTSIDE ENTRANCE OF CARTER = ANGLE ~ WIGHT as
text: Scotty is forcefully handeuffing Pookie, and about to
text: read him his rights, when Pookie begins to cry and plead.
text: Scotty is nervous, doesn’t want to blow his cover.
speaker_heading: POOKLE
dialog: Please, man, % don’t want to go
dialog: back to jail. i don’t want to be a
dialog: crack head. J was wrong beatin' on
dialog: that girl like that, but IT don’t
dialog: have mo control over this crack shit,
dialog: Tt's taken over my mind, my body ~~
dialog: Please, help me. Please,
speaker_heading: 6 ScoTTy 66
dialog: {pissed)
dialog: Stop eryin', you comin' with me,
text: As he drags Pookie down the steps Morria who has come
text: as back-up, is caught. completely off-guard, Ke quickly
text: pretends to be a bum urinating,
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (panhandling)
dialog: Dollar nine for a bettle of wine?
scene_heading: GBA INT: SCoOT?Y’sS LOFT - DAY 66a *
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP - TY
text: A video of crack babies shaking violently FILLS THE
text: SCREEN as Scotty, Maria and Pookie watch.
speaker_heading: FOOKIE
dialog: Yo, why we watchin’ this shit,
dialog: man? I'm booking.
speaker_heading: 66A
dialog: feb
speaker_heading: &6C
dialog: 66D-
speaker_heading: SHE
dialog: 57
dialog: 32”
speaker_heading: coNTD 656A
speaker_heading: SscoTTy
text: (ceeling him in like
dialog: @ comic Fish)
dialog: I'm your ghost of Christmas past,
dialog: Pook.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 66H
dialog: INT: scorry's Lorr 660
speaker_heading: MARTA
dialog: {explaining)
dialog: These are cocaine and crack babies.
text: Born carrying a psychic ball and
dialog: chain they didn't ask for, It's
dialog: my job to try to keep them alive
dialog: ee» I don't always succeed,
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: (recoiling)
dialog: What ya tryin’ to doa, give me
dialog: nightmares? ... Damn!
speaker_heading: ScoTry
dialog: = (menacing)
dialog: Here's the deal. 1 don't take
dialog: your narrow ass to jail if you
dialog: go with my lady to the center and
dialog: clean up. But if you leave i...
dialog: brother, it's you and mé. Got it?
text: Pookie nods, unable to speak ‘cause Scotty has him by
dialog: the throat,
speaker_heading: SCOTTY (contd)
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Good luck, my brother .,. the monkey
dialog: is a monster.
text: Maria and Scotty share a look as she leads a shaken
dialog: Pookie out,
speaker_heading: OMITTED 66D—
speaker_heading: 56E
scene_heading: INf:, SPOTLITE CLUB - BACK ROOM - DAY 67
text: At a table are Nino, BDth Buh Duh, Gee Money, and the
dialog: rest of the Cash Money Srothers,
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: CONTD
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: B7
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Fuck that fat-ass Frazier, What
dialog: do you mean he won't give up those
dialog: apartments. 2'11 take tare of
dialog: his big ass.
text: Nino hangs up phone as FRANK "PRANKTE NEEDLES" LAPONZINA;
text: ist lieutenant of the Armeteo crime family, is led into
dialog: the room by Gee Money,
speaker_heading: NING (contd)
dialog: We're honored,
speaker_heading: FRANKIE NEEDLES
dialog: (nervously looks
dialog: around the table}
dialog: i’m honered, Really,
dialog: fon the silence)
dialog: We understand that you have a
dialog: new Peruvian connection.
speaker_heading: WINO
dialog: (enol)
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: FRANKTE NEEDLES
dialog: You did this without notifying
dialog: Don Armetes, who takes such
dialog: things as an insuit, We. also
dialog: understand that you have
dialog: centralized your operations
dialog: in one area, a8 opposed to
dialog: street corners we “leased" to
dialog: you, and the clubs -- like
dialog: Shagazzy's and the Spotlite --
dialog: which we practically gaye you,
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Get to the point,
speaker_heading: FRANKIE NEEDLES
dialog: My point is you guys fuckin'
dialog: moved three milliom dollars in
dialog: cocaine every three nionths with
dialog: our help, We never shook you
dialog: down for the clubs, nothin'.
dialog: And now you out us ont of our
dialog: agreed upon ten pereent? Well,
dialog: we have t5 renegotiate,
dialog: 
dialog: a7
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: CcontTp 67
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Well, message boy, you go back
dialog: and tell Don Amneteo. that renégo-
dialog: tiating is out. ‘The Cash Money
dialog: Brothers are a self-contained
dialog: unit now. But £F tell you what:
dialog: you come back and see me next
dialog: week, and I'll order up some ~-
dialog: (look at crew)
dialog: ~- Collard green linguini,
dialog: You'll love it,
text: Nino and crew ekack up. Needles labghs uneasily, gets
text: QP. Nano and Ttalian shake hands, Needles leaves.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Yo; Nine, I don't know if you
dialog: should have dene that, man;
dialog: Frankie's an O£ guy ...
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: (interrupting)
text: Later for them scungili-eating
dialog: Metherfuckas. They'll either
dialog: roll with if ... or it'll roll
text: tight over them,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE Ta:
scene_heading: EXT; HARLEM SUPERMARKET ~ DAY 6o
text: A crowd of hysterical PEOPLE -- mostly young and middle~
text: aged femaie shoppers with kids and pushcarts full of
text: groceries -- gather around Pookie, whe looks comical in
text: a tattered shirt and tis, singing his own words to the
dialog: ‘operatic varsion" of “sanford and son,"
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: (really lousy operatic
dialog: eff-key voice)
dialog: Well, it was me and Freh-ed a
dialog: working father and s0n, you sae
dialog: ~~ me and Freh-ed he always
dialog: heltered at me; and Julio and
dialog: his goat.
scene_heading: INSERT ~- NOMEMADE SIGN 63
text: that reads: “I was THE UNDERSTUDY FOR LAMONT. AS YOU
text: KNOW, THE SHOW WAS CANCELLED, AND. MY LIFE HAS BEEN
scene_heading: DOWNAIL:, EVER SINCE, PLEASE RELP A TALENTED ENTERTAINER."
text: A plastic plate filled with a few coins sits next to ity
dialog: 7o
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 70
text: Out of nowhere, Scotty comes and grabs Pookie by the
text: arm, pulling him off to a comer, Pookie is Startled,
text: but regroups quickly --
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: Thank you. You've been a
dialog: wonderful audience, By the way,
dialog: this is my agent, y'all, -and he
dialog: just got me a new TV show —<
text: Seotty shoves Pookie up against a wall outside the super—
text: market. He looks at Pookie like —-
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: I don't fuckin’ believe you,
dialog: Man. You never quit, do you?
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: Man's gotta make a livin'
dialog: somehow.
speaker_heading: scoTrTy
dialog: But yo’ ass can't sing,
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: That's your opinion, You can't
dialog: Appreciate true artistry,
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: Bullshit artistry, no, I can't,
dialog: {beat)
dialog: You just couldn't stick with the
dialog: Program. Don't you want to be
dialog: free of the pipe?
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: T'll free myself. I don't need
text: to sit around in a circle with
text: a bunch of muhfuckas cryin!’ and
dialog: talkin’ sbout how roached out
dialog: their lives are. TI couldn't
dialog: Stay and listen to that nonsense.
dialog: scorry
dialog: I bet your ass could stay in jail,
dialog: though. I could haul your ass in
dialog: for aasault on that girl in the
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: (scared)
dialog: You takin! me to jail2
dialog: scorry
dialog: No.
dialog: 
dialog: 10a
speaker_heading: 7OB
dialog: yoc
speaker_heading: 7oD
speaker_heading: 7GE
dialog: 36*
scene_heading: INT: SCOTTY'S LOFT - DAY 70a
text: Pookie is handcuffed to a beam in Scotty's loft --
speaker_heading: POOKIE =
dialog: Help! Rape! Yousé a homo type
dialog: of muh~fucka trying to boonk
dialog: me? Lack, man, if your girl
dialog: left why don't you just buy some
dialog: pussy, man? You make good
dialog: money ==
scene_heading: INT: SCOTTY'S LOFT ™ DAY JOB
text: Maria enters with her own set of keys and some groceries.
text: WE FOLLOW her to the kitchen, She spots Scotty in his
text: Tobe bending over inside the fridge. She sneaks up and
text: gooses him a good ene. Pookie spins arovynd wearing
text: Scotty's robe, They both freak. Scotty, reading on the
text: couch, cracks up laughing.
scene_heading: INT: SCOTTY’S LOFT = LATER 70c
text: Scotty dnd Maria cook dinner, Pookie cuts fresh
text: vegetables. -Maria brings him a healthshake.
speaker_heading: NARITA
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Drink this, Superman. Tt‘'11 put
dialog: some lead in your pencil,
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: It works for Scotty,
text: Maria talks to Scotty quietly as Pookie slurps down
text: the shake and makes himself at home,
speaker_heading: MARIA (contd)
dialog: islightly pissed)
dialog: I hope you know what the hell
dialog: you're doing bringing this guy
dialog: into the house,
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: (pensive)
dialog: Yeah .«. me too,
text: Scotty doing one-armed push-ups -- Pookie trying to 7OD
text: imitate him, failing, and then doing "girl" push-ups.
text: Morrio watches, fixing a transistor, He's wary.
text: Pookie drinking juice, eating fruit, as Scotty FOE.
text: watches carefully.
speaker_heading: 7OF
speaker_heading: 1G
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 37
text: Pookie throwing up. Scotty hands him a towel, TOE
scene_heading: EXT: MARCUS GARVEY PARK - DAY 7oC*
text: Pookie jogging comically with Scotty in the wee hours
dialog: in. the morning near Marcus Garvey Park -~ Pookie
text: stops, Scotty leaves him way behind -- comes back and
text: drags him along with him -- Th VO we hear:
speaker_heading: POOKIE (VG)
dialog: Man, why I gotta, do ail this
dialog: shit? Why I gotta work with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ScoTTY (VO)
dialog: Because it's about giving back
dialog: what you took away from this
dialog: neighborhood. Tt's payhack
dialog: time, Pookie.
scene_heading: EXT: SPARTAN'S SOCIAL CLUB - ANGLE - DAY 71
text: Frank Needles gets oyt of the back of a black
text: Mercedes 500 sedan, and goes inside the club -~
scene_heading: INT: SPARTAN'S CLUB - DAY 72
text: Dark and dimiy lit in burgundy tones, A huge, polished
text: maple bar sits off to the side; a few heavy-set modern
text: ROMANS in Borsalino hats and sharkskin suits sit at the
text: counter sipping on Seagrams and ouzos, A few play pool
text: at an expensive billiard table smack dab in the middle
dialog: of the club.
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ DON ARMETEO 73
text: A wiry and Handsome gentleman in his 60s -- sits ata
text: table flipping through a Sports Illustrated, looking at
dialog: some pictures of Michael] Jordan.
text: Frankie sits down and joins him.
dialog: 
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75-
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: CONTD Ti
speaker_heading: DOW ARMETEO
dialog: Puckin' Mooyan isn't human I tell
dialog: ya. He must have an M.X. missile
text: instead of a cock, he gets up so high —
speaker_heading: FRANKIE NEEDLES
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Our snitch was right. Wino and his
dialog: Cash Money Monkeys are dealin” with
dialog: those spicaroos up on Broadway and 17?ist.
dialog: And he doesn't even deny at. Wor does
dialog: he accept our partnership anymore. Gee
dialog: Money was cool. But it was that fuckin‘
text: hard headed Nino.
speaker_heading: INT: VAN = DAY 74
text: Around 4 battery of receivers and hi-tech recorders;
text: tiorric, Scotty, and Park listen in on the Don and
text: Frankie, with super thin, state-of-the-art headsets;
speaker_heading: DOW ARMETEO (VO)
dialog: Well, you know what I say; you lay down
dialog: with Peruvian dogs, ya wake up with
dialog: Spanish fleas, Nino will itech soon,
dialog: and we'll be there to scratch the hell
text: out of him.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO;
speaker_heading: OMITTED 15-
dialog: 77
scene_heading: EXT; STREET - DAY 728
text: Springtime in Harlem. Rush hour ... PEOPLE coming home
text: from work. WE MOVE THROUGH a crowd whose attention is
text: riveted on -- Shocking profile of a NAKED FRAZIER, manager
text: for the Carter, sobbing hysterically, fingers laced behind
text: his head, prodded dawn the yellow canter line of Seventh
text: Avenue near La0th Street, which is teaming with rush hour
dialog: traffic,
text: He 1s walking toward 4 gas st tion.
text: Nino Brown, scowling, flanked by Duh Duh Duh and Gee Money.
text: He has taped the muzzle of a shotgun to the naked man's
text: neck, and he's speaking in real low and sinister voice --
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Wow you*re gonna give up those
dialog: apartments and turn over control of the
dialog: Carter to the brothers, right, Frazier?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 768
speaker_heading: 78A
speaker_heading: 78E
speaker_heading: 78C
speaker_heading: 78D
speaker_heading: 7BE
speaker_heading: VBP
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: coNrD . 78
speaker_heading: PRAZIER
dialog: (blubbering)
dialog: Yessir, Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: NINO.
dialog: If you don’t, the += well ... I quese
text: the shotgun accidentally ques off,
dialog: and your head is blown off before you
dialog: get yolr clothes back? Y¥'unnstand?
speaker_heading: FRAZIER
dialog: Yessir, yessir ...
text: The same old man from the introduction looks on at the
text: profane parade, with disgust and anger.
text: Our man Pookie, standing amidst the crowd on the side-
text: walk -- his mouth agape -- has seen it all,
scene_heading: EXT; CME GPERATION ~ MONTAGE - DAY 78A
dialog: (NOTE: With excepticn of the protest scane there is
text: ne dialogue in this montage; instead, we hear a cappella)
text: A group of New Jack Swing-styled KIDS in front of | 788
text: the Carter singing acappella; qunshots break out,
text: the kids scatter, but we hear song play through
scene_heading: montage, As WE PAN UP -—-
dialog: cur TO:
text: Wins and Révérend Oates in construction hats, watcn- 78C
text: ing CONSTRUCTION WORKERS build the conminity center.
text: CMB WORKERS evict a FAMILY and start demolishing 78D
text: their apartment, knocking out a wall,
dialog: {NOTE: This scene will have dialogue speech ta be
dialog: written)
text: A FEW COPS watch as a group of PROTESTERS outside 78E
text: the street police precinct, with piacarés reading
dialog: "Police don't see that crack is breaking our backs,"
dialog: cheer on politcial and community SPEAKERS (speech ta
dialog: be written) who make anti-drug speeches, Old man from
text: the naked Frazier parade is among the protesters; they
text: are made up of concerned parents, teachers, young kids,
dialog: community leaders.
text: Nino walks cooly into someone's apartment and starts 78F
text: tossing their belongings aut the window. He is about
text: to throw the cat out when the LITTLE GIRL attacks him,
text: Nino slaps her across the room, her MOTHER sobs,
speaker_heading: 786
speaker_heading: 78H
speaker_heading: 781
speaker_heading: 785
speaker_heading: 78k
dialog: 78h
speaker_heading: 78M
speaker_heading: 73N
speaker_heading: 780
speaker_heading: 78P
speaker_heading: 780
speaker_heading: 78R
speaker_heading: 73uU
dialog: ag
text: A young TBEN MALE chokes an elderly, gray-baired 786
text: WOMAN, in an apartment: He pushes her to the floor,
text: He then runs into the bedroom, and goes to a specific
text: dresser drawer, Teen opens the drawer, spots a photo ==
scene_heading: INSERT - COLOR SNAPSHOTS 785
text: of the teen in Sunday finest, hugging the gray-haired
text: wontan, also in her Sunday Finest, standing outside of
dialog: @ Harlem church,
text: Duh Deh Duh in a Yarlem barber shop, getting "CMB" 7ez
text: cut back of his head. We turns around, showing off his
text: new gold teeth.
text: Teen tosses the phota to the side, He finds a 78d
dialog: erivelope, and remoyes five twenty dollar bills ...
text: Meanwhile, gray-haired woman sits on sefa crying,
text: shaking her head ... Teen buys dope from CMD worker
text: hall. Pookie watches,
text: Kareem supervises the counting of some money. 78K
text: CMS workers setting up rows and rows of long tables 78L
text: in the Carter basement,
text: ‘There is a shootout between TWO RIVAL GANGS in this 78M
text: ailapidated neighborhood -- Bricks and Parks return
dialog: fire,
text: Inside Carter Peokie now employed is givena CMB Fen
dialog: jacket.
text: Another apartment is burned out, a PREGNANT WOMAN 780
text: and CHILD are evicted. HUSBAND shot.
text: Scotty comforts the now homeless little girl who 78P
text: cradles her frightened kitten.
text: A TAILOR fits Nino in a new suit, 7BQ
text: CMB workers install fortifying iron doors in Carter 79R
text: Like a fortress.
text: Morrison watches Cartey through Jong lense, Speaks 78S
dialog: into recorder,
text: Kareem supervises the counting of more money, only 78T
dialog: now they have to weigh it,
speaker_heading: OUITTED 780 *
speaker_heading: 738V
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: TSA
speaker_heading: 79B
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: alk
text: WE PAN BACK DOWN TO the same group of New Jack= 78Vv
text: styled kids as they finish the a cappella, only the
dialog: Seasons have changed, So has the Carter,
speaker_heading: END MONTAGE,
scene_heading: CROSS FADE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 79
scene_heading: EXT: KOREAN FRUIT STAND ~ NIGHT 79A
text: Directly across the street from the Carter Projects,
dialog: this is the typical Korean produce store in Harlem;
dialog: fresh fruit and vegetables, Fresh fish, etc,
scene_heading: INT: BACK ROOM OF FRUIT STAND = NIGAT 79B
text: This is not a back room at all; this is a hi-tech
text: surveillance station. SEE a gaggle of reel-to-reel
text: machines, chlorine-blue VDT screens, TY monitors
text: showing various angles of the entrance to the Carter
text: courtyard, and a few stacked rows of small black boxes
text: that look like stereo receivers.
text: Pookie looks nervous, Sectty and Morrio listen.
text: He i8 about to run down the CMH operation from memory,
dialog: which wiil be Flashback scenes.
scene_heading: EXT: CARTER COURTYARD - ANGLE 80
text: SEB 2 potential CUSTOMER arriving at the Carter court-
dialog: yard entrence -- SEE customer present a card to a NB
dialog: worker --
speaker_heading: POOKIE (VG)
dialog: «s~ It teok me some time, but
dialog: i've been through the whole joint;
dialog: here it is. First, when you get
dialog: to the entrance, you got to show
dialog: a menbership card to a runner ...
speaker_heading: OMITTED a1
scene_heading: EXT: CARTER COURTYARD - \WGLE - NIGHT 82
text: SEE the entrance of the courtyard, it is really busy
text: tonight. lots of PEOPLE are coming in and cut at 4
text: vapid pace, but the movements seem staged, choreographed,
dialog: dasigned.
scene_heading: GO BACK TO:
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: d2*
speaker_heading: iNSERT 83
text: White embossed card with a series of numbers under some
scene_heading: bar coding that reads: CASH MONEY BROTHERS MEDICINE
speaker_heading: CLUE --
speaker_heading: MORRISON (VO)
dialog: «+» bike a video club...
speaker_heading: POOKIE (VO
dialog: ss. Dig that .., Nino got this shit
dialog: hooked like "Mission Impossible.”
speaker_heading: OMITTED ga
scene_heading: INT: CARTER HALLWAY - ANGLE - NIGHT 85
text: SEE customer escorted into the well-lit and clean hall-
text: way of one of the buildings. See CMB worker sitting at
text: a table with a computer, and a stamp, The ciistomer
text: hands worker his membership card; worker uses a wand
text: plugged into the computer to read the bara-coding on the
text: card, Customer hands worker a $5 bill, which worker drops
text: into a metal cylinder on the side of the desk, Worker
text: Stanips the customer's Hand, and then speaks into his
text: baseball cap-headset, as we hear the Pook —-
speaker_heading: POOKIE {Vvqa)
dialog: -«. You're escorted up to the second
text: floor, the worker rings the buzzer in
text: this code, a little panel in the door
dialog: opens, and you get the crack ...
speaker_heading: scoTty (VO)
dialog: .». Calls in the order to where?
speaker_heading: OMITTED 86
scene_heading: INT: CARTER APARTMENT - “HACY'S" ~ NIGHT B7
text: SEE WORKERS in smocks and gloves arranging what seems
text: like thousands upon thousands of crack-filled vials on
dialog: tows of tables, into specific qroups of twenty --
text: when one of the workers gets a call on his headset, he
text: takes twenty vials over to another worker who is sitting
text: at a table next to 4a thick, iron plate fortified oor,
text: which has a slide-away panel built into --
speaker_heading: POOKIE {VO}
dialog: -»+ Call goes into a place they call
dialog: "Macy's"; the place where you actually
dialog: get the crack. A worker takes you over
text: to 223, where oné worker reads the stamp
dialog: on your hand under an ultraviolet light.
dialog: From there ...
dialog: 88
dialog: #3
dialog: 90-
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: a4*
scene_heading: INT: CARTER APARTMENT ~ MACY'S DOGRWAY 88
text: See customer and CMB WORKER 42 at the door of "Macy's,"
text: Hear worker #2 ring the buzzer im a code -- two long
text: buzzes, one short -= the panel opens, and the vial is
dialog: passed through by 45,
scene_heading: INT; FRUIT STAND - NIGHT 8S
text: Scotty is shocked, but his bemused look seams as if
text: he's almost impressed by this elaborate setup.
speaker_heading: MORRIO |
dialog: Nino is one sick genius,
speaker_heading: SscorrTy
dialog: (cynical)
dialog: Meah, a mind is 2 terrible thing
dialog: to waste. S50 what happens next?
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: «ee Well, you can either take your
dialog: goodies home and get high, or, you
dialog: can stay at The Enterprise.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY (VO)
dialog: «as The what? ...
speaker_heading: OMITTED 90-
dialog: 33
scene_heading: INT; THE ENTERPRISE - BOTLER ROOM 94
text: Steam. Smoke, Dripping vapor. Fats. 4% depressing sight.
text: Not that the olace is sloppy; it is clean and neat ——
text: fifteen card tables around the room, two chairs to a
text: table. ‘Two small glass pipes, and two smali lighter-
text: torches sit on top of the table, along with a high-tech
text: neon light made like a candle. Tt makes the room look
dialog: like some sort of weird bistro -~
text: CMB WORKERS patrol the room with automatic weapons, to
dialog: Keep some sense of order -— but all the seated are
text: anesthetized -- PANNING the faces at each table —- SEE
text: dead eyes and dead souls with hollow cheeks sucking on
text: glass pipes -- hear sucking sounds -- as the ween high-
text: lights each face -- SEE a variety 4... ELDERLY MEN and
text: WOMEN, wealthy BUPPIRS, TEENAGE GIRLS with CRYING BABIES
text: in strollers near the tables -- like blue ghouls whose eyes
text: sit back in their sockets, SEE our customer escorted to
text: a table, and get to work, as we hear Pookie --
speaker_heading: POOKIE (VO)
dialog: +... On the street, they say when you're
dialog: smoking crack, that you're beamin' up
speaker_heading: {MORE}
dialog: 
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: 95“
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 4a*
speaker_heading: CONTD 94
speaker_heading: POOKIE (VO contd)
dialog: to Benes you're goin! to dnother
dialog: world, They call that room The
dialog: Enterprise .,,
speaker_heading: scoTry (VO)
dialog: -s» They got all the apartments in
dialog: that building? ...
speaker_heading: POOKIE (VO)
dialog: «+. ¥O, Man, are you deaf or what?
dialog: It ain't just a few apartments --
dialog: the brothers control the whole joint.
dialog: Yeah ... Wino Brown .,. 8 Mad scientist
dialog: ye» what did “aryin say on that album
dialog: +s» “the boy who made slaves out of
dialog: men... “
speaker_heading: OMITTED gS=
dialog: 120
scene_heading: EXT: SPOTLITE CLUB - NEW YEAR'S EVE - ANGLE - NICHT 12i
text: SEE a convoy of expensive cars -- and expensively dressed
text: -- Black TEENS stop at the entrance of the club and show
text: gold cards to two huge, menacing DOORMEN -—-
scene_heading: INSERT - GOMD CARD i 122
dialog: no
dialog: Reads: The Spotlite, Ltd. ah
dialog: oh st te
scene_heading: INT: SPOTLITE -— ANGLE — WIGHT wy
text: The joint is jumping, even more so than we saw in the
text: beginning. The spot is a crowded, young gangsters’
dialog: paradise.
scene_heading: INT: SPOTLITE - ANGLE — GAMBLING ROOM - NIGHT 124
text: SEE a crowd of Black elegant TEENAGERS gambling.
scene_heading: INP: SPOTLITE - ANGLE - OFFICE - NIGHT 125
text: PAN the wails of office -— SEE photos of varicus CMB
dialog: Operations,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 126
dialog: SEE all the Cash Money Brothers assembled for a toast;
text: Gee Money, Duh Duh Duh, Keisha, and Kareem.
text: All are dressed stylishly -- looking like they were torn
dialog: right out of the pages of G.Q. and Vogue -- and are here
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: CcONTD 136
text: celebrating their huge success in the underworld. Selina
text: has her tarot cards spread out on the table. Wino looks
text: over her shoulder as she turns over the last card; he
dialog: waits.
speaker_heading: SELINA
dialog: There is power in your future ,,,
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: {grinning ])
dialog: Of course}!
dialog: {kissing Sclina)
dialog: You're my qood luck cham ,.. We got
dialog: it all, tiy brothers, The drugs, the
dialog: gambling, the car service. ‘This is
dialog: the fruit of hard work, the belief in
dialog: the enterpreneurial spirit, the new
dialog: American dream.
speaker_heading: KAREEM
dialog: Amen to that!
text: Hear a chorus of Amens.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: {raising a glass)
dialog: A toast; to my brothers, in life te my
dialog: brothers, until death, HAPPY NEW YEAR!
text: Everyone taises their glasses. Hear them intone --
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: To C.M.B. «s+ On and on. I will treat
dialog: my brother as I trsat myself.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 127
text: Nino puts his arm around Ges Money, and walks him over
text: to a corner of the room. This is a private conference
dialog: between the two.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: My brother, my brother, you are a big
dialog: reason for this suceess, but this
dialog: ain't about success. This is abeut
dialog: survival. We can't go out like Puss
text: Head and Blackie lying shot in the
text: hallway over a ten-dollar bag. We
dialog: had to be smarter and we had to look
dialog: gut for each other.
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: CONTD 127
speaker_heading: GER MONEY
dialog: (appreciative)
dialog: I feel the same way, Nino. You know
dialog: that. tt
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Nothing or no one will ever come between
dialog: us. Never, my brother,
text: They smile and hug each other; pats on the back.
speaker_heading: NINO (contd)
dialog: ist's go out there and get louse, Money.
scene_heading: INT: SPOTLITE - ANGLE - PARTY AREA - NIGHT 128
text: SBE Nino, Gee Money, Duh Duh Duh, Selina and Keisha wade
text: through the oceans af REVELERS and WELL WISHERS.
text: SEE revelers teach out and touch Nino, as if by touching
dialog: him, they will be Filled with his special street magic.
text: Wino visibly enjoys this adoration,
text: Now SEE the crew make their way to a table beside the
text: dance Floor where a woman is waiting for them: a lithe,
text: 27-year-old, Amazon-like stripper named UNIQUA FORD.
text: See Nino and Uniqua make sericus, sexually-charged eye
dialog: gontact. It's electric =~
text: Before the crew arrive at the table, Nino yells into
dialog: Gea Monsy'’s ear --
speaker_heading: NINO =
dialog: Yo, is that the skeeser you met at
dialog: Frankie's strip joint?
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Yeah, Uniqua? ...
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: You fuckin' her correctly, or what?
dialog: I know I'd be like ..5 Yo!
text: Nino gives a vigorous pelyic thrust, to an imaginasy
dialog: Partner; SEE Gee Money doesn't like what he's hearing,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Well ... yeah, I've bist them draws
dialog: Once. But I just met her.
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: I need time to get to know her.
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: £30
dialog: al
speaker_heading: ‘CONTD
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: (eyes don't leave Uniqua)
dialog: T heard that, Money.
text: Nino turns to sit down and talk to other people. Gee
text: Money stands there fox a moment, trying to figure out
text: what he's going to say. Ha's pissed at Nino for this.
dialog: Duh Duh Duh ard Keisha hang alongside.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Frankie Needles and two man-movntains in Armani suits
text: are sitting at a table next to Nino and Co,, eyeing
text: them intently, There is a small, gift-wrapped statue
text: on their table,
speaker_heading: FRANKIE NEEDLES
dialog: Nino, hey Nino, my ace-boon-qoon --
dialog: C'mere for 4 minute. You too rich
dialog: to say hella-to an ald friend, now?
dialog: C'mere.
text: Gae Money greets Frankie, but Nino shows disdain and
text: impatience for Frankie Needles, but he forces himself
dialog: to be cordial.
speaker_heading: WINO
dialog: Well, if it ain't the thinking man's
dialog: Rocky, How the fuck are you, Frankie
dialog: Needles ?
speaker_heading: FRANKIE NEEDLES
dialog: Just great. Look, Nino, the Den and
dialog: I were thinking, let's let bygones be
dialog: bygones, We congratulate you on your
dialog: new success, and as a show of good faith,
dialog: here's a gift from the Don.
dialog: (bear)
dialog: Open it --
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
text: Nino gives a curious look to the package, as the brothers
text: gather around him, bracing for action -~
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE i30
text: Nino picks up the package, unwraps it, and stares at
text: -- a porcelain lawn jockey -- noose around its neck -~
text: in big, white lips and black face -- Frankie Needles and
text: his boys aré snickering. Nino is in shock for a moment --
speaker_heading: FRANKIE NEEDLES
dialog: To the head niggér in charge -- All the
dialog: best, babe --
dialog: 130
dialog: 431
speaker_heading: CconTtTD 130
text: -- and then Wino cracks mp with laughter, hefore smashing
text: the figurine against Frankie's head. He goes down with
text: a yelp, screaming and bleeding. As TWO HENCHMEN jump to
dialog: their Feet ... -
speaker_heading: BIG GOON #1
dialog: You little drug~pushing chump change
dialog: nigger, you think you can get away
dialog: with something like that?
text: Nino doesn't move -- he locks athis crew and smiles.
dialog: All brace for action,
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: I just did,
dialog: Keisha stepa hetween them,
speaker_heading: KEISHA
dialog: You better step off, Gigantor.
speaker_heading: BIG GOON Rl
dialog: Why you little black bitch ...
text: Keisha reaches into the jacket of her skirt snit -- about
text: to pull out her pistol -- but Duh Duh Doh pulls her away.
text: He goes into action, punching Big Goon #1 in the windpipe,
text: and roundhouse kicks him in the nuts ... Big Goon #1
text: goes down, yelling in falsetto --
text: The other big white goon jumps in, but Duh Duh Duh fore-
dialog: arms hin in the nose -- down goes this goon. Duh Duh
text: Duh confiscates the guns of Needles and his hanchmen,
text: BOUNCERS come running. Nino grabs his cane, cuts off
text: Frankie Weedles' ponytail, and thraws it in his face,
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: (motions)
dialog: Get their silly asses outta here.
text: Bouncers usher them out af the place like so much trash.
text: Once again, Nino and Uniqua make strong eye contact.
text: Neither C€..e Yoney or Selina is pleased by this.
scene_heading: EXT: SPRING VALLEY MANSION - ANGLE -— NIGHT 131
text: SEE a lush Tudor mansion, siirrelinded by trees. A man-
text: made pebble~lined brook sits off to the side.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO; *
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: ag
speaker_heading: OMITTED 132
scene_heading: INT: SCREENING ROOM = ANGLE = NIGHT 133
text: Set up tastefully, almost like a mini version of New
text: York's Beekman Theater, It's dark; a movie is heing
dialog: Shown --
speaker_heading: INSERT 134
text: SEE the ending of DePalma's Scarface, where the corpse
text: of Tony Montana lies near the sculpture with the
dialog: inscription: The World Is Yours.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 135
text: Re the lights go on, SEH Nino, Gee Money, Selina, and
text: Uniqua sitting on a beautifully expensive leather
text: sectional sofa, drinking Cristal champagne from crystal
text: glasses, and eating French bread and cheese.
dialog: Nino ig feeling the champagne, and so is Uniqua, They
dialog: make it a point to touch each other as they talk, Gee
dialog: Money is pleasant, but SEE he is wary of the thing
text: happening between Nino and Uniqua. Selina is stewing,
dialog: but being very discreet about it,
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: The world is mine.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: And the Brothers’, too. Don't leave
dialog: us ont.
speaker_heading: UNIQUA
dialog: (interrupting Gee Monsy)
dialog: it is yours, Nino, Only you won't
dialog: be as careless as Tony Montane.
text: Nino takes Uniqua's hand and caresses it,
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Gee Money, I like this girl of yours.
speaker_heading: UNIQUA
dialog: (bristles)
dialog: fe ain't got no papers of 3 leash on meu
speaker_heading: SELINA
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Well, you know what happens when dogs
dialog: ain’t got a leash; they run the streets
dialog: and try to fuck everything in sight,
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: so
speaker_heading: CONTD 135
text: Uniqua gives Selina a smiling, but vicious glance, selina
text: stares back coldly,
speaker_heading: GSE MONEY
dialog: Te"s true, I don’t own her, Nino.
dialog: {nervous}
dialog: But she ain't nothing to come between
dialog: us, Fight?
dialog: 
dialog: Nino dossn't even hear Gee Money; ne‘s high and somewhat
text: rowdy, now, He takes his champagne glass and throws it
dialog: against the wall -- =
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: The world is mine!}
text: He shouts. Selina is taken aback. SEE Gee Money is
text: miffed, because Nino is acting like he’s out of control.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON UNTOQUA 138
text: SEE fire, passion, and apportunity in her eyes. She gets
text: up, and dances in front of Nino, a slow seductive turn on.
text: Uniqua slowly begins to strip, Selina and Gee Money don't
dialog: believe what they're seeing, Nino is enjoying every
dialog: minute of this.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Uniqua, what the ...
speaker_heading: UNIOUA *
dialog: {to Nino}
dialog: Aman like you needs to leave a lagacy,
dialog: A son -- a Mark to let the world know
dialog: he was here.
text: Nino takes a swig from the champagne hottie.
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: (slurring a Little)
dialog: You Know you're absolutely right?
dialog: Not that T haven't been trying --
dialog: right, Selina ...
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SELINA 137
text: is shocked and hurt; she tries to keep a Stiff upper
dialog: lip. Gee Money is embarrassed -—
speaker_heading: GEE HONEY
dialog: Hey ~~ Nino ye,
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: She can't have kids ...
speaker_heading: 437
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: CONTD 137
text: Selina quietly walks ot of the room, tears streaming
text: down her face -- Nino is unaffected =-
speaker_heading: NINO (contd)
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: «+. She can't fuck, either. Maybe
dialog: that's why ..,
text: More chuckles,
speaker_heading: GER MONEY
dialog: That ain't right, man.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Well, she can't,
speaker_heading: GNIQUA
dialog: (totally insensitive)
dialog: That's too bad.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: You should go get her, man. Really ..+
text: SER it finally register with Nino that he hurt Selina.
speaker_heading: WINO
dialog: You're right, Money.
text: Nano goes after Selina,
text: Gee Money\turns to Uniqua.
dialog: ‘,
scene_heading: ‘. GEE MONBY
dialog: Why did you say that? I told you
dialog: before she couldn't make no babies.
scene_heading: INT: GUEST BEDROOM = NIGHT 138
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON SELINA
text: sitting on the bed, staring at her tarot gards in sheck
text: as Nino comes in, She tries to hide them. Wino awkwardly
text: tries to comfort her.
speaker_heading: SELINA
dialog: (far away)
dialog: Nins, you know I've always been
dialog: straight with you .., You promised
dialog: we'd get married three years ago,
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: We already married,
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140-
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: Sz
speaker_heading: CONTD 138
speaker_heading: SELINA
dialog: No, We have lived together for
dialog: five years, and ... I love you.
dialog: And now you're beginning to take
dialog: me for granted,
text: Nino, angry, slaps Selina and jumps out pf bed: She yells,
text: begins to cry, He catches himself, tries to calm down.
speaker_heading: NINO ,
dialog: Okay, yeah, You gave me a couple
dialog: books to read and you did help me
dialog: build the Brothers.
dialog: (angry again)
dialog: But look, I was your ticket from a
dialog: life of horedom, TI was your shotider
dialog: to ery on, when your rich doctor
text: daddy wag too busy making his rounds
dialog: at Harlem Hospital, when your mother
dialog: Was too busy shoplifting at Blooming-
dialog: dale's. Don't start throwin’ shit in
dialog: my face, 'cause I'm a boomerang,
dialog: ytunderstand?
text: Nino starms out of the room, leaving Salina racking with
text: sobs on the bed. CAMERA FOLLOWS him to the screening
text: room, where he watches Uniqua -- clad in skimpy, red
text: undies, now == undress and stroke Gee Money, whose eves
text: are closed, She never takes her eyes off of Nino; in
text: fact, she is undressing him with her eyes.
speaker_heading: CLOSE + NINO 139
dialog: a Man possessed,
speaker_heading: OMITTED 140-
speaker_heading: T4L
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO+
scene_heading: INT: BACKROOM FRUIT STAND - DAY 142
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ SCOTTY, FOOKIE, MORRIO, PARK, BRICKS
text: Bricks is chewing Scotty put. Ajain-.
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: I told you ahout this “any means necessary"
dialog: shit, Now you put a notorious crackhead
dialog: on ‘the payroll?!
dialog: (sneers at Pookie)
dialog: Look, aii that Kinté cloth and ziq-zaq
dialog: fadies and fight the pawer? It's fashion,
speaker_heading: {MORE}
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: CONTD
dialog: Bricks is
dialog: him to it
dialog: 5a
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: BRICKS (contd)
dialog: Real power never goes out of style,
dialog: And while we're busy stylin’ and
dialog: profilin’, there are some heavy hitters
text: sittin' behind their desks waitin' far
dialog: us to fall. That's what i’m about,
dialog: That's what I'm working for on the
dialog: inside,
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: Excuse me, Mr, Inside, anytime you wane
dialog: to bring your inside ass on the outside
dialog: juet let me know,
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: Excuse me, but is this some Black ehit?
dialog: Because I'd like to go .om record a
dialog: Saying this "Pookie goes undercover
dialog: thing" is a major-fuckup waiting to
dialog: happen,
dialog: Scorry
dialog: (furious at Morrio)
dialog: Yes, this is some Black man shit. So
dialog: mind your toy John Gatti ass businessi
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: Fuck vohn Gotti, pussy, I’11 wax and
dialog: Simonize your yellow ass -—-
speaker_heading: scoTTy
dialog: (furious)
dialog: You gotta bring ass to kick ass, So come
dialog: on wid it,
text: about to break up the melas, but Pookie beats
speaker_heading: POORTE
dialog: TE they don’t believe I'm trying ta
dialog: get better in recovery, and that Tf
dialog: can't handle this operation
dialog: {heat}
dialog: then let them send Ahab in the Carter
dialog: along with the National Guard!
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: (defeated!
dialog: You know we can't de that, because
dialog: everything will be destroyed before
dialog: we cross the street, And we need a
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
speaker_heading: 445
dialog: 54)
speaker_heading: CON'TD 142
speaker_heading: BRICKS jcontd)
dialog: video of the operation and the
dialog: evidence of the financial records
dialog: $0 our case dan stand up in court.
speaker_heading: scoTTy
dialog: Gkay, then. Now you see this ain't
dialog: no fuckin' movie; this is real life.
dialog: Pookie’*s workin' for Nino.
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: ++. Yeah, I'm on lookout from seven
text: P.M. to seven A.M., in one of the
dialog: apartment windows, ,
dialog: (beat; Laughing)
dialog: They even made me £ill ont an appii-
dialog: cation asked if T still got high --
dialog: They knew me from before, ‘cause I was
dialog: one of their first loyal customers -—
dialog: I was wild, too.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - PARK 143
text: walks over to a table and picks up a belt.
speaker_heading: INSERT ; 144
text: SEE a leather belt with a thick rectangular buckle.
text: The front of the buckle is very shiny and dark, as if
text: it's made of onyx, On the backside of that buckle are
text: two very thin and long wires.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 145
text: SEB all the men lock at the belt curicusly., Park
dialog: explains,
speaker_heading: PARK
dialog: This belt is really a video camera,
dialog: Pookie. Tha wires are transmitters
dialog: that will be taped to you, just as if
dialog: you were wired for sound. It will pick up
dialog: your communication to us, in addition
dialog: to the sound and images around you, it
dialog: will also pick wp shit you can't even hear.
speaker_heading: MORRIO 3
dialog: leasing up)
dialog: You'll be okay. Gust relax,
speaker_heading: PARK <
dialog: Welre ceally counting on you, Pookie,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 159
dialog: 1s1-
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
speaker_heading: CONTD 145
speaker_heading: PARE (contd)
dialog: You can tie us into their nerve center
dialog: and help us destroy CMB.
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: Let's make this airtight.
scene_heading: ANGLE - POOKIE 146
dialog: tries £6 look confident; but fe also looks a little
dialog: fearful.
dialog: NOTE: DISSOLVES will be used to transition in and out
text: oF the scenes involving Pookie's infiltration into CMB.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT: CARTER APARTMENT WINDOW - NIGHT 147
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ POOKIE
text: wearing the CMB baseball cap/headset -— MOVE from left
dialog: to right in the window -—-
scene_heading: INSERT = BELT BUCKLE. 148
scene_heading: EXT: INSIDE CARTER COURTYARD = ANGLE - WIGHT 2ag
text: SEB a lot of activity; CMB security patroling the
text: grounds, CUSTOMERS being searched by CMB workers, a
dialog: variety of customers moving from building to building --
scene_heading: INT; FRUIT STAND ~ BACK ROOM SURVEILLANCE, - NIGHT 150
speaker_heading: VIDEO MONTTOR
text: displaying all the goings-on in the courtyard --
speaker_heading: OMITTED 151-
dialog: 153
scene_heading: INT: CARTER STAIRCASE -— ANGLE -— NIGHT is4
speaker_heading: TWO WEEKS LATER
text: SEE Pookie and Kareem walking up the staircase, to one
dialog: ef the aporkiments.
speaker_heading: KAREEM *
dialog: Yo, Pook, I been telling Gee Money
dialog: how good a worker you are ...
scene_heading: INT: FRUIT STAND ~ ANGLE - BACK ROOM SURVEILLANCE — 155
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: All the agents -- Scotty, Morrio, Park, Bricks -- are
text: watching Kareem on the monitor --
dialog: iss
dialog: 156
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: a6*
speaker_heading: CONTD is5
speaker_heading: KAREEM (VO)
dialog: {on monitor)
dialog: ++, And how many customers you've
dialog: brought in. And you're just 4 leokout,
speaker_heading: POOKIE (VO)
dialog: (on monitor)
dialog: So what did he say...
scene_heading: ANGLE - SCOTTY 156
text: is pleased -- almost gloating in the direction of Bricks.
speaker_heading: BCOTTY
dialog: This might be the big kahuna, gentlemen ,..
text: Bricks is frowning,
scene_heading: INT; OUTSIDE CARTER APARTMENT DOOR - Nrebt is7
speaker_heading: KAREEM b's f th
dialog: They like shit like that). Anything
dialog: that makes them more money, they Like.
dialog: Mattah fact, you might get a better
dialog: position. And that means a bigger
dialog: salary.
speaker_heading: POOKIB
dialog: I'm with that.
scene_heading: ANGLE -— KAREEM 158
text: rings the buzzer in code -- two shorts, three shorts,
text: two longs -- and a menacing CMB worker opens the doar.
scene_heading: INT: CARTER APARTMENT — SYSTEMS ROOM — NIGHT 155
text: SEE a battery of telephones, rows of wall charts.
dialog: Systems.
scene_heading: IN?: FRUIT STAND - ANGLE - BACK ROOM SURVEILLANCE — i690
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: SEE Scotty clench his fists triumphantly, sricks is
text: pleased and mesmerized, as is Park, Yorrio is still
text: not convinced.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: The big kahune, baby, Systems.
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: He's inside, boys.
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: lag
dialog: s7*
scene_heading: INT: CMB SYSTEMS ROOM - NIGHT 161
text: it's busy in here. CMB workers are all around; on the
text: Phones, punching up data on the computer terminals,
text: marking off specific areas on the wall charts with red
dialog: magic markers,
scene_heading: ANGLE - GEE MONEY AND KAREEM 162
text: Gee Money is speaking to someone on a cellular phone.
text: As he spots Polkie and Kareem, he terminates the conver-
text: sation, and walks over to them,
speaker_heading: KAREEM
dialog: This is the man.
text: Gee Money hugs Pookie,
speaker_heading: GEE MOWEY
dialog: Mr. Stick-up, what up? You stiil
dialog: larcenous, of what?
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: Ulaughs)
dialog: I wouldn't dara try and steal from
dialog: y'all; you’d kill me,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Nah; we've known each other too long.
dialog: Plus, you've brought in some gaod
dialog: business for us, man.
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: J can*t take all the credit ..«
scene_heading: INT: FRUIT STAND - BACK ROOM SURVEILLANCE — NIGHT 163
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: Fookie on the monitor --
speaker_heading: POOKIE (VO)
dialog: -=+. A good product will always bring
dialog: out the gustomers «..
scene_heading: IN?: CMB SYSTEMS ROOM - ANGLE - NIGHT 164
text: Gee Money, Pookie and Kareem in their huddle —
dialog: 164
dialog: és
dialog: 166
dialog: le?
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: ConTD
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Well, we reward our moneymakers,
dialog: I want to move you to another
dialog: pasition.
text: SEE Pookie look eagerly around the systems room ——
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: I'd like to take a shot om one
dialog: of those terminals.
dialog: (lying)
dialog: I took computer programming at
dialog: City College .,.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - KAREEM
speaker_heading: KAREEM
dialog: Can you program, Pascal?
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: Nah -- you knew -- people change,
dialog: lose interest.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: So you still on the pipe, sr
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: No «= i «= No.
scene_heading: INT: FRUIT STAND — BACK RGOM SURVEILLANCE - WIGHT
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: On the monitor, SBE Gee Money, cool, caim,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY (VO)
dialog: (on monitor)
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: ANGLE = SCOTTY
text: looks a little worried ~—
scene_heading: INT: CMB SYSTEMS ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: GEE MONET
dialog: 4-0 This is not what I had ih
dialog: mind, For you anyway. You're work
dialog: in ‘Macys’? ...
dialog: wt
dialog: leg
speaker_heading: Le5
dialog: Lti6
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: L71-
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: sow
speaker_heading: ANGLE, - POOKIE 163
text: tries to smile, but Ke looks apprehensive --
speaker_heading: POOKIE,
dialog: “Macy's"? Really? ...
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: That's right, And if you de as
dialog: good a job there as you did as a
dialog: spotter, wall, the sky is the
dialog: limit, ‘gus.
text: Peckie looks uncertain.
speaker_heading: POOKTE
dialog: I feel honored that you haye this
dialog: confidence in me,
speaker_heading: ANGLE 176.
text: SEE Gee Money give Pookie a vigorous slap on the hack,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: We take care of our own.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You can go back to your post, now,
dialog: You'll start in a few days.
text: Pookie nods to both Gee Money and Kareem, and is about
text: to leave the systems room, aS his transistor picks up
text: Gee Money whispering to Kareem; Pookie doesn’t hear this,
dialog: but the cops obviously do --
speaker_heading: GEE MOWEY (contd)
dialog: I want you to keep an eye on that
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: KAREEM
dialog: Why -- what's wrong?
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: He's light-fingered, so keep an eye
dialog: on the preduct.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 171=
dialog: 178
scene_heading: INT: "MACY'S" (CMB SALES APARTMENT) - ANGLE + NIGHT 179
text: SEE CMB workers in smocks arranging the thousands of
text: erack-filled vials upon the rows of tables, into the
dialog: Specific groups of twenty.
dialog: 180
dialog: 161
dialog: laz
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 18a
dialog: sa*
speaker_heading: ANGLE - POORTE iso
text: one of the workers in his pocketless smack, plastic lab
dialog: gloves, and CMS baseball cap —-
speaker_heading: OMITTED 181
scene_heading: INT: CMB "MACY'S" APARTMENT - ANGLE = NIGHT 182
text: SEE Pookie looking around, neryous, as he gathers the
text: vials together; on the sneak, he carefuliy removes two
text: vials from the table, opens his mouth, and secretly tucks
dialog: them under his tongue --
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO;
scene_heading: INT: FPOOKTE'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM ~ NIGHT 183
text: SEE the living room: small, cluttered, and dirty,
text: Pookie sits on the second-hand sofia, emptying the
text: contents of one vial into a small glass pipe --
text: He torches the pipe -~ tries fa put at to bis lips ~-
speaker_heading: INSERT 184
text: Pockie's hands are shaking --
scene_heading: CLOSE - POOKIE ras
text: tears streaming down his cheeks -~—
speaker_heading: ANGLE 186
text: Pookie holds the pipe for a second +~ throws the pipe
text: and ats contents to the floor -- hear it crashing --
text: SEE Pookie put his head in his hands, and cry -- then
text: after a moment -- gets on his hands and knees searching
dialog: for crack.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 187
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO;
scene_heading: EXT: RIVERSIDE PARK ~ DUSK £88
text: We DOTY with Morrioc. Scectty, Pookie and Bricks as they
text: move through Riverside Park, overlooking whe river,
text: Morrio seems on edge,
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: Look, man, the timetable has shifted
dialog: forward. & don't know how much longer
dialog: I can keep this investigation funded
dialog: with nothing to show ... Frankly, 1
dialog: don't think your man Pookie is ready-
speaker_heading: i238
dialog: 6l*
speaker_heading: CONTD 184
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: Ready?! I don't look ready? TI
dialog: was born ready, money grip!
speaker_heading: MORRTO
dialog: Yeah, ready to be a dead crackhead.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: (warning)
dialog: Don't fuck with me!
dialog: (blocks Bricks’ path}
dialog: Look, the man is already inside, ali
dialog: we néed is more time before he has
dialog: access to ail the information we need
dialog: to put Nino away.
text: Bricks stands there facing Scotty as if about to say
text: something, but there's no need to. He nods approval
text: and walks away.
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: In my opinion, we pull him out now
dialog: while we still can,
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: When L want your opinion, T'il give
dialog: it to you. Sestty, I'm against it,
dialog: burt ... it's your call.
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (disgusted, exiting}
dialog: It's your funeral.
text: Seotty and Pookie are left standing alone in the park.
dialog: The gravity of their situation weighing on them,
speaker_heading: POOKIE.
dialog: We told them, man ... Ready? Shit,
dialog: scorrry
dialog: Listen, you better be ready! ‘Cause
dialog: you owe me, You owe me, you owe this
dialog: commmnity, you swe yourself, you even
dialog: owe my mother.
text: Pookie looks sideways at Scotty's last statement; Scotty
text: gives Pookie a long, threatening look -—
speaker_heading: SCOTTY (cemtd)
dialog: That's right, you owe my mother.
dialog: Tt was a fuckin! junkie like you
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 188
speaker_heading: 1B
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 123
dialog: 194
dialog: 135
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: CconTD 188
speaker_heading: SCOTTY (contd)
dialog: that killed my mother in 1974.
dialog: Didn't take no money; no jewelry,
dialog: didn't take nothin’ from her but
dialog: her life -=
dialog: (about to break down,
dialog: but shows restraint)
dialog: Even if you don't haye it to give,
dialog: you better find it, Pookie. ‘Cause
dialog: you owe a whole lotta people.
text: Scotty leaves Pookie standing there alone, Pookie looks
dialog: doubtful,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE, TO:
scene_heading: Int: CMB "MACY'S" - ANGLE — NIGHT 149
dialog: SEE Pookie locking at yial after vial --
speaker_heading: INSERT 196
text: CAMERA SLOWLY PANS vial after vial -- SEE vials begin te
text: CROSS FADE inte other vials, until the white particles
dialog: begin to meke us dizey.
scene_heading: CLOSE - POOKTE 151
text: Hels sweating, wide-eyad, and feverish,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT: ‘POOKI"S APARTMENT - INSERT - NIGHT sz
text: SEE six empty vials on the bummy coffee table -~
speaker_heading: ANGLE 133
text: Pookie sits Slumped on the sofa, clutching a glass pipe,
text: ‘looking simultaneously crazed and pitiful, Teare stream
text: down his face.
scene_heading: INT: CMB "MACY'S" + ANGLE - NIGHT 194
text: SED Pookie along with the other workers, organizing the
text: Vials on the long rows of tables. Pookie is acting very
text: hyper, and very goofy. Hear him whistle the tune,
dialog: "Whistle While You Work.”
scene_heading: INT: FRUIT STAND - ANGLE — BACK ROOM SURVEILLANCE — 195
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Agents look at seach other, as they hear Pookia whistling,
text: and see the other workers on the manitor look at him
dialog: strangely.
dialog: »
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 3"
speaker_heading: CONTD 195
speaker_heading: MORRIG
dialog: Something's wrong with Scotty's guy.
text: The agents look at Scotty; SEE Scotty is Frustrated,
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: What's happening with Pookie, Scotty?
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: I have no idea.
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: You should; he's your guy. Your planr.
dialog: And your responsibility.
dialog: scorry
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Hey! Hey! Don't jump the gun, okay?!
speaker_heading: PARK
dialog: But there is something wrong with your
dialog: guy, Scotty ...
scene_heading: INT: CMB “MACY'S” ~ ANGLE ~ NIGHT : 196
dialog: SEE all] of the workers looking at Pookie like ha's crazy
text: now; he's doing some yigorous jumping jacks --
scene_heading: INT: FRUIT STAND - BACK ROOM SURVEILLANCE - NIGHT 197
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: SEE the CMB sales room pictured on monitor going up and
dialog: down ==
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: What is this, Scotty, some kind
dialog: of secret code for help?
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Ne, it's a Black thing.
speaker_heading: ANGLE 198
text: Scotty pounces on Morrio like a wild 4 imal, knocking
text: him to the ground with several punches. But Morric is
text: tough as hell, kicks Scotty in the chest, as everyone
dialog: jumps in,
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: Break if up! We have ta fight a
dialog: mich bigger war in the streets ...
text: At that moment, all agents are drawn to a voice from the
dialog: monitor.
scene_heading: Log INT; CMB "MACY'S" - ANGLE - NIGHT 199
dialog: Gee Money and Dun Duh Duh have entered “Macy's,” and
dialog: just stand, observing Pookie —-
speaker_heading: GBE MONEY ~
dialog: Hey, fool ~~ what the fuck are yo
dialog: doing? ...
speaker_heading: POOKLE
dialog: (huffing, puffing)
dialog: Well, I'm trying to keep in shape,
dialog: This isa tough job, and you gotta
dialog: be in shape to do it,
text: The workers in the room laugh uneasily. Gee Money and
dialog: Duh Duk Puh are poker-faced,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: This ain't ne gym.
scene_heading: 200 INT: FRUIT STAND - ANGLE - BACK ROOM SURVEILLANCE - 200
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: All of the agents watching the floer of the OMB of sales
text: Spartment going in and out of the monitor.
speaker_heading: POOKIE: (¥O}
dialog: (on monitor)
dialog: The big Japanese companies like
dialog: Sony and Toyota do provide an
dialog: exercise break for their workers ...
scene_heading: 201 INT: OMB "MACY'S" — ANGLE ~ NIGHT 201 *
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: «+. They believe a strong body makes
dialog: 2 strong mind. These workouts also
dialog: boost the workers' morale ...
text: SEE Gee Money and Duh Duh Duh nnn over and snatch Pookie
text: off of the Floor, Ges Money is furious.
speaker_heading: GEB MONEY
dialog: You must think E'm stupid! You are
dialog: high, mothexrtvocker,
text: Pookie locks bewildsred; Duh Duh Duh holds him and
text: Gee Money kicks him in the nuts --
scene_heading: 202 INT: FRUIT STAND - ANGLE - BACK ROOM SURVEZLLANCE - 202
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: The agents react to the scenes on the moniter --
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 65*
speaker_heading: cONTD 202
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: (panics)
dialog: Shit! His cover is blown,
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: We gotta move,
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: Call in some backup now!
dialog: Morrio does ag ha's teld.
scene_heading: INT: CMB "MACY's" -— ANGLE — NIGHT 203
text: Pookie doubles over, as Gee Money snatches off Pookie's
text: shirt. He sees the wire, and how it's connected to the
dialog: belt.
text: Gee Money rips the wire and belt off Pookie. Belt bucklse-
text: monitor falls face-up on the floor,
speaker_heading: Gaz MONEY
dialog: (deadiy)
dialog: So you are Five-O, huh?
dialog: (to Kareem)
dialog: Put “Dec. 7th” in fli effeet
dialog: for ten. Alert all workers
dialog: Five-0,
dialog: (to Duh Duh Duh}
dialog: Take this boy and
dialog: (looking down into
dialog: video belt)
dialog: Kill him three times!
text: Pookie cries into monitor --
speaker_heading: POOKIE
dialog: {on monitor)
dialog: Scotty! 2 teld you I was gonna die!
speaker_heading: OMITTED 204
scene_heading: INT: FRUIT STAND - BACK ROOM SURVEILLANCE - NIGHT 205
text: The TV monitors crackle, distort, and go black. Agents
dialog: are startled,
scene_heading: INT; CME “MACY'S” — NIGHT 205
text: Gee Money crushing belt buckle with his heel.
dialog: 66"
scene_heading: 204A INT; FRUIT STAND - SURVEILLANCE ROOM - NIGHT 206A
speaker_heading: MORRIG
dialog: (suddenly alamsd}
dialog: Wait a minute. What's this Dec. 7th
dialog: shit?
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: {grabbing body armor)
dialog: Dec, 7th .+. Dec.
dialog: (realizina)
dialog: The day they bombed Pearl Harbor,
dialog: scoTTry
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: They got a fucking bomb!!
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (loading weapon)
dialog: Dec. 7th for ten .a, ten minodtes,
dialog: that's gotta be the evacthation time.
dialog: If so, the residents of the Carter
dialog: haye ten minutes to evacuate or die,
speaker_heading: PARKS
dialog: (freaking)
dialog: i'm calling the bomb squad!!
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: ileading pistol)
dialog: Tt'l take ‘em thirty-five minutes
dialog: to get here minimum. We got less
dialog: than ten!fil
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: (tq, Morrio)
dialog: You're the plastic explosive techno
dialog: expert always tinkering with shit,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (putting on flac yest}
dialog: You fuckin' crazy? My exposure to
text: “de-activating” is minimal at best.
dialog: Besides, we don't know how sophis-
dialog: ticated it is, we dnin't aven know
dialog: viiere it ist i'm not qualified to i...
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: fexiting)
dialog: You just got promoted.
speaker_heading: 2065 KAREEM'S PACE 2063
text: reflected in the digital counter vf the high tech bomb,
text: It reads 9:07.
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
speaker_heading: 209A
speaker_heading: 2098
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
speaker_heading: 210A
speaker_heading: 2108
speaker_heading: 210c
dialog: 67"
scene_heading: SERIES OF ANGLES 207
text: SHOWS all of the CMB workexs breaking down the operations
dialog: “= systems, “Macy's," atc. -- destroying ail drug
dialog: paraphurnalia,
scene_heading: EXT; SEVENTH AVENUE AND 151ST STREET - ANGLE - NIGHT 208
text: SER Scotty and the other agents racing towards the Carter.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SERIES OF ANGLES 209
speaker_heading: OMITTED 2092,
text: CMB workers lock down steel gates and vanish through 209B
dialog: gecret hatchways.
dialog: Gee Money “= in the systems room =- snatches all 205¢
text: floppy disks from a small box, Duh Duh Duh is pouring
text: gasoline all over the xoom; lights a match.
text: Flames seem to LICK AT THE CAMERA.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CARTER ENTRANCE = BASEMENT DOOR = NIGHT 210
text: Our quys ram open the door, Bricks in the lead. Suddenly
text: the cop standing next to Morrio is shot down, head
text: exploding like a melon, Bricks returns fire and tries
text: to restrain Scotty, but too late; Scotty races right into
text: ths mouth of burning building. A CMB gunman, using a
text: PREGNANT TENANT as a hostage, fires on Scotty, Merrio
text: instantly lays down cover for Scotty, expertly nailing
text: the gunman, Park and another cop follow their isad,
scene_heading: INT: CMB HALLWAY -— DOWNSTAIRS - CARTER AND STALRWAY 216a
text: Scotty traces through smoking hallway, hustles a PEW
text: TRAPPED TENANTS out and smashes through a steel gate.
scene_heading: INT: SYSTEMS ROOM 2108
text: Bricks blasts = CMB worker. Morrio searches for the
dialog: bomb,
scene_heading: INT: CMB HALLWAY 250¢
text: Yerrio blows a heayy door with plastic explosive, saves
text: & screaming CHILD, and searches for the bomb.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 2i0c
dialog: 241
speaker_heading: 211A
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: ala
speaker_heading: 214A
dialog: 6a*
speaker_heading: CONTD 210c
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: {to himself)
dialog: Where would ya put a homb to blow
dialog: a building? ... the foundation ..,
dialog: the basement !
scene_heading: INT; ENTERPRISE ~ BASEMENT + NIGHT 211
scene_heading: SCOTTY'S POV - A BURNING GAUNTLET OF FLAMES
dialog: but no Pookie and no bomb,
speaker_heading: ScorTy
dialog: (bellowing)
dialog: Pookie! !
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP = BOMB 2ilé
text: Digital clock reads 1:16.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE UP - DUH DUH DUH 212
text: hidden in the shadows, eyes ablaze with hate, as Septty
text: races by, followed by another cop.
text: Suddenly Duh Duh Duh's huge hands strike like lightning,
text: snatching in the cop like a rag doll, He snaps his neck
text: like a chicken and leaves him slumped tc the ground,
text: lifeless.
speaker_heading: UP ABREAD 213
text: Scotty blasts through another gunman and dodges 2
text: falling support beam. Scotty sees the silhouette of
text: aman sitting in a chair, looking over his shoulder,
text: Seatty, Frantic, races forward.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - POOKIE 214
text: dead, strapped to the chair, his ttead literally twisted
dialog: 186 degrees the wrong way!
text: Duh Dun Duh creaps forward towards Scgtty’s back and 214A
text: is about to leap from the shadows when a voice yells,
speaker_heading: MORRiO
dialog: FREFZB!!!
text: Hoth Duh Duh Duk and Scotty freeze as Morria runs forward
text: just inches frém the hidden Duh Duh Duh man.
text: Scotty looks up, eyes Filled with rage over Pookie's dsath,.
text: Morrio rolls on his back and freezes. There, wired under
text: Pookie's chair is a huge high tech bemb. It reads 0.54
dialog: seconds.
dialog: 69%
speaker_heading: 214A conTo 2147
speaker_heading: MORRIG (contd)
dialog: (sweating bullets)
dialog: If you had touched Pookie, we'd be
dialog: over,
text: Duh Duh Duh hides as Bricks, Parks and another cop pile
dialog: into room,
dialog: scorry
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: We found it. Forty seconds to go.
dialog: (to Morrio)
dialog: Okay, man, do it.
speaker_heading: MORRO
dialog: {confused)
dialog: There's too many friggin’ wires, man! |
dialog: scorryr
dialog: {starting to lose it)
dialog: Then pick one! !
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: (trying to stay calm)
dialog: Scotty, be cool.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: Cool my ass, we got no Fuckin! time!)
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (freaking)
dialog: Will everybody shut up!
text: CLOSs UP of Duh Duh Duh man, and evil glint in his eye,
text: as he hits the power switch. The alazm stops. The place
text: goes completely black. The only sound is the ticking
text: clock and pounding hearts.
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: What the Euck’s going on??
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: T can’t see!
speaker_heading: PARKS
dialog: Someone’s in herel! Jesus Christ
dialog: someéone!’s héerel!
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: Light a fuckin’ match!
text: Just then they hear a blood curdling scream as one of the
text: cops gets strangled. Parks starts firing into the darkness
dialog: at random,
dialog: 70"
speaker_heading: 214A CONTD 214A
dialog: scomry
dialog: (lights match)
dialog: Next motherfucker moves gets a
dialog: bullet in his ass ...
dialog: (to Morrio}
dialog: Go ahead, man, make a choice,
text: CLOSE UP illuminated digital clock reads 0,29.
text: Morrio closes his eyes and slowly lifts the whole bomb
text: out from under the chair; it's connected at the base by
text: three wires, a red, a white, and a black,
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (nervoug)
text: Disconnect the black ... Siowly.
text: All the facea huddle together as Scotty does as he's told,
text: They heave a collective sigh of relief, Scotty waits for
text: further instructions, Clock reads 12 seconds.
speaker_heading: MORRIC (contd)
dialog: One of these is the ground, one isn't.
dialog: scorry
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: Choose,
text: Clock reads sight seconds. Scotty reaches for the red.
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: Wairty
text: Clock reads five seconds.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: Which one then, shit?!
speaker_heading: HORRIO
dialog: I don't know! !
text: Clock teads three saconds, WMorrio reaches for the white,
text: then hesitates,
speaker_heading: PARKS
text: Two seconds left,
text: Morrio touches the red, then the white again,
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: ONE SECOND Lert!
speaker_heading: 214A
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: con'TD 2148
text: Morrio closes his saves, ar the last second, pulls the ?
text: red .., the ticking stops.
text: Bricks finds the power switch; the other cop is laying »
text: there dead, but no sign of anyone else in the room.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 215
scene_heading: INT: MANSION -— MORNING 216
text: Nino and Unigua are entwined in bed, their bodies naked,
text: limp, and sweating, after making love.
text: A warm summer wind ruffles the white linen sheets on
text: their bed. The phone rings; Uniqua picks it up.
speaker_heading: UNIQUA
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT: GEE MONEY'S BEDROOM ~ ANGLE - DAY 217
text: Gee Money is hurt ~- angry, hearing Unigqua's voice,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: T knew I shoulda treated you like
dialog: a prostitute, You ain't nothin'
dialog: but a high-priced hoe, Put Nino
dialog: on the phene, bitch.
scene_heading: INT; MANSION - DAY 218
text: Unique motions fox Ning te take the phone. He doesn't
dialog: like being disturbed from this relaxing moment -~
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY (VC)
dialog: t know youre having a good time,
dialog: but we were infiltrated.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: (angry)
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY (VQ)
dialog: We had to shut the Carter down.
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: Get your asses out here now,
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO;
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
speaker_heading: 724
scene_heading: BXT: GRAVEYARD - DAY 219
text: Pookie’s funeral is a modest affair, Just a FEW PEOPLE;
text: couple of DEA agents, police officers, homeless stand at
dialog: the graveside as =~
text: The coffin is lowared into the ground,
speaker_heading: ANGLE = LATER 220
text: Agitated, Sricks corrals Scotty and Morrio off to the side.
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: The governor and Washington is blaming
dialog: me for losing tens, dam near hundreds
dialog: of thousands of dollars in time, not. to
dialog: mention manpower, The operation was a
dialog: failure. We didn't arrest any of the
dialog: people, we didn't get any evidence of
dialog: the finances.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now we could still be out there
dialog: fighting scum like Nino except for
dialog: two things: I gambled on you and
dialog: you gambled on a fucking crackneadl
text: Scotty lunges and grabs Bricks by the lapels. Morrio
text: junps in, separating them,
speaker_heading: MORRIQ
dialog: That's enough, mar!
dialog: scorty
dialog: {fighting back the
dialog: tears)
dialog: I'm sorry you lest your budget,
dialog: But Pookie's mama lost 4 son.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I lost a friend.
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: Scotty, let it go, The operation's
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: T can't leh tt go, Don't you see
dialog: what's happening hers? It's 2 war
dialog: gone, Shooteuts on playgrounds,
dialog: kids dying.
text: Scotty storms off. Bricks glares at Morrio, then exits,
text: WE HOLD ON Morrio, the man in the middle,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 221
scene_heading: INT: MANSION - DINING ROOM - DAY 221
text: All of the brothers are sitting at the long oak tabie,
text: in a tense meeting. Wino is pacing the floor, accompanied
text: by his Rottweiler. He stops behind the chair of Gee Money,
text: SEE Gee Money is wary.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Gee Money, you fucked up big-time.
dialog: You're incapable of running things,
text: Nino whacks Gee Money across the back of his neck. Gee
text: Money yelps, and jumps to his feet, defensively. Nino
text: looks at him like he's crazy, as does everyone else in
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: NINO (contd)
dialog: Sit your five-dollar ass down
dialog: before T make change.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: (backing down)
dialog: Kareem bronght him to my attention
dialog: 1+» We have 390 people working for us.
dialog: I can't keep my eye on every single
dialog: one of them, Maybe if you was taking
dialog: care of business, instead of ...
text: Nino shoots a menacing lock to Gee Money —-
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Instead of what? ...
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Wothing,
text: Suddenly Nino strikes out, pulling the knife from his
text: walking stick and stabbing Kareem's hand, pinning it to
text: the table, Hs raps the dog’s chain leash quickly around
text: Kareem's neck choking him.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: i neyer did like you, pretty
dialog: muthafucka!
text: Duh Duh Duh calms Nines down, saving Kartoem's life,
speaker_heading: WINO (conta)
dialog: You know, Money, you slippin',
dialog: You lattin' some petty shit iLike
dialog: who I'm fuckin! affect you,
dialog: Nine iocks long an@ hard at Gee Honey; Gee Money wants ta
text: Stare hin hack, but drops His eyes -—
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 221 CONTD 221
speaker_heading: NINO [eontd) .
dialog: Brothers, something like this can
dialog: never happen again ... never,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 221A INT: SCOTTY'S LOFT - DAY a21p
text: Soctty pummels the heavy hag viciously as Morrio once
text: again picks the lock entering, He stares at Scotty,
speaker_heading: scoTry
dialog: You ain't invited and I ain't in
dialog: the mood to talk.
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (putting on gloves)
dialog: Ya know I'm Italian .,. my ancestors
dialog: brought a lotta drugs into this
dialog: country, I hate every one of those
dialog: fucks that kept the supply line goin’.
dialog: Scorry
dialog: (boxing Morric)
dialog: You want me to ory for your fucked up
dialog: history?
text: Suddenly Morrio knocks Scotty en his ass.
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: One: [ know what you're Feeling,
dialog: man; I've been there. Two: T
dialog: convinoad Gricks .., He's giving
dialog: us more time to nail Ninc.
dialog: scorry
dialog: (knocking Morrio down)
dialog: Three: Neyer drop your guard,
speaker_heading: 222 OMITTED 222
scene_heading: 222A EXT: ALLEY BEHIND FRANKIE'S STRIT JOINT - NIGHT 222P
text: Frankie Needles swaggers owt of the back door, Out of
text: nowhere, Scotty grabs him, and oxrio puts a gun to his
text: temples, flashing his badge.
speaker_heading: NORRIO
dialog: Behind door number cone, your body
text: is found busted up, and stinking,
dialog: scorry
dialog: Or decr number two you hook mé up with
text: Gee Money and gollect reward, Nina Srawn.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 222A coNTO 222A
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: tgrins)
dialog: Well, let's make a fuckin’ deal,,
dialog: Monte.
scene_heading: 2228 INT: FRANKIB'S STRIP JOIN? ~ NIGHT 2226
text: A sexy STRIPPER dances on the bar in BG, Frankie has
text: his arm draped around Morrio whe, with his hair slicked
text: back and Boss suit, looks surprisingly like a handsome
text: Frankie clone. Gee Money sits across from Scotty who
text: has been transformed into “Carlos Rivera," complete with
text: neat five-o'clock shadow.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: (playfully cuffing
dialog: Mortrio)
dialog: Us Ttaldan boys got to stick
dialog: together or the spics 'n' the
dialog: moulys here will be runnin’
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (jokes, hiding
dialog: his disgust)
dialog: Guide's ef the world unite.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Frankie, I warned Wino not to ...
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: lentting him off}
dialog: Hey, Listen, I was outa line too
dialog: «ss But you and me, we always had
dialog: an understandin', Besides, I
dialog: needed a haircut,
dialog: (indicating Morrio}
dialog: Now my cousin and his friend here
dialog: are hungry, and Tf got a feeling
dialog: they could give you a sweeter deal
dialog: than any Peruvian; enough to mayne
dialog: throw in a little finder's fee for
dialog: Frankze, huh?
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: (to Morris)
dialog: If I decided to swing with your
dialog: offer ...
dialog: scorry
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Yo, you insisted on meeting my supplier,
dialog: that’s okay. You met him. But from
dialog: now on, if we deal, you deal with ma,
speaker_heading: 222B
speaker_heading: 222¢c
dialog: 76*
speaker_heading: CONTD 222B
text: Morris nods, agreeing. Gee Money patises, then turns to
dialog: Scotty.
scene_heading: GEE. MONEY
dialog: You will cut me a side deal, twenty
dialog: percent. You will he obligated to
dialog: report to me and me only. Gimme
dialog: your number,
text: Scotty scribbles his number on a napkin, Gee Money grins.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY (contd)
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Now before I consider this offer
dialog: seriously, I think we haye te
dialog: inititate these two boys «.. right,
dialog: Frankie?
text: Frankie Needles grins ominously. Scotty and Morria are
text: shitting bricks.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: {cold)
dialog: No other way.
dialog: (to. Morric)
dialog: You choose fire or ica?
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (hesitating)
dialog: Hey, I don't get this shit ...
text: Scotty glares at him.
speaker_heading: MORRID (contd)
dialog: Okay ,.. Pire,
text: They all look to Scotty,
dialog: scorry
dialog: (calm)
dialog: Ice.
dialog: cur TO;
scene_heading: INT: FREAK ROOM = NicnT 222c
text: Frankie leads the guys through the club into the Freak
text: Room, The black light REVEALS sexy LADIES everywhere
text: handling the SPECIAL CLIENTS.
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: (slapping Frankié on back}
dialog: ¥o, Prankie, I can't tell you haw
dialog: much I missed your wop ass!
dialog: 
dialog: 222¢
dialog: 223-
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 7°
speaker_heading: conTD 222¢
text: A gorgeous oiied GIRL comes up to them with flame red
text: hair and shamelessly unbuttons Morrio’s shirt,
speaker_heading: ERANKTE
dialog: This’ is Fire!
text: Scotty and Morrie share a look, when suddenly a gigantic,
text: muscled LADY-YRESTLER-TYPR with silver mane of hair and
text: Gestring, blocks Scotty's path, towering over him,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: And this is Ica!
text: Ice drags Scotty off before God gets the news; the other
text: guys, including Morrio, can't help breaking into hysterics,
text: unnoticed, Frankie slips to a phone, picks it up ...
speaker_heading: FRANELE
dialog: Don Amato? Wino is about to itch!
speaker_heading: OMITTED 223-
dialog: 225
scene_heading: EXT: BILL ROBINSON BASKETBALL COURT - DAY 226
text: It’s a beautiful late-spring day. Wino and Gee Money
text: ars engaged in a fierce one-on-one basketball game,
text: They are pushing, shoviny, elbowing each other,
speaker_heading: ANGLE = YOUNG KIDS
text: Cheering Nino on, Nino frowns at them,
speaker_heading: NIHO
dialog: Yo, Shut the fack up!
scene_heading: ANGLE - DUH DUH DUH, KEISHA, AND KARBEM 227
dialog: look on, a bit embarrassed --
speaker_heading: ANGLE =. NINO 228
text: goes up for a lay-up; knocks Gee Maney to the ground in
dialog: the process,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Yol fuck is up?
speaker_heading: NENO
dialog: Shut up and play ball,
scene_heading: ANGLE - SCOTTY 229
text: approaching Wino and Gee Money on the court. Nino looks
text: at Scotty -~ and then cuts his eye teward the brethers -—
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 78*
scene_heading: ANGLE - BROTHERS 230
text: going for their guns, keeping a wary eye on Scotty --
speaker_heading: SCOTTY / RIVERA
dialog: (Spanish accent)
dialog: e+. The candy js sweet.
text: Although Keisha, Duh Duh Duh and Kareem don't take their
text: hands off of their Firepower, all of the brothers relax
text: a bit, except for Kaream. He eyes Scotty like he's seen
dialog: him before.
speaker_heading: KAREGM
dialog: {to Keisha)
dialog: Yo, T'ye seenhim semewhere before,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Mr. Rivera, I presume.
text: Scotty extends his hand. Before they can shake, Nino
text: knocks their hands away ~- Scotty is offended.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY /RIVERA
dialog: {Spanish accent}
dialog: What up, bro'?
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: T don's know who you really are,
dialog: bre’, that's what up, I know you're
dialog: Supposed to be this new contact, but
dialog: T don't trust you. §0 get the fuck
dialog: outta here,
text: Scotty tries ta calmly protest, but Nino snaps his fingers,
text: and all the brothers -~ even Nino and Gee Monéy -- train
text: their guns on Scotty ——
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WING (contd)
dialog: Money, I want you to escort Mr.
dialog: Rivera our of the court and off
dialog: the block. If he tries anything,
text: lullaby him.
text: Gee Money smiles, nods hia head. He escorts Scotty out
text: ef Bill Robinson, gun in the small of his hi -k-
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Don't forget our discussion in
dialog: Frankie's, I'm going to be the
dialog: next kingpin,
speaker_heading: OMITTED 231
dialog: 
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: 236-
dialog: 237
speaker_heading: 237A
dialog: 7a"
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ GEE MONEY - DAY 232
text: sits on the edge of the bed, sweating; the hand holding
text: his "glass dick"/crack pipe, is shaking, He talks nervously
dialog: On a European-style telephone --
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: e«- That's right, Nino, I checked
dialog: him cut, He's cooler than a fan
dialog: and his product is sixty percent
dialog: less than what the brothers are
dialog: payin’ new, That will free up a
dialog: lot of money to do more things ...
scene_heading: EXT: LIMO CRUTSING ON MAJOR DEEGAN EXPRESSWAY - DAY 233
speaker_heading: INSIDE LIMO
text: Duh Duh Duh is beside Nino who talks on the cellular phone
dialog: to Gee Money --
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: «~». Like take over another city
dialog: project. Let's roll with it,
dialog: and get stronger ...
scene_heading: INT: GSE MONEY'S AEDRQOM - DAY 234
dialog: Gee Money is even more enthused --
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: .«. Most definitely ...
scene_heading: INT: NINOfS LIMO - ANGLE ~ DAY 235
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: But Zt1l tell you something, Money -~-
speaker_heading: OMITTED 236°
dialog: 237
scene_heading: INT: WAREROUSE - DAY 237A
text: Bauhaus, Exposed beams, wires, big cailings.
text: Scotty -- bare-chested and sweating -- nervously is bound
text: and gagged in a chair, as Keisha and Duh Duh Duh have nine
text: millimeters at sach one of his temples,
speaker_heading: NING {VO)
dialog: If he is a cop, I'm gonna kill
dialog: him, and then T’m qohna kill you --
scene_heading: OROSS FADE INTO:
dialog: 
dialog: 238
dialog: 240
dialog: 242
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: ANGLE 2338
text: Kareem smashes Scotty's belt btickle carefully, then
text: breaks the heel off Scotty's shoe, looking for a
dialog: transmitter --
speaker_heading: HAREEM
dialog: It's a regular shoe, boss.
speaker_heading: ANGLE 239
text: Relieved, Scotty laughs through his gaq,. Reluctantly,
text: so do the others. Nino pulls gag off of Scotty's mouth.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY /RIVERA
dialog: You watch teo much “Get Smart,”
dialog: bro!.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: (tickled)
dialog: You might be right. But I'm always
dialog: careful, Now, let's do business.
text: Nino wnties Scotty, shakes his head.
scene_heading: EXT; BLOCK PARTY - DAY 240
dialog: Early afternoon in June, The construction is finished
text: on the Moab Community Center, lenox and Seventh Avenues
dialog: (on ldist Street) have been blocked of£ for this block
dialog: party,
speaker_heading: ANGLE 24t
text: As Teddy Riley masic shakes block down, REVEREND OATES
text: is giving a speech in front of the spanking naw facility
text: draped with brightly colored streamers, MIDDLE-AGED and
text: ELDERLY PEOPLE gather around Reverend Oates as he speaks,
text: but the YOUNG ADULTS, TEENS and KIDS eating hot dogs,
text: burgers, and ice cream, begin to gravitate toward an
text: expensively-dressed Nine Brown, who is walking into the
dialog: block with the Cash Money Brothers.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT! NEWSSTAND — DAY 242%
text: smack dab in the middle of ehe block.
text: The old man from the Frazier parade at the counter *
text: checking the paper. A YOUNG BLACK KID Sweeps the fliser;
text: TWO YOUNG BLACK KIDS rush over,
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: ¥o! He's out there! With the
dialog: bee-em. Givin' away free stuff!
dialog: ha
dialog: ti
dialog: fs
dialog: 244
dialog: gir
speaker_heading: CONTD 242
text: Kid throws down his broom. OWNER comes out from the back.
speaker_heading: ONNER
dialog: Whe is?
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Thr money man! Nino Brown! He's
dialog: on the block!
text: Rid is about to run outside with his friends.
speaker_heading: OLD MAW
dialog: Git yo" ass back here.
text: Reluctantly, kid comes back,
scene_heading: THEIR POV - NINO BROWN 243
text: Surrounded by adoring young fans, he thrives on the
text: attention, signs autographs. Hands out gift-wrapped
dialog: presents.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE 244
text: Old man and newsstand owner frozen,
speaker_heading: QUNTER
dialog: Rave mercy on us ,., he's like
dialog: Michael. Jackson to them ,..
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What you expect .., the pabers
dialog: and TV been playin’ him up,
speaker_heading: OWNER :
dialog: Gne boy told me that Nino is beatin"
dialog: the white man at his own game ..,
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Sonofabitch is an embarrassment ta
dialog: all black people.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: You know it.
speaker_heading: OLO MAN
text: The white man loves an ignorant
dialog: bastard like him; one who feeds
dialog: his people genocide in silk suits
dialog: and fancy cars.
text: Newsstand owner continues staring out.
speaker_heading: 244 CcONTD 244
text: Old man removes a worn German Luger from his jacket
text: pocket; loads the gun, and then quietly slips it back
text: in his pocket,
text: Newsstand owner returns to his cash reqister. The old
text: man leaves and walks into the street. Owner watches him
dialog: go, moved by the truth of what the oid man said,
scene_heading: 245 EXT: STREET - DAY 245
text: Young people gather around, Nino is flanked by the
dialog: brothers, including Gee Money, Duh Duh Duh and scotty/
dialog: Rivera.
text: Old man comes out of the newsstand. CAMERA FOLLOWS him
text: to the edge of the group.
speaker_heading: ObD MAN
dialog: I wanna talk to Nino Brown.
speaker_heading: SCOP?Y /RIVERA
dialog: I ain't like that, popi,
text: Qld man grabs Scotty by the lapel,
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Teil him I wanma talk ...
text: Old man teleases Scotty, who looks at him like he's crazy.
speaker_heading: _ OLD MAN (contd)
dialog: Right nowl!
text: People take notice.
speaker_heading: 246 SCOTTY'S POV = NINO 246
dialog: moving up the sidewalk. uh Duh Duh and Gee Money pnsh
text: through, followed by Keisha and Kareem, who are acknow-
text: ledging and goofing with the onlookers.
speaker_heading: 247 HOLD 247
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: T have come te haunt Nine Drown,
speaker_heading: KEISHA
dialog: (for others)
dialog: Haunt yourself, old man.
speaker_heading: VOLCES
dialog: Better step off, grandpa. Pick
dialog: around and get your Geritol ass
dialog: fucked up. Word .,.
dialog: 24?
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: CONTD 24a7
text: Kareem takes hold of the old man's arm. Remarkably agile
text: for his age, old man punches Karsem in the mouth. Screams,
text: shouts, wooos, Kareem falls to the concrate.
text: Several people take hold of the old man who keeps screaming
dialog: at Nino -—
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Tdol worshipper! You pray to that
dialog: white genie in the bottle, You're
dialog: killing people with your white
dialog: Wwitcheraft, those little devila
dialog: you put in little bottles. Youse
dialog: an idolater!
text: Reverend Oates is embarrassed; he tries to sneak out of
text: the block, but is unsuccessful.
speaker_heading: VOICE #i [OS)
dialog: What you know about this, Reverend
dialog: Oates?
speaker_heading: VOICE #2 (05)
dialog: it's a shame before God; he in league
dialog: with a drug dealer,
speaker_heading: VOICE #3 (05)
dialog: »« Like shaking hands with Satan ...
text: Duh Duh Dub steps up and smacks the old man in the jaw,
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Yo, kullaby the old bastard, Put
dialog: ‘en to sleep,
text: Nino waves people aside, moves to the old man who's
text: sprawled on the sidewalk, Stands over him menacingly.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Lock at you. In a yaar or two,
dialog: they'll be marking your tombstone.
dialog: But I'll be around,
text: Old man slowly stands, gathers himself.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: These kids, all these peaple run
dialog: up and gather ‘round you like you
dialog: God Almighty. Like you love them,
dialog: Demons ain't got no love,
dialog: a4
speaker_heading: 247 = SONTD 247
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: What you gonna give them? Some
dialog: of the same empty yang you riffin'
dialog: to me? Youse an old fool.
text: Nino tums and starts to walk away -«
text: Duh Dah Doh blocks the old man’s path -~
scene_heading: 248 INSERT - OLD MAN'S HAND 248
text: reaching for gun in his pocket.
speaker_heading: 249 ANGLE - OLD MAN 249
text: Femeves rusty Geman Luger, and is about to fire on
dialog: Nino <<
scene_heading: 250 ANGLE = SCOTTY /RIVERA 250
text: As the ola man's gun jams, Scotty rungs up behind old man
text: and pushes him te the ground --
text: Duh Duh Duh, Kareem, Keisha and Gee Money draw automatic
text: pistols from their pants and train them on the old man,
text: More screams and people scatter in eyery direction.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY / RIVERA
dialog: (quietly, to old man)
dialog: Don't do that; popi ... Come on,
speaker_heading: NOW .56
text: Nino swaggers back, starina a ¢hallenge at the old man,
text: Newsstand owner and kid emerge from his shop to take the
text: old man's arm. Sdotty relinquishes his hold as the owner
text: and kid escort the old man back into the shop.
text: PULL BACK, leaving Nino and his crew frozen in a monstrous
text: tableau on the sidewalk ~+ The rulers of New Jack City.
text: PAN UP TO ice-blue sky-~ *
speaker_heading: 251 OMITTED 251
speaker_heading: OISSOLVE TO;
scene_heading: 2514 INT: INDGOR POOL - DAY 251A *
text: as Nino dives into the pool, When he steps out, a
text: beautiful ORIENTAL GIRL hands him a towel. He takes
dialog: another sip of Cristal,
dialog: as
speaker_heading: 251A \conTo 251A
speaker_heading: 2518
speaker_heading: 2sic
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: This is some fly shit, huh? Like
dialog: some James Cagney, George Raft-
dialog: type shit,
speaker_heading: SCOLTY /RIVERA
dialog: That's how you livin’, bro’; like
text: a giant.
text: Nino leads Scotty into the steam room where they get a
dialog: Korean geisha massage.
scene_heading: INT: STEAM ROOM 2518
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: Yo, good looking-out, Dukes, an
dialog: that madness that happened earlier,
dialog: Gee Money fucked up again. He
dialog: should haye seen it coming, That
dialog: old man waa serious about tryin’
dialog: to do me.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY / RIVERA
dialog: Here's something you might not find
dialog: zo funny, bro', Your boy =~ Gee Money?
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY / RIVERA
dialog: He tried to cut a side deal with me.
text: Nino is very angry, but checks himself in Front of Scotty,
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Well-well-well-un-um-um, Can't
dialog: trust nobody, huh?
speaker_heading: SCOTTY / RIVERA
dialog: I got your back.
speaker_heading: NTNO
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Yeah? you da?
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: BXT: BAYH HOUSE ~ ROOFTOP - NIGHT zsic
text: The stars glisten, as Wino and Scotty sit on lawn chairs
text: -~ Folly dreased, impeccably @ressed, continuing their ¥
dialog: conversation from the steam bath -—-
dialog: 
speaker_heading: B&
speaker_heading: 261ce coNnTD 251c
text: Nino gets up and walks up to the rim of the raof; Looks
dialog: over and down -- :
scene_heading: RINO’S POV =~ HUMAN ANTS, TOY CARS, TINY BLINKING LIGHTS
text: the view of a giant -~
text: Nino takes a swig; he’s startin’ to get nice -— fingers
dialog: a beautiful leather African pendant around his neck +=
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: No education, no job, no hope, just
dialog: Say no? What the fuck could I have
dialog: said yes te? I'm the embodiment of
dialog: free enterprise. The American dream
dialog: come true,
speaker_heading: SCOTTY / RIVERA
dialog: Ts selling drugs like we do a dream
dialog: or a nightmare, bro'?
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Society denied me the chance to get
dialog: in on the bottom, so I came in at
dialog: the top my own way. I'm a business-
dialog: man just like the Capones, the
dialog: Vescos, the heads of state. We make
dialog: our own heaven and hell right here
dialog: on earth,
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I was born in hell.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY /RIVERA
dialog: We haven't seen hell yet -- this ara
dialog: is just the beginning of sorrows -—+
text: A beat, he takes a swig; looks down --
scene_heading: ANGLE. HUMAN ANTS”
speaker_heading: NINO (OS)
dialog: I feel like a fuckin" giant; © feel
dialog: Z could just squish them ants, like
dialog: it ain't nothin! -- I feel there
dialog: would be no retribution at all -=
dialog: I'm invincible,
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You ever feel like that? Tike you
dialog: could do shit, and get away with it?
speaker_heading: SCOTTY/ RIVERA
speaker_heading: Ne o-—
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: 251c CONTD 251¢
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Come on, Dokes; you never did
dialog: something so fucked-up that you
dialog: got away with it, and you never
dialog: told nobody -~
speaker_heading: SCOTTY / RIVERA
dialog: Well, one time, IT put on this ski-
dialog: mask, and bought a toy .355 magnum,
dialog: and rohbed this grocery store --
dialog: Mr. Broadnax, I got a bag of potato
dialog: chips, I got hit oy a oar the next
dialog: year.
dialog: Nino is amuaed.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: Se? What is that suppased to mean?
speaker_heading: SCOTTY /RIVERA
dialog: It means that life is a Pirelli tire
dialog: doing ninety miles an hour on the
dialog: P,D,R, Whatever goes around, comes
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: That's deep,
speaker_heading: SCOTTY / RIVERA
dialog: Your turn.
text: Nino takes a long swig from the bottle; he places it down
text: gently on the rug, He looks troubled.
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: When TI was sixteen, I was in tais ‘
dialog: crew called the L.A, Boys. One
dialog: day --
text: Nino’s voice is faltering -- Scotty is almost holding his
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: NINO (contd)
dialog: They said I had ta prove my loyalty *
dialog: by Killing semebody., i said, "An
dialog: enemy, or what?” He said, "No,
dialog: that's too easy, [t's gotta he an
dialog: ordinary person." So I. went down
dialog: to Llp3rd Street, got a bag of Red
dialog: Devil Angei Bust, smoked, and got
dialog: crazy zocted. I walked up --
dialog: (clears his ‘throat)
speaker_heading: . (MORE)
speaker_heading: aB*
speaker_heading: 251c conTD 251¢
dialog: 252
speaker_heading: NINO (contd)
dialog: on this lady -- I didn't know who
dialog: she was, and I was so high, I didn't
dialog: care ~= coming ont of P.S. 200 --
text: Look of terror, and shock on Scotty's face,
text: Scotty drops his head -- He's straining to control himself,
speaker_heading: NINO {contd)
text: Jughead had the gun planted on
dialog: this junkie he was uging to take
dialog: out other junkies who owed him
dialog: money.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You mast think I'n a demon, huh?
text: Scotty's eyes -- Pure hatred.
scene_heading: INT; SPOTLITE - DAY 252
text: Revelry. Jubilant. Raucous. ‘The PATRONS of the club
text: are tuxedo down, Hugo Boss, Armani; silk white jackets,
text: black silk pants. Keisha and OTHER WOMEN look flyin' in
text: white dresses.
text: A haute couture gangster dream. Basshouse Bugaloa is
text: pumping from the sound system.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ A TABLE
text: piled with exquisitelywrapped gifts, and envelopes marked:
dialog: "¥o the newlyweds."
speaker_heading: ANGLE — NENO
text: sits like an African chieftain in a finelv-erafted, high-
text: backed mahogany chair; Benin and Ibo culture semiotic are
text: carved into the ams and legs of the chair. Nino holds
text: the leash of his dog at his feet.
text: The GROOM comes over, hugs Nino. Nino hands hima fat
text: envelope; groom embraces Wino, walks off,
scene_heading: ANGLE - ‘REVEREND OATES
text: dressed impeccably as a Methodist minister in smock and
text: robe, approaches Wine,
speaker_heading: REVEREND OATES
dialog: It's the time, son,
text: Nino motices Scotty is gone.
dialog: 
dialog: 83
scene_heading: 252A INT: SPOTLITE OFFICE = bAY 252A
text: Scotty unlocks a window, expertly Blipping in a piece of
text: copper from his pocket to connect the alarm current
dialog: and not set it off,
speaker_heading: Nino (0s)
dialog: Yo, Rivera; where are you? It's
dialog: time to step!
text: 2528 Scotty leaves. As he reenters main club room, 25238
text: Kareem smokes him over; still can't remember where he’s
text: sean Scotty before. Scotty joins everyone,
speaker_heading: WIND
dialog: Where were you?
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: Getting some shit out of the syetem.
text: Everyone looks at each other, puzzled; then they laugh,
dialog: except Kareeti,
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: Well, when you gotta go, you gotta go.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 252c INT: CATHEDRAL - DAY 252¢
dialog: A wedding, It's beautiful; black people dressed right
text: out of the pages of G.O. and Blle. PAN icons and stained-
text: glass of church.
text: Reverend Oates and his DAUGATER, FLOWER GIRL PROCESSION
text: led by a doll«like SIX-YFAR-OLD. The groom,
scene_heading: 252D INT: SPOTLIGHT OFFICE ~ DAY 2520
dialog: INTERCUT this scene as needed,
text: A) Morrio expertly climbing into the Spotlite office +
dialog: window that Scotty left open,
text: B) He searches office, cracks safe.
dialog: c) Morrie narrowly escapes the wrath of Nino's dag -
text: who surprises him.
text: D) Morrison eventually steals a floppy disk marked
scene_heading: “PINANCTAL REPORTS. "
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 2525
speaker_heading: 453
dialog: 254-
dialog: 260
dialog: 26i
dialog: 262
dialog: 263
dialog: 264
dialog: on
speaker_heading: ANGLE - ALTA 2525
text: The ceremony. Reverend Oates conducts the ceremony.
text: The man and woman exchange vows, rings, kiss and glue to
dialog: each other forever. Amen.
scene_heading: EXT: GRANT'S TOMB 253
scene_heading: ANGLE - SINGER BILLY BOSS
text: singing something as excited FOLKS celebrate, drinking
text: and eating refreshments, a full-ovt party.
speaker_heading: ANGLE = TNO CARS
text: pull up near the church, unnoticed. TWO ITALIAN HEN
text: get out, in dark glasses, speaking on walkie=talkies.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 254-
dialog: 260
scene_heading: ERT: GRANT’S TOMB - DAY 261
scene_heading: SIDE ANGLE — OUTSIDE
text: Suddenly a LITTLE KIN screams. People come running as '
text: Duh Duh Duh stumbles in the crowd bleeding, i
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ~ OUTSIDE 262
text: Blood and automatic ounFire everywhere.
scene_heading: ANGLE — FRIGHTENING CONFUSION 263
text: The wedding people ate ranning for cover, in doorways,
dialog: in alleys, under wars,
speaker_heading: ANGLE =~ ITALIANS 264
text: are really hit men from the Armeteo family, armed with
text: Usis and AK-47s, They spray the sidewalk with bullets,
speaker_heading: ANGLE - GROOM 2644
text: jumps in front of his wife; withdraws badge and gun,
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: i'm a police officer; put your
dialog: hand --
text: He is cut to shreds with bullets. wis brand new widow
dialog: Sereans, runs for cover,
speaker_heading: OMITTED 265
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 270
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: 272A
dialog: 91
scene_heading: ANGLE - REVEREND OATES 266
text: Wamps into 4 nearby dumpster for caver,
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ NINO, GEE MONEY, KEISHA, KAREEM, scorty/ 267
speaker_heading: RIVIERA
text: erouch and line up behind a Jeep, firing om the Italians.
speaker_heading: ANGLE 268
text: In the heat of battle, Scotty realizes he has a clear
text: shot at Nino. He raises his gun, points it at Nine's
dialog: head -~
speaker_heading: NINO {VO)
dialog: T didn't stay to see her hody drop;
dialog: i just ran,
text: -- changes his mind; he returns fire at the Italians,
speaker_heading: ANGLE = RETSHA 269
text: nails one of the Italians with two shots that pierce
text: his chest.
speaker_heading: ANGLE = ITALIANS 270
text: Scramble to get back inside their cars and hightail it
text: out of the biock.
speaker_heading: ANGLE -— KEISHA 271
text: breaks Rambo-style -- an Uzi im one hand, an AK-47 in
text: the other, She runs into the street firing at the
text: Ttalians, savagely taking down two more.
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ ONE OF THE TTALIANS 272
text: takes careful aim, and cuts Keisha down in the middle of
text: the street, Blood pours all over her body, as she falls
text: limp in the street,
speaker_heading: ANGLE = NINO 272A
text: Sees one of the Italians aiming at him; he runs to
dialog: qrab the Little flower girl from the £rightened sacents'
text: grasp. We runs for coyer, using her as a shielé. She
text: is cut open like a water balloon. Her £ather tries to
text: help his baby, He is killed,
speaker_heading: ANGLE - MOTHER
text: screaming. Tn shock,
dialog: cy
dialog: a
dialog: a
speaker_heading: 2738
dialog: 274
dialog: 92
scene_heading: ‘SERIES OF QUICK IMAGES 273
text: Pink ribbon skids in the breeze. r
text: Mother, father and toddler daughter lie lifeless and
text: bloody on tenement stoop.
text: Gee Money cradling Keisha's head in his are, crying.
text: Duh Duh Duh is trying to say something; Nano movas in
dialog: closer --
speaker_heading: DUH DUH DUH
dialog: (weaklyj
dialog: They said .,, Don Armeteo wanted
dialog: to say ... hello ...
scene_heading: ANGLE - SCOTTY 273
text: locks at Wino, and can't believe how much of a monster
dialog: he is.
scene_heading: INT; JUDGE'S CHAMBERS - DAY o7a
text: JOHN LAWSON sits on a desk, examines the floppy disk.
text: Bricks stands next to him,
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: Lawson and myself go way back
dialog: to law school. He's been assigned
dialog: as the prosecuting attorney.
dialog: scorry
dialog: You know that sonofabitch used a
text: little girl as his bulletproof vest.
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: He's still'gonna fall.
dialog: ' ' MORRIO °
dialog: \{, {palling out photo)
dialog: Sooks like they've taken over the
dialog: Blisington already.
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: We've got to take him down right
dialog: once and for all.
dialog: (holding up disk)
dialog: This is a start, but it's not enough,
dialog: 274
dialog: 275-
speaker_heading: 277
dialog: 278
dialog: 33*
speaker_heading: CONTD 274
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: What about Pookie's videa? ~
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: I've gone over it. It helps, but
dialog: it’s still not enough..,.. because
dialog: Ning's not in any of the video
text: tapes at the Carter. He's becoming
dialog: Mr. Untouchable,
dialog: scorry
dialog: So, how many more people have to
dialog: die, man? IL conlda killed this
dialog: muthafucka today, myself!
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Can we catch him in a drug buy or
dialog: get 4a witness not afraid to testify
dialog: in court and commect all the dots?
dialog: Nino’s got incredible connections.
dialog: Can we nail any of them? Tie them
dialog: to Nina?
speaker_heading: ScorrTy
dialog: Listen. We set the Brothers up
dialog: to buy from me and I’ve made sure
dialog: Nino doesn't trust Gee Money.
speaker_heading: MORRTO
dialog: Well, get it ali on film,
speaker_heading: OMITTED 275-
speaker_heading: 277
scene_heading: INT: SPOTLITE OFFICE - DAY 278
speaker_heading: ANGLE — NINO
text: seated in his royal African throne: Drinking from a bottle
text: ef Cristal with one hand, holding on to the axmh rests
text: tightly with the other to keep from going eff on Selina;
text: Scotty, Gee Money, Duh Ouh Buh and Kareem sit around
text: unonmfortebhly. waiting for Wino to explode.
speaker_heading: ANGLE « SELINA
text: pacing back and forth, reading Nino his rights.
speaker_heading: SELINA
dialog: T love you, but I can't take it
dialog: anymore, Nino. The blood, the
dialog: carnage, the lies. You parade
speaker_heading: (MORE}
dialog: 
dialog: 278
speaker_heading: 279
dialog: 280
speaker_heading: 281
speaker_heading: CONTD 278
speaker_heading: SELINA (contd)
dialog: that bitch Uniqua in front of me,
dialog: in front of everybody, like it
dialog: ain't oothing. After all I've
dialog: done for you --
text: In a flash, Nino gets up, left hooks her; as she is down
text: on the floor, he shakes up the bottle of champagne piss
text: down on her. she is drenched, furious,
speaker_heading: SELINA (contd)
dialog: (ferions}
dialog: Anathema te your soul!
text: Scotty helps her tp.
text: Selina braces herself against Scotty ... glares ast flino.
text: Scotty escorts her out. Wino is unaffected,
speaker_heading: NINO.
dialog: Cancel that bitch. I'11 buy another
dialog: one.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: i don't believe in that superstitious
dialog: shit, anyway.
scene_heading: INSERT - DUH DUH DUH‘S HANDS 279
text: wrapped in bandages,
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE 220
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: fon phone)
dialog: «ee What do vou Mean, you made me ...
scene_heading: EXT: SPARTAN'’S SOCIAL CLUB - DAY 281
text: A storefront on East 116th Street, A FEW MIDDLE-AGED,
text: PORTLY ITALIAN MEN -- some in silk suits, some in colorful
text: knit shixts and porkpie hats -- sit on lounge chaits in
text: front of Spartan's. DON ARMETEO, if a money-green silk
text: suit, paces the cenerete, speaking on a cellular phone,
speaker_heading: DON ARMETEO
dialog: We made you ,.. Ye gave you every—
dialog: thing. Shagagay's, the Spotlite,
dialog: the street corners. You got cute,
dialog: nigga, and so had to gat spanked ...
scene_heading: INT: SPOTLITE OFFICE - DAY 2392
dialog: Nine is steamed,
dialog: 
dialog: 282
dialog: 234
dialog: 285
dialog: 286
dialog: 287-
dialog: 292
speaker_heading: 2518
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CONTD 282
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: sa. I invented crack. ZT own this
dialog: city, you fuckin’ spaghetti-eatin',
dialog: Slicked-back, greasy~haired bitch --
text: Nino hears the phone click, Don Axmeteo hung up, Nino
dialog: neds ta Duh Duh Duh,
scene_heading: EXT: SPARTAN'S SOCIAL CLUB - DAY 283
text: Don Armeteo and his men share a laugh about something.
scene_heading: ANGLE - A HIGH-TECH MOTORCYCLE 294
text: roars fast down 115th Street --
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - TWO MEN 285
text: dressed in all black, and black noods -- one literally
text: riding shotgun with his back to the driver, and holding
text: two Uzis -— are zooming down the street,
text: Before the den and his men in Front of the Spartan can
text: react, the motoreycis is on the sidewalk; a torrent of
text: automatic fire kills the don and every single man in
text: front of the club, Burst of blood like red rain pours
text: into the gutter, The motorcycle jets off as quick as
dialog: it came.
scene_heading: INT: SPRING VALLEY MANSION - BEDROOM - NIGHT 286
speaker_heading: ANGLE — NINO
text: sits on a lounger near the bed, his black executioner's
text: hood in one hand, stroking his black rottweiler with the
text: other, He has one of Selina's tarot cards in his hand.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - THE CARD OF DEATH
text: WE PUSH IN ON his evil face,
speaker_heading: OMITTED 287-
dialog: 291 *
scene_heading: EXT: ROOFTOP — DAY 291A
text: Across the street from the garage, Park looks through
text: a high-powered video camera at all the activity going
text: on in the garage,
dialog: 
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: 292A
speaker_heading: 2928
dialog: 292
dialog: 96
scene_heading: INT; GARAGE - DAY 292
scene_heading: CLOSE UP = TRUNK GF BMy
text: Tzxunk opens, hands reach in to pull out a briefcase.
text: PAN UP TO REVEAD Scotty.
speaker_heading: SCcorry
dialog: (pauses, coolly)
dialog: So where's my money?
speaker_heading: WING
dialog: {cold as ice)
dialog: Open the briefcase,
scene_heading: EXT: STREET/INT; UNMARKED POLICE CAR - DAY
scene_heading: CLOSE UP = MORRIO AND BRICKS
text: looking tense,
speaker_heading: MORRIO, _ *
dialog: {into walkie-talkie)
dialog: What the fuck's taking him so long?
scene_heading: EXT ROOFTOP - DAY 23925
text: Park watching through a scope,
speaker_heading: PARK
dialog: {in walkie-talkie)
dialog: Nine's not moving ... shit:
scene_heading: INT; GARAGE — DAY 2926
speaker_heading: scoTpy
dialog: (trying to keep his
dialog: cool)
dialog: I thought we were friends,
speaker_heading: “NINO
dialog: This ain't personal. Friends are
dialog: friends.
dialog: (moving in)
dialog: This is business.
text: Kareem holds up a briefcase of money as the brothers
text: ehaft uneasily, as if rexAy for anything
scene_heading: CLOSE UP ~ SCOTTY
text: nervous as hell as he opens up his own briefcase.
dialog: scorry
dialog: It*=e all here, man.
speaker_heading: 2392c¢
speaker_heading: 292D
dialog: 2925
dialog: ( 37
speaker_heading: CONTD 292¢
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - KAREEM
text: watching Scotty as Scotty reaches inta the case, pulling
text: aut the dope. Suddenly Kareem flashes hack to the
text: playground where he first saw Scotty.
speaker_heading: KAREEM
dialog: Yo, I knew I knew Rivera -= He's
dialog: Pive~0l
text: Gee Money breaks away from Nino and leaps out. TOWARDS
text: CAMERA. He pushes Nino into the warehouse,
speaker_heading: CEE MONEY
dialog: Ditch it!
dialog: ey,
text: Nino hesitates, looks in both directions, runs into the *-
text: darkness of the warehouse with Gee Money. a
dialog: 
dialog: co
scene_heading: EXT: STREET = DAY \ 292p cA
text: Police cars screech to a halt, surrounding the building,
text: some circling back around to cut it off,
text: Morrison, Park and Bricks ali jump from their cars, guns
dialog: drawn.
scene_heading: INT: GARAGE = DAY 2925
text: Wino, Gee Money and Kareem start to run out the entrance
text: and are pursued by law enforcemént officers.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE .
text: Duh Duh Duh fires wildly at»a couple of the agents, missing,
text: Morrison Eires at Duh Duh’ Duh, hitting him twice in the
text: head, once in the chest; Duh Duh Duh falls to the ground,
text: bloody and lifeless,
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Nino and Kareem get away. Gee Money tries to shoot it
text: out with Gricks; he gets wounded in the shoulder, He
text: puts "two" in Bricks -- Gee Money escapes.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SCOTTY
text: xuns over to a bleeding Bricks; cradles his head in his
dialog: hands --
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: Come on, hang in, man.
dialog: 
dialog: 26*
speaker_heading: 292E CONTD 2925
speaker_heading: 292F
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: {to a cop)
dialog: Get an ambulance!
text: Bricks spitsup bload,
scene_heading: INT: HOSPITAL - NIGHT 29aF
scene_heading: OVERHEAD SHOT ~ SCOTTY SITS SY BRICKS' SIDE
text: Bricks is asleep and hooked up to tubes, but Scotty
text: just seems content to be near his old friend,
text: Morrig is there, too.
text: Suddenly Bricks stirs; it takes a moment but he
text: recognizes Scotty and beckons him closer.
dialog: scoTTry
dialog: Rest, man, No need to talk,
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: Se ... Scotty.
dialog: scorry
dialog: It's cool, Rest, man.
text: Scotty smiles, holding back emotian,
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: Hey Scotty; get Nino before
dialog: he gets you ... “By any means
dialog: necessary."
text: Bricks closes his eyes, fatigued, as MACKINTOSH, an
text: elder high-ranking officer entsrs the room,
speaker_heading: MACKINTOSA
dialog: (gold)
dialog: Detectives Applegate and Morrio?
text: Both cops nod the affirmative.
speaker_heading: MACKINTOSH (contd)
dialog: ipissed)
dialog: The operation has been terminated,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: 292F
dialog: 253-
dialog: 294
speaker_heading: 294A
dialog: 39%
speaker_heading: CON TD. 292F
speaker_heading: MACKINTOSH (contd)
dialog: Eoth of you are suspended ...
dialog: And when Bricks feels better,
dialog: let him kpow his status is under
dialog: review.
text: Scotty reacts, pissed, but Morrio holds him back as
text: Mackintosh exits the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TOr
speaker_heading: OMITTED 293-
dialog: 294
scene_heading: BRT: SCOTTY'S LOFT -— NIGHT 294A
text: Two tiny figures sitting on top of Sactty's dome
dialog: loft.
text: PUSH IN; it's Morrico and Scotty overlooking a
text: twinkling Manhattan, drunk as shit. Scotty breaks
text: the silence, plays a beautiful tune on an old
text: harmonica, then stops.
speaker_heading: scorrTy
dialog: (pensive)
dialog: You know, I did gat Pookie
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: MORRTO
dialog: You're on some new self-pity
dialog: shit. I ain't with it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What happened to the war we
dialog: Were supposed to fight?
text: Seotty just shakes his head.
dialog: Sscorry .
dialog: Don't you see we're losing the
dialog: war?
text: Morrio qrabs Scorty, shakes tim.
speaker_heading: 234A CONTR
dialog: ipo*
speaker_heading: 294A
speaker_heading: MORRTIO
dialog: You're the one who cailed it
dialog: a war, remember?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Got a brother, Anthony, He's
dialog: a fuckin' vegetable. In '7?
dialog: he smoked a bag of dust he
dialog: bought from a dago. He jumped
dialog: Off our roof. He thought
dialog: Avenue U had tumed inta a
dialog: pool,
text: Scotty is surprised; feels sorry for Morrio.
speaker_heading: 3945 EXT:
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: I'm sorry, Ahab. I didn't
dialog: know --
speaker_heading: MORRIG
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: You freakin’ assumed, Like my
dialog: father did a month before
dialog: Tony's Olympic dive, Dad used
text: to sit around the dinner table,
dialog: talkin' about how the jungle
dialog: bunnies in Harlem were going
dialog: crazy with the Angel Dust,
dialog: serewin' up his construction
dialog: site,
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Walls, Scotty, that's what's
dialog: fucked up about America, The
dialog: only way to tear down the
dialog: walls, to beat Nino Brown,
dialog: is to take the war to him.
dialog: Later for this by-the-books
dialog: cops shit. Let's go after him
dialog: as fuckin’ outraged members of
dialog: the community.
dialog: Scorry
dialog: I see why Bricks put us tagether.
dialog: We're both too far motherfuckin'
dialog: eut to save the world,
scene_heading: MACOMBS BRIDGE - NIGHT 25948
text: Wino is looking through the mesh fence into the murky
text: depths, toying with the handle of his deadly walking
dialog: stick.
text: Gee Money walks towards him, approaching
text: cautiousiy, nervously.
speaker_heading: 2948 CONTD
dialog: ioe
speaker_heading: 294B
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: How you livin', my brother?
text: Nino's eyss turn inta daggers --
dialog: Gee Money
speaker_heading: NING.
dialog: (raw)
dialog: You cut a muthafuckin!' side deal
dialog: with him, didn't you?
text: is visibly shocked by this revelatioy,
speaker_heading: GEE MONEY
dialog: Who told you -- He tald you that
dialog: shit?
dialog: {fumbling for words)
speaker_heading: WINO
dialog: Look at. Cain, my brother's keeper;
dialog: stumblin'! and fumblin‘. Daen't lose
dialog: no sleep over it. I'm net going
dialog: to wait for him to find me, I'm
dialog: going ta find him,
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ INO
dialog: grabs Gee
dialog: pulls out
dialog: Money.
text: Money by the lapels, reaches in his pocket,
text: a crack pipe oyser an emotionally-broken Gee
speaker_heading: VINO
dialog: And I know you ain't, sither --
dialog: fuckin' with this shit --
text: Nino tosses pipe over the bridge's mesh fence; it falls
text: into the murky depths,
dialog: Nino (conta)
dialog: Now I see how you let that mutha-
dialog: fucker infiltrate; you were used,
dialog: you fool, But I'ili tell you some-
dialog: thing that can keep me from killing
dialog: you tight new. You better Kil’ that
dialog: gop and kill him dead, Money. Or
dialog: E'm going to kill you.
text: Nino walks off ints the night, as Gee Money shudders on
dialog: the ground,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 295=
dialog: 206
dialog: 307
speaker_heading: 307A
dialog: 102+
speaker_heading: OMITTED 295-
dialog: 306
scene_heading: EX": STREET - DAY 307
text: Morrio and Seotty amble along munching pizza, in last
dialog: night's clothes,
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Somethin' I been meaning to ask
dialog: you; that chick, Ice *- did you
dialog: bust the poo-poo, or what?
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
text: (laughing, patting
dialog: his butt)
dialog: Man, kiss the baby.
text: They turn a corner. Scotty stops in front of a school,
text: pensive.
scene_heading: EXT: BS.
scene_heading: 200 SCHOGLYARD - DAY 3074
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: Your moms waa @ principal here,
dialog: right?
text: Scotty leoks at Morrio as if to say, “How'd you know?"
speaker_heading: MORRTO (contd)
dialog: (walking ahead)
dialog: I'm a cop, remember.
text: Beatty watches as some of the beautiful CHILDREW play
text: With the TEACHER,
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Tf you just say no, what are
dialog: you going to say yes to? Yes
dialog: to education.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: (in. pledge allegiance
dialog: unison)
dialog: We say yes to aducation, we say
dialog: yes to dedication. We climb up to
dialog: a higher station of new spiritual
dialog: motivation to make a positive impact
dialog: on our nation.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TU:
speaker_heading: 307A
dialog: 308
dialog: 303
dialog: gio
speaker_heading: 311
dialog: 312
dialog: 313-
speaker_heading: 316A
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: ‘CONTD 307A
speaker_heading: ANGLE — SCOTTY
text: leans om the chain link fence, and smiles at all of the
text: electric activity of the youth, until he looks down at
text: his feet -- the smile fades --
scene_heading: INSERT = EMPTY CRACK VIALS, AND THEIR. COLORED TOPS 30
scene_heading: ANGLE - SCOTTY 302
text: sadly reads his mother's words of wisdom,
text: An interesting, hand-painted sign on thé chain link,
speaker_heading: INSERT - SIGN 340
scene_heading: “EACH GRADE YOUR CHILD GRADUATES REPRESENTS ANOTHER STEP
text: IN THEIR FUTURE."
dialog: ~ Geneva Appleton
dialog: Principal 1964-1976
speaker_heading: ANGLE - A JEEP 311
text: pulls slowly, quietly axound ‘the corner of the schaol.
dialog: cy
speaker_heading: INT: JEEP 31
text: Gee Money takes a hit off of a crack pipe; his eyes
text: are glassy, He takes out an Uzi and rolls down the
text: window. Teenager from newspaper stend is at the wheel --
text: Gee Money leans sut of the window, fires, simultaneously.
text: Morrio knocks Scotty to the ground, Gee Money hits a e
text: school kid, but misses Scotty.
speaker_heading: ANGLES
text: Scotty rplls on ground, removes his Uzi handgun, and
text: fires several rounds into the Jeep that has beyun to try
dialog: and jet off,
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ JEEP
dialog: 
text: moves in a straight line, beg: \s. gigzagaing and crashing
dialog: into sebnol wall. ff
text: Both Gee Money and the kid“are dead.
speaker_heading: OMITTED a13-
dialog: alea
speaker_heading: 316AA BOAT BASIN SlEAA
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 3168
dialog: Alec
dialog: 316ce
speaker_heading: 316D
speaker_heading: 3145
speaker_heading: 1oA®
scene_heading: EXT; HARLEM BLOCK ~ NIGHT 3i6B
text: Seotty runs up on the stoop we saw in the beginning of
text: the film -- WE REPLAY the exact same scene, only this
dialog: time WE SEE that the cop who's asking where Nina lives
text: is, in fact, Scotty.
text: As before, Scotty corners the tall kid in the alley, but
dialog: this time we play out his whole speech.
speaker_heading: TALL KID
dialog: (xight into camera)
dialog: Yeah. I know where the fuck Wino
dialog: lives. He beat this kid who was
dialog: gsceramblin' for him with a Louisville
text: Slugger, poured gasoline on him and
text: set him on fire after he shorted him
dialog: $5.00,
dialog: (tears in his eyes)
dialog: I hope one Gf you cops will kill
dialog: that metherfucker. He's upstairs,
dialog: apartment 6C, but watch out, he
text: has a bodyguard on the roofi
scene_heading: EXT: NINO'S ROOFTOP - NIGHT 315¢
text: One of Nino's bodyguards lights e Cuban sigar. Suddenly
text: a long cord wraps around hia neck, Morrio chokes him
text: with lightning speed, Scotty snatches thse man's cigar
text: and takes a puff, Horrio then removes a high-tech sub-
text: machine gun with laser and silencer and tuns back inside
dialog: building.
scene_heading: IN’: ‘ROOF STAIRCASE - NIGHT 3Lecc
text: Morrio takes out two of Nino's bodyguards,
scene_heading: INT: WINO'S SECRET APARTMENT ~- NIGHT 316D
text: Plush studio -= Nino is in his boxers on sofa; and
text: Uniqua kissing his stomach «~ his dog watches them
text: curiously, then bears something upstairs; he looks
dialog: out window,
scene_heading: EXT: BUILDING - NIGHT 3165
text: Crowd begins to form; familiar faces in crowd -- Old man,
text: the widow, Mrs, Gathers -- whose daughter Nino used as a
text: shield in wedding gunfight -- the tall kid from the stoop,
dialog: and others ——
scene_heading: Scorty's POV - THE WINDOW
text: Literally rushing at us with lightning speed,
dialog: 105
scene_heading: 316F ENT: APARTMENT 316F
speaker_heading: 3166
speaker_heading: 3168
text: The window explodes as Seotty comes swinging through,
text: riding on the bodyguard, Nino goes for his qun, blasting
text: his own man as Scotty bails.
text: The dog surprises Scotty, leaping up, clamping Scotty's
text: arm in a death grip, but Scotty burns the shit out of his
text: snont with the cigar, as suddenly Nino kills the lights,
text: ear eaaas goes silent except for the sound of the whining
dialog: Og.
text: Seotty's heart races.
text: Suddenly Uniqua lashes cut with a butcher knife, Scotty
text: ducks and punches her out cold. She falis over the couch.
text: Out of nowhere Nino jumps down from a balcony, firing.
text: Scotty rolls. They go for each other like wild men,
text: tooth and nail, as the weapon skids out of reach,
dialog: Wino gets the best of him, the guy can really fight; he
text: is bruising Scotty up pretty bad. Just as Ning is about
text: to finish him off -- Scotty fights brutally, jailhouse-
dialog: street.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT: NINO'S FIRE ESCAPE 316G
text: as the sun starts to come up. Window flies open -—
text: Scotty drags Nina out onto the dateel fixe escape, still
dialog: whipping him,
dialog: scorry %
dialog: tiere are you ants, Insect King,
dialog: (louder)
dialog: I gst your ants, for you —~
scene_heading: ANGLE - SIDEWALK 316H
speaker_heading: scoTTy
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: These are the ones you would squash
dialog: and kill -~ with no retribution -—
dialog: Tis ain't business, bitch ... this
dialog: is personal,
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SCOTTY
text: is beating 4 bruised, bloody and almast -- with the
text: exception of his boxer shorts -- butt—-naked Wino down by
text: a tire hydrant. Scotty rips African pendant from Nino's
dialog: neck -= Crowd reacts.
dialog: 
dialog: 106%
speaker_heading: 3i6H conTD 3168
dialog: scorry
dialog: How can you poison our peaple and
dialog: wear the Mother of Africa pendant?
dialog: You don'r¢ desarve it!
speaker_heading: VOICE 41
dialog: Rill the motherfucker.
speaker_heading: VOICE #2
dialog: The murderer of our community, of
dialog: our children.
text: BABIES in carriages and strollers wail --
speaker_heading: ANGLE - scoTTy
text: He is crazed, He begins to beat cown Nino some mora as
text: group #ggs him on, Morrio joins Scotty.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: {as one)
dialog: Kill him! Kill him!
text: Suddenly Bricks' car screeches around the corner and
text: speeds down the block. Bricks leaps aut of the car,
text: arm in a sling, followed by Selina. Just asa Seotty is
text: about to administer the death blow, Bricks, grabs Scotty,
text: restraining him.
speaker_heading: BRICKS
dialog: No, Scotty. Me can't go out like
dialog: this.
dialog: Both Morrio and Scotty moye to do Nino until;
speaker_heading: SELINA
dialog: (strong)
dialog: Rill him and you're no better ‘than
dialog: he is ... I'll testify against him.
text: Nino glares death at ner,
speaker_heading: SELINA (contd)
dialog: That's right, even if it means my
dialog: life I'll testiz,;,
speaker_heading: WINS
dialog: (whispering to Scotty)
dialog: I'll be out in a Week, You're a
dialog: dead man.
speaker_heading: 317- OMITTED aLf=
dialog: az2 332
dialog: 333
dialog: 334
dialog: 335
dialog: 107
scene_heading: INT: BRONX COUNTY COURTHOUSE - MAIN COURTROOM - DAY 333
text: PAN a oORZ OF TWELVE; a cross section of Black, White
dialog: and Latino peogle, Hear VO of State Prosecuter John
dialog: Lawson.
speaker_heading: LAWSON (VO)
dialog: We're here today to prove beyond a
dialog: Yeasonable doubt, that Ning Brown
dialog: is guilty as charged; ten counts
dialog: o£ drug rrafficking, one count of
dialog: assault with intent to commit murder,
dialog: and three counts of first-degree
dialog: homicide.
dialog: Lawson addresses jury,
speaker_heading: LAWSON (contd)
dialog: It is your duty as jurors -~
dialog: respectable citizens of the community
dialog: to decide whether this man is
dialog: innocent or guiity.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SPECTATORS' GALLERY - BRONX COURTHOUSE
text: packed with spectators, comrades of CMB, victims of OMB.
text: Selina, Kareem, Frazier, Reverend Oates, and Frankie
text: Needles sit right behind the pressctuion tables,
scene_heading: ANGLE - DEFENSE TABLE
text: A nervous but cautious Nino with his lawyer, JED KURTZ, 2
text: smamm-meister in an Armani suit,
scene_heading: ANGLE - PROSECUTION TABLE
text: An anxious Morrio, a pensive Scotty, even Bricks, his
text: arm in a sling.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SPECTATORS‘ GALLERY
speaker_heading: MONTAGE SCENE 334
text: Kareem on Witness stand being grilled by Lawson,
text: Fragier on witness stand. Frankie Needles on witness
text: stand. Selina on witness stand, in tears.
speaker_heading: SELINA
dialog: ¥es, he is all those things and more,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ NING ON WITNESS STAND 335
text: Questioned by Lawson, Nino looks like a rat backed into
text: a corner.
dialog: los
speaker_heading: $35 coNTD 335
speaker_heading: DANSON
dialog: Mr, Brown, you've heard all of the
dialog: witnesses!’ testimony. Do you still
dialog: maintain you are not guilty as
dialog: charged?
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: (pauses; defiant)
dialog: That's right, ‘You're guilty .,.
dialog: (as the court reacts)
dialog: Yeah, lawmakers like you and
dialog: politicians. and Colombian druq
dialog: tords who all lobby against making
dialog: drugs legal just like they did *
dialog: with alcohol during Prohibition
dialog: are guilty. This scenario is
text: bigger than just Nino Brown's,
dialog: this is the American way ..+
scene_heading: ANGLE - FACES OF JuRY¥
text: Despite their better judgement, some are impressed by
text: Nino's testimony, Morrio and Scotty seem concarned.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: (handing some photos
dialog: to Mino}
dialog: Mr. Brown, I’m sure the court has
dialog: been enlightened by your geo-
dialog: political tirade, but unfortunately,
dialog: socisty at large is not on trial
dialog: here .,. You are on trial, Mr, Brown,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ~ LAWSON
text: showing bicture of dead girl to the court.
speaker_heading: LARSON
dialog: Mr. Brown, were you or were you not
text: head of the murderous drug-dealing
dialog: cartel, GMB, that was responsibls
dialog: for this child's death?
dialog: (as he's showing
dialog: the pictures)
dialog: And Wany more like her,
dialog: Nino
dialog: (quietly, obviously
dialog: upset)
dialog: YES. .56
dialog: 345
speaker_heading: 3326
speaker_heading: CON TD 335
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Speak up, Mr, Brown,
speaker_heading: ‘NINO
dialog: Yes, I was a member, but f was
dialog: forced into this way of life ..,
dialog: I started dealing drugs when I
dialog: was twelve, I didn't have an
dialog: editcation like you, Mr. Lawson.
dialog: i had nothing, Sure, T wanted
dialog: out, but they threatened to kill
dialog: my mother.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: Fuck this soap opera shit. He's
text: a rabid dog.
speaker_heading: MORRIO .
dialog: And we're gonna send his ass to
dialog: the pound,
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Who are you talking about, Mr,
dialog: Brown?
speaker_heading: NINO
dialog: (breaking dowa)
dialog: Them ..-
text: Kareem and Unigea both react to Minots outburst.
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Whe?
speaker_heading: NING
dialog: Look at him; Kareem Akbar. He's ©
dialog: the educated brother from Citibank,
dialog: The braing behind it all ... I was
dialog: a victim ... Don't you see? T
dialog: couldn't get out,
text: The court erupts in pandemonium as Nino fingers his own
dialog: men, breaking the most sacred of street codes, Morrio a
text: and Scotty smell a rat.
speaker_heading: INT:
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: MAIN COURTROOM — DAY 336
speaker_heading: BAILIFE
dialog: Phe jury will adjourn while they
dialog: xeach a decision,
dialog: 
dialog: 336
speaker_heading: 338
speaker_heading: 339
dialog: aio
speaker_heading: CONTD 336
speaker_heading: ScoTTy
dialog: (as Lawson joins them)
dialog: You don't believe that lying and
dialog: erving “General Hospital" shit?
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: (sitting down with
dialog: them}
dialog: Doesn't matter what I think, it's
dialog: the jury.
dialog: (dxopping the lawyer
dialog: rap)
dialog: But for what it's worth ,.,. © think
dialog: we got him, man.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CLOCK 337
text: as it ticks away the seconds slowly,
speaker_heading: scoTry's POV 338
text: Nino talks te Jad Kuctz who in turn talks to POWEL, the
text: Supervising attorney over Lawson. Jed Kurtz and Powell
text: both approach the bench and speak with the JUDGE, but we
dialog: are linable to hear them.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 338
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: What's the discussion?
speaker_heading: MORRIO
dialog: Relax ... or wait the fuck outside,
dialog: You making me nervous, shit.
text: Finally the jury files back in one by one, somber faces,
text: Impossible to read their expressions. Both Morrio
text: and Scotty are as nervous as stallions by a castrating
dialog: machine,
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Your Honor, the jury has reached
dialog: & verdict,
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Will the foreperson please stand
dialog: up and read the yerdict,
text: Everybody tenses. We PAN the faces as the foreperson
dialog: strands.
speaker_heading: JUDGE {contd)
dialog: To the ten counts of drug trafficking?
speaker_heading: 339
dialog: di
speaker_heading: CONTD 339
speaker_heading: FOREPERSOW
dialog: Guilty.
text: The court reacts, elated,
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: ‘ (banding gavel)
dialog: Order ,., Order ... On oné count
dialog: of assault with intent to commit
dialog: murder?
speaker_heading: fn FOREPERS ON
dialog: milty.
text: Nino seems impassive as the crowd reacts vocally, approving
dialog: the verdict, OWE WOMAN, obviously a church=going sister,
dialog: reacts with:
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Amen. Guilty as sinl!!
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: To the three counts of murder in
dialog: the first degree.
speaker_heading: FOREPERSON
dialog: Guilty.
text: The court goes huts. Scotty grabs Morric. They 8
text: embrace tightly, two soldiers in from the war.
speaker_heading: MORRIO °
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: You did it, man,
speaker_heading: BCOTTY
dialog: (fighting the tears)
dialog: No, men .«,. We did it.
text: The judge has te bang his gavel a full four minutes Just
text: to silence the vindicated court. Ning sits there, cold
text: as ice; and winks at Scotty.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: \ (upset)
dialog: Order ,.. Order inthe court ...
dialog: In light of the discussion with
dialog: the supervising attorney for the
dialog: prosecution, and counsel for the
dialog: defense, it is my unfortunate duty
dialog: to grant the government motion and
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: 339
dialog: 340
speaker_heading: ConTD 339
speaker_heading: JUDGE (contd)
dialog: dismiss the case of U.S. vs, Nino
dialog: Brown,
dialog: {visibly shaken)
dialog: Mr. Brown, you are free to leave,
speaker_heading: ScoTTy
dialog: (numb)
dialog: What the fuck doss that mean?
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: (suddenly realizing)
dialog: State's evidence ... They most!ye
dialog: cut a deai for Nino to turn over
dialog: his connections.
text: Morric tries to restrain Scotty as he blasts through
dialog: to the smug Nino.
dialog: scomry
dialog: Ain't that much state's evidence
dialog: in the world to protect you from
dialog: me. If T wasn’t wearing 4 badge,
dialog: I would've killed you a Long time
dialog: ago. That was my mother you killed
dialog: in P.s. 200. That was my community
dialog: you killed uptown, YouTye destroyed
dialog: a whole generation of kids. Tf
dialog: could've been like you, but I had
dialog: @ conscience!
text: Scotty removes his DEA shield from his pants pocket ané
text: throws it at Nino,
speaker_heading: CLOSE - NING
text: grins as Morrio draws Scotty away.
scene_heading: EXT: COURTHOUSE STEPS - DAY 340
text: Nino and Kurtz are surrounded by the PRESS, and a CRONO
text: ef cheering NEW JACK TEENS -- and horrified respectable
scene_heading: ONLOOKERS --
speaker_heading: REPORTER $1
dialog: Mr. Brown, what do you think of
dialog: all this?
text: Nino just siiles sardonically at his subjects, his ants.
text: Bricks, Scotty and Morrio come out of the courthouse --
text: dejected -=- Nino, who -- along with Jed Rurtz -~ are
text: working theixy way to a waiting BMY —-
dialog: *
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: 340 8=6cONTD 340
text: At the same time, Scotty and Morrio spet someone walking *™
dialog: towards Nino --
speaker_heading: ANGLE - OLD MAN
text: He walks up, cuts mystically through crowd -- up to 2
text: disbelieving Nino,
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (te Nine, in loud voice)
dialog: This day, idolater, thy soul is
dialog: required in hell,
text: Old man removes a rusty Luger from his jacket,
text: Bricks is about to run down and do something -- Scatty *
text: and Morrio pull on his arm —-- they look at each other
text: -- they re-enter the courthouse through separate entrances,
speaker_heading: ANGLE - OLD MAN
text: pumps three shots in Nino's head -- a bloody Wino fails
text: to the ground, dead. Group scatters, screams -- Jed
text: Kurtz is in a state of shock -- COPS run out and subdues
text: old man ~= he doesn't resist -- screams -- confusion --
text: The end of the world.
speaker_heading: STLENCE
speaker_heading: CRAWL SHEET
dialog: “Although this is a ficticnal story,
dialog: the New Jack City exists in every
dialog: majoy metropolis in this country.
dialog: If we a5 a nation don't begin ta
dialog: confront the problem of crack and
dialog: other drugs realisticaliy -- without
text: slogans and promises, but examining
dialog: what motors the human soul on the
dialog: course of spiritual self-destruction
dialog: —— then New Jack City will continue
dialog: to thrive, and we will be doomed to
text: disappear in the shadows of its demonic
dialog: skyline,"
speaker_heading: THE BND
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ine SIUMIO dupticoiing tatvice. inc.
dialog: SAY west-lth th, nnw york, ny, 1OZS
speaker_heading: GAM Ket + 77S
dialog: 
