text: NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD
dialog: Credit: Written by
scene_heading: Author: GEORGE A. ROMERO and JOHN A. RUSSO
dialog: Draft date: Copyright 1968 by George A. Romero and John A.
dialog: Russo
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DUSK
text: It is an ordinary dusk of normal quiet and shadow. The
text: gray sky contains a soft glow from the recent sun, so that
text: trees and long blades of grass seem to shimmer in the
text: gathering night. There is a rasp of crickets, and the
text: rustle of leaves in an occasional whispering breeze.
text: Transitions are easy and gradual, with relaxed studies of
text: earth, grass and leafy branches on a high-mounded hill.
dialog: Revelation of cemetery markers does nothing to disrupt the
dialog: peacefulness of our established mood; when awareness comes,
dialog: it is almost as though we have known where we were all
text: along. We are in a typical rural cemetery, conceivably
text: adjacent to a small church
text: Although the presence of a church is felt rather than
text: confirmed. The stones range from small identifying slates
dialog: to monuments of careful design..an occasional Franciscan
text: Crucifix, or a carved image of a defending angel. Over a
text: hundred years of death indicated in stones syllabic with
dialog: their year and the status of the families they represent.
text: Over the other night sounds is added the gravel-rumble of a
text: slow-moving car. A wider shot reveals the car and the
text: mounded cemetery, as the car pulls into the gate and moves
text: down one of the cemetery roads, the car passes in extreme
text: foreground and moves away from the camera. In the breeze
text: of its passing, the dead leaves that clutter the little
text: road swirl and move.
text: Beyond the distant trees, the last receding gray of dusk in
text: surrendering to the black. The car continues. When the car
text: stops, we feel the absence of its sounds..replaced by the
text: crickets and the subtle wind. Even as the car is still
text: rocking slightly form its stopping action, we cut to a shot
text: through the driver window at the occupants of the car. The
text: DRIVER is a young man in his mid-twenties, and his
text: PASSENGER is a young woman, his sister. The man is in
text: shirtsleeves with a loosened tie. His suit-coat is on the
text: clothing hook over the back seat. The girl is wearing a
text: simple but attractive summer suit, with the jacket removed
text: and folded on her lap. She is fussing with her purse,
text: while the man shuts off engine, lights, and leans back to
text: yawn and stretch his legs. The girl closes a potato chip
text: bag, brushes crumbs, fluffs her hair ... typical feminine
text: gestures after a long ride. The man stretches again.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: They ought to make the day the
dialog: time changes the first day of
dialog: summer. Then two good things
dialog: would happen all at once.
text: A little laugh from the man as he straightens his tie.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I love the long days and the extra
dialog: sun.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: A lot of good the extra daylight
dialog: does me. i lost an hour’s sleep.
dialog: And it’s dark already, and we
dialog: still have a three-hour drive, and
dialog: we won’t get back till after
dialog: midnight.
text: Barbara reaches down to put her shoes on.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: If it really dragged you that
dialog: much, you wouldn’t do it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Are you kidding? I certainly
dialog: don’t want to blow sunday on this
dialog: scene. We’re gonna either have to
dialog: move mother to Parkville or move
text: the grave to pittsburgh.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Oh, you’re just being silly.
dialog: Mother can’t make a drive like
dialog: this.
text: John reaches to the back seat and produces a flowered,
text: cross-shaped grave ornament. In the center of the cross, in
text: gold script on a red field, is written “We Still Remember”
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, twenty-five dollars ... “We
dialog: Still Remember”... I don’t, you
dialog: know it ... I don’t remember what
text: the guy looks like.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Johnny ... it takes you five
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Three hours... no, six hours
text: six hours and five minutes.
text: Barbara continues to primp and straighten her outfit. John
dialog: hands her
text: the grave ornament and leans forward to struggle
text: into his suit jacket.
dialog: She opens
dialog: keys from
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mother wants to remember. So we
dialog: have to drive four-hundred miles
text: to plant a cross on a grave, as if
text: he’s staring up through the ground
dialog: to check out the decorations
text: (he points at the cross
dialog: inscription)
dialog: we have to remember ... and
text: she stays at home.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Johnny, we’re here ... all right?
text: her door and turns to step out. John takes the
text: the ignition and drops them into his pocket.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey ... hey, Barb, you know the
dialog: radio’s been on all this time
dialog: (Tighter Shot of Radio)
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen ... please
dialog: forgive ... what ... hey, you got
dialog: a signal, Charlie?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It must have been the station.
speaker_heading: VOICE:
dialog: do not be al
text: John clicks the radio off. He gets out of the car and
text: walks around the front of it, trotting to catch up with his
text: sister. It is obvious that she didn’t hear him. He
text: catches up to her and starts to repeat his discovery about
dialog: the radio.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey, the radio is okay, it’s
dialog: just
text: Barbara is more interested in finding the row containing
text: their father’s grave.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: You remember which row its in?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (Momentarily forgetting the
dialog: radio)
dialog: Huh? Oh, it’s over here, I
dialog: think...
text: They start in his suggested direction.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Did you hear the radio?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
text: (Looking ahead, trying to
dialog: spot the grave)
dialog: Hmmm?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The radio’s fixed. Must’ve been
dialog: the station, not the radio.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
text: (Still searching intently,
dialog: she tosses this Line away)
dialog: Good ... you won’t be as bitchy
text: driving home.
text: Their jibes at each other are not really in anger, but are
text: typical of brother-sister annoyance. They walk through the
text: row of gravestones in the growing darkness.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (Making conversation, with no
dialog: more Significance than a
dialog: comment about the weather)
dialog: Nobody around.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Well, it is late. If you’d get up
dialog: a little earlier
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I already lost an hour’s sleep on
dialog: the time change.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Oh, sometimes I think you complain
dialog: just to hear yourself talk.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: An hour earlier and it’d still be
text: light. (He squints into the dusk)
dialog: It’s hard enough to find in the
text: light.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: There it is.
dialog: (She points)
text: They move toward a grave with a standard rectangular
text: stone. It is an unkept grave, its outline cropped and
text: overgrown with grass and wilted flowers. John takes the
text: flowered cross and, stepping close to the headstone, embeds
text: its wire-prong base into the earth, as he rambles on.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Wonder what happened to the one
dialog: from last year? Every year
dialog: twenty-five bucks for one of these
dialog: things, and the one from last year
dialog: is gone....
text: We hear Barbara’s voice. The camera stays on John as he
text: builds up some dirt around the base of the ornament.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: The flowers die.... and the
dialog: caretaker or somebody takes them
dialog: away...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (Standing, brushing himself
dialog: off)
dialog: Yeah, a little spit and polish and
dialog: they can sell them again. I
dialog: wonder how many times we’ve bought
dialog: the same...
text: He doesn’t finish, in standing he sees his sister with a
text: pair of rosary beads and he stops talking.
text: She is praying silently, looking down at the ground. John
text: straightens his tie and buttons his jacket. He steps
text: behind his sister, puts his hands in his pockets, and rocks
text: nervously on one foot. She continues to pray. John looks
text: around the cemetery.
text: The stones are soft and white... they seem very pale.
text: There are a few moving shadows. The sounds of the night
text: seem louder, but this is only because they have stopped
text: talking. The situation does not seem ominous. John is
text: merely bored. In the distance, a huddled figure is walking
text: among the graves.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: (Glancing at his watch)
dialog: C'mon, Barb, church was this
dialog: morning...
text: The girl continues her prayers. John lights a cigarette,
text: idly exhales the first puff of smoke and looks around
dialog: again.
text: The huddled figure still moves slowly among the graves.
text: John turns to his sister and is about to say something but
text: sees her making the sign of the cross and dropping her
text: beads in her purse. She turns from the grave and they both
text: start to walk slowly away.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (Slightly uncomfortable about
dialog: urging her to leave)
dialog: Well ... I mean ... prayin’s for
dialog: church.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I haven’t seen you in church
dialog: lately.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, grandpa told me I was damned
dialog: to hell ... (He says this lightly,
text: looking ahead to a large tree. He
dialog: smiles.) You remember? Right
dialog: here... I jumped out at you from
dialog: behind that tree ... Grandpa got
dialog: all excited ... “You will be
dialog: damned ta hell”
text: Barbara smiles.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Right here, I jumped out from
dialog: behind that tree at you.
text: Barbara expresses annoyance.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You used to be so scared here.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Johneee!
dialog: (With forced irritation)
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (Laughing, playfully)
dialog: You're still afraid...
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Stop it... I mean it...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (Mockingly)
dialog: ...They’re gonna get you,
dialog: Barbara...
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Stop it.. You’re ignorant...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They’re coming for you,
dialog: Barbara .... They’re gonna get
text: you... (He leers at her, as though
text: he is about to pounce).
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (Becoming a little nervous)
dialog: Johnny, stop...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (Mockingly ominous)
dialog: They’re coming out of their
dialog: graves ... after you... they’re
dialog: coming... to get you...
text: With this, John throws up his arms and his voice rises.
text: The figure moving among the graves stops, and stands for a
text: moment. Barbara glances toward the figure and momentarily
text: her anxiety turns to embarrassment.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (As we cut back to her)
dialog: You're acting like an idiot.
text: John speaks in a low tone now, glancing at the figure as
text: they draw closer in their perpendicular paths. John’s
text: remarks now are directed to Barbara, as though he didn’t
dialog: want the old man to hear...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Here comes one of them now...
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (Walking faster)
dialog: He’ll hear you...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Coming to get you...
text: Barbara purses her lips in anger. The couple is now only a
text: few yards from intersection their path with the old
dialog: figure...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (In a mocked-panic whisper)
dialog: I’m getting’ outa here...
text: He bolts and runs up the path.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: John
text: Embarrassed, she cuts herself short and continues to walk,
text: more rapidly now. Up the path, beyond the intersection of
text: the man’s row. John stops, laughing, and turns to look
text: back at his sister. She is near the place where the paths
text: meet, and so is the old man. We cut close to her. She is
text: looking down in embarrassed silence, aware of her proximity
text: with the old man. She feigns poise, and as she makes the
text: intersection looks up nervously to deliver a socially
dialog: necessary smile to the old mourner...
text: The old man lunges at the girl, his hand grabs at her
text: hair. A frightened gasp chokes her. She is coughing. The
text: man grips her arm and slashes at her clothing. She flails
dialog: about choking trying to yell....
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (Horrified)
dialog: Hey... god...
text: The man is all over Barbara, unable to hold her in her
text: violent flailing. His grabbing tears her jacket and
text: scratches her face. He seems to be trying to bite her arm.
text: John leaps at the man. The three fall to the ground,
text: Barbara kicking, and beating with her purse. John gets a
text: firm hold on the man and Barbara is able to wrench free.
text: The man is thrashing wildly at all parts of John’s body.
text: They struggle to their feet, the figure thrashes, beats,
text: tears like an animal... John clutches at him and they fall
text: in a heap. In the darkness, their form is as one thrashing
dialog: thing.
text: Barbara screams wildly. The two men make animal sounds.
text: One figure gains the advantage and slams his fists down
text: against the other’s head. Barbara is panic-stricken. Her
text: screams turn to frenzied gasps as she finds a tree limb and
text: snatches it up. But when she looks up, she sees that one
text: has vanquished the other. She stops in her tracks. Night
text: sounds. A close shot makes it clear that John is lying
text: limply on the ground with the other man hunched over his
text: form. The man is doing something with the limp body, still
text: ripping at it... perhaps groping for money... Barbara
dialog: cannot tell...
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Johnee....
text: The old man freezes and looks up. The girl raises her club
text: and rushes toward him. He jumps into a half-standing
text: position, like an animal hunched to spring... Barbara stops
text: in her tracks. The man is breathing heavily. She starts
text: to back away. The man holds very still. She backs
text: further... Faster... total fear. The man starts to move
text: slowly... cat-like. He steps over the body.
text: Barbara drops the club and breaks into a dead run down the
text: path. She screams. The man moves after her, but he is
text: considerably slower that she, with seeming difficulty in
text: moving. He appears almost crippled.
dialog: 10.
text: In a flailing run, Barbara reaches the car, sobbing. She
text: yanks open the door. She can hear the man drawing nearer.
text: She scrambles into the front seat and slams the door
text: shut ... No key. The man draws nearer, seeming to move
text: faster, more desperate to reach the girl. Barbara sobs
text: she clenches the steering wheel. The driver’s window is
text: open, she struggles to roll it up ... then pushes the lock
text: button. The man is upon the car. Barbara dives across the
text: seat to slam down the passenger-side lock button. The man
text: rips at the door handles and pounds violently at the car.
text: The girl starts screaming again. The man.. Pounding...
text: Clawing ... he grabs a stone from the road ... the
text: passenger window shatters into thousands of little cracks.
text: Another pound sends the stone through the window, and hands
text: grab through the opening to peel away the flakes of glass
text: in sections. Barbara’s screams become more violent.
text: She summons enough presence of mind to reach for the
text: emergency brake. The man pounds and flails at the window.
text: The car, at the top of a long grade, slowly starts to
text: drift. The man struggles to hold it ... to rip out the
text: glass ... his arm breaks through, his sleeve is ripped and
text: tattered ... the hand grabs at the inside of the door
text: the car moving faster ... the man struggles to cling ... he
text: is forced to trot after the car ... faster ... he losses
text: his footing ... grabs at the fender, the bumper. He falls
text: into the road ... the car gains momentum. The man regains
text: his footing and starts after the car. It is moving
text: faster. Barbara is frozen in the driver’s seat, clenching
text: the wheel. The road ahead is black ... the speed is
text: frightening ... she pulls the light switch ... The
text: headlights dance beams of light among the trees. The beams
text: reveal the grade in the road, which is narrowing to one car
text: width, and, about two hundred feet ahead, the downhill
text: grade ends and an uphill grade begins. In desperation, the
text: girl looks out the rear window. Against the sky, in the
text: light from the cemetery gate, the man is still coming after
text: them. In panic, she looks about. She is still in the
text: cemetery proper. Rows of graves on both sides of the
text: road. No lights from houses, no signs of life. The car
text: slows. It’s momentum carries it some distance up the
text: upgrade. Barbara glances backwards ... the man is moving
text: faster toward her ... she is terrified... the car reaches a
text: full stop. There is increased panic in her face ... as
text: she forgets herself and the car begins to drift
text: backward ... toward the man, as he draws nearer. The car
text: picks up momentum, carrying her toward her pursuer.
dialog: 11.
text: She grabs at the emergency brake and yanks it tight, the
text: lurch of the car throwing her against the seat. She
text: struggles with the door handle; the button pops up ... the
text: man draws nearer ... she breaks from the car. The man
text: keeps coming, desperately trying to move faster .
text: Barbara runs, off the roadway and onto the turf of the
text: cemetery. She falls ... kicks her shoes off ... gets up
text: and keeps running. The man is still after her. She reaches
text: a low stone wall which marks the end of the cemetery. She
text: struggles over it and looks ahead for a moment to get her
text: bearings. Across a main highway is a darkened gasoline
text: station, and beyond it an old house. She pants heavily,
text: glancing up and down the highway ... but there is no sigh
text: of traffic. The man is nearing the low cemetery wall. She
text: breaks into a run across the highway.
text: The gasoline station shows no signs of life. It is old and
text: decrepit. One light is out over the pumps. The pump house
text: and surroundings are nearly lost in shadow. Some fifty
text: yards away, there is the old house. She runs toward it.
text: She presses against the side of the house, in a darkened
text: corner, trying to look up into the window. Across the
text: highway, she sees her pursuer struggle over the little
text: wall, and in his clumsiness fall groveling on the ground.
text: In panic, she runs to the rear of the house and into the
text: shadows of a small back porch. Her first impulse is to cry
text: out for help, but she silences herself in favor of trying
text: to stay hidden. She gasps, trying to hold her breath.
text: Silence ... night sounds ... and the sounds of the man’s
text: funning footsteps slowing to a trot ... then a walk ... the
text: footsteps stop.
text: Barbara quickly glances about. There is a rear window. She
text: peers through it, but inside everything is dark. The
text: pursuing footsteps take up again. She presses back against
text: the door of the house, and her hand falls on the doorknob.
text: She looks down at it, grabs it with a turn, and the door
text: opens. She enters quickly, as quietly as possible, and
text: closes the door softly behind her, bolting it and feeling
text: in the darkness for a key. Her hand finds a skeleton key,
text: and she turns it, making a small rasp and click. She leans
text: against the door, listening, and can still hear the distant
text: footfalls.
dialog: 12.
text: Barbara finds that she is in the kitchen of the old house.
text: She gropes through a door and into a large living room
text: no sign of life. Her impulse is to cry for help, but again
text: she stops herself for fear of being heard by the man
text: outside. She darts back to the kitchen, rummages through
text: drawers in a kitchen cabinet, and finds the silverware.
text: She chooses a large steak knife and, grasping it tightly,
text: goes to listen at the door again. All is quiet. She goes
text: back into the living room.
text: Beyond it is an alcove that contains the front entrance to
text: the house. She rushes to the front door and makes sure it
text: is locked. Cautiously, she pushes back a corner of the
text: curtain to see outside. The view overlooks an expansive
text: lawn, large shadowy pine trees, and the service station
text: across the road.
text: There is no sign of the attacker. Suddenly, there is noise
text: from outside: the pounding and rattling of a door. Barbara
text: drops the curtain edge and stiffens. More sounds. She
text: hurries to a side window. Across the lawn, the man is
text: pounding at the door to the garage. She watches, her eyes
text: wide with fear. The man struggles with the door, then
text: looks about and picks up something and smashes at it. In
text: panic, Barbara pulls away from the window.
text: Across the room is a telephone. She rushes to it and picks
text: up the receiver ... dial tone ... she frantically dials the
text: operator ... some Buzzes and clicks ... then
scene_heading: TELEPHONE OPERATOR RECORDING
dialog: (V.0.)
dialog: I’m sorry ... our lines are
dialog: busy ... would you hold the line
dialog: please ... I’m sorry ... our lines
dialog: are
text: She quickly depresses the receiver buttons ... lets them up
text: and dials again ... long pause ... she can hear sounds from
dialog: the gas station
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: I’m sorry ... our lines
dialog: 13.
text: She depresses the buttons again ... dials 411 for
text: information ... another long pause ... then the rasp of a
text: busy signal. The noises from the service station have
text: stopped. She listens for a moment ... she shudders with
text: fear ... notices a telephone directory in a stand near the
text: phone. Frantically, her fingers search to pages for the
text: emergency numbers ... the police. She dials shakily, but
text: before she has dialed the last numbers the rapines of the
text: busy signal comes over the receiver. She depresses the
text: buttons again ... footsteps ... she puts the phone down and
text: rushes to another window. A figure is crossing the lawn,
text: coming toward the house. It is a different figure, a
text: different man. She runs to the door and peers out through
text: the curtains again. The man still walks toward the house.
text: A shadow darkens a strip of window at the left of the
text: door. Its abruptness startles her. She peels back a corner
text: of the curtain and sees the back of the first attacker not
text: ten feet away, facing the man who is approaching. The
text: attacker moves toward the new man. Barbara freezes against
text: the door, and glances down at her knife ... she looks back
text: out at the two men.
text: They join each other under the dark, hanging trees, and
text: stand looking back toward the cemetery. From inside the
text: house, Barbara squints, trying to see. Finally, the
text: attacker moves back across the road, in the direction of
text: the cemetery. The other man approaches the house, seeks
text: the shadows of a tree, and stops ... in an attitude of
text: stolid watching ... Barbara stares, but can see little.
text: She lunges toward the phone again ... dials the
text: operator ... the same recorded message. She barely stops
text: herself from slamming down the receiver.
text: Then suddenly a distant sound ... an approaching car. She
text: scampers to the window and looks out. The road seems
text: empty. But after a moment a faint light appears, bouncing
text: and rapidly approaching ... a car coming up the road.
text: Barbara reaches for the doorknob, edges the door open very
text: slightly. The light spills dimly over the area. There,
text: under the great tree in the lawn, is the silhouette of the
text: second man. Barbara shudders ... she is afraid to make her
text: break for the approaching car.
text: The figure appears to be sitting, quite still, it’s head
text: and shoulders slumped over ... it seems to be looking right
text: at the house. The car speeds by ... Barbara just stares at
text: the figure. She cannot run. She closes the door and backs
text: into the shadows of the house.
dialog: 14.
text: She turns to see all around her. The large dreary rooms
text: are very quiet, cast in shadow ... she spies a stairway
text: runs toward it still carrying the knife and starts up the
text: stairs. The camera is level with her eye, and picks up her
text: view of the stairs as she runs up ... panting and frantic
text: she climbs, her hand grazing the banister ... still at her
text: eye level, The camera starts to pick up the top of the
text: stairway ... the floor of the second landing ... A brief
text: glimpse of something on the floor there ... she continues
text: to climb ... the floor of the landing ... zoom in
text: toward camera, the hand of ... A corpse.
text: Barbara stops ... the corpse is almost skeletal with its
text: flesh ripped from it, and it lies at the end of a trail of
text: blood. Screaming in absolute horror, Barbara almost falls
text: down the stairs. She is gagging ... she breaks for the
text: door, unlocks it, and flings herself out into the night,
text: completely unmindful of consequences ... she is bathed in
text: light ... two headlights are screeching toward camera
text: the sounds of a vehicle stopping. Barbara covers her face
text: with her arms. Someone rushes toward her
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Are you one of ‘em?
text: She stares, frozen. A man stands in front of her. He is
text: large and crude, in coveralls and tattered work shirt. He
text: looks very strong, and perhaps a little stupid. Behind him
text: is and old, battered pick-up truck, which he has driven
text: right up onto the lawn of the house. He holds a large
text: jack-handle in his hand, and stands there panting. Behind
text: him, the man at the tree still stands.
dialog: Barbara is still frozen
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (The man shouts again)
dialog: Are you one of ‘em? I seen ‘em to
dialog: look like you
text: The man at the tree moves forward ... Barbara screams and
text: steps back ... the truck driver spins to face the other
text: man. The other man stops in his tracks. The truck driver
text: backs protectively toward the girl, while the other stands,
text: just watching. Finally, the truck driver seizes Barbara’s
text: wrist and pulls her into the house, slamming the door
text: behind them.
text: Barbara falls back against a wall. The truck driver locks
text: the door and throws the bolt. He is breathing hard. He
text: turns to look at the girl. She brings the knife up ina
dialog: defensive gesture
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
text: (Soothingly, in a drawl,
dialog: almost as he would address a
dialog: scared rabbit)
dialog: All right ... It’s awright
dialog: now ...
dialog: 15.
text: She stares widely at him. He immediately concerns himself
text: with his surroundings. He moves into the next room to
text: check the windows. He tries a lamp, it lights, he turns it
dialog: off.
text: Barbara weakly lowers the knife and falls to a sitting
text: position in a chair. She watches the man intently ... he
text: calls to her from the other room
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Don’t you mind the creep
dialog: outside ... I can handle him
dialog: There’s probably gonna be lots
dialog: more of ‘em... soon’s they fin’
dialog: out about us ... I’m outta
dialog: gas ... them pumps over there is
dialog: locked ... is there food
dialog: here? ... . I’1l get us some
dialog: grub ... then we beat ‘em off an’
dialog: skedaddle
text: She just stares at him.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: It ain’t no good no way. Might’s
dialog: well have two tincans and a
dialog: string ... You live here?
text: She remains silent, looking toward the top of the stairs.
text: The man follows her stare and starts toward the
text: stairs ... . Halfway up he sees the corpse and stops
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Oh ... bejeses
text: (He stares for a moment, then
text: slowly backs down the
dialog: stairs.)
text: At the bottom of the stairs, he just looks at the girl
text: shivering with shock in her chair. Then he forces himself
text: back into action.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: We gotta bust outta here ... git
dialog: to where there’s some folks
dialog: somebody with guns or
dialog: somethin ... .
text: (He quickly moves toward the
dialog: kitchen. )
dialog: I'll try to scare up some grub.
dialog: 16.
text: He enters the kitchen and starts to rummage. He flings open
text: the refrigerator and the cupboards. Finding a stack of
text: large paper grocery bags, he opens one and starts to fill
text: it with things from the refrigerator. He hurls the stuff
text: into the bag. He is interrupted by Barbara’s voice
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (Weakly)
dialog: What’s happening?
text: The man looks up at her
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (Repeating)
dialog: What’s happening?
text: (She shakes her head in
dialog: fright and bewilderment)
text: The truck driver looks at her. She stands like a frightened
text: child in the kitchen doorway. He is amazed at her
text: question. A shattering crash startles them. The man drops
text: the groceries and seizes his jack-handle. He runs to the
text: front door and looks out through the curtained window.
text: Another shattering sound. The first attacker has joined
text: the second man at the old pick-up truck, and with great
text: sticks the two are smashing out the headlights.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Two of ‘em.
text: Once the lights are battered out, the two men outside start
text: to beat at the body of the truck. The truck driver spins
text: and lunges toward the girl.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: How many ... how many
text: She backs further away ... the truck driver lunges again,
text: this time in desperation to make her understand
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: How many ... come on, now... . ah
dialog: know you’re scared ... but ah can
dialog: handle them two bohoppers ... Now
dialog: how many more is out there
dialog: that truck’s our only chance to
dialog: git outta here ... How many
dialog: how many
text: He grabs her shoulders and she struggles against him,
text: thrashing hysterical
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I don’t know ... I don’t know
dialog: what’s happening? ... . I don’t
dialog: know what’s happening
text: She breaks into hysterical sobbing. The truck driver spins
text: away from her and breaks for the door. He looks out the
text: window for a moment. The attackers still beat at the
text: truck, wildly trying to tear it apart. The truck driver
text: flings open the door and leaps off of the porch. The two
text: men look up ... for the first time we see the faces of the
dialog: attackers ... they are dead things ... the flesh on their
text: faces is rotting and oozing ... their eyes bulge from deep
text: sockets ... their hair is long, and their clothing rotten
text: and in tatters. They are ghoulish beings, staring up at
text: the truck driver ... he starts for them slowly, with
text: building vengeance. He moves steadily at first ... with
text: controlled power ... he speaks as he advances ... wielding
dialog: his jack-handle
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Come ‘n git it ... come on ‘n git
dialog: some o’ this jack-handle
text: He concentrates on his attack ... moving stolidly toward
text: the two creatures ... he breaks almost into a run. But the
text: two, rather than backing off, move toward the man ... as
text: though drawn by some urge. The man pounds into them,
text: swinging and thrashing with arms and jack-handle. They are
text: buffeted by his blows ... they seem weak compared to
text: him ... but his powerful blows don’t really stop them. It
text: is like beating a rug. He flings them back and they advance
text: again. It is a violent, brutal struggle. But the big man
text: finally beats the two into the ground, and for a great
text: while continues to pound a their limp forms. He breaks
text: into almost sobbing with each of his blows. He beats at
text: them and beats at them as the girl watches in shock from
text: the porch ... he thrashes and beats until she starts to
text: scream again. Her screams pierce the night. The man
text: stops. Breathing heavily, he stands, enveloped in the
text: quiet of the night.
text: The girl stands in the doorway, the truck driver turns to
text: face her, he is out of breath. Suddenly, a noise behind the
text: girl, she spins ... and walking toward her from the
text: kitchen is another of the hideous creatures ... the truck
text: driver leaps toward the thing
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Lock that door!
dialog: 18.
text: Barbara slams the door and locks it, backing against it, as
text: another equally brutal struggle ensues in the living room.
text: The big man again beats the attacker down ... . but another
text: appears at the kitchen door. The truck driver leaps toward
text: it, and with powerful jack-handle blows drives it out
text: beyond the door so that he can fall against it, shutting
text: it. He bolts it and stands leaning against the frame
text: trying to breathe.
text: Long silence ... the truck driver just stares down at the
dialog: floor
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: They know we’re in here, now
dialog: there ain’t no use disputin’ that.
text: Outside the house, the fourth ghoul stands staring at the
text: back door. Another slowly walks up behind it ... and
text: another. At the front of the house, three more stand near
text: the bodies of the first two.
text: Pull off and follow focus from the front yard of the house,
text: through the curtains at the front door, to the face of the
text: girl as she spins to face the camera. Her face twitches in
text: fright, and her eyes are wide with a non-blinking stare.
text: As she spins, her eyes fall on the floor, where the dead
text: humanoid lies. The thing is askew on its back, its right
text: arm extended toward the girl with fingers twisted as though
dialog: to grab.
text: (Cut to MCU. Camera is trucking in slowly.)
text: There is a slight movement in the thing’s hand. It
text: twitches ... the whole body twitches slightly. The bent,
text: broken neck has the being’s head twisted upward, in an
text: open-mouthed glassy stare ... Barbara steps toward the
text: thing. The fear in her face bears the beginnings of a sick
text: frown. The hand twitches again. The girl moves closer,
text: drawn toward it, staring down at it with overpowering
dialog: curiosity.
text: The thing is something dead, with the beginnings of decay
text: on its face and neck. Barbara moves closer. The thing
text: still twitches
text: She is staring right down into the thing’s eyes ... her
text: hands come up to her mouth ... the urge to be ill, to
text: scream, to run must all be fought...the glassy stare from
text: bulging eyes ... right back up at her
dialog: 19.
text: (Camera shoots back and forth at her face and the staring
text: eyes of the dead thing ... zoom in on the thing ... it
text: seems as though the body is going to stand again... it’s
dialog: face holds as much life as it did when it walked.)
text: Suddenly, with a rustling sound the thing moves ... (Cut
text: back.) The big truck driver has a hold on the thing’s legs
text: and is dragging it across the floor.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Shut your eyes, girl ... I’m
dialog: gittin’ this dead behopper outta
dialog: here
text: He is sweating. His face shows anger and anguish as he
text: drags the body across the floor. Barbara just stands, her
text: hands still at her mouth, watching. The sounds of the
text: man’s breathing, and his struggle, fill the room. With
text: the body, he reaches the back door and lets the legs
dialog: fall
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: You ... filthy
text: (He cuts himself short. Cut-in for close-up.)
text: The stark light on the big man’s face makes him shine in
text: his sweat. His eyes are alert, and afraid. He turns
text: quickly to see through the small window-panes in the door.
text: Outside, lurking in shadow from the huge trees, the three
text: beings watch and wait, their arms dangling and eyes
text: bulging, as they stare at the truck driver’s activities.
text: With a swift move, the big man unbolts the door, flings it
text: open, and bends toward the inert thing at his feet. The
text: ghoulish things begin to move toward him. With one great
text: heave, the dead form is flopped outside the door. It lies
text: across the threshold. The things advance silently
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Filthy
text: Another great effort shoves the body almost clear. From
text: inside the house, the big man’s efforts cannot be clearly
text: seen by the girl, because the doorframe is blocking her
text: view. She moves into the kitchen. The truck driver flops
text: the body down onto the edge of the porch. The three
text: figures are close upon him, are starting to reach out. The
text: big man shudders. He fumbles into the breast pocket of
text: this work shirt. The things advance. He produces a pack
text: of matches, manages to strike one ... and touches the
text: burning tip to the clothing of the dead thing, and with
text: almost a popping sound the clothing catches fire
dialog: 20.
text: The things in the yard stop in their tracks ... the fire
text: blazes slowly. Shaking, the truck driver touches the match
text: to other aspects of the thing’s clothing. His fingers
text: burn, and he snaps them, throwing the match into the heaped
text: form. He is breathing hard. Standing, he kicks the
text: burning thing off the edge of the porch ... watches it
text: roll down three small steps onto the grass, where it lies
text: still, the flames licking around it. The three beings step
text: back slightly ... the big man clings to the banister around
text: the little porch ... his fists clench and his face is fiery
text: in the glow of the flames. His voice quivers
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: I’1l git you.. ah’m gonna git you.
dialog: All of you ... . (His voice grows
dialog: stronger in his violence) All of
dialog: you
text: He stands defiantly on the little porch, the flaming corpse
text: separating from the things that wait. He spins
text: suddenly ... the girl stands inside the kitchen door. His
text: face is a fury of sweat and quivering anger. His eyes meet
text: the girl’s ... she steps slowly back into the room. The
text: big man, in great strides, re-enters the kitchen and slams
text: the door, bolting it again. His breathing, still loud, is
text: even more rapid than before. His eyes dart quickly about
text: the room in search of something.
text: He rushes to the cabinets and throws them open, begins
text: rummaging through them. Standard kitchen utensils and
text: supplies. He does not speak, just frantically ransacks the
dialog: room ...
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: See if you can find the light
dialog: switch.
text: Barbara falls back against a wall, and her hand gropes to a
text: switch. The light from an overhead fixture comes on,
text: providing dim illumination. The big man continues to
text: clatter about frantically. The light coming on makes the
text: girl blink. She remains against the wall, her hand still
text: touching the switch. It is as though she dare not move.
text: She watches silently.
dialog: 21.
text: The man flings open drawers and spills contents onto the
text: shelving and onto the floor. His hands fall to the
text: silverware drawer, still open from when Barbara first
text: discovered it. He pulls it out until it stoops itself with
text: a crash. He roots through it, pulls out a large knife and,
text: sucking his breath in, stuffs it under his belt. Then he
text: reaches into the drawer again and produces another knife.
text: Taking Barbara by surprise, he strides toward her. He
text: shoves the knife at her, handle first, but she falls back
text: slightly. Her action stays his franticness ... breathing
text: heavily through his words, he speaks to her
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: +... now... you hang on ... to
dialog: this
text: She hesitates, but she takes the knife. She seems weak,
text: almost apathetic, as though she is losing control of
text: herself. She stares at the weapon in her hand, then her
text: eyes come up to meet the man’s intense face.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: All right.
text: He pulls away from her and continues to rummage, but he
text: speaks periodically now, between great breaths, and between
text: the brief times when his interest is wrapped in something
text: he finds in his rummaging. His search is not without
dialog: control; it has a coordinated purpose; it is selective,
text: although frantic and desperate. He looks for nails and
text: strips of wood or planks that he might nail around doors
text: and windows. His actions are hurried, and intent after
text: these defensive ends. At first, his search has his full
text: attention. Gradually, as he moves about, and begins to come
text: up with several key items that he needs, his efforts pace
text: down into a more deliberate flow ... he starts putting up
text: boards and tables against the vulnerable parts of the old
dialog: house.
text: The mood relaxes in intensity, becomes calmer, more
text: analytical ... the barricading instills a feeling of
dialog: greater security. And the knowledge of some security
text: begins to overtake the girl, bringing her out of her shock
text: and passivity. The scene proceeds as follows ++. the
text: girl looks at her knife, recedes against the wall. The
text: noise of the search is ever-present. The man mutters
text: occasionally, and spills his findings about the room. At
text: first, as new cabinets and drawers fail to turn up what he
text: is looking for, he grows impatient and more violent
text: spools of thread, buttons, manicure implements, shoe-shine
dialog: materials ... Another drawer ... immediately, as the
text: drawer is flung open with a clatter, the big man sees what
text: he needs ... he almost leaps into the drawer
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Tell me ... you ain’t the sweetest
dialog: thing
text: His big hand comes out of the drawer with an old pipe-
text: tobacco tin, and in one gesture he spills its contents onto
text: a shelf ... nails and screws and washers and tacks spill
text: out onto the wooden shelf. A few roll too far and clatter
text: onto the floor. His fingers scoop them up. He fumbles
text: through the little pile of things and selects the longest
text: nails. In the batch, and stuffs them into the breast
text: pocket of his work-shirt. Even as he stuffs the nails into
text: his pocket, he is already moving, his eyes seeking for his
dialog: next need
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: See if there’s any wood around the
dialog: fireplace out there!
text: His hands explore the shelf surface. The girl does not
text: respond immediately. His impetus carries him toward
text: another shelf, but in turning he notices the girl, still
dialog: motionless.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Look ... You ...
text: (Angry at first, he stops himself, then speaks still
dialog: frantically, but with less harshness)
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER (Cont’d.)
dialog: You’re scared ... ah’m scared ... ah’m scared, too
dialog: jist like you ... now ... (he composes himself even more)
dialog: we ain’t gonna be worth a plugged nickle if we don’t do
dialog: something’ ... ah’m gonna board up these doors and
dialog: windows ... but you gotta pitch in... We gotta help
dialog: ourselves, ‘cause there ain’t nobody around to help us
dialog: and we’re gonna be all right ... ok? ... now... I want you
dialog: to scamper out there and see if there’s any wood in that
dialog: fireplace
text: He stops, still breathing hard. The girl just looks at
text: him. She starts to move, very slowly, away from the wall.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Ok?
text: The girl is still for a long moment; then nods her head
text: weakly.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Ok
dialog: 23.
text: The girl leaves the room and he continues his search. She
text: moves quickly into the living-room area. The darkness
text: stops her for and instant, slowing her pace. From the
text: kitchen, come the clattering sounds of the man’s search.
text: She looks ahead. The white curtains on the windows seem to
text: glow, and every shadow seems suspect. Barbara shudders.
text: (Shot of the foreboding room. Closer shot on her face.)
text: On a table is a bowl of large, rounded flowers ... a breeze
text: causes them to stir in sync with a sound from the kitchen.
text: The effect startles the girl; she dives for a table lamp,
text: clicks it on, and dull illumination fills the room. The
text: room is empty. She starts slowly toward the fireplace.
text: Near it, is a stack of logwood, and a few planks that might
text: be large enough to nail across the windows. Still
text: clutching her knife, she bends over the pile and gathers up
text: the planking. She stands with her awkward load, and the
text: foreboding room faces her again, stopping her. She bolts
text: and hurries toward the kitchen.
text: Bursting through the door, she finds the big man pounding
text: with his jack-handle at the hinges on a tall broom-closet
text: door. One final swipe and a great yank frees the wooden
text: door, and the man stands it against the wall next to the
text: broom-closet. In the recesses of the closet, the man spots
text: other useful items and pulls them out ... an ironing board,
text: three center boards from a dining table, and some old scrap
dialog: lumber.
dialog: 24.
text: He motions for Barbara to follow, as he grabs the closet
text: door and moves to the back door of the house, which he had
text: previously bolted against the beings outside. He slaps the
text: closet door up against the paned portion of the kitchen
text: door and finds that with this same piece he can cover the
text: kitchen window. He leans against the piece of wood and
text: gropes in his pocket for nails. The door starts to slip
text: slightly; it does not completely cover the adjoining
text: window, but it leaves slots of glass at the top and bottom:
text: however, it does cover the glass part of the entrance
text: door. Barbara drops her burden and moves swiftly, helping
text: the man by holding an end of the barrier in position. The
text: truck-driver accepts her help automatically, without
text: recognition, and gives the barricade a cursory inspection
text: as he determines where to sink the nails. Pulling several
text: nails from his pocket, he places them and drives them in
text: with his jack-handle. He drives two on his through the
text: door and molding until they grab, then moves to her side
text: and drives two more. When four are in, he whacks at them
text: with the jack-handle until they are completely sunken, then
text: begins to add more. Now he starts to talk. The first
text: decisive steps are taken. Quite a lot of relief comes with
text: it. Most of the house is still vulnerable, but the
text: measures taken instill confidence. While he talks, though,
text: he keeps working rapidly, his pace as intense as ever
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: There, by god ... this ought to
dialog: hamp their crimper ... they ain’t
dialog: that strong ... there
text: Two more nails, in position, driven to the molding. He
text: tests the barricading wood with two good yanks. It holds.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: They ain’t comin’ through that.
text: He drives the last two nails in all the way.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Gotta figure out how much nails we
dialog: got.
text: He sees the parts of the windows that remain uncovered.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: I'll leave that for now. We’1l1
dialog: fix the rest.
text: He turns quickly from the barricade and looks around the
text: room. No other doors or windows except the door that leads
text: to the living-room.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Well ... this place is fairly
dialog: secure
text: He examines planks and table extensions.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Now ... if we have to
text: The girl just stands and watches him.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: If we have to ... we just run in
dialog: here ... and no draggin’ now, or
dialog: fussin’ with your make-up, or I
dialog: leave you out there. We run in
dialog: here and board up this door.
text: The door between the kitchen and living-room has been open
text: all the time. The big man closes it, tests it, it shuts
text: tight. He opens it again. He quickly chooses several of
text: the lumber strips and stands them against the doorframe.
text: He gropes in his pocket and notices that his supply of
text: nails is dwindling. He checks the pile sprinkled from the
text: can. He empties the can completely and fingers the
text: contents for all of the longest nails, and tosses just
text: these back into the can. He hands the can to the girl
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: You take these.
text: This time she reacts quickly and takes the little tobacco
text: tin from his big hand. As she does so, the man gathers as
text: much of the lumber as he can into his arms and starts out
text: of the room. Barbara follows. They are in the living-
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: It ain’t gonna be too long, they
dialog: be tryin’ to hammer their way in
dialog: here. they’re afraid now.
text: He drops his load of wood in the middle of the floor and
text: walks over to the largest front windows, talking as he
text: moves. His speech is rapid.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: They’re scairt of fire too, i
dialog: found that out
dialog: 26.
text: His eye measures the size of the big windows. He looks all
text: around the room. Finally, his eyes fix on the large dining
text: table, and he moves quickly toward it, talking as he moves,
text: resuming his train of thought
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: There must’ve been fifty ... a
dialog: hundred of ‘em down in cambria
dialog: when the news broke
text: Barbara watches, almost transfixed. At his mention of the
text: number of the things, her eyes reflect amazement, and
text: frightened curiosity. The man reaches the table, walks
text: around it studying its size, then hoists one end and turns
text: it onto its side. Bracing it against himself, he heaves on
text: one of the legs and tries to break it free. With a great
text: ripping sound, the table leg is torn off, and the man drops
text: it onto the rug. He continues talking, punctuation his
text: remarks with vengeance on the table as he rips all the legs
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: I seen this big gasoline truck,
dialog: you know ... down beekman’s
dialog: beekman’s diner ... and I had
dialog: heard the radio ... I got a radio
dialog: in my truck
text: He wrenches at the second table leg ... it cracks loudly
text: but does not come free. He moves to where his jack-handle
text: lies on the floor.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: This cas’line truck come
text: screamin’ outta the diner lot onto
dialog: the road ... must be ten
dialog: fifteen of them things chasin’
dialog: it... and it looks funny to me,
dialog: but I don’t see the things runnin’
text: behind it right away
text: He picks up the jack-handle and hammers at the table leg.
text: The second powerful swat frees the leg. He moves on to the
dialog: third.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: I just see this big truck ... and
dialog: it looks funny, you know, how slow
dialog: trucks’1l start ... and it’s
text: pullin’ out onto the road ... and
dialog: weavin’ ... then I see them
text: things ... and the truck’s movin’
dialog: so slow, they’re catchin’ up
text: and grabbin’ ... jumpin’ on
text: Another table leg falls loose to the rug.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: And that truck just cut right
text: ‘cross the road ... through the
dialog: guard rail, you know. i’m
dialog: startin’ to throw on my brakes,
text: and the truck smashes into this
text: big sign and into the pumps in the
dialog: esso station down there ... I
dialog: hear this crash ... and that big
dialog: thing starts burnin’ ... and it’s
text: still movin’ ... right through
text: the pump stand and on into the
dialog: station ... and I’m stopped,
dialog: stock still ... and I see them
dialog: things ... and they all startin’
dialog: to back off ... Some of em
dialog: runnin’ ... or at least it looks
dialog: like they’re runnin’, but they
dialog: move kinda like they’re
dialog: crippled ... but they keep backin
dialog: off ... and it’s like ... it’s
dialog: like they gotta get away from the
dialog: fires ... And the guy drivin’ the
dialog: truck can’t get out nohow ... he
text: got the cab of the truck plowed
text: halfway into the wall of the
dialog: station ... that thing’s fryin’
dialog: him in there and he’s
dialog: screamin’ ... screamin’ like
dialog: hell
text: Barbara’s eyes deepen and her face wrinkles in anxiety.
text: The continuing nightmare grows more and more complex. The
text: man swats the last leg from the table, and the table-top
text: starts to drop. He regains control of it and struggles,
text: trying to move it into the next room. Barbara
text: automatically moves to his assistance and they walk
text: together, each burdened by the heavy table.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: I don’t know what’s gonna happen,
dialog: you know? I mean ... I don’t
dialog: know what the whole place gonna
dialog: explode ... or fly to pieces
dialog: or what’s gonna happen... I
dialog: start drivin’ for the gas
dialog: station ... and the cat in the
text: truck is screamin’ and
dialog: screamin’ ... and after a while
dialog: he just stops
text: The man sets down his end of the table, and wipes beads of
text: sweat from his forehead. His breathing is still heavy from
text: his previous exertion. He wipes his hand on his shirt.
text: His eyes are wide and angry ... it almost seems as though
dialog: he might weep.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: And there’s them things
dialog: standin’ back ... ‘cross the
dialog: road ... standin’ lookin’
dialog: like ... lookin like ... like
text: they just come back from the grave
dialog: or somethin’ ... and they’re over
dialog: 
text: by the diner and there’s cars
text: and busses in the diner lot, and
text: lots of windows is smashed. and
dialog: it’s for sure them things done the
text: people in the diner in... and
text: more is outside, all over the
dialog: place, just bidin’ their time for
dialog: a chance to move in. so I start
text: my truck up, and I barrel it right
dialog: at some of them things ... I’m
dialog: steamin’ down right on ‘em
text: (His face grows more intense
dialog: with the memory) and I get a
dialog: good look at ‘em... I see
dialog: them for the first time in my
dialog: lights ... and then... I
dialog: just run right down on
dialog: ‘em ... I just grind down,
dialog: down hard as I can ... and I
dialog: knock a couple of ‘em about
text: fifty feet, flailin’ into the
dialog: air ... and I just want to
dialog: smash them ... crush them
dialog: filthy things. And they’re
dialog: just standin’ there. They
dialog: ain’t runnin’, they ain’t
dialog: even tryin’ to get outta the
dialog: road. some of em is even
text: reachin’ out, as if they can
dialog: grab me. But they’re just
dialog: standin’ there, and the truck
dialog: is runnin’ them down
dialog: like they was bugs or
dialog: something’ ... they
text: Barbara is wide-eyed, staring in disgust, her hands still
text: clutched to the table-top. She says nothing. The man sees
text: her fear and stops himself.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Io... . I’m
text: He refocuses his attention on the table-top, and starts to
text: lift it again. Barbara is practically motionless. As he
text: tugs the table, her hands fall away and she slowly pulls
text: them against herself. He drags the table away from her,
text: and she walks numbly behind, having forgotten to assist.
text: She just watches the man’s face.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: I’m just ... I got kids,
dialog: you know ... and... I guess
dialog: they’11 do all right ... they can
dialog: take care of themselves ... but
dialog: they’re still only kids ... and
dialog: I’m bein’ away and all
dialog: and
text: Perspiring heavily, he tugs the twists at the table-top,
text: trying to fit it through the doorframe and into the living-
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: I’m just gonna do what i can
dialog: and I’m gonna get back ... and
dialog: I’m gonna see my people ... and
dialog: things is gonna be all
dialog: right ... and ... I’m gonna get
dialog: back
text: He has started to almost babble ... he sees the girl
text: intently watching him, and he stops. He composes himself
text: with some effort, and starts to speak a little more
text: slowly. His voice is almost a monotone, with enforced
text: calm, but he does, beneath his anger, seem as confident as
dialog: could be expected of anyone under the circumstances.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Now, you and me is gonna be all
dialog: right, too. we can head them
dialog: things off. I mean... you can
dialog: just ... just smash ‘em. All you
dialog: got to do is just keep your head
dialog: and don’t be too afraid. We move
dialog: faster than they can. and they’re
dialog: awful weak ... and if you don’t
dialog: run and just keep swingin’ :
dialog: you can smash ‘em. We’re smarter
dialog: ‘n they are. and we’re stronger
dialog: ‘n they are. We’re gonna stop
dialog: ‘em, okay?
text: The girl stares.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: All we got to do is just keep our
dialog: heads.
text: They look at each other for a moment, until the big man
text: turns and picks up the table again. As he starts away with
text: it, the girl speaks, quietly and weakly
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Who are they?
text: The man stops in his tracks, still supporting the heavy
text: table-top and looks with amazement at Barbara’s anxious
text: face. Slowly it dawns on him that the girl has never
dialog: really been aware of the thing that has been happening.
dialog: She had not heard the radio announcements, the
dialog: bulletins ... she had been existing in a state of
text: uninformed shock.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: (Incredulously)
dialog: You ain’t heard nothin?
text: She stares blankly, silently, her eyes fastening in his.
text: Her reply is her silence.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: You mean you ain’t got no idea
dialog: about what’s goin’ on here?
text: Barbara starts to nod her answer ... she begins to
dialog: tremble
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I... I...
text: Her trembling increases, she begins to shake violently, and
text: suddenly she flings up her arms and flails them about,
text: sobbing wildly... she begins to walk in panic, wildly and
text: aimlessly, in circles about the room...
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: no... no... no... no
dialog: I... I can’t ... what’s
dialog: happening ... what’s happening to
dialog: us ... why ... what’s
dialog: happening ... tell me
dialog: tell ... me... ..
text: The man grabs her, shakes her to bring her out of it, and
text: her sobbing jerks to a halt, but she remains staring :
text: right through him, her eyes seemingly focused beyond him,
text: at some far distant point ... . Her speech, still nearly
text: hysterical, becomes a little more coherent
dialog: 32.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: We were in the cemetery
dialog: me ... and Johnnie ... . my
dialog: brother, Johnnie ... we brought
dialog: flowers for ... this
dialog: man ... came after me ... and
dialog: Johnnie ... he ... he
dialog: fought and now... he
dialog: he’s
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: All right ... all right!
text: He tightens his grip. She wrenches against him.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Get your hands off me!
text: She flings herself away from him, beating him across the
text: chest, taking him by surprise. But in her momentum, she
text: stumbles over an end table, barely regains her balance, and
text: stands facing the front door ... . poised as if to run out
dialog: into the night
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: We've go to help him... got to
dialog: get Johnnie ... we've got to go
dialog: out and find him... bring
dialog: him
text: She comes toward the man, pleading with tears, the
text: desperate tears of a frightened child
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Bring him here ... we'll be
dialog: safe ... we can help him
dialog: we
text: The man steps toward her. She backs away, holding one hand
text: toward him defensively, and the other toward her mouth
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: No... no... please ... we've
dialog: got to ... we
text: He takes one deliberate stride for her.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Now ... now you calm down
dialog: you're safe here ... Now we can’t
dialog: take no chances
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: We've go to get Johnnie
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Now ... come on, now... you
dialog: settle down ... you don’t know
dialog: what these things are ... It ain’t
dialog: like no sunday school out
dialog: there
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Please ... . pleeeese ... no
dialog: no... no
text: She is sobbing, violently ... her words become screams.
text: She is verging toward complete hysteria. The man struggles
text: to calm her, she wrenches from him but his grip remains, so
text: that her arms jerk her whole body in the act of wrenching
text: away. She stares at the man, their eyes meet in an instant
text: of calm... but only an instant, before she screams
text: she kicks him again and again, as he struggles to pin her
text: arms at her sides and shove her against a wall. At the
text: same time, he does not want to hurt her. With brute force,
text: he shoves her backwards, propelling her into a soft
text: chair ... but she is up again, screaming and slapping at
text: his face. He is forced to grab her again, and practically
text: slam her into a corner. He brings up one powerful fist and
text: punches the girl ... but her head recoils and the blow is
dialog: misplaced, it does not put her out of commission. But it
text: shocks her into dumb, wounded silence. He hits her again,
text: squarely.. her eyes fall sorrowfully on his and she begins
text: to crumple ... she falls limp against him, as he supports
text: her weight, easing her into his arms. Holding her, he
text: looks dumbly about the room. His eyes fall on the sofa.
text: He does not carry, but almost walks her to the sofa,
text: permits her dead weight to fold onto it, and eases her head
text: onto a cushion.
text: Next to the couch is a cabinet-radio. The man stabs at a
text: button, clicking it on; while the radio warms up, he looks
text: around for the tin of nails, finds it where Barbara had
text: dropped it, takes nails and slides them into his pocket.
text: The radio hisses and crackles with static. He returns to
text: it and searches with the tuning dial. At first, just
text: static ... then it spins past what sounds like a voice,
text: and he adjusts carefully, trying to find the spot. The
text: tuner finds a metallic, monotone voice
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: ..ergency radio network. Normal
dialog: broadcast facilities have been
dialog: temporarily discontinued. Stay
dialog: tuned to this wave length for
dialog: emergency information. Your law
dialog: enforcement agencies urge you to
dialog: remain in your homes. Keep all
text: doors and windows locked or
dialog: boarded shut. Use all food, water
text: and medical supplies sparingly.
dialog: Civil defense forces are
dialog: attempting to gain control of the
dialog: situation. Stay near your radio,
dialog: and remain tuned to this
dialog: frequency. Do not use your
dialog: automobile. Remain in your homes.
dialog: Keep all doors and windows locked.
text: A long pause. A crackle. The message repeats. It is
text: obviously a recording.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Our live broadcasters will convey
dialog: information as received from civil
dialog: defense headquarters. This is
dialog: your civil defense emergency radio
dialog: network. normal broadcast
dialog: facilities have been temporarily
dialog: discontinued. Stay tuned to this
dialog: wave length
text: The big man waves his hand in disgust at the repetition of
text: the radio and moves away as it continues it’s
text: announcement. He resumes his efforts with the heavy wooden
text: tabletop. This time he drags it to the living-room
text: window. He leans it against the wall and pulls back the
text: curtain to peer outside. There are now four figures
text: standing in the yard. The voice of the distant radio
text: recording continues. The figures stand very still, their
text: arms dangling, aspects of their silhouettes revealing
text: tattered clothing or shaggy hair. They are cold, dead
text: things. Something in the distance suddenly startles the
dialog: truck-driver.
text: From across the road, a figure is moving toward the house.
text: The man spins himself away from the door and rushes to the
text: fireplace. He reaches for his matches. In the little
text: stand near the couch, where Barbara lies unconscious, there
text: are old magazines. The man grabs them, rips pages loose,
text: and crumples them into the fireplace. He piles kindling
text: wood and larger logs, then touches the paper with a lighted
text: match and a small fire takes hold.
dialog: 35.
text: There is charcoal-light on the mantle. He sprays the
text: glowing fire and it whooshes into a larger blaze, almost
text: singeing the big man’s face as he works. The larger logs
text: begin to burn. He returns to the window. The recorded
text: message repeats itself continuously. The man hoists the
text: table-top to the window-sill, and braces it there while he
text: places a nail in position. He pounds with the jack-
dialog: handle ... driven by desperation ... another nail ... and
text: another. With the table secure, he checks it hastily and
text: leaps to another window, where he can peer out between its
text: nailed-up boards.
text: The new figure is just reaching the place where the others
text: stand silently. The man rushes to the fire, where the
text: biggest logs have now begun to blaze. He seizes the
text: discarded table legs and saturates them with charcoal-
text: light, then holds their largest ends into the fire until he
text: has two good flaming torches. Then, a torch in each hand,
text: he moves toward the door again. He nudges a big padded
text: armchair ahead of him to the door and, taking both torches
text: in one hand, pulls the curtain aside for another look at
text: the yard. The figures still stand silently.
text: With charcoal-light, he drenches the padded armchair and
text: touches it with a torch. It catches instantly, and flames
text: lick and climb, casting flickering light throughout the
text: house. The heat on the man is severe, but he has to fight
text: it. He lunges for the door, unbolting it, and flinging it
text: wide open. From the yard, as the door bangs open, the
text: flaming chair is visible. It throws eerie, irregular
text: illumination onto the lawn. The waiting figures step back
dialog: slightly.
text: The man shoves the chair through the doorway, it slides
text: across the front porch. It topples over the edge, and the
text: flaming bulk tumbles down the steps onto the front lawn.
text: In the rolling motion, flames lick and fly, and small
text: particles of the chair’s stuffing leap and glow in the
text: night wind. The bonfire rages in the tall grass. The
text: waiting figures back further away.
text: Inside the house, the front door bands shut, and the man
text: fastens the bolt. He hurries again to the window, puts
text: more nails into the table-top, fastening it securely, then
text: surveys his surroundings, seeking out possible
dialog: vulnerability.
text: (The camera moves with him seeing the task that lies
dialog: ahead. )
dialog: 36.
text: There is a side window in the living room, a window in the
text: dining room at the other side of the house, the front door
text: and the flanking glass panels. He turns, still inspecting,
text: and his eyes reflect surprise. The girl is sitting up on
text: the couch. Her demeanor is startling.
dialog: (As we cut to her)
text: Her face is bruised, and she sits in silence staring at the
text: floor. The radio drones on. The fire plays on her face,
text: and reflects in her eyes. The man takes off his jacket and
text: moves toward her. He fixes his jacket over her shoulders
text: and looks sympathetically into her face. She just stares
text: at the floor. The man feels dumb and helpless. Forlornly,
text: he moves to the pile of lumber, chooses a table-board, and
text: goes to the side window. The radio voice continues
text: The truck-driver boards up the two side windows, then moves
text: to the front door. He gets an ironing board, and places it
text: across the door horizontally. It extends over the flanking
text: glass panels leaving cracks at the top and bottom, but they
dialog: are to small for anything to get through. He drives nails
text: through the board into the molding and tests the barricade
text: for strength. Finding it sufficient, he leaves it and goes
text: on to the next. In the dining-room there are two closed
text: doors. He tries one, finds it locked, examines it and
text: finds no latch. It has been apparently locked with a
text: skeleton key. The other door is locked and leads into a
text: den, which contains several windows. The man is
text: disappointed at the added vulnerability. He thinks for a
text: moment, then leaves the room, shutting the door behind
text: him. It is clear that he has decided to board up the door
text: rather than try to secure the bay windows.
dialog: 37.
text: He checks his remaining lumber. The supply is dwindling,
text: but he selects the best piece for boarding the den door.
text: He is about to start hammering when an idea strikes him.
text: He opens the door again and enters the room. There are
text: chairs, a desk, a bureau... he steps to the desk and
text: starts to rummage through the drawers. He pulls out paper,
text: a stack of pencils and pens, a compass, a hundred little
text: odds and ends. Another drawer ... A hundred more
text: things ... he leaves it open. The bureau contains mostly
text: clothing, he rips out the big drawers and hurls them
text: through the doorway and into the dining area. One
text: drawer ... two... their contents spilling onto the
text: floor ... he looks back at the bureau ... a final idea
text: hits him. He shoves the great piece of furniture through
text: the door, walking it through the tight opening until it
text: clears the doorway. Then the desk, which warrants another
text: struggle, as the man attempts to secure all things of
text: possible value before he finally nails the door shut. In
text: the closet, there is a lot of old clothing; the man finds a
text: good warm coat and jacket and flings them over his
text: shoulder. High on the shelves are piles of old boxes,
text: suitcases, hatboxes, and old umbrella. He looks for an
dialog: instant, debating their worth, or the possible worth of
text: what they might contain. At his feet, he sees still more
text: clutter, boxes, umbrellas, dust, shoes and slippers. He
text: picks up a pair of ladies’ flats, and examines them,
text: thinking of the barefoot girl out on the couch, and tucks
text: them under his arm.
text: As he pulls away, something catches his eye ... within the
text: dark recess of the closet, something shiny, the sheen of a
text: finished piece of wood, a familiar shape, lying under a
text: pile of dirty clothing. He reaches eagerly, and his hand
text: finds what he had hoped, a rifle. He sets everything down
text: and rummages even more eagerly all over the floor of the
text: closet through shoe boxes, under things, items come flying
text: out of the closet. A shoebox contains old letters and
text: postcards. But, in a cigar box, clattering around with
text: pipe cleaners and cleaning fluid, there is a maintenance
text: manual and a box of ammunition. He flips open the box and
text: finds it half full. He shoves manual and cartridges into
text: his pocket, then decides to take the whole cigar box full
text: of material. He tucks it under his arm, gathers jackets
text: and shoes, and leaves the room.
text: In the dining room, he drops the load of supplies on the
text: bureau, and the sight of the girl in the living room stops
text: him short. She is sitting as before, not moving.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: We're all right now... this
dialog: place is good and solid. And I
dialog: found us a gun - a gun and some
text: bullets.
text: He looks at Barbara from across the room. She doesn’t seem
text: to take any note of his talking. He turns to his work, but
dialog: continues to speak
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: So, we got us a radio ... and
dialog: sooner or later somebody’11 come
dialog: and get us outta here.. we got
text: food in there ... (he starts to
dialog: board up the door to the den)
dialog: Oh ... and I got you some
dialog: shoes ... we’ll see in a minute
dialog: if they fit ... and some warm
dialog: clothes for you
text: He pounds at the nails. The pounding and the repetition of
text: the radio message are the only sounds. The last nail in,
text: the check for sturdiness, the big man turns toward the girl
dialog: again
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: ernment to stay in your
dialog: homes. Keep all doors and windows
dialog: locked
text: Other than her upright position, the girl shows no sign of
text: life. Her wide eyes just stare through the floor at some
dialog: point beyond.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: preferably boarded shut
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Well, that’s us ... we’re doin’
dialog: all right
text: He can’t smile, and with the girl not looking at him his
text: attempt is half-hearted. He takes up the rifle, the cigar-
text: box, a coat and her shoes in one clumsy armful.
text: (As he leaves the frame, the camera lingers for an
text: instant. The alcove in the dining area is cluttered with
text: things from the den, the large pieces of furniture
text: obscuring the door that had been tried and found locked;
text: The camera lingers long enough to make this door
dialog: significant.)
dialog: 39.
text: The man kneels with his bundle in front of the girl; then
text: drops the armful of materials at her feet. He holds the
text: shoes that he found in the closet.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Now, let’s see ... how big your
dialog: feet is
text: Looking up at her, he is unable to cope with her
text: catatonia. Her stillness makes him as gentle as he can be,
text: but he converses with her, still expecting her to reply and
text: react. She does not.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Come on
text: He holds one of the shoes near her foot, waiting for her to
text: lift her leg and slip into the shoe. She is still.
text: Finally, the man takes one of her ankles and fumbles to put
text: the shoe on her foot. It does not go on easily, partly
dialog: because it is too small, but mostly because of her
text: limpness, but he gets it on, sets her foot down and takes
text: up the other one. He succeeds in getting the second shoe
text: on, and leans back on his haunches looking up at her. She
text: is staring at her feet.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Well.. that’s er ... . that’s a
dialog: real cinderella story, ain’t it?
text: No response. The man reaches in reflex for his jacket
text: pocket, but he has given Barbara his jacket.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Hey ... . you know you got my
dialog: cigarettes.
text: He tries to smile again. Still no reaction. He reaches
text: toward her and his hand enters the pocket of the jacket he
text: has draped over her shoulders. His action makes the girl
text: look directly at him, and her stare makes him
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: You got my cigarettes.
text: He tries a gentler tone, as one would try to explain some
text: complex concept to a child. He pulls the cigarettes from
text: the pocket and settles back from her again. He fumbles for
text: a cigarette, puts it in his mouth and lights it, trying not
text: to look at the girl. Her gaze is still fixed on his face.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: (Inhaling the first puff of
text: smoke and blowing it through
dialog: his nose)
dialog: Ok ... now... maybe you ought
dialog: to lie down, you
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER (CONT'D)
text: (Fumbling with the cigarette,
text: a thought occurs to him and
dialog: he tries it)
dialog: You smoke?
text: He holds up the burning cigarette. Her stare drops from
text: him back to the floor. He takes another drag and blows the
text: smoke out quickly. Another idea
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Maybe you oe
dialog: (He stops, he is getting
text: nowhere, he decides that his
dialog: time had better be spent in
dialog: securing the defenses of the
dialog: old house)
dialog: Okay.
text: His okay is more definite than his other talk, and he
text: scoops up the rifle and ammunition. He examines the gun,
text: dumps the shells onto the floor and methodically loads
text: them, one at a time.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Now, I don’t know if you’re
dialog: hearin’ me or not ... or if
dialog: you're out or somethin’ ... but
dialog: I’m goin’ upstairs now
dialog: okay? ... now, we’re safe down
dialog: here. Ain’t nothin’ getting’ in
dialog: here ... .. at least not
dialog: easy ... I mean, they might be
dialog: able to bust through that, but
dialog: it’s gonna be some sweat, and i
dialog: could hear ‘em, and I think I
dialog: could keep ‘em out. later on,
dialog: I’m gonna fix things good, so they
dialog: can’t get in no how... but it’s
dialog: good for the time bein’
dialog: You're okay here
text: He continues to load the rifle as he speaks, his cigarette
text: dangling from his lip, causing him to squint from the smoke
text: that curls around his eyes.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
text: Now the upstairs is the only other
dialog: way somethin’ can get in here, so
dialog: I’m gonna go up ‘n fix that
text: He snaps the clip after the last shell, and is about to
text: stand when his glance falls on the girl again and he tries
dialog: to get through one last time
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Okay? You gonna be all right?
text: She remains silent. The man stands, tucks the rifle under
text: his arm, grabs as much lumber as he can carry, and starts
text: for the stairs, the girl looks up at him, and he is aware
text: of it, but he keeps moving, and her stare follows.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: I’m gonna be right here. You're
dialog: all right now. I’m right here,
dialog: upstairs.
text: He starts up the stairs. At the top of the landing he is
text: confronted once again with the body that lies there torn
text: and defaced. He sets down his supplies, and the sight of
text: the corpse is repulsive and he tries not to look at it.
text: The body is lying half across a blood-soaked throw-rug, and
text: a few feet away is another throw-rug, with oriental
text: patterns and a fringe sewn around its edge. The man grabs
text: the second rug and rips away one edge of the fringe. Once
text: the initial tear is made, the rest of the fringe peels away
text: easily. He frees it and, taking the rifle, ties on end of
text: the fringe around the barrel and the other around the
text: narrow part of the stock. This done, he slings the rifle
text: over his shoulder. Then he leans over the corpse and takes
text: hold of one end of the rug on which it lies, and begins
text: dragging it across the floor.
text: On the landing is a long corridor with several closed
text: doors. He deposits the ugly load at one of the doorways
text: and throws open the door. Inside is a bedroom. He tries
text: the other doors and finds two more bedrooms, one a child’s
text: room. He begins to remove furniture into the hallway; his
text: plan is to afterwards board up the doors. The noise of his
text: work fills the old house ... Downstairs, Barbara still
text: sits dazed on the couch. The fire flickers on her face,
text: and the burning wood pops loudly now and again. Objects in
text: the room are silhouetted and the atmosphere is stark.
text: (The camera moves slowly in to her face.)
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: facilities have been
dialog: instructed to discontinue
dialog: programming stay tuned to
dialog: this
text: There is a sudden buzzing sound and crackling static. Then
text: a hodgepodge of newsroom sounds (as heard earlier by John
text: on the car radio): typewriters, ticker-tape machines, low
text: voices talking in the background. The sounds holds for a
text: long while. The girl does not seem to notice.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ++. er ... ladies and
dialog: gentlemen ... what? ... yeah,
dialog: yeah ... . la... what? yeah, I
dialog: got that one what? ...
dialog: another one? put it through
dialog: 
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: (The voice sounds tired, but
text: the man is able to read his
text: reports unemotionally, with
dialog: the air of a professional
dialog: commentator who has been
dialog: covering a major event for
dialog: forty-eight hours and is no
dialog: longer impressed with the
dialog: latest developments)
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Up to the minute reports inform us
dialog: that the ... siege ... first
text: documented in the midwestern
dialog: section of the country is indeed
dialog: spread across the nation, and is
dialog: in fact world-wide. Medical and
dialog: scientific advisors have been
text: summoned to the white house, and
text: reporters on the scene in
dialog: Washington inform us that the
dialog: President is planning to make
dialog: public the results of that
dialog: conference in an address to the
dialog: nation over your civil defense
dialog: emergency network.
text: (A long pause by the announcer, the camera studies
text: Barbara’s face. She is inert.)
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: The ... . strange ... . beings,
dialog: that have appeared in most parts
dialog: of the nation, seem to have
dialog: certain predictable patterns of
dialog: behavior. in the few hours
dialog: following initial reports of
dialog: violence and death ... and
text: apparently deranged attacks on the
dialog: lives of people taken completely
dialog: off guard, it has been established
dialog: that the ... alien beings are
dialog: human in many physical and
dialog: behavioral aspects. Hypotheses as
dialog: to their origin and their aims
dialog: have to this point been so varied
dialog: and so diverse that we must only
dialog: report these factors to be
dialog: unknown. teams of scientist and
dialog: physicians presently have the
dialog: corpses of several of the
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
text: aggressors, and these corpses are
dialog: being studied for clues that might
dialog: negate or confirm existing
dialog: theories. the most .
dialog: overwhelming fact ... is that
text: these ... beings are infiltrating
dialog: through urban and rural areas
dialog: throughout the nation, in forces
dialog: of varying number, and if they
dialog: have not as yet evidenced
dialog: themselves in your area,
dialog: please ... take every available
dialog: precaution. Attack may come at
dialog: any time, in any place, without
dialog: warning. Repeating the important
dialog: facts from our previous reports.
dialog: There is an... aggressive
dialog: force ... army... of
text: unexplained, unidentified
dialog: humanoid beings ... . that has
dialog: appeared ... . In world-wide
dialog: proportions ... . and these beings
dialog: are totally aggressive
dialog: irrational in their violence
dialog: civil defense efforts are
dialog: underway ... and investigations
dialog: as to the origin and purpose of
dialog: the aggressors are being
dialog: conducted. All citizens are urged
dialog: to take utmost precautionary
dialog: measures to defend against
dialog: the ... ..insidious ... alien
dialog: force ... these beings are weak
dialog: in physical strength ... are
dialog: easily distinguishable from humans
text: by their deformed appearance
dialog: They are usually unarmed but
dialog: appear capable of handling
dialog: weapons ... They have appeared,
dialog: not led and organized army, not
dialog: with any apparent reason or
dialog: plan ... indeed, they seem to be
dialog: driven with the urges of
dialog: entranced ... or ... . or
text: obsessed minds. they appear
dialog: totally unthinking ... they can..
dialog: I repeat: they can be stopped by
dialog: immobilization: that is, by
text: blinding or dismembering. they
dialog: are, on the average, weaker in
dialog: strength than an adult human, but
dialog: their strength is in numbers, in
dialog: surprise, and in the sheer fact
dialog: that they are beyond our normal
dialog: realm of understanding. They
dialog: appear to be irrational, non-
dialog: communicative beings ... and they
dialog: are definitely to be considered
dialog: our enemies in what we must call a
dialog: 44,
text: At this, Barbara bolts from the couch in wild, screaming
text: hysteria. She runs blindly toward the front door. The
text: truck-driver appears at the top of the stairs. Startled,
text: un-slinging the gun, he leaps down the stairs. The girl is
text: clawing at the barricade, trying to break out of the house,
text: she is sobbing in wild desperation. The man is almost upon
text: her, but she writhes out his reach, runs across the room
text: toward the maze of heaped-up furniture. Suddenly, from
text: within the maze, strong hands grab her. She screams in
text: terror. The truck-driver rushes toward her, and he is
text: startled by the sight of the other man, who is trying to
text: contain the hysterical girl. Behind him, an older man
text: stands holding a length of pipe at his side. They have
text: come through the door that the truck-driver had tried and
text: found locked. The man holding Barbara is dressed in
text: coveralls; he is probably a farmer, he is big and powerful-
dialog: looking.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (Still trying to calm the
dialog: girl)
dialog: It’s all right ... we’re from the
dialog: gas station ... we’re not
text: Barbara sags against him and sobs sporadically, in shock
text: and semi-relief. She is still nearly catatonic. The older
text: man rushes to the radio. The truck-driver just stares
text: dumbly as Tom calms the girl and leads her to a chair where
text: she sits very still, numb with expended emotion. The radio
text: voice continues with its information about the emergency.
text: The older man, Harry Tinsdale, crouches close to the radio,
text: still holding his length of pipe.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Listen.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE:
dialog: periodic reports, as
dialog: information reaches this newsroom,
dialog: as well as survival information
dialog: and a listing of red cross rescue
dialog: points, where pick-ups will be
dialog: made as often as possible with the
dialog: equipment and staff presently
dialog: available
text: The big truck-driver stands staring at the two new men. He
text: exudes an air of resentment, as though the strangers have
text: intruded on his private little fortress.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: -Why ... Man, I
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Looks like you got things pretty
text: well locked in.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: (Almost in an aggressive
dialog: tone)
dialog: Man, I could’ve used some help.
dialog: How long you guys been in there?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That’s the cellar ... . It’s the
dialog: safest place.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Man, you mean you didn’t hear the
dialog: racket we was makin’ up here?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How were we supposed to know what
dialog: was going on up here? It could
dialog: have been those things, for all we
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: That girl was screamin’. Now, you
dialog: know what a girl sounds like.
dialog: Them things don’t make no noise.
dialog: Anybody’s got to know there’s
dialog: somebody up here could use some
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You can’t really tell what’s goin’
dialog: on from down there
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We thought we could hear screams,
dialog: but that might have meant :
dialog: Those things were in the house
dialog: after her.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: And you wouldn’t come up ‘n help?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (A little ashamed)
dialog: Well, I.. if ... there was
dialog: more of us
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That racket sounded like the place
dialog: was being ripped apart ... How
dialog: were we supposed
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: You just said it was hard to hear
dialog: down there. Now you say it
dialog: sounded like the place was being
dialog: ripped apart. You better get your
dialog: story straight, mister .
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: All right! Now you tell me. I’m
dialog: not going to take those kind of
dialog: chances when we got a safe
dialog: place ... We luck into a safe
dialog: place, and you’re tellin’ us to
dialog: risk our lives just because
dialog: somebody needs help
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER:
dialog: Somethin’ like that, yeah.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (Not knowing whose side to
dialog: take)
dialog: All right ... why don’t we
dialog: settle
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (Ignoring everything but his
dialog: own line of thought)
dialog: Look, mister ... (he shouts this,
text: then calms his voice for the rest
dialog: of the line) all right ... we
dialog: came up, okay? We’re here. Now I
dialog: suggest we all go back downstairs
dialog: before any of these things find
dialog: out we're in here.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: They can’t get in here.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You got the whole place boarded
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: (His attitude softer toward
dialog: Tom)
text: Most of it. all but upstairs
dialog: It’s weak in places, but it won’t
dialog: be hard to fix it up good
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You're insane. The cellars the
dialog: safest place in the house.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: (Lashes out)
dialog: I’m tellin’ you they can’t get in
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: And I’m tellin you ... those
text: things turned over our car. We
dialog: were damned lucky to get away at
dialog: all. Now you tell me they can’t
dialog: get
text: through a pile of wood.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: His wife and kid’s downstairs.
text: The kid’s pretty badly tore up.
text: This statement takes the truck-driver completely by
text: surprise. His face softens, he exhales a deep breath.
text: Nobody says anything for a long moment. Finally, the
text: truck-driver swallows and makes his point again
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER:
dialog: Well, I... I think we’re better
dialog: off up here.
speaker_heading: TOM:
dialog: (Glancing about at the
dialog: barricades)
dialog: We could strengthen all these up,
dialog: Mr. Tinsdale.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER:
dialog: Man, with all us workin’ we could
dialog: fix this up so nothin’ can get in
dialog: here ... and we got food ... the
dialog: fire ... and we got the radio.
speaker_heading: HARRY:
dialog: We can bring all those things
dialog: downstairs with us. Man, you’re
dialog: crazy you got a million windows up
dialog: here ... All these windows,
dialog: you're gonna make strong enough to
dialog: keep them out?
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER:
dialog: Them things ain’t got no strength,
dialog: man, I smashed three of ‘em pushed
text: another one out the door.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I’m telling you they turned our
text: car onto it’s roof.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Oh, hell, any good five men can do
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That’s my point! ++. only
dialog: there’s not going to be five
dialog: there’s not going to be ten
dialog: twenty ... thirty ... a hundred.
dialog: Maybe ... you know? Once they
dialog: know we’re in here, the place’1l
dialog: be crawlin’ with ‘em.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Well, if there’s that many, there
dialog: gonna get us wherever we’re at.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Look, in the cellar, there’s only
dialog: one door, all right? Only one.
dialog: that’s the only place we have to
dialog: protect. And Tom and I fixed it
text: so it locks and boards from the
dialog: inside. but all these doors and
dialog: windows ... . Why, we’d never
dialog: know where they were going to hit
dialog: us next.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: You got a point, Mr. Tinsdale, but
dialog: down in the cellar there’s no
dialog: place to run... I mean, if they
dialog: do get in, there’s no back exit.
dialog: We'd be done for.
text: This stops Harry for an instant.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We could get out of here if we had
dialog: to ... and we can see what’s
dialog: goin’ on outside ... Down there,
dialog: there ain’t any windows.. If a
dialog: rescue party does come we’d never
dialog: know it ... windows
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: But the cellar is the strongest
dialog: place!
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
text: The upstairs is just as much of a
dialog: trap as the cellar ... There’s
dialog: three rooms up there, and they
dialog: have to be boarded up like this
dialog: stuff down here ... Then if they
dialog: do get in the windows they can’t
dialog: get past the doors ... and
dialog: they’re weak, we can keep them
dialog: out. I got this gun now, and I
dialog: didn’t have it before, and I still
dialog: beat three of them off ... now,
dialog: we might have to try and get out
dialog: of here ourselves, ‘cause there
dialog: ain’t no guarantee that anybody is
dialog: gonna send help ... Suppose them
dialog: things come in here ... We can’t
dialog: bust outta the cellar, cause we
dialog: open that one door and they got
dialog: us
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I don’t know. I think he’s right.
dialog: (he turns to the truck-driver) You
dialog: know how many’s out there?
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: I figure maybe six, seven.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Look, you two can do whatever you
dialog: like. I’m going back down to the
dialog: cellar, and you better decide,
dialog: because I’m gonna board up that
dialog: door and I’m not gonna be crazy
dialog: enough to unlock it again, no
dialog: matter what happens.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Wait a minute, Mr. Tinsdale, let’s
dialog: think about this for awhile
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Nope. I’ve made my decision. You
dialog: make yours. And you can stew in
dialog: your own juice.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (Flashing anger)
dialog: Now wait a minute dammit let’s
dialog: think about this awhile ... We
dialog: can make it into the cellar if we
dialog: have to ... and if we do decide
dialog: to stay down there, we will need
dialog: some things from up here ... Now
dialog: let’s at least consider this
dialog: awhile
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Man, if you box yourself into that
dialog: cellar, and if there is a lot of
dialog: them things that get into the
dialog: house, you had it. At least up
dialog: here you can outrun the things.
text: Tom is gone to one of the windows and is peering out
text: through an opening in the barricade.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah, looks like six ... or
dialog: about ... eight
text: His hand goes to his temple, and he rubs nervously, his
text: demeanor a little shaken. The truck-driver joins him at
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: That’s more than there was ..
dialog: there’s a bunch out the back,
text: too ... (he pivots to check the
dialog: kitchen) ... unless they’re the
dialog: same ones that was back here.
text: He bursts into the kitchen, as the fringed rifle sling
text: snaps and the weapon starts to fall. He twists to keep it
text: on his back, and tries to grab it, reaching behind. His
text: attention on the gun, he does not see the door as he moves
text: toward it. He regains control of the gun and looks up and
text: stops cold. Hands are reaching through the broken glass
text: behind the barricades ... graying, rotting hands,
text: scratching, reaching, trying to grab ... and through
text: aspects of the glass ... the inhuman faces behind the
dialog: hands. The barrier is being strained, no doubt about that,
text: but it is holding well enough.
dialog: 51.
text: The man smashes with the rifle butt against the ugly
text: extremities, pounding ... once, twice. One of the
text: grabbing hands is driven back with a shattering of the
text: already broken glass it was reaching through. The rifle
text: butt smashes one of the hands against the door molding
text: solidly ... but the hand, unfeeling of pain, continues to
text: claw after a hold. The man slides his finger to the
text: trigger, and turns the rifle, smashing the barrel through
text: another of the little broken glass areas, and two of the
text: gray hands seize the protruding metal. A dead face appears
text: behind the hands ... ugly ... expressionless. The man’s
text: face looks directly through the opening into the dead eyes
text: beyond, the man struggling desperately to control the
text: weapon and the zombie thing outside trying to pull it away
text: by the barrel. A brief instant when the muzzle points
text: directly at the hideous face ... BLAM... the report
text: shatters the air, the lifeless thing is thrown back,
text: propelled by the blast, its head torn partially away, its
text: still outstretched hands falling back with the crumpling
text: body. The other hands continue to clutch and grab. Tom has
text: rushed into the kitchen, and Harry is standing cautiously a
text: few feet from the doorway, still in the dining area. A
text: distant voice, that of Harry’s wife, suddenly begins to cry
text: out from the cellar:
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Harry ... . Harry... .
dialog: Harry ... . Are you all right?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: it’s all right, Helen ... we're
dialog: all right
text: Tom immediately rushes to the door. The truck-driver is
text: pounding at a hand that is trying to work at the barricade
text: from the bottom. The blows seem ineffectual, as the hand,
text: oblivious except for the physical jouncing about from
text: impact, continues to grab. Tom leaps against the door and
text: grabs the rotting wrist with both his hands, and tries to
text: bend the wrist back in an effort to break it, but it seems
text: limp and almost pliable. Disgust sweeps over the young
text: man’s face. He tries to scrape the cold thing against the
text: edge of the broken glass, and the absence of blood is
text: immediately evident as the sharp edge rips into what looks
text: like rotting flesh.
dialog: 52.
text: Another hand grabs at Tom’s wrist and tries to pull it
text: through the glass. Tom yells, and the truck-driver tries
text: to swing the barrel of the gun toward the thing struggling
text: with Tom, but another hand clutches at him even as he is
text: trying to help the younger man. A hand is clawing and
text: ripping his shirt ... but he focuses his attention on
text: aiming the gun. Another loud blast, and the hands Tom was
text: fighting jerk back, and fall into darkness. Foot against
text: the wall, the big man forces himself away from the door out
text: of the grasp of the hand still clutching his shirt. The
text: shirt tears away, and the thing backs off, still with the
text: fragment in its hand. Badly shaken, Tom just stares,
text: through another opening in the door. The truck-driver
text: takes careful aim and pulls the trigger again; the blast
text: rips through the thing’s chest, leaving s gaping hole in
text: its back ... but it remains on its feet, backing slowly
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh ... Good God!
text: Panicked at the failure of the weapon, the big man levels
text: off again ... another loud report. This time the shell
text: rips through the things thigh, just below the pelvis. The
text: thing still backs away, but as it tries to put weight on
text: its right leg it falls to a heap. The two men just stare
text: in disbelief. The thing is still moving away, dragging
text: itself with its arms and pushing against the ground with
text: its remaining leg.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Mother Of God ... What are these
dialog: things?
text: The truck-driver wets his lips, takes a deep breath and
text: holds it, carefully sights down the barrel of the rifle
text: again. He pulls the trigger. The shell seems to blow open
text: the skull of the crawling form, and it falls backwards.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Damn ... damn thing from
dialog: hell
text: (His voice trembles as he
text: lets out his held breath)
text: Outside, the thing that has fallen limply, without the use
text: of its eyes, moves its arms in groping, clutching motions,
text: seemingly still trying to drag itself away.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (From the cellar)
dialog: Harry ... . Harry!
dialog: 53.
text: After a moment of silence, the truck-driver turns from the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: We gotta fix these boards.
text: He starts to move to gather supplies, when Harry speaks.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You're crazy ... those things are
dialog: gonna be at every door and window
dialog: in the place. We’ve got to get
text: into the cellar.
text: The big truck-driver turns to Harry with absolute fury in
text: his eyes. His voice is deeper in his rage, and more
dialog: commanding.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Go ahead into your damn cellar!
dialog: Get outta here!
text: The shouting stops Harry for an instant, then his adamancy
text: returns. He has decided that he will go into the cellar
dialog: without the others if need be and is now prepared to gather
dialog: his supplies.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I’m taking the girl with me.
text: He moves toward the refrigerator in the kitchen, but the
text: big man steps in front of him.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: You keep your hands off of her,
dialog: she’s stayin’ here with me.
text: Harry is stopped again for a moment. Then he moves toward
text: the refrigerator again.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: And you don’t touch none of that
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER (CONT'D)
text: (His grip is still on the
text: gun, and though he doesn’t
dialog: point it at Harry, we are
dialog: aware of the power it
dialog: implies)
dialog: Now if I stay up here I’m gonna be
dialog: fightin’ for what’s up here
dialog: And that food and that radio and
dialog: all this is what I’m fightin’
dialog: for. And you are stone dead
dialog: wrong ... you’re just wrong, you
dialog: understand ... Now, if you’re
dialog: makin’ it to the cellar get your
dialog: ass movin’ ... go down these
dialog: stairs ... . and get out of here,
dialog: man . and and... don’t
dialog: mess with me no more
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (Turning toward Tom)
dialog: The man is crazy ... he’s
dialog: crazy ... We've got to have food
dialog: down there ... we have a
dialog: right
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: This is your house?
dialog: (He knows it isn’t)
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We've go a right to..
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: (Confronting Tom)
dialog: You goin’ down there with him?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: No beatin’ around the bush
dialog: you goin’ or ain’t you? This is
dialog: your last chance.
text: There is a long moment of silence. Tom then turns to the
dialog: older man
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Harry ... . I think he’s right.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You’re crazy.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I really think we’re better off up
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You’re crazy. I got a kid down
dialog: there. He can’t take all the
dialog: racket, and those things reaching
dialog: through the glass. We’1ll be lucky
dialog: if he lives as it is now.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: (More impersonal than ever
dialog: before)
dialog: Okay. Now you’re his father. If
dialog: you’re dumb enough to go die in
dialog: that trap, it’s your business.
dialog: But I ain’t dumb enough to go with
dialog: you. it’s just bad luck for the
dialog: kid that his old man’s so
dialog: dumb ... . Now get the hell down
dialog: the cellar ... you can be boss
dialog: down there ... and I’m boss up
dialog: here ... and you ain’t takin’
dialog: none of this food, and you ain’t
dialog: takin’ nothin’.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Harry ... we can get food to
dialog: you... if you want to stay down
dialog: there ... and
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You bastards!
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (From the cellar)
dialog: Harry ... Harry!
text: Harry looks toward the cellar door, looks back at the two
text: men, then quickly moves toward the door.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You know I won’t open the door
dialog: again. I mean it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We can fix this up here. With
dialog: your help, we could
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yeah ... . well I think you’re
dialog: both nuts ... with my help!
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: (To Tom)
dialog: Let him go, man, his mind is made
text: up, now let him go.
text: Harry looks for a moment, then lunges for the cellar door,
text: opens it, and slams it behind him... sounds of his
text: footsteps going down the steps
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (Rushes to the door)
dialog: Harry, we'd be better off up here!
text: The truck-driver ties the broken fringe back onto the
text: rifle, then begins to reload the gun, replacing the spent
dialog: shells.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (Shouting through the door)
dialog: Harry, if we stick together, man,
dialog: we can fix it up real good
dialog: There are places we can run to up
dialog: here
text: We hear sounds of Harry boarding up the door. The truck-
text: driver straps the gun to his shoulder again, then turns and
text: moves toward the upstairs. In passing, his glance falls on
text: Barbara. He steps backward off the stairs and looks at
text: her. The radio has taken up again with the monotonous
dialog: recorded message.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Harry ... we’d be better off if
dialog: all three of us was workin’
dialog: together
dialog: (Sounds of Harry’s
dialog: barricading)
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We’ll let you have food when you
dialog: need it ...
text: (he glances warily at the
text: truck-driver, half-expecting
dialog: reprisal for this)
dialog: +». and if we knock those things
dialog: might be chasin’ us and you can
dialog: let us in
text: Barricading sounds stop. Footsteps can be heard as Harry
text: walks down the cellar steps. Tom listens awhile, then
text: retreats, disappointed and worried about the lack of
dialog: Harry's efforts in the defensive measures that must lie
dialog: ahead.
dialog: 57.
text: The truck-driver is with Barbara, stooping beside her
text: chair; she stares into an unseeing void. The big man
text: softens at seeing her.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Hey ... hey, honey.
text: He brushes her hair back from her eyes. Tears well up and
text: it almost seems as though she might acknowledge his
text: tenderness, but she does not. The man feels very
text: sorrowful, almost as he would feel for his child when it
text: was sick. He massages his forehead and eyes, tired from
text: fear and exertion of the past hours. He bends to cover
text: the girl with a coat that he had brought from the den, then
text: steps away and feeds the fire, and stirs it to keep the
dialog: blaze good and warm, the primary concern in this effort is
text: for the girl. Behind him, tom walks up, truck-driver
dialog: senses his presence
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: He’s wrong, man.
text: Tom is silent.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: I ain’t boxin’ myself in down
dialog: there no how.
text: (he finishes with the fire
text: and rises to go upstairs, to
dialog: continue his work there)
dialog: We might be here several days
dialog: we'll get it fixed up... he’1l
dialog: come up ... He ain’t gonna stay
dialog: down there very long ... he’1l
dialog: wanta see what’s goin’ on... or
dialog: maybe if we get a chance to get
dialog: out ... he’1ll come up.
text: He turns and goes up the
dialog: stairs
text: The cellar, with its stark gray
text: walls and dusty clutter, seems
text: cold and damp. Cardboard cartons
text: tied with cord and a hanging grid
text: of pipe-work all look dirty in the
text: subdued light of bare light
text: bulbs. The cartons take up must
dialog: of the space; they vary in size
dialog: from grocery boxes with faded
dialog: brand names to large packing
dialog: crates that might have contained
text: furniture. The washing machine,
text: an old roller type, sits off ina
text: corner of the cellar near a
text: makeshift shower stall.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: TRUCKDRIVER
dialog: Lines for drying clothes are
text: strung over the pipe-work so low
dialog: that Harry has to duck under them
text: as he walks from the stairs to the
text: other side of the confining
text: quarters. There are stationary
text: tubs and an old metallic cabinet
text: against one of the walls. Harry’s
text: wife, Helen, is at the faucet over
text: the tubs, wetting a cloth with
text: cold water. She looks up as Harry
text: enters, but is more interested in
text: what she is doing at the moment.
text: She wrings out the cloth and takes
text: it to where a young boy, their
text: son, lies motionlessly atop a
text: homemade worktable. On a peg-
text: board above the table are hanging
text: tools and cables, and built into
text: the table itself are drawers that
dialog: probably contain smaller tools,
dialog: screws and bolts, washers, etc.
text: The woman moves a little stiffly
text: in the coolness of the cellar.
text: She is wearing a dress and
text: sweater, while a warmer coat is
text: spread on the table under the boy,
text: its sides flopped up and over him,
text: covering his legs and chest. The
text: woman bends over her son and wipes
text: his head with the cool cloth.
text: Harry quietly walks up behind her. She concentrates on
text: caring for the boy and pulls the coat more securely around
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (Not looking up)
text: He has a bad fever.
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: There’s two more people upstairs.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (Still primarily concerned
dialog: with the boy’s comfort)
dialog: Two?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yeah
dialog: (a long pause, then half-
dialog: defensively)
dialog: I wasn’t about to take any
dialog: unnecessary chances.
text: Helen is silent.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How did we know what was going on
dialog: up there?
text: Harry nervously reaches to his breast pocket for a
text: cigarette. He produces an empty pack and, seeing that it
text: is empty, crumples it in his hand and pitches it to the
text: floor. He steps over to the worktable where there is
text: another pack, snatches it up, and it too is empty. With
text: the same crumpling action, he discards this pack, violently
text: this time, the action spinning him into a position facing
text: his wife and boy. She continues to quietly swab the boy’s
text: forehead. Harry stares at them for a moment.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Does he seem to be all right?
text: Helen is silent. The boy is motionless. He is sweating to
text: the point where beads of sweat are formed all over his
text: face. Harry waits and, seeing no answer forthcoming,
dialog: changes the subject.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: They’re all staying upstairs
dialog: Idiots! We should stick
dialog: together ... it’s safest down
dialog: here .
text: He goes to his wife’s purse and rummages through it’s
text: contents. He pulls out a pack of cigarettes, rips the pack
text: open, and fumbles for a cigarette. He lights it and drags
text: in the first puff deeply. It makes him cough slightly.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: They don’t stand a chance up
dialog: there ... . they can’t hold those
dialog: things off forever ... There’s
dialog: too many ways they can get into
dialog: the house up there
text: Helen remains silent. On the floor, next to the workbench,
text: is a small transistor radio. Harry’s glance falls on it
text: and he stabs at it, scoops it up and clicks it on.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: They had a radio on upstairs
dialog: must’ve been civil defense or .
dialog: I think it’s not just us, this
text: thing is happening all over.
text: The radio picks up nothing but static. Harry plays with the
text: tuning dial, listening anxiously, but across the receiving
text: band the transistor Just hisses. Harry holds the radio up
text: and turns it into various positions, trying it for
text: reception, spinning the tuner as he goes. Still nothing
text: but hiss. He walks around the room with still no results.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: This damned thing
text: Still just static.
text: Helen stops wiping the boy’s forehead and neatly folds the
text: cloth, and drapes it over her son’s brow. She gently
text: places her hand on the boy’s chest and looks over toward
text: her husband. He moves impatiently around the cellar, his
text: cigarette dangling from his lip, waving the little radio
text: around in the air. The radio just emits static at varying
dialog: levels.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Harry
text: He continues his fidgeting with the radio. He goes near
text: the walls and stairs, holding it high and still spinning
dialog: the dial.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Harry ... that thing can’t pick
dialog: up anything in this stinking
dialog: dungeon!
text: Her rising tone of voice stops him; he turns and looks at
text: her. About to cry, she brings her hands to her face. She
text: bites her lip, and just stares at the floor. Looking at
text: her, Harry lets his anger take hold of him, but he cannot
text: think of words. His face twitches, his emotion searching
text: for some vehicle or expression, until he pivots violently
text: and flings the radio across the room.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (Shouting)
dialog: I hate you... right? I hate the
dialog: kid? I wanna see you die here,
dialog: right? In this stinking place. my
dialog: god, Helen, do you realize what’s
dialog: happening? Those things are all
dialog: over the place ... they’ll kill
dialog: us all ... I enjoy watching my kid
dialog: suffer like this? I enjoy seeing
dialog: all this happen?
text: Helen’s head jerks toward him. She looks at him with what
text: is almost vengeance.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: He needs help ... he needs a
dialog: doctor ... he’s ... he’s
dialog: gonna maybe die here ... We have
dialog: to get out of here, Harry. we
dialog: have to.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh, yeah ... let’s just walk
dialog: out. We can pack up right now and
dialog: get ready to go, and i’ll just say
dialog: to those things, ~Excuse me.. my
dialog: wife and kid are uncomfortable
dialog: here ... we’re going into town.’
dialog: For god’s sake ... there’s maybe
dialog: twenty of those things out there.
dialog: and there’s more every
dialog: minute
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: There’s people upstairs. We
dialog: should stick together you said.
dialog: Are we fighting with them?
dialog: Upstairs, downstairs ... what’s
dialog: the difference?
dialog: Maybe they can help us. Let’s get
dialog: out of here ... . let’s go
dialog: upstairs ... let’s do
dialog: something ... . let’s get out of
dialog: here
text: A pounding sound interrupts her. They listen. The sound
text: is coming from the door, at the top of the stairs.
speaker_heading: TOM
speaker_heading: HARRY!
dialog: (From outside the door)
dialog: 62.
text: More pounding. Harry just stares up at the door, and does
text: not answer the call. Tears well in Helen’s eyes. More
text: pounding. Helen looks at Harry. When he does not respond,
text: she gets up and goes for the stairs.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes ... yes, Tom!
text: Harry, running after her, grabs her shoulders from behind
text: and stops her.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Harry ... Harry ... it’s Tom
dialog: Ryan.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (Through the door)
dialog: Harry ... we got food, and some
dialog: medicine and things from up
dialog: here
text: Harry stares up at the door speechlessly.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: There’s gonna be a thing on the
dialog: radio ... in ten minutes,
dialog: Harry ... a civil defense
dialog: thing ... . to tell us what to do.
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: (Looking up at the door,
dialog: shouts)
text: WE’RE COMING UP! WE’LL BE UP INA
speaker_heading: MINUTE!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You’re out of your mind, Helen.
dialog: All it takes is a minute
dialog: those things get in up there and
dialog: it’s too late to change your
dialog: mind ... Don’t you see that?
dialog: Can’t you see that we’re safe as
dialog: long as we keep that door sealed
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I don’t give a damn! I don’t
dialog: care, Harry ... I don’t care
dialog: anymore... I want to get out of
dialog: here ... go upstairs ... see if
dialog: someone will help us ... maybe
dialog: Karen will be okay
dialog: 63.
text: Her shouting stops and she takes control of herself. She
text: steps toward Harry and speaks in a calmer tone, almost
dialog: pleading.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Harry ... please ... for justa
dialog: minute ... . we’ll go up and see
dialog: what’s up there ... We’ll hear
dialog: the radio, and maybe we can figure
dialog: some way to get out of here
dialog: maybe with all of us we can make
dialog: it, Harry.
text: Harry, his adamancy weakening somewhat, takes a cigarette
text: form his mouth, exhaling the last puff, and drops it to the
text: floor. He rubs it out with his foot. The smoke comes in
text: a long stream through his pursed lips.
text: Startlingly, Tom’s voice penetrates again.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Harry! ... . Hey, Harry! ... Ben
dialog: found a television upstairs! Come
dialog: on up... we’ll see the civil
dialog: defense broadcast on tv
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (Soothingly, to Harry, her
dialog: tone in attempt to relieve
dialog: the
dialog: onus Harry must feel in going
dialog: against his original decision)
dialog: Come on... let’s go up...
dialog: there’1l be something on tv that
dialog: tells us what to do. you can tell
dialog: them I wanted to come up .
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: (Acquiescing, but with stolid
text: misgivings, his eyes fasten
text: on her; he pronounces his
dialog: words with what is almost
dialog: menace)
dialog: All right ... this is your
dialog: decision ... we’ll go up... but
dialog: don’t blame me if we all get
dialog: killed
dialog: 64.
text: Her eyes fall away from his, and she leads as they go up
text: the stairs. The cellar door swings open. Helen and Harry
text: step into the hallway. Faltering, they peer through the
text: entranceway into the living-room. Harry, standing behind
text: his wife, is hostile. Partially due to anger with himself
text: because he has reneged on his decision about the cellar.
text: Helen, too, is over-wrought, due to the emotional effect of
text: the recent argument and to the fact that she is about to
text: meet strange people in an anxious circumstance.
text: But only Tom and Barbara are in the living-room, and
text: Barbara, overcome with nervous exhaustion, is sleeping
text: fitfully on the couch.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We can see the broadcast, I
dialog: think ... if the tv works. I
dialog: have to go help ben.
text: Helen has gone immediately to Barbara, looks down at her
text: sympathetically, brushes back her hair and pulls the
text: overcoat around her shoulders.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Poor thing ... she must have been
dialog: through a lot.
text: Harry, during these moments, has been flitting anxiously
dialog: all over the house ... from door to window to kitchen to
dialog: living-room ... . checking out the actual degree of
dialog: security and worrying about imminence of attack at any
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (To Helen)
dialog: I think her brother was killed out
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: (Yelling somewhat peeved,
dialog: from upstairs)
dialog: Tom... hey, Tom! Are you gonna
dialog: give me a hand with this thing?
text: Tom startles, aware of his procrastination, and bolts for
text: the upstairs to help Ben. Harry, pausing momentarily in
text: his anxiety comes over to where his wife is looking after
dialog: Barbara.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Her brother was killed
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: This place is ridiculous. there’s
dialog: a million weak spots up here.
text: (We hear sounds from upstairs of Tom and Ben struggling
text: with the television set. They are making their way down
dialog: the steps)
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I don’t care ... there’s people
dialog: up here. why don’t you do
dialog: something to help somebody?
text: Harry, not really hearing her, is staring once more into
text: the gloom outside.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I can’t see a damn thing out
dialog: there! there could be fifty
dialog: million of those things, I can’t
dialog: see a thing that’s how much good
dialog: these windows do us
text: The truck-driver, who with Tom has reached the landing with
text: the heavy television set, has heard the last part of
text: Harry’s remark. He glowers even as he moves with his end
text: of the burden, but says nothing, as he and Tom gingerly
text: deposit the TV in the center of the room. They hunt for an
text: outlet, find it, then slide and walk the set until the cord
text: is close enough to be plugged in. Ben kneels behind the set
text: to plug in the cord.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Wake that girl up. if there’s
dialog: going to be a thing on the tube,
dialog: she might as well know where she
dialog: stands. i don’t wand anybody’s
dialog: life on my hands.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Harry! ... stop acting like a
dialog: child!
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: (On his feet, finished with
dialog: plugging in the set)
dialog: I don’t want to hear anymore from
dialog: you, mister. if you stay up here,
dialog: you'll take your orders from
dialog: me... and that includes leaving
dialog: that girl alone. she needs
dialog: rest ... she’s just about out of
dialog: her head as it is now... now
dialog: we're just going to let her sleep
dialog: it off. and nobody’s going to
dialog: touch her unless i say so
text: Ben stares Harry down for at least a moment, to ascertain
text: that he is at least temporarily silenced, then his hand
text: plunges immediately to the television set. He snaps it on,
text: the occupants of the room jockey for vantage points, and
text: there are a baited few seconds of dead silence as they all
text: wait to see if the set will actually warm up. All eyes are
text: on the tube. A hiss begins, increases in volume, Ben
text: cranks the volume all the way. A glowing band appears and
text: spreads, filling the screen.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It’s on.. it’s on!
text: There are murmurs of excitement and anticipation. But the
text: tube only shows nothing. No picture, no sound. Just the
text: glow and hiss of the tube. Ben’s hand races the tuning
text: dial through the clicks of the various stations.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Play with the rabbit-ears ... we
dialog: should be able to get something.
text: Ben fusses with horizontal and vertical, with brightness
text: and contrast. On one station, he finally gets sound. He
text: adjusts the volume, the picture tumbles, he plays with it
text: and finally brings it in. Full-Screen is a commentator, in
text: the middle of a news report
text: (The people in the room settle back to listen.)
speaker_heading: TV COMMENTATOR
dialog: assign little credibility to
dialog: the theory that this onslaught is
text: a product of mass hysteria.
dialog: Authorities advise utmost caution
dialog: until the menace can be brought
text: under absolute control. Eyewitness
dialog: accounts have been investigated
dialog: and documented.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: TV COMMENTATOR
text: Corpses of vanquished aggressors
dialog: are presently being examined by
dialog: medical pathologists, but autopsy
dialog: efforts have been hampered by the
dialog: mutilated condition of these
dialog: corpses. Security measures
dialog: instituted in metropolitan areas
dialog: include enforced curfews and
dialog: safety patrols by armed
dialog: personnel. Citizens are urged to
dialog: remain in their homes. Those who
dialog: ignore this warning expose
dialog: themselves to intense danger from
dialog: the aggressors themselves, and
dialog: from armed citizenry ... whose
dialog: impulse may be to shoot first and
dialog: ask questions later.
text: (During the telecast, there are mixed feelings and
text: reactions, but these responses are sporadic and
text: infrequent. Predominant mood of all involved is to learn
dialog: as much as possible from the telecast.)
speaker_heading: TV COMMENTATOR
dialog: Rural or otherwise-isolated
dialog: dwellings have most frequently
dialog: been the objective of frenzied,
dialog: concerted attack. isolated
dialog: families are in extreme
dialog: danger. Escape attempts should be
dialog: made in heavily-armed groups, and
dialog: by motor vehicle if possible.
dialog: appraise your situation carefully
text: before deciding upon an escape
dialog: tactic. Fire is and effective
dialog: weapon. these beings are highly
dialog: flammable. Escape groups should
dialog: strike out for the nearest urban
dialog: community. Manned defense outpost
dialog: have been established on major
dialog: arteries leading into all
dialog: communities.
dialog: These outposts are equipped to
dialog: defend refugees and to offer
dialog: medical and surgical
text: assistance. Police and vigilante
dialog: groups are in the process of
text: combing remote areas in search and
dialog: destroy missions against all
dialog: aggressors. These patrols are
text: attempting to evacuate isolated
dialog: families.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: TV COMMENTATOR
dialog: But rescue efforts are proceeding
dialog: slowly, due to the increased
dialog: danger of nightfall and the sheer
dialog: enormity of the task. rescue, for
dialog: those in isolated circumstances,
dialog: is highly undependable. you should
dialog: not wait for a rescue party unless
dialog: there is no possibility of
dialog: escape. If you are few against
dialog: many, you will almost certainly be
text: overcome. The aggressors are
dialog: irrational and demented. their
dialog: sole urge is the quest for human
dialog: flesh. Sheriff Conan W.
dialog: McClelland, of the county
dialog: department of public protection,
dialog: was interviewed minutes after he
dialog: and his vigilante patrol had
dialog: vanquished several of the
dialog: aggressors. we bring you now the
dialog: results of that interview.
dialog: (Fade and segue to video-tape interview)
text: Open on wide shot. A night scene. Dense woods. Posted
text: guards maintain the periphery of a small clearing.
text: Sporadic gunfire can be heard in the distance. Some of the
text: men smoke, some talk in groups. The area is illumined by a
text: large bonfire. Sheriff McClelland is the focal figure,
text: MCU, so that as he talks we catch glimpses of activity in
text: the background. He is shouting commands, supervising
text: defense measures and the burning of the bodies, at the same
dialog: time trying to answer reporter’s questions. We cut or zoom
text: closer. McClelland is pacing around, not straying too far,
text: because a lavaliere microphone is hanging on a cord around
text: his neck. The crackle of the bonfire, the shouts and the
text: bustle of activity can be constantly heard behind his
text: commentary. As he talks, he frequently turns away, his
dialog: primary concern being his efforts in dealing with the
text: aggressors and controlling his search party.
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: (Taking up with a previously-
dialog: asked question)
dialog: yeah ... well, this is rough
dialog: country for an evening hike
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: +. but things ain’t going too
dialog: badly. the men are taking it
dialog: pretty well. we killed nineteen
dialog: of ‘em today, right around this
dialog: general area. these last three we
text: found trying to claw their way
text: into an abandoned mine shed .
dialog: nobody in there.. but these things
text: just pounding and clawing, trying
dialog: to bust their way in...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: it’s funny in a way ... must’ve
dialog: thought there was people in
dialog: there ... we heard the racket and
dialog: came and blasted them down
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: What’s your opinion, then? can we
dialog: defeat these things?
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: There ain’t no problem.. only
dialog: problem is whether we can get to
dialog: ‘em before they kill off all these
dialog: people. but me and my men can
dialog: handle ‘em okay ... we ain’t lost
dialog: nobody, or suffered any
dialog: casualties. all you gotta do is
dialog: shoot for the eyes. you can tell
dialog: anybody out there ... all you
dialog: gotta do is draw a sharp bead and
dialog: shoot for the eyes ... or beat
dialog: ‘em down ‘n lop their heads
dialog: off .
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Then I’d have a decent chance
dialog: even if I was surrounded by two or
dialog: three of them?
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: If you had yourself a club ... or
dialog: a good torch.. you could hold ‘em
dialog: off or burn ‘em to death. they
dialog: catch fire like nothin’ ... go up
dialog: like wax paper ... but the best
dialog: thing is to shoot for the
dialog: eyes ... don’t wait for us to
dialog: rescue you... ‘cause if they get
dialog: you too far outnumbered you've had
dialog: it... We’re doin’ our best.. but
dialog: we only got so many men and a
dialog: whole lot of open country to
dialog: comb .
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: But you think you can bring things
dialog: under control?
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: We got things in our favor now.
dialog: It’s only a question of time. We
dialog: ain’t for certain how many there
dialog: are of them things ... . but we
dialog: know that when we find ‘em we’re
dialog: able to kill ‘em. so it’s a matter
dialog: of time ... they’re weak ... but
dialog: there’s pretty many of ‘em
dialog: don’t wait for no rescue party.
dialog: arm yourself to the teeth, get
text: together in a group, and try and
dialog: make it to a rescue station
dialog: that’s the best way ... but if
dialog: you're alone you got to set stock
dialog: still and wait for help ... . and
dialog: we'll try like hell to get there
dialog: before they do
text: (Scene fades, segues back to live announcer)
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: (Emphasizing his point, even
text: as scene fades out)
dialog: tell ‘em to shoot for the
dialog: eyes ... that’1ll stop these
dialog: bojobbers!
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
dialog: You have heard Sheriff Conan W.
dialog: McClelland, for the county
dialog: department of public protection.
dialog: this is your civil defense
dialog: emergency network, with reports
dialog: every hour on the hour for the
dialog: duration of this emergency.
dialog: Remain in your homes. Keep all
dialog: doors and windows locked. Do not
dialog: under any circ
text: (Ben reaches over and clicks off the television)
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Why’d you click it off for?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: The man said they only come on
dialog: every hour ... . we heard all we
dialog: need to know. We gotta get out of
dialog: here.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: he said the rescue stations have
dialog: doctors and medical supplies
dialog: If we could get there, they could
dialog: help Karen.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (Scoffing)
dialog: How’re we gonna bust outta here?
dialog: we got a sick kid, two women
text: one of ‘em outta her head and
dialog: three men. And there’s a million
dialog: of
dialog: them things outside.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Willard should have a checkpoint
dialog: there ... about seventeen miles
dialog: from here.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (Excited)
dialog: You from here ... you know this
dialog: area?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah ... I was workin’ in the
dialog: cemetery across the road ... I’m
dialog: the caretaker ... two of them
dialog: things attacked me and i
dialog: hightailed it over here ... found
dialog: everybody wiped out ... not too
dialog: long after, these other people
dialog: fought their way in here ... I was
dialog: scared but I opened the basement
text: door and let them in.
text: (Unbeknownst to everybody else, Barbara has been sitting
text: up, listening; now she speaks, startling them and gathering
text: their attention. She has come down from her hysteria, but
dialog: is very weak.)
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: You work in the cemetery? ... My
text: brother is over there.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You poor thing ... (Rushes to
dialog: Barbara, comforting) My boy is
dialog: hurt too. we have to get toa
dialog: rescue station ... the television
dialog: told us ... we have to try and
dialog: escape.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well, I think we ought to stick
dialog: right here ... and wait fora
dialog: rescue party. He said if you’re
dialog: few against many you don’t have a
dialog: chance ... We can’t tramp
dialog: seventeen miles through those
dialog: things
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: We ain’t got to tramp. My truck’s
text: right outside the door.
text: This stops Harry. There is a moment of silence.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: But i’m just about out of
dialog: gas ... There’s a pump near the
text: shed outside, but it’s locked.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (Becoming more enthused,
dialog: seeing possibilities)
dialog: The key ought to be around
dialog: somewhere ... . there’s a big key-
text: ring in the basement .
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (Jumps up)
dialog: I’m gonna go look ... the keys
dialog: are labeled
dialog: (He bolts for the cellar)
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Is there a fruit-cellar?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yeah ... why?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: We’re gonna need lots of jars
dialog: We can make molotov cocktails
dialog: scare those things back ... then
dialog: fight our way to the pump and gas
text: up the truck.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We’re gonna need kerosene.
dialog: There’s a jug of that in the
dialog: basement too.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Barbara and ican help. We can
dialog: rip up sheets and things.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (Clomps up from the cellar)
dialog: Here’s the key-ring. The pump key
text: is marked with a piece of tape.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Good ... that settles that
dialog: question ... but we should take a
dialog: crowbar anyway ... in case the
text: key doesn’t work. The crowbar can
dialog: double as a weapon for whoever
dialog: goes with me. But I don’t want to
dialog: get all the way out there and find
dialog: out the pump won’t open
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I’ll go ... you and me can fight
dialog: our way to the pump ... The women
dialog: can stay in the cellar and take
dialog: care of the kid. We should have
dialog: a stretcher ... . bBarbara and
dialog: Helen can do that
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Harry, you’re gonna have to guard
dialog: the upstairs. Once we inboard the
dialog: door, those things can get in here
dialog: easy. But me and tom have to get
dialog: in, too, after we get back here
dialog: with the truck. You’ve got to
dialog: guard the door, and unlock it for
dialog: us. Then we’ll board it up as fast
dialog: as we can, ‘cause those things are
dialog: gonna come fast on our heels
dialog: If we don’t get back, well then
dialog: you'll be able to see from
dialog: upstairs, and you can barricade
text: the door again and go to the
dialog: basement ... You can sit down
text: there and wait for a rescue party.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I want the gun, then. it’s the
dialog: best thing for me to use. You’re
dialog: not going to have time to stop and
dialog: aim.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (Adamantly)
dialog: I’m keeping this gun ... nobody
dialog: else lays a hand on it ... I found
dialog: it and it’s mine.
dialog: 73.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You don’t care what happens to
dialog: uS ... . How do we know you and
dialog: Tom won’t just take the truck and
dialog: cut out?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (Glowering, with controlled
dialog: anger)
dialog: That’s the chance you have to
dialog: take. If we cut out, you’1ll have
dialog: your goddamn basement. Like
dialog: you've been crying about all
dialog: along.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: We're going to die here ... if we
dialog: don’t all work together.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: My brother’s out there ... maybe
dialog: we can get him and bring him
text: back. He’s just wounded
dialog: he’1ll be okay
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (Understanding)
dialog: That’s okay, honey ... . we'll be
dialog: all right ... maybe your brother
dialog: will be, too
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Let’s get busy. we’ve got a lot
dialog: to do, if we’re gonna bust out of
dialog: here.
text: He is on his feet, taking command. We fade out of the
dialog: scene
text: fade into new scene, completion of escape
text: preparations. Tom is pouring kerosene into fruit jars,
text: Helen is dipping twisted rag fuses in kerosene in the
text: bottom of a dish. Barbara comes from the kitchen with more
text: jars, drying them on the outside and putting them on the
text: table. She and Helen begin working the kerosene soaked
text: fuses through holes which Tom has cut in the jar lids.
text: Between them is a crude stretcher, made of broomsticks and
text: torn sheets, this presumable for the wounded girl, Karen.
text: The television is off, but the radio drones lowly,
text: repeating the recorded message ... The radio is on as a
dialog: monitor only, that they may work and still keep up with
dialog: news that my affect their situation.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I don’t know what to think about
dialog: my brother ... We have to get out
dialog: of here ... maybe we’ll find him
dialog: in Willard ... maybe he was able
dialog: to crawl to the car ... and get
dialog: away
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: We have to think of ourselves
dialog: now ... it’s hard for you... but
dialog: it’s all we can do... my girl is
dialog: getting worse too ... I have to
dialog: get her to a doctor
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (Coming over, checking the
dialog: stretcher, making sure
dialog: the makeshift straps will hold)
text: Broomsticks and belt-buckles
text: and old sheets, it seems to hold
dialog: okay ... I always hated the boy
dialog: scouts
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It'll be okay ... is there
dialog: anything open upstairs?
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: Some windows in the rooms. ben is
text: unfastening the doors now.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We'll throw the cocktails from
dialog: upstairs ... just splash the
dialog: whole area with them ... That
dialog: should keep most of them away
dialog: while we make a break for the
dialog: truck.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: We’re ready ... here comes Ben
dialog: now
text: (Hears him coming down the
dialog: stairs)
text: Ben, the gun strapped around his back, is carrying a
text: crowbar and claw-hammer. He walks around checking
text: preparations, smiles at Barbara, glad to see she’s a little
dialog: better.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Things are ready up there. Now me
dialog: and tom will un-board the front
dialog: door ... Harry, you take the two
text: women upstairs. Carry the molotov
dialog: cocktails with you... Soon as
dialog: the door’s unbarred, we can throw
dialog: those things all over the
dialog: place ... Make sure they catch
dialog: fire good ... then the women bust
dialog: down here and get in the cellar.
dialog: don’t forget the stretcher
dialog: When we hear your footsteps on the
dialog: stairs, me and tom’1l be gone.
dialog: It'll be up to you, Harry
dialog: you've gotta watch this door
dialog: Got yourself a good length of
dialog: pipe?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I have a pitchfork.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Good ... okay.
text: Tom and Ben go over to the door. The others gather fruit-
text: jars, etc., and sneak quietly to the un-boarded room
text: upstairs. Tom and Ben are left alone. Tom is soaking a
text: table-leg in kerosene, ready to light it for use as a
text: torch. They fall to work on the door ... the painstaking
text: work of quietly undoing the barricade. They do not want to
text: give alarm to the lurking things outside. With crowbar and
text: claw-hammer, very carefully, both men working on each
text: separate piece of lumber, they undo the barricade. Each
text: nail-creak is a menace. They are alert to the constant
dialog: danger.
text: They finish, and watch, posting themselves anxiously by the
text: door. Shadowy figures lurk in the dark outside. Tom and
text: Ben wait for the Molotov shower to begin
text: A cry is heard, a window flies open, the first fiery blaze
text: light in the yard. More follow, some aimed for the
text: creatures themselves. One of two catch fire.. the others
text: start to back away ... the entire field is lit up
text: bombs shower from upstairs.
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: (Shouting, from upstairs,
text: slamming the door to the
dialog: room he was in)
dialog: That’s all, Ben ... run for it!
dialog: 77.
text: His voice echoes, as Tom and Ben burst into the yard. They
text: are armed with torches, and with the gun. They leap into
text: the truck. Tom plunges a torch into the chest of an
text: attacker, who immediately catches fire and goes down na
text: blaze, clutching the torch
text: The truck starts up, and careens, in a u-turn for the old
text: shed. Attackers fall away as it starts out. Ben aims,
text: fires several shots, most miss as the truck jounces toward
text: the gas pump across the yard. But one creature goes down,
text: at the front of the gas pump near the old shed. Tom and
text: Ben leap out. Attackers are starting to make their way to
text: them from across the yard. Tom fumbles with the key to the
text: locked pump. Ben shoves him back, hurriedly aims the gun,
text: the gun fires, blowing the lock to pieces ... . Gas spurts
text: all over the place ... creatures advance ... gas still
text: spurting, Tom crams the nozzle into the mouth of the gas
text: tank in the back of the truck. Ben crouches and level off
text: with his weapon ... an approaching attacker goes down
text: but more are coming on ... Tom’s torch has inadvertently
text: set fire to the doused truck ... the flames begin to lick
dialog: and spread ... the attackers gather in force.. ever
text: closer ... Tom leaps into the flaming truck, it skids and
text: lurches across the yard ... Ben shouts, to no avail
text: the flaming truck speeds away, driven by the panicked
dialog: Tom ... several of the things are upon Ben ... he
text: thrashes and pounds them with torch and gun ... ignoring
text: Tom, he has to try and fight his way back to the
dialog: house .
text: From inside the house, the panicked and cowardly Harry, has
text: seen only pieces of the action. He has been darting back
text: and forth from door to window, trying to see what has been
text: happening outside ... from his viewpoint, the escape
text: attempt has met with total doom. He has seen the truck
text: catch fire, driven away by Tom. Ben appears to be
dialog: overwhelmed.
text: Harry runs again to the door. He sees the truck,
text: completely in flames, speeding away from the house, toward
text: a small rise. Back to the kitchen window ... . Ben is
text: about to be overcome ... things all around him
text: Harry does not see, as Tom jumps from the burning truck to
text: be seized by attacking ghouls. The truck continues
text: unmanned over the far rise ... and explodes violently...
text: the noise and flame shattering the night ... Several
text: ghouls are at the front door, trying to beat their way into
text: the house. From inside, Harry is in complete terror. He
text: cannot hold out ... all is lost ... he panics and bolts
dialog: for the cellar
dialog: 78.
text: But Ben has slugged his way through the attackers on the
text: porch ... he is pounding for admission at the front door.
text: He turns, and with a powerful lunge, kicks the last
text: attacker off the porch. On the rebound, he plows his
text: shoulder against the door. It crashes open, the lock
text: broken, and Ben bursts through in time to catch Harry at
text: the cellar door ... but there is no time. Ben frantically
text: turns to re-boarding the door. His eyes meet Harry’s for
text: an instant ... then they both fall to work. They board
text: up the door ... they are temporarily safe ... they turn
text: and look at each other, sweat streaming from each
text: face ... .. Harry knows what is coming.
text: Ben’s fist crashes against Harry’s face ... he is driven
text: back, one punch following another, until Ben corners him,
text: clenching his lapels, against the wall ... Ben’s words
text: spit out, each work punctuated by an additional slam of
text: Harry against the wall
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You... rotten ... next..
dialog: time ... you try something
dialog: like that.. I’11 kill you
text: Ben slams him one final time, and he slides down the wall,
text: crumples on the floor. His face is swollen, he is streaming
text: blood. Ben is already at the cellar door
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (Pounding)
dialog: Come on up! it’s us... it's all
dialog: over ... Tom is dead!
dialog: Fade out.
text: The survivors are gathered in the living-room. Barbara and
text: Helen are slumped on the sofa. Overwhelming mood of
text: hopelessness and despair. Harry sulks in a corner, his
text: head slung back, his face swollen, he is holding an ice-
text: pack against his eye. His good eye follows Ben, who is
text: pacing about the room, when Ben’s pacing takes him to the
text: kitchen, or to some area out of Harry’s sight, the good eye
text: nervously relaxes. Ben’s movements make virtually the only
text: sound, he is checking the defenses, by force of old habit
text: rather than hope. The rifle is slung on his back. For a
dialog: long time, we well on the scene, on the absolute
text: dejectedness of the prisoners within the barricaded
text: house ... Ben paces from door to kitchen to window, he
text: starts to go upstairs, stops, checks himself, goes to the
text: door again ... he looks at his watch
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Ten minutes to three ... there’ll
dialog: be another broadcast in ten
dialog: minutes
text: Nobody says anything. Ben pulls back the curtain, his eyes
text: grow suddenly wide, but he watches for a long moment.
dialog: (We see his view of the outside)
text: There are many ghouls, lurking in the shadows of the
text: hanging trees. Some of the things are in the open, much
text: nearer to the house than they dared come before. Remains
text: of charred bodies are dimly apparent in various parts of
text: the lawn. But Ben’s eyes are fastened on a more grisly
text: scene at the edge of the lawn, in the moonlight, several
text: ghouls are devouring what was once Tom ... . They rip and
text: tear into aspects of his body ... .. ghoulish teeth
text: biting into Tom’s arms and hands ... Ben stares
dialog: fascinated ... and repulsed
text: With a convulsive movement his fingers release the curtain;
text: he turns, shaken, and faces the others ... beads of
text: perspiration dripping from his forehead.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Don’t ... don’t anyone of you
dialog: look out there... You won’t like
dialog: what you see
text: Harry's good eye fastens on Ben, watches him, satisfies and
text: contemptuous to see the big man weaken. Ben moves for the
text: television, clicks it on. Barbara’s scream pierces the
text: room. Ben leaps back from the television ... . She is on
text: her feet, screaming, uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: We’ll never get out of here
dialog: none of us! ... we’ll never get
dialog: out of her alive! Johneee!
dialog: Johneee! ... oh! ... oh!
dialog: god... none of us ... none of
dialog: us... help... oh god
dialog: god!
text: Before anyone can move to her, she chokes up as suddenly as
text: she began, and slumps, sobbing violently, to the couch.
text: Her face buried in her hands. Helen tries to soothe her,
text: but great sobs come wracking from deep within ... she
text: grows gradually quiet, the sobs diminish, but she remains
text: slumped on the couch, her face covered with her hands.
text: Helen covers her with the overcoat but the action seems
text: futile, Barbara makes no movement whatsoever.
dialog: 80.
text: Ben allows himself to sink very slowly into a chair in
text: front of the TV. Harry’s good eye goes from Barbara to
text: Ben. His eye fastens on the gun, which Ben lowers butt
text: first to the floor and leans across his legs. Ben threads
text: his arm through the fringed sling, and maintains his grip
text: on the fore-piece. Harry watches.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (Getting up, announces)
dialog: I’m going to the cellar to take
dialog: care of Karen.
text: (She bends over, places her
dialog: hand on Barbara)
dialog: Come on honey ... come and talk
dialog: to me ... it’1ll make you feel
dialog: better
text: But Barbara makes no response. Helen turns and starts for
text: the cellar door, she has to squeeze past Harry’s chair.
text: Furtively, his eye on Ben, Harry touches her and pulls her
text: towards him. She, too, watches Ben, she knows something is
text: up, Ben remains transfixed before the TV, he is lost in
text: thought, his mind drifts somewhere ... There is nothing
text: on the screen just a dull glow and low hiss over scanning
text: lines and static. He has turned the set on too early.
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: (Whispering, cautiously and
dialog: quickly to Helen)
dialog: I’ve got to get that gun... we
dialog: can go to the cellar ... You have
dialog: to help me
text: He has let the ice-pack come away from his eye. We see its
text: swollen, blackened condition and the desperation n his
text: face. Ben still gazes at the TV. Worried about the
text: possibility that Ben might catch them in the act, and not
text: really sympathizing with Harry, Helen pulls away, but she
text: leans her face to Harry’s and whispers quickly
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I’m not going to help you :
dialog: haven’t you had enough ... he’d
dialog: kill us both.
text: She goes to the cellar, and on the way has to pass behind
text: Ben’s chair, she hesitates, her eyes fall on the gun, the
text: sling is wound around Ben’s arm. We study her face, it is
dialog: not clear whether she would have taken it or not. But she
text: makes no attempt. She opens the door and goes down into
text: the cellar. Harry’s eye follows her as she leaves.
dialog: 81.
text: As Helen reaches the bottom of the cellar stairs, she looks
text: up, and her face shows startlement ... a shaken smile
text: her daughter is sitting up, propped on her elbows, on the
dialog: workbench table.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Karen
text: She starts for her, but stops ... there is something
text: strange ... her face turns slowly toward her ... we see
text: the ghoulish look in her eye ... She is DEAD. She begins
text: to rise slowly, terrifyingly, her features grotesque
text: the coat that was her blanket begins to fall away ... her
text: eyes stare through Helen ... . And beyond her ... slowly,
text: agonizingly, she raises herself from the table
text: Helen, terrified, begins to back away, across the cellar,
text: her hand falls on a knife, her child creeps toward her
text: She moves a large packing crate, trying to block her
text: path ... trying to stave the confrontation... but she is
text: too late ... she springs. It appears as though the knife
text: will be driven into her breast.
dialog: But, on the spring, we cut to the upstairs ... where,
text: simultaneously, a scream pierces the room. An assault has
text: begun, the things are beginning to break into the house.
text: They have gotten into the den ... and are hammering at the
text: barricaded door ... the walls are starting to come
dialog: apart
text: Ben is on his feet, trying to reinforce the barricades;
text: with hammer and crowbar, he works furiously
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Harry! Harry! ... . give mea
dialog: hand over here!
text: Harry comes over, behind Ben, and instead of helping, rips
text: the gun from Ben’s back. Holding the gun on Ben, Harry
text: backs toward the cellar. Ben turns around, panicked, the
text: things are breaking into the house...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What are you up to man? We’ve got
dialog: to keep those things out!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (Backing away)
dialog: Now we’ll see who’s going to shoot
dialog: who ... I’m going to the
dialog: cellar ... and you can rot up
dialog: here ... you crazy bastard
dialog: 82.
text: His hand goes behind him to the cellar door ... but at
text: that moment the ghoulish Karen leaps upon him with great
text: thud ... Karen is at Harry’s throat. Ben is able to grab
text: the gun ... he levels off, trying to hit the kid ... but
text: a sudden wrench of the two struggling bodies ... and Ben
text: misses ... Harry screams ... a great clot of blood
text: appears at his chest ... clutching the wound, he begins to
text: go down... he falls through the entranceway to the cellar
text: stairs ... he reels, grabs the banister and begins to
text: descend ... . We see his view as he falls
text: reeling ... head-first down the stairs ... . Ben
text: meantime ... has flung the kid, Karen with one heave
text: against the wall ... but things have broken into the
text: house ... . Everywhere, the barricades are coming apart.
text: Barbara, with the hysteria of revenge, has flung herself
text: into the attack. She smashes a chair against one of the
text: aggressors... it goes down ... she smashes and smashes
text: it... on the floor ... until there is nothing left of
text: the chair ... she comes up, still swinging, fighting with
text: Ben against the things that have come into the house.
text: It is quite apparent that they cannot hold out ... The
text: attack rages ... they are overwhelmed ... Ben grabs
text: Barbara and pulls her after him toward the cellar ... she
text: is lashing and swinging, beating at an attacker, even as he
text: drags her away
text: Ben flings open the door to the cellar ... and Helen is at
text: his throat ... he brings the gun up between their
text: struggling bodies until the muzzle is against her throat,
text: and squeezes the trigger ... .. she is blown halfway across
text: the room ... Ben and Barbara run down the stairs.
text: But Harry is sprawled in a pool of blood on the
text: floor ... . He is dead ... but beginning to rise ... Ben
text: pushed Barbara back ... she turns her head away ... Ben
text: raises the gun and we study this as three evenly-spaced
text: shots rip the room ... Ben is almost glad to kill
text: Harry ... he turns to Barbara, breathing hard... she
text: collapses against him, and begins to sob..
text: We hear faint pounding against the barricaded cellar door.
text: But it is holding. The creatures cannot get in
text: The screen is black. There are the sounds of birds
text: fainter sounds of dogs... human voices ... Fade up quickly
text: sunrise ... . The morning after the siege. The sky is
text: clear ... the rising sun is bright and warm... there is
text: dew on the high grass of a meadow.
text: Men with dogs and guns reworking their way up form the
text: woods that surround the meadow. We do not see the posse at
text: first, we merely hear their sounds ... shouts ... muffled
text: talk ... panting and straining of dogs against leashes
text: Sheriff McClelland’s posse. A few men, some with German
text: Shepherds on leashes, finally come up out of the woods and
text: onto the edge of the sunlit, dewy meadow. The wet grass
text: has dampened the boots and trouser-legs of the men.
text: McClelland is perhaps the third man up from the surrounding
text: thicket. He is a heavy man, mustached, breathing hard
dialog: because of his weight and the difficult job of leading the
text: posse through the night. He is armed with shotgun and
text: pistol, and a belt of ammunition strung over his shoulder.
text: He pauses, looks back into the woods, and mops perspiration
text: from his brow with a balled-up dirty handkerchief
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
text: (Shouting back at the men
text: still working their way
dialog: toward the clearing)
dialog: Come on ... let’s step lively
dialog: now ... never can tell what we'll
dialog: run into up here
text: He accosts a man just climbing out of the woods. The man
text: wears an improvised sweat-band, carries a rifle and side-
text: arm, and has a walkie-talkie strapped on his back.
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: You keeping in touch with the
dialog: squad-cars, George?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (Breathing hard, adjusting
text: the straps and burden across
dialog: his back)
dialog: Yeah ... they know where we are.
dialog: They should be intercepting us at
dialog: the house
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: Good ... these men is dog-
dialog: tired ... they can use some rest
dialog: and hot coffee ... (He looks
text: back, to the men moving up from
dialog: behind. He shouts) Let’s push
dialog: along, now ... the squad cars’1ll
dialog: be waiting with coffee and
text: sandwiches at the house
dialog: 83.
dialog: 84.
text: The men push on across the field ... Inside the house,
text: Ben and Barbara have been dozing on chairs in the
text: basement. Ben wakes abruptly, thinking he has heard
text: something, but he isn’t sure ... . He sits up and listens
text: more closely ... from far off, there is the sound of a
text: dog. Ben listens for a long time, but hears nothing
dialog: more
text: Outside, the meadow has become the apron of a cemetery, the
text: one Barbara and John had come to with the flowers for their
text: father. The posse is advancing, threading its way among
text: the grave-markers. A man finds John’s skeletal remains near
text: the spot where he had fallen. Down a dirt road, and up a
text: short grade, is Barbara’s car, with the smashed window.
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: Looks like this guy’s car
dialog: poor fellow ... never hada
dialog: chance
text: The men pass through the cemetery, and over the wall, where
text: several squad cars are waiting on the road. There are also
text: one or two motorcycle patrolmen. One of the men dismounts
text: and hails McClelland.
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: Hi, Connie ... how’s things
dialog: goin’?
text: McClelland advances and shakes hands, stops awhile, mops
text: his brow again. The men begin to catch up and regroup.
text: The posse fills the bend in the narrow road.
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: Sure glad to see you fellas,
dialog: Charlie ... we been at it all
dialog: night ... but I don’t want to
dialog: break ‘til we get to the house
dialog: over there ... We might be
dialog: lollygaggin’ around whole somebody
dialog: needs our help. we’ll see first,
dialog: then stop and get some
dialog: coffee wee
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: Anything you say,
dialog: Connie sees
dialog: 85.
text: Inside the house, Ben has sneaked up to the top of the
text: cellar stairs. He listens there, very intently, not
text: wanting to open the door because creatures may still be in
text: the house. This time, for sure he hears gunshots ... and
text: mumbled sound of what must be the voices of approaching
text: men. There is even what sounds like a car engine ... Ben
text: bolts excitedly down the stairs.
text: Ben wakes the girl.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Barbara ... Barb... here,
dialog: honey ... there’s men
dialog: outside ... I can hear them
dialog: they must be here to rescue
dialog: us ...
text: Outside, we see the cause of the gunshots. The posse is
text: flushing out ghouls from the pump-house and surrounding
text: area. The squad cars have driven up. The posse is
text: advancing across the lawn, guardedly, toward the partially-
text: destroyed old farmhouse. The men crouch and sneak up
text: slowly, keeping their eyes fastened on the house.... A loud
text: sudden noise stops them ... they watch, stopped in their
dialog: tracks.
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: Shoot for the eyes boys ... like
dialog: I told you before ... always aim
dialog: right for the eyes ee ee
text: Inside, ready to shoot or swing, Ben has slammed open the
text: cellar door. The force of his shoulder against the door
dialog: has carried him into the living-room ... . Nothing
text: Only the ramshackle and destruction form the recent siege.
text: He edges his way through the twisted wreckage and
text: overturned furniture toward the front door. There is no
text: light in the place. His hand finds what is left of the
text: curtain. He pulls it back and starts to peer out ...
text: but ... a shot right out ... . Ben reels, driven back
text: a circle of blood on his forehead, right between his
dialog: eyes
text: Barbara’s scream is heard, from downstairs
text: simultaneously, McClelland shouts, his face flushed with
dialog: anger
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: Damn it, what’d you shoot for? I
dialog: told you to be careful ... there
dialog: might be people in there :
dialog: 86.
dialog: MAN WHO FIRED THE SHOT
dialog: Naw, this place is demolished,
dialog: there ain’t nobody in there
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: I’m sure I heard a girl’s
dialog: scream ... from the basement,
dialog: maybe
text: Several men have advanced to kick in the front door. They
text: step back and peer cautiously inside. Their faces search
text: the room... A patch of sunlight from the opened door
text: falls partially on Ben. He is dead. The men look down at
text: him, but step past him toward the cellar. They do not know
text: he was a man. From the cellar, they hear muffled sobs.
text: McClelland enters and begins to inch his way down the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: Anybody down there?
dialog: (He shouts)
text: He draws his pistol, inches his way down the stairs. At
text: the bottom, he confronts Barbara, sitting wide-eyed ina
text: chair. McClelland raised his pistol, aims it for her
text: head ... but something stops him... a tear in her
dialog: 
text: eye he lowers the weapon
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: It’s all right men ... come on
dialog: down ... it’s just a girl down
dialog: here!
text: He goes to Barbara, bends over her, looks at her, begins to
dialog: help her up
text: Closing scene, with titles and credits. Burning of bodies
text: in the yard of the old house. Perhaps the burning of the
text: house itself. In the background, against scene of
text: McClelland draping his jacket around Barbara and bringing
text: coffee to her lips, we see Ben’s body on a stretcher,
text: carried by two men ... they lift it into the rear of a
dialog: station-wagon
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: It’s too bad ... an accident
dialog: the only loss we had, the whole
dialog: night.
dialog: Titles and Credits
scene_heading: (http://home.comcast.net/~axlish/NOTLD68scriptframes.htm)
dialog: 
