text: 
speaker_heading: NINJA ASSASSIN
dialog: Written by
scene_heading: Matthew Sand &amp; J. Michael Straczynski
speaker_heading: REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08
text: FADE IN:
text: CLOSE ON a Horimono Tattoo as it is being drawn into
text: flesh. The ink is needled into the surface of the skin,
text: raw and bloody, the needled brush tapped with the
dialog: precision of ritual.
text: The tattoo is in the style of a Kuniyoshi print: Miyamoto
text: Musashi thrusting his spear into the writhing dragon.
text: The image has beauty but retains the violence required to
dialog: saturate flesh with art.
text: The skin canvas shifts uncomfortably with the needle-
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: Fuck! Fucking-shit-fuck-fucking-
dialog: fuck!
text: PULL BACK to reveal that we're in...
scene_heading: 1 INT. TATTOO PARLOR - NIGHT 1
text: A place of designer furniture, beautiful girls carrying
text: towels, tea and cigarettes. Dozens of Yakuza look on as
text: the process continues, sleeves rolled up or shirts off to
text: expose the lavish tattoos that cover their torsos.
dialog: HOLLYWOOD, the young Yakuza member, is getting his first
text: tattoo, a relatively small one on his back.
text: He grabs a bottle of sake and suckles it like a baby.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: Watch it, old man!
text: The old tattoo artist continues tapping his brush. Maybe
dialog: a little harder.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: What the fuck? You're doing it
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: TATTOO ARTIST
dialog: The needle is doing what the
dialog: needle does.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 2.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: 1
speaker_heading: TATTOO MASTER
dialog: The irezumi does not hide the
text: skin, the tattoo reveals the
dialog: nature of the man and illuminates
dialog: the four noble professions in the
dialog: Book of Five Rings: the Warrior,
dialog: the Artist, the Merchant, and the
dialog: farmer. If there is a conflict
dialog: between the needle and the skin,
dialog: between the mark and the man, then
dialog: perhaps the path you have chosen
dialog: is not the path for which you are
dialog: suited.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: What did you just say, old man?
text: Hollywood whips his gun out and jams it under the old
text: man's jaw.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you didn't just disrespect
dialog: me, did you? You that fucking
dialog: stupid? You disrespect me, and
dialog: I'll tattoo this ceiling with your
dialog: fucking brains!
text: The old man speaks with a kind of deference honed through
dialog: years of service to men like Hollywood.
speaker_heading: TATTOO MASTER
dialog: No disrespect.
text: Hollywood smiles.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: You're lucky. I can't kill you
dialog: 'til you finish this thing. Gimme
dialog: that mirror! How's it looking?
text: Goons and girls all cluck their tongues in chorus.
text: Hollywood peers at the new tat through the mirror. He
text: whistles approval as Yakuza One enters carrying an
dialog: origami envelope.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Not bad. Not bad. For an old fuck.
speaker_heading: YAKUZA ONE
dialog: Hey, boss. This just came for you.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: What is it?
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 3.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: (2) 1
speaker_heading: YAKUZA ONE
text: A letter.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: So open it, dumb ass.
text: He opens the origami envelope, then hesitates at what he
text: sees.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: What? What is it?
text: He pours the contents out into his hand.
speaker_heading: YAKUZA ONE
text: Looks like sand.
text: He tastes it.
speaker_heading: YAKUZA ONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yup. Sand. Black Sand.
text: The tattoo master drops his brush. It clatters to the
text: floor.
speaker_heading: TATTOO MASTER
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: You know what this is?
text: The artist barely nods.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Wanna let us in on the joke?
speaker_heading: TATTOO MASTER
dialog: Years ago, I watched a man open an
dialog: envelope like that one.
text: His eyes pool with fury at the memory.
speaker_heading: TATTOO MASTER (CONT'D)
dialog: There were many with him and they
dialog: laughed like you laugh now. Then
dialog: it came from the shadows and their
text: laughter was drowned in blood.
dialog: You cannot bargain with what is
dialog: coming. You cannot reason with it.
dialog: Because it is not a human being.
dialog: It is a demon sent straight from
dialog: hell that will never stop until
dialog: you are dead.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 4.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: (3) 1
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: What came out of the shadows?
speaker_heading: TATTOO MASTER
dialog: I cannot say the word.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: What word?
text: He pulls open his robe, revealing a hauntingly beautiful
text: tattoo of a Shinobi demon thrusting its blade into a lump
text: of scar tissue at the center of his heart.
speaker_heading: TATTOO ARTIST
dialog: That night, one of their blades
dialog: struck here. I should have died,
dialog: but for an accident of birth. My
dialog: heart is here, on the other side.
text: Hollywood peers closer at the dark figure of the demon.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: What the fuck is that?
speaker_heading: YAKUZA ONE
dialog: Looks like a Ninja, boss.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: A ninja? Are you kidding me?
dialog: That's the word you're afraid to
dialog: say? Ninja?
text: As he starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Ninja-Ninja-Ninja!
text: His laughter is infectious.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: You old fuck! You had me going!
dialog: Ninja. That's some good shit.
text: His Lieutenant laughs hard with him until the top of his
text: head disappears, sliced off from his jaw up, leaving his
text: tongue wagging in space.
text: Lights shatter around the room.
text: Chaos ensues. The panicked screams of the fleeing
text: entourage co-mingle in chorus with gruesome death rattles
text: of Hollywood's foot soldiers as one by one, they are
dialog: eviscerated.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 5.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: (4) 1
text: There's a RUSH of movement, more felt than seen. The
text: whistle of swords through the air. Cries and screams.
text: Guns that fire suddenly and are just as suddenly stilled.
text: STAY on the face of the Tattoo Master, barely visible in
text: the thin trace of moonlight from a nearby window.
text: Frozen. Immobile. As the killing continues around him.
text: Then: silence, broken by the sound of heavy, desperate
text: BREATHING, and a MATCH being struck by Hollywood who
text: looks up --
text: -- and sees a dark figures standing before him. Everyone
text: else is dead. Only he and the Tattoo Master remain. The
text: figure regards him with still silence. For perhaps the
text: first time in his life, Hollywood is terrified.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen... you don't have to do
dialog: this! Whatever you're getting
dialog: paid, I'll triple it! You hear me!
dialog: I'll pay you whatever you want!
dialog: Just name your price!
text: Their answer is silence. Hollywood sees his guns nearby.
text: With a desperate scream, he THROWS the match in the air
text: as he DIVES for his guns, grabbing one in each hand.
text: There is a whistle of metal and suddenly his severed
text: hands are tumbling gracefully through the air.
text: The blade swings again, slicing through his body as if it
text: were barely there, coming out the other side as --
text: -- Hollywood's body erupts as it falls in two pieces,
text: splattering the artist with blood.
text: The match touches the floor and goes out.
text: The Tattoo Master does not move, has not moved. Frozen.
speaker_heading: TATTOO ARTIST
dialog: But you are real, aren't you?
text: After a moment, the ninja emerges into the moonlight, the
text: way a shadow coalesces into a panther gliding from the
text: dark to inspect its kill.
text: The artist doesn't move, but his eyes widen, his heart
text: pounding in his ears.
speaker_heading: TATTOO ARTIST (CONT'D)
dialog: For fifty-seven-years, I've told
dialog: your story...
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 6.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: (5) 1
speaker_heading: TATTOO ARTIST (CONT'D)
dialog: No one ever believed
dialog: me.
text: The ninja walks towards him, his steps soundless. He
text: crouches down, his eyes taking in the old man's tattoo.
speaker_heading: TATTOO ARTIST (CONT'D)
dialog: But you are real, aren't you?
text: There's the shing of a sword being unsheathed. The
text: artist closes his eyes, anticipating death.
text: Silence. He waits for the death blow. It does not come.
text: He finally forces himself to open his eyes.
text: The ninja is gone, having departed as silently as he
text: came, leaving death and blood in his wake.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 2 INT. ISTANBUL SUPERMARKET AISLE - DAY 2
text: A roll of toilet paper drops into a cart. PULL BACK to
text: REVEAL RAIZO, 20s, slim and sinewy, his expression
text: distant, almost haunted. He considers the toothpaste
text: options for a moment, then drops in one of those too.
text: Moves on to food.
text: Turkish Muzak plays in the background, a Beatles song,
dialog: "Helter Skelter" by way of Turkish musicians. Other
text: SHOPPERS cruise past in their own private quests.
text: Raizo gets quick, easy bachelor food: six eggs, a single
text: stick of butter, several handfuls of noodle packages.
scene_heading: 3 INT. ISTANBUL SUPERMARKET - CHECK-OUT - MOMENTS LATER 3
text: Raizo waits while the CHECKER - a pretty young woman -
text: tallies up his groceries.
speaker_heading: CHECKER
dialog: That's a lot of noodles.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you a student? Tourist? Here
dialog: on business?
text: Raizo shakes his head to all three.
speaker_heading: CHECKER (CONT'D)
dialog: When was the last time someone
dialog: cooked you a real meal?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I get off at seven.
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 7.
dialog: 3 CONTINUED: 3
speaker_heading: CHECKER (CONT'D)
dialog: You could come by, let me make you
dialog: a proper dinner!
text: She winks at him. Very cute.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: I don't think so. Sorry.
text: No smile. No emotion in Raizo's face. He pays in cash.
text: He picks up the bag and starts away when --
speaker_heading: CHECKER
dialog: So if you're not a student, and
dialog: you're not a tourist, and you're
dialog: not here to work... what are you
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Waiting.
speaker_heading: CHECKER
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: For the wheel to turn.
text: And he exits.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. ISTANBUL, STREET - DAY 4
dialog: Ancient gateway between Asia and Europe. Minarets thrust
text: up from the tangled streets into the bright Aegean sky.
text: The street is crowded with bicycles, cars and motorcycles
text: as Raizo makes his way down a narrow sidewalk.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (V.O.)
dialog: Wherever you are, wherever you may
dialog: go....
scene_heading: 5 FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE OZUNU HOUSE - NIGHT 5
text: We're in a heavily shadowed room, lit with flickering
text: candles as an older man, OZUNU -- hard-edged and
text: unforgiving -- talks to his clan.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: ...you must never, ever forget who
dialog: you are, how you came to be. You
dialog: are Ozunu. You are a part of me
dialog: as I am a part of you.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 8.
text: 5 CONTINUED: 5
text: Beside him is a ten-year-old boy. His expression has the
text: weight of stone.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the truth of your lives
dialog: and it will remain true after
dialog: death.
text: He pushes the boy forward.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: This is my new son. I have given
dialog: him the name Raizo. Welcome him
dialog: as your brother.
text: The clan mummers "welcome Raizo", bowing their heads.
text: One head remains upright, looking him in the eye. A girl
text: roughly his own age. Her name is Kiriko.
scene_heading: 5A INT. EUROPOL OFFICE - DAY 5A *
text: MIKA CORETTI, 30's, high-energy, a force of nature in *
text: human form. She enters EUROPOL AGENT RYAN MASLOW's *
text: office carrying an armful of reports. *
speaker_heading: MASLOW *
dialog: What's all this for the Delgata *
dialog: case? *
speaker_heading: MIKA *
dialog: No. This is Delgata- *
text: Sets her pile down and she hands him one folder from the *
dialog: ton. *
speaker_heading: MASLOW *
dialog: And the rest? *
speaker_heading: MIKA *
dialog: ...evidence. *
speaker_heading: MASLOW *
dialog: For? *
text: Her eyes tell him. *
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D) *
dialog: Oh no. Not again. *
speaker_heading: MIKA *
dialog: You said you'd take it serious *
dialog: when I had serious evidence. *
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 8A.
text: 5A CONTINUED: 5A
speaker_heading: MASLOW *
dialog: Does that evidence include photos *
dialog: of the Loch Ness monster as well? *
text: He chuckles. She's not laughing. *
speaker_heading: MIKA *
dialog: You've trusted my research before, *
dialog: what's the problem now Ryan? *
speaker_heading: MASLOW *
dialog: What's the problem? Come on Mika, *
dialog: it's like one of those questions *
dialog: on an IQ test, which of these *
dialog: doesn't belong; laptops, space *
dialog: shuttles, nanotechnology, ninjas. *
speaker_heading: MIKA *
dialog: All I'm asking for is an hour. *
dialog: That's all. Give me an hour and *
dialog: if you still think I'm chasing *
dialog: UFO's, I'll walk out and you'll *
dialog: never hear another thing about *
dialog: them. *
text: He eyes her. *
speaker_heading: MASLOW *
dialog: Why do I think I'm going to regret *
dialog: this? *
scene_heading: 6 INT. ISTANBUL APARTMENT BUILDING - HALL 6
text: ON A DOOR LOCK as he inserts his key and HEARS:
speaker_heading: LANDLADY (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, Mr. Nan, good, you're back.
text: Raizo turns to his LANDLADY, an older woman who looks up
text: at him from the top of the stairwell.
speaker_heading: LANDLADY (CONT'D)
dialog: We had a heating problem, and I
dialog: had to go into your apartment.
text: Raizo nods, his expression not betraying the sudden
text: tightness in his chest at this information.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Is everything all right?
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 8B.
text: 6 CONTINUED: 6
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: Yes, fine, it's all fixed. You
dialog: keep it very dark and spare in
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Ms. Ali, my privacy is very
dialog: important to me. If you enter my
dialog: apartment again without my
dialog: permission, I will leave your
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: I just --
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 9.
dialog: 6 CONTINUED: (2) 6
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Good day.
text: He closes the door behind him.
scene_heading: 7 INT. ISTANBUL RAIZO'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 7
text: He stands on the other side of the door, surveying the
text: room for a moment with severe, unforgiving eyes. The
text: place is monastic, nothing decorative, or comfortable.
text: Then, in a quick series of cuts, he checks all of the
dialog: secret places he hides things.
text: A drawer is flipped over and a hidden bottom opens
text: revealing weapons. A panel in the oven reveals his chain
text: and blade. A hidden compartment in his suitcase exposes
text: inky folds of fabric. He sifts through them as we hear-
speaker_heading: OZUNU (V.O.)
dialog: You should have died.
scene_heading: 8 FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE DOJO - DAY 8
text: Raizo, breathing hard, stands over another young boy that
text: he has just defeated in a fight. Both are sweaty, dirty,
text: scarred. The other children are lined up in perfect
text: rows, watching silently. Most are boys, but a few are
text: girls. One of them is KIRIKO, lithe and supple, a
text: child's eyes haunted by an adult's sorrows and knowledge.
text: Ozunu circles Raizo as he regards his fallen opponent.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: On the street. Abandoned by your
dialog: parents. Without a home. Without
dialog: people to care for you. You
dialog: should have done as most children
dialog: do, and gone quietly from this
dialog: world, to the next.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But, instead you fought. As you
dialog: did here today. You fought. And
dialog: you won.
text: As we TRACK with Ozunu, we see that Raizo's body is
text: covered in scars.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Scars are the calligraphy of
dialog: violence, Raizo. They inscribe
dialog: the story of one's life.
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 10.
dialog: 8 CONTINUED: 8
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: You survived because you are
dialog: different. You are special. That
dialog: is why you are here. That is why
dialog: the Great Current, which flows
dialog: beneath all life, carried you to
dialog: me.
text: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 9 EXT. BERLIN - DAY 9
text: Mid-day traffic, tourists strolling down wide avenues
text: past war monuments and street art.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. EUROPOL - DAY 10
text: Just long enough to ESTABLISH UNDER:
speaker_heading: MIKA (V.O.)
text: It's a pattern, like the currents
dialog: of the ocean.
scene_heading: 11 INT. EUROPOL OFFICE - HALLWAY - DAY 11
text: Close on a mound of bank records; rivers of numbers
text: cascading neatly down perforated spread sheets. *
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Some people see money as the root
dialog: of all evil, but to me it looks
dialog: like a fingerprint. Whether we're
dialog: talking about 19th century Korea,
dialog: or 21st century Iraq, the game is
dialog: the same. If you want to
dialog: understand why certain things are
dialog: happening, you have to understand
dialog: the flow of money.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: You're excited, Mika. You know I
dialog: get nervous when you're excited.
text: He would never admit it, but he enjoys watching her work,
text: almost as much as he likes poking her about it.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: You remember the Eulmi incident? *
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 11.
speaker_heading: 11 CONTINUED: 11
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Korean queen, late eighteen- *
dialog: hundred's. According to you, she
dialog: was off'd by one of these ninja
dialog: clans.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Ozunu. I think. I've been going
dialog: through some of the original
dialog: transcripts of the trial of
dialog: Kunitomo Shigeaki. The prosecutor
dialog: questioned him about a payment of
dialog: 100 pounds of gold. Shigeaki
dialog: answered that he didn't know what
dialog: the prosecutor was talking about.
dialog: The question was never brought up
dialog: again. But what pinged for me was
dialog: the amount- the exact same amount
dialog: rumored to be paid to the Hattori
dialog: Clan for the assassination of Lord
dialog: Sanda.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: So you start to wonder, in this
dialog: ever changing world, if the cost
dialog: of a man's life has remained
dialog: constant.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Exactly. I figure these clans are
dialog: like a thousand years old. They
dialog: probably don't change a lot.
text: She begins flipping through huge reams of bank records.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: I started looking at international
dialog: wire transfers, targeting banks in
dialog: the regions of several high-
dialog: profile assassinations and bingo-
text: The proverbial needle in a haystack; a single wire
text: transfer circled in red.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Minister Zhang. The day before
dialog: the assassination $1,555,999.90
dialog: was transferred from the bank of
dialog: Shanghai. The exact market value
dialog: of one hundred pounds of gold.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Highly circumstantial. *
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 12.
speaker_heading: 11 CONTINUED: (2) 11
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I thought you might say that so I
dialog: checked how often this particular
dialog: bank transferred that market
dialog: equivalent to a hundred pounds of
dialog: gold in the last three years.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Let me guess.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Not once.
text: He sifts through the report. *
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Okay you got me. This is *
dialog: interesting. *
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: The clans are real, Ryan. They *
dialog: steal children and turn them into *
dialog: assassins. They've been doing it *
dialog: for years and nobody's doing a *
dialog: damn thing to stop them. *
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Look, no one's denying the
dialog: historical record, Mika. But the
dialog: whole idea just doesn't fit in
dialog: with a modern world. It's like
dialog: one of those questions on an IQ
dialog: test: which of these doesn't
dialog: belong in this sentence: laptops,
dialog: space shuttles, nanotechnology,
dialog: ninjas.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: They're real Ryan. You can call
dialog: them spooks, or assassins, or
dialog: whatever you want if it makes you
dialog: feel better, but they're out
dialog: there. They're killing people and
dialog: nobody is doing a damn thing to
dialog: stop them.
text: CUT TO:
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 13.
scene_heading: 12 INT. ISTANBUL LAUNDROMAT - NIGHT 12
text: Close on tokens being rammed down the mechanical throat
text: of a washing machine. Overhead, the fluorescent lights
text: STROBE unevenly, the fixtures old and in need of new
dialog: bulbs.
text: Raizo steps back as the washer begins to cycle loudly, a
text: wheezbox instrument that rattles, gurgles and groans.
text: As he looks at the machine we hear:
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: Our enemies are everywhere.
scene_heading: 12A FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE - DAY 12A
text: Ozunu strides among his children who are bathing,
text: scrubbing themselves with evergreens.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: You must move without trace or *
text: footprint.
text: Young Raizo pours water through evergreens onto clothes
text: he is scrubbing.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: You must become shadow; Your scent *
dialog: nothing but wind through trees. *
text: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 12B INT. ISTANBUL LAUNDROMAT - NIGHT 12B
text: A pretty young Japanese woman, the only other customer,
text: calls to Raizo as she stands beside one of the dryers.
speaker_heading: PRETTY WOMAN
dialog: Hi... excuse me...?
dialog: (catches his eye)
dialog: Would you mind?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: ...sorry?
text: She hands him one end of a freshly dried sheet.
speaker_heading: PRETTY WOMAN
dialog: If it's not too much trouble,
dialog: could you help me with this?
text: He smiles and nods.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 13A.
text: 12B CONTINUED: 12B
text: They begin to fold, corner to corner, end to end.
text: Silently. The fluorescent strobing above them.
text: We sense a strange tension between them as we realize
text: they are alone in the midnight cleaners. He looks at
text: her. She smiles. The uneven strobing on either side of
text: the Laundromat casts uneven shadows on her face... almost
text: as though she had two faces. One light, one shadow. We
text: EXTEND the silence for a long BEAT until he looks down at
text: the sheet and says:
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: What clan are you from?
text: She glances up sharply.
speaker_heading: PRETTY WOMAN
dialog: I... don't understand...
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: You came alone. The Ozunu clan
dialog: would never make such a mistake.
text: Her eyes REACT as suddenly a blade flashes from beneath
text: the sheet, reaching for Raizo's throat.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 14.
speaker_heading: 12B CONTINUED: (2) 12B
text: He catches the blade in the sheet, twisting it in her
text: grip. She fights for control.
text: A fury of slashes and the sheet is shredded.
scene_heading: 13 INT. ISTANBUL LAUNDROMAT OFFICE - NIGHT. 13
text: The night manager is half-asleep, watching a Korean soap
text: on Empress Min. When he hears a series of crashes, he
text: gets up.
scene_heading: 14 INT. ISTANBUL LAUNDROMAT - NIGHT 14
text: He throws open the office door, wielding a fire iron.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: What is going on-
text: The space is empty, glowing with fluorescent glare.
text: One machine is thumping loudly. He crosses to it.
text: As he nears it, bloody water begins bubbling up, flowing
text: over the top.
scene_heading: 15 EXT. CURRY-WURST STAND BERLIN - DAY 15
text: Ketchup splatters the chopped meat.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: And two cokes, please.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: How long have you been here? And
dialog: you can't say "zwei cola bitte"?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Course I can, but you tend to hear
dialog: more interesting things if people
dialog: don't know you can understand what
dialog: they're saying.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Do you ever stop being a cop?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Not the way I was raised. My dad
dialog: always said, being a cop has
dialog: nothing to do with a clock. It's
dialog: a consequence of consciousness
dialog: often interpreted as desire.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 15.
scene_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Desire?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: For justice. And doughnuts.
text: He smiles as they move to one of the circular tables.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: So you got something else?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I think so. Same template as
dialog: before. The transfer was made the
dialog: day before a multiple homicide in
dialog: Osaka. The police and newspapers
dialog: are calling it a gangland slaying.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: How do you know what the police
dialog: report says? You're not still
dialog: requisitioning evidence with my
dialog: clearance codes, are you?
text: She shakes her head. Lying. Quickly sipping her coke.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What about the bank audit?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Denied. It was a long shot at
dialog: best.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: But you said you found something.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: A report. A friend of mine in
dialog: Moscow, tipped me to it.
text: He slips an envelope from his briefcase and gives it to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: It was written during the height
dialog: of the Cold War by a high ranking
dialog: KGB agent named Aleksei Sabatin.
text: In it, he raises the possibility
dialog: that several political
dialog: assassinations were conducted by
dialog: an ancient but very sophisticated
dialog: network he calls the Nine Clans.
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 16.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: (2) 15
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Mind you, he doesn't call them
dialog: ninjas.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What happened to him?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Same thing that's going to happen
dialog: to me, if I keep hanging around
dialog: with you- booted out of the
dialog: service for mental instability.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Is he still alive? We need to
dialog: find him.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Working on it.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: You believe it now, don't you?
text: He scoffs.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Ninjas? Are you kidding?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Then why are you doing this?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: No idea-
text: He finishes his soda and takes his garbage to the can.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: But I can guarantee you that it
dialog: has nothing to do with the fact
dialog: that you're the most attractive
dialog: researcher that I've ever worked
dialog: with.
text: He smiles and turns before she flushes a bright shade of
text: red.
scene_heading: 16 INT. ISTANBUL RAIZO'S APARTMENT - DAY 16
text: A teapot begins to sing.
text: Raizo pours the boiling water into a plastic bowl of
text: noodles. He covers the bowl and waits a moment for the
dialog: soup to cook.
text: As he stares, we hear.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 17.
text: 16 CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: OZUNU (V.O.)
dialog: The body must obey the will. *
scene_heading: 17 FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE KITCHEN/DINING ROOM - DAY 17
text: Several of the younger members of the clan are sitting at
text: the table, about to eat.
text: Ozunu stands before them. He removes a small blade from
text: inside his robe. Places the blade against his palm.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: Hunger and thirst, your bowels and *
dialog: breath, even the blood in your *
dialog: veins, are the body's weaknesses. *
text: The knife slices down along his palm, opening a split;
text: the flesh parts, yet no blood flows.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Master them, and you master the
dialog: self.
text: He closes his fist.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the power of the Ozunu
dialog: clan.
text: He concentrates, squeezing his hand tightly until he
text: opens it revealing that the wound has closed.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the way of the ninja.
text: The children look at each other, except for Raizo who
text: stares at Ozunu.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Eat tonight and you work twice as *
dialog: hard tomorrow.
text: Ozunu leaves.
text: The children look at the soup, their mouths watering.
text: All around, the older Ozunu clan members eat noisily.
text: One of the children can't resist any longer and begins
text: scooping up the noodles. In short order, others do the
dialog: same.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 18.
text: 17 CONTINUED: 17
text: All except for Raizo, who sets down his chopsticks.
text: Willing himself not to be hungry.
text: 17A BACK TO SCENE 17A
text: The grown Raizo looks at his soup. We cannot tell if he
dialog: is going to eat or not.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: The world feeds on the weak.
scene_heading: 18 FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE OZUNU HOUSE - NIGHTINGALE 18
scene_heading: FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Young Raizo stands in the central chamber of the
text: compound. The floor beneath his bare feet is made of
text: thousands of carefully mitred pieces of gleaming wood
text: laid down in an intricate pattern. They are not,
text: however, glued down to the floor. The slightest wrong
dialog: move will make them shift noisily.
text: This is our first look at the Nightingale Floor.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: Suffering exists only because *
dialog: weakness exists.
text: Ozunu watches from the far side of the room as Raizo
text: takes his first step. Carefully. Graceful as any
dialog: dancer.
text: He makes no sound.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: You must hate all weakness. Hate *
dialog: it in others, but most of hate it *
dialog: in yourself.
text: He takes another step, and another. Each soft as a
dialog: falling feather.
text: He is a third of the way across the floor - his body
text: gleaming with sweat - when he steps wrong and the floor
text: sings beneath him.
text: Raizo stops, a flash of panic in his eyes. Then he
text: subdues the emotion and obediently lifts the offending
text: foot, holds it out as Ozunu rises and approaches.
text: Ozunu lays open Raizo's foot with a bamboo rod. Slashing
text: blows that leave deep cuts.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 18A.
text: 18 CONTINUED: 18
text: Raizo's expression hardly changes. Ozunu returns to his
text: place, and Raizo starts walking again, making no noise,
dialog: and leaving no trace of his passage...
text: ...except for a trail of small, bloody footprints.
scene_heading: 19 FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE DORMITORY - NIGHT 19
dialog: The same evening. Most of the children in this place
text: sleep on mats in the same room. They are exhausted,
text: silent, motionless.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 19.
text: 19 CONTINUED: 19
text: We FIND Raizo and though he makes no sound, his eyes show
text: silent tears of pain, his feet still bleeding and
dialog: bruised.
text: Kiriko looks on from her mat for a long, silent BEAT,
text: knowing the agony he is in. Then, as if coming to an
text: inner decision, she reaches under her mat for a leaf into
text: which a thick salve has been folded. She crosses the few
text: feet to Raizo's mat and, as he watches in silent agony,
text: she puts her finger to her lips, then kneels down --
text: -- and begins applying the salve to his feet. Within
text: moments, we can see the pain leaving his eyes. Finishing
text: quickly, she folds the remaining salve back into the
text: leaf, exchanges a quick, furtive glance with Raizo, then
text: heads back for her mat.
text: He lays there for a BEAT, confused as to whether his
text: diminishing pain is a good thing. Then he turns to look
text: at Kiriko, but she lays with her back to him, apparently
dialog: asleep.
text: He regards her silently for a moment, then rolls over
text: himself to sleep as we come around to --
text: -- the other side of Kiriko, and see that she is very
text: much awake, almost smiling. She closes her eyes.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 20 INT. MIKA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 20
text: The apartment is dark as Mika ENTERS and turns on the
text: lights. She looks the place over, then goes room to
text: room, turning on every light in the place. The practiced
text: way she does it makes it clear she does this every night.
text: Satisfied she's alone, she goes into the bedroom to
dialog: change.
scene_heading: 21 INT. MIKA'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER 21
text: Mika is curled up in a chair and with KGB report.
text: She turns a page and sees a photocopied drawing of a very
text: intricate floor that we now recognize as the Nightingale
text: Floor. She reads the caption beneath it.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 20.
text: 21 CONTINUED: 21
speaker_heading: SABATIN (V.O.)
dialog: (Russian accent)
dialog: Historical evidence suggests that
dialog: Ibn-Battuta's journey through the
dialog: far east brought him into contact
dialog: with what might be one of the
dialog: oldest of the Nine Clans. He
dialog: travels with a group of orphans
dialog: that are being taken from a city
dialog: devastated by war to the Shido of
dialog: the Ozunu clan. The people of the
dialog: surrounding province refer to the
dialog: Shido as "The Orphanage."
scene_heading: 22 FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE DOJO 22
text: We see Battuta, the 14th century Muslim explorer sitting
text: among the original leaders of the Ozunu clan, watching
text: two children fight.
speaker_heading: SABATIN (V.O.)
dialog: Battuta describes a ceremonial
text: dinner followed by a display of
dialog: martial skill. The combatants
dialog: were children neither beyond the
dialog: age of ten.
text: Battuta masks his revulsion as the battle continues until
text: one child beats the other to death. Small fists gleam
text: with blood as one boy pummels the other.
speaker_heading: SABATIN (CONT'D)
dialog: His host explains that a man's
dialog: life must be made meaningless
dialog: compared to the life of the Clan.
dialog: Own the meaning of a man's life
dialog: and you own his heart.
text: 22A BACK TO SCENE 22A
text: Slowly the light in the bedroom hallway goes OUT.
text: She freezes, and the world seems to freeze with her. She
text: doesn't move, doesn't breathe.
text: She forces herself to sit slowly up, reaching under her
text: bed for a cricket bat. A car drives by outside. Could
dialog: be nothing. Could be everything.
text: Despite her fear, she edges toward the door. Slowly
text: peers around it. The darkened hall is empty.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 21.
scene_heading: 22A CONTINUED: 22A
text: There is a ticking sound, like someone tapping at a
text: window. Could be a tree in the wind. Could be something
dialog: else.
text: She moves slowly through her apartment. Every shadow
dialog: could conceal unseen eyes.
text: She comes to the end of the hall, where the overhead
text: light is out. She flicks the switch on and off.
text: Nothing. She reaches carefully toward the light bulb.
text: Taps it. The bulb rattles, it's just burned out. She
text: breathes a sigh of relief. Then she notices --
text: -- that the living room window is open, the blinds gently
text: swaying from the wind, tapping against the sash.
text: She closes it and locks it. Looks to her desk,
text: concerned. Did she leave the window open? Or is
text: something going on.
text: She goes to her desk, anxious, to check on something.
text: She opens a drawer, revealing a box of tampax. Pulls out
text: the tampax to reveal a key... a place no guy would think
dialog: to check.
text: She unlocks a drawer and takes out an unmarked DVD in a
text: slim plastic case. Relieved, she starts to put it
text: away...then stops. Is it the same DVD? She moves OS.
text: MOMENTS LATER... the TV is switched on, and an image
text: begins to play, revealing a time coded security camera,
text: recording an urban street corner in Japan. The tape is
text: riddled with digital noise and artifacting.
text: Then, slowly, the digital noise seems to coalesce, to
text: grow shapes. The shadows come to life.
text: Then with incredible speed two dark figures start
text: battling it out, their blades striking sparks that are
text: still descending after they've slipped back into the
text: shadows.
text: They emerge over and over, brief flashes of clarity like
text: the perfect arc of a calligrapher's brush describing the
text: wing of a bird. Fight. Retreat. Silence. Shadows.
dialog: Sparks.
text: Mika hits the pause button and moves closer to the
text: screen, examining the figures.
text: One of the figures is wearing a mask, but the face of the
text: other combatant is revealed, albeit somewhat obscured by
text: the dim light and digital noise.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 22.
speaker_heading: 22A CONTINUED: (2) 22A
text: As we PUSH IN, we see that it's Raizo. But she doesn't
dialog: know that name yet.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: ...who are you?
text: She stares at the fierce beauty of his face and touches
text: the screen gently.
scene_heading: 22Aa INT. ISTANBUL RAIZO'S APARTMENT - DAY 22Aa
text: CLOSE on a bed of nails; sixteen penny nails arranged in
text: perfect rows pointing up, the sharp tips catching the
text: light.
text: As we REVEAL Raizo his breathing is rhythmic and deep,
dialog: but this is really the first time we have heard him sound
text: like he is straining.
text: As we continue to WIDEN, we discover the reason for this:
text: he is doing handstand push-ups. On the nails. Over and
text: over, with little apparent effort.
text: The hard edges and lines of his body catch the light,
text: like the tips of the nails, as we HEAR:
speaker_heading: OZUNU (V.O.)
dialog: Strength is the only virtue that
dialog: nature respects.
scene_heading: 22Ab FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE - DAY 22Ab
text: Children are sharpening their weapons. Ozunu walks above
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: Hone your body. Sharpen your mind.
dialog: Become the weapon you will need to
dialog: survive.
text: Young Raizo looks up and sees young Kiriko looking at
text: him. She smiles. He looks back to his weapon.
scene_heading: 22B EXT. ISTANBUL - STREET - DAY 22B
text: Raizo walks down a street where repair work is being
dialog: done. To keep cars from falling into the hole, they've
text: covered the street with big steel plates. As the cars
text: and trucks pass over the plates, they make a bump-thump
text: sound. Bump-thump, bump-thump, bump-thump. We PUSH IN
dialog: on Raizo under that sound.
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 22A.
scene_heading: 23 FLASHBACK - EXT. ORPHANAGE BONSAI GARDEN - DAY 23
text: Kiriko is working in the bonsai garden. Raizo watches
text: her silently for a moment noticing that she is secretly
text: loosening the wires, letting the branches ease back into
text: their natural shape.
text: He whispers.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: You shouldn't do that. It's
dialog: against the rules. If they catch
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Then they catch me.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: They'll put you in the box.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Yes, they will.
text: She finishes releasing the branch.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO (CONT'D)
dialog: I believe the heart of the tree
dialog: knows which way it needs to grow.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Trees don't have hearts.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Everything has a heart.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 23.
text: 23 CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: I don't.
text: There's sadness and bitterness in his eyes. He's closing
dialog: off to the world, becoming what they want. She won't let
dialog: that happen.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Really? Let me see.
text: He hesitates, then approaches. Kneels down beside her.
text: She reaches toward him. He flinches...a sword he can
dialog: handle, but kindness has become something foreign...then
text: allows her to undo the top button of his shirt. She
text: presses her ear to his chest. Listens.
text: Then she gently whispers to it.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello....hello, you in there.
text: She listens again.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO (CONT'D)
dialog: It's saying hello back. And that
dialog: it's happy to meet me...but it
dialog: misses you.
text: Raizo smiles despite himself.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Liar.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Listen to mine, I'm not lying.
dialog: I'll prove it.
text: Again, he hesitates. Then he leans in, and listens to
text: her heart. Bump-thump. Bump-thump. She smiles.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 24.
speaker_heading: 23 CONTINUED: (2) 23
text: He looks up at her, his ear still to her chest. And for
text: the first time, his face softens. Bump-thump. Bump-
dialog: thump. Bump-thump.
text: 23A BACK TO SCENE 23A
text: In the present as the traffic bounces past Raizo. Bump-
dialog: thump. Bump-thump. Bump-thump.
text: His eyes saddening with memory, he continues on his way.
scene_heading: 24 INT. MIKA'S OFFICE - NIGHT 24
text: Mika is at her computer doing what she does best:
text: intuitively sifting through interconnected threads of
dialog: information.
text: Searching through what is known about Ibu-Battuta, she
dialog: discovers information concerning the lost chapters of the
dialog: "Rihla," supposedly destroyed sometime in the 15th
dialog: century.
text: She remains immersed until a sound grows louder and
text: louder.
text: A vacuum cleaner. She checks the time. Very late. She
text: looks up and finds two eyes watching her through the
text: crack in her open door.
text: Startled she gets up while the eyes quickly disappear.
text: In the hallway, an older Asian man is pushing the vacuum
dialog: cleaner.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Excuse me? Excuse me?
text: He shuts it off, turns to her.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Where's Jona?
text: He seems not to understand her.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Jona. The usual cleaner. Jona.
speaker_heading: ASIAN MAN
dialog: Ahh, Jona. Jona sick.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Oh. Well, tell him I hope he
dialog: feels better
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 25.
scene_heading: 24 CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: ASIAN MAN
dialog: Take care. You should take care.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: ...What?
speaker_heading: ASIAN MAN
dialog: Work so late. Not good for you.
text: She smiles sheepishly.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: True...Thanks.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. BERLIN STREET - NIGHT. 25
text: Mika walks down the empty street, the sound of her heels
text: slap against the stone buildings.
text: The shadows seem to stalk her.
text: She hears a faint sound like metal claws against glass.
text: She stops and listens trying to see into the dark.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: ...is someone there?
scene_heading: 26 INT. ISTANBUL RAIZO'S APARTMENT - DAY 26
text: Raizo is practicing his chain form.
text: We begin to hear the sounds of another fight.
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 26.
scene_heading: 27 FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE DOJO - NIGHT 27
text: Raizo, is fighting with TAKESHI, a few years older, in a
text: room lit by hundreds of hanging torches. Armed with
text: katanas, the boys duck, dodge and weave around the
text: burning obstacles as they fight.
text: They are both extremely agile, their bodies moving with
dialog: the impossible flexibility of youth.
text: Kiriko watches along with the other members of the clan.
dialog: If she feels anything as she watches the fight, we cannot
dialog: tell.
text: They perform a vicious series of combinations, then
text: Takeshi's sword cracks against Raizo's head, opening a
text: huge gash.
text: Raizo hits the ground hard, blood speckling the mats.
text: Takeshi backs away as Ozunu steps in.
text: As blood flows down the side of his face, Raizo looks
text: like the young boy that he is. Pain throbs from the
text: wound, and he begins to cry.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: Did Takeshi's blow hurt you? You *
dialog: think this is pain? You are *
dialog: mistaken. *
text: He gouges three fingers into the boy's stomach and twists
text: something inside of him.
text: Raizo screams.
text: His screams smear into uncontrollable sobbing.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: That is true pain. You must learn *
dialog: to live with it.
text: He steps back, leaving Raizo writhing in agony.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 27.
text: 27 CONTINUED: 27
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: This is your first test. Survive *
dialog: the night.
text: He signals to the rest of the clan and they all begin to
dialog: leave.
text: Kiriko is the last to turn away.
text: TIME CUT:
dialog: Later. Night.
text: Raizo is still where we left him, a twisted knot of pain,
text: his face stained with tears and crusted with snot.
text: He is trying to control his breath, at first without
text: success. Then slowly, finally, it begins to ease. His
text: hand, twisted into a kind of rigor mortis, slowly begins
text: to relax, opening like a lotus flower.
text: TIME CUT:
text: Dawn breaks over the wall, as Ozunu returns to the dojo
text: to find Raizo is sitting in a full lotus, completely
text: calm, the wound already beginning to heal.
text: Ozunu shows a hint of a smile.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Very good, Raizo. Very good.
speaker_heading: 28 OMITTED 28
scene_heading: 29 EXT. RIVERSIDE PARK - DAY 29
text: They are walking. Maslow is nervous.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 28.
speaker_heading: 29 CONTINUED: 29
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Last night I'm working late and I
dialog: get a visit. Guy named Zabranski.
dialog: Works upstairs for Internal
dialog: Affairs. Just drops by. In the
dialog: neighborhood- cup a sugar- how ya
dialog: doin- kinda thing. Asks what I'm
dialog: working on. Oh, this and that,
dialog: usual blibbity blab, I tell him.
text: Then he smiles and says-
scene_heading: 30 FLASHBACK - INT. MASLOW'S OFFICE - NIGHT 30
text: Zabranski is leaning against the door jam.
speaker_heading: ZABRANSKI
dialog: ...Very Good.
text: His faint smile reminds us of Ozunu.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. RIVERSIDE PARK - DAY 31
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I don't understand what is really
dialog: going on, but I'm smart enough to
dialog: recognize a warning when I see
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: But why?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Why? It's obvious. If your little
dialog: fantasy has even slightest chance
dialog: of being real, then these Nine
dialog: Clans would have some pretty major
dialog: juice protecting them.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: We are going to tip-toe, very
dialog: carefully from here on out. You
dialog: understand? You don't do anything
dialog: else without checking with me. Got
dialog: it?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Did you find Sabatin yet?
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 29.
scene_heading: 31 CONTINUED: 31
text: Maslow isn't sure he wants to answer her.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: You did.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Yeah...he's dead.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Heart attack.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: They killed him.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: People die of heart attacks, Mika.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Was he married? Did he have a
dialog: family?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: God, you are relentless, aren't
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I know you Ryan, you would have
dialog: checked.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: A wife.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Still in Russia?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Relocated.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Where?
text: He pulls a folded piece of paper from his jacket.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Explain something to me first.
dialog: Where is this obsession coming
dialog: from? What started this whole
dialog: thing?
dialog: She thinks.
text: FLASH CUT.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 30.
speaker_heading: 31 CONTINUED: (2) 31
text: We see Mika reaching out to touch Raizo's face.
text: CUT BACK.
text: She shrugs.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Like your father said...It's a
dialog: consequence of consciousness often
dialog: interpreted as desire.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Desire for what?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: For the truth.
text: He shakes his head, handing her the paper.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Potsdam. She's in Berlin.
text: Mika shoots off as Maslow calls-
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Mika! Tip-toe!
text: She takes several exaggerated tip-toe steps.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 32 INT. ISTANBUL RAIZO'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 32
text: A shuriken blade grinds against a whetstone as Raizo
text: sharpens the weapon with practiced grace...despite being
text: blindfolded.
text: Sunlight is held back by vertical blinds.
text: When he finishes, he stands, a Rodin sculpted out of
dialog: midnight.
text: We realize there are wooden blocks placed around the
dialog: room.
text: In his palm, a single shuriken abruptly fans into many
dialog: like a deck of cards.
text: Suddenly his arm whips around as the shurikens crack and
text: split the thick wooden targets.
text: He stands alone, still blindfolded.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 31.
dialog: 32 CONTINUED: 32
speaker_heading: OZUNU (V.O.)
dialog: These next five years will be the
dialog: most important of your training.
scene_heading: 33 FLASHBACK - INT/EXT. ORPHANAGE DOJO/VERANDA - NIGHT 33
text: One of the OLDER NINJAS is wrapping Raizo's eyes with a
text: sticky gauze, like the tape used to wrap horse's legs.
speaker_heading: MR. OZUNU
dialog: For an entire year, you shall live
dialog: without one of your senses,
dialog: beginning with the sense you rely
dialog: on the most: your sight.
scene_heading: 34 FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE DOJO - NIGHT 34
text: Takeshi's sword slides from one position to another as
text: Ozunu looks on.
text: Raizo, blindfolded, reacts to the sound, matching his
text: posture a fraction of a second later.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: A true Shinobi lives in darkness.
dialog: The night is his weapon. *
text: Takeshi attacks again. While Raizo eludes or blocks
text: several blows, for every two he manages to block, another
dialog: connects.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: You must see with more than your *
text: eyes. *
text: Raizo gets up, slowly releasing the tension in his jaw.
text: He takes his position again, and this time the stance is
text: easy, his expression softer. This time, as Takeshi comes
text: at him, everything becomes clear.
text: The whistle of the blade.
text: The zip of the leg sweep against the tatami mat.
text: The sound of his robe.
text: Combined with Takeshi's unmistakable body odor Raizo has
text: everything he needs to dodge, slip and counter.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 32.
text: 34 CONTINUED: 34
text: His chain strikes, wrapping an ankle, throwing a stunned
text: Takeshi to the wall.
text: Kiriko tries to hide her smile.
text: Ozunu nods in appreciation.
text: Raizo nods back, as if he can see without eyes.
scene_heading: 35 FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE DORMITORY - NIGHT 35
text: Young Raizo, still blindfolded is in bed. Trying to
text: sleep, but it's impossible. Takeshi's snoring doesn't
dialog: help.
text: He turns slightly towards Kiriko, as her chest rises and
text: falls, her breath as rhythmic as and gentle as the lap of
text: sea-water in a tidal pool. He begins to breathe in sync
text: with her, perhaps in hopes it will relax him.
text: Slowly, all the other sounds in the room go away, until
text: only her breathing, and his, remains. There is the
text: slight murmur of their hearts.
text: Then she opens her eyes...and smiles at him because he
text: cannot see her. But he hears her heart begin to beat
text: faster and that brings a faint smile to his lips.
text: They listen to each other's breathing growing heavier,
text: the sound of their hearts beating faster and faster.
text: Her lips part as she makes the tiniest movement...tilting
text: her pelvis up, rubbing her hips ever so slightly against
dialog: the blanket-
text: It's like tectonic plates shifting for Raizo.
text: Bump-thump, bump-thump, bump-thump their hearts growing
text: louder and louder as they become-
scene_heading: 36 EXT. POTSDAM - SABATIN HOME - DAY 36
text: Mika knocks. The cold war widow opens the door.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Mrs. Sabatin?
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN
speaker_heading: Ja.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I'm with Europol. We spoke on the
dialog: phone.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 33.
text: 36 CONTINUED: 36
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN
dialog: (stepping aside)
dialog: Ah, sehr gut. Bitte...please.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Shoen.
text: Mika enters.
scene_heading: 37 INT. SABATIN HOME - DAY 37
text: Sabatin and Mika sit across from each other. The house
text: has the chill of loneliness. Tea has been set out
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN
dialog: You said you read my husband's
dialog: report, yes? What did you think?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I found it...illuminating.
dialog: Especially the references to the
dialog: Rihla. Your husband quotes
dialog: passages not found in Battuta's
dialog: present manuscript.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN
dialog: My husband journeyed all over the
dialog: world researching that report, but
dialog: when he was home, he never spoke
dialog: about it. He said it was safer
dialog: that way.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I understand the report caused
dialog: some problems for him inside the
dialog: KGB.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN
dialog: The report caused "problems" for
dialog: Alexei's career the way Moses
dialog: caused problems for the Pharaoh,
dialog: you see? Very unpleasant.
dialog: Terrible people saying terrible
dialog: things.
text: She pours tea, the harsh memories still fresh.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 34.
text: 37 CONTINUED: 37
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN (CONT'D)
dialog: After he retired...was asked to
dialog: retire...we moved, first to
dialog: Byelorussia and then here to
dialog: Berlin when the wall came down.
dialog: He said this will be a good place
dialog: to grow old together. And it was,
dialog: for a time.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What happened?
text: She looks off, shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN
dialog: About two years ago...two? Yes,
dialog: after the assassination of Zhukov,
text: the report drew attention. After
dialog: that, everything was different.
scene_heading: 38 FLASHBACK - EXT. SABATIN HOME - DAY 38
text: As Alexei supervises, workmen install locks, put in
text: fencing material, hang lights and video cameras on the
text: outside of the house.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN (V.O.)
dialog: Alexei hired men to change all the
dialog: locks, and put in more of them.
text: Locks on the windows, locks on the
dialog: doors, locks on the locks. He put
dialog: in cameras and motion sensors and
dialog: lights...everywhere, lights.
text: The lights SNAP on, illuminating the back of the house
text: with brilliant klieg lights.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: "There can be no shadows," he
dialog: said. "No shadows."
text: 38A BACK TO SCENE 38A
text: CLOSER on Mrs. Sabatin as she looks down at her tea.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN
dialog: I will tell you a true thing, and
dialog: a hard thing. My husband was a
dialog: soldier. A member of Russian
dialog: intelligence. He had seen many
dialog: terrible things....
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He was not a man to frighten
dialog: easily.
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 35.
text: 38A CONTINUED: 38A
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN (CONT'D)
dialog: But from that day on, when the sun
dialog: went down behind the hills...in
dialog: his eyes, I saw the fear a child
dialog: has of the dark.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then, one day, a man came to the
text: door.
scene_heading: 39 FLASHBACK - INT/EXT. SABATIN HOUSE - DAY 39
text: We are over the shoulder of someone who could be Raizo or
text: Takeshi as the door opens revealing Alexei.
text: After a moment Alexi invites the man in. A security
text: camera watches them enter the house.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN (V.O.)
dialog: They talked in Alexei's study for
dialog: sometime. Then the young man
text: left.
text: Mrs. Sabatin watches the young man leave then hurries
text: toward the study door.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN (CONT'D)
dialog: It was unlike Alexei not to see
dialog: him out. I remember being very
dialog: scared. But when I opened the
text: door, he was just sitting there.
dialog: For a moment, he didn't even
dialog: notice me. Then he stood up and
dialog: kissed me and told me that he
dialog: loved me very much. He said I
dialog: should always remember that.
text: We see Alexei looking shell-shocked, eyes hollowed, as he
text: stands and kisses his wife. His eyes begin to shimmer
text: with tears but before he cries, he leaves.
text: 39A BACK TO SCENE 39A
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Do you know what they talked
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN
dialog: No. Alexei never spoke about it.
dialog: But two months later, he was dead.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Can I ask how he died?
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 36.
scene_heading: 40 FLASHBACK - EXT. SABATIN HOUSE - NIGHT 40
text: The lights have come on outside his house. Alexei comes
text: out, a gun in hand, shielding his eyes. Searching for
text: whatever set off the automatic lights.
text: Then, suddenly: darkness.
text: And sudden MOVEMENT in the shadows that LUNGES toward
dialog: Alexei.
text: 40A As Mrs. Sabatin shakes her head, looks away. Shrugs. 40A
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN
text: The lights went out.
text: She looks to Mika. That says it all. She rises.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You are the first person who has
dialog: taken my husband's work seriously.
dialog: It would be good to know that he
dialog: did not die without cause. Come
dialog: with me.
text: Mika follows her into --
text: -- an adjoining room, where Mrs. Sabatin pulls the bottom
text: drawer of a bureau out and sets it on the floor. From
text: the darkness she removes a metal box.
speaker_heading: MRS. SABATIN (CONT'D)
dialog: He would want you to have this.
scene_heading: 41 INT. ISTANBUL RAIZO'S APARTMENT - DAY 41
text: Raizo sits alone. Crossed-legged on the floor. Utterly
dialog: still.
text: There's an ocean of sound swirling around him. The
text: cacophony of Instanbul evening rush hour.
text: Raizo starts to build a dam; auricular sandbags laid one
text: by one, walling off the outside world.
text: The traffic outside- horns, engines, squealing tires,
text: rattling trucks chassis- all fade away.
text: People shouting, singing. A couple next door making love.
text: A baby wailing. Jackhammers pounding...
text: Slowly, the world fades away, until there is only one
text: sound. Faint, familiar, but almost too quiet to hear...
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 37.
text: 41 CONTINUED: 41
text: Raizo's heartbeat.
text: He listens to it. Meditates on its simple rhythm...
text: Until a sound explodes in the room, it is a sound we
dialog: haven't heard in his apartment-
text: A phone.
text: He rises slowly as the phone continues to ring. He
text: answers it silently waiting for something-
text: The line clicks and goes dead.
scene_heading: 42 EXT. ISTANBUL STREET SOUK - DAY 42
text: Raizo walks through the crowded market. Shoppers,
text: salesmen and tourists fill the narrow aisles between the
dialog: stalls.
text: FIVE CHILDREN- who we see only from the back- run past.
text: Shouting laughing. The last one jostles against Raizo as
text: he goes by.
text: Raizo keeps walking, but he is holding an envelope in his
text: hand. He slips it into his pocket.
scene_heading: 43 EXT. ISTANBUL STREET - DAY 43
text: Raizo opens the envelope as he crosses the street.
text: There's a square of paper inside, and a photograph.
text: On the paper is a street address in Berlin. The
text: photograph is a close-up of a woman's face...
dialog: Mika.
scene_heading: 44 INT. MIKA'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY 44
text: Close on the box. It sits on her desk, calling as
dialog: another box once called to Pandora.
text: She opens it.
text: Inside are a series of cataloged photographs taken in the
dialog: style of 1970's archeologists (like those of the dead sea
dialog: scrolls) of the lost chapter of Ibn-Battuta.
text: The scrolls contain his 14th century Islamic writing and
text: several sketches.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 38.
scene_heading: 44 CONTINUED: 44
text: There is also a very rough map that suggests the location
dialog: of The Orphanage.
text: Images of the orphanage, of the children training and
dialog: their ordeals, bloody combat, ritual bindings, beatings
dialog: on the Nightingale floor.
text: There is a scroll that she unrolls revealing the lineage
dialog: tree of the Nine Clans.
text: Also in the box is a single VHS tape.
text: She pushes the tape into the player.
text: It's a recording of a surveillance camera staring at the
text: front of the Sabatin house.
text: A man walks up to the house and rings's the bell. We
text: cannot see his face. Sabatin opens the door. They
text: exchange words. Sabatin seems wary but invites the man
dialog: in.
text: Mika doesn't understand why this is significant.
text: She hits fast forward until she sees a flash as the man
text: exits. She stops, rewinds and plays it again. *
text: As he steps out of the shadow of the house, she sees his
text: face-
dialog: It is Raizo.
text: She is startled when someone pounds on the door. It
text: seems like it might rattle off its hinges as she hurries
text: to open it revealing-
dialog: Maslow and he's not happy.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (O.S.)
dialog: You lied to me.
text: He pushes into the room and slams the door behind him.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What're you --
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I told you to stop using my
dialog: confirmation code.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I did --
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Dammit, Mika -- *
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 39.
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: (2) 44
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: ...I'm sorry, it was the only way *
dialog: I could get the evidence. *
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Shit....
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: What happened? Everything's
dialog: fucking happened.
text: He tries to dial it down, succeeds, but only a little.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: When you were slapping my code all
dialog: over town like some phone number
dialog: in a bathroom, did you happen to
dialog: notice the classification code on
dialog: the cases you were digging
dialog: through?
dialog: She knows.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: What did it say?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: (quietly) DNP.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: That's right. DNP. DO NOT
dialog: FUCKING PURSUE!
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Actually that would be DNFP --
scene_heading: 45 FLASH-IMAGE - INT. MASLOW'S OFFICE - AFTERNOON 45
text: We SEE men and women in dark suits, their expressions
text: deadly serious, tossing through everything he has in the
dialog: place.
text: 45A BACK TO SCENE 45A
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Right now there are people from
dialog: internal affairs, CIA, Homeland
dialog: Security and for all I know the
dialog: Martian Fucking Military in my
text: office tearing the place apart.
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 40.
text: 45A CONTINUED: 45A
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know what they're looking
dialog: for but I think you do.
text: She shifts nervously, no poker face. She turns and leads
text: him into her home office.
text: With the key from the tampax box she opens the drawer.
text: Maslow watches as she pulls out the contents of Sabatin's
text: box as well as the illegally requisitioned evidence.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Most of this is from Sabatin.
dialog: Copies of what I think are the
dialog: lost chapters of the Rihle. I
dialog: think it describes the original
dialog: location of the Ozunu Clan but my
dialog: 14th century Arabic is a little
dialog: rusty.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: And this?
dialog: Meaning the DVD.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: That's how it started. I made a
dialog: mistake, mixed up the case code
dialog: and they sent me that.
text: A moment later the DVD is playing, Raizo and the other
text: ninja dancing through the shadows.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: ...Christ.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Yeah. I know. I don't understand
dialog: why they're fighting though. It
dialog: could be a clan war.
text: Maslow starts to put it together.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: So you requisitioned this by
dialog: accident. You used my code which
dialog: is why you didn't want to show me
dialog: this. Which is also why they're
dialog: tearing apart my office right now.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I'm sorry Ryan. You have to know
dialog: I didn't mean for you to get in
dialog: trouble...
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 41.
speaker_heading: 45A CONTINUED: (2) 45A
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: I just thought if this was real,
dialog: if these clans were killing
dialog: people, you know, it was our job
dialog: to try to stop them.
text: He eyes her.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Isn't that what your dad would do?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Okay, that's low.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Look, I know I broke the rules.
dialog: I'll explain what I did and accept
dialog: the consequences.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Very noble of you but I've got the
dialog: feeling this isn't a slap-on-the
dialog: wrist kinda consequence. Let me
dialog: take this and try to make some
dialog: sense of this shitstorm you
dialog: started. In the meantime, you
dialog: will not say anything to anybody.
dialog: Capiche?
text: She nods.
scene_heading: 46 INT. PASSPORT CONTROL AIRPORT - DAY 46
text: Close on Raizo's fake passport.
speaker_heading: PASSPORT OFFICIAL
dialog: Are you coming to Berlin for
dialog: business or pleasure Mr. Han
text: Raizo smiles
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Pleasure.
scene_heading: 47 INT. MIKA'S OFFICE - DAY 47
text: She's at her computer, studying a topographical map of
text: Japan, trying to relate the Ibu-Battuta's drawing to it.
text: Suddenly she realizes she is not alone;
text: Zabranski is leaning against the door jam. He smiles.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 42.
text: 47 CONTINUED: 47
speaker_heading: ZABRANSKI
dialog: Boy you're like a dog with a bone
dialog: on that computer aren't you?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Excuse me? Who are you?
text: He reaches across her desk.
speaker_heading: ZABRANSKI
dialog: Agent Zabranski. Internal
dialog: affairs. Need to ask you a couple
dialog: of questions. You are Mika
dialog: Coretti, yeah?
text: She nods, her gut clenching. He pulls out a small
dialog: notebook.
speaker_heading: ZABRANSKI (CONT'D)
dialog: Forensic researcher. You work a
dialog: lot with an Agent...Maslow. That
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: ...A few cases.
speaker_heading: ZABRANSKI
dialog: You have something of a social
dialog: relationship.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ZABRANSKI
dialog: You had lunch with him on the 13th
dialog: and again on the 18th.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: ZABRANSKI
dialog: Is it not true?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I...I'm not sure. We do have
dialog: lunch together sometimes, usually
dialog: when we're working-
speaker_heading: ZABRANSKI
dialog: Are you working on something with
dialog: him right now?
dialog: A beat.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 43.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: (2) 47
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: No...not right now.
speaker_heading: ZABRANSKI
dialog: Has Agent Maslow seemed different
dialog: lately, in any way? Has he done
dialog: or said anything that struck you
dialog: as unusual?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: No why. Has Agent Maslow done
dialog: something?
text: He smiles in the way a piranha might smile if it could.
speaker_heading: ZABRANSKI
dialog: Just routine. The agency cares
dialog: about its field operatives. We
dialog: monitor for signs of stress,
dialog: fatigue, mental exhaustion. Agent
dialog: Maslow has a serious case load.
dialog: That much work can wear on a man.
text: He leaves.
text: She gets up and closes her door. She grabs her phone and
dialog: calls Maslow.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (V.O.)
dialog: This is Ryan Maslow. Leave a
dialog: number-
text: She disconnects then texts.
scene_heading: TEXT: 911. CALL ME. M
scene_heading: 48 INT. PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT 48
text: It is later. The garage is a gyre of shadows. Mika
text: walks towards her car.
text: The fluorescent light flickers and goes out. She stands
dialog: in the dark.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Come on...you're kidding me.
text: It flickers back on. She continues to her car.
scene_heading: 49 INT. PARKING GARAGE CAR - NIGHT 49
text: She gets in as a shadow leaps to life behind her. She
text: starts to scream when she realizes it's-
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 44.
text: 49 CONTINUED: 49
dialog: Maslow.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Ssssshhhhhh. Sorry, Mika.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Fucking Christ, Ryan-
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I couldn't talk earlier. They're
dialog: watching me.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Zabranski came to my office.
dialog: Asking about you.
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I know how Sabatin must have felt.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I showed Jamison the materials.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What did he say?
scene_heading: 50 INT. JAMISON'S OFFICE - DAY 50
dialog: A typical autocrat.
speaker_heading: JAMISON
dialog: This agency is subject to the
dialog: International laws and agreements
dialog: that govern the jurisdiction of
dialog: our authority. If a case is
dialog: marked DNP we must respect the
dialog: jurisprudence of the regional
dialog: government and act accordingly.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I understand that sir but-
speaker_heading: JAMISON
dialog: Let me be clear, Agent Maslow. In
dialog: the eyes of the law these
dialog: materials do not exist. If so,
dialog: than there is no case and if there
dialog: is no case there is no reason for
text: this conversation to continue.
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 45.
scene_heading: 51 INT. PARKING GARAGE CAR - NIGHT 51
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: He took the materials?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Come on Mika, how could he take
dialog: something that didn't exist? He
dialog: couldn't. Which means that I
dialog: couldn't copy it either, and if I
dialog: couldn't copy it than I can't be
dialog: violating international laws and
dialog: agreements by still having it.
dialog: She likes this guy.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What are we going to do?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Your going to go home. Pack your
dialog: bags and go on holiday.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: No way-
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Don't fucking argue with me, Mika.
dialog: I trusted you. Now you've got to
dialog: trust me.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Ryan, I can't let you lose your
dialog: job because of me-
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I'm not talking about my job,
dialog: Mika.
text: He hands her a Glock and two spare clips.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Take this. It's clean, no serial
dialog: number. Untraceable.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I've never even fired one of
dialog: these.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: (pointing) This is the bad end.
dialog: This is the end you hold. Point,
dialog: shoot, run like hell.
text: He also gives her a phone.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 46.
text: 51 CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to try to find some
dialog: help. Until then, I need you gone.
dialog: Don't tell anyone where you're
dialog: going, just go. Use this phone to
dialog: text me when you get there, or if
dialog: you have any problems.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Ryan...
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I know. It's unbelievable. I've
dialog: investigated, world bank
dialog: officials, drug cartels, arms
dialog: dealers, and I've never faced this
dialog: kind of heat. For ninjas. Fucking
dialog: unbelievable!
text: He shakes his head and slips out the door.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. MIKA'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT 52
text: Mika parks her car around the corner from the apartment
text: building, gets out and starts down the street when she
text: sees --
text: -- the apartment building and the one next door are dark.
text: Candles and flashlights are visible in some of the
text: apartment windows, a scattering of neighbors congregating
text: outside. Mika approaches a NEIGHBOR.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Hey....
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: Power's out. Us, the building
dialog: behind us, that one across the
dialog: street. Seems like every few
dialog: months, boom, the lights out. I
dialog: call, I complain, they
dialog: listen...nothing gets done. So I
dialog: sit out here, at least it's cool.
text: Mika looks up at the building, scared but not ready to
dialog: believe that ninjas are responsible for everything. She
text: pulls a tiny LED flashlight out of her bag and starts
text: into the building.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 47.
text: 52 CONTINUED: 52
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Watch your step.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: You're not the first person to
dialog: give me that advice today....
text: And she continues into --
scene_heading: 53 INT. MIKA'S APARTMENT BUILDING STAIRWELL - NIGHT 53
text: -- where she climbs the steps, each creak adding to the
dialog: possibility of attracting trouble. On the passing
text: floors, we hear doors being opened and shut, footsteps,
text: the distant murmur of voices. Could be nothing. Could
dialog: be everything. She presses on.
scene_heading: 54 INT. MIKA'S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER 54
text: She opens the door to her apartment, shining the tiny
text: light ahead of her. Shadows chase each other across the
text: room as she swings the light one way, then another.
text: There seems to be no one else in the place. But as she
text: hurries into her home office, we see --
text: A shadow move behind her.
text: As she packs she begins to hear something, a tapping.
text: The same sound she heard before. She pulls the gun from
text: her purse. With the flashlight spearing the darkness,
text: she goes to her office.
text: Again the window is open, the blinds gently blowing
text: against the sash.
text: She is certain the window had been locked.
dialog: Now every shadow is alive.
text: She rushes back to her bedroom aiming in every direction.
text: Her flashlight finds her suitcase. On the top of her
text: clothes she sees it: An envelope. Perfectly centered.
text: Setting the gun down, she picks up the oragami-folded
text: envelope. Opens it with a shaking finger.
text: Black sand spills out.
text: Terror steals her breath. Behind her, a shadow tilts and
text: reveals the eyes of a ninja.
text: Before she can even move, a blade flashes from the
text: darkness, heading for her neck-
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 48.
text: 54 CONTINUED: 54
text: Another shadow blocks the blade, knocking Mika over the
dialog: bed.
text: The sounds of a fight erupt all around her but the
text: combatants are almost invisible in the surrounding
text: darkness.
text: Her flashlight catches glimpses. Impossibly fast, lethal
text: predators trying to kill each other.
text: She crawls towards the spilled contents of her suitcase,
text: towards the gun. Another blow arcs for her and is again
dialog: blocked.
text: Her hand finds the handle of the gun. She points into
text: the dark, fires.
text: The gun flash strobes the room, freezing the two ninjas
text: in the blink of a flashbulb.
text: They move towards her until a kick sends her gun flying.
text: She can feel them fighting very close to her and when she
text: finds them with her flashlight, a blade is struck deep-
text: Blood erupts. One shadow falls to the ground.
text: The other turns towards her. Her flashlight shakes as
text: the ninja reaches up and removes his mask.
dialog: It is Raizo.
text: He sees in her eyes that she knows him.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: You know me?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D)
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: ...security camera in New York. *
dialog: Recorded you fighting...one of *
dialog: them. *
text: She glances at the dead ninja. *
speaker_heading: RAIZO *
dialog: You know about them? *
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: A little. *
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 48A.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: (2) 54
dialog: He waits. *
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D) *
dialog: Uhh-- Well, there are these *
dialog: clans...we're not sure how many. *
speaker_heading: RAIZO *
dialog: Nine. *
speaker_heading: MIKA *
dialog: Okay. Nine. Nine clans. And *
dialog: they apparently have been *
dialog: supplying assassins to governments *
dialog: or anyone who happens to have one *
dialog: hundred pounds of gold lying *
dialog: around for the last thousand *
dialog: years. Give or take. *
text: He nods faintly. Then turns to his dead "Brother". *
speaker_heading: RAIZO *
dialog: His name was Jin. *
speaker_heading: MIKA *
dialog: You knew him? *
speaker_heading: RAIZO *
dialog: He was not born an "Assassin". *
text: She looks at the dead body. *
speaker_heading: MIKA *
dialog: ...you're from his clan ? *
text: His nod is almost imperceptible. *
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D) *
dialog: Then...why did you stop him? *
speaker_heading: RAIZO *
dialog: The clans have three kinds of *
dialog: people! People with power. *
dialog: People with money. Or people *
dialog: hunting them. *
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 49.
text: 54 CONTINUED: (3) 54
text: He hears something she can't. She starts to speak, and *
text: he stops her with a gesture.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D) *
dialog: They're coming.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: The Hanta-Kirra.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Does that mean what I think it
dialog: means?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: They won't stop until you are *
dialog: dead. *
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Oh god. *
text: She looks for her gun.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: The gun won't help you.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I don't have a lot of options
dialog: okay. I once took a Tae Bo class,
dialog: but that's the extent of my Kung
dialog: Fu abilities.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: I can help but you must tell me *
dialog: something first.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: You saw Ms. Sabatin. *
speaker_heading: MIKA *
dialog: How did you know that? *
speaker_heading: RAIZO *
dialog: I've been watching you, waiting *
dialog: for them. *
text: She tries to compute the idea that he's been following *
dialog: her. *
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 50.
text: 54 CONTINUED: (4) 54
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D) *
dialog: Did she give you something? *
text: She nods, Raizo's eyes lite up.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D) *
dialog: You have them?
text: Shakes her head "no."
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: But I can get them.
text: He hears something else.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: We need something black. Hurry! *
text: She runs with the flashlight to a bureau. Inside is a
text: black tablecloth. He pulls her shoes off.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D)
dialog: Follow me. Step where I step.
scene_heading: 55 INT. MIKA'S APARTMENT BUILDING STAIRWELL - NIGHT 55
text: He leads her down through the stairwell of the large walk
text: up. She follows him step by step.
text: Suddenly he pulls her into the corner of a doorway.
text: Wrapping the tablecloth around them, they melt into
text: darkness.
text: Beneath the wrap, he puts his hand over her mouth and
text: nose stopping her breath.
text: Outside after a long beat a ninja's foot silently glides
text: past, climbing the stairs.
text: Inside he releases her nose. Before she can finish
text: taking a breath he yanks her up and they quickly descend
text: the remaining stairs.
scene_heading: 56 INT. MIKA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 56
text: The dead ninja lies in a pool of blood.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 51.
text: 56 CONTINUED: 56
text: The shadows come alive and four dark figures emerge, born
dialog: from the black-
dialog: The Hanta Kirra.
text: Their leader drifts forward surveying the apartment, his
text: dark eyes flashing that we recognize.
text: Like snap-focus flashes taking in the myriad signs of the
text: fight: the bullets in the wall, footprints, and shattered
text: lights. One of the killers uses his sword to trace the
text: line of a slashing cut in wall. Braille from the blow
dialog: that Raizo used to cut the ninja.
text: He removes his mask and we see it's Takeshi.
speaker_heading: TAKESHI
dialog: Raizo.
text: Another Ninja leans forward and tastes the air with his
text: nose. Eyes closed. Like a dog getting the scent, his
text: inhalation a long, low whisper in the silent room.
speaker_heading: DOG NINJA
dialog: He's taken the girl.
text: Takeshi nods turning to the windows. He smiles; A hunter
text: who knows the hunt is almost over.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (V.O.)
dialog: Weakness compels strength.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 57 EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 57
text: A figure is running wildly through the thrashing
text: branches.
scene_heading: 58 INT. ORPHANAGE OZUNU HOUSE ASSEMBLY ROOM - NIGHT 58
text: Ozunu addresses the clan, his eyes like those of an
dialog: executioner.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: Betrayal begets blood.
text: BACK TO:
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 52.
scene_heading: 59 EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 59
text: We are gaining on the figure who continues to bolt like a
text: panicked horse.
text: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 60 INT. ORPHANAGE OZUNU HOUSE ASSEMBLY - NIGHT 60
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: This is the law of the Nine Clans.
dialog: This is the way of the ninja.
text: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 61 EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 61
text: We rush up behind the figure who glances back. It is
text: Kiriko and she screams as we attack-
text: The sound of the assault becomes-
scene_heading: 62 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 62
text: Mika's car rushing past us.
scene_heading: 63 INT. CAR - NIGHT 63
text: Raizo is silent. Mika is driving.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I'm going to have to make a phone
dialog: call in order to get the
text: manuscript.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Not now. Just drive.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Does not matter. Just get as far
dialog: away from here as fast as you can
text: without drawing attention.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: You think they're following us?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: I know they're following us.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 53.
text: 63 CONTINUED: 63
text: She watches in the mirror for a moment.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I don't see anything back there.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: They have our scent.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Following our scent? Like dogs?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: No. Like Wolves.
text: She swallows.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: How do you know so much about
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: I was one of them.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: You flunked out of ninja school or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: ...something.
scene_heading: 64 FLASHBACK - INT. LIMOUSINE - NIGHT 64
text: Raizo is dressed in normal clothes his hair starting to
text: grow back from the close shave he had in the Orphanage.
text: He wears a silk blindfold.
text: Ozunu sits in the leather gloom of the stuffed
text: upholstery.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: You may remove the blindfold.
text: Raizo does so. Looking around at the lights of Osaka, a
text: city he has never seen before.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Your entire life has brought you
dialog: to this moment. Do not fail
dialog: yourself. Do not fail your
dialog: family.
text: Raizo nods faintly.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 54.
text: 64 CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: MR. OZUNU
text: He is wearing a black and gold
dialog: watch. Bring it to me.
text: Raizo nods again, then opens the door and steps out.
scene_heading: 65 INT. FIVE STAR HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT 65
text: CLOSE ON the fat wrist of a large man as he strides
text: across the lobby.
text: He turns to his entourage which includes several
text: bodyguards and a few arm pieces.
speaker_heading: KINGPIN
dialog: Wait here. Gotta piss.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Want me to come with you, boss?
speaker_heading: KINGPIN
dialog: Why? So you can shake it for me?
dialog: You some kind of secret faggot?
text: He laughs and the arm pieces cluck on cue.
text: He heads into the bathroom.
scene_heading: 66 INT. FIVE STAR HOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT 66
text: Kingpin enters there is only one person in the bathroom-
text: Raizo washing his hands. His eyes flash in the mirror,
text: watching the Kingpin only after he has turned away.
text: The enormous man steps into a stall. After a moment he
text: begins to piss, moaning slightly as he does.
text: Raizo hits the air dryer button. The sound fills the
dialog: room.
text: A thin razor sharp blade flashes from his sleeve.
text: The Kingpin continues to enjoy his piss but as we look at
text: him we see the door behind him silently swing open,
text: revealing Raizo.
text: Raizo stares at the back of the man's head. He can
text: almost see his jugular beating beneath the thick folds
text: of his neck-
text: But something prevents him from striking.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 55.
text: 66 CONTINUED: 66
text: The dryer stops, the sound of the piss dribbling when the
text: Kingpin suddenly looks back over his shoulder-
speaker_heading: KINGPIN
dialog: The fuck-?
text: Raizo strikes but the kingpin is able to deflect the blow
text: which sinks into his enormous body.
text: He laughs.
speaker_heading: KINGPIN (CONT'D)
dialog: That kinda tickled...
text: He smashes a fist into Raizo that slams him backwards.
speaker_heading: KINGPIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Gonna take more than a knitting
dialog: needle to fuck me up, boy.
text: Raizo attacks and it is immediately apparent that this is
dialog: not going to be easy.
dialog: Several ferocious blows that would have broken the neck
text: of a smaller man, only seem to make the Kingpin madder.
text: Soon both are covered in blood, and gore.
text: But it is not until Raizo slams the man's head against
dialog: the lip of the urinal-
text: The first time a font blood splashing up--
text: The second time the porcelain shatters as the Kingpin's
text: head opens, spilling black blood across the floor.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. ROOF - NIGHT 67
dialog: It is raining.
text: Raizo, still wearing his bloody clothes, climbs up onto
text: the roof, his clothes spattered with gore.
text: He waits as the shadows around him come to life: Ozunu,
text: Takeshi, and several other clan members surround him.
text: All but Ozunu wear their masks.
text: Raizo extends his hand, revealing the black and gold
text: watch, smeared with fresh blood. He offers it to Mr.
dialog: Ozunu.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 56.
text: 67 CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: Keep it. It will remind you that
dialog: every minute of your life is a
dialog: gift that I have given you.
text: Ozunu smiles.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: You have made me proud tonight,
dialog: Raizo. There are some who
dialog: believed you would fail, but I
dialog: knew you would not.
text: His eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: You have a strength inside you
dialog: Raizo. You must use that
dialog: strength, now to show me that you
dialog: are truly Ozunu.
text: Several of the other ninjas step back. Revealing
text: Takeshi. He pushes a small hooded figure forward.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Weakness compels strength.
dialog: Betrayal begets blood.
text: Takeshi yanks the hood off revealing a young girl. She
text: is bloody, bound and gagged and for a flash-
text: Raizo sees her as Kiriko.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: A daughter that turned her back on
dialog: her family. She tried to run.
dialog: Takeshi hunted her down.
text: He unsheathes his blade, offering the hilt to Raizo.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: It is the law of the Nine Clans.
text: Raizo looks at the girl, her tears lost in the rain.
text: We cannot tell if Raizo is crying as he takes the blade-
text: He CRIES OUT, the light of madness in his eyes.
text: He STRIKES, lashing out with the fury of a wild animal,
dialog: at Ozunu --
text: -- who bends back with impossible grace. But not far
dialog: enough.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 57.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: (2) 67
text: The point of Raizo's sword slashes across his face,
text: opening an ugly wound that spills blood over his eye and
dialog: mouth...
text: He hasn't tasted his own blood in years, and the anger
text: boils up in his eyes.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Kill him!
text: Raizo meets their attack. Throwing himself into the fray
dialog: as only a man who is no longer interested in living can.
text: But the ninjas are everywhere. They hurl shuriken at him
text: by the handful, a storm of jagged steel racing for
text: Raizo's flesh.
text: Raizo blocks some of the shuriken, misses many more. The
text: shuriken strike muscles, tendons, flesh. He SWINGS
text: around, still trying to attack, there are too many of
dialog: them.
text: He stumbles back towards the edge of the roof as Takeshi
text: SWINGS what he believes will be the death blow as --
text: -- Raizo half-falls, half-leaps backward, falling from
text: the rooftop, tumbling through space, until he --
text: -- Splashes into the canal below-
text: Bubbles dancing between the ribbons of blood.
scene_heading: 68 INT. CAR - NIGHT 68
text: Mika speeds along the autobahn.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Okay, if you're not going to say
dialog: anything, do you mind if I talk?
dialog: When I get nervous, it helps if I
dialog: talk.
text: He says nothing.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: My name is Mika by the way.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: I know.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 58.
text: 68 CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Yeah, well usually if someone
dialog: introduces themselves it is a
dialog: convention that the other person
text: does likewise.
text: He considers her.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Raizo...is the name I was given.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: So, you were an orphan?
text: His head nods slightly.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Interesting nature verses nurture
dialog: case study I imagine.
text: He cocks an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: If it's okay with you, I'll try to
dialog: fill in some of the blanks. You
dialog: must have been taken by the Ozunu
dialog: clan, trained to be an assassin,
dialog: but something happened and you
dialog: decided to opt out of the program.
dialog: I don't imagine this went over so
dialog: well and since they're after me
dialog: for just peeking through the
dialog: keyhole, they must be after you in
dialog: a major way. But you are also
dialog: after them or you wouldn't have
dialog: bothered going to Sabatin. Which
dialog: I figure means you're searching
dialog: for the location of The Orphanage
dialog: because that's obviously the only
dialog: information Battatu's book would
dialog: have that you wouldn't already
dialog: know.
text: He looks at her impressed.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, I got some moves too. I'm
dialog: pretty lethal with the research
dialog: thing.
text: He almost smiles.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 59.
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: (2) 68
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: But here's a question I can't
dialog: answer: since you didn't know I
dialog: went to Sabatin's, why did you
dialog: save me?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Ninja only kill two kinds of
dialog: people. The first kind has power
dialog: and money. The other kind is
text: trying to stop them.
text: He nods, noticing shops out beyond the exit.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D)
dialog: Exit here.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 69 EXT. SHOPPING MALL - NIGHT 69
text: The shops are all closed, Mika's car crawls to a stop in
text: the empty parking lot.
scene_heading: 70 INT. CAR - NIGHT 70
text: Raizo looks her over.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I understand retail therapy as
dialog: well as any girl but I think it's
dialog: a little late.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: You are a size 36?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What? No! Size 34...`cept certain
dialog: times of the month.
text: He starts to leave then stops-
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: If you leave while I am gone they
dialog: will catch you and kill you.
text: He looks her in the eye.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you understand that?
text: She nods. He opens his door and slips out.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 60.
text: 70 CONTINUED: 70
text: She watches as he heads for the doors. He passes into
text: the shadow of the building and disappears.
text: She digs into her bag for the phone Maslow gave her.
text: She TEXTS: 911. But situ stable. Guardian angel all in
dialog: black. Need Battuta book soon. Will call. M
text: She hits send. Looks out to the darkness surrounding
text: her. After a moment one of the shadows comes to life.
text: The door opens and Raizo gets in, his arm full of
text: clothes.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D)
dialog: We need a hotel.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. HIGHWAY MOTEL - NIGHT 71
text: The car is parked around several others.
scene_heading: 72 INT. HIGHWAY MOTEL ROOM/BATHROOM - NIGHT 72
text: Raizo goes into the bathroom, and turns on the shower.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Get undressed. Shower. Do not
dialog: use the hotel soap. Or any towel.
dialog: Do you smoke?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: No.
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Put your clothes in here.
text: He pulls the garbage bag from the wastepaper basket.
text: Then leaves as she begins getting undressed.
scene_heading: 73 EXT. HIGHWAY MOTEL - NIGHT 73
text: Outside the hotel, Raizo finds a pine tree. He cuts
text: several branches from it.
scene_heading: 74 INT. HIGHWAY MOTEL ROOM/BATHROOM - NIGHT 74
text: Back in the room, he enters the bathroom. She is still
dialog: in the shower.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 61.
text: 74 CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Hey-
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Don't you know how to knock?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: I'm trying to save your life.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: ...okay right.
text: He hands her the tree branch.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Dry yourself with this.
text: He starts taking off his clothes. He does it quickly
dialog: without any sense of awkwardness; the world where he came
dialog: from makes little distinction between male and female.
dialog: She's not from the same world, keeping herself as covered
dialog: as possible with a tree branch.
text: He jumps in the shower while she tries to dry herself
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: ...I'm just a researcher. I'm
dialog: really not equipped to deal with
dialog: this...
text: He steps out and quickly wipes the dripping water off his
text: body with the branch.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Get dressed.
text: In the bedroom, Raizo is dressed in new clothes. He
text: lights a cigarette as Mika come out struggling with the
text: tightness of her new jeans.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: These are a little tight.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: You said 34.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: European sizes...run a little
dialog: small I guess.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 62.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: (2) 74
text: Raizo takes the cigarette and begins waving it all around
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: This is for my "scent"?
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: 75 EXT. HIGHWAY MOTEL PARKING LOT - NIGHT 75
text: CLOSE as he picks the lock of a different car trunk.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Wow. They teach you that at ninja
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Most locks are not worth the metal
dialog: they're made of.
text: The trunk pops open. Raizo tosses their bag of clothes
text: under the lid of the tire compartment. Then closes the
text: door.
text: He leads her down the parking lot sizing up the cars,
dialog: until he finds one he likes.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: You're going to steal a car?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Just borrow it.
text: The door opens.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D)
dialog: Get in.
text: She sighs.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: In for a penny, in for a pounding.
scene_heading: 75A INT. CAR - NIGHT 75A
text: Raizo takes out a small electrical device. He aims it at
text: the dash and hits a button. The device finds the right
text: frequency to start the car.
text: She is impressed.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 62A.
text: 75A CONTINUED: 75A
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: At ninja school I minored in
dialog: electrical engineering.
text: His smile makes her smile.
scene_heading: 76 EXT. AUTOBAHN - NIGHT 76
text: A moment later the car flies back towards Berlin.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Now we have some time.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 63.
text: 76 CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: How much time?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: A day. Maybe less.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Make your call.
text: She nods, digs through her purse for the phone.
text: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 77 INT. MASLOW'S OFFICE - NIGHT 77
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Ryan, it's me.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Mika! For Christ sake I've been
dialog: calling for hours!
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I know. I'm in a bit of trouble-
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Trouble? You miss jury duty
dialog: you're in trouble. You're in some
dialog: kind of bottomless pit of deep
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Yeah. Least I'm not down here by
dialog: myself...
text: She looks at Raizo.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Your guardian angel? Is it him?
dialog: The one from the tape?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: He's on our side, Ryan. I trust
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Careful, Mika.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I promised him the Battuta pages.
dialog: Do you still have them?
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 64.
text: 77 CONTINUED: 77
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: ...yeah, I got them.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Can you meet us? In three hours?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: How bout the usual?
scene_heading: 78 EXT. BERLIN WALL - NIGHT 78
text: Maslow waits, the red-tip of his cigarette glowing in the
text: middle of his silhouette.
text: Mika is leading.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: There he is.
text: Raizo hesitates; an animal sensing danger.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: He's a good man. It's all right.
text: They approach Maslow.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Mika!
text: He embraces her.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: You're all right?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Thanks to him.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Why have you done this?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Done what?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Step back Mika.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: People will die.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 65.
text: 78 CONTINUED: 78
text: Maslow takes hold of Mika as he shouts-
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: NOW!
text: An explosion of light; A firing line of kliegs all aimed
text: at Raizo, each as bright as a slice of the sun.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: No!
text: Twenty heavily armed men emerge from the wall of light.
speaker_heading: MILITARY MAN
dialog: Hands on your head! On your
dialog: knees! Do it now!
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Raizo! No! This is wrong!
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: The clans have people everywhere.
text: Raizo raises his hands slowly, a glance thrown like a
dialog: shuriken at Maslow.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Following orders.
text: The men swarm over him, binding him with brutal
text: efficiency, hauling him away.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 78A FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE DOJO - DAY 78A
text: Ozunu watches. A faint look of disgust dangling from his
text: lips.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: Cut him.
text: Kiriko is panting, covered in sweat and blood, standing
text: over a bloody, beaten Takeshi.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: All failure must be sown into the
text: flesh.
text: Kiriko is handed a razor sharp blade.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 65A.
text: 78A CONTINUED: 78A
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Cut him!
text: Takeshi prepares for the blow, but--
text: Kiriko drops the blade.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
text: He marches up to her.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: You know the law!
text: Her silence remains defiant, while he boils with
text: suppressed rage, picking up the blade.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: You will wear this disgrace for
dialog: the rest of your life!
text: He slashes her, slicing across her face.
text: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 79 FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE DORMITORY - NIGHT 79
text: Raizo wakes up.
text: There's a commotion on the other side of the shoji
text: screens that comprise the inner wall of the dorm.
text: Silhouettes limned against the paper.
text: Raizo moves to the screens. Pulls them a half inch aside
text: as the other children watch...
text: Through the tiny gap, he sees ninjas dragging Kiriko down
text: the hall. Gagged, arms twisted with shiburi, blood
text: streaking her pale and terrified face.
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 66.
scene_heading: 80 INT. SAFE-HOUSE - VAULT - NIGHT 80
text: Raizo is chained to the walls of a vault. Spread-eagled,
text: double-locked, and lit from all sides so there are no
text: shadows anywhere in the room.
text: Raizo's head sags. Eyes closed.
text: Cameras stare at him.
scene_heading: 81 INT. SAFE-HOUSE GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 81
text: Classic Berlin aesthetic. A modern office shoe-horned
text: into an abandoned building: cubicles, computers and Aeron
text: chairs amidst crumbling walls.
text: Maslow's team are hanging out there, thirty agents, a
text: fairly competent and well-armed bunch. Maslow is inside
text: the control room which is like a small construction
text: trailer. Several different monitors have images of
dialog: Raizo.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GOON
dialog: Prisoner is secure sir.
text: For a moment it appears that Raizo looks up as Maslow
text: looks at him, as if somehow Raizo could see through the
text: lens watching him. Then his head drops again.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Right.
text: He scans the different monitors.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Something's wrong with the
text: infrared cam.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GOON
dialog: No sir, we checked it.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Then why isn't he showing up?
speaker_heading: SECURITY GOON
dialog: We think he's able to lower the
dialog: temperature of his body to remain
dialog: neutral.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
text: Or maybe he's just cold-blooded.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GOON #2
dialog: Sir!
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 66A.
text: 81 CONTINUED: 81
text: The goon struggles to stop Mika as she storms inside.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Ryan, you know this is wrong! It
dialog: can't be legal! What is this
dialog: place? Your own private
dialog: Guantanamo?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
text: It's an old GDR safehouse.
dialog: Jamison wants this off the grid.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Ryan you're making a huge mistake!
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I don't think so. We got reports
dialog: from Washington, London, Osaka all
dialog: tagging your boy. Only problem we
dialog: have is where to extradite him
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: So two weeks ago, there's no such
dialog: thing as a ninja and now every
dialog: city in the world has a warrant
dialog: for one?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: We must respect the jurisprudence
dialog: of the regional government and
dialog: corresponding law enforcement
dialog: agencies.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: He's not the enemy.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: No? You ever heard of Stockholm
dialog: Syndrome I'm getting the feeling
dialog: I'm looking at a pretty serious
dialog: case of it.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I'm not crazy. This is!
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 67.
speaker_heading: 81 CONTINUED: (2) 81
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: He's a killer, Mika. Weren't you
dialog: the one telling me it was our job
text: to stop him.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: You're not listening to me!
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: You're not saying anything worth
dialog: hearing. Look, if want to do the
dialog: insubordination tango, let's go,
dialog: but not in front of the kids okay?
dialog: Boys, give us a minute.
text: The security goons clear out, closing the door behind
dialog: them.
scene_heading: 82 INT. SAFE-HOUSE OFFICE - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 82
text: She wheels on him to let him have it.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Damn it, Ryan, I --
text: -- but he holds a finger to his lips, indicating be
dialog: quiet.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Listen to me, we don't have much
dialog: time. Look, I don't know what
dialog: you've stumbled into, but somebody
dialog: is pulling some major strings
text: inside.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: They want him dead. He's been
dialog: fighting them for years.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I believe you.
dialog: (softer)
dialog: I believe you. I've been in this
dialog: business too long not to smell a
dialog: set-up. But we have to be careful
dialog: how we handle this. And I can't
dialog: risk you going AWOL on me again,
dialog: because --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: -- because I don't want anything
dialog: to happen to you.
text: He glances up at her, and it's clear: he has affection
dialog: for her.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 68.
text: 82 CONTINUED: 82
text: He presses a tracking device into her hands.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: If trouble comes, turn this on, no
dialog: matter where, and I'll find you.
scene_heading: 83 INT. SAFE HOUSE VAULT - NIGHT 83
text: Raizo remains motionless, his eyes open when he hears
text: someone coming.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (V.O.)
dialog: You shouldn't do that they'll
dialog: catch you.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO (V.O.)
dialog: Then they'll catch me.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (V.O.)
dialog: They'll put you in the box.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO (V.O.)
dialog: Yes. They will.
scene_heading: 84 FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE DORMITORY - NIGHT 84
text: It is the middle of the night. Raizo lies on a floor
text: mat, unable to sleep. He looks over at Kiriko's empty
text: mat. Quietly he gets up and makes his way outside.
scene_heading: 85 FLASHBACK - EXT. ORPHANAGE MEDITATION BOX - NIGHT 85
text: He moves to an upright bamboo box about the size of a
dialog: coffin. Looking at --
text: -- Kiriko, in the box. Dehydration has left Kiriko with
text: barely the strength to breathe. Her lips are swollen and
text: cracked, she sags against the tight walls of the box.
text: He pulls a bamboo straw from his dark robe, then fills
text: his mouth with water from a flask.
text: Sticking the straw through the bamboo poles near her
text: lips, he feeds her drop by drop, and in this way,
text: separated by a cage they share a kind of kiss.
text: Her eyes part, ever so slightly, and she manages a smile.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: I told you. I tried to warn you.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 69.
text: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: ...yes, you did....
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: But you did it anyway. Why?
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Why am I in here for watering my
dialog: tree...or why are you out there...
dialog: watering me?
text: She meets his eyes.
scene_heading: 86 INT. SAFE-HOUSE - VAULT - NIGHT 86
text: Mika is standing behind the bars which slide open.
text: She has a bottle of water, she looks at the two armed
text: guards following her.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Could you give us a moment?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Negative. Not safe ma'am.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: If he wanted to hurt me he could
dialog: have done that a while ago.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Sorry ma'am. Maslow okayed the
dialog: water. That's it.
text: They stand near the door as Mika crosses to Raizo.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Hi...you looked thirsty.
text: She holds the water bottle to his lips, whispering.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry...I didn't know about
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: You do?
text: He nod's, swallowing another sip.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 70.
text: 86 CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: The only time you lied to me was
dialog: when you told me your size.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: How did you know that?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Your heart. It is special.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: You know about my heart?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Hearts speak truer than
dialog: tongues.
dialog: He is unlike anyone she has ever met.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Listen, Maslow is on our side.
dialog: He's going to try to help you.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: It's too late. All that matters
dialog: is the Rihla. Get the manuscript
dialog: before they get here.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: The Hanta Kirra?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Hurry.
scene_heading: 87 INT. SAFE-HOUSE GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 87
text: Mika rushes up to Maslow who is talking to the group of
dialog: Europols.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Ryan, can I talk to you?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: We have to do this again, Coretti?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: No sir. I just...I have reason to
dialog: believe that a group of ninja may
dialog: be on their way here.
text: The men chuckle.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 71.
text: 87 CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I think these gentlemen can handle
text: a few whack-jobs wearing pajamas.
dialog: Am I right?
text: They ad-lib responses: Fucking' A sir... Locked, cocked
dialog: and ready to rock.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: See?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: But the situation we discussed-
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I'm working on that. You have to
dialog: give me a little time.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: We don't have time.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: They're not here now.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: They'll be here soon.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: How soon-
scene_heading: 88 INT. SAFE-HOUSE - VAULT - NIGHT 88
text: Raizo looks up. His eyes narrow: they're here.
scene_heading: 89 INT. SAFE-HOUSE GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 89
text: The lights go out.
text: Mika's eyes dart into the pitch, red emergency lights
text: suddenly glowing ominously.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Raizo--
text: Maslow spins as she sprints for the stairs.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Mika!
text: Maslow draws his firearm and hisses at one of the Special
dialog: Ops.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 71A.
text: 89 CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Go with her! Secure the prisoner!
text: Instantly, tiny LED flashlights and laser targeting
text: systems light up on automatic weapons. Night vision
text: goggles go up. Rather than panicking, the police are
text: instantly in stealth-mode, communicating with quick,
text: urgent hand gestures.
text: A handful of men splinter off for the vault while the
text: rest separate into teams with practiced precision, moving
text: through the safe-house, ready for whatever comes.
scene_heading: 89A INT. SAFE-HOUSE - VAULT - NIGHT 89A
text: Mika charges into the holding area, the detail of men
text: right at her heels.
speaker_heading: EUROPOL WATER GUARD
dialog: Hold your fire--
text: Raizo's guards release their aim.
speaker_heading: EUROPOL GUARD
dialog: Christ--
speaker_heading: EUROPOL WATER GUARD
dialog: Good way to get yourself killed,
dialog: Agent Coretti.
speaker_heading: EUROPOL #2
dialog: What the fuck's with the lights?
speaker_heading: EUROPOL GUARD
dialog: We got some guys in pajamas comin'
dialog: to play spin the bottle.
text: One of them lifts a shotgun.
speaker_heading: EUROPOL #2
dialog: Huh huh. I got something they can
text: wrap their lips around.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I don't have time for this shit.
dialog: We have to move the prisoner.
text: In the back of his cell, Raizo's head lifts at the sound
text: of Mika's voice.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Mika!
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 71B.
text: 89A CONTINUED: 89A
speaker_heading: EUROPOL WATER GUARD
dialog: No ma'am. Those aren't our orders.
text: Raizo calls from behind the reinforced door.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: You've got to get out of here!
text: She calls to his cell.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Not without you.
text: Raizo's voice hangs in the gloom.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Then we all die together.
scene_heading: 89B INT. SAFE-HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 89B
text: One of the teams edges through the decay of the
text: dilapidated industrial cavern.
text: Straining through the eyepiece of his goggles one of them
text: mutters.
speaker_heading: EUROPOL AGENT 2
dialog: Don't see shit--
text: Ahead the point man motions and the men take up defensive
dialog: positions.
text: The point man creeps forward, a flicker of heat
text: fluttering in his IR-Optic.
speaker_heading: POINT MAN
dialog: Is that..?
text: Through the darkness we see that his infrared is actually
text: picking up the slow exhale of a ninja poised like a cobra
text: inches away just above him.
text: His blades flash--
text: And the detail of men recoil as their infrared sensors
text: light up, the point man cleft open in hot volcanic gore.
text: A cloud of shuriken spit out of the darkness and punch
text: into necks, faces, eyes. Ten of them fall like wheat
text: before a scythe. The rest fire hitting nothing.
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 71C.
scene_heading: 90 INT. SAFE-HOUSE - VAULT - NIGHT 90
text: The screams of dying men and gunfire shudder down the
text: gullet of the old concrete building.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Fuck me...
text: She watches as the men position themselves, pressing into
text: the black of the corridor. Thumbs flick safeties to hot.
text: A shriek pierces the silence, one of the agents suddenly
text: jerked from his feet like a puppet on a string.
text: They watch in IR as the agent falls to the ground in
dialog: several pieces.
speaker_heading: EUROPOL #2
dialog: What the fu--
text: #2's exclamation gets caught in the oozing slit that
text: opens in his throat.
text: The man guarding Raizo's cell door screams.
speaker_heading: EUROPOL GUARD
dialog: They're not showing up on IR!
text: He clicks his flashlight the beam glinting against a hail
text: of shuriken that pound into him, wounds flowering in
text: ribbons of red.
text: Mika watches as he lands wetly at her feet.
text: More screams and gunfire shake the shock from her.
text: She dives for the guard, frantic fingers clawing at the
text: key-chain clipped to his belt.
text: The remaining Europol Agents cluster together,
text: flashlights strobing spastically, while Mika slams
text: through Raizo's cell door.
text: She instantly goes to work on his leg irons.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Come on--come on--
text: Raizo's eyes narrow, the last of the Europol Agents
text: butchered by shadows.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Mika?
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 71D.
text: 90 CONTINUED: 90
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Shh!
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: I don't want to sound critical--
text: He can feel the rush of darkness.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Got it!
text: The leg irons click open and Raizo springs forward the
text: chain of his handcuffs catching a falling blade. He
text: twists and the ring of metal on metal is followed by the
text: dry snap of bone as Raizo breaks the ninja's neck.
text: She releases his handcuffs and they move quickly through
text: the glistening remains of the bodies, Raizo shielding her
text: from the darkness.
scene_heading: 90A INT. SAFE-HOUSE - SUBLEVEL - NIGHT 90A
text: The two sprint from a stairwell into a concourse, Raizo
text: stopping suddenly, sensing the presence of the Hanta-
dialog: Kirra.
text: He pushes her toward another set of stairs.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Go. Find Maslow.
text: He turns to facing the dark.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D)
dialog: Go quick.
text: She lurches up the stairs as the Hanta-Kirra descend on
text: him like a murder of crows.
scene_heading: 90B INT. SAFE-HOUSE - STAIRWELL - NIGHT 90B
text: Mika flies up the stairs taking the steps two at a time
text: rounding the next flight--
text: A beam of light flashing weapons rattling suddenly
text: trained on her.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Mika!
text: Her stomach finds its way into her throat.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 71E.
text: 90B CONTINUED: 90B
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Jesus Ryan--
text: Maslow rushes down to her, another agent scanning the
text: stairs above them.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I thought you were--
text: Mika's eyes widen as the agent on the flight above them
text: is ripped into the air replaced by a squall of red.
text: Maslow whirls as a blade suddenly pierces his side--
text: But before it can continue its deadly cut, Maslow catches
text: it in a bloody fist and fires into the shadows.
text: One of the Hanta-Kirra falls tumbling past them down the
text: stairs.
text: Maslow grunts as he rips the chain blade from his side.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Are you ok?
text: He nods, a bit woozy.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: I hope that wasn't my liver. Gonna
dialog: need that soon.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Come on.
scene_heading: 91 INT. SAFE-HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR 91
text: Sparks dance along the singing ringing blades, the melee
text: escalating in the darkness.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 72-73.
text: 91 CONTINUED: 91
text: Raizo meets the Hanta-Kirra in the air. Vaults from one
text: wall and door to another, spinning in and out of view as
text: he moves through the shadows.
text: The ninjas move with him, matching his speed and ferocity
dialog: and ability to disappear within the darkness.
text: Swords clash against chains and sword and walls. Sparks
text: fly and blood falls.
text: This is the first time we've seen Raizo turned loose.
text: But it's three on one...and Takeshi isn't a pushover.
text: Mika and Maslow slam through the exit into--
scene_heading: 92 INT. GARAGE - NIGHT 92
text: The building carpark. Mika suddenly stops.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Fuck!
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 74.
dialog: 92 CONTINUED: 92
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: The manuscript--
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: No Mika--
text: He is about to argue but wilts at her resolve.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Right...
text: He stuffs his car keys in her hand, trying not to let his
text: voice crack.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Two minutes. Keep it in gear.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Maslow--
text: He turns.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Tip-toe.
text: He opens the door retracing their steps into the dark.
text: Mika suddenly very alone manages a slow nervous pirouette
text: in the crypt-like garage, before skittering for Maslow's
dialog: sedan.
text: She slides in pulling the door shut behind her as quietly
dialog: as she can--
dialog: And waits.
scene_heading: 93 INT. SAFE-HOUSE - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 93
text: Maslow moves cautiously through the folds of midnight.
text: He hears the fighting before he can see it.
text: Raizo blocks a sword-thrust from Takeshi. Dodges around
text: a hail of shuriken. Uses his chain to drive another
dialog: Ninja back.
text: Takeshi rips free his left arm. Draws a short, angled
text: blade and brings it slashing down at Raizo's neck...
text: Raizo blocks the knife with his elbow, twists, throws
text: Takeshi twenty feet through the air. He recovers mid-
text: flight like a cat and regains his balance.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 75.
text: 93 CONTINUED: 93
text: From the darkness a ninja fires a dozen shuriken at him,
text: and at least three of the spinning blades find their
text: mark.
text: Raizo grunts at the impact, but vaults up and over a
text: counter and LEAPS through a window, crashing out to -
scene_heading: 94 INT. GARAGE - NIGHT 94
text: The surrounding shadows seem to press in on the car.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Come on, Ryan...
text: A figure darts in her periphery and her head whips around
text: craning all directions.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hurry the fuck up!
text: Ka-chunk-- she punches the lock.
text: Click-- the headlights flash on--
text: Ka-chick-- she chambers the Glock.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Motherfuckfuckfuck--
text: She twists the ignition and as the motor turns over--
text: The car's headlights explode, shattered by projectiles
text: that seem to materialize from the void.
text: Mika screams throwing the car into gear--
text: Peeling out toward the down ramp.
text: The car fishtails down level after level through the
text: oscillating light/dark of the dimly lit exit ramp.
text: Her eyes twitch from mirror to mirror when she sees up
text: ahead--
text: A shadow hanging in the corner of the tunnel like a
dialog: spider.
text: She ducks just as the front of the sedan is shredded by a
text: squall of stars.
text: The sedan rebounds into the light. Its hood and
text: windscreen looking as though it was gnawed on by a Great
dialog: White.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 76.
dialog: 94 CONTINUED: 94
text: Mika cranks the wheel tearing around a dark bend as--
text: Toom! Something lands on the roof of the car.
text: Above her she sees the distinct tips of the tiger claws
text: that have punctured the metal exterior of the car just as-
dialog: -
text: She passes under a light--
text: Revealing a crouching ninja staring right at her, through
text: the sun roof.
text: His blade whips from its sheath but before he can strike--
text: She jams the barrel of the Glock between the two tips of
text: one set of claws, right where his foot should be--
dialog: And fires.
text: A scream is followed by a gout of blood that washes over
dialog: the sunroof--
text: The ninja's body tumbling off the back of the car.
text: Maslow's gnarled sedan bottoms out in a starburst of
text: sparks as it corners into traffic.
text: Mika breathing heavy digs into her bag for her cell
dialog: phone.
text: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 95 INT. SAFE HOUSE - NIGHT 95
text: The lights are still dead. Maslow is with a team of
text: Europols moving through the stairwell. He talks quietly.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Ryan- I had to leave!
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Good, stay clear.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Do you have the map?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Not yet. We're heading upstairs
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Where's Raizo
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 77.
text: 95 CONTINUED: 95
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: He took off. We think they went
text: after him.
text: He looks into the surrounding shadows unsure.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. ROOFTOPS - NIGHT 96
text: Raizo parkours across the roofs, the Hanta Kirra close
text: behind.
text: Shuriken sizzle past; some missing, some lashing open
text: whip cuts across his flesh.
scene_heading: 97 EXT. WINGED VICTORY ROUNDABOUT - NIGHT 97
text: Raizo pulls free the shuriken in his side. Drops them to
text: the ground where they clatter back and forth like so much
text: tossed change. He looks up at winged victory silhouetted
text: against the moonlight.
text: And suddenly the ninja are on him.
text: Raizo blocks and parries. Counterattacks with a reverse
text: cut - and throws himself sideways as a truck comes
text: roaring down at him.
text: The truck fills the screen with lights and horns and
dialog: three tons of death.
text: Raizo cartwheels over the hood, forcing the Scarred Ninja
text: to leap the other way, and as he turns --
text: -- Raizo comes down on him, slashing his shoulder.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. WINGED VICTORY ROUNDABOUT - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 98
dialog: The fight is now two one against one, and one of them is
text: Takeshi. Their swords crash back and forth, sending
text: sparks flying.
text: Raizo is tired, already wounded by the shuriken...
text: With a cry, he hurls a second Ninja back and spins to
dialog: face Takeshi...
text: Too late. Takeshi's blade gets under his guard. Opens
text: up Raizo's side.
text: His sword is ripped free from his hand, rebounds off a
text: speeding sedan and clatters to the ground thirty feet
dialog: away.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 78.
text: 98 CONTINUED: 98
text: Raizo stumbles backward. Life's blood dripping down and
text: splattering on the concrete.
text: Takeshi raises his sword high. Smiles.
speaker_heading: TAKESHI
dialog: This is the end for you, brother.
text: Mika's car slashes across the width of the street
text: screeching to a stop next to Raizo. The door snaps open.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Raizo!
text: Raizo gets into the car. Collapses into the seat, arms
text: wrapped tight around the ugly wound in his side. She
text: peels away before the others can stop her.
text: Mika carves a path through the traffic, driving as fast
text: as she can. Eager to get more miles between them and the
dialog: ninjas.
text: Raizo lets out a gasp as the car goes over a bump. His
text: shirt is drenched with his own blood.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: What were you doing in the
dialog: street?!
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: ...waiting for you...
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: You have to go to a hospital.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: No. Not a hospital. Another
dialog: place.
text: The car speeds into the night.
scene_heading: 99 EXT. HERBALIST - NIGHT 99
text: The sort of store where the owner lives above the shop.
text: Mika pounds on the door as a LIGHT comes on in the floor
text: above. A moment later, the door opens.
speaker_heading: HERBALIST
dialog: What is it? What --
text: He steps out of the way as Mika helps Raizo in, bloody
dialog: and half-dead.
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 79.
scene_heading: 100 INT. HERBALIST - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 100
text: Herbalist places herbs into a hand-grinder as Raizo
text: staggers through the rows of bowls, grabbing what he
text: needs and handing it to her.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: ...dong-xia leaves...three of the
dialog: lo-chan...dragon root...
speaker_heading: HERBALIST
dialog: You should not mix these. Very
dialog: dangerous.
text: Raizo ignores him. Gives her some more dried bits and
text: pieces. The herbalist shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HERBALIST (CONT'D)
dialog: If you are in pain...if you wish
dialog: to die...there are other ways,
dialog: this will be agony --
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: No...it will save me....
speaker_heading: HERBALIST
dialog: It will? You're sure?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let me write this down.
text: He goes to find a pen and paper as Mika grinds away.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Hot water.
text: She goes to a tea kettle, pours water into the bowl. He
text: reaches for it, and nearly collapses.
text: She helps him raise the cup to his lips. Tilts it and
text: watches him drink. Takes the empty cup away from him.
text: Raizo shudders as the drugs course through him.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to sleep now...a day at
dialog: least.
text: His eyelids flutter. She's holding him up now - muscles
text: already loosening.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: A day?!? What should I do?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: ...keep moving...
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 80.
dialog: 100 CONTINUED: 100
text: He slumps over the counter like a child dropping into
dialog: deepest sleep as --
text: -- the herbalist comes back, pen and paper in hand. He
text: pauses as he sees Mika standing over Raizo. She looks
dialog: from him to Raizo and back again, then:
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I'll have him to go.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can you...help me to the car?
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 101 EXT. AUTOBAHN - NIGHT 101
dialog: Mika is the proverbial bat outta hell.
text: Her phone is at her ear.
text: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 102 INT. SAFE-HOUSE - NIGHT 102
text: The lights are back on but the place is trashed.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Mika, where are you?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Moving. He told me to keep
text: moving.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: He's still alive?
text: She glances at his slumped body.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: After a fashion.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Let us bring you in.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Not this time.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Mika, the situation's a little
dialog: different. Jurisprudence goes out
dialog: the fucking window when my men get
dialog: attacked.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 81.
dialog: 102 CONTINUED: 102
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Do you have the manuscript?
text: He takes a breath.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: ...negative. They got to my
text: office. Everything's gone.
text: The news crushes her.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Mika, it's gonna be all right.
dialog: We'll find them.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: ...but I promised...
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: We'll keep your promise. They're
dialog: too many people involved now.
dialog: It's just a matter of time.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I don't think we have much time...
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Just tell me where you are.
text: She hangs up.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Mika? Mika? Dammit.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. HIGHWAY MOTEL PARKING LOT - NIGHT 103
text: The car is parked outside the same hotel that he took her
dialog: too.
scene_heading: 104 INT. HIGHWAY MOTEL ROOM/BATHROOM - NIGHT 104
text: She steps out of the shower and dries herself with an
dialog: evergreen branch.
scene_heading: 105 INT. HIGHWAY MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 105
text: In the bedroom, Raizo is sprawled out on the bed.
text: She is wearing new clothes. She takes a drag on a
text: cigarette then passes the smoke over her body.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 82.
dialog: 105 CONTINUED: 105
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: I know you can't hear me, so I'm
dialog: sure this doesn't matter, but I'm
dialog: going to say it anyway.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm a forensic researcher, okay?
dialog: That's like a fancy way of saying
dialog: I'm a librarian. By myself I
dialog: can't do anything to help you.
text: She opens her fist; inside is the tracking device Maslow
dialog: gave her.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: I wanted to think you for saving
dialog: my life.
text: Bending over him, she kisses him gently.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: And I hope you can forgive me for
dialog: this.
scene_heading: 106 INT. MASLOW'S OFFICE - NIGHT 106
text: There's a crowd of other OFFICIALS there, having turned
text: the place into a makeshift command and control center.
text: An AIDE rushes in from an adjoining room, goes to Maslow.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Agent Maslow, the tracking device--
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: You've got a lock?
speaker_heading: AIDE
text: Triangulating her position now.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. HIGHWAY MOTEL ACROSS PARKING LOT - NIGHT 107
text: Mika watches from the trees as a shadow comes to life on
text: the balcony outside their room. It pauses as if sensing
dialog: something.
scene_heading: 108 INT. HIGHWAY MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 108
text: Raizo lies alone. The heavy shadows begin to undulate as
text: the Hanta-Kirra emerge.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 83.
text: 108 CONTINUED: 108
text: Takeshi's eyes gleam the way a blade gleams.
scene_heading: 109 EXT. HIGHWAY MOTEL PARKING LOT - DAWN 109
text: Police and Europol cars scream up to the hotel.
scene_heading: 110 EXT/INT. HIGHWAY MOTEL ROOM - DAWN 110
text: A moment later the door bursts open; Maslow and his men
text: pour into the bedroom.
text: The bed is empty. Raizo is gone.
text: Mika is sitting in the chair.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: They took him. Ten minutes ago.
dialog: He's gone.
text: Maslow embraces her.
scene_heading: 111 FLASHBACK - INT ORPHANAGE DORMITORY - NIGHT 111
text: There is a furious storm raging outside the thin
text: screened walls.
text: Raizo is watching Kiriko who seems to be sleeping.
text: In a flash of lightning, her eyes open and she stares at
text: him and he feels in hi heart what she is saying goodbye.
text: The flashing ends and as the thunder booms, she is gone,
text: melting quietly into the shadows.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: ...no!
scene_heading: 112 EXT. ORPHANAGE COURTYARD/WALL - NIGHT 112
text: Two shadows race through sheets of rain, visible in
text: flashes of lightning.
text: He catches her near the base of the wall.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Kiriko! You can't leave!
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: I have to.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 84.
text: 112 CONTINUED: 112
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Because my heart is telling me
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: The Hanta Kirra will come for you.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Then they will come.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: You know the law. He will cut your
dialog: heart from your chest.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: No...He can never touch my heart.
text: She puts his hand on her chest, then leans in and kisses
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO (CONT'D)
dialog: Come with me.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Where? What is out there?
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Life.
dialog: He cannot imagine what that life might be.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: ...My life is here.
text: She bows her head and turns.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you doing this?
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Because I can't watch you become
dialog: something you are not.
text: She races for the wall.
text: He watches her climb...And disappear.
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 84A.
scene_heading: 113 INT. METAL BOX - NIGHT 113
text: Raizo drifts on the edge of consciousness. He can sense
text: some light filtering through the edges and air holes.
text: The air begins to smell familiar.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (V.O.)
dialog: We have been betrayed.
scene_heading: 114 FLASHBACK - EXT. ORPHANAGE COURTYARD - DAY 114
text: The clan is gathered outside, the sun beats down on the
text: Spartan courtyard.
text: Kiriko's body is twisted, bound to a pole like one of the
dialog: Bonsai trees.
text: Ozunu delivers his eulogy.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: A child of mine, my daughter,
dialog: betrayed us. She refused these
dialog: gifts. Rejected our clan.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 85.
text: 114 CONTINUED: 114
text: Raizo stands among the clan; his face a mask.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Hers is a shame that can only be
text: purged with blood.
text: He unsheathes the ancient Wakizashi, then offers the hilt
dialog: to Takeshi.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: You who returned her shall have
dialog: this honor.
text: Takeshi hides a smile as he takes the blade.
text: Kiriko looks out into the clan and finds Raizo. He can
text: hear her heart pounding.
text: Takeshi knows where she is looking as he prepares to
dialog: strike.
text: Blood pounds in Raizo's ears.
text: The sword plunges into her heart. Raizo hears it die-
text: And feels his own heart stop.
scene_heading: 115 INT. ORPHANAGE COURTYARD - NIGHT 115
text: A bucket of water slaps Raizo awake.
text: He's bound to a pole in the middle of the courtyard by
text: thick rope that bites into his flesh.
text: Ozunu stands before him, as well as the rest of the clan,
text: down to the youngest of them. Watching silently.
text: He looks the same as he has in the flashbacks - except
text: that now an ugly scar runs diagonally across the length
text: of his face. Trace of Raizo's blade from atop the
dialog: building in Dubai.
text: When he speaks, Ozunu is speaking for the benefit of the
dialog: rest of the clan as to Raizo.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: You are Ozunu. Your life is
dialog: meaningless compared to the
dialog: survival of the Clan. This is our
dialog: deepest truth. Because of it, we
dialog: have endured for hundreds of
dialog: years, and will endure for
dialog: hundreds more.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 86.
text: 115 CONTINUED: 115
text: He looks to the rest, pounding the message home. The
text: message that says hope and escape are futile.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Weakness compels strength.
dialog: Betrayal begets blood. This is
dialog: the way of the Nine Clans.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is the way of the Ninja.
text: He looks back at Raizo, approaching slowly. Taking his
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: I have waited many years for this
dialog: moment. I have dreamed it, many
dialog: times.
text: He hits Raizo. Hard.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: You will suffer for seven days,
dialog: one day for each year you defied
dialog: me.
text: He takes a knife, and very carefully cuts out a very
text: small piece of Raizo's flesh, from the upper arm. Raizo
text: doesn't cry out.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: For seven days, we
dialog: will...take...from you, as I have
dialog: just done. Everyone here will
dialog: take from you. Piece by piece.
dialog: You will live through it all, you
dialog: will feel through it all. You
text: will watch as the birds fight over
dialog: the pieces.
text: He STRIKES Raizo as he did long ago, his hand jutting
text: deep inside gut, flicking switches of nerves that cause
text: instant agony. This time Raizo does cry out.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: You will know pain like no other
dialog: human being has ever known.
text: He twists something in Raizo's belly and violent spasms
text: wrack the young man's body. Blood burbles up through his
text: mouth and flows down his chin.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 87.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: (2) 115
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Your death will be remembered for
dialog: a thousand years as a testament to
dialog: the will and strength of the Ozunu
dialog: Clan.
text: One last gouge in Raizo's stomach sends a heaving shudder
text: through him.
text: Confident, victorious, Ozunu turns and walks a few steps
dialog: away as --
text: -- Raizo coughs up a bloody wad onto the clean floor.
text: Takeshi smiles at this, then looks more closely, seeing
text: something amidst the bile...
speaker_heading: TAKESHI
dialog: Father...
text: Ozunu looks down and sees a tiny steel cylinder. A
text: single LED light blinking through the gore.
text: He nudges it with his foot...and TIME SLOWS DOWN as he
text: realizes what he's looking at. He slowly raises his eyes
dialog: --
text: -- and meets Raizo's gaze as suddenly --
text: -- EXPLOSIONS rock the orphanage's centuries-old gate.
text: A reinforced military Humvee crashes through the cloud of
text: splintering timber with a roar and an explosion of
text: blinding lights.
text: The Ozunu Clan scatters as the massive vehicle heaves
text: into the courtyard, revealing behind it still more
text: vehicles, all equipped with brilliant lights.
text: The ninjas take to the shadows, trying to melt away, but
text: the shadows are gone. There's no place for the ninjas to
text: hide anymore. We FIND Mika and Maslow in one of the lead
text: vehicles as --
text: -- Takeshi draws his blade in a smooth arc, raising it
text: over Raizo's helpless form.
text: Maslow takes aim with his submachine gun and squeezes off
text: a long burst.
text: Takeshi blocks some of the slugs with his sword and
text: dodges the others. He slides into one of the few
text: remaining shadows.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 88.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: (3) 115
text: One of the soldiers sees him making a break for it and
text: fires an incendiary grenade.
text: The explosion sends incandescent white phosphorous
text: splashing through the courtyard, but Takeshi is gone.
text: They prepare to fire another one when Maslow comes on the
dialog: run.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: No more grenades, not until we get
dialog: the children out!
text: But some parts of the orphanage are already on fire, the
text: flames spreading through the ancient timbers.
text: The carnage continues.
text: Maslow fires at the fleeing ninjas as Mika rushes for
text: Raizo, pistol in hand.
text: One of the MP's screams as a shuriken rips open his face
text: as other Mps FIRE back at the ninja, tearing him apart
text: with gunfire.
text: Mika makes it to Raizo's side.
text: He smiles at her as she saws through the rope with her
dialog: knife.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: What took you?
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: You knew I'd come?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Just because I was asleep doesn't
dialog: mean I couldn't hear you.
text: Mika finishes with the rope. Raizo pulls free and
text: reaches for a fallen ninja's sword and chain.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D)
dialog: And I forgive you.
text: Mika looks back at the sound of GUNFIRE tearing apart
text: another ninja. When she looks back --
text: -- Raizo is gone.
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 89.
scene_heading: 116 INT. ORPHANAGE KITCHEN/DINING/DORMITORY/DOJO - NIGHT 116
text: The fires are ripping through the interior, leaping from
dialog: bamboo furniture to paper shoji screens to polished
text: wooden floors as --
text: -- Raizo kicks down the burning wall of the empty dorm,
text: the futons smoldering.
text: Raizo continues into the next hall to find --
text: -- Takeshi waiting for him. An apparition in the
text: wavering blaze of heat, silhouetted against a wall of
text: fire.
speaker_heading: TAKESHI
dialog: Come, little brother, let us play
dialog: like old times
text: They spring at other. Meeting in the middle of the
text: hallway as the flames dance around them...recalling the
dialog: lanterns they used to fight through, in the days of their
dialog: training.
text: Their weapons ring out a frenzied drum roll of steel on
text: steel. Neither giving an inch. Evenly matched in skill
text: and ferocity. Locking together for a moment Takeshi
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: TAKESHI (CONT'D)
dialog: No death tasted as sweet as hers.
text: Raizo's back glistens orange in the firelight, sweat
text: pouring as he strains, attacks, defends and attacks
dialog: again.
text: Takeshi jumps over them, twists mid-air and ducks low
text: beneath Raizo's swinging chain as --
text: -- Raizo stumbles back on the polished floor, blocking
text: Takeshi's attack, but --
text: -- Takeshi catches his wrist in an iron grip. As he
text: brings his sword around, Raizo gets a loop of chain
text: around the blade and locks it tight.
text: Both men spin in their sudden embrace. Faces inches from
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: TAKESHI (CONT'D)
dialog: I watched you die when I pierced
dialog: her heart. You have always been
dialog: too weak to be Ozunu.
text: Takeshi's finger trips a hidden button on the sword.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 90.
text: 116 CONTINUED: 116
text: The blade retracts back through the handle and a yard of
text: steel jolts out from the hilt of Takeshi's sword.
text: He moves to slam it into Raizo's side...but Raizo FLIPS
text: over him, holding onto the hilt and as he lands he --
text: -- DRIVES the steel into Takeshi's heart. He still
text: stands for a BEAT, more by inertia than will, then
text: slumps, dead, to the floor.
text: Raizo stalks down the hall. One last task ahead of him.
scene_heading: 117 INT. ORPHANAGE OZUNU HOUSE NIGHTINGALE FLOOR/MASTERS 117
scene_heading: ROOM/ASSEMBLY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Raizo walks across the Nightingale floor, his bloody
text: footprints moving soundlessly.
text: From the shadows he hears Ozunu's voice
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: You have not forgotten your
dialog: training. You will always be
dialog: mine, child.
text: Raizo stops, considers this, then continues; his
text: footsteps now bringing every sound possible.
text: Ozunu steps out of the darkness, as though shrugging off
text: a cloak of midnight.
speaker_heading: OZUNU (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps this is the best way for
dialog: you to die.
text: His blade rises as like a Cobra's hood, while the chain
text: blade begins to spin.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: The breath I take after you are
dialog: dead, will be the first of my
dialog: life.
text: Raizo unleashes all his fury: The chain cutting with the
text: power of an enormous buzz saw--
dialog: Hacking timbers in half--
text: Carving scars in the floors and walls--
text: Braziers are thrown, fumes begin to spread but--
text: Ozunu blocks or evades, absorbing the assault patiently
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 91.
text: 117 CONTINUED: 117
text: Waiting for Raizo to tire, waiting for an opening.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. ORPHANAGE - COURTYARD - NIGHT 118
text: A portion of the Orphanage's wall burns through. Mika
text: spots Raizo through the flames.
text: She runs for him.
scene_heading: 119 INT. ORPHANAGE OZUNU HOUSE ASSEMBLY ROOM - NIGHT 119
text: Raizo begins to weaken. An attack misses wrapping a beam
dialog: and Ozunu has his opening-
text: His assault is ferocious.
text: Wounds begin opening like windows shears of blood
text: billowing out.
text: Raizo retreats, his chain just blocking, catching, or
text: deflecting the whirlwind attack until--
text: One sound cuts through the furious fight.
text: Snap-zoom to Ozunu's ear as--
text: The hammer is cocked, a cylinder spinning into place.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Die you fuck!
text: She fires and Ozunu twists enough so that the bullet
text: grazes him.
speaker_heading: OZUNU
dialog: Bitch!
text: A scatter shot of shurikens send her diving to the floor.
text: But the distraction gives Raizo his chance.
text: The blade whistles, the chain snaps and blood arcs out of
dialog: Ozunu.
text: Rage thunders the hall.
text: Mika gets back up and aims but--
text: Ozunu seems to pull the shadows and smoke around him as
text: he disappears.
speaker_heading: MIKA
speaker_heading: Raizo
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 92.
dialog: 119 CONTINUED: 119
text: She cannot see him.
text: Ozunu's attack hits Raizo with the force of a bomb burst,
text: his blade shatters through Raizo's chain--
text: Hurling him back, petals of blood fluttering from his
text: chest.
text: Raizo tries to recover, his chain now in two pieces.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Mika! Run!
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Where is he? I can't see him!
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Get away!
text: Ozunu emerges from the smoke behind her, a wraith. His
text: eyes are as black as the sockets of a skull.
text: She spins around but is too late.
text: The ancient blade runs straight through her chest just as-
dialog: -
text: Raizo finds them.
text: He sees Kiriko, the same blade taking her life and howls--
text: His pain a force of nature unleashed.
text: The chain blades crackle in the air-
text: Dual cyclones that batter Ozunu's parrying blade which-
text: Finally shatters against Raizo's fury.
text: And with a final scream, Raizo lunges at his master, the
text: whistling blades lazering through his body until he
text: separates, pieces hanging in mid-air, like an unstitched
dialog: rag doll.
text: Raizo throws down the blood slick blades and--
text: --hurries to Mika's side. He picks Mika up and walks
text: through the falling timbers and blazing shards to the
text: door.
scene_heading: 120 EXT. ORPHANAGE COURTYARD - NIGHT 120
text: The fighting is over now. All the combatant ninjas dead
dialog: or long gone.
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 93.
text: 120 CONTINUED: 120
text: Maslow sees Raizo emerge from the smoke and flames,
text: carrying Mika in his arms.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Mika!
text: He runs to her side as Raizo lays her gently on the
text: ground.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: She saved my life.
text: Raizo puts his hand on her chest. Closes his eyes. We
text: can FEEL her heart-beat. Bump-thump. Bump-thump.
text: Raizo opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (CONT'D)
dialog: She will be all right.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: How can you be sure?
text: Raizo touches her face as she takes in a sudden breath.
text: He smiles distantly.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: Her heart is special.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: Medic! Over here now!
text: Several medics rush to them, Raizo gently laying her on
text: the stretcher.
text: As they immediately begin working on her, Raizo fades
dialog: back.
text: Maslow remains at her side.
text: Her eyes flutter open.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: Is she going to be okay?
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: I don't know...she's got a hole
text: right through the middle of her
dialog: heart...but shes not really
dialog: bleeding, that badly...
dialog: (CONTINUED)
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 94.
speaker_heading: 120 CONTINUED: (2) 120
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: My heart...
text: She points to the right side of her chest.
speaker_heading: MIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: ...is over here.
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: ...you gotta be fucking kidding
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MIKA
dialog: ...Raizo?
speaker_heading: MASLOW
dialog: He said you saved his life.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: MASLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: So you kept your promise. Can we
dialog: go home now?
scene_heading: 121 EXT. ORPHANAGE BONSAI GARDEN - DAY 121
text: Raizo stands among the bound trees.
speaker_heading: RAIZO (V.O.)
dialog: You shouldn't do that.
scene_heading: 122 FLASHBACK - EXT ORPHANAGE BONSAI GARDEN - DAY 122
text: Kiriko releases one of the trees.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: I believe the heart of a tree
dialog: knows which way it needs to grow.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 122A Raizo releases a tree. 122A
dialog: (V.O.)
dialog: Trees don't have hearts.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO (V.O.)
dialog: Everything has a heart.
speaker_heading: RAIZO
dialog: I don't.
text: CUT TO:
text: GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 95.
scene_heading: 123 FLASHBACK - EXT: ORPHANAGE BONSAI GARDEN - DAY 123
text: She listens to his heart.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Hello...hello in there. It said it
dialog: was happy to meet me and that it
dialog: missed you.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 124 EXT. ORPHANAGE COURTYARD/WALL - DAY 124
text: He stands and looks at the wall.
scene_heading: 125 FLASHBACK - EXT ORPHANAGE COURTYARD/WALL - NIGHT 125
text: The storm lashes against them.
speaker_heading: KIRIKO
dialog: Come with me!
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 126 EXT. ORPHANAGE COURTYARD/WALL - DAY 126
text: He begins to climb.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 127 FLASHBACK - EXT. ORPHANAGE WALL - NIGHT 127
text: She kisses him.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 128 EXT. ORPHANAGE WALL - DAY 128
text: We hear his heartbeat. Bump-thump Bump-thump.
text: As he stands on the edge of the wall.
text: In the next moment he is gone-
dialog: And finally, free.
text: FADE OUT.
text: 
