dialog: 
speaker_heading: NIXON
speaker_heading: BY
scene_heading: STEPHEN J. RIVELE,
scene_heading: CHRISTOPHER WILKINSON
scene_heading: AND OLIVER STONE
text: A PROLOGUE APPEARS on a black screen:
dialog: "This film is an attempt to understand the truth of Richard
dialog: Nixon, thirty-seventh president of the United States. It
dialog: is based on numerous public sources and on an incomplete
dialog: historical record.
dialog: In consideration of length, events and characters have been
text: condensed, and some scenes among protagonists have been
dialog: conjectured."
text: On a portable screen we read the famous words from Matthew:
dialog: "What shall it profit a man if he shall gain the whole
dialog: world and lose his own soul?" This FADES into:
text: A BLACK AND WHITE 16-mm sales training FILM. At the
text: moment, the sales manager, BOB, is chatting with EARL, a
dialog: rookie salesman.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Sure you've got a great product, Earl.
dialog: But you have to remember what you're
dialog: really selling.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Yourself.
scene_heading: INT. WATERGATE HOTEL - CONFERENCE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Seven men in shirts and ties are seated around a table in a
text: darkened room. They are smoking Cuban cigars, idly
text: watching the film.
scene_heading: TITLE: "JUNE 17, 1972." Then: "THE WATERGATE HOTEL"
text: A BUSBOY yawns as he clears away the remains of dinner. A
text: WAITER starts pouring Margaritas from a pitcher.
text: A balding man in his early fifties tosses a five onto the
text: table. He is HOWARD HUNT.
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: Just leave it.
text: The waiter puts down the pitcher, picks up the five, and
text: follows the busboy out of the room.
text: The moment the door closes behind them, GORDON LIDDY is on
text: his feet, locking the door. OTHER MEN are visible, putting
text: on jackets, securing technical equipment from briefcases
text: and bags. They are: FRANK STURGIS, BERNARD BARKER, EUGENIO
scene_heading: MARTINEZ, VIRGILIO GONZALES, and JAMES MCCORD.
speaker_heading: LIDDY
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: Zero-one-twenty-one. Mark.
text: Sturgis rolls his eyes, drains his Margarita. Liddy pulls
text: a wad of cash from his pocket, starts passing out hundred
text: dollar bills to his men.
speaker_heading: LIDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Just in case you need to buy a cop.
dialog: But don't spend it all in one place.
dialog: We're going to do McGovern's office
dialog: later tonight.
text: McCord shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LIDDY (CONT'D)
text: Orders from the White House, partner.
text: Liddy bypasses Hunt, who is browsing a folded Spanish
dialog: language paper.
speaker_heading: LIDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Howard ... What the hell? What're you
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: Dogs ... Season starts tomorrow.
dialog: (off Liddy's look)
dialog: It keeps me calm. I don't like going
text: back into the same building four
dialog: times.
text: Liddy mutters something didactic in German.
speaker_heading: HUNT (CONT'D)
dialog: Mein Kampf?
speaker_heading: LIDDY
dialog: (translates into English)
dialog: "A warrior with nerves of steel is yet
text: broken by a thread of silk."
dialog: Nietzsche.
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: Personally I'd prefer a greyhound with
text: a shot of speed.
speaker_heading: LIDDY
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Remember -- listen up! Fire team
dialog: discipline is there at all times.
dialog: Keep your radios on at all times
dialog: during the entire penetration. Check
dialog: yourselves. Phony ID's, no wallets,
dialog: no keys. We rendezvous where? The
dialog: Watergate, Room 214. When? At zero
dialog: three-hundred.
speaker_heading: STURGIS
dialog: Yawohl, mein fartenfuhrer.
speaker_heading: LIDDY
text: (narrowing, waving his gun)
dialog: Don't start with me, Frank, I'll make
dialog: you a new asshole.
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: (rising past them)
dialog: Let's get the fuck out of here, shall
dialog: we, ladies?
speaker_heading: LIDDY
dialog: Anything goes wrong, head for your
dialog: homes, just sit tight -- you'll hear
dialog: from me or Howard.
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Personally, I'll be calling the
dialog: President of the United States.
text: A nervous chuckle as Hunt follows Liddy out the main door.
text: The rest exit through the door behind the screen.
text: The FILM is ending. Bob puts a hand on Earl's shoulder.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: And remember, Earl: Always look 'em in
dialog: the eye.
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: Nothing sells like sincerity.
text: A BLACK SCREEN as the film rattles out, followed by a RADIO
text: REPORT over the darkened room, the sounds of doors closing.
speaker_heading: RADIO REPORT (V.O.)
text: Five men wearing surgical gloves and
text: business suits, and carrying cameras
dialog: and electronic surveillance equipment,
dialog: were arrested today in the
dialog: headquarters of the Democratic
dialog: National Committee in Washington.
dialog: They were unarmed.
dialog: Nobody knows yet why they were there
dialog: or what they were looking for...
scene_heading: FADE IN TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE WHITE HOUSE - NIGHT (1973)
text: TITLES RUN - A raw November night. We are looking through
text: the black iron bars of the fence towards the facade of the
text: Executive Mansion. A LIGHT is on in a second floor room.
text: We move towards it through the bars, across the lawn. Dead
text: leaves blow past. A SUBTITLE READS: "NOVEMBER 1973"
text: A black LIMOUSINE slides up to the White House West Wing.
text: An armed GUARD with a black DOBERMAN approaches.
text: The window opens slightly. The Guard peers in. Then, he
text: opens the door.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Good evening, General Haig.
text: GENERAL ALEXANDER HAIG gets out, walks up the steps. He
text: carries a manila envelope. As he enters the White House,
text: we hear an AUDIO MONTAGE of NEWS REPORTERS from the
text: previous year. The VOICES fade in and out, overlap.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: Judge John Sirica today sentenced the
dialog: Watergate burglars to terms ranging
dialog: from up to forty years ... The White
dialog: House continues to deny any
dialog: involvement ...
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - VESTIBULE - NIGHT
text: HAIG enters, starts up the stairs. The mansion is dark,
text: silent. Like a tomb.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: Presidential counsel John Dean
dialog: testified before the Senate Watergate
dialog: Committee that the scandal reaches to
dialog: the highest levels ...
text: MOVING: A low-angle shot of Haig's spit-shined shoes moving
text: down the long corridor of the second floor of the
dialog: Residence.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Presidential aides Haldeman and
dialog: Ehrlichman were ordered to resign
dialog: today ... In a stunning announcement,
dialog: White House aid Alexander Butterfield
dialog: revealed the existence of a secret
dialog: taping system ...
text: CLOSE: on the manila envelope in Haig's hand.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The President has fired the Watergate
dialog: Special Prosecutor, Archibald Cox,
dialog: provoking the gravest constitutional
dialog: crisis in American history ...
text: Haig stops at the door, quietly knocks. No answer.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Judge Sirica has ordered the President
dialog: to turn over his tapes ...
text: Haig opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - LINCOLN SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is small, austere, dominated by a portrait of
text: LINCOLN over the fireplace. HAIG stands in the doorway,
text: holding the envelope.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: These are the tapes you requested, Mr.
dialog: President.
text: RICHARD NIXON is in shadow, silhouetted by the fire in the
text: hearth. The air-conditioning is going full blast.
text: Haig crosses the room, opens the envelope, takes out a reel
text: of tape.
text: Nixon sits in a small armchair in a corner. A Uher tape
text: recorder and a headset are on an end table at his elbow.
text: Next to it is a large tumbler of Scotch.
text: Haig hands the envelope containing the tapes to Nixon.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: This is June twentieth?
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: It's marked. Also there's June twenty
dialog: third. And this year -- March twenty
dialog: first. Those are the ones ...
text: Nixon squints at the label in the firelight.
speaker_heading: HAIG (CONT'D)
dialog: ... the lawyers feel ... will be the
dialog: basis of the ... proceedings.
text: Nixon tries to thread the tape.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Nixon's never been any good with these
dialog: things.
text: He drops the tape on the floor.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Cocksucker!
text: Haig picks up the tape. Then he steps to the table,
text: reaches for the lamp.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Do you mind?
text: Nixon gestures awkwardly. Haig turns on the lamp. For the
text: first time we can see Nixon's face: he hasn't slept in
text: days, dark circles, sagging jowls, five-o'-clock shadow.
text: He hates the light, slurs a strange growl -- the effect of
dialog: sleeping pills.
speaker_heading: HAIG (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: ... go on.
text: Haig threads the tape. Nixon, looking at it, remembers.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Y'know Al, if Hoover was alive
dialog: none of this would've happened. He
dialog: would've protected the President.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Mr. Hoover was a realist.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I trusted Mitchell. It was that damn
dialog: big mouth wife of his.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: At least Mitchell stood up to it.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Not like the others -- Dean, McCord,
dialog: the rest ... We never got our side of
dialog: the story out, Al. People've
dialog: forgotten. I mean: "Fuck you, Mr.
dialog: President, fuck you Tricia, fuck you
dialog: Julie!" and all that shit, just words,
dialog: but what violence! The tear gassing,
dialog: the riots, burning the draft cards,
dialog: Black Panthers -- we fixed it, Al, and
dialog: they hate me for it -- the double
dialog: dealing bastards. They lionize that
dialog: traitor, Ellsberg, for stealing
dialog: secrets, but they jump all over me
dialog: 'cause it's Nixon.
dialog: (repeats)
dialog: ... They've always hated Nixon.
text: Haig finishes threading.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: May I say something, Mr. President?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: There's no secrets here, Al.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: You've never been a greater example to
dialog: the country than you are now, sir, but
dialog: ... but you need to get out more, sir,
dialog: and talk to the people. No one I know
dialog: feels ... close to you.
text: Nixon looks at him, moved by his concern.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I was never the buddy-buddy type, Al.
dialog: You know, "Oh I couldn't sleep last
dialog: night, I was thinking of my mother who
dialog: beat me" -- all that kind of crap, you
dialog: know the psychoanalysis bag ... My
dialog: mother ... The more I'd spill my guts,
dialog: the more they'd hate me. I'd be what
dialog: ... pathetic! If I'd bugged out of
dialog: Vietnam when they wanted, do you think
dialog: Watergate would've ever happened? You
dialog: think the Establishment would've given
dialog: a shit about a third-rate burglary?
dialog: But did I? Quit? Did I pull out?
text: He stares, waits.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: No, sir, you did not.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Damn right. And there's still a
dialog: helluva lotta people out there who
dialog: wanna believe ... That's the point,
dialog: isn't it? They wanna believe in the
dialog: President.
text: He suddenly tires of talking, rubs his hands over his face.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: You're all set, sir. Just push this
dialog: button. Good night, Mr. President.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You know, Al, men in your profession
dialog: ... you give 'em a pistol and you
text: leave the room.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: I don't have a pistol.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: 'Night, Al.
text: Haig quietly closes the door. Nixon takes a generous slug
text: of Scotch. Then he looks down at the tape recorder. He
text: puts on the Uher headset, and hits the fast-forward button:
text: high-speed VOICES.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Goddamn!
text: He hits stop, puts on his eyeglasses, studies the recorder
text: for a moment. Pushes the "play" button. VOICES. Barely
text: audible at first. Nixon leans closer, listening.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TAPE) (CONT'D)
dialog: They did what?! I don't understand.
dialog: Why'd they go into O'Brien's office in
dialog: the first place?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN (ON TAPE)
dialog: Evidently to install bugs and
dialog: photograph documents.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. EXEC OFFICE BLDG - NIXON OFFICE - DAY (1972)
scene_heading: SUBTITLE READS: "JUNE 1972."
text: Nixon's hideaway office in the Executive Office Building.
text: BOB HALDEMAN, his crew-cut, hard-edged chief of staff, sits
text: across the desk, a folder open on his lap. Nixon, at his
text: desk, seems a healthier man than in the previous scene.
text: Also there are JOHN EHRLICHMAN, portly domestic advisor,
text: and JOHN DEAN, blond, gentrified, legal counsel.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: But O'Brien doesn't even use that
dialog: office. The Democrats've moved to
dialog: Miami. There's nothing there!
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: It was just a fishing expedition.
dialog: Apparently it was their fourth attempt
text: at the DNC.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Their fourth!
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: It's possible they were looking for
dialog: evidence of an illegal Howard Hughes
dialog: donation to the Democrats, so the
dialog: Democrats couldn't make an issue of
dialog: your Hughes money.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Contributions! It was a legal
dialog: contribution. Who the hell authorized
dialog: this? Colson?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Colson doesn't know about it; he's
dialog: pure as a virgin on this one. It's
dialog: just not clear the burglars knew what
dialog: they were looking for. They were
text: heading to McGovern's office later
dialog: that night.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Jesus! Did Mitchell know?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
text: Mitchell's out of his mind now.
text: Martha just put her head through a
text: plate-glass window.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Jesus! Through a window?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: It was her wrist. And it was through
text: a plate-glass door.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Anyway, they had to take her to
dialog: Bellevue. Maybe she'll stay this
dialog: time.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Martha's an idiot, she'll do anything
dialog: to get John's attention. If
dialog: Mitchell'd been minding the store
dialog: instead of that nut Martha we wouldn't
dialog: have that kid Magruder runnin' some
dialog: third-rate burglary! Was he smoking
dialog: pot?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Mitchell?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No! Magruder! That sonofabitch tests
dialog: my Quaker patience to the breaking
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: The bigger problem I see is this guy
dialog: who was arrested, McCord -- James
dialog: McCord -- he headed up security for
dialog: the Committee to Re-Elect. He turns
text: out to be ex-CIA.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: "Ex-CIA"? There's no such thing as
dialog: "ex-CIA," John -- they're all Ivy
dialog: League Establishment. Is he one of
dialog: these guys with a beef against us?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: McCord? ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Find out what the hell he was doing at
text: "CREEP." This could be trouble.
dialog: These CIA guys don't miss a trick.
dialog: This could be a set-up.
text: INTERCUTS of all of these people arise as the scene runs --
text: McCord, Liddy, Magruder, Mitchell, Martha, Hunt, etc.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (with a look to Ehrlichman)
dialog: We feel the bigger concern is Gordon
dialog: Liddy ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: That fruitcake! What about him?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Well, you know, sir, he's a nut. He
dialog: used to work here with the "Plumbers"
dialog: and now he's running this Watergate
dialog: caper. You remember his plan to
dialog: firebomb the Brookings using Cubans as
dialog: firemen? He wanted to buy a damned
dialog: fire truck! Magruder thinks he's just
dialog: nutty enough to go off the
dialog: reservation.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What's Liddy got?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Apparently he was using some campaign
dialog: cash that was laundered for us through
dialog: Mexico. The FBI's onto it. We could
dialog: have a problem with that.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: ... But it'll just be a campaign
dialog: finance violation ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: ... And if Liddy takes the rap for
dialog: Watergate, we can take care of him ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I don't have time for all this shit!
dialog: (to Haldeman)
dialog: Just handle it, Bob! Keep it out of
dialog: the White House. What else?
dialog: Kissinger's waiting -- he's gonna
dialog: throw a tantrum again if I don't see
text: him, threatening to quit ... again.
dialog: (sighs)
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Well, sir ... it turns out -- one of
dialog: the people implicated is still, you
dialog: see, on our White House payroll.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Who? Not another goddamn Cuban?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: No, sir. A guy named Hunt.
text: Nixon stops, stunned.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Hunt? Howard Hunt?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: He left his White House phone number
text: in his hotel room.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: He works for Colson. He used him on
dialog: the Pentagon Papers. We're trying to
dialog: figure out when he officially stopped
dialog: being a White House consultant. After
dialog: the arrest he dumped his wiretapping
text: stuff into his White House safe.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Howard Hunt is working for the White
dialog: House? No shit! This is goddamn
dialog: Disneyland! Since when?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Chappaquiddick. You wanted some dirt
text: on Kennedy. Colson brought him in.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You know Hunt, sir?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (perturbed)
dialog: On the list of horribles, I know what
dialog: he is. And I know what he tracks back
dialog: to.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You say he was involved in the
dialog: Plumbers?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
text: Definitely. Colson had him trying to
text: break into Bremer's apartment after
dialog: Bremer shot Wallace, to plant McGovern
dialog: campaign literature.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (lofty)
dialog: I had nothing to do with that. Was he
dialog: ... in the Ellsberg thing?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Yes, you approved it, sir.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I did?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: It was right after the Pentagon Papers
dialog: broke. They went in to get his
dialog: psychiatric records.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Fucking hell.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: We were working on China.
text: Nixon has a seat, shaken. He stares right at us, as we:
scene_heading: SHARP CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY (1971)
text: The PRESIDENT'S MEN are gathered in somber silence, sharing
text: front page copies of the New York Times. SUBTITLE READS:
scene_heading: "JUNE 1971 - A YEAR EARLIER"
scene_heading: INSERT HEADLINE: "Secret Pentagon Study Details Descent
dialog: into Vietnam"; "Pentagon Papers Expose Government Lies."
dialog: The technique we've established of an AUDIO MONTAGE of
text: REPORTER'S VOICES continues over the scene.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: The New York Times began publishing
dialog: today the first in a series of forty
dialog: seven volumes of top secret Pentagon
dialog: Papers relating to the war in Vietnam.
dialog: The papers reveal a systematic pattern
dialog: of government lies about American
dialog: involvement in the war ...
text: Nixon throws down the paper in disgust and attempts to feed
text: his Irish setter, KING TIMAHOE, a biscuit, as HENRY
text: KISSINGER paces the room, the most upset of all.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Mr. President, we are in a
dialog: revolutionary situation. We are under
dialog: siege -- Black Panthers, Weathermen;
dialog: The State Department under Rogers is
dialog: leaking like a sieve. And now this
dialog: insignificant little shit Ellsberg
dialog: publishing all the diplomatic secrets
dialog: of this country will destroy our
dialog: ability to conduct foreign policy.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (feeding the dog)
dialog: Here, Tim ... Tim. I'm as frustrated
dialog: as you, Henry, but don't you think
dialog: this one's a Democrat problem. They
dialog: started the war; it makes them look
dialog: bad.
text: Kissinger lowers his voice for effect, pounds the desk.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Mr. President, how we can look the
dialog: Soviets or the Chinese in the eye now
dialog: and have any credibility when any
dialog: traitor can leak! Even the
dialog: Vietnamese, tawdry little shits that
dialog: they are, will never -- never -- agree
dialog: to secret negotiations with us. This
dialog: makes you look like a weakling, Mr.
dialog: President.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: He's right about one thing, sir. I
dialog: spoke with Lyndon. This Pentagon
dialog: Papers business has knocked the shit
text: out of him. Complete collapse,
text: massive depression. He feels the
dialog: country is lost, that you as President
dialog: can't govern anymore.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Goddamn!
dialog: How long have we had this fucking
dialog: dog?! Two years, he still doesn't
dialog: come! We need a dog that looks happy
text: when the press is around.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Well, he's photogenic. Let's try dog
dialog: bones?
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: (end of his patience)
dialog: Mr. President, the Vietnamese, the
dialog: Russians ...
text: Nixon finally throws the biscuit at the dog, glares at
dialog: Kissinger.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (to Ehrlichman)
dialog: Fuck it! He doesn't like me, John!
dialog: (to Kissinger)
dialog: It's your fault, Henry.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: I beg your pardon --
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's your people who are leaking to
dialog: the Times. Wasn't this Ellsberg a
dialog: student of yours at Harvard? He was
dialog: your idea; why are you suddenly
dialog: running for cover?
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: He was, he was. We taught a class
dialog: together at Harvard. But you know
dialog: these back-stabbing Ivy League
dialog: intellectuals, they can't ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (cold)
dialog: No, Henry. I don't.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
text: He's turned into a drug fiend, he shot
dialog: people from helicopters in Vietnam, he
dialog: has sexual relations with his wife in
text: front of their children. He sees a
dialog: shrink in L.A. He's all fucked up.
dialog: Now he's trying to be a hero to the
dialog: liberals ... If he gets away with it,
dialog: everybody will follow his lead. He
dialog: must be stopped at all costs.
speaker_heading: COLSON
dialog: Sir, if I might?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Go, Chuck.
speaker_heading: COLSON
dialog: For three years now I've watched
dialog: people in this government promote
dialog: themselves, ignoring your orders,
dialog: embarrassing your administration. It
dialog: makes me sick! We've played by the
dialog: rules and it doesn't work!
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (to Nixon)
dialog: We can prosecute the New York Times,
dialog: go for an injunction ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... but it's not, bottom-line, gonna
dialog: change a goddamn thing, John. The
dialog: question is: How do we screw Ellsberg
dialog: so bad it puts the fear of God into
dialog: all leakers?
speaker_heading: COLSON
dialog: Can we link Ellsberg to the Russians?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Good, I like that. The other issue
dialog: is: How the hell do we plug these
dialog: leaks once and for all? Who the
dialog: hell's talking to the press?
text: (he looks directly at Henry)
dialog: Henry, for two goddamn years you've
dialog: put wiretaps on your own people.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: To protect you, Mr. President.
speaker_heading: COLSON
dialog: (interjects)
dialog: To protect yourself is more like it.
text: The pot calling the kettle ...
text: Kissinger throws Colson a vicious look, while Nixon ignores
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Who are you talking to like this, you
dialog: insignificant shit ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... and what do we get for it? Gobs
dialog: and gobs of bullshit, gossip, nothing!
text: Someone is leaking.
dialog: We've got to stop the leaks, Henry, at
dialog: any cost, do you hear me? Then we can
dialog: go for the big play -- China, Russia.
speaker_heading: COLSON
dialog: Mr. President, we can do this
dialog: ourselves. The CIA and the FBI aren't
dialog: doing the job. But we can create our
dialog: own intelligence unit -- right here,
text: inside the White House.
text: A slow move in on Nixon as he thinks about it.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Well, why not?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Our own intelligence capability -- to
dialog: fix the leaks?
speaker_heading: COLSON
dialog: Yeah, like the Plumbers.
text: Nixon smiles.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I like it. I like the idea.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Is it legal?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I mean has anyone ever done it before?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Sure. Lyndon, JFK, FDR -- I mean,
dialog: Truman cut the shit out of my
dialog: investigation of Hiss back in '48.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: It was illegal, what he did.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You know, this kinda thing, you gotta
dialog: be brutal. A leak happens, the whole
dialog: damn place should be fired. Really.
dialog: You do it like the Germans in World
dialog: War II. If they went through these
text: towns and a sniper hit one of them,
dialog: they'd line the whole goddamned town
dialog: up and say: "Until you talk you're all
dialog: getting shot." I really think that's
dialog: what has to be done. I don't think
dialog: you can be Mr. Nice-guy anymore ...
speaker_heading: COLSON
dialog: Just whisper the word to me, sir, and
dialog: I'll shoot Ellsberg myself.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: We're not the Germans, sir ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Ellsberg's not the issue. The
dialog: Pentagon Papers aren't the issue.
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: It's the lie.
text: A pause. Everyone in the room chews on this for a moment.
text: Mitchell, the oldest in the group, smokes on his pipe,
text: stone-faced.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: The lie?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You remember, John, in '48 -- no one
dialog: believed Alger Hiss was a communist.
dialog: Except me. They loved Hiss just like
dialog: they loved this Ellsberg character.
dialog: East Coast, Ivy League. He was their
dialog: kind. I was dirt to them. Nothing.
text: As they talk, a MONTAGE arises of ALGER HISS and the days
dialog: of old -- the photographs of the notorious 1948 Hiss case:
text: HISS, CHAMBERS, the YOUNGER NIXON with the microfilm; a
text: headline reading "HISS FOUND GUILTY"; TRUMAN, ELEANOR
text: ROOSEVELT, a beaming EISENHOWER shaking Nixon's hand.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: And Dick beat the shit out of them.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: But I wouldn't have if Hiss hadn't
dialog: lied about knowing Chambers. The
dialog: documents were old and out of date,
dialog: like these Pentagon Papers. The key
dialog: thing we proved was that Hiss was a
dialog: liar. Then people bought it that he
dialog: was a spy.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It's the lie that gets you.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Hiss was protecting his wife. I've
dialog: always believed that.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (cryptically)
dialog: When they know you've got something to
dialog: protect, that's when they fuck you!
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: What's this faggot, Ellsberg,
dialog: protecting?
speaker_heading: COLSON
dialog: His liberal elitist friends. His
dialog: Harvard-Ph.D.-I-shit-holier-than-thou
dialog: attitude.
text: Kissinger waits. Nixon acknowledges him. The camera is
text: moving tighter and tighter on the President. His
text: expression is furious, his words violent.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Alright, Henry -- we're gonna go your
dialog: way. Crush this Ellsberg character
dialog: the same way we did Hiss!
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: (interjects)
dialog: There's no other choice.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We're gonna hit him so hard he looks
dialog: like everything that's sick and evil
dialog: about the Eastern Establishment.
dialog: (to Colson)
dialog: You and your "plumbers" are gonna find
dialog: dirt on this guy -- let's see him
text: going to the bathroom in front of the
dialog: American public! And when we finish
dialog: with him, they'll crucify him!
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FIELDING PSYCHIATRIST OFFICE - NIGHT (1971)
scene_heading: SUBTITLE READS: "ELLSBERG'S PSYCHIATRIST'S OFFICE - 1971"
text: ANOTHER BREAK-IN is in effect. LIDDY in wig, thick
text: glasses, false teeth, and THREE CUBANS (Barker, Martinez
text: from Watergate, and de Diego, not at Watergate) are
text: visible, moving through, smashing up the office. In CLOSE
text: UPS, we see hands jerking open filing cabinets, pulling the
text: drawers out of desks.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: The Nixon Administration responded by
dialog: filing an injunction against the New
dialog: York Times to prevent further
dialog: publication ... President Nixon
dialog: condemned the Pentagon Papers as the
dialog: worst breach of national security in
dialog: U.S. history ... Daniel Ellsberg, who
dialog: leaked the papers, was charged today
dialog: in federal court ...
text: While this is going on, a powerful FLASHBULB keeps popping.
text: The photographer, looking for evidence, suddenly catches
text: his partner in the light, his startled face buried beneath
text: a 70's wig -- HOWARD HUNT. Hunt is pissed:
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: Fuck you -- gimme that fucking film!
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. EXEC OFFICE BLDG - NIXON OFFICE - DAY (1972)
scene_heading: RESUME - CLOSE on NIXON remembering Howard Hunt, as
text: HALDEMAN looks on.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Howard Hunt? ... Jesus Christ, you
dialog: open up that scab ... and you uncover
dialog: a lot of pus.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: What do you mean, sir?
text: Nixon chooses not to answer.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Where's Hunt now?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
text: In hiding. He sent Liddy to talk to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: He wants money.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Pay him.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Pay him? I told him to get out of the
dialog: country. It's crazy to start ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What the hell are you doing,
dialog: Ehrlichman? Screwing with the CIA? I
dialog: don't care how much he wants -- pay
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: But what are we paying him for?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Silence!
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: But, sir, you're covered -- no one
dialog: here gave orders to break into the
dialog: damned Watergate. We're clean. It's
dialog: only the Ellsberg thing, and if that
dialog: comes out, it's "national security."
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: "Security" is not strong enough.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: How about a COMINT classification? We
dialog: put it on the Huston plan. Even the
dialog: designation is classified.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: "National Priority."
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: "Priority?" How about "secret, top
dialog: secret"?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I was thinking "sensitive."
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: "National security priority restricted
dialog: and controlled secret."
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: We'll work on it. I say we cut
dialog: ourselves loose from these clowns and
dialog: that's all there is to it.
text: A beat. Nixon looks out at the Rose Garden.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's more than that. It could be more
dialog: than that. I want Hunt paid.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Uh, we've never done this before, sir
dialog: ... How do we pay? In ... hundreds?
dialog: (smirks)
dialog: Do you fill a black bag full of
dialog: unmarked bills?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: This is not a joke, John!
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We should set up a Cuban defense fund
dialog: on this; take care of all of them.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Should we talk to Trini about paying
dialog: these guys? Or maybe Chotiner?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No, keep Trini out of this.
dialog: Chotiner's too old. And for God's
dialog: sake, keep Colson out.
dialog: (including Dean)
dialog: It's time to baptize our young
dialog: counsel. That means Dean can never
dialog: talk about it. Attorney-client
dialog: privilege. Get to it. And Dean --
dialog: you stay close on this.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Yes, sir, don't worry --
text: Prompted, Ehrlichman and Dean leave. When the door closes:
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Bob, did I approve the Ellsberg thing?
dialog: You know, I'm glad we tape all these
dialog: conversations because ... I never
dialog: approved that break-in at Ellsberg's
dialog: psychiatrist. Or maybe I approved it
dialog: after the fact? Someday we've got to
text: start transcribing the tapes.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: You approved that before the fact,
dialog: because I went over it with you. But
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Uh, no one, of course, is going to see
dialog: these tapes, but ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: That's right, and it's more a problem
text: for Ehrlichman. He fixed Hunt up with
dialog: the phony CIA ID's, but ... what else
dialog: does Hunt have on us?
text: Again, Nixon chooses not to answer.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We've got to turn off the FBI. You
dialog: just go to the CIA, Bob, and tell
text: Helms that Howard Hunt is blackmailing
dialog: the President. Tell him that Hunt and
dialog: his Cuban friends know too damn much,
dialog: and if he goes public, it would be a
dialog: fiasco for the CIA. He'll know what
dialog: I'm talking about.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (still confused)
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Play it tough. That's the way they
dialog: play it and that's the way we're going
dialog: to play it. Don't lie to Helms and
dialog: say there's no involvement, but just
dialog: say this is sort of a comedy of
dialog: errors, bizarre, without getting into
dialog: it. Say the President believes it's
dialog: going to open up the whole Bay of Pigs
dialog: thing again. Tell Helms he should
dialog: call the FBI, call Pat Gray, and say
dialog: that we wish for the sake of the
dialog: country -- don't go any further into
dialog: this hanky-panky, period!
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: The Bay of Pigs? ... That was
dialog: Kennedy's screw-up. How does that
dialog: threaten us?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Just do what I say, Bob.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Yes, sir, but ... do you think Gray'll
dialog: go for it?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Pat Gray'll do anything we ask him.
dialog: That's why I appointed him.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: He'll need a pretext. He'll never
dialog: figure one out for himself.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Christ, you're right -- Gray makes
text: Jerry Ford look like Mozart.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Just have Helms call him. Helms can
dialog: scare anybody.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: The only problem with that, sir -- it
dialog: gets us into obstruction of justice.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's got nothing to do with justice.
dialog: It's national security.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: How is this national security?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Because the President says it is. My
dialog: job is to protect this country from
dialog: its enemies, and its enemies are
text: inside the walls.
text: Pause. Haldeman is perplexed.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: I suppose you thought the Presidency
dialog: was above this sort of thing.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: This isn't a "moral" issue, Bob. We
dialog: have to keep our enemies at bay or our
dialog: whole program is gonna go down the
text: tubes. The FBI is filled with people
dialog: who are pissed that I put Gray in and
dialog: not one of their own. Vietnam, China,
dialog: the Soviet Union: when you look at the
dialog: big picture, Bob, you'll see we're
dialog: doing a hell of a lotta good in this
dialog: world. Let's not screw it up with
text: some shit-ass, third-rate burglary.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: I'll talk to Helms.
text: (looks at his watch)
dialog: Oh, Pat asked if you're coming to the
dialog: Residence for dinner tonight.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No, no, not tonight. Don't let her in
dialog: here. I have too much to do.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Yes, sir. I'll talk to Helms, and, uh
dialog: ... what's our press position on this
dialog: Watergate thing? What do I tell
dialog: Ziegler to tell them?
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - LINCOLN SITTING ROOM - NIGHT (1973)
text: RESUME SCENE - NIXON takes another drink, looks up at
text: Lincoln's portrait.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TAPE)
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Tell 'em what we've always told 'em!
dialog: Tell 'em anything but the goddamn
dialog: truth!
text: As the tape grinds on with hard-to-hear DIALOGUE, Nixon
text: searches through a drawer in the rolltop desk next to the
text: fireplace. He finds a small vial of pills, fumbles with
text: the cap. He rips the cap off, the pills scattering on the
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit!
text: He begins scooping them back into the bottle, his hands
text: trembling with the effort.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: (mumbles)
dialog: Put me in this position ... Expose me
dialog: like this.
text: He downs a couple of pills with the Scotch.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don't they just fucking shoot me?
text: Nixon takes another drink, looks down.
scene_heading: SHARP CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. TV STUDIO - NIGHT (1960)
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - JOHN F. KENNEDY looking straight at
text: the camera. Tanned, impeccable, confident.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: I do not think the world can exist in
text: the long run half-slave and half-free.
dialog: The real issue before us is how we can
dialog: prevent the balance of power from
dialog: turning against us ... If we sleep too
dialog: long in the sixties, Mr. Khrushchev
dialog: will "bury" us yet ... I think it's
dialog: time America started moving again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: NIXON does not look well. His clothes are baggy, and he
text: has a slight sheen of perspiration around his lower lip.
text: He seems uncomfortable in his movements, robotic, falsely
text: aggressive with his raised eyebrows and glaring demeanor.
dialog: (The following essences are taken from four debates and
dialog: various campaign material; in using a documentary JFK, we
dialog: will be cutting around him when off-debate material is
dialog: used.)
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... When it comes to experience, I
dialog: want you to remember I've had 173
dialog: meetings with President Eisenhower,
dialog: and 217 times with the National
dialog: Security Council. I've attended 163
dialog: Cabinet meetings. I've visited fifty
dialog: four countries and had discussions
dialog: with thirty-five presidents, nine
dialog: prime ministers, two emperors, and the
dialog: Shah of Iran...
scene_heading: INT. TV STUDIO - CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT
text: PAT NIXON, a year older than Dick, watches her champion
text: through the glass booth. The "Mona Lisa" of American
dialog: politics, she projects deep admiration for, and pride in,
text: her husband. But now she appears perturbed by what she's
dialog: seeing.
text: A younger HALDEMAN sits watching the debates on monitors
text: with HERB KLEIN, press secretary, and OTHERS in the Nixon
text: circle. Through the glass we see the CANDIDATES.
text: MURRAY CHOTINER, campaign manager, overweight and bow-tied,
text: moves down the row of monitors holding a cigar. He manages
text: to drop ashes on an attractive KENNEDY STAFFER.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: Excuse me, sweetheart.
text: As he sits next to Haldeman, Nixon drones on.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON T.V. MONITOR)
dialog: Let's take hydroelectric power. In
dialog: our administration, we've built more
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: (privately)
dialog: Jesus Christ, has he told them how
dialog: many push-ups he can do yet? What the
dialog: hell happened to him?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
text: He just got out of the hospital,
dialog: Murray, and he hasn't taken an hour
dialog: off during the campaign, thanks to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: You could've at least gotten him a
dialog: suit that fit, for Christ's sake, and
text: slapped some makeup on him. He looks
dialog: like a frigging corpse!
speaker_heading: NIXON (T.V.)
dialog: ... When we consider the lineup of the
dialog: world, we find there are 590 million
dialog: people on our side, 800 million on the
dialog: Communist side, and 600 million who
dialog: are neutral. The odds are 5 to 3
dialog: against us ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: He wouldn't do the makeup. Said it
dialog: was for queers.
text: JFK's face is on the monitors now.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: Kennedy doesn't look like a queer,
dialog: does he?
dialog: (then)
text: He looks like a God.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Murray, it's not a beauty contest.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: We better hope not.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (upset)
dialog: What are you doing to him, Murray?
dialog: Look at him -- he's not well. He
dialog: doesn't have to debate John Kennedy.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Mrs. Nixon, we didn't ...
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: Pat, baby, listen, when it comes to
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: He can win without doing this.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY (ON TV)
dialog: ... in attacking my resolve, Mr. Nixon
dialog: has carefully avoided mentioning my
dialog: position on Cuba ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Oh shoot! He's going to do it! Here
dialog: it comes.
speaker_heading: KENNEDY (ON TV)
dialog: ... As a result of administration
dialog: policies, we have seen Cuba go to the
dialog: Communists ... eight jet minutes from
dialog: the coast of Florida!
dialog: Castro's influence will spread through
dialog: all of Latin America. We must attempt
dialog: to strengthen the democratic anti
dialog: Castro forces in exile. These
dialog: fighters have had virtually no support
dialog: from our government!
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (whispers to Klein, Chotiner)
dialog: Sonofabitch! He was briefed by the
dialog: CIA. He's using it against us! He
dialog: knows we can't respond.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: It's a disgrace.
speaker_heading: MODERATOR
dialog: Mr. Nixon?
text: Nixon looks, astounded, at JFK. He fumbles his response.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I think ... I think ... that's the
dialog: sort of very dangerous and
dialog: irresponsible suggestion that ...
dialog: helping the Cuban exiles who oppose
dialog: Castro would, uh ... not only be a
dialog: violation of international law, it
dialog: would be ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (closes his eyes)
dialog: He's treading water. Don't mention
dialog: Khrushchev.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... an open invitation for Mr.
dialog: Khrushchev to become involved in Latin
dialog: America. We would lose all our
dialog: friends in Latin America.
speaker_heading: KLEIN
dialog: He just violated national security,
dialog: Dick! Attack the bastard!
speaker_heading: KENNEDY
dialog: I, for one, have never believed the
dialog: foreign policy of the United States
dialog: should be dictated by the Kremlin. As
dialog: long as ...
text: Klein hangs his head; Chotiner shares a look with Haldeman.
text: The young Kennedy staffers applaud gleefully.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: The sonofabitch stole it!
scene_heading: INT. AMBASSADOR HOTEL - SUITE - LOS ANGELES - DAWN (1960)
text: NIXON stands at the center of a room crowded with his MEN.
text: He is despondent, astounded. PAT NIXON watches silently,
text: bitter, nearly in tears.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: He carried every cemetery in Chicago!
dialog: And Texas -- they had the goddamned
dialog: cattle voting!
text: The final ELECTION FIGURES are coming in over the
text: television. They show Kennedy with a 120,000-voter margin
dialog: (34.2 to 34.1 million) and run down the electoral college
dialog: votes.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER (CONT'D)
dialog: Closest election in history, Dick, and
dialog: they stole it. Sonofabitch!
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: He outspent us and he still cheated.
dialog: A guy who's got everything. I can't
dialog: believe it. We came to Congress
dialog: together. I went to his wedding. We
dialog: were like brothers, for Christ's sake.
text: Pat leaves abruptly; she can't take it anymore. Chotiner
text: looks at Dick as if he were incredibly naive. HALDEMAN and
text: KLEIN are at a table, reams of returns before them.
speaker_heading: KLEIN
dialog: We've got the figures, Dick! The
dialog: fraud is obvious -- we call for a
dialog: recount.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Nobody's ever contested a presidential
dialog: election.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: Who's going to do the counting? The
dialog: Democrats control Texas, they control
dialog: Illinois.
speaker_heading: KLEIN
dialog: We shift 25,000 votes in two states,
dialog: and ...
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: How long would that take? Six months?
dialog: A year?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Meanwhile, what happens to the
dialog: country?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: The bastard! If I'd called his shot
dialog: on Cuba I would've won. He made me
dialog: look soft.
speaker_heading: KLEIN
dialog: (reading transcript)
dialog: "I feel sorry for Nixon because he
text: does not know who he is, and at each
dialog: stop he has to decide which Nixon he
dialog: is at the moment, which must be very
dialog: exhausting." -- Jack Kennedy.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: Bullshit!
text: The CAMERA is driving in on Nixon building to a rage.
dialog: Klein knows how to get to him.
speaker_heading: KLEIN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Nixon's a shifty-eyed, goddamn liar.
dialog: If he had to stick to the truth he'd
dialog: have very little to say. If you vote
dialog: for him you ought to go to hell!" --
dialog: Harry S Truman ... That's what killed
dialog: us, Dick, not Cuba -- the personality
dialog: problem. Are we gonna let these
dialog: sonofabitch Democrats get away with
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: You know, Herb, it's not the time ...
text: Nixon in close-up, inner demons moving him. A brief IMAGE
text: of something ugly ... in Nixon. Himself, perhaps, drenched
dialog: in blood, or death imagery.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Goddamn Kennedy! Goes to Harvard.
text: His father hands him everything on a
dialog: silver platter! All my life they been
dialog: sticking it to me. Not the right
dialog: clothes, not the right schools, not
dialog: the right family. And then he steals
dialog: from me! I have nothing and he
dialog: steals.
dialog: (softly, lethal)
dialog: And he says I have "no class." And
dialog: they love him for it. It's not fair,
dialog: Murray, it's not fair.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: Dick, you're only forty-seven. You
dialog: contest this election, you're
dialog: finished. You gotta swallow this one.
dialog: They stole it fair and square.
text: Nixon looks at him, broken-hearted. He controls his
text: reaction, and exits the room.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll get 'em next time, Dick.
speaker_heading: KLEIN
dialog: What makes you think there's gonna be
dialog: a next time, Murray?
text: Chotiner picks up the corner of a campaign poster with
text: Nixon's face on it, the name in bold below.
speaker_heading: CHOTINER
dialog: Because if he's not President Nixon,
dialog: he's nobody.
scene_heading: INT. AMBASSADOR HOTEL - CORRIDOR & SUITE - DAWN
text: NIXON crosses the corridor which is subdued in the morning
text: light. He hesitates at the door, knocks softly.
text: PAT NIXON stirs quietly as her husband walks to her bed.
text: They occupy separate beds.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We lost ...
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: I know ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's hard to lose ...
text: She reaches out to touch him. He allows himself to be
text: touched. It seems that, between them, intimacy is
dialog: difficult.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: It makes us human ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's not fair, Buddy. I can take the
dialog: insults; I can take the name-calling.
dialog: But I can't take the losing. I hate
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: We don't have to put ourselves through
dialog: this again, Dick.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What do you mean? We worked for it.
dialog: We earned it. It's ours.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: It is. We know that.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And it's enough that we know. Just
dialog: think of the girls. They're still
dialog: young. We never see them. I lost my
dialog: parents. I don't want them to lose
dialog: theirs; I don't want them to grow up
dialog: without a mother and father ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Maybe I should get out of the game.
dialog: What do you think, Buddy? Go back to
dialog: being a lawyer and end up with
dialog: something solid, some money at the end
dialog: of the line ... You know, I keep
dialog: thinking of my old man tonight. He
dialog: was a failure, too.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You're not a failure, Dick.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You know how much money he had in the
dialog: bank when he died?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Nothing. He was so damned honest ...
dialog: (then)
dialog: But I miss him. I miss him a hell of
dialog: a lot.
text: He seems about to cry. Pat reaches out and cradles his
text: head on her shoulder. On his eyes we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIXON GROCERY STORE - DUSK (1925)
text: A few gas pumps in front, overlooking a dry, western,
text: Edward Hopper landscape. A run-down residence at the back.
text: A large man in bloody butcher's apron, FRANK NIXON (46),
dialog: crosses.
scene_heading: INT. NIXON GROCERY STORE - DUSK
text: HAROLD (16), tall, handsome, walks in whistling. He winks
text: at RICHARD (12), who is sorting fruit in the bins. HANNAH
text: (39), a dour but gracious Quaker woman, is behind the
text: counter with a CUSTOMER.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: What do you think? He said in life
dialog: there's no free ride.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: What'd you say?
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: I said I didn't need a free ride.
dialog: (flashes a smile)
dialog: I need a suit.
text: Richard buries his face in his hands.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
text: Oh, no, Harold. He doesn't respond
dialog: well to humor.
text: (looks at his mother,
dialog: worried)
dialog: Maybe if you talk to Mother she can
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: I'd rather get a whipping than have
dialog: another talk with her. Anything but a
dialog: talk with her.
text: Richard is terrified Mom might overhear.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Shhhh!
text: But it's too late. Hannah looks over, very sharp, as her
text: customer departs.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Richard ... come with me, would you
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (surprised, aloud)
dialog: Why me?
scene_heading: INT. NIXON HOUSE - KITCHEN - DUSK
text: RICHARD, obediently seated, pays his Mother heed. He seems
text: a gloomy, unsmiling child in her presence. We sense that
text: this is familiar territory for both. HANNAH, very quiet,
text: penetrating with her gaze.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Because Harold tests thy father's will
dialog: is no reason to admire him. Let
dialog: Harold's worldliness be a warning to
dialog: thee, not an example.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Yes, Mother ...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Harold may have lost touch with his
dialog: Bible, but thou must never lapse.
text: Then, she extends her hand.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, give it to me ...
text: Richard is about to plead ignorance.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Do not tell a lie, Richard ... The
dialog: cornsilk cigarette Harold gave thee
text: behind the store this morning.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (lying)
dialog: I don't ... have them. Mother ... I
dialog: swear, I ... didn't smoke.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (withdrawing)
dialog: I see ... Well then, Richard, we have
dialog: nothing more to talk about, do we?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (fearful, blurts out)
dialog: Please, Mother, it ... it was just one
dialog: time, Mother, I'm ... I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: So am I. Thy father will have to know
dialog: of thy lying.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: No, no! Please, don't. Don't tell
dialog: him. I'll never do it again. I
dialog: promise. I promise ...
dialog: (on the edge of tears)
dialog: Please, mama ...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I expect more from thee, Richard.
text: He buries his head in her skirt. The faintest smile on
text: Hannah's face as she pockets the cigarette.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Please! I'll never let you down
dialog: again, Mother. Never. I promise.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Then this shall be our little secret.
text: (She lifts his face to hers)
dialog: Remember that I see into thy soul as
dialog: God sees. Thou may fool the world.
dialog: Even thy father. But not me, Richard.
dialog: Never me.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Mother, think of me always as your
dialog: faithful dog ...
scene_heading: INT. NIXON HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: HANNAH puts the food on the table as FRANK NIXON, sleeves
text: rolled up, waits at the head of the table, fuming. ARTHUR
text: (6) and DONALD (9) join RICHARD and HAROLD. (The fifth
text: brother, Edward, has not yet been born.) Harold reaches
dialog: for a dish.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don't you dare, Harold!
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: (a little laugh)
dialog: I just thought, since the food was
dialog: here ...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: We haven't said grace yet. Richard.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Is it my turn?
text: Hannah nods. Richard puts his hands together, trying to
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: Heavenly Father, we humbly thank--
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: I'll do it. There's a coupla things I
dialog: wanna say.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Could thou at least remove thy apron,
dialog: Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: This blood pays the bills, Hannah.
dialog: I'm not ashamed of how I earn my
dialog: money.
dialog: (clears his throat)
dialog: Heavenly Father, you told Adam in the
dialog: Garden, after that business with the
dialog: snake, that man would have to earn his
text: way by the sweat of his face. Well,
dialog: as far as I can tell, Father, what was
dialog: true in Eden is true in Whittier,
dialog: California. So we ask you now to
dialog: remind certain of our young people ...
dialog: (glares at Harold)
dialog: ... that the only way to get a new
text: suit to go to the promenade with
text: Margaret O'Herlihy, who happens to be
dialog: a Catholic by the way, is to work for
dialog: it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Amen.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I like Margaret O'Herlihy, too. She's
dialog: very pretty. Can we pray now?
text: The boys start giggling.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Arthur!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You think this is funny?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Pretty soon you boys are gonna have to
dialog: get out there and scratch, 'cause
dialog: you're not gonna get anywhere on your
dialog: good looks. Just ask those fellas ...
text: Frank waves to the Hobos, now squatting and wolfing down
text: the food. They look up, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Charity is only gonna get you so far --
dialog: even with saints like your mother
dialog: around. Struggle's what gives life
dialog: meaning, not victory. Struggle. When
dialog: you quit struggling, they've beaten
dialog: you, and then you end up in the street
dialog: with your hand out.
text: Frank begins eating; the rest follow.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: My mother was a saint, but my old man
dialog: struggled his whole life. You could
dialog: call him a little man, a poor man, but
dialog: they never beat him. I always tried
dialog: to remember that when things didn't go
dialog: my way...
scene_heading: EXT. WHITTIER FOOTBALL FIELD - DAY (1932)
text: FOOTBALL MONTAGE: RICHARD (19), 150 pounds, is on the
text: defensive line as the ball is hiked. ("Let's get fired
text: up!") He gets creamed by a 200-pound offensive tackle. He
text: jumps up, no face guard, hurting, and resets. AD LIB
text: football chatter. We can tell from Richard's cheap uniform
dialog: that he is a substitute. But:
text: We go again. And again. Building a special RHYTHM of JUMP
text: CUTS showing Nixon getting mauled each time. He doesn't
dialog: have a chance, this kid, but he has pluck. And he comes
dialog: back for more. And more.
text: This image of pain and humiliation should weave itself in
dialog: and out of the film in repetitive currents. As we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMIT SCENE #19
scene_heading: INT. HILTON HOTEL - BALLROOM - NIGHT (1962)
text: We move down past a blizzard of balloons and confetti blown
text: by a hotel air-conditioner to a huge "NIXON FOR GOVERNOR"
dialog: banner.
text: NIXON thrusts his arms in the air -- the twin-V salute.
text: The CROWD cheer wildly. SUBTITLE READS: "CALIFORNIA
scene_heading: GOVERNORSHIP, 1962."
scene_heading: INT. HILTON HOTEL - SUITE - NIGHT
text: NIXON is slumped in an armchair, feet on a coffee table,
text: holding a drink, going through defeat once again.
text: HALDEMAN stares glumly at the TV. PAT sits across the room
text: in grim silence.
text: ON TV - a NEWSCASTER stands in front of a tally board with
text: the network logo: "Decision '62."
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: President Kennedy has called Governor
text: Pat Brown to congratulate him...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Are we making a statement?
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: ABC is now projecting that Brown will
dialog: defeat Richard Nixon by more than a
dialog: quarter of a million votes.
text: Nixon holds up his drink to the screen. Moves to a piano.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Thank you, Fidel Castro.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You're not going to blame this on
dialog: Castro, are you?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I sure am. The goddamned missile
dialog: crisis united the whole country behind
dialog: Kennedy. And he was supporting Brown.
dialog: People were scared, that's why.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I suppose Castro staged the whole
dialog: thing just to beat you.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Buddy, before you join the jubilation
dialog: at my being beaten again, you should
dialog: remember: People vote not out of love,
dialog: but fear. They don't teach that at
dialog: Sunday School or at the Whittier
dialog: Community Playhouse!
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (interjects)
dialog: I should go down and check in with our
dialog: people.
text: Haldeman leaves quickly.
text: ON TV - GOVERNOR BROWN steps to the podium. A band plays
dialog: "Happy Days Are Here Again."
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (back at Dick)
dialog: I'm glad they don't. You forget I had
dialog: a life before California, a rough,
dialog: rough life. Life isn't always fair,
dialog: Dick...
text: Nixon drowns her out, playing the piano (well) and singing
text: along bitterly.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: "--the skies above are clear again.
dialog: Let's sing a song of cheer again--"...
dialog: Cocksucker!
text: Pat turns off the TV.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: (continues to play)
dialog: Don't you want to listen to Brown's
dialog: victory speech?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: No. I'm not going to listen to any
dialog: more speeches ever again.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Amen to that.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: It's over, Dick.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I'll concede in the morning.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Not that.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Us.
text: Nixon stops playing, looks at her.
speaker_heading: PAT (CONT'D)
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: I've always stood by you. I
dialog: campaigned for you when I was
dialog: pregnant. During Checkers, when Ike
dialog: wanted you out, I told you to fight.
dialog: This is different, Dick. You've
dialog: changed. You've grown more ...
dialog: bitter, like you're at war with the
dialog: world. You weren't that way before.
dialog: You scare me sometimes... I'm fifty
dialog: years old now, Dick. How many
dialog: people's hands have I shaken -- people
dialog: I didn't like, people I didn't even
dialog: know. It's as if, I don't know, I
dialog: went to sleep along time ago and
dialog: missed the years between... I've had
dialog: enough.
text: He moves toward her awkwardly. Pat struggles. She goes to
text: a window, her back to him. She is not one to enjoy
dialog: "scenes." She tends to accommodate to others to preserve
text: an aura of happiness.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What are you saying? What are you
dialog: talking about?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I want a divorce.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: My God -- divorce?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What about the girls?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: The girls will grow up. They only
dialog: know you from television anyway.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It would ruin us, Buddy, our family.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You're ruining us. If we stay with
dialog: you, you'll take us down with you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This isn't political, Dick. This is
dialog: our life.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Everything's political, for Christ's
dialog: sake! I'm political. And you're
dialog: political, too!
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: No, I'm not! I'm finished.
text: She is very serious. He sees it. It terrifies him. The
dialog: same withdrawal he experienced from his mother.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: This is just what they want, Buddy.
dialog: Don't you see it? They want to drive
dialog: us apart. To beat us. We can't let
dialog: them do it. We've been through too
dialog: much together, Buddy ... We belong
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (ironic)
dialog: That's what you said the first time we
dialog: met. You didn't even know me.
text: MARRIAGE MONTAGE: During this scene we have a series of
text: SHOTS of their courtship -- the Whittier College campus,
text: 1930s Los Angeles; driving in a car together; the wedding;
text: the FIRST CHILD; the Pacific NAVAL CAPTAIN underneath a
text: palm tree; running as a first-time CONGRESSMAN with Pat;
dialog: the EISENHOWER years...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (very tender)
dialog: Oh, yes, I did. I told you I was
dialog: gonna marry you, didn't I? On the
dialog: first date ... I said it because I
dialog: knew ... I knew you were the one ...
dialog: so solid and so strong ... and so
dialog: beautiful. You were the most
dialog: beautiful thing I'd ever seen ... I
dialog: don't want to lose you, Buddy, ever...
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
text: Nixon seeking tenderness. He puts a hand on her arm. He
text: tries gently to pull her towards him, to kiss her.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Dick, don't...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Buddy, look at me ... just look at me.
dialog: Do you really want me to quit?
text: She stares out the window. A long moment.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: We can be happy. We really can. We
dialog: love you, Dick. The girls and I...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: If I stop ... there'll be no more talk
dialog: of divorce?
text: A long moment. She finally turns her eyes to him,
text: assenting.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll do it.
dialog: (waves his hand)
dialog: No more.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yeah ... I'm out.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Is that the truth?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I'll never run again. I promise.
speaker_heading: SHARP CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILTON HOTEL - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: NIXON stalks down the hallway, fuming. HALDEMAN walks
dialog: alongside.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
text: (worried, points to a door)
dialog: Dick, you don't have to make a
dialog: statement. Herb covered it for you.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No!
text: He bursts through the door into:
scene_heading: INT. HILTON HOTEL - PRESS CONFERENCE - BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: A noisy CROWD of REPORTERS reacts, excitedly, to NIXON'S
text: fast entry. The smell of blood is in the air.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: NIXON at the podium
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... I believe Governor Brown has a
dialog: heart, even though he believes I do
dialog: not. I believe he is a good American,
dialog: even though he feels I am not. I am
dialog: proud of the fact that I defended my
dialog: opponent's patriotism; you gentlemen
dialog: didn't report it but I am proud I did
dialog: that. And I would appreciate it, for
dialog: once, gentlemen, if you would write
dialog: what I say.
dialog: (time dissolve)
dialog: ... For sixteen years, ever since the
dialog: Hiss case, you've had a lot of fun --
dialog: a lot of fun. But recognize you have
dialog: a responsibility, if you're against a
dialog: candidate, to give him the shaft, but
dialog: if you do that, at least put one
dialog: lonely reporter on the campaign who
dialog: will report what the candidate says
dialog: now and then...
text: HALDEMAN glances at KLEIN.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: ... I think all-in-all I've given as
dialog: good as I've taken. But as I leave
dialog: you I want you to know -- just think
dialog: how much you're going to be missing:
dialog: you won't have Nixon to kick around
dialog: anymore. Because, gentlemen, this is
dialog: my last press conference...
text: A FEW REPORTERS shout questions. There is a loud
text: confusion, but Nixon has vanished.
speaker_heading: KLEIN
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Suicide.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: NIXON HISTORICAL MONTAGE:
text: A grainy "NEWSREEL" treats NIXON as political history, now
text: over. The ANONYMOUS REPORTERS return -- YOUNG NIXON, in
text: his Navy uniform, is campaigning in California in the 1940s
dialog: against Voorhis and Douglas.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1 (V.O.)
dialog: We can now officially write the
dialog: political obituary of Richard Milhouse
dialog: Nixon ... He came into being as part
dialog: of the big post-war 1946 Republican
dialog: sweep of the elections. People were
dialog: weary of the New Deal and FDR's big
dialog: government ...
text: Images of FDR, TRUMAN, and ACHESON, early Cold War imagery
dialog: - the Soviets, Berlin.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1 (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ... The United States had been a
dialog: strong ally of the Soviet Union, which
dialog: had lost more than twenty million
dialog: people in its fight against Nazism.
dialog: But Nixon, coming from the South
dialog: Pacific war, won his first term in the
dialog: House by freely associating his
dialog: liberal opponent, Jerry Voorhis, with
dialog: Communism.
text: Images of Voorhis, Hoover ... NIXON working a CROWD,
text: standing on the tailgate of his station-wagon, debating
dialog: Voorhis.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2 (V.O.)
dialog: For Nixon, politics was war. He
dialog: didn't have opponents, he had enemies.
dialog: He didn't run against people, he
dialog: ruined them ... He won his California
dialog: seat in the U.S. Senate in 1950 in a
dialog: vicious campaign against liberal
dialog: congresswoman and movie actress, Helen
dialog: Gahagan Douglas...
text: NEWSFILM of NIXON and CHOTINER at a rally with PAT. Images
text: of DOUGLAS follow. CAMPAIGN WORKERS handing out smear
dialog: literature.
speaker_heading: NIXON ("NEWSFILM LOOK")
dialog: How can Helen Douglas, capable actress
dialog: that she is, take up so strange a role
dialog: as a foe of Communism? Why, she's
text: pink right down to her underwear ...
speaker_heading: REPORTER 3 (V.O.)
dialog: ... Nixon quickly became the
text: Republican's attack dog.
dialog: He tore into Truman for losing
dialog: Mainland China in 1949, and blamed the
dialog: war in Korea on a weak foreign policy
dialog: ... His speeches, if more subtle than
dialog: those of his Republican ally, Joe
dialog: McCarthy, were just as aggressive ...
text: Nixon at another rally with Pat.
speaker_heading: NIXON ("NEWSFILM LOOK")
dialog: ... I promise to continue to expose
dialog: the people that have sold this country
dialog: down the river! Until we have driven
dialog: all the crooks and Communists and
dialog: those that have helped them out of
dialog: office!!
text: Images of Truman, the hydrogen bomb, the Rosenbergs, Klaus
text: Fuchs, Oppenheimer, the Chinese taking over in 1949 ...
dialog: Mao.
speaker_heading: NIXON ("NEWSFILM LOOK") (CONT'D)
dialog: The direct result of Truman's decision
dialog: is that China has gone Communist. Mao
dialog: is a monster. Why?! Why, Mr.
dialog: Acheson?! Who in the State Department
dialog: is watching over American interests?!
dialog: Who has given the Russians the atomic
dialog: bomb?! ... Today the issue is slavery!
dialog: The Soviet Union is an example of the
dialog: slave state in its ultimate
dialog: development. Great Britain is halfway
dialog: down the same road; powerful interests
dialog: are striving to impose the British
dialog: socialist system upon the people of
dialog: the United States!
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2 (V.O.)
dialog: ... Nixon became one of the leading
dialog: lights of the notorious House Un
dialog: American Activities Committee,
dialog: questioning labor leaders, Spanish
dialog: Civil War veterans, Hollywood
dialog: celebrities ...
speaker_heading: NIXON ("NEWSFILM LOOK")
dialog: (questioning witness)
dialog: Can you tell me today the names of any
dialog: pictures which Hollywood has made in
dialog: the last five years showing the evils
dialog: of totaliarian Communism?
text: NIXON surrounded by REPORTERS outside the HUAC hearing
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4 (V.O.)
dialog: ... but it was the Alger Hiss case
dialog: that made Nixon a household name ...
dialog: IMAGES of Alger Hiss's career: clerking for Oliver Wendell
text: Holmes; with FDR at Yalta, with Churchill, with Stalin.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4 (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ... One of the architects of the
text: United Nations, intimate with FDR and
dialog: Oliver Wendell Holmes, Alger Hiss was
dialog: a darling of the liberals.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But Whittaker Chambers, a former
dialog: freelance journalist, said he was a
dialog: Communist.
text: WHITTAKER CHAMBERS testifying before the HUAC.
speaker_heading: CHAMBERS (TV INTERVIEW)
dialog: ... If the American people understood
dialog: the real character of Alger Hiss, they
dialog: would boil him in oil ...
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4 (V.O.)
dialog: ... Hiss claimed he was being set up
dialog: by Nixon and J. Edgar Hoover to
dialog: discredit the New Deal's policies.
dialog: The case came down to an Underwood
text: typewriter, and a roll of film hidden
text: in a pumpkin patch.
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY IMAGE - A DETECTIVE-TYPE reaches into a
text: hollowed-out pumpkin and pulls out microfilm. In his
text: congressional office, NIXON examines the film with a
text: magnifying glass, playing to the cameras with a deadly
text: serious mien ... Shots of MRS. HISS, the Underwood
dialog: typewriter.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4 (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Years later the Freedom of
dialog: Information Act revealed that the film
dialog: showed a report on business conditions
text: in Manchuria, and fire extinguishers
text: on a U.S. destroyer. None of these
dialog: documents were classified. Were they
text: planted by Chambers, who seemed to
text: have a strange, almost psychotic
dialog: fixation with Alger Hiss?
text: NIXON points to a headline -- "HISS CONVICTED."
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1 (V.O.)
dialog: After two confusing trials, Hiss went
dialog: to jail for perjury. To the right
dialog: wing, Nixon was a hero and a patriot.
dialog: To the liberals, he was a shameless
dialog: self-promoter who had vengefully
dialog: destroyed a fine man. Eleanor
dialog: Roosevelt angrily condemned him.
dialog: It was to become a pattern: you either
dialog: loved Richard Nixon or hated him.
text: A brief IMAGE here that will recur through-out the film.
text: An image of evil -- call it "The Beast."
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2 (V.O.)
dialog: Driven by demons that seemed more
dialog: personal than political, his rise was
dialog: meteoric. Congressman at 33, senator
dialog: at 35, Eisenhower's vice-presidential
dialog: candidate at 39. Then came the
dialog: Checkers Crisis ... Nixon was accused
dialog: of hiding a secret slush fund. About
dialog: to be kicked off the ticket by Ike, he
dialog: went on national television with an
dialog: unprecedented appearance ...
text: INTERCUT Checkers speech - NIXON, looking and sounding like
text: Uriah Heep, pleads with the American people on TV, as PAT
text: sits uncomfortably in an armchair nearby.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TV)
dialog: ... so now what I am going to do is
dialog: give this audience a complete
dialog: financial history. Everything I've
dialog: earned, everything I've spent,
dialog: everything I owe ...
text: Nixon forces a smile. Pat is clearly in pain, mortified.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2 (V.O.)
dialog: The list included their house, their
dialog: Oldsmobile, Pat's Republican cloth
dialog: coat, and lastly, in what was to
dialog: become history -- a sentimental gift
dialog: from a Texas businessman ...
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TV)
dialog: You know what it was? It was a little
text: cocker spaniel dog. Black and white
dialog: spotted. And ... our little girl,
dialog: Tricia, the six-year-old, named it
dialog: "Checkers." And you know, the kids
dialog: love that dog and we're going to keep
dialog: it ...
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4 (V.O.)
dialog: Fifty-eight million people saw it. It
dialog: was shameless. It was manipulative.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It was a huge success!
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY REPLACEMENT - Nixon with Ike in triumph. A
text: clip of Eisenhower praising Nixon. Nixon and Pat standing
text: up to rock-throwing STUDENTS in Venezuela. Pointing his
text: finger at KHRUSHCHEV in the Kitchen Debate.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 3 (V.O.)
dialog: Eisenhower put Nixon back on the
dialog: ticket ... Responding to attacks on
dialog: Truman, Acheson and the entire
dialog: Democratic Party for betraying the
dialog: American principles in China, Korea
dialog: and elsewhere -- it was two-time
dialog: Democratic presidential candidate,
dialog: Adlai Stevenson, who perhaps best
dialog: summed up the national unease with
dialog: Richard Nixon...
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY - SHOTS of ADLAI STEVENSON campaigning in '52
text: and '56 against IKE. Images of JOE MCCARTHY precede. The
text: HERBLOCK CARTOON of Nixon crawling out of the sewer system.
text: Others of his cartoons follow.
speaker_heading: STEVENSON (RADIO V.O.)
dialog: ... This is a man of many masks. Who
dialog: can say they have seen his real face?
text: He is on an ill-will tour,
text: representing McCarthyism in a white
dialog: collar. Nixonland has no standard of
dialog: truth but convenience, and no standard
dialog: of morality except sly innuendo, the
dialog: poison pen, the anonymous phone call;
dialog: the land of smash and grab and
dialog: anything to win ... "What, ultimately,
dialog: shall it profit a man if he shall gain
dialog: the whole world and lose his own
dialog: soul?"
text: Ending with more recent SHOTS of Nixon campaigning in '60
text: and '62. As the IMAGES spot out in newsreel style:
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4
dialog: It was a great story of its time and,
dialog: in California where it started, it has
text: come crashing to an end. It is too
dialog: bad in a way, because the truth is, we
dialog: never knew who Richard Nixon really
dialog: was. And now that he is gone, we
dialog: never will ...
dialog: "March of Time"-type music as we
scene_heading: SLOWLY FADE INTO:
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: "Your father stinks" ... They actually
dialog: said this to Tricia. Two girls
dialog: wearing Kennedy pins. At Chapin!
scene_heading: INT. FIFTH AVE APARTMENT - NEW YORK CITY - NIGHT (1963)
text: A New York cocktail party. Society DAMES. Rich,
text: conservative BUSINESSMEN, platters of martinis and hors
text: d'oeuvres carried by white-gloved BLACK BUTLERS. The
text: fashions are Balenciaga and Courreges, tipping to the
text: shorter hemlines; the mood is smoky and upbeat, the folks
text: pressed into airtight packs of loud conversation.
text: NIXON is talking to JOHN MITCHELL (54), his wife MARTHA
text: (40's), and TWO OTHER ASSOCIATES of the law firm he has
dialog: joined.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (anguished)
text: She was crying when she came home.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: She was devastated.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Poor little Tricia. Well, that's New
dialog: York -- makes for a tougher animal
dialog: later in life.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (to the other lawyers)
dialog: I told her, her daddy couldn't even
dialog: get a goddamned job in this city when
dialog: I got out of Duke. Every white-shoe
dialog: lawyer firm turned me down. Didn't
dialog: have the right "look." Hell, I
dialog: couldn't even get into the FBI.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (indicating)
dialog: Dick, we should catch Rocky 'fore he
dialog: leaves.
text: NELSON ROCKEFELLER, Governor of New York, dominates the
text: room. Big smile, horn-rimmed glasses. Next to him is
text: HAPPY, his new wife, much younger.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (glancing)
dialog: Well, he can walk in this direction,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Did you catch that picture of you in
dialog: Newsweek last week, Dick? You were
text: standing in a crowd on Fifth Avenue,
dialog: and you were looking straight ahead,
dialog: and everyone else was looking the
dialog: other way like you'd just farted or
dialog: something.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: It said: "Who Remembers Dick Nixon?"
dialog: I was screaming. It was so funny!
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yeah, that was hilarious, Martha.
dialog: (for the others)
dialog: They were all looking the other way
dialog: 'cause they were waiting for the light
dialog: to change. I called AP on that --
dialog: typical of the press in this country,
dialog: they wouldn't correct it. That or
text: they print the retraction right next
text: to the girdle ads.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Oh, I've read some very nice things
dialog: about you.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
text: (puts her hand on Nixon's
dialog: arm)
dialog: Maybe where you come from. But where
dialog: I come from, Dick Nixon is as
text: misunderstood as a fox in a henhouse.
dialog: And you know why?
dialog: (they all wait)
dialog: Because, honey, they all think your
dialog: smile and your face are never in the
dialog: same place at the same time.
text: Nervous laughter.
speaker_heading: MARTHA (CONT'D)
dialog: You and me -- we gotta work on that,
dialog: sweetie...
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (guiding Dick away)
dialog: Someone freshen Martha's drink. I
dialog: think she's down a quart.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Well, zippety-fucking-doo-dah!
text: Mitchell moves Nixon away towards the Rockefeller GROUP.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Sorry, Dick. She's a little tipsy.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You mean smashed! She called up at
dialog: midnight last week. Talking a bunch
dialog: of crap. Pat can't stand her.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: It's a thing she does. She talks at
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Talks all day, too! How the hell can
dialog: you put up with her, John?
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (sheepishly)
dialog: What the hell -- I love her. And
dialog: she's great in bed.
text: Rockefeller holds court, not immediately noticing Nixon.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: ... There are no guarantees in
dialog: politics. I'm going to roll the dice
text: with everyone else.
text: HENRY KISSINGER (40's), intense, holds a martini.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Well, if a Rockefeller can't become
dialog: President of the United States, what's
dialog: the point of democracy?
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: The point of democracy is that even
dialog: the son of a grocer can become
dialog: president.
text: Laughs.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: And you came damn close, too, Dick.
text: As Rocky clutches Dick, who doesn't like to be touched:
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Howya doin'! New York treating you
dialog: okay? I'm sorry I haven't been able
dialog: to see you at all--
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (cutting off the apology)
dialog: Well enough. You're looking "happy,"
dialog: Nelson.
text: With a look to Happy.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: Oh, Happy!
dialog: (introduces his new wife)
dialog: Dick Nixon ... You remember him.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Hi, Happy. Well, you're obviously
text: making him happy.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: Repartee, Dick -- very good. Hey, I
dialog: feel ten years younger! It makes a
dialog: helluva difference, let me tell ya!
dialog: How's the lawyer life?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Never made so much money in my life.
dialog: But my upbringing doesn't allow me to
dialog: enjoy it. I did get to argue a case
dialog: before the Supreme Court.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: Won or lost?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Lost.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: Someday, Dick.
text: OTHERS are pressing in on Rockefeller, who is obviously the
text: "star" of the party, so there is pressure to talk fast.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: But being out of the game gives me
dialog: time to write.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: To what?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Write. You know, a book. I'm calling
dialog: it "Six Crises." It's a good thing,
dialog: Rocky -- take some time off to write.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: (shaking another hand)
dialog: Hiya, fellow ... What were they?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: The "crises"?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: "Checkers" of course, Hiss, Ike's
dialog: heart attack, Venezuela, the Kitchen
text: Debate, and Kennedy.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: Sounds like you got a crisis syndrome.
dialog: Aren't you exaggerating a bit, Dick?
dialog: Call it three-and-a-half, maybe four
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (laughs awkwardly)
dialog: Let's wait and see how you survive
dialog: your first crisis, Rocky ...
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: Whatcha mean by that?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You know: how the voters are gonna
dialog: play your divorce.
text: Rockefeller, who still clutches the visibly uncomfortable
text: Nixon, gives him a squeeze before finally releasing him.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: Don't you worry about it, fella, and I
dialog: won't.
text: About to rejoin his wife.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Well, in any case, Rocky, I'll send
dialog: you my book. "Six Crises."
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: Whatcha predicting -- your boy
dialog: Goldwater going to split the party?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Some say you are, Rocky.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: The Republican Party was never home to
dialog: extremists. You should know better.
dialog: This guy's as stupid as McCarthy, and
dialog: McCarthy never did you any good in the
dialog: long run, now did he?
text: A pause. It lands home on Dick. Rockefeller turns to
text: Kissinger, who's been listening.
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, you know Henry Kissinger -- he's
dialog: down from Harvard. On my staff,
dialog: foreign policy whiz ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (shakes hands)
dialog: No, but I liked your book on nuclear
dialog: weapons. We have similar views on the
dialog: balance of power ...
speaker_heading: ROCKEFELLER
dialog: Well, that's wonderful. So get me
dialog: this "crisis" thing, Dick; I'll be
text: glad to take a look at it.
text: He raps Nixon one more time on the shoulder and moves of
text: into a waiting GROUP.
speaker_heading: NIXON
text: ... as the old alliances crumble.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Finally someone who's noticed! I'm a
dialog: great admirer of yours, too, Mr.
dialog: Nixon. You are an unusual politician.
dialog: We share a mutual idol -- "Six Crises"
text: sounds like a page from Churchill.
speaker_heading: NIXON
text: Churchill, DeGaulle, Disraeli. They
dialog: all went through the pain of losing
dialog: power.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: But they all got it back again, didn't
dialog: they?
dialog: (proffering a card)
dialog: We should have lunch sometime.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: NIXON and MITCHELL move to the edges of the PARTY, which is
text: now diminishing. They bypass PAT, who is absently staring
text: off in conversation with MARTHA and SEVERAL OTHER LADIES
text: who lunch ... Nixon looks back at ROCKEFELLER leaving --
text: KISSINGER hovering near him.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (seething)
dialog: Rocky's full of shit! No way he's
dialog: going to get nominated west of the
dialog: Hudson with a new wife. He's gonna be
text: drinking Scotches in retirement at
dialog: some goddamn country club with the
dialog: rest of the Republicans.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Goes to show you all the moolah in the
dialog: world can't buy you a brain.
speaker_heading: NIXON
text: (snags a drink from a passing
dialog: tray)
dialog: Well, he seems to have bought
dialog: Kissinger.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: The Jewboy's a Harvard whore with the
text: morals of an eel -- sells himself to
dialog: the highest bidder.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (brays loudly)
dialog: You're the one who should be in
dialog: politics, John. You're tougher than I
dialog: am. You never crack.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: That'll be the day.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Let's get out of here; it's too
dialog: painful. I hate it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: We went bowling last weekend. Next
dialog: weekend we're going to the zoo.
dialog: Whoever said there was life after
dialog: politics was full of shit.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Make some money, Dick, prove yourself
dialog: to the Wall Street crowd and let
dialog: Goldwater and Rockefeller take the
dialog: fall against Kennedy.
text: Nixon looks at him.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yeah. John, I'm in hell.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'll be mentally dead in two years and
dialog: physically dead in four. I miss -- I
dialog: don't know -- making love to the
dialog: people. I miss -- entering a room. I
dialog: miss -- the pure "acting" of it.
dialog: John, I've got to get back in the
dialog: arena.
dialog: On Pat glancing over:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DALLAS CONVENTION SITE - DAY (1963)
text: SPOTLIGHT on a sexy Studebaker car of the era. A DRUM
text: ROLL, and suddenly out of the various apertures of the car
text: pop six half-naked HOSTESSES doing the twist. Wild cheers.
text: The ANNOUNCER describes the new gimmicks on the car (AD
text: LIB) as we swing to reveal NIXON, looking uncomfortable in
text: a Stetson cowboy hat shaking hands with AUTOGRAPH SEEKERS
text: and car buffs, posing for cheese-cake photographs. A
text: banner behind him reveals: "Dallas Welcomes Studebaker
dialog: Dealers."
text: The Studebaker GIRLS are fanning out through the sales
text: booths, whistling, swinging whips, as a large man in a
text: Stetson, JACK JONES, accompanied by a suave-looking Cuban
text: born businessman, TRINI CARDOZA, breaks through the
text: autograph hounds to rescue Nixon.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: That's enough now, let him be. He's
dialog: just like you and me, folks, just
dialog: another lawyer ... Let's go, let's go,
dialog: break it up ...
text: Moving Nixon out of there.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Thanks, Jack. You sure throw a
dialog: helluva party.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Party ain't started yet, Dick. Got
dialog: these gals coming over to the ranch
dialog: later for a little private "thing,"
dialog: y'know ... There's some fellows I want
dialog: you to meet.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Well, uh, Trini and I have an early
dialog: plane. We were hoping to get back to
dialog: New York in time for ...
speaker_heading: TRINI
dialog: It'll be okay, Dick; these guys are
dialog: interesting ... real quiet. And the
dialog: girls are, too.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Y'know, it's not every day we Texans
dialog: get to entertain the future President
dialog: of the United States.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Like you said Jack, I'm just a New
dialog: York lawyer now.
speaker_heading: JONES
text: (chuckles, with a look to
dialog: Trini)
dialog: We'll see about that.
text: New FANS circle up, their WIVES giggling.
speaker_heading: FANS
dialog: Oh, Mr. Nixon could you sign ...? My
dialog: wife and I think you are just the
dialog: greatest. Please run again ...
text: More fans flood in, circling him. On Trini and Jack
dialog: watching this.
scene_heading: EXT. JONES RANCH - DAY
text: An entire LONGHORN STEER turns on a spit in a large
text: barbecue pit, basted by black SERVANTS. We see a sprawling
text: Spanish-style RANCH HOUSE in the countryside. The parking
text: area looks like a Cadillac dealership. The CROWD is a
text: mixture of CORPORATE EXECUTIVES, CUBANS, and COWBOY-TYPES,
text: some WIVES.
text: TRINI is talking to TWO of the DANCERS, nodding his head in
text: NIXON'S direction. They look, and smile at him.
text: Across the lawn, Nixon smiles back awkwardly as JACK JONES
text: nudges him. They both eat steaks and corncobs.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: I know for a fact that the one with
dialog: the big tits is a Republican, and
dialog: she'd do anything for the Party.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: She's quite pretty.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Her name's Sandy ...
text: Trini joins them, bringing the girls.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: By the way, Jack, this looks like a
dialog: pretty straight-forward transaction to
dialog: me, but we should get into it soon --
dialog: just take a few minutes, maybe up at
dialog: the house ...
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: (to Trini, coming up)
dialog: He's all business, ain't he, Trini?
dialog: (to Dick)
dialog: Dick, we could've had our own goddamn
dialog: lawyers handle this deal. We brought
dialog: you down here 'cause we wanted to talk
dialog: to you ...
speaker_heading: TRINI
dialog: Dick, this is Teresa, and this is
dialog: Sandy.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Hi ... Dick.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Hello ...
dialog: Pause.
scene_heading: INT. JONES RANCH - DAY
text: A walk-in stone fireplace dominates the room; the heavy
text: beams hung with black wrought-iron candelabras. Thick
text: cigar smoke impregnates the air; the crowd has
text: substantially thinned to the heaviest hitters. The MEN,
text: now in shirt-sleeves, drink from bottles of bourbon.
text: A man -- MITCH -- emerges from one of the side rooms with a
speaker_heading: DANCER.
text: Off to the side in a semi-private alcove, SANDY, the
text: dancer, tries to make conversation, but NIXON is showing
dialog: her pictures of his kids.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: That's Julie ... and that's Tricia.
dialog: She, uh, reminds me a little bit of
dialog: you ...
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: ("interested")
dialog: Oh yeah ... she really is ...
text: wholesome.
text: Trini interjects, trying to help out.
speaker_heading: TRINI
dialog: So what's up? ... Uh, I get the
dialog: feeling Sandy really likes you, Dick.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: I like that name, Dick.
speaker_heading: TRINI
dialog: Why don't you two disappear in the
dialog: bedroom in there. Come back in half
dialog: an hour ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Uh ... Trini.
text: Trini smiles and, leaving Dick the playing field, vanishes.
text: Sandy, feeling the vacuum, holds Nixon's hand.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: What do you say? Do you like me,
dialog: Mister Vice President?
text: Nixon swallows hard, blushing now. He sweats, very
dialog: uncomfortable with this intimacy.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (croaks)
dialog: Yes, of course. But ... uh ...
text: A brief IMAGE flashes by -- beastlike, offensive, unworthy.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: ... I don't really know you yet, Sandy
dialog: ... What do you like? I mean, what
dialog: kind of clothes do you like? Do you
dialog: like blue ... red?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Oh, I like satin, I like pink ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What kind of, uh ... music do you
dialog: like?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: I like jazz ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yeah ... Guy Lombardo ...
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Elvis I like, too.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Oh yeah, he's good.
text: Sandy puts her hands on his face and head.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: ... but it depends on what I'm doing
text: to the music, Dick ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Uh, is your mother ... still alive?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Yeah, she lives in Dallas ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: She must be very attractive. Would
dialog: she like an autograph? She might
dialog: remember me ... Where's Trini?
text: Looking around desperately.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JONES RANCH - DAY
text: Later. The crowd has thinned further to a hard-core dozen.
text: The last man -- Mitch -- comes from the inner bedrooms,
text: zipping up, the Servants chasing out the straggling girls.
text: Another round of drinks is served. The cigars are out.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Hell, Kennedy's pissed Cuba away to
dialog: the Russians. And he don't know what
dialog: the hell he's doing in Vietnam. These
dialog: are dangerous times, Dick, especially
dialog: for business ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Agreed.
text: A CUBAN in an Italian suit, one part sleazy, another part
text: dangerous, steps from the shadows.
speaker_heading: CUBAN
dialog: We know what you tried to do for Cuba,
dialog: Mr. Nixon. If you'd been elected
dialog: president in '60, we know Castro'd be
text: dead by now.
text: NIXON shares a look with TRINI.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Gentlemen, I tried. I told Kennedy to
dialog: go into Cuba. He heard me and he made
dialog: his decision. I appreciate your
dialog: sentiments. I've heard them from many
dialog: fine Cuban patriots, but it's nothing
dialog: I can do anything about. Now, it's a
dialog: long drive back to Dallas tonight, and
dialog: Trini and I have got an early flight
dialog: tomorrow to New York ...
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Dick, these boys want you to run.
text: (the "boys" mutter in unison)
dialog: They're serious. They can deliver the
dialog: South and they can put Texas in your
dialog: column. That would've done it in '60.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Only if Kennedy dumps Johnson.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: That sonofabitch Kennedy is coming
dialog: back down here tomorrow. Dick, we're
dialog: willing to put up a shitpot fulla
dialog: money to get rid of him -- more
dialog: money'n you ever dreamed of.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Nobody's gonna beat Kennedy in '64
dialog: with all the money in the world.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: CUBAN
dialog: Suppose Kennedy don't run in '64?
text: Nixon looks at him. A subconscious IMAGE again --
text: something slimy, reptilian.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Not a chance.
speaker_heading: CUBAN
dialog: These are dangerous times, Mr. Nixon.
dialog: Anything can happen.
text: Another pause. Nixon gathers together his papers and
dialog: briefcase.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes, well ... Gentlemen, I promised my
dialog: wife. I'm out of politics.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: (insolent smile)
dialog: You just came down here for the
dialog: weather, right, Mr. Nixon?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I came down here to close a deal for
dialog: Studebaker.
speaker_heading: TRINI
dialog: What about '68, Dick?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Five years, Trini? In politics,
dialog: that's an eternity.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Your country needs you, Dick.
text: Nixon shakes his hand, departs.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Unfortunately, my country isn't
dialog: available right now.
scene_heading: EXT. LOVE FIELD - DAY (1963)
text: A CROWD is waiting for Air Force One. People hold banners,
dialog: signs: "Dallas Loves JFK," "We Love You Jackie."
text: A Cadillac pulls up at the far corner of the tarmac. NIXON
text: gets out with CARDOZA. They walk toward a small executive
speaker_heading: PLANE.
text: Nixon pauses, looks up. He feels something ominous in the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Trini, let's get out of here fast. Go
dialog: check on the pilot, or they'll hold us
text: up till he's out of the airport.
text: As Trini hurries off to the plane, Nixon takes one last
text: look up at his fate written in the soft white clouds over
dialog: Dallas. As we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: DOCUMENTARY
text: JOHN KENNEDY coming off the plane at Love Field with
text: JACKIE, waving to the crowd. The sound of a rushing,
text: monstrous engine. Then wind.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIXON'S FIFTH AVENUE APARTMENT - STUDY - DAY (1963)
text: NIXON sits, subdued, in an armchair in a small study,
text: caught between the fire in the grate, the TELEVISION images
text: of the assassination, and the phone call he's on.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (low-key)
dialog: Look, Edgar, these guys were really
dialog: strange, I mean, y'know ...
dialog: extremists, right-wing stuff, Birchers
dialog: ... Yeah?
text: Nixon listens for several beats. PAT, smoking nervously,
text: watches from another chair. Newspapers are strewn all
dialog: around.
text: DOCUMENTARY IMAGES on the TV show a grieving JACKIE, BOBBY,
text: TEDDY and the TWO CHILDREN.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: I see ... Oswald's got a Cuba
dialog: connection ... to Castro? I see. A
dialog: real Communist. That makes sense.
dialog: Thank you, Edgar.
text: He hangs up. It's evident he's still puzzled, but wants to
dialog: believe.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Hoover says this Oswald checks out as
dialog: a beatnik-type, a real bum, pro-Castro
dialog: ...
text: TV images of BOBBY KENNEDY.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Dick, you should call Bobby.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: He doesn't want me at the funeral.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You don't have to go.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (glances at TV)
dialog: De Gaulle's gonna be there. And
dialog: Macmillan. And Adenauer. Nixon can't
dialog: not be there.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Then call him. I'm sure it was an
dialog: oversight.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No. It's his way. He hates me. Him
dialog: and Teddy. They always hated me.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: They've lost a brother. You know what
dialog: that means, Dick.
text: Nixon sighs, watches the TV -- images of a touch football
text: game in Hyannis Port.
scene_heading: SHARP CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIXON HOUSE - ARTHUR'S BEDROOM - DAY (1925)
text: ARTHUR NIXON (7) cries in pain. RICHARD (12) helps FRANK,
text: his father, hold him on the bed as a DOCTOR twists a long
text: needle into the base of Arthur's spine.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Daddy! Please! Make it STOP!!!
text: Arthur's eyes roll onto Richard for help, Richard can't
text: bear it, pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. NIXON HOUSE - PARLOR - DAY (1925)
text: FRANK comes down the narrow stairs, shocked, fighting
text: tears. HANNAH sits reading her Bible. The BOYS linger
text: nervously around their made-up cots in the parlor.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (sobs)
dialog: The doctors are afraid the little
dialog: darling is going to die ...
scene_heading: INT. NIXON HOUSE - ARTHUR'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: ARTHUR laps at some tomato gravy on toast, which makes him
text: happy. His face is angelic, as if he were getting better.
text: HANNAH feeds him, cleans his lips with a napkin, as RICHARD
text: sits close by, squeezing Arthur's hand, puzzled by it all.
text: FLASHES run through his head -- Arthur sitting on his lap,
text: learning to read; Dick swinging Arthur by his arms. DON
text: and HAROLD are also there. The Doctor has gone.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (low)
dialog: Thank you, Mama, I feel better ... I'm
dialog: sleepy.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (removing the food)
dialog: We'll let thee rest now, my little
dialog: angel.
text: She tucks him in. He yawns. The brothers are awkward,
text: ready to leave. Arthur turns his loving eyes on Richard.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Richard, don't you think ... I should
dialog: say a prayer before I sleep?
text: Richard is awkward, stutters.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (nearly cracking)
dialog: Yes, Arthur, I do ...
text: He smiles at her, then:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: If I should die before I wake, I pray
dialog: the Lord my soul to take ...
text: He slips off, into a coma.
text: Richard watches, devastated.
scene_heading: INT. NIXON HOUSE - PARLOR - ANOTHER DAY
text: RICHARD runs to his mother, HANNAH, who is coming down the
text: stairs with FRANK. She seems very shaken, but quiet, off
text: in another world. The moment Richard reaches her, throwing
text: his arms around her skirt, she snaps him back. A harsh,
text: angry voice.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: No! ... No. Don't ...
text: Richard is shocked as his mother sweeps by in her private
dialog: grief.
scene_heading: INT. NIXON'S FIFTH AVENUE APARTMENT - STUDY - DAY
text: RESUME NIXON - his face lost in the silence of the memory.
text: The television SOUNDS fade back in alongside PAT'S voice.
text: TV IMAGE - LYNDON JOHNSON being sworn in.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... if I'd been president, they never
dialog: would have killed me.
text: Pat is bewildered by the statement.
speaker_heading: PAT (O.S.)
dialog: Dick? Are you going to call?
text: He looks at her, absent.
speaker_heading: PAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Bobby?
text: He looks back at the TV screen.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: No ... I'll go through Lyndon. We'll
dialog: be invited.
text: We flash suddenly to Kennedy's head being blown apart.
dialog: Then back to Johnson as we:
scene_heading: CUT FORWARD TO:
speaker_heading: DOCUMENTARY
scene_heading: SUBTITLE READS: "FIVE YEARS LATER - 1968"
scene_heading: IMAGE - CLOSE on LYNDON JOHNSON announcing:
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: ... accordingly, I shall not seek, and
dialog: I will not accept, the nomination of
dialog: my party for another term as your
dialog: president ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME - DAY
text: HANNAH NIXON, in her seventies.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1 (V.O.)
text: ... Johnson's withdrawal resurrects
dialog: Richard Nixon as a strong Republican
dialog: candidate against the war. His
text: mother, Hannah Nixon, just before her
dialog: death last year, commented on her
dialog: son's chances.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2 (O.S.)
dialog: Mrs. Nixon, do you think your son will
dialog: ever return to politics?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I don't think he has a choice. He was
dialog: always a leader.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2 (O.S.)
dialog: Do you think he'd make a great
dialog: president, Mrs. Nixon?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: ... if he's on God's side, yes ...
scene_heading: EXT. NIXON'S FIFTH AVENUE APARTMENT - DAY (1968)
text: REPORTERS flock outside the building as NIXON and his GROUP
text: exit their car, trying to ignore the press.
scene_heading: INT. NIXON'S FIFTH AVENUE APARTMENT - DAY (1968)
text: NIXON enters, ebullient, with MITCHELL, HALDEMAN, ZIEGLER,
text: taking off their winter coats.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Jesus, Dick, never seen anything like
dialog: it! Even the goddamn Times is saying
dialog: you got it.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Vietnam's gonna put you in there this
dialog: time, chief.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: We got the press this time!
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: And we got the "big mo"! We're back!
speaker_heading: PAT (O.S.)
dialog: So? You've decided?
text: They turn. PAT is in the corridor.
speaker_heading: PAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you planning to tell me?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We ... haven't announced anything ...
dialog: uh ...
text: She's walking away, cold. Dick follows, with a look to his
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh, wait ...
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: You need her, Dick -- in '60 she was
dialog: worth five, six million votes.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Don't worry -- I'll use the old Nixon
text: charm on her.
dialog: As he goes:
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: The old Nixon charm? Who could resist
dialog: that.
scene_heading: INT. NIXON'S FIFTH AVENUE APARTMENT - BEDROOM - DAY
text: NIXON enters. PAT is mechanically taking his identical
text: gray suits from the closet and laying them on the bed.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Buddy? ...
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You should be going ... the primaries
dialog: are soon, aren't they? New Hampshire
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: They love you, Buddy. They need you,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I don't want them to love me.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I need you out there. It won't be
dialog: like last time. The war's crippled
dialog: the Democrats. I can win ... We
dialog: deserve it. Yeah, it's ours, Buddy --
dialog: at last. Nobody knows better than
dialog: you. Frank Nixon's boy.
text: Pat slows her packing. Nixon takes her hand.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember what Mom said? We're not
dialog: like other people, we don't choose our
dialog: way. We can really change things,
dialog: Buddy. We've got a chance to get it
dialog: right. We can change America!
text: She stops, looks at him, feels his surge of power.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: It was our dream, too, Buddy, together
dialog: ... always.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Do you really want this, Dick?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: This. Above all.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: And then you'll be happy?
text: The briefest smile opens her face. He takes the inch,
text: presses in, hugs her.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes ... you know it! Yes ... I will.
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (in his embrace)
dialog: Then I'll be there for you.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (exultant)
dialog: You're the strongest woman I ever met.
dialog: I love you, Buddy.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Can I just ask for one thing?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Will you ... would you kiss me?
text: He does so with all the earnestness he is capable of.
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION STUDIO - DAY (1968)
text: NIXON, fielding questions, is on a small stage, surrounded
text: by a STUDIO AUDIENCE in a semi-circle. A mike is around
text: his neck, no separation from the people. PAT sits behind
text: him, a campaign smile painted on. Nixon is visible to us
text: on TV monitors inside an engineer's booth.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TV)
dialog: I would never question Senator
dialog: Kennedy's patriotism. But going
dialog: around the country promising peace at
dialog: any price is exactly what the North
dialog: Vietnamese want to hear.
text: Cheers. Applause.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (to the TV director)
dialog: Cue the crowd. Go to the woman's
dialog: group. Get the bald guy, he's great
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON T.V.)
dialog: I, unlike Senator Kennedy, have a plan
dialog: to end the war. But not for peace at
dialog: any price, but peace with honor!
scene_heading: EXT. LA COSTA COUNTRY CLUB - ESTABLISHING - DAY
scene_heading: EXT. LA COSTA COUNTRY CLUB - PRIVATE PATIO - DAY
text: J. EDGAR HOOVER (60's), short and fat, covered with steam
text: room sweat, looks like a Roman emperor, as he watches
text: television intermittently, taking pictures of CLYDE TOLSON
text: (50's), his long-time friend and associate. Tolson has a
text: towel around his waist and one over his head.
speaker_heading: TOLSON
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: What do you think this plan is, Edgar?
dialog: A nuclear attack?
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: He's lying, Clyde. Always has.
dialog: That's why Nixon's always been useful.
dialog: Hold still. And take your hand off
dialog: your hip.
text: JOAQUIN, a very young, near-naked Hispanic boy, comes in
text: with refreshments: orange slices, fruit, and pastel drinks
text: with parasols.
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TV STUDIO - DAY
text: RON ZIEGLER checks his scripts as NIXON continues on the
text: other side of the glass.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Who's next?
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: The Negro. We gotta have a Negro.
text: A BLACK MAN appears on the monitors.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: Mr. Nixon ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes, sir!
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: You've made a career out of smearing
dialog: people as Communists. And now you're
dialog: building your campaign on the
dialog: divisions in this country. Stirring
dialog: up hatred, turning people against each
dialog: other ...
text: Ziegler and HALDEMAN are apoplectic.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: What the fuck's he doing? He's making
dialog: a speech.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: Cut him off!
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: I can't cut him off! This isn't
dialog: Russia!
text: The Black Man turns to the studio audience.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: You don't want a real dialogue with
dialog: the American people. This whole
dialog: thing's been staged. These aren't
dialog: real people. You're just a mouthpiece
dialog: for an agenda that is hidden from us.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Go to commercial!
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: There are no commercials. You bought
dialog: the whole half-hour, baby ...
text: The Black Man is walking down the aisle toward Nixon.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: (impassioned)
dialog: When are you going to tell us what you
dialog: really stand for? When are you going
dialog: to take the mask off and show us who
dialog: you really are?
text: Close on Nixon's upper lip, sweating.
text: Haldeman watches intently.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: It's a high hard one, chief. Park it.
text: Nixon gathers himself, looks firmly at the Black Man.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes, there are divisions in this
dialog: country ...
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: Who made them -- you made them!
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... but I didn't create them. The
dialog: Democrats did! If it's a dialogue you
dialog: want, you're more likely to get it
dialog: from me than from the people who are
dialog: burning down the cities! Just think
dialog: about that ... The great Doctor King
dialog: said the same things. You know, young
dialog: man, who a great hero is -- Abraham
dialog: Lincoln. Because he stood for common
dialog: ground, he brought this country
dialog: together ...
text: The audience applauds. Haldeman punches Ziegler's arm.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: I love that man!
dialog: (then)
dialog: Fire the sonofabitch who let that
dialog: agitator in!
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Okay, go to the little girl. Can he
dialog: see the little girl?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
text: She's right down front.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I don't know if you can see her, but
text: there's a little girl sitting down
dialog: here with a sign. Could you hold that
dialog: up, sweetheart?
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: Bag the guy. Take the sign!
text: The Camera cuts to a LITTLE GIRL holding a hand-lettered
dialog: sign.
speaker_heading: NIXON
text: The sign has on it three simple words:
dialog: "Bring us together!" That is what I
dialog: want, and that is what the great
dialog: silent majority of Americans want!
text: The audience loves it. APPLAUSE signs light up.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouts over)
dialog: And that's why I want to be president.
dialog: I want to bring us together!
scene_heading: EXT. LA COSTA COUNTRY CLUB - PRIVATE PATIO - DAY
text: Like a lizard, HOOVER eyes JOAQUIN, the Hispanic boy.
speaker_heading: TOLSON
dialog: ... give me a break, Mary.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: You all know me. I'm one of you, I
dialog: grew up a stone's throw from here on a
dialog: little lemon ranch in Yorba Linda ...
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: (mimics)
dialog: It was the poorest lemon ranch in
dialog: California, I can tell you that. My
dialog: father sold it before they found oil
text: on it.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: It was the poorest lemon ranch in
dialog: California, I can assure you. My
dialog: father sold it before they found oil
text: on it.
speaker_heading: TOLSON
dialog: (mimics)
dialog: But it was all we had.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: ... but it was all we had.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: You're new. What's your name?
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: Joaquin, Mr. Hoover.
text: Hoover selects an orange slice, puts one end between his
text: teeth. Wiggles it. Joaquin bends over, bites off the
text: other end. Tolson looks peeved.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: My father built the house where I was
dialog: born with his own hands. Oh, it
dialog: wasn't a big house ...
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: Turn this crap off, Clyde. It's
dialog: giving me a headache ... You may go,
dialog: Joaquin.
text: He takes a drink off Joaquin's tray as Clyde turns off the
text: TV. Joaquin vanishes.
speaker_heading: HOOVER (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to see him tomorrow, Clyde.
speaker_heading: TOLSON
dialog: Edgar, think twice. He works in the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: Not Joaquin, you idiot. Nixon. Did
dialog: you hear what he said in Oregon?
dialog: About me having too much power.
speaker_heading: TOLSON
dialog: It's between Nixon and a Kennedy
dialog: again, Edgar ... Who do you want?
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: Kennedy -- never. He'll fry in hell
dialog: for what he did to me. But Nixon
dialog: doesn't know that, which is why I'm
dialog: gonna have to remind him he needs us a
dialog: helluva lot more'n we need him.
scene_heading: EXT. DEL MAR RACETRACK - STARTING GATE - DAY
text: THOROUGHBREDS explode out of the chutes.
scene_heading: EXT. DEL MAR RACETRACK - CLUBHOUSE - DAY
text: A private box just above the finish line. HOOVER raises
text: his binoculars, watching the race. He is wearing a white
text: tropical suit, Panama hat, white shoes. CLYDE is dressed
dialog: similarly.
text: JOHNNY ROSELLI, white hair, deep tan, sharp dresser, sits
text: with him in the box, spots someone ...
speaker_heading: ROSELLI
dialog: Your boy's on his way up ... I met him
dialog: years ago. In Havana.
text: ON THE TRACK: TWO HORSES are in a terrific stretch drive.
text: HOOVER watches impassively.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (O.S.)
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: And down the stretch they come! It's
dialog: Sunday's Chance Son and Olly's Boy
text: duelling for the lead ...
text: CLOSE: OLLY'S BOY puts a nose in front of SUNDAY'S CHANCE.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: He's folding, Johnny.
text: ON THE TRACK: Sunday's Chance is tiring, falling behind
dialog: Olly's Boy.
speaker_heading: ROSELLI
dialog: You just wait a second.
text: CLOSE: On Olly's Boy bandaged front legs. Then, Olly Boy's
text: right foreleg snaps. It sounds like a rifle shot.
text: Olly's Boy goes down over his shoulder. The JOCKEY is
text: thrown across the track.
text: The CROWD is stunned. Sunday's Chance wins easily.
text: Hoover turns to Roselli.
speaker_heading: TOLSON
dialog: A bit extreme, isn't it?
speaker_heading: ROSELLI
dialog: It's the drama.
dialog: (gestures to the crowd)
dialog: The crowd loves that shit. Hey!
dialog: There's Randolph Scott. You might
dialog: like that guy, friend of mine. Wanna
dialog: meet him? Edgar?
text: SHOUTING and CHEERS behind them. They turn. NIXON is
text: making his way down the aisle, waving to the crowd. He is
text: followed by HALDEMAN.
text: Hoover passes Roselli a ticket.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: Not now, Johnny. Cash this for me,
dialog: would you?
speaker_heading: ROSELLI
dialog: It's a two-dollar bet, Edgar. You got
dialog: thousands coming on this ... what the
dialog: fuck?
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: I told you, just cash it, Johnny. And
dialog: don't swear around me ...
text: A beat. Roselli crosses Nixon, who enters the box.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Edgar, wonderful to see you. Clyde
dialog: ... hi.
speaker_heading: TOLSON
dialog: Mr. Nixon.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: Thank you for coming, Dick.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Winning?
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: Actually, I've just had a bit of luck.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (O.S.)
text: The management of Del Mar is saddened
dialog: to announce that Olly's Boy will have
dialog: to be destroyed ...
text: Groans from the crowd.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Oh, my goodness ...
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: How about you? Are you going to win?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You should ask Bobby.
speaker_heading: TOLSON
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: ... little Bobby.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: Would you walk with me down to the
dialog: paddock? I'd like to look at the
dialog: horses for the eighth.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Can't we just talk here? I've got the
dialog: police chiefs in San Diego.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: I'm trying to spare you an
text: embarrassment. Johnny Roselli is on
dialog: his way back here.
text: Nixon looks sick.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Roselli? Johnny Roselli?
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: Yes. Your old friend from Cuba.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I never met the man.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: I know you've been very careful not
dialog: to. That's why I'm concerned.
text: Nixon glances at Hoover. Hoover smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. DEL MAR RACETRACK - PADDOCK - DAY (1968)
text: Moving with NIXON, HOOVER and TOLSON along the rail outside
text: the walking ring. FBI AGENTS have cleared a circle around
text: them. The HORSES for the next race are being saddled.
text: Nixon waves to PATRONS of the track.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: You'll win the nomination.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It could be '60 all over again, Edgar.
dialog: Bobby's got the magic, like a goddamn
text: rock star. They climb all over each
dialog: other just to touch his clothes!
dialog: He'll ride his brother's corpse right
text: into the White House.
speaker_heading: TOLSON
dialog: Ummm...
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: (nods)
dialog: If things remain as they are ... He's
dialog: got the anti-war vote.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Or he'll steal it like his brother.
dialog: He's a mean little sonofabitch, Edgar
dialog: ... He had the IRS audit my mother
text: when she was dying in a nursing home.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: I know ...
speaker_heading: TOLSON
dialog: (casually)
dialog: ... Somebody should shoot the little
dialog: bastard.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I wanna fight just as dirty as he
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: TOLSON
dialog: ... Use his women.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... Any information you have, Edgar.
dialog: The sonofabitch is not gonna steal
dialog: from me again! Can you back me up on
dialog: this? Can I count on your support?
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: (amused)
dialog: I look at it from the point of view
dialog: that the system can only take so much
text: abuse. It adjusts itself eventually,
dialog: but at times there are ... savage
text: outbursts. The late "Doctor" King for
text: example. A moral hypocrite screwing
dialog: women like a degenerate tomcat,
dialog: stirring up the blacks, preaching
dialog: against our system ...
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Sometimes the system comes close to
dialog: cracking.
text: Hoover stop in front of a huge GELDING, pats his muzzle.
speaker_heading: HOOVER (CONT'D)
dialog: We've already had one radical in the
dialog: White House. I don't think we could
dialog: survive another.
text: Nixon feels uncomfortable. Images, vague, disturbing.
text: Even the nostrils on the horse seem to be emitting a
text: devil's fire, and the noises of the snorting animal magnify
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Yeah, well, as I said, Edgar ...
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: (precisely)
dialog: You asked if you could count on my
dialog: support ... As long as I can count on
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O., ON TAPE)
dialog: The old queen did it on purpose.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - LINCOLN SITTING ROOM - NIGHT (1973)
text: RESUME SCENE - NIXON listens as the tape rolls.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TAPE)
dialog: He wasn't protecting me. He was
dialog: putting me on notice.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN (ON TAPE)
dialog: What? That he knew Johnny Roselli?
dialog: Hoover knew a lot of gangsters.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TAPE)
dialog: Yeah, but Roselli wasn't just any
dialog: gangster. He was the gangster who set
dialog: up Track 2 in Cuba.
scene_heading: INT. EXEC OFFICE BLDG - NIXON OFFICE - NIGHT (1972)
text: NIXON and HALDEMAN are alone. The lights are on. Nixon's
text: had a couple of drinks. The talk is a little looser.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (confused)
dialog: I don't understand. Track 2's Chile?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Chile, Congo, Guatemala, Cuba.
dialog: Wherever's there's a need for an
dialog: Executive Action capability, there's a
dialog: Track 2. In Cuba, Track 1 was the Bay
dialog: of Pigs invasion. Track 2 ... it was
dialog: our idea.
dialog: (stands)
dialog: We felt the invasion wouldn't work
dialog: unless we got rid of Castro. So we
dialog: asked ourselves -- who else wants
dialog: Castro dead? The Mafia, the money
dialog: people. So we put together Track 2
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: CUBA MONTAGE
text: Images begin to project from that long-ago time. A YOUNGER
text: NIXON. Macho Cuban "Freedom Fighters" in the Keys and
text: Guatemala. The CIA, the MOB -- including JOHNNY ROSELLI.
text: FAT CATS and CASINO BOSSES shaking hands with young Nixon
text: on his visit in the 40's. A Rum and Coca-Cola SONG plays.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: The first assassination attempt was in
dialog: '60, just before the election.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Before?! Eisenhower approved that?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: He didn't veto it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I ran the White House side. The mob
dialog: contact was Johnny Roselli.
dialog: (then)
dialog: One of the CIA guys was that jackass,
dialog: Howard Hunt.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: And not just Hunt. Frank Sturgis, all
dialog: those Cubans. All of them in the
dialog: Watergate. They were involved in
dialog: Track 2 in Cuba.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hunt reported to my military aide.
dialog: But I met with him several times as
dialog: Vice President. That's what worries
dialog: the shit out of me. I don't know how
dialog: much Hunt knows. Or the Cubans.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: So? You wanted Castro dead.
dialog: Everybody wanted Castro dead. If Hunt
dialog: and the others are CIA, why don't we
dialog: just throw this back in the CIA's lap?
dialog: Let Richard Helms take the fall?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Because ... because Dick Helms knows
dialog: too much ... If anyone in this country
dialog: knows more than I do, it's Hoover and
dialog: Helms! You don't fuck with Dick
dialog: Helms! Period.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Alright. But why, if Kennedy is so
dialog: clean in all this, didn't he cancel
dialog: Track 2?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Because he didn't even know about it.
dialog: The CIA never told him, they just kept
dialog: it going. It was like ... it had a
dialog: life of its own. Like ... a kind of
dialog: "beast" that doesn't even know it
dialog: exists. It just eats people when it
dialog: doesn't need 'em anymore.
text: (drops back in his chair)
dialog: Two days after the Bay of Pigs,
dialog: Kennedy called me in. He reamed my
dialog: ass ...
text: DOCUMENTARY INTERCUT: Brief, moving, live-action image of
scene_heading: JOHN KENNEDY.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: ... he'd just found out about Track 2.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: You never told him?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I didn't want him to get the credit.
dialog: He said I'd stabbed him in the back.
dialog: Called me a two-bit grocery clerk from
dialog: Whittier.
text: Nixon's face expresses the deep hurt of that insult.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: That was the last time I ever saw him.
text: IMAGE - the "Beast" - an image of Kennedy perverted, his
text: head blown off ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: If they didn't tell Kennedy about
dialog: Track 2, how did Hoover find out?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: They had us bugged. Christ, he had
dialog: everybody bugged. Yeah, he was gonna
dialog: support me in '68, but he was also
dialog: threatening me.
dialog: (then)
dialog: That was Hoover: he'd give you the
dialog: carrot, but he'd make damn sure the
dialog: stick went right up your ass.
scene_heading: INT. AMBASSADOR HOTEL - PANTRY - 1968
text: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE of chaos in the pantry. The camera is
text: jostled. Women screaming. A man is being wrestled to the
dialog: floor.
text: ROBERT KENNEDY lies there, mortally wounded.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: When I saw Bobby lying there on the
text: floor, his arm outstretched like that
dialog: ...
scene_heading: INT. EXEC OFFICE BLDG - NIXON OFFICE - NIGHT (1973)
scene_heading: RESUME SCENE - NIXON and HALDEMAN
speaker_heading: NIXON
text: ... his eyes staring ...
dialog: (then)
dialog: I knew I'd be president.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Death paved the way, didn't it?
dialog: Vietnam. The Kennedys.
text: It cleared a path through the
dialog: wilderness for me. Over the bodies
text: ... Four bodies.
text: Haldeman corrects him.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: You mean two ... two bodies?
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - LINCOLN SITTING ROOM - NIGHT (1973)
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN (ON TAPE)
dialog: You mean two ... two bodies?
text: RESUME SCENE - NIXON takes a slug of Scotch, then he rubs
text: the bridge of his nose, looks up at the portrait of
text: Lincoln. A pause.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (slurs, softly to Lincoln)
dialog: How many did you have? Hundreds of
dialog: thousands ... Where would we be
dialog: without death, huh, Abe?
text: Nixon stands, steadies himself.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Who's helping us? Is it God? Or is
dialog: it ... Death?
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SANITARIUM CABIN - PORCH - ARIZONA - DAY (1933)
text: A lunar landscape -- barren, scorched, silent. Suddenly,
text: violent, desperate coughing.
text: HAROLD NIXON (23) is doubled over the railing, a long
text: string of bloody mucus hanging from his lips. He is
text: shockingly emaciated -- the last stages of tuberculosis.
text: HANNAH NIXON, in background attending TWO OTHER PATIENTS,
text: looks on at Harold.
text: RICHARD (19) hurries out of the cabin with a cotton cloth.
text: He holds Harold until he stops heaving. Then, he wipes his
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: ... that was a whopper.
text: Richard carefully folds the cloth, drops it into a metal
text: container that is already full of them. He stands there,
text: helpless, a solemn boy.
speaker_heading: HAROLD (CONT'D)
dialog: (panting)
dialog: Hey ... you'll be able to do it now.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: What ... ?
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Go to law school. Mom and Dad'll be
dialog: able to afford it now ...
text: Richard looks at him in horror.
speaker_heading: HAROLD (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom expects great things from you ...
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Harold ... can I get you anything?
text: Harold throws a loving arm around Richard, who tenses. We
dialog: sense that Harold in some way could have helped Richard,
dialog: taught him to laugh a bit.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: (a gentle smile)
dialog: Relax, Dick, it's just me ... The
dialog: desert's so beautiful, isn't it?
dialog: (then)
dialog: I want to go home, Dick. Time to go
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: You're not gonna quit on me, are you,
dialog: Harold?
text: Harold looks out over the landscape. Silence.
scene_heading: INT. NIXON HOUSE - PARLOR - NIGHT (1933)
text: RICHARD sits staring into the fire. He still wears his
text: black suit from Harold's funeral. HANNAH enters quietly.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Richard?
text: He looks up at her.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I can't ...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Thou must.
text: She moves closer, casting a shadow over his face.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a gift, Richard. This law school
dialog: is a gift from your brother.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (bitter)
dialog: Did he have to die for me to get it?!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It's meant to make us stronger.
dialog: (kneels)
dialog: Thou art stronger than Harold ...
dialog: stronger than Arthur. God has chosen
dialog: thee to survive ...
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: What about happiness, Mother?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Thou must find thy peace at the
dialog: center, Richard. Strength in this
dialog: life. Happiness in the next.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. REPUBLICAN CONVENTION - NIGHT (1968)
text: ON RICHARD NIXON (55) in his prime. A profile of his face,
text: as the vast crowd goes berserk. Nixon absorbs the
text: adoration: at last, he has arrived. He looks down at
text: someone in the audience. Points, smiles, waves.
text: Then he steps forward, thrusts his arms in the air -- the
text: twin-V salute. The cheers rattle the hall as PAT and their
text: DAUGHTERS join him, followed by Vice President SPIRO AGNEW
text: and his FAMILY. Nixon puts his arm around Pat. She waves.
text: The crowd is on its feet.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (privately, to Pat)
dialog: Now tell me you didn't want this,
dialog: Buddy.
text: Pat smiles back at him, caught up in it. Then she kisses
text: him on the cheek.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: NIXON addresses the DELEGATES (a composite of Nixon
dialog: speeches).
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: It's time for some honest talk about
dialog: the problem of law and order in the
dialog: United States. I pledge to you that
dialog: the current wave of violence will not
dialog: be the wave of the future!
text: Vast APPLAUSE.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
text: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - 1. Civil war. Tanks in the streets
text: of DETROIT. 2. A BLACK PANTHER safe-house in flames
text: surrounded by FBI AGENTS.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ... The long dark night for America is
dialog: about to end ... Let us begin by
dialog: committing ourselves to the truth --
dialog: to find the truth, to speak the truth.
dialog: And to live the truth ... A new voice
dialog: is being heard across America today:
dialog: it is not the voice of the protestors
dialog: or the shouters, it is the voice of a
dialog: majority of Americans who have been
dialog: quiet Americans over the past few
dialog: years ... a silent majority.
text: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - 3. GEORGE WALLACE whips a DIXIE CROWD
text: into a frenzy. 4. The WOUNDED KNEE SIEGE is underway - FBI
text: AGENTS and LOCAL MILITANTS pour fire in on the INDIAN
text: MILITANTS. 5. The YIPPIE DEMONSTRATORS outside the
text: CHICAGO DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION. Chicago POLICE wade in with
text: nightsticks, tear gas.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: (at the podium)
dialog: Who are they? Let me tell you who
dialog: they are -- they're in this audience
dialog: by the thousands, they're the workers
dialog: of America, they're white Americans
dialog: and black Americans ...
text: We cut among the DELEGATES, seeking to show the face of the
text: populace that is torn by civil war.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: ... they are the Mexican Americans and
dialog: the Italian Americans, they're the
dialog: great silent majority, and they have
text: become angry, finally; angry not with
dialog: hate but angry, my friends, because
dialog: they love America and they don't like
dialog: what's happened to America these last
dialog: four years! We will regain respect
dialog: for America in the world. A burned
text: American library, a desecrated flag
dialog: ... Let us understand: North Vietnam
dialog: cannot defeat or humiliate the United
dialog: States. Only Americans can do that!
dialog: This brings the house down! As we:
speaker_heading: CROSSCUT TO:
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - 6. CHICAGO is now a full-scale POLICE
text: RIOT. The COPS have lost all control, swinging nightsticks
text: wildly, breaking heads, dozens of arrests.
text: Closing on NIXON at the podium.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's face it. Most Americans today,
dialog: in a crisis of spirit, are simply fed
dialog: up with government at all levels. All
dialog: the Great Society activists are lying
dialog: out there in wait, poised to get you
dialog: if you try to come after them: the
dialog: professional welfareists, the urban
dialog: planners, the day-carers, the public
dialog: housers. The costly current welfare
dialog: system is a mess, and we are on the
dialog: brink of a revolt of the lower middle
dialog: class. The bottom line is -- no work,
dialog: no welfare. Our opponents have
dialog: exaggerated and over-emphasized
dialog: society as the cause of crimes. The
dialog: war on poverty is not a war on crime,
dialog: and it is no substitute for a war on
dialog: crime.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I say to you tonight we must have a
dialog: new feeling of responsibility, of self
dialog: discipline. We must look to renew
dialog: state and local government! We must
dialog: have a complete reform of a big,
text: bloated federal government. The
dialog: average American is just like the
dialog: child in the family. You give him
dialog: some responsibility and he is going to
dialog: amount to something. If you make him
text: completely dependent and pamper him,
dialog: you are going to make him soft, and a
dialog: very weak individual.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: I begin with the proposition that
dialog: freedom of choice in housing,
dialog: education and jobs is the right of
dialog: every American. On the other hand, I
dialog: am convinced that while legal
dialog: segregation is totally wrong, forced
dialog: integration of housing or education is
dialog: just as wrong! We simply have to face
dialog: the hard fact that the law cannot go
dialog: beyond what people are willing to
dialog: support. This was true as far as
dialog: Prohibition was concerned. It is far
dialog: more true with regard to education and
dialog: housing ... Yet those of us in public
dialog: service know -- we can have full
dialog: prosperity in peace time ...
dialog: Yes, we can cut the defense budget.
dialog: We can reduce conventional forces in
dialog: Europe. We can restore the national
dialog: environment. We can improve health
dialog: care and make it available more fairly
dialog: to all people. And yes, we can have a
dialog: complete reform of this government.
dialog: We can have a new American Revolution.
speaker_heading: CROSSCUT TO:
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - 7. The young CHICAGO DEMONSTRATORS
text: are chanting rebelliously at POLICE.
speaker_heading: DEMONSTRATORS
dialog: The whole world is watching! The
dialog: whole world is watching!
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - 8. A B-52 unloads BOMBS and NAPALM
text: over jungle.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE READS: "LAOS - SECRET BOMBING CAMPAIGN, 1969-70;
dialog: 242,000 MISSIONS."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMIT SCENE #58
scene_heading: EXT. THE WHITE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The lights are blazing late with war talk.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - SIDE OFFICE - NIGHT
text: In a small paneled room, the talk is angry: BILL ROGERS,
dialog: Secretary of State, MEL LAIRD, Defense Secretary, to one
text: side; KISSINGER with HAIG, seen earlier, but now
text: Kissinger's assistant, to the other side of the desk, as
text: NIXON listens; HALDEMAN takes notes. ZIEGLER looks on.
text: Though a stand-up chart displays a large map of Cambodia's
dialog: border with South Vietnam, we may note there are no
text: military personnel in the room.
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: ... It'd be a disaster for us, Mr.
dialog: President. There's a lot of sympathy
text: out there for Cambodia, a tiny,
dialog: neutral Buddhist nation. There'd be
text: protests in the streets, right out on
dialog: your front lawn ...
speaker_heading: LAIRD
dialog: ... Building this Cambodian army up
dialog: will be harder even than the
dialog: Vietnamese army. They have no
dialog: tradition of ... The government there
dialog: would collapse if we ...
text: Nixon's eyes narrow, furious.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: So you're saying, "Do nothing" --
dialog: that's what you're saying. The same
dialog: old shit. Well, that's not good
dialog: enough. I'm sick of being pushed
dialog: around by the Vietnamese like some
dialog: pitiful giant. They're using our POWs
dialog: to humiliate us. What we need now is
dialog: a bold move to Cambodia; go right
dialog: after the VC base camps, make 'em
dialog: scream. That's what I think. You,
dialog: Henry?
text: A pivotal moment for Henry. Nixon is clearly scrutinizing
text: Kissinger, who glances at his rivals.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Well, as you know, most of my staff
dialog: have weighed in against this
dialog: "incursion." They believe it will
dialog: fail to achieve anything fundamental
dialog: militarily, and will result in
dialog: crushing criticism domestically ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: I didn't ask what your staff thinks,
dialog: Henry. What do you think?
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What I think is ... they're cowards.
dialog: Their opposition represents the
dialog: cowardice of the Eastern
dialog: Establishment. They don't realize as
dialog: you do, Mr. President, that the
dialog: Communists only respect strength, and
dialog: they will only negotiate in good faith
dialog: if they fear the "madman," Richard
dialog: Nixon.
text: Nixon lets a dark smile curl one side of his mouth.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Exactly! We've got to take the war to
dialog: them. Hit 'em where it hurts -- right
dialog: in the nuts. More assassinations,
dialog: more killings. Right, Al?
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: That's what they're doing.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: These State Department jerks, Bill,
dialog: don't understand;
dialog: you got to electrify people with bold
dialog: moves. Bold moves make history, like
dialog: Teddy Roosevelt -- "T.R." -- rushing
dialog: up San Juan Hill. Small event but
dialog: dramatic. People took notice.
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: They'll take notice all right.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: The fact is if we sneak out of this
dialog: war, there'll be another one a mile
text: down the road.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We bite the bullet here. In Cambodia.
dialog: We blow the hell out of these people!
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: What should we tell the press?
speaker_heading: DOCUMENTARY
text: FOOTAGE - 9. Bombs dropping over Cambodia.
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - 10. Combined U.S. and SOUTH
text: VIETNAMESE TROOPS invade CAMBODIA.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE READS: "APRIL 1970"
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Tonight, American and South Vietnamese
dialog: units will attack the headquarters for
dialog: the entire Communist military
dialog: operation in South Vietnam. This is
dialog: not an invasion of Cambodia. We take
dialog: this action not for the purpose of
dialog: expanding the war into Cambodia, but
dialog: for the purpose of ending the war in
dialog: Vietnam ...
speaker_heading: CROSSCUT TO:
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - 11. The Administration Building at
text: BERKELEY is burning. POLICE in riot gear move in. A
text: BATTLE between STUDENTS and POLICE is taking place.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Across the country, several hundred
text: universities are in turmoil as
text: students battle police in protest
dialog: against the invasion of Cambodia ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - 11. KENT STATE UNIVERSITY - (1970) -
text: A phalanx of NATIONAL GUARDSMEN advances. They look very
text: young and scared. A CROWD of STUDENTS taunts them.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: (a speech)
dialog: When I think of those kids out there,
dialog: kids who are just doing their duty ...
speaker_heading: CROSSCUT TO:
scene_heading: IN. THE WHITE HOUSE - EAST ROOM - DAY
text: The end of a ceremony for a released VIETNAM POW. NIXON,
text: with JULIE, stands before emotional WIVES, DEFENSE
text: DEPARTMENT EMPLOYEES, and UNIFORMED OFFICERS. The POW sits
text: in a wheelchair at NIXON'S elbow, emaciated, the blue
text: ribbon of the Congressional Medal of Honor around his neck.
text: PAT is also there.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (continues)
dialog: I'm sure they're scared. I was when I
dialog: was there. But when it really comes
dialog: down to it ...
dialog: (turns to the POW)
dialog: ... you have to look up to these men.
dialog: They're the greatest!
text: Applause. The POW manages a smile.
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - An ugly stand-off. The STUDENTS
text: confront the GUARDSMEN, jeering. The GUARDSMEN lower their
text: bayonets.
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: One-two-three-four. We don't want
dialog: your fucking war.
text: Someone throws a rock.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE:
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (continues)
dialog: You see these bums, you know, blowing
text: up the campuses, burning books and so
dialog: forth. They call themselves "flower
dialog: children." Well, I call them spoiled
dialog: rotten. And I tell you what would
dialog: cure them -- a good old-fashioned trip
dialog: to my Ohio father's woodshed. That's
dialog: what these bums need!
text: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - More STUDENTS are throwing rocks.
text: The GUARDSMEN are momentarily panicked, confused.
text: Then, suddenly: they open fire. A melee. Screaming.
text: STUDENTS running.
text: Then: half a dozen BODIES lie on the ground. A young WOMAN
text: crouches over a BODY, crying.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1 (V.O.)
dialog: Today, less than twenty-four hours
dialog: after President Nixon called them
dialog: "bums," four students were shot dead
dialog: at Kent State University in Ohio.
scene_heading: EXT. POTOMAC RIVER - YACHT SEQUOIA - NIGHT
text: NIXON sits at the head of an outdoor dinner table with
text: HALDEMAN, EHRLICHMAN, ZIEGLER, KISSINGER. They are being
text: served steaks by MANOLO, Nixon's Cuban valet.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1 (V.O.)
text: Enraged student groups across the
dialog: country are calling for a general
dialog: strike tomorrow to shut down the
dialog: entire university system until the
text: Vietnam War is ended.
text: MITCHELL joins them.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (grim)
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Four. Two boys. Two girls. And
text: eight wounded.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Jesus Christ!
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: One of the fathers was on the TV
dialog: saying, "My child was not a bum." And
text: it's playing like gangbusters. Hell,
dialog: Hoover told me one of the girls was a
dialog: nymph.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Shit, the press doesn't care about the
dialog: facts. Cronkite's sticking it to me.
dialog: It's their first big hit on Richard
dialog: Nixon.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
text: The governor says they were rioting.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: The governor's full of shit. Most of
dialog: them were changing classes.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Oh, I suppose you would've just let
dialog: them take over. These aren't
dialog: fraternity pranks, John. It's
dialog: anarchy. A revolution!
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: I don't know if I'd go that far, sir.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Is the war worth it? Is it worth a
dialog: one-term presidency? Because I think
dialog: right now that's what we're looking
dialog: at.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I will not go down as the first
dialog: American president to lose a war!
dialog: Going into Cambodia, bombing Hanoi,
dialog: bombing Laos -- it buys us time so we
dialog: can get out and give the South
dialog: Vietnamese a fighting chance.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Exactly, sir. That is your historical
dialog: contribution: to lead boldly in an era
dialog: of limits.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (drinks)
dialog: No one understands! -- even my own
dialog: men. What do you think the Communists
dialog: respond to? Honesty, liberal guilt,
dialog: soul-wringing crap, fathers on TV
dialog: crying? Hell no! I understand the
dialog: Communist mind, I've studied it for
dialog: thirty years. They grasp
dialog: "realpolitik" better than any of us,
dialog: right, Henry?
text: Henry nods.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: We gotta make 'em think we're just as
dialog: tough as they are -- that Nixon's a
dialog: mad bomber, he might do anything! I
dialog: played a lot of poker in World War II
dialog: (Haldeman and Ehrlichman know the
dialog: story), and I won big, and let me tell
dialog: you this -- unpredictability is our
dialog: best asset. That redneck Johnson left
dialog: me with a shitty hand and I'm
dialog: bluffing. I've got to play the hawk
dialog: in Vietnam and the dove in China.
dialog: And if we keep our heads, we can win
dialog: this thing.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: What? Win Vietnam, sir?
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: No ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No! But what we can do with Vietnam,
dialog: Ron, is drive a stake through the
dialog: heart of the Communist alliance!
text: Henry's already getting strong signals
dialog: from the Chinese. They hate the Viets
dialog: more than the Russians, and they're
dialog: worried about a unified Vietnam. The
dialog: Russians hate the Chinese and are
dialog: supporting the Viets, you understand?
dialog: If we stick it out in Vietnam ...
dialog: we'll end up negotiating separately
dialog: with both the Chinese and the Soviets.
dialog: And we'll get better deals than we
dialog: ever dreamed of from both ...
text: Kissinger nods.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: That's triangular diplomacy,
dialog: gentlemen.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Exactly, yes, Mr. President. That is
dialog: my contention.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: That's what geopolitics is about --
dialog: the whole world linked by self
dialog: interest ... You tell me, Ron, how the
dialog: hell I can explain that on television
text: to a bunch of simple-minded reporters
dialog: and weeping fucking mothers!
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: But what am I telling the press about
dialog: Kent State?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Tell 'em what you like; they'll never
dialog: understand it anyway.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Excuse me ... Are you talking about
dialog: recognizing China, Mr. President?
dialog: That would cost us our strongest
dialog: support.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No ... I can do this because I've
dialog: spent my whole career building anti
dialog: Communist credentials.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: If Johnson or Kennedy tried it, they'd
dialog: have crucified them, and rightfully
dialog: so!
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: It's damned risky, Mr. President. Why
dialog: don't we wait till the second term?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (repeats)
dialog: This will get me a second term. Damn
text: it, without risk, there's no heroism.
dialog: There's no history. I, Nixon, was
dialog: born to do this.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Mr. President, this cannot be
dialog: breathed! Especially to our secretary
dialog: of state -- that cretin Rogers ... The
dialog: Chinese would never trust us again.
dialog: The only way, I emphasize only way, to
dialog: pull this off is in secret.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (cackles)
dialog: This is a major coup, gentlemen -- our
dialog: own State Department doesn't even
dialog: know. And if it leaks out of here
dialog: tonight ...
text: A pause. He eyes them. Discomfort.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Well, one way or the other, Kent State
dialog: is not good. We have to get out in
dialog: front of this thing. The PR is going
dialog: to murder us.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Money. Follow the money.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: These kids are being manipulated by
dialog: the Communists. Like Chambers and
dialog: Hiss.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (smoking his pipe)
dialog: This isn't '48, Dick. They'll never
dialog: buy it.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (angry)
dialog: How do you know that, John? Did we
dialog: try? Are we just giving up like the
dialog: rest of 'em? What's Hoover found, for
dialog: God's sake?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Well, he called the other day, sir.
dialog: He asked for President Harding.
text: Laughter around the table.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: He's an idiot ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Seriously, sir, he's gotta go ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We can't touch Hoover --
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: I thought the gloves were off.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: -- as long as he's got secret files on
dialog: everybody. I don't want 'em used
dialog: against us.
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: What about the CIA? Helms's done
dialog: nothing for us. I want to see him.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: With Hiss, Mr. President, you had the
dialog: microfilm, you had the lie. With the
dialog: students, we got no proof.
speaker_heading: NIXON
text: The soldiers were provoked. The
dialog: students started it, for Christ's
dialog: sake!
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Sir, there's dead American kids here.
dialog: Let's say we don't apologize for Kent
dialog: State, but maybe we could have a
dialog: national prayer day ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: ... never complain, never explain,
dialog: John ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (yells)
dialog: I tell you, the soldiers were
dialog: provoked. Now stop this pussyfooting
dialog: around.
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Dead kids! How the hell did we ever
dialog: give the Democrats a weapon like this?
dialog: (then)
dialog: I mean, if Cambodia doesn't work,
dialog: we'll bomb Hanoi if we have to.
text: They all look at him. He is resolute.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: That's right! And if necessary, I'll
dialog: drop the big one.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: We have to entertain the possibility
dialog: ...
text: Nixon looks down at his steak. It is oozing blood. Too
text: much blood -- something is very wrong. He shoots back,
text: momentarily terrified.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Goddamn it! Who the hell cooked this
dialog: steak?
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Manolo, there's blood all over my
dialog: plate.
text: NIXON throws down his knife and fork and walks off.
scene_heading: EXT. POTOMAC RIVER - YACHT SEQUOIA - NIGHT (LATER)
text: NIXON is on the bow, alone, watching the city slip by.
text: MITCHELL slides up beside him, offering him a freshened
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: My brother Harold was about the same
dialog: age as those kids, John. Tuberculosis
dialog: got him.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: It wasn't your fault. The soldiers
text: were just kids, too. They panicked.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: They were throwing rocks, John, just
dialog: rocks. They don't think I feel ...
dialog: but I feel too much sometimes. I just
dialog: can't let a whole policy get dominated
dialog: by our sentimentality.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: You're doing the right thing, Dick ...
dialog: don't let 'em shake you.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It broke my heart when Harold died.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: That was a long time ago.
text: Nixon looks out at the water.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I think that's when it starts. When
dialog: you're a kid. The laughs and snubs
dialog: and slights you get because you're
dialog: poor or Irish or Jewish or just ugly.
dialog: But if you're intelligent, and your
text: anger is deep enough and strong
dialog: enough, you learn you can change these
dialog: attitudes by excellence, gut
dialog: performance, while those who have
text: everything are sitting on their fat
dialog: butts ...
dialog: (then)
dialog: But then when you get to the top, you
dialog: find you can't stop playing the game
dialog: the way you've always played it
dialog: because it's a part of you like an arm
dialog: or a leg. So you're lean and mean and
dialog: you continue to walk the edge of the
dialog: precipice, because over the years
dialog: you've become fascinated by how close
dialog: you can get without falling ... I
dialog: wonder, John, I wonder ...
text: Mitchell puts his hand on Dick's shoulder.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Get off that. That leads nowhere.
dialog: You should offer condolences to the
dialog: families of those kids.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Sure, I'd like to offer condolences.
text: He shrugs off Mitchell's hand and walks down the deck into
text: the shadows.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: But Nixon can't.
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE - THE WHITE HOUSE - DAY
text: Leaving the WHITE HOUSE, NIXON looks out at ANGRY
text: DEMONSTRATORS giving him the finger, shaking placards --
text: "IMPEACH NIXON" (spelled with a swastika), "PEACE NOW."
text: With him are HALDEMAN and EHRLICHMAN.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (with clipboard)
dialog: ... and we've got the economic guys at
dialog: five. The Dow lost another 16 points.
dialog: They're going to want a decision on
dialog: the budget. Sir? ... Are we holding
dialog: the line on a balanced budget?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No ... a little deficit won't hurt.
dialog: Jesus, they're serious. Why're we
dialog: stopping?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (to the driver)
dialog: Run 'em over.
text: The presidential limousine has a difficult time negotiating
text: its way through the BLOCKADING BUSES. A MAN with a NIXON
text: mask runs up to the window and peers in, before being
text: peeled off by SECRET SERVICE. It is an ugly, violent
text: scene, but Nixon seems to delight in the threat of action.
text: He's in an upbeat mood.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Get that little fucker! Great tackle!
dialog: Reminds me of my days at Whittier.
dialog: Most of these kids are useless.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Probably flunking, nothing to do
dialog: except come down here and meet girls.
text: Henry's out there with them.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: There's a poison in the upper classes,
dialog: Bob. They've had it too soft. Too
dialog: many cars, too many color TVs ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Don't forget the South, sir, the West.
dialog: Filled with the good football
dialog: colleges, straight kids. There's more
dialog: of 'em with you than against you. Not
dialog: like these mudmutts.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's the parents' fault really.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Let's not forget they're just kids,
dialog: they don't vote.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: It's the fall of the Roman Empire, are
dialog: you blind? And we're putting fig
text: leaves on the statues ...
speaker_heading: PROTESTOR
dialog: Ho, Ho, Ho Chi Minh is going to win!
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Get that fucker!
text: A glum moment. Haldeman stares at him. A PROTESTOR waves
text: a Vietcong flag in Nixon's face. He gets pulled off the
dialog: limo.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (exhilarated)
dialog: But, hell, this is nothing compared to
dialog: Venezuela. When I was Vice President,
dialog: Ike sent me down there like a blocking
dialog: back. They threw rocks, broke out our
text: windows, almost overturned the car.
dialog: Read Six Crises, Bob. Boy, Pat was
dialog: brave!
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Yeah, we've got to get our vice
text: president off the golf course and back
dialog: there on the college circuit. That's
dialog: top priority.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: He's in the dumps, sir. Agnew. Every
dialog: time you have him attack the press,
text: they give it back to him in spades.
dialog: He's become the most hated man in
dialog: America.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Yeah, good old Spiro. Well, better
dialog: him than me. What the hell is he but
dialog: an insurance policy?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: We gotta keep reminding the media
dialog: pricks, if Nixon goes they end up with
dialog: Agnew.
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: He's begging for a meeting, chief. He
dialog: wants to go overseas for awhile.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Well, no place where they speak
dialog: English. That way he can always say
dialog: he was misquoted.
text: Nixon emits a high, manic laugh.
text: The PROTESTORS are frustrated as the limousine breaks
dialog: through.
scene_heading: INT. CIA HEADQUARTERS - LOBBY - DAY (1970)
dialog: The SEAL of the CIA: "You shall know the truth and the
text: truth shall make you free." We CRANE BACK, revealing that
text: the seal is on the floor of the LOBBY as NIXON strides in
text: with his ENTOURAGE.
text: LT. GENERAL ROBERT CUSHMAN hurries out, ruffled, to meet
speaker_heading: NIXON.
speaker_heading: CUSHMAN
dialog: Mr. President, I don't know what to
dialog: say. As soon as we learned from the
dialog: Secret Service you were en route, the
dialog: Director was notified. He should be
dialog: here any minute.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Where the hell is he?
speaker_heading: CUSHMAN
text: Uh, he's rushing back from his tennis
dialog: game, sir ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: So ... let's go ...
speaker_heading: CUSHMAN
dialog: (walking with Nixon)
dialog: He told me to take you to his
dialog: conference room.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No. His office.
dialog: (aside)
dialog: I want a very private conversation. I
dialog: don't want to be bugged.
speaker_heading: CUSHMAN
dialog: Then his office will be fine.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS CENTER & HELM'S OFFICE - DAY
text: They walk past ANALYSTS laboring in isolation behind
text: Plexiglass walls; the hum of computers, a dark austerity to
text: the place. They all glance up as NIXON strides past.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: How's the job coming, Bob?
speaker_heading: CUSHMAN
dialog: Frankly, sir, it stinks. I have no
dialog: access. I'm lucky Helms lets me have
dialog: a staff.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (ominous)
dialog: We'll see about that ...
speaker_heading: CUSHMAN
dialog: (sensing change)
dialog: He's nervous, sir. He's heard you're
dialog: looking for a new director.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Well, he certainly isn't acting like
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CUSHMAN
dialog: That's Helms. He's "sang froid," a
dialog: world-class poker player.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Yeah? Well, I own the fucking casino.
scene_heading: INT. HELMS OFFICE - DAY
text: A DUTY OFFICER opens the door of the director's office with
text: a flourish. NIXON catches RICHARD HELMS throwing his
text: trench coat and tennis racket on a chair, obviously
text: hurrying in from a secret door. Helms spots Nixon, extends
text: his hand with a reptilian smile.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: I'm honored, Dick, that you've come
dialog: all this way out here to Virginia to
dialog: visit us at last.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: My friends call me "Mister President."
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: And so shall I.
dialog: (to Cushman)
dialog: Arrange some coffee, would you General
dialog: Cushman?
text: Cushman stares back a beat, bitterly. Nixon signals to
text: Haldeman and Ehrlichman that he, too, wants to be alone.
text: The door closes.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Robert Cushman is a lieutenant general
dialog: in the Marine Corps, the Deputy
dialog: Director of the CIA ... and this is
dialog: what you use him for?
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: I didn't choose him as my deputy, Mr.
dialog: President. You did.
text: Nixon paces the office, which is festooned with photos,
text: awards and an abundance of flowers, particularly orchids.
dialog: A collector.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You live pretty well out here. Now I
dialog: understand why you want to keep your
dialog: budget classified.
text: Helms sits on a settee, a hard-to-read man.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: I suppose, "Mister President," you're
dialog: unhappy that we have not implemented
dialog: your Domestic Intelligence plan, but
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You're correct. I'm concerned these
dialog: students are being funded by foreign
dialog: interests, whether they know it or
dialog: not. The FBI is worthless in this
dialog: area. I want your full concentration
dialog: on this matter ...
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: Of course we've tried, but so far
dialog: we've come up with nothing that ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (stern)
dialog: Then find something. And I want these
dialog: leaks stopped. Jack fucking Anderson,
dialog: the New York Times, the State
dialog: Department -- I want to know who's
text: talking to them.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: I'm sure you realize this is a very
dialog: tricky area, Mr. President, given our
dialog: charter and the congressional
dialog: oversight committees ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Screw congressional oversight. I know
dialog: damn well, going back to the '50's,
dialog: this agency reports what it wants, and
dialog: buries what it doesn't want Congress
dialog: to know. Pay close attention to this.
text: Nixon fixes him with his stare. Helms clears his throat.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: Is there something else that's
dialog: bothering you, Mr. President?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes ... It involves some old and
dialog: forgotten papers. Things I signed as
dialog: Vice President. I want the originals
dialog: in my office and I don't want copies
dialog: anywhere else.
text: Now knowing Nixon's cards, Helms relaxes -- about an inch.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: You're referring, of course, to
dialog: chairing the Special Operations Group
dialog: as Vice President.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes ...
text: Helms wanders over to his prize orchids, fingers them.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: As you know ... that was unique. Not
dialog: an operation as much as ... an organic
dialog: phenomenon. It grew, it changed
dialog: shape, it developed ... insatiable,
text: devouring appetites.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It's not uncommon in such cases that
dialog: things are not committed to paper.
dialog: That could be very ... embarrassing.
text: Nixon is embarrassed, and does not like it. Suddenly, the
text: Beast is in the room.
speaker_heading: HELMS (CONT'D)
dialog: (reminding him)
dialog: I, for one, saw to it that my name was
dialog: never connected to any of those
dialog: operations.
text: On Nixon, waiting.
speaker_heading: HELMS (CONT'D)
dialog: (fishing)
dialog: Diem? Trujillo? Lumumba? Guatemala?
dialog: Cuba? ... It's a shame you didn't take
dialog: similar precautions, Dick.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (very uncomfortable)
dialog: I'm interested in the documents that
dialog: put your people together with ... the
dialog: others. All of them ...
text: A beat. This is the fastball. Helms pours himself a
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: President Kennedy threatened to smash
dialog: the CIA into a thousand pieces. You
dialog: could do the same ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I'm not Jack Kennedy. Your agency is
dialog: secure.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: (stirs the coffee)
dialog: Not if I give you all the cards ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I promised the American people peace
dialog: with honor in Southeast Asia. That
dialog: could take time -- two, maybe three
dialog: years ... In the meantime, your agency
dialog: will continue at current levels of
dialog: funding.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: (sips his coffee)
dialog: Current levels may not be sufficient.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: The President would support a
dialog: reasonable request for an increase.
text: Helms smiles.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: And me? ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Firing you, Mr. Helms, wouldn't do any
dialog: good. Of course you'll continue as
dialog: DCI. You're doing a magnificent job.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: And of course I accept. I'm
dialog: flattered. And I want you to know, I
dialog: work for only one president at a time.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes. And you will give General
text: Cushman full access.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: (grudgingly accepts that)
dialog: It will take a little time, but I'll
dialog: order a search for your papers.
dialog: Though it does raise a disturbing
dialog: issue.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: Mr. Castro.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (tense)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: We have recent intelligence that a
text: Soviet nuclear submarine has docked at
dialog: Cienfuegos.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Well, we'll lodge a formal protest.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: I don't think we can treat this as a
text: formality. Mr. Kennedy made a verbal
dialog: promise to the Russians not to invade
dialog: Cuba. But you authorized Dr.
dialog: Kissinger to put this in writing.
text: Nixon is taken aback by Helms's inside knowledge.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Are you tapping Kissinger?
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: My job, unpleasant sometimes, is to
dialog: know what others don't want me to
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Not if you have spies in the White
dialog: House, it isn't your job.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: It is not my practice to spy on the
dialog: president. Doctor Kissinger manages
dialog: to convey his innermost secrets to the
text: world at large on his own.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (absorbs this)
dialog: Mr. Helms, we've lived with Communism
dialog: in Cuba for ten years ...
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: ... But it has never been the policy
dialog: of this government to accept that.
dialog: And it is certainly not CIA policy.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: CIA policy? The CIA has no policy,
dialog: Mr. Helms. Except what I dictate to
dialog: you ...
text: (beat, they stare at each
dialog: other)
dialog: I try to adjust to the world as it is
dialog: today, not as you or I wanted it to be
dialog: ten years ago.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: Is that why you and Kissinger are
dialog: negotiating with the Chinese?
text: A beat. Nixon stares.
speaker_heading: HELMS (CONT'D)
dialog: This is an extremely dangerous
dialog: direction, Mr. President. Terrible
dialog: consequences can result from such
dialog: enormous errors in judgement.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: But ... if we were able to separate
dialog: China from Russia once and for all, we
dialog: can -- we could create a balance of
dialog: power that would secure the peace into
dialog: the next century.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: By offering Cuba to the Russians as a
dialog: consolation prize?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Cuba would be a small price to pay.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: So President Kennedy thought.
text: A disturbing image suddenly appears in Nixon's mind --
text: KENNEDY with his head blown off in Dallas. Followed by an
text: IMAGE of his own death. In a coffin.
text: The smell of the orchids in the room is overwhelming.
text: Nixon feels himself dizzy.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I never thought Jack was ready for the
dialog: presidency. But I would never, never
dialog: consider ...
dialog: (then)
dialog: His death was awful, an awful thing
dialog: for this country.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Do you ever think of death, Mr. Helms?
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: Flowers are continual reminders of our
dialog: mortality. Do you appreciate flowers?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No. They make me sick. They smell
dialog: like death ... I had two brothers die
dialog: young. But let me tell you, there are
dialog: worse things than death. There is
dialog: such a thing as evil.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: You must be familiar with my favorite
dialog: poem by Yeats? "The Second Coming"?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HELMS
text: Black Irishman. Very moving.
dialog: "Turning and turning in the widening
dialog: gyre / The falcon cannot hear the
dialog: falconer / Things fall apart, the
dialog: center cannot hold / Mere anarchy is
dialog: loosed upon the world / And everywhere
dialog: the ceremony of innocence is drowned /
dialog: The best lack all conviction, while
dialog: the worst are full of passionate
dialog: intensity" ... But it ends so
dialog: beautifully ominous -- "What rough
dialog: beast, its hours come round at last /
dialog: Slouches toward Bethlehem to be born?"
dialog: ... Yes, this country stands at such a
dialog: juncture.
dialog: On Nixon, we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - NIXON BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: NIXON has just returned from a dinner party, this tuxedo
text: coming off, on the phone, a Scotch in hand, in high
text: spirits. A series of JUMP CUTS of his phone self as
dialog: follows:
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON PHONE)
dialog: It was sudden death, Trini, but I
dialog: think I kicked Helms's ass.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Yeah, and Kissinger's running around
text: like a scared chicken right now; he
dialog: doesn't know who's gonna grab his
dialog: power. Yeah ... you should see him.
dialog: I call Haig, Kissinger shits!
text: More laughter.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you see the look on Hoover's face?
dialog: He was redder than a beet. That
dialog: little closet fairy's got no choice.
dialog: He hates McGovern and Kennedy so much,
dialog: he's got to love me. And Lyndon?
text: PAT enters, in a nightdress, smoking.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: He looked old, didn't he?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (hardly noticing)
dialog: I asked him, "Lyndon, what would you
dialog: do, on a scale of one to ten?" And he
dialog: said, "Bomb the shit out of Hanoi,
dialog: boy! Bomb them where they live." ...
dialog: John, do you think I was too soft on
dialog: TV?
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Bob, I want to get on this energy
dialog: thing tomorrow -- we really have to
dialog: rethink our needs to the end of the
dialog: century. Let's do it at 1:00. And
dialog: don't forget the budget boys. I'm
dialog: gonna carve the shit out of 'em.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well, no, clear the afternoon and tell
dialog: Trini I'll be in Key Biscayne by 4:00
dialog: ... No, alone ... Pat's staying here
dialog: with the girls.
text: Pat approaches him, nuzzles him. She seems a little
text: strange, tipsy ... but sexy in her nightdress.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I'd like to go with you.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (to Pat)
dialog: Uh, you should check with Bob ...
dialog: (to Bob)
dialog: Listen, Bob, I'll call you in the
dialog: morning.
text: He hangs up, awkward.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi, Buddy. What are you doing in
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I've missed you.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (suspecting drink on her
dialog: breath)
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Why don't we go down to Key Biscayne
dialog: together? Just the two of us.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Because ... I have to relax.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I was thinking tonight -- do you
dialog: remember, Dick? Do you remember when
dialog: you used to drive me on dates with the
dialog: other boys? You didn't want to let me
dialog: out of your sight.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yeah, sure, a long time ago.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Yes, it's been a long time ...
text: A signal has been given. Nixon recoils, embarrassed. A
text: slight sweat.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I don't need that, Buddy. I'm not
dialog: Jack Kennedy.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (rebuffed, distant)
dialog: No, you're not. So stop comparing
dialog: yourself to him. You have no reason
dialog: to ...
dialog: You have everything you ever wanted.
dialog: You've earned it. Why can't you just
dialog: enjoy it?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I do. I do. In my own way.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Then what are you scared of, honey?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I'm not scared, Buddy.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: You don't understand. They're playing
dialog: for keeps, Buddy. The press, the
dialog: kids, the liberals -- they're out
dialog: there, trying to figure out how to
dialog: tear me down.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: They're all your enemies?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You personally?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes! This is about me. Why can't you
dialog: understand that, you of all people?
dialog: It's not the war -- it's Nixon! They
dialog: want to destroy Nixon! And if I
dialog: expose myself even the slightest bit
dialog: they'll tear my insides out. Do you
dialog: want that? Do you want to see that,
dialog: Buddy? It's not pretty.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Sometimes I think that's what you
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You've been drinking. What the hell
dialog: are you saying? Jesus, you sound like
dialog: them now! ...
dialog: (a beat, quietly)
dialog: I've gotta keep fighting, Buddy, for
dialog: the country. These people running
dialog: things, the elite ... they're soft,
dialog: chickenshit faggots! They don't have
dialog: the long-term vision anymore. They
dialog: just want to cover their asses or meet
dialog: girls or tear each other down. Oh,
dialog: God, this country's in deep trouble,
dialog: Buddy ... and I have to see this
dialog: through. Mother would've wanted no
dialog: less of me ... I'm sorry, Buddy.
text: Pat stands, about to leave.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I just wish ... you knew how much I
dialog: love you, that's all. It took me a
dialog: long time to fall in love with you,
dialog: Dick. But I did it. And it doesn't
dialog: make you happy. You want them to love
dialog: you ...
text: Pat waves outward, indicating the world, the public.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (interjects)
dialog: No, I don't. I'm not Jack ...
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: But they never will, Dick. No matter
dialog: how many elections you win, they never
dialog: will.
text: She leaves. He is left in the middle of the room. He
text: shuffles to the phone, picks it up.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: Manolo! Where the hell are you?
text: The lights come on, revealing MANOLO SANCHEZ, the valet, in
text: the doorway, wearing a bathrobe and slippers.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: I was asleep, Mr. President. What can
dialog: I get you?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Just ... uh ... you know.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Of course.
text: Manolo moves to a cabinet on the far side of the pantry.
text: Takes out a bottle of Chivas, puts ice into a tumbler.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Do you miss Cuba, Manolo?
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Yes, Mr. President.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We let you down, didn't we. Your
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: That was Mr. Kennedy.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You don't think he was a hero?
text: Manolo pours Nixon a drink.
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: He was a politician.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (swallows the drink)
dialog: Did you cry when he died?
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MANOLO
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (then)
dialog: He made me see the stars ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (looks outside, to himself)
dialog: How did he do that?
dialog: (then)
dialog: All those kids ... Why do they hate me
dialog: so much?
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN MEMORIAL - PRE-DAWN
text: NIXON gets out of the front of the presidential LIMOUSINE.
speaker_heading: MANOLO follows.
text: Nixon looks up: a surreal scene. The Lincoln Memorial has
text: been turned into a pagan temple. FIRES burn on the broad
text: marble steps, half-naked KIDS sleep on filthy blankets
text: below the immense columns. Hendrix plays faintly on a
text: portable radio. Nixon starts up the steps, picking his way
text: among the sleeping forms.
text: He passes a GIRL, tripping, eyes closed, twirling a long
text: scarf over her head. He stares at her, steps on a sleeping
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: STUDENT 1
dialog: Fuck, man. That's my fuckin' leg --
text: The BOY's jaw drops. Nixon towers over him. An
text: apparition.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You just go back to sleep now, young
dialog: fella.
speaker_heading: STUDENT 1
dialog: (rubs his eyes)
dialog: Whoa, this is some nasty shit ...
text: Nixon reaches the top of the monument. Taped to one of the
text: pillars is a poster. Nixon scowling, and the motto "Would
dialog: You Buy A Used Car From This Man?"
text: Nixon peers at it, moves inside. He looks up at LINCOLN in
text: the eerie firelight. Banners with peace signs have been
text: draped over his shoulders, bunches of flowers between his
dialog: fingers.
text: HALF A DOZEN STUDENTS are talking among themselves. They
text: see Nixon, stop. Stunned. Nixon strides toward them.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Hi, I'm Dick Nixon.
speaker_heading: STUDENT 2
dialog: You're shittin' me.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Where you from?
speaker_heading: STUDENT 2
dialog: Syracuse.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: The Orangemen! Now there's a football
dialog: program. Jim Brown. And that other
dialog: tailback ... The one with the blood
dialog: disease ...
speaker_heading: STUDENT 2
dialog: Ernie Davis.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Right, right. I used to play a little
dialog: ball myself at Whittier.
dialog: (laughs nervously)
dialog: Of course, they used me as a tackling
dialog: dummy.
text: A self-possessed YOUNG WOMAN abruptly interrupts.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: We didn't come here to talk about
dialog: football. We came here to end the
dialog: war.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (chastened)
dialog: Yes, I understand that.
text: Pause. Nobody responds.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Probably most of you think I'm a real
dialog: SOB. I know that. But I understand
dialog: how you feel, I really do. I want
dialog: peace, too, but peace with honor.
speaker_heading: STUDENT 3
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You can't have peace without a price.
dialog: Sometimes you have to be willing to
dialog: fight for peace. And sometimes to
dialog: die.
speaker_heading: STUDENT 3
dialog: Tell that to the GIs who are going to
dialog: die tomorrow in Vietnam.
speaker_heading: STUDENT 2
dialog: What you have to understand, Mr.
dialog: Nixon, is that we are willing to die
dialog: for what we believe in.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (looking up at Lincoln)
dialog: That man up there lived in similar
dialog: times. He had chaos and civil war and
dialog: hatred between the races ... Sometimes
dialog: I go to the Lincoln Room at the White
dialog: House and just pray. You know, the
dialog: liberals act like idealism belongs to
dialog: them, but it's not true. My family
dialog: went Republican because Lincoln freed
dialog: the slaves. My grandmother was an
dialog: abolitionist. It was Quakers who
dialog: founded Whittier, my hometown, to
dialog: abolish slavery. They were
dialog: conservative Bible folk, but they had
dialog: a powerful sense of right and wrong
dialog: ... Forty years ago I was looking, as
dialog: you are now, for answers.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But you know, ending the war and
dialog: cleaning up the air and the cities,
dialog: feeding the poor -- my mother used to
dialog: feed hobos stopping over at our house
dialog: - none of it is going to satisfy the
dialog: spiritual hunger we all have, finding
dialog: a meaning to this life ...
text: HALDEMAN arrives with SEVERAL SECRET SERVICE AGENTS,
text: looking very worried. The crowd around Nixon has grown
dialog: much larger.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Mr. President!
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's okay, Bob, we're just rapping, my
dialog: friends and I. We actually agree on a
dialog: lot of things ...
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: No, we don't! You're full of shit!
dialog: You say you want to end the war, so
dialog: why don't you? My brother died over
dialog: there last November. Why? What good
dialog: was his death?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I know. I know. I've seen a lot of
dialog: kids die, too, in World War II.
speaker_heading: STUDENT 2
dialog: Come on, man -- Vietnam ain't Germany.
dialog: It doesn't threaten us. It's a civil
dialog: war between the Vietnamese.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: But change always comes slowly. I've
text: withdrawn more than half the troops.
dialog: I'm trying to cut the military budget
dialog: for the first time in thirty years. I
dialog: want an all-volunteer army. But it's
dialog: also a question of American
dialog: credibility, our position in the world
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: You don't want the war. We don't want
dialog: the war. The Vietnamese don't want
dialog: the war. So why does it go on?
text: Nixon hesitates, out of answers.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Someone wants it ...
dialog: (a realization)
dialog: You can't stop it, can you? Even if
dialog: you wanted to. Because it's not you.
dialog: It's the system. And the system won't
dialog: let you stop it ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: There's a lot more at stake here than
dialog: what you want. Or even what I want
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Then what's the point? What's the
dialog: point of being president? You're
dialog: powerless.
text: The girl transfixes him with her eyes. Nixon feels it.
text: The nausea of the Beast makes him reel. The students press
text: in on him from all sides.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (stumbling)
dialog: No, no. I'm not powerless. Because
dialog: ... because I understand the system.
dialog: I believe I can control it. Maybe not
dialog: control it totally. But ... tame it
dialog: enough to make it do some good.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: It sounds like you're talking about a
dialog: wild animal.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Maybe I am.
text: A silence. Nixon looks at her.
text: Haldeman and the SECRET SERVICE MEN fill the succeeding
text: beat of silence by moving Nixon off. He allows himself to
text: be herded, waving absently to the protestors.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: We really must go, Mr. President.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Don't forget, the most important thing
dialog: in your life is your relationship with
dialog: your Maker ...
dialog: (over his shoulder to all)
dialog: Don't forget to be on God's side.
text: This doesn't go down well with the protestors.
dialog: ("Bullshit!")
text: As Nixon is led down the steps to the limousine:
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
text: She got it, Bob. A nineteen-year-old
dialog: college kid ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: She understood something it's taken me
dialog: twenty-five fucking years in politics
dialog: to understand. The CIA, the Mafia,
dialog: the Wall Street bastards ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: NIXON
text: (climbing into the limo,
dialog: mutters)
text: ... "The Beast." A nineteen-year-old
dialog: kid. She understands the nature of
dialog: "the Beast." She called it a wild
dialog: animal.
text: The door closes. The LIMOUSINE is whisked away under
text: searchlights and heavy security.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE READS: "JUNE 1971 - A YEAR LATER"
text: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - The White House is still ringed.
text: ARMED TROOPS patrol Pennsylvania Avenue. The BUSES are
text: drawn up. SMOKE is in the air. The SOUNDS of cherry bombs
text: going off. Signs that read: "End the war! Throw the
dialog: fascists out! Dick Nixon before he dicks you!"
scene_heading: EXT. THE WHITE HOUSE - ROSE GARDEN - DAY
text: Inside the barricades, a fairyland. A white lattice gazebo
text: draped with flowers. TRICIA's wedding is in preparation.
text: GROUNDSKEEPERS and various PERSONNEL lay out the carpet to
dialog: the alter.
scene_heading: INT. EXEC OFFICE BLDG - NIXON OFFICE - DAY
text: J. EDGAR HOOVER joins NIXON, pulling on his wedding tuxedo,
text: at a window, looking out at the PROTESTORS.
text: Intermittently, Hoover helps him with his clothes.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (musing)
dialog: There must be a quarter-million out
dialog: there, Edgar. They've been at it now
dialog: for a year. Young kids just like
dialog: Tricia. I don't know. Do you think
dialog: they have a point, Edgar? Maybe this
dialog: whole damned system of government is
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: (suspecting softness)
dialog: Remember what Lenin said in 1917, Mr.
dialog: President: "The power was lying in the
dialog: streets just waiting for someone to
dialog: pick it up." The Communists have
dialog: never been closer. Now is the time to
dialog: go back to the old themes, the ones
dialog: that made you president. Let the
dialog: Communists know you're onto them.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: The little bastards think they can
text: ruin Tricia's wedding day by dancing
text: naked in the Reflecting Pond.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: Don't listen to 'em, don't quit.
dialog: Remember - Kennedy, Bobby, and King
dialog: were against the war. Where are they
dialog: now? Don't give 'em a goddamn inch on
dialog: the war. President Johnson bombed
dialog: Laos for years and nobody knew or said
dialog: a thing. How the hell the Times ever
dialog: got ahold of this Ellsberg stuff is a
dialog: disgrace!
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We can't keep a goddamn secret in this
dialog: government, Edgar. They're stealing
text: papers right out of his office.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: Johnson had the same damned problem
dialog: till he bugged his own office.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (nods)
dialog: We took his system out.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: That was a mistake. The White House
dialog: was full of Kennedy people then. It
dialog: still is.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Who do you think is behind it?
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: Well, you have CIA people all over the
dialog: place. Helms has seen to that.
dialog: (beat, Nixon remains poker
dialog: faced)
text: Then there's Kissinger's staff.
dialog: Kissinger himself, I believe, maybe
dialog: the leaker.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Kissinger?
speaker_heading: HOOVER
text: He's obsessed with his own image. He
dialog: wants his Nobel Peace Prize a little
dialog: too much. As the late "Doctor" King
dialog: proved -- even an ape can win a prize
dialog: with good press.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Jesus, I'd like to book him into a
text: psychiatrist's office. He comes in
text: here ranting and raving, dumping his
dialog: crap all over the place ... Could you
dialog: prove it, Edgar?
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: I always get my man.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yeah, you do.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'd be bugging myself, Edgar ... Who'd
dialog: get the tapes?
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: No one. Your property. It would
dialog: prove your case. Why do you think
dialog: Kissinger's taping your calls? For
dialog: history. His word against yours --
dialog: and right now he's got the records.
text: Nixon is stung by the comparison, fussing with his bow tie.
text: Hoover helps him.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: This damned tie ... Will you help me,
dialog: Edgar?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Churchill used to say to me, "If you
dialog: want your own history written
dialog: properly, you must write it yourself."
dialog: (starts out)
dialog: All right, Edgar, but just don't let
dialog: it come back to haunt me.
speaker_heading: HOOVER
dialog: (a reminder)
dialog: It won't. As long as I'm here.
text: Nixon absentmindedly shows Hoover through a small door into
text: his BATHROOM ... There is an awkward pause, as both men are
dialog: too proud to pretend they are cramped in this place
text: together. Hoover clears his throat and exits the regular
text: door. As we hear the Love Theme from "Doctor Zhivago":
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - EAST ROOM - DAY
text: The White House GUARDS wear German comic opera uniforms
text: including tall cylindrical hats with beaks. We see
text: champagne, white lace, the MUSICIANS wearing morning coats.
text: HOOVER and TOLSON are together, very happy. To the sound
text: of the wedding MUSIC, NIXON takes a turn with his daughter,
text: TRICIA, in gown. He has never seemed happier.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I am very proud of you today,
dialog: princess. Very.
text: When one of the GROOMSMEN cuts in, Nixon asks several
text: OTHERS to dance. He retreats to JULIE's side. Julie says
text: something sweet but unheard to him.
text: PAT is at a window, upset, looking out at the PROTESTORS as
text: Julie comes over to get her.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Come on, Mother, join the ...
dialog: (sees her look)
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: We're just not going to buckle to
dialog: these people.
text: Pat puts on her party face and rejoins the crowd.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - CABINET ROOM - DAY (1971) - RAIN
text: CABINET MEMBERS chat, lean back in their chairs, smoking,
text: as NIXON suddenly erupts into the room, a focused fury on
text: his face. He sits, slams the New York Times down. CLOSE -
text: we can make out the words "Pentagon Papers."
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Gentlemen, we've had our last damn
dialog: leak! This is no way to run a goddamn
dialog: government. We're going to prosecute
dialog: the hell out of Ellsberg and anyone
dialog: else who wants to leak. And that
dialog: means any one of you who crosses the
dialog: line, I'm personally going after ...
text: INTERCUTTING among the faces -- KISSINGER predominant.
text: Nixon glances in his direction, pause on him.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: The permissiveness of this era is
text: over. The belts are coming off and
dialog: people are gonna be taken to the
dialog: woodshed. This government cannot
dialog: survive with a counter-government
dialog: inside it. I know how traitors
dialog: operate -- I've dealt with them all my
dialog: life. This bullshit to the effect --
dialog: some stenographer did it, some
dialog: stenographer -- that's never the case.
dialog: It's never the little people -- little
dialog: people do not leak. It's always the
dialog: sonofabitch like Ellsberg who leaks!
dialog: The Harvard Hebrew boys with the
dialog: private agendas who wanna be heroes.
text: Nixon grabs the paper, shakes it.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Ellsberg did this "for the good of the
dialog: country." I suppose you've never
dialog: heard that one before. Alger Hiss and
dialog: the Rosenbergs said the same damn
dialog: crap, and you know what happened to
dialog: them -- ol' Sparky got them. They've
dialog: always underestimated Nixon, the
dialog: intellectuals. Well, we're gonna let
dialog: them know we can fight just as dirty.
dialog: This is sudden death, gentlemen.
dialog: We're gonna get 'em on the ground,
dialog: stick in our spikes and twist, show
dialog: 'em no mercy!
text: Nixon looks around the room. The Cabinet members are
text: stunned.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: This administration is a goddamn
dialog: disaster. We got bums out there at
dialog: the gates. We've got thirty-eight of
dialog: forty pieces of our domestic
dialog: legislation defeated in Congress.
dialog: Unless we turn things around, we'll
dialog: all be looking for jobs next year.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Starting today, nobody in this room
dialog: talks to the press without clearing it
dialog: first with Haldeman. That means a
dialog: complete freeze on the New York Times,
dialog: CBS, Jack fucking Anderson, and the
dialog: Washington Post! From now on,
dialog: Haldeman is the Lord High Executioner.
dialog: So don't you come whining to me when
dialog: he tells you to do something, 'cause
dialog: that's me talking. And if you come to
dialog: me, I'll be tougher than he is.
dialog: Anybody tries to screw us, his head
dialog: comes off. Do you understand? Good
dialog: day, gentlemen ...
text: He walks out, leaving them stunned and silent.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Well, I guess that's it for today's
dialog: meeting ...
scene_heading: INT. POULTRY PROCESSING PLANT - MIAMI - NIGHT
text: A chicken's head flies off. The CUBAN CROWD is going crazy
text: as a FIGHTING COCK is moving in for the kill. The ring is
text: surrounded by impromptu bleachers, the walls lined with
text: metal cages filled with chickens. The slaughterhouse is
dialog: adjacent.
text: HOWARD HUNT stands at the edge of the crowd, holding a
text: greasy wrapper of churos, as the fight ends.
text: Cheers and groans. Fistfuls of money are exchanged.
text: FRANK STURGIS turns from the ring, makes his way to Hunt,
text: hands him a twenty.
speaker_heading: STURGIS
dialog: How the fuck did you know?
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: Injections. Even this noble sport's
dialog: been fixed.
dialog: (pockets the twenty)
dialog: Seen the guys?
speaker_heading: STURGIS
dialog: They're around.
text: Sturgis snags a piece of churo, swallows it.
speaker_heading: STURGIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Why, you got a customer?
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: The White House.
speaker_heading: STURGIS
dialog: (stops)
dialog: You're fucking me.
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: We're gonna be plumbers, Frank. We're
dialog: gonna plug a leak.
speaker_heading: STURGIS
dialog: Who we working for?
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: A guy named Gordon Liddy. Thinks he's
dialog: Martin Borman. You wanna meet him?
text: He motions.
text: GORDON LIDDY comes out of the edges of the crowd, shakes
text: hands with Sturgis.
speaker_heading: HUNT (CONT'D)
dialog: Gordon Liddy ... Frank Sturgis.
text: They turn the handshake into a parallel of the cock fight,
text: iron grips subtly crush each other's hand.
speaker_heading: LIDDY
dialog: (after they break)
dialog: Y'ever hold your hand over a fire?
text: Liddy pulls out a Zippo lighter.
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: That's okay, Gordon
text: Hunt motions him off. As Liddy drifts off:
speaker_heading: STURGIS
dialog: Where'd you find him?
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: Just don't tell him to do anything you
dialog: don't really want him to do.
speaker_heading: STURGIS
dialog: So, does Tricky Dick know about this?
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: I won't tell him if you won't.
text: The HANDLERS throw TWO NEW FIGHTING COCKS into the ring.
text: They start to rip at each other.
speaker_heading: HUNT (CONT'D)
dialog: (chewing on his churo)
text: The claws are out, Frank.
scene_heading: INT. FIELDING PSYCHIATRIST OFFICE - NIGHT (1971)
text: As seen before: a GLASS shatters, a CROWBAR jacks open the
dialog: door marked: "Dr. Lewis J. Fielding, Psychiatrist."
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: History will never be the same.
text: Cabinets full of pills are overturned. The disguised HUNT
text: and LIDDY, with the three CUBANS, go to work. A FILE
text: FOLDER is ripped from a cabinet. In the flashlight beam
text: the file reads "Daniel Ellsberg." A VOICE calls out:
dialog: "Howard, I got it!"
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: We've taken a step into the future.
dialog: We've changed the world.
dialog: "America the Beautiful" MUSIC takes us into:
scene_heading: INT. MAO TSE-TUNG'S OFFICE - BEIJING - DAY (1972)
scene_heading: SUBTITLE READS: "FEBRUARY 1972"
text: NIXON beams, standing under a huge red flag bearing the
text: hammer and sickle. The "America" theme is being played on
text: a traditional Chinese instrument as CHINESE PHOTOGRAPHERS
text: are allowed to take stiff portraits. The MEN chit-chat.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I must say you look very good, Mr.
dialog: Chairman.
speaker_heading: MAO
dialog: Looks can be deceiving ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We know you've taken a great risk in
dialog: inviting us here.
text: MAO stares at Nixon and replies in Chinese, which the
scene_heading: INTERPRETER repeats:
speaker_heading: MAO
dialog: (half smiles)
dialog: I took no risk. I'm too old to be
dialog: afraid of what anyone thinks.
text: Nixon forces a rigid smile as they move to the chairs.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: MAO and NIXON are seated in armchairs opposite each other,
text: KISSINGER and CHOU EN-LAI to either side of Mao. An
text: INTERPRETER between. In media res:
speaker_heading: MAO (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't ever trust them. They never
dialog: tell the truth or honor their
dialog: commitments. Vietnamese are like
dialog: Russians. Both are dogs.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Mr. Chairman, there is an old saying:
dialog: The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
speaker_heading: MAO
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: That has the added virtue of being
dialog: true.
text: Mao doesn't seem to be taking any of this too seriously; in
text: fact, he seems a little medicated.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: You know, Mr. Chairman, at Harvard I
dialog: used your writings in my class.
speaker_heading: MAO
dialog: What a waste of time. My writings
dialog: mean absolutely nothing.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: But your writings have changed the
dialog: world, Mr. Chairman.
speaker_heading: MAO
dialog: Fung pi! (Bullshit!) I've only
dialog: managed to change a few things around
dialog: the city of Beijing.
dialog: (then: to Kissinger)
dialog: I want to know your secret.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Secret, Mr. Chairman?
speaker_heading: MAO
dialog: How a fat man gets so many girls.
text: Mao howls at his own joke.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Power, Mr. Chairman, is the ultimate
dialog: aphrodisiac.
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: MAO
dialog: (turns to Nixon)
dialog: You know, I voted for you in your last
dialog: election.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (self-effacing)
dialog: I was the lesser of two evils.
text: A moment. Mao levels a gaze at him, deadly serious.
speaker_heading: MAO
dialog: You're too modest, Nixon. You're as
dialog: evil as I am. We're both from poor
dialog: families. But others pay to feed the
dialog: hunger in us. In my case, millions of
dialog: reactionaries. In your case, millions
dialog: of Vietnamese.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: Civil war is always the cruelest kind
dialog: of war.
speaker_heading: MAO
dialog: The real war is in us.
dialog: (then)
dialog: History is a symptom of our disease.
scene_heading: CUT FORWARD TO:
speaker_heading: DOCUMENTARY
scene_heading: FOOTAGE - THE BOMBING OF HANOI ... SUBTITLE READS:
text: "CHRISTMAS 1972." HUNDREDS OF B-52 STRIKES, BOMBS POURING
text: OVER THE CITY.
speaker_heading: BBC REPORTER (V.O.)
text: In a surprise Christmas bombing of
dialog: Hanoi, President Nixon delivered more
dialog: tonnage than was used at Dresden in
dialog: World War II ... It is, without a
dialog: doubt, the most brutal bombing in
dialog: American history.
speaker_heading: CROSSCUT:
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - 1. HANOI - the devastation of the
text: city. It's on fire. Bodies are being carried from a
text: collapsed HOSPITAL. 2. The USA - in contrast, shots in the
dialog: media of Christmas trees (Rockefeller Center, etc.);
text: families shopping; a children's choir singing "Gloria in
dialog: Excelsis Deo."
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: ... This Christmas bombing has shaken
dialog: up the Paris peace talks and created a
dialog: huge amount of criticism across the
dialog: globe. Newspapers are calling it a
dialog: "Stone Age tactic," and Nixon a
dialog: "maddened tyrant" ... Nixon's only
dialog: response: "When the Vietnamese take
dialog: the peace talks seriously, I'll stop."
text: STOCK FOOTAGE - moving through a bank of clouds toward the
dialog: sun.
scene_heading: INT. AIR FORCE ONE - MAIN CABIN - SUNSET (1972)
text: NIXON is looking out the window, PAT next to him. HALDEMAN
text: and EHRLICHMAN are out of earshot.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Penny for your thoughts.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Is that adjusted for inflation?
dialog: (she laughs)
dialog: Think of the life Mao's led. In '52 I
dialog: called him a monster. Now he could be
dialog: our most important ally.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Only Nixon could've done that.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You're a long way from Whittier.
text: A beat. He shares her look.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes ... yes, I am.
text: Pat puts her hand on his hand.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Congratulations, Dick.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: How am I going to break this to Bob
dialog: Hope?
text: KISSINGER walks into the cabin.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: We've got the Russians where we want
dialog: them! They're calling us. We will
dialog: have a SALT treaty with them this
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: In time for the election? Brezhnev's
dialog: tough. He knows McGovern's right on
dialog: our ass ...
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: He doesn't have a choice! He has to
dialog: shift missiles from Europe to the
text: Chinese border. With one stroke, the
dialog: balance of power moves completely in
dialog: our favor. This is a coup, Mr.
dialog: President!
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: For you, Henry? Nobel Peace Prize,
dialog: maybe ...
text: Sees the look on Nixon's face.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Not for the Pentagon it isn't. I'm
dialog: kissing Mao's ass. And the press is
dialog: gonna find some way to shaft Nixon on
dialog: this one.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: It's not the press that matters.
text: Nixon's wife is proud of him.
text: He squeezes her hand.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: And his staff. Come on, the copy they
dialog: were filing from China was great.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Wait till the Mai-tais wear off.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: The country's loving it.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: The hard-core four million "Nixon
dialog: nuts" aren't gonna go for it ...
dialog: They'll say I sold out to the
dialog: Communists.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: You'll pick up the middle on this one
dialog: - the Jews and Negros.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Jews and Negros don't win elections,
dialog: Henry. Better to hang them around the
text: Democrats' necks.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: The Jews aren't the middle, Henry.
dialog: They're the far left.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You're talking too much about black
dialog: Africa, Henry. It's killing us with
text: the rednecks.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
text: The blacks are lost, the "schwartzes"
dialog: are gone ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Don't let it lose us the right-wing
dialog: vote ...
text: A silence as the sour notes depress everyone.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: (feeling the deflation)
dialog: Hey, I sound like my father now.
dialog: Let's have a drink!
text: Pat smiles. ZIEGLER pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: Mr. President, the press guys asked if
dialog: you could come back for a minute.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: The hell with 'em.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: I'll go back, Mr. President.
text: Everyone glares at Henry.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: No, they want you, Mr. President. I
dialog: really think it would be a good move.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Gentlemen, I go now to discover the
dialog: exact length, width and depth of the
dialog: shaft.
scene_heading: INT. AIR FORCE ONE - PRESS CABIN - SUNSET
text: NIXON closes the door behind him, turns.
text: DOZENS of REPORTERS stand, burst into applause.
text: He is momentarily stunned, then he moves down the aisle.
text: Shaking hands. The reporters continue applauding. Nixon,
text: for once, is deeply moved. On the sound of applause, we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JONES RANCH - DAY (1972)
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
text: J. Edgar Hoover is dead at the age of
dialog: seventy-seven. The legendary crime
dialog: buster served his country as Director
dialog: of the FBI for almost half a century,
dialog: from 1924 to 1972.
text: An enormous BRAHMA BULL, red-eyed, snorting, thrashes
text: viciously against the reinforced walls of its pen. NIXON
text: and JACK JONES watch as SECRET SERVICE hover nearby.
speaker_heading: JONES (V.O.)
dialog: There's two kinds of bulls, Dick.
dialog: Your good bull and your bad bull.
dialog: This here's a bad bull. You piss him
dialog: off, he'll kill everything in his
dialog: path. Only way to stop him is to
dialog: shoot him.
text: A WRANGLER climbs carefully into the chute. The Brahma
text: lunges for him.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: Eddie, you be damned careful with that
dialog: beast. His nuts are worth a helluva
dialog: lot more'n yours.
text: He leads Nixon down the steps.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: (cagey)
dialog: So, what's this about, Dick?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's me or Wallace, Jack. Wallace's
dialog: third party is only going to help
dialog: McGovern. I need your support.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Well, you sure been chock full of
dialog: surprises so far, "Mister President."
scene_heading: INT. JONES RANCH - LIVING ROOM - DAY (1972)
text: NIXON and HALDEMAN are standing by the hearth. The years
text: have gone by but, in different clothing and hairstyles, it
text: is much the same group of a DOZEN BUSINESSMEN gathered
text: around, drinking Jack Daniels and smoking cigars. Among
text: them we recognize the CUBAN and MITCH. It's heated.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: It looks like to me we're gonna lose
dialog: the war for the first goddamned time
dialog: and, Dick, goddamn it, you're going
dialog: along with it, buying into this
dialog: Kissinger bullshit -- "detente" with
dialog: the Communists. "Detente" -- it
text: sounds like two fags dancing.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Jack, we're not living in the same
dialog: country you and I knew in '46. Our
dialog: people are just not gonna sacrifice in
dialog: major numbers for war. We can't even
dialog: get 'em to accept cuts in their gas
dialog: tanks. Hell, the Arabs and the
dialog: Japanese are bleeding the shit out of
dialog: our gold ..
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: And whose fault is that? If we'd won
dialog: in Vietnam ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's nobody's fault, Jack. It's
dialog: change -- which is a fact of history.
dialog: Even that old cocksucker Hoover's
text: dead. Things change.
text: An uncomfortable silence. A servant brings coffee to
text: Nixon, but Haldeman cuts him off. No one gets close to his
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: So ... how's the food over there in
dialog: China, Mr. Nixon?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Free, if you're the president.
text: Nervous laughter.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: What are you going to do about this
dialog: Allende fellow nationalizing our
dialog: businesses in Chile? You gonna send
dialog: Kissinger down there?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We're gonna get rid of him -- Allende,
dialog: I mean -- just as fast as we can.
text: He's on the top of the list.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: How about Kissinger along with him?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Kissinger's misunderstood. He
dialog: pretends to be a liberal for his
dialog: Establishment friends, but he's even
dialog: tougher than I am ...
speaker_heading: CUBAN
dialog: So Kissinger stays. Just like Castro,
dialog: Mr. Nixon?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yeah, he stays ...
text: An uncomfortable silence. Jones walks closer to Nixon.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Desi's got a point. What the hell are
dialog: we gonna do about the Communists right
dialog: here in our backyard?!
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What do you mean, Jack?
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: I mean I got federal price controls on
dialog: my oil. The ragheads are beating the
dialog: shit out of me. And I got your EPA
dialog: environment agency with its thumb so
text: far up my ass it's scratching my ear.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Gentlemen, I think it's about time for
dialog: us to be getting to the airport.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Let him finish, Bob.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: ... And now I have a federal judge
dialog: ordering me to bus my kids halfway
dialog: 'cross town to go to school with some
dialog: nigger kids.
dialog: I think, Mr. President, you're
dialog: forgetting who put you where you are.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: The American people put me where I am.
text: Jones smirks. They all smirk. A dreadful moment.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Really? Well, that can be changed.
text: Dead silence. Nixon moves closer to Jones.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Jack, I've learned that politics is
dialog: the art of compromise. I learned it
dialog: the hard way. I don't know if you
dialog: have. But I tell you what, Jack ...
dialog: If you don't like it, there's an
dialog: election in November. You can take
dialog: your money out into the open, give it
dialog: to Wallace ... How about it, Jack?
dialog: Are you willing to do that? Give this
dialog: country over to some poet-pansy
dialog: socialist like George McGovern?
text: Nixon is right in Jones's face now.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Because if you're uncomfortable with
dialog: the EPA up your ass, try the IRS ...
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Well, goddamn. Are you threatening
dialog: me, Dick?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Presidents don't threaten. They don't
dialog: have to.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Good day, gentlemen.
text: As he walks out with Haldeman, there is a stone silence.
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS LANDSCAPE - DAY
text: As the PRESIDENTIAL CAR pulls away in a three-car
dialog: entourage, we hear:
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: ... With George Wallace out of the
text: race, paralyzed by an assassin's
dialog: bullet, Richard Nixon has crushed
dialog: George McGovern in the 1972
dialog: presidential election. It is the
dialog: second biggest landslide in American
dialog: history, but ...
scene_heading: EXT. AIR FORCE ONE - DAY (STOCK FOOTAGE)
text: The plane flying through the clouds. A royal feeling.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: ... the Democrats have increased their
text: majority in the House and the Senate.
dialog: As the new term begins, there is
dialog: mounting evidence of strong hostility
dialog: to President Nixon's mandate for a
dialog: "New American Revolution." However,
dialog: it does not seem that the Watergate
dialog: investigations have, up to now,
dialog: damaged Nixon politically in any
dialog: significant way ...
scene_heading: INT. AIR FORCE ONE - PRESIDENT'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: NIXON looks out the window, turns to HALDEMAN next to him,
text: making notes on his ubiquitous clipboard. ZIEGLER is
dialog: nearby.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You know, they all miss the point.
dialog: Probably our biggest achievement as an
dialog: administration, when it's all said and
dialog: done, isn't China or Russia. It's
dialog: pulling out of Vietnam without a right
dialog: wing revolt.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: I believe you're right, boss.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... but even the presidency isn't
dialog: enough anymore ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: The presidency won't protect us, Bob.
dialog: We're beyond politics now ...
text: Haldeman is puzzled. EHRLICHMAN enters the cabin, excited,
text: extending a cable. He is followed by long-haired JOHN
speaker_heading: DEAN.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Sir, just in from Paris -- the
dialog: Vietnamese have accepted! Henry's
dialog: peace proposal. The bombing worked!
dialog: They're caving.
text: Nixon reads Kissinger's cable, but he doesn't express any
dialog: happiness.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Congratulations, boss.
dialog: (handshake offered)
dialog: A great victory! The madman theory
dialog: wasn't so crazy after all.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: This could be it ... this could be it.
dialog: Four long years ...
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
text: Henry's on his way back to meet us.
dialog: He wants to make sure he gets in all
dialog: the photographs. Incidentally ...
dialog: maybe this isn't the right time but
dialog: ... uh, you should know ... Bill
text: Sullivan over at the FBI got back to
dialog: us with his report on Kissinger.
text: Nixon looks up, interested.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yeah ... Sullivan thinks Henry's
dialog: leaking. He's the one ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Yeah, I knew it. I knew it from '69
dialog: on, and I said it all along, didn't I
dialog: ...
text: Nixon's expression changes totally, narrowing, cold.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No, you didn't, Bob.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Looks like he talked to Joe Kraft ...
dialog: and to the Times. Told them he was
dialog: dead set against the bombing, that you
dialog: were ... "unstable." Claims he has to
dialog: handle you "with kid gloves" ...
text: Waiting on Nixon, who goes into some inner state alone,
text: dark brows furrowing with built-up rage.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (his darker side emerging)
dialog: So that explains his press notices.
text: Working both sides of the fence:
dialog: Jewboy Henry, always trying to get his
dialog: Nobel Prize, get laid ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (in his own world)
dialog: My God, my God! He talked to the New
dialog: York Times?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: We ought to fire his whining ass.
dialog: Right now when he's on top. You know
dialog: what -- it'll set the right example
dialog: for the rest of this administration.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: I would personally enjoy doing that,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (conflicted)
dialog: No, no. He's our only "star" right
dialog: now. He'd go crying straight to the
dialog: press. He'd crucify us -- the
dialog: sonofabitch!
dialog: (lethal)
dialog: Get someone from our staff on his ass.
dialog: Tap his phones. I want to know
dialog: everyone he talks to.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Then we'll see how long the Kissinger
dialog: mystique lasts.
text: In a foul mood now, paranoia setting in like a storm cloud
text: on his face, Nixon shifts back to Dean, who is scared of
text: this Nixon and tries to pacify him.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: So, what about those Watergate clowns,
dialog: John? This fuck Sirica's crazy.
dialog: Thirty-five-year sentences! There
dialog: were no weapons. Right? No injuries.
dialog: There was no success! It's just
dialog: ridiculous.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Sirica's just trying to force one of
dialog: them to testify. But they're solid.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Then what about this Washington Post
dialog: crap? Woodwind and Fernstein?
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: (corrects him)
dialog: Bernstein.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Who the fuck are they?
dialog: (to Haldeman)
dialog: Bob, are you working on revoking the
dialog: Posts's television license?
dialog: (Haldeman nods)
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Well, they're trying to connect Bob
dialog: and John to a secret fund, but they
dialog: don't have much.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (with a look to Ehrlichman)
dialog: They don't have anything on us.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: The FBI's feeding me all their
dialog: reports. I didn't think you should
dialog: lose any more sleep on it, sir.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (mutters, relieved)
dialog: Good man, John, good man.
text: They all fall silent, feeling that false sense of security
text: as the sound of the jet engines takes over. Suddenly,
text: there is an air pocket and they rock back and forth.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - PRESS CONFERENCE - EAST ROOM - DAY
scene_heading: SUBTITLE READS: "JANUARY 1973"
text: NIXON is concluding his statement to the PRESS. HALDEMAN
text: in the background with ZIEGLER.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... I can therefore announce that our
dialog: long and tragic involvement in Vietnam
dialog: is at an end. Our mission is
dialog: accomplished, we have a cease-fire,
dialog: our prisoners of war are coming back,
dialog: and South Vietnam has the right to
dialog: determine its own future. We have
dialog: peace with honor.
text: The REPORTERS are immediately on their feet. A MONTAGE of
text: QUICK CUTS follows to give the impression of a hostile and
text: never-ending barrage of questions without satisfactory
dialog: answers.
scene_heading: REPORTER 1 ("DAN RATHER"-TYPE)
dialog: Sir, isn't it true little has been
dialog: achieved in this peace agreement that
dialog: the Communists have not been offering
dialog: since 1969?
dialog: That in fact your administration has
dialog: needlessly prolonged the war and, at
dialog: certain stages, has escalated it to
dialog: new levels of violence?
speaker_heading: JUMP TO:
scene_heading: REPORTER 2 ("LESLIE STAHL"-TYPE)
dialog: Mr. President, what is your reaction
dialog: to James McCord's statement that high
dialog: White House officials were involved in
dialog: the Watergate break-in?
speaker_heading: JUMP TO:
scene_heading: REPORTER 3 ("SAM DONALDSON"-TYPE)
dialog: Sir, the Washington Post is reporting
dialog: that Mr. Haldeman and Mr. Ehrlichman
dialog: have secretly disbursed up to $900,000
dialog: in campaign funds. Is there any truth
dialog: to that?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: I've said before and I'll say again: I
dialog: will not respond to the charges of the
dialog: Washington Post. Nor will I comment
dialog: on a matter that's currently before
dialog: the courts.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4
dialog: Do you intend to cooperate with
dialog: Senator Ervin's committee?
speaker_heading: REPORTER 5
dialog: Will you agree to the appointment of a
dialog: special prosecutor?
text: The questions flood in. Nixon is overwhelmed. He gathers
text: his papers and starts to move off. A darkly funny thing
text: happens: ZIEGLER wanders into his path, almost colliding.
text: Nixon, pissed, grabs Ziegler by the shoulders, spins him
text: back towards the REPORTERS, and pushes him at them.
text: Ziegler stumbles, looks confused.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY (1973)
text: NIXON storms into his office, picking up an ashtray and
text: hurling it across the room -- it shatters against the wall.
text: Everyone in the room with him -- KISSINGER, HALDEMAN,
text: EHRLICHMAN -- is stunned.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I end the longest war in American
dialog: history and they keep harping on this
dialog: chickenshit! You know who's behind
dialog: this, don't you -- it's Teddy Kennedy!
text: He drowns a broad in his car and he
dialog: can't run for president.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: He got pretty burned at
dialog: Chappaquiddick.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: My point exactly! Somebody had to die
dialog: before his shit got in the paper!
dialog: Fucking Kennedys get away with
dialog: everything. Do you see me screwing
dialog: everything that moves?
dialog: (then)
dialog: For Christ's sake! I did what the New
dialog: York Times editorial page said we
dialog: should do! I ended the war, I got
dialog: SALT I with the Russians, I opened
dialog: China! So why are these cocksuckers
dialog: turning on me? Because they don't
dialog: like the way I look. Where I went to
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Because they're not Americans.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Right. They don't trust! They don't
dialog: trust America!
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (venting with him)
dialog: Why would they?! Who the hell's
dialog: Sulzberger anyway? Their parents are
dialog: gold traders from Eastern Europe.
dialog: They buy things. They come to Jew
text: York City and they buy up things. One
dialog: of the things they buy is the New York
dialog: Times.
dialog: (glares at Kissinger)
dialog: And you know what? Be proud because
dialog: they'll never trust you, sir, because
dialog: we speak for the average American.
text: Ehrlichman shares a look with Kissinger as Nixon and
dialog: Haldeman feed into each other.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You know why they're turning on me?
dialog: They're not serious about power,
dialog: that's why. They're playing with
dialog: power. They're forgetting the
dialog: national interest. In the old days,
dialog: people knew how to hold power, how to
dialog: set limits. They wouldn't have torn
dialog: this country apart over a third-rate
text: burglary.
dialog: All they care about now are their
dialog: egos, looking good at cocktail parties
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: ... beating out the other papers,
dialog: chasing girls ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... worrying whether someone said
dialog: something "nice" about them. All
dialog: short-term, frivolous bullshit; Ben
dialog: Bradlee worrying about Teddy Kennedy
dialog: liking him ...
text: Kissinger tries to get the focus back.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Mr. President, I feel we're drifting
dialog: toward oblivion here. We're playing a
dialog: totally reactive game; we've got to
dialog: get ahead of the ball.
text: (pause, in an embarrassed
dialog: voice)
dialog: We all know you're clean ... Right?
dialog: So let's do a housecleaning. Take the
text: gloves off.
text: Haldeman shares a look with Ehrlichman. Is he referring to
text: them? Nixon turns slowly on Kissinger, cryptic.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Housecleaning? It would be ugly,
dialog: Henry, really ugly ...
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: But it must be done; your government
text: is paralyzed.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: All kinds of shit would come out.
dialog: Like the Ellsberg thing. You knew
dialog: about that, Henry, didn't you?
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: (vague)
dialog: I ... I heard something ... It sounded
dialog: idiotic.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Idiotic? Yes, I suppose it was.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: But you're the one who said we should
text: expose him as some kind of sex fiend.
dialog: Someone took you literally.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: (stung, and suddenly
dialog: knowledgeable)
dialog: I never suggested for some imbeciles
dialog: to go break into a psychiatrist's
dialog: office. How stupid of ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: That doesn't matter now, Henry. The
dialog: point is, you might lose some of your
dialog: media-darling halo if the press starts
text: sniffing around our dirty laundry.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: I had nothing to do with that, sir,
dialog: and I resent any implication ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Resent it all you want, Henry, but
dialog: you're in it with the rest of us.
dialog: Cambodia, Ellsberg, the wiretaps you
dialog: put in. The President wants you to
dialog: know you can't just click your heels
text: and head back to Harvard Yard. It's
dialog: your ass too, Henry, and it's in the
text: wind twisting with everyone else's.
text: A stony silence. The men, all clenched jaws, wait.
text: Kissinger, icily, clicks his heels and withdraws.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: (at the door)
dialog: Mr. Nixon, it is possible for even a
dialog: president to go too far.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yeah ...
text: Nixon laughs maniacally. JOHN DEAN crosses in as Kissinger
text: exits. Dean closes the door behind him.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: You played it perfectly, sir --
dialog: cocksucker! He's going to think twice
text: before he leaks again.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (exultant)
dialog: He'll be looking in his toilet bowl
text: every time he pulls the chain.
text: They laugh madly, like hatters at a tea party.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Mr. President, Hunt wants more money.
dialog: Another hundred-and-thirty thousand.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: He says if he doesn't get it right
dialog: away, he's going to blow us out of the
dialog: water. And he means it. Ever since
dialog: his wife died in the plane crash, he's
text: been over the edge.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Pay him. Pay him what he wants.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: We've got to turn the faucet off on
dialog: this thing. It's out of control ...
text: (as he crosses to Dean, sotto
dialog: voce)
dialog: You might burden just me with this in
dialog: the future.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's Helms -- it's got to be.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: We could leverage Helms.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: When I met with him, he said ...
scene_heading: INT. CIA - HELMS'S OFFFICE - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: HELMS, sitting across from HALDEMAN.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: ... this entire affair, the President
dialog: wants you to know, is related to the
dialog: Bay of Pigs, and if it opens up ...
text: Helms grips the arms of his chair, leans forward excitedly,
text: and yells at Haldeman.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: The Bay of Pigs had nothing to do with
dialog: this! I have no concern about the Bay
dialog: of Pigs!!
text: Haldeman is shocked by Helms's violent reaction, but
dialog: remains very cool.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: This is what the President told me to
dialog: relay to you, Mr. Helms.
speaker_heading: HELMS
dialog: (settling back)
dialog: All right ...
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY (1973)
scene_heading: RESUME SCENE - HALDEMAN, EHRLICHMAN, DEAN and NIXON.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (fishing)
dialog: ... I was wondering what's such
dialog: dynamite in this Bay of Pigs story?
dialog: (Nixon stares, nothing)
dialog: ... although it was clearly effective,
dialog: because all of a sudden it was no
dialog: problem for Helms to go to the FBI and
text: try to put a lid on Watergate.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What about the documents he promised?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: He'll give us the documents.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But I think he should be offered the
dialog: ambassadorship to Iran. Then he'll go
text: without a whimper.
text: Nixon stares at him, distracted.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I promised Iran to Townsend.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Put Townsend in Belgium; it's
dialog: available.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Townsend gave us 300 grand. Belgium's
dialog: not worth more than 100, 150 ...
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: What about England?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Forget it. Ehrenberg's paid three
dialog: times that much ...
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Helms wants Iran or there might be
dialog: problems. All of his old CIA buddies
dialog: are over there making a fortune off
dialog: the Shah.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: For God's sake, when does this end?!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Executive clemency ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Hunt has nothing to lose now. Pardon
dialog: all of them. Nobody's going to
dialog: investigate a crime for which the
dialog: criminals have already been pardoned.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I like that. That's a solution.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: It'll never wash. Pardoning them
dialog: means we're guilty. The people, the
dialog: press will go nuts.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: And what am I supposed to do? Just
dialog: sit here and watch them coming closer?
dialog: Eating their way to the center?
dialog: (paces)
dialog: Lyndon bugged! So did Kennedy! FDR
dialog: cut a deal with Lucky Luciano.
dialog: Christ, even Ike had a mistress!
dialog: What's so special about me?
dialog: (then)
dialog: What about Lyndon? He could make a
text: couple of calls to the Hill and shut
dialog: this whole thing down. Did anyone
dialog: talk to him?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: I did. He hit the roof. No dice. He
dialog: says if you come out with a story
dialog: about how he bugged your plane, he's
dialog: going to reveal ...
text: He looks at Ehrlichman and Dean, pauses.
text: We CUT ACROSS the room from Ehrlichman's point of view as
text: Haldeman whispers the rest of the message in Nixon's ear.
text: Nixon's face goes ashen.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (low key)
dialog: All right ... all right.
text: He walks to the window.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I don't know, I don't know ... I just
dialog: know we've made too many enemies.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Sir, Bob and I are gonna have to
text: testify before Earvin's committee.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No, you're not! You're going to claim
dialog: executive privilege and you're going
dialog: to stonewall it all the way -- plead
dialog: the Fifth Amendment. I don't give a
dialog: shit. They can't force the
dialog: President's people to testify.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Executive privilege will make it look
dialog: like we're covering up.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We are covering up! For some petty,
dialog: stupid shit.
dialog: (then)
dialog: There are things I can say -- when
dialog: other people say them, they'd be lies.
dialog: But when I say them nobody believes me
dialog: anyway ...
text: Pause. A look between Haldeman and Ehrlichman, puzzled.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Then we're going to have to give them
dialog: Mitchell.
text: Nixon turns, stunned.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Mitchell? Mitchell's ... family.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Either it goes to Mitchell or it comes
dialog: here.
text: Nixon looks like he's just been punched in the stomach.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: John's right. It's not personal,
dialog: boss. It's just the way the game is
dialog: played. Sometimes you have to punt.
text: Nixon looks out the window. Suddenly, he looks very old
text: and very tired in the gray Washington light.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Jesus, I'm so goddamn worn out with
dialog: this ...
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: HALDEMAN and EHRLICHMAN leave the President's office.
text: They're pensive, on the move. They come to a huddle next
text: to a window in an isolated alcove.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Who's gonna tell Mitchell?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: You do it.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: 'Cause he hates you. It's worse when
dialog: you get it from someone you trust.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: He's wrong, you know -- about Kennedy,
dialog: LBJ, Truman.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: How so?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Sure, they did stuff, but nothing like
dialog: this, Bob. Forget Watergate, the
dialog: break-ins, the Enemies list. You got
text: an attempted firebombing at the
dialog: Brookings Institution, planting
dialog: McGovern stuff on the guy that shot
text: Wallace, trying to slip LSD to Jack
dialog: Anderson.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: The "Old Man" plays politics harder
dialog: than anybody else.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: You think this is just about politics?
text: They go inanimate as a White House STAFFER passes.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (privately)
dialog: You think LBJ would ever have asked
text: Hunt to forge a cable implicating John
dialog: Kennedy in the assassination of the
dialog: President of Vietnam?
dialog: (whispering fiercely)
dialog: How long have you known him, Bob?
dialog: Twenty years?
dialog: (then)
dialog: You ever shake hands with him? You
dialog: ever have a real conversation with
dialog: him? We don't have a clue what's
dialog: going on inside that man. And look
dialog: what we're doing for him ...
text: Ehrlichman glances around to make sure no one is listening.
text: He leans close.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: This is about Richard Nixon. You got
dialog: people dying because he didn't make
dialog: the varsity football team. You got
text: the Constitution hanging by a thread
dialog: because the "Old Man" went to Whittier
dialog: and not to Yale.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And what the hell is this "Bay of
dialog: Pigs" thing? He goes white every time
text: it gets mentioned.
text: Haldeman, more bothered than he pretends, looks around.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: It's a code or something.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: I figured that out.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (low whisper)
dialog: I think he means the Kennedy
dialog: assassination.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: They went after Castro. In some crazy
dialog: way it got turned on Kennedy. I don't
dialog: think the "P" knows what happened, but
dialog: he's afraid to find out. It's got him
text: shitting peach pits.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Christ, we created Frankenstein with
dialog: those fucking Cubans.
text: Haldeman sighs, lets his guard down.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: Eight words back in '72 -- "I covered
dialog: up. I was wrong. I'm sorry" -- and
dialog: the American public would've forgiven
dialog: him. But we never opened our mouths,
dialog: John. We failed him.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: Dick Nixon saying "I'm sorry"?
dialog: That'll be the day. The whole suit of
text: armor'd fall off.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: So you tell Mitchell ...
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: JOHN DEAN stands at the center of the bridge, looks down
dialog: the Potomac.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Lyndon Johnson passed away today at 74
dialog: -- one of the most tragic of American
dialog: presidents ...
speaker_heading: HUNT (O.S.)
dialog: You're early, John.
text: Dean jumps. Turns. HOWARD HUNT is standing behind him.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I was sorry to hear about your wife.
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: (a look)
dialog: Yes ... I got the money.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: The President would like to know if
dialog: that was the last payment.
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: I'll bet he would.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: In Richard Nixon's long history of
dialog: underhanded dealings, he has never
dialog: gotten better value for his money. If
dialog: I were to open my mouth, all the
dialog: dominoes would fall.
text: Hunt starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Can I ask you a question?
text: Hunt turns.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: How the hell do you have the temerity
dialog: to blackmail the President of the
dialog: United States?
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: That's not the question, John. The
dialog: question is: Why is he paying?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: To protect his people.
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: I'm one of his people. The Cubans are
dialog: his people. And we're going to jail
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Howard, you'll serve no more than two
dialog: years, then he'll pardon you.
speaker_heading: HUNT
dialog: (lights his pipe)
dialog: John, sooner or later -- sooner, I
dialog: think -- you are going to learn the
dialog: lesson that has been learned by
dialog: everyone who has ever gotten close to
dialog: Richard Nixon. That he's the darkness
text: reaching out for the darkness. And
dialog: eventually, it's either you or him.
dialog: Look at the landscape of his life and
dialog: you'll see a boneyard.
text: Hunt throws a match into the river.
speaker_heading: HUNT (CONT'D)
dialog: ... And he's already digging your
dialog: grave, John.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: JOHN DEAN, looking glum, walks down the corridors for his
text: meeting with the President. Passing the SECRETARIES who
text: look at him -- that furtive look of people who sense
dialog: crisis.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: FBI Director-designate, L. Patrick
dialog: Gray, shocked the Senate by revealing
dialog: that John Dean has been secretly
text: receiving FBI reports on Watergate ...
dialog: Gray also said that Dean lied when he
dialog: claimed Howard Hunt did not have an
dialog: office in the White House ...
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY
scene_heading: SUBTITLE READS: "MARCH 1973"
text: DEAN is explaining his new outlook to a quiet NIXON.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: ... this is just the sort of thing
dialog: Mafia people can do -- washing money,
dialog: and things like that. We just don't
dialog: know about these things because we're
dialog: not criminals.
text: On Nixon listening behind his desk, hands cupped over his
text: mouth, frown across his face -- the classic Nixon image of
text: a deep thinker. The CAMERA drops across his desk. And
text: moves towards a MIKE drilled in the edge of the desk.
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FILE ROOM - BASEMENT - DAY
text: A bank of TAPE RECORDERS labelled "Oval Office," "Lincoln
text: Room," "Phones 1-6," "EOB," is rolling. BACK TO SCENE AT
speaker_heading: OPTION:
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: How much do you need?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Uh, I would say these people are going
dialog: to cost a million dollars over the
dialog: next two years ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We could get that.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Uh huh ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We could get a million dollars. We
dialog: could get it in cash. I know where it
dialog: could be gotten.
text: INTERCUT: the TAPE rolling.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm still not confident we can ride
dialog: through this. Some people are going
dialog: to have to go to jail. Hunt's not the
dialog: only problem. Haldeman let me use the
dialog: $350,000 cash fund in his safe to make
dialog: the payments. Ehrlichman had a role,
text: a big role, in the Ellsberg break-in.
dialog: And I'm ...
dialog: uh, I think it's time we begin to
dialog: think in terms of cutting our losses.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (worried about Dean)
dialog: You say, John, cut our losses and all
dialog: the rest. But suppose the thing blows
text: and they indict Bob and the others.
dialog: Jesus, you'd never recover from that,
dialog: John. It's better to fight it out
dialog: instead, and not let people testify
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Sir, I still don't think, uh, we can
dialog: contain it anymore. There's a cancer
dialog: on the presidency. And it's growing.
dialog: With every day that ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Jesus, everything is a crisis among
dialog: the upper intellectual types, the
dialog: softheads. The average people don't
dialog: think it's much of a crisis. For
dialog: Christ's sake, it's not Vietnam ... no
dialog: one's dying here. Isn't it
dialog: ridiculous?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I agree it's ridiculous but --
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I mean, who the hell cares about this
dialog: penny-ante shit. Goldwater put it
dialog: right. He said: "Well for Christ's
dialog: sake, everybody bugs everybody else;
dialog: we know that." ... It's the cover-up,
dialog: not the deed that's really bad here.
dialog: (then)
dialog: If only Mitchell could step up and
dialog: take the brunt of it; give them the
dialog: hors d'oeuvre and maybe they won't
dialog: come back for the main course. That's
dialog: the tragedy of all this. Mitchell's
text: going to get it in the neck anyway.
dialog: It's time he assumed some
dialog: responsibility.
text: Dean has a nervous look in his eye.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: He won't. He told Ehrlichman he
dialog: won't.
text: A lightning-like IMAGE reveals MITCHELL, responding to
text: EHRLICHMAN. This is Nixon's mind at work.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: You tell Brother Dick I got suckered
dialog: into this thing by not paying
dialog: attention to what these bastards were
dialog: doing. I don't have a guilty
dialog: conscience ... And he shouldn't
dialog: either.
text: Nixon glances towards the microphone as he moves around the
text: desk to get closer to Dean.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (loud and clear)
dialog: He's right. Maybe it's time to go to
text: the hang-out route, John. A full and
dialog: thorough investigation ... We've
dialog: cooperated with the FBI, we'll
dialog: cooperate with the Senate. What do we
dialog: have to hide?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (prompted)
dialog: No, we have nothing to hide.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (repeating)
dialog: We have nothing to hide.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But the only flaw in the plan is that
dialog: they're not going to believe the
dialog: truth. That is the incredible thing!
text: Dean, who is worried about his own hide if the truth comes
text: out, sees the point of this.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I agree. It's tricky. Everything
dialog: seems to lead back here, and, uh ...
dialog: people would never understand.
text: Nixon awkwardly puts his arm around Dean's shoulder. Dean
text: begins to sense a betrayal in the offing.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: John, I want you to get away from this
dialog: madhouse, these reporters, and go up
dialog: to Camp David for the weekend. And I
dialog: want you to write up a report. I want
dialog: you to put everything you know about
dialog: Watergate in there. Say: Mr.
dialog: President, here it all is.
text: Another lightning-like IMAGE is Nixon's worst fear -- JOHN
text: DEAN is at the table, plea-bargaining with TWO PROSECUTORS,
dialog: their backs to us.
speaker_heading: DEAN (V.O.)
dialog: You want me to put it all in writing?
dialog: Over my signature?
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: Nobody knows more about this thing
dialog: than you do, John.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I'm not going to be the scapegoat for
text: this. Haldeman and Ehrlichman are in
dialog: just as deep as me.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: John, you don't want to start down
dialog: that road. I remember what Whittaker
dialog: Chambers told me back in '48 -- and he
dialog: was a man who suffered greatly -- he
dialog: said, "On the road of the informer,
dialog: it's always night."
dialog: (then)
dialog: This is beyond you or even me. It's
dialog: the country, John. It's the
dialog: presidency.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I understand that, sir.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Good. You know how I feel about
dialog: loyalty. I'm not going to let any of
dialog: my people go to jail. That I promise
dialog: you.
dialog: (moves closer)
dialog: The important thing is to keep this
text: away from Haldeman and Ehrlichman.
dialog: I'm trusting you to do that, John. I
dialog: have complete confidence in you.
dialog: Off Dean's face we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TELEVISION SCREEN - NIXON - NIGHT (1973)
text: NIXON on the TV screen, shaken, ashen-faced.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TV)
dialog: I was determined that we should get to
dialog: the bottom of Watergate, and the truth
dialog: should be fully brought out no matter
dialog: who was involved ...
scene_heading: INT. CIA - HELMS'S OFFICE - NIGHT (1973)
text: RICHARD HELMS, absently watching NIXON on TV, carries a
text: handful of documents to a CIA incinerator. He drops them
text: in the fire, watches them burn.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TV)
dialog: (struggles)
dialog: Today, in one of the most difficult
dialog: decisions of my presidency, I accepted
dialog: the resignations of two of my closest
dialog: associates -- Bob Haldeman and John
dialog: Ehrlichman -- two of the finest public
dialog: servants it has been my privilege to
dialog: know ... The counsel to the President,
text: John Dean, has also resigned.
text: CLOSE on Helms burning documents.
text: LIMBO - HALDEMAN watches TV, his WIFE and CHILDREN next to
text: him. He thinks back to:
scene_heading: INT. EXEC OFFICE BLDG - NIXON OFFICE - NIGHT (FLASHBACK)
text: Haldeman's mind -- the last one-to-one session. HALDEMAN
text: leaves the office, looking back over his shoulder at NIXON
text: alone in the gathering shadows.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: More light, chief?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (distracted, waves)
dialog: No ...
text: Haldeman exits.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE:
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: ... There can be no whitewash at the
dialog: White House ... two wrongs do not make
dialog: a right. I love America. God bless
dialog: America and God bless each and every
dialog: one of you.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Sir ... six bodies.
text: His wife puts her hand on his knee in support. He squeezes
text: her hand.
speaker_heading: LIMBO -
text: EHRLICHMAN also watches, with FAMILY.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT
text: NIXON sits at his desk, holding a rigid expression.
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER (O.S.)
dialog: And ... we're clear.
text: We stay on Nixon as the film lights go off, leaving him in
text: shadow. He is devastated.
text: ALEXANDER HAIG, Nixon's new chief-of-staff, seen earlier,
text: watches Nixon for a moment, turns to a VIDEO CREW.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Out.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT (1973)
text: NIXON at one end of the lengthy table, PAT at the other,
text: eat in a dreadful silence, attended by MANOLO and SERVANTS
text: who move nervously, anxious to have the dinner over with.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (at last)
dialog: I'm giving a tea for the wives of the
dialog: POWs.
text: Nixon doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: PAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you going to Key Biscayne?
text: Nixon doesn't look up.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Ron told me that Bob Haldeman's been
dialog: calling. But you won't talk to him
dialog: ... if he's convicted, will you pardon
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: ... Why are you cutting yourself off
dialog: from the rest of us?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Can't we discuss this?
text: Nixon slowly sets his spoon down. An icy stare.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What exactly did you want to discuss,
dialog: Pat?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You. What' you're doing --
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: And what am I doing?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I wish I knew. You're hiding.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Hiding what?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Whatever it is you've always been
dialog: hiding. You're letting it destroy
dialog: you, Dick. You won't even ask for
dialog: help. You're destroying yourself,
dialog: Dick.
text: Nixon pauses, rings the dinner bell. MANOLO reappears at
text: the door.
speaker_heading: NIXON
text: Mrs. Nixon is finished.
text: Pat looks as if she's been slapped; slowly puts down her
text: silverware. MANOLO clears away her plate.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I'm the only left, Dick. If you don't
dialog: talk to me, you ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Brezhnev's coming in three days. I
dialog: don't want to deal with them. And
dialog: him. And you.
text: Pat sits rigid for a moment.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: How much more? How much more is it
dialog: going to cost? When do the rest of us
dialog: stop paying off your debts?
text: Nixon puts down his fork, embarrassed. Manolo has beaten a
text: hasty retreat.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I'd like to finish my dinner in peace.
dialog: It's not too much to ask.
text: Pat stands slowly.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: No, it isn't. I won't interfere with
dialog: you anymore. I'm finished trying.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Thank you?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Dick, sometimes I understand why they
dialog: hate you.
text: Nixon watches her walk out the door. Then, he picks up his
text: fork and continues eating.
speaker_heading: SENATOR SAM ERVIN (V.O.)
dialog: (drawls)
dialog: The Senate Select Committee on
dialog: Watergate will come to order ...
text: A gavel POUNDS O.S.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - HAIG'S OFFICE - DAY
text: NIXON STAFFERS are gathered around Haig's TV set at as we:
speaker_heading: CROSSCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMMITTEE CHAMBER - (SEEN ONLY ON TV) - DAY (1973)
text: JOHN DEAN reads his statement to the COMMITTEE.
text: Conservatively groomed, horn-rimmed glasses, shorter hair,
text: Dean speaks in a monotone. A pretty blond woman, his WIFE,
text: sits noticeably behind him.
speaker_heading: DEAN (ON TV)
dialog: ... it was a tremendous disappointment
dialog: to me because it was quite clear that
dialog: the cover-up, as far as the White
dialog: House was concerned, was going to
dialog: continue ...
speaker_heading: STAFFERS
dialog: Lying sack of shit! Little mommy's
dialog: boy -- go tell the teacher, will ya
dialog: ...
text: HAIG looks at Dean on TV, shakes his head, disgusted, and
text: goes out.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: The weasel's got no proof. Just
dialog: remember that it's still an informer's
dialog: word against the President's.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: HAIG walks past STAFF into the Oval Office.
speaker_heading: DEAN (ON TV)
dialog: (droning on)
dialog: ... it was apparent to me I had failed
dialog: in turning the President around ... I
dialog: reached the conclusion that Ehrlichman
dialog: would never admit to his involvement
dialog: in the cover-up ... I assumed that
dialog: Haldeman would not, because he would
dialog: believe it was a higher duty to
dialog: protect the President ...
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY (1973)
text: HAIG slides into the room where NIXON and LEONID BREZHNEV,
text: Premier of the USSR, are engaged in a friendly meeting
text: through an INTERPRETER. ANDREI GROMYKO completes the glum
dialog: Soviet threesome.
speaker_heading: BREZHNEV
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: ... Mao told me in 1963: "If I have
dialog: nuclear weapons, let 400 million
dialog: Chinese die, 300 million will be
dialog: left."
dialog: (leans closer)
dialog: Mao suffers from a mental disorder; we
dialog: know this a long time in my country.
dialog: (then)
dialog: This is the man you want to be your
dialog: ally?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: He was your ally for twenty years,
dialog: Leonid.
speaker_heading: BREZHNEV
dialog: (makes a funny gesture)
dialog: Yes, yes, Dick. Life is always the
dialog: best teacher, you know this -- and you
dialog: too will discover how treacherous he
dialog: can be. But it must not interfere
text: with the building of a SALT II treaty
dialog: between our great countries. Peace in
dialog: our era is possible ...
text: Nixon looks to Haig, who whispers something in his ear.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Chairman.
text: Nixon and Haig move to a corner of the room, whisper.
speaker_heading: BREZHNEV
dialog: (to Gromyko)
dialog: If Haldeman and Ehrlichman are
dialog: indicted, it will wound him, perhaps
text: fatally.
speaker_heading: GROMYKO
dialog: That depends on who they believe --
dialog: Nixon or Dean.
text: Brezhnev looks at Nixon, who is visibly shaken.
speaker_heading: BREZHNEV
dialog: (shakes his head)
text: Incredible. He looks like a man with
dialog: little time left.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - NIXON BEDROOM - NIGHT (1973)
text: Nixon's daughter, JULIE, earnest, bright-eyed, looks at her
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: Did you ... Daddy? Did you cover it
dialog: up?
text: NIXON looks at her steadily.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Do you think I would do something like
dialog: that, honey?
text: Julie shakes her head vigorously, then puts her hands to
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Then you can't resign! You just
dialog: can't. You're one of the best
dialog: presidents this country's ever had!
dialog: You've done what Lincoln did. You've
dialog: brought this country back from civil
dialog: war! You can't let your enemies tear
dialog: you down!
dialog: (calmer)
dialog: You've got to stay and fight. I'll go
dialog: out there and make speeches, Dad. No
dialog: one knows the real you. How sweet you
dialog: are, how nice you are to people. I'll
dialog: tell them.
text: She embraces him almost desperately, kissing him on the
text: forehead, crying.
speaker_heading: JULIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Daddy, you are the most decent person
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (over her shoulder)
dialog: I hope I haven't let you down.
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: (hugging him through her
dialog: tears)
dialog: They just don't know; they don't know
dialog: the real you.
text: On Nixon - CLOSE.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - PAT'S BEDROOM - DAY (1973)
text: PAT is still wearing her nightdress, coffee and cigarette
text: in hand, as her press secretary, HELEN SMITH, runs through
text: a sheaf of papers. A TELEVISION drones in the background.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (cheery)
dialog: ... and on Friday we have the high
dialog: school students from Ohio, Saturday is
dialog: the Women's National Republican Club
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER 1 (V.O.)
dialog: In a development that could break
text: Watergate wide open, Alexander
dialog: Butterfield, testifying today before
dialog: the Senate Select Committee, revealed
dialog: the existence of a taping system that
dialog: may have recorded conversations in the
dialog: White House, the EOB, and the Camp
dialog: David retreat ...
text: Pat glances up over the top of her glasses.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And on Sunday you're saying hello to
dialog: the VFW Poppy Girl ...
text: She realizes Pat is not listening.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Mrs. Nixon ... ?
text: Close: on Pat as she slowly raises a hand to her lips.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER 1 (V.O.)
dialog: White House sources say that over the
dialog: past three years, President Nixon has
dialog: recorded virtually every conversation
dialog: he has had, including those with his
dialog: staff, and even members of his own
dialog: family ...
text: Pat is horrified.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - NIXON'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: NIXON sits in his bed, alone, still in his pajamas. It's
text: clear he hasn't slept. He looks shell-shocked.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER 1 (V.O.)
dialog: This is a stunning revelation. If
dialog: such tapes exist, they could tell us
dialog: once and for all: What did the
dialog: President know and when did he know it
dialog: ...
text: The CAMERA closing on NIXON. His deepest secrets are now
text: being revealed. He begins coughing violently. He tries to
text: cover his mouth, but notices now that his hand and the
text: sheets around him are covered with blood. He screams,
dialog: terrified.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Oh God - Pat!
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR - DAY (1973)
text: NIXON on a gurney, being wheeled down a hospital corridor.
text: PAT, wearing dark sunglasses, is with him, very concerned.
text: A plastic mask is over his face.
text: He struggles to get up, but a NURSE gently presses him back
text: down. SECRET SERVICE AGENTS surround the gurney. HAIG
text: clears the corridors nervously.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Clear the path! The President is
dialog: coming through. Clear a path. I'm in
dialog: charge here.
text: PAT gets the DOCTOR's attention on the move.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (privately)
dialog: Is it TB?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: No.
dialog: He's sure he has tuberculosis.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: No, it's an acute viral pneumonia.
dialog: (lowers his voice)
dialog: But that's not what we're worried
dialog: about. We found an inflammation in
dialog: his left leg. It's phlebitis ...
text: CLOSE on Nixon, eyes closed; the overhead lights reflect in
dialog: the mask.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: Watergate Special Prosecutor Archibald
dialog: Cox has broadened his investigation to
dialog: include President's Nixon's business
dialog: dealings and house payments. Nixon
dialog: apparently paid no income tax in the
dialog: years 1970, '71 and '72 ... and may
dialog: have illegally used government funds
dialog: to improve his San Clemente Western
dialog: White House.
text: HAIG holds open the doors as the ORDERLIES push Nixon into
dialog: the respiratory unit.
scene_heading: INT. BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL - RESPIRATORY UNIT - DAY
text: A DOCTOR and NURSE remove the mask from NIXON'S face.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: Attorney General Elliot Richardson
dialog: will present evidence to a grand jury
dialog: that Vice President Agnew is guilty of
dialog: bribery, extortion and tax evasion ...
text: Nixon immediately starts gasping. He again tries to rise,
text: but hands push him back. The doctor fits the mouthpiece of
text: the respirator into Nixon's mouth. Images of the Beast
text: pervade the room.
text: Nixon begins breathing ... His eyes going past PAT to ...
scene_heading: IMAGES OF THE PAST - OF HIS PARENTS, FRANK, HANNAH, LITTLE
text: ARTHUR, HAROLD ... THE GROCERY STORE.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: MARTHA MITCHELL is acting strangely behind enormous
text: sunglasses -- at an impromptu interview on the STREET.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: ... Can you keep a secret, honey?
dialog: Tween you, me and the gatepost, Tricky
dialog: Dick always knew what was going on ...
dialog: every last goddamn detail. And my
dialog: husband's not taking the rap this time
dialog: ... They know they can't shut me up,
dialog: so they'll probably end up killing me,
dialog: but I depend on you, the press, to
dialog: protect me ... and my husband, because
dialog: that's what it's going to come to ...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: JOHN MITCHELL, angry, beleaguered, bypasses cameras outside
text: a COURTHOUSE.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
text: She doesn't know what she's talking
dialog: about. Stop bothering her. She's not
dialog: well. Hell, she's nuts -- you
dialog: bastards've seen to that.
dialog: (brushing past another
dialog: question)
dialog: You can stick it right up your
dialog: keester, fella. Our marriage is
dialog: finished, thank you very much ...
text: He pushes on.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL - RESPIRATORY UNIT
text: NIXON in the hospital, breathing.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Archibald Cox declared war on
dialog: President Nixon today by issuing a
dialog: subpoena for nine of the President's
dialog: tapes ...
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Never! Over my dead body!
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - WEST WING CORRIDOR - DAY (1973)
text: NIXON, his leg swollen, limps down the corridor, furious.
text: HAIG walks with him, ZIEGLER and the lawyer, BUZHARDT,
text: bringing up the rear. HAIG clears the corridor of
text: potential eavesdroppers.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's the President's personal
dialog: property! I will never give up my
text: tapes to a bunch of Kennedy-loving
dialog: Harvard Democrat cocksuckers!
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: This could trigger the impeachment.
dialog: They'll go to the Supreme Court next.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Let 'em try! I appointed three of
dialog: those bastards! I'm not giving 'em my
dialog: tapes!
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Can the president afford to ignore a
dialog: subpoena?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Who the fuck does Cox think he is?
dialog: (fumes)
dialog: I never made a dime from public
dialog: office! I'm honest. My dad died
dialog: broke. You know the sonofabitch went
dialog: to law school with Jack Kennedy? ...
dialog: The last gasp of the Establishment!
dialog: They got the hell kicked out of 'em in
dialog: the election, so now they gotta squeal
dialog: about Watergate 'cause we were the
dialog: first real threat to them in years.
dialog: And by God, Al, we would have changed
dialog: it, changed it so they couldn't have
dialog: changed it back in a hundred years, if
dialog: only ...
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Congress is considering four articles
dialog: of impeachment, sir.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: For what?!
speaker_heading: BUZHARDT
dialog: Sir, the charges are serious -- first,
dialog: abuse of power; second, obstruction of
dialog: justice; third, failure to cooperate
dialog: with Congress; and last, bombing
dialog: Cambodia ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: They can't impeach me for bombing
dialog: Cambodia. The President can bomb
dialog: anybody he wants.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: That's true ...
speaker_heading: BUZHARDT
dialog: Sir, we'll win that one, but the other
dialog: three ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You know, Fred, they sell tickets.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: NIXON
text: They sell tickets to an impeachment.
dialog: Like a fucking circus ... Okay, so
dialog: they impeach me. Then it's a question
dialog: of mathematics. How many votes do we
dialog: have in the Senate?
text: A beat. Then:
speaker_heading: HAIG
text: About a dozen.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (wounded)
dialog: A dozen? I got half of 'em elected.
dialog: I still got the South and Goldwater
dialog: and his boys. I'll take my chances
dialog: with the Senate.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: We should ...
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Then we'll have to deal with the
dialog: possibility of removal from office,
dialog: loss of pension, possibly ... prison.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Shit, plenty of people did their best
dialog: writing in prison. Gandhi, Lenin ...
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (beat, glowers darkly)
dialog: What I know about this country, I ...
dialog: I could rip it apart. If they want a
dialog: public humiliation, that's what
dialog: they'll get. But I will never resign
dialog: this office. Where the fuck am I?
text: They look at him strangely. They've stopped at the doors
text: of the East Room. The SOUND of VOICES and VIOLIN playing
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Ziegler)
dialog: What's in there?
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: POWs. And their families.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: So I'm supposed to be ...
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
text: Compassionate. Grateful.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Proud?
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Of them.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: Yes, yes.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (back to Haig, bitterly)
dialog: Fire him.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Cox! Fire him.
speaker_heading: HAIG
text: But he works for the Attorney General.
dialog: Only Richardson can fire him.
speaker_heading: BUZHARDT
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Sir, if I may ... echo my concern ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (ignoring Buzhardt, to Haig)
dialog: Then tell Richardson to fire him.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Richardson won't do that. He'll
dialog: resign.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: The hell he will! Fire him, too. If
dialog: you have to go all the way down to the
text: janitor at the Justice Department,
dialog: fire the sonofabitch! And ...
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: He asked for it.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: May I just say something, sir? I
dialog: think you should welcome the subpoena.
dialog: The tapes can only prove that Dean is
dialog: a liar.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: That's right, sir.
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: There's more ... there's more than
dialog: just me. You can't break, my boy,
dialog: even when there's nothing left. You
dialog: can't admit, even to yourself, that
dialog: it's gone, Al.
dialog: (pointing to the East Room)
dialog: Do you think those POWs in there did?
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: No, sir ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Now some people, we both know them,
dialog: Al, think you can go stand in the
text: middle of the bullring and cry, "Mea
dialog: culpa, mea culpa," while the crowd is
text: hissing and booing and spitting on
dialog: you. But a man doesn't cry.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I don't cry. You don't cry ... You
dialog: fight!
text: INTERCUT soft IMAGES over NIXON being pounded at FOOTBALL.
text: Nixon straightens himself, puts on a smile, nods to
text: Ziegler. Ziegler opens the door. A ROAR of CHEERS and
text: MARTIAL MUSIC greets the President, as he disappears
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: TELEVISION SCREEN - NBC LOGO - LIMBO
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: We interrupt this program for a
text: special report from NBC News.
text: A REPORTER appears, stunned.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (ON TV)
text: The country tonight is in the midst of
dialog: what may be the most serious
dialog: constitutional crisis in history.
dialog: In the wake of Vice President Spiro
text: Agnew's forced resignation on charges
dialog: of corruption, President Nixon has
dialog: fired Special Prosecutor Archibald
dialog: Cox.
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY IMAGES - ARCHIBALD COX walking in the street,
text: having heard the news, smiling.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Attorney General Elliot Richards has
dialog: resigned rather than comply with the
dialog: President's order, and Deputy Attorney
dialog: General William Ruckelshaus was fired
dialog: when he refused to carry out the order
dialog: ...
text: DOCUMENTARY IMAGES - FBI AGENTS carrying boxes of files out
text: of the Special Prosecutor's office. RUCKELSHAUS getting
text: into a car, refusing to comment. ELLIOT RICHARDSON moving
text: down the gauntlet of REPORTERS. We CUT BACK to the
text: REPORTER on camera, grim.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: Tonight, the country, without a Vice
text: President, stands poised at a
dialog: crossroads -- has a government of laws
dialog: become a government of one man?
scene_heading: EXT. THE WHITE HOUSE - NIGHT (1973)
text: As before, the black iron bars. The facade of the mansion.
text: The light in the second floor. We move in slowly.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - LINCOLN SITTING ROOM - NIGHT (1973)
text: NIXON is really drunk now, listening to some GIBBERISH on
text: the tape. We move in on his profile, framed by Lincoln in
dialog: the background. We should not be able to make out the
text: voices -- occasional words like "Castro," "Kennedy." But
dialog: that's about it ... nothing more. And as we move closer on
text: Nixon, bleary-eyed, we should feel he has no idea, either,
text: of what he's listening to. It's just ... noise. PAT's
text: voice cuts in. She's standing at the doorway. She's been
text: drinking too, but is sharp.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: They're like love letters. You should
dialog: burn them.
text: Nixon, startled, tries to shut off the tape, but he hits
text: the wrong button and we hear high-speed VOICES in reverse.
speaker_heading: PAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Why didn't you?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (slurs)
dialog: You can't expect me to explain that to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: What matters to me is whether you
dialog: understand it.
text: A beat. He finally gets the tape stopped.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: They're evidence. You can't legally
dialog: destroy evidence.
text: Pat stares at him.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You don't expect me to believe that
dialog: for one minute, do you?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Does it matter what's on them?
dialog: Really? ... Murder, Dick? Sex? Your
dialog: secrets, your fantasies? Or just me
dialog: and you and ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Don't be ridiculous!
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I remember Alger Hiss. I know how
dialog: ugly you can be -- you're capable of
dialog: anything. But you see, it doesn't
dialog: really matter, at the end of the day,
dialog: what's on them. Because you have
dialog: absolutely no remorse. No concept of
dialog: remorse. You want the tapes to get
dialog: out, you want them to see you at your
dialog: worst ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You're drunk!
dialog: Pat laughs, "Yeah, I am."
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: No one will ever see those tapes.
dialog: Including you!
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: And what would I find out that I
dialog: haven't known for years.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What makes it so damn sad is that you
dialog: couldn't confide in any of us.
dialog: You had to make a record ... for the
dialog: whole world.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: They were for me. They're mine.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: No. They're not yours. They are you.
dialog: You should burn them.
text: She turns and walks out. Nixon is turbulent, upset. He
text: turns and suddenly sees the ghost of his young mother,
text: HANNAH, sitting there in the shadows, staring at him.
text: He jumps. Those eyes of hers. Penetrating, gazing right
dialog: through him.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What has changed in thee, Richard ...
dialog: When thou were a boy ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (blurts out)
dialog: No! Please! Don't talk to me!
dialog: Anything ... but don't talk to me.
text: A SHARP CUT snaps us from the reverie, and Nixon is alone
text: in his sitting room, the door closed, the VOICE on the tape
text: droning. He downs pills with the Scotch.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TAPE) (CONT'D)
dialog: ... these guys went after Castro.
dialog: Seven times, ten times ... What do you
dialog: think -- people like that, they just
dialog: give up? They just walk away?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Whoever killed Kennedy came from this
dialog: ... this thing we created. This Beast
dialog: ... That's why we can't let this thing
dialog: go any farther.
text: He looks over at the recorder, slowly turning. He pushes
text: "Stop" and then runs it back on "Rewind." High-speed
text: voices. He pushes "Stop" again. A series of TIME CUTS
text: shows Nixon getting drunker, playing all sections of the
text: tape. The camera closes on the tape machine. It's all a
text: blur as we hear a HUM growing louder and louder, as we inch
text: in on an abstract CLOSE-UP of the TAPE moving across the
dialog: capstan.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: In the latest bombshell, the
dialog: President's lawyers revealed that
text: there is an eighteen-and-a-half minute
text: gap in a critical Watergate tape ...
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - WEST WING - DAY (1974)
text: A frenzy of paperwork as the PRESIDENT'S LAWYERS --
text: BUZHARDT and ST. CLAIR -- sit hunched around a table piled
text: with transcripts, helped by TWO YOUNG ASSISTANTS.
text: NIXON is aghast as he reads some of the highlighted
text: sections. HAIG and ZIEGLER attend.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1 (V.O.)
text: ... In an attempt to head off
dialog: impeachment proceedings, the President
dialog: has agreed to release transcripts of
dialog: forty-six taped conversations ...
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2 (V.O.)
text: ... In a simple ceremony, Gerald Ford
dialog: was sworn in as Vice President. A
dialog: longtime, popular member of Congress,
dialog: Ford reinforces a sense of ...
speaker_heading: REPORTER 3 (V.O.)
dialog: ... citing White House wrong-doing,
dialog: the judge has dismissed all charges
dialog: against Daniel Ellsberg.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4 (V.O.)
dialog: ... the grand jury has indicted former
dialog: Nixon aides Bob Haldeman, John
dialog: Ehrlichman and former Attorney General
dialog: John Mitchell ...
text: Nixon shakes the paper in the faces of Buzhardt and St.
dialog: Clair.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You're lawyers. How can you let this
dialog: shit go by!
dialog: (points)
dialog: Look! This? Nixon can't say this.
speaker_heading: BUZHARDT
dialog: You did say it, sir.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Never. I never said that about Jews!
text: Buzhardt glances at St. Clair.
speaker_heading: BUZHARDT
dialog: We could check the tape again, sir.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You don't need to check the tape. I
dialog: know what I said.
text: He grabs the Magic Marker out of the lawyer's hand and
text: furiously blacks out an entire section.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: And this?! Good Lord, have you lost
dialog: your mind? Nixon can't say this.
dialog: "Niggers"!
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: Well, we could delete it.
scene_heading: ST. CLAIR
dialog: We're doing the best we can, sir.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Well, it's not good enough ...
scene_heading: ST. CLAIR
dialog: We can black it out.
speaker_heading: ZIEGLER
dialog: Or we could write "expletive deleted."
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... and get rid of all these
dialog: "goddamns" and "Jesus Christs"!
scene_heading: ST. CLAIR
dialog: Sir, all these deletion marks in the
dialog: transcripts will make it look you
dialog: swear all the time.
text: Nixon grows cold, stares steadily at St. Clair.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: For Christ's sake, it soils my
dialog: mother's memory. Do you think I want
dialog: the whole goddamn world to see my
dialog: mother like this? Raising a dirty
dialog: mouth!
speaker_heading: BUZHARDT
dialog: But sir, we'll have to start over from
dialog: the beginning. We don't have the
dialog: staff to ...
text: Nixon loses it, sweeps the pile of transcripts off the
text: table. They fly around the office.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Then start over! The world will see
dialog: only what I show them. From page one!
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - NIGHT (1974)
text: NIXON sits at his desk, grimacing tightly into the TV
text: CAMERA. Next to him is a stack of blue binders emblazoned
text: with the presidential seal.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Good evening, my fellow Americans.
dialog: Tonight I'm taking an action
dialog: unprecedented in the history of this
dialog: office ...
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - HAIG'S OFFICE - NIGHT (1974)
text: KISSINGER and HAIG watch NIXON on television. They share a
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TV)
dialog: ... an action that will at last, once
dialog: and for all, show that what I knew and
dialog: what I did with regard to the
dialog: Watergate break-in and cover-up were
dialog: just as I have described them to you
dialog: from the very beginning ...
speaker_heading: HAIG
text: He's completely lost touch with
dialog: reality.
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TV)
dialog: I had no knowledge of the cover-up
dialog: until John Dean told me about it on
dialog: March twenty-first. And I did not
dialog: intend that payment to Hunt or anyone
dialog: else be made ...
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Can you imagine what this man would
dialog: have been had he ever been loved?
speaker_heading: NIXON (ON TV)
dialog: ... because people have got to know
dialog: whether or not their President is a
dialog: crook. Well, I am not a crook. I
dialog: have never made a dime from public
dialog: service ...
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Oh God, I'm going to throw up.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: They'll crucify him ...
text: Kissinger turns to Haig.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Does anybody care anymore?
dialog: (then)
dialog: What happens after ... ?
text: They share a look.
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - PAT'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: PAT sits alone, drinking, as the television drones on with
text: the latest invasion of her privacy. As we move in, we see
text: the spirit drawn out of her. She seems numb.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WHITE HOUSE - DOCUMENTARY IMAGE - NIGHT (1974)
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: The Supreme Court ruled today eight-to
dialog: zero that President Nixon's claims of
dialog: "executive privilege" cannot be used
dialog: in criminal cases, and that he must
dialog: turn over all subpoenaed tapes ... a
text: firestorm on Capitol Hill as ...
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - CORRIDORS & STAIRS - NIGHT (1974)
text: SUBTITLE READS: "JULY 1974," over EMPTY SHOTS of an EMPTY
text: HOUSE, filled with gloom and dread. The FOOTSTEPS of two
text: silhouettes crack the silence as they make their way
text: towards the Lincoln Sitting Room. It is an eerie echo of
text: the film's opening shots of the White House. The
text: silhouettes now become apparent as GENERAL HAIG and HENRY
scene_heading: KISSINGER.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS (V.O.)
dialog: ... The House Judiciary Committee has
dialog: voted twenty-seven-to-eleven to
dialog: recommend impeachment to the full
text: House. The deliberations now go to
dialog: the House floor ... In its report, the
dialog: Committee offers evidence that Nixon
dialog: obstructed justice on at least thirty
dialog: six occasions, that he encouraged his
text: aides to commit perjury, and that he
dialog: abused the powers of his office ... In
dialog: a separate report, the Senate Select
dialog: Committee details the misuses of the
dialog: IRS, the FBI, the CIA and the Justice
dialog: Department. It denounces the
dialog: Plumbers, and it raises questions of
dialog: whether the United States had a valid
dialog: election in 1972.
text: HIGH ANGLE - Haig knocks and enters the Lincoln Sitting
text: Room. A shaft of LIGHT from inside zigzags the darkness.
text: And we hear a snatch of LOUD MUSIC before the door is
dialog: closed.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - LINCOLN SITTING ROOM - NIGHT (1974)
text: NIXON sits in his chair in a suit and tie, listening to
text: "Victory at Sea" at top volume. In front of him is a
text: picture album -- 1922 portraits of the NIXON FAMILY.
text: HAROLD holding ARTHUR. RICHARD stares glumly at the camera
text: between HANNAH and FRANK.
text: GENERAL HAIG, with KISSINGER behind, approaches with some
text: papers held out in his hand. Nixon sees them, turns down
dialog: the hi-fi.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: "Victory at Sea," Al ... Henry. The
dialog: Pacific Theatre. Christ, you can
text: almost feel the waves breaking over
dialog: the decks.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: I'm afraid we have another problem,
dialog: Mr. President.
text: He hands him a paper. Nixon glances at it.
speaker_heading: HAIG (CONT'D)
dialog: June twenty-third, '72, sir. The part
dialog: that's underlined. Your instructions
dialog: to Haldeman regarding the CIA and the
dialog: FBI.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Your lawyers feel it's the ...
dialog: "smoking gun."
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's totally out of context. I was
dialog: protecting the national security. I
dialog: never intended --
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Sir, the deadline is today.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Can we get around this, Al?
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: It's the Supreme Court, sir; you don't
dialog: get around it.
text: Nixon, silenced, looks down at the paper in his hands and
dialog: sighs.
speaker_heading: HAIG (CONT'D)
dialog: If you resign, you can keep your tapes
dialog: as a private citizen ... You can fight
dialog: them for years.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: And if I stay?
text: A long moment.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: You have the army.
text: Nixon looks up at him, then over at Henry.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: The army?
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Lincoln used it.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: That was civil war.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: How do you see this?
text: Nixon closes his eyes. Haig takes the transcript back.
speaker_heading: HAIG (CONT'D)
dialog: We can't survive this, sir. They also
dialog: have you instructing Dean to make the
dialog: payoff to Hunt.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: There is nothing in that statement the
dialog: President can't explain.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Sir, you talked about opening up the
dialog: whole "Bay of Pigs" thing again.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: That's right ...
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: Three days before, on the June
dialog: twentieth tape -- the one with the
dialog: eighteen-minute gap --
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: I don't know anything about that.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: (continues)
dialog: ...
dialog: you mentioned the "Bay of Pigs"
dialog: several times. Sooner or later
dialog: they're going to want to know what
dialog: that means. They're going to want to
dialog: know what was on that gap ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: It's gone. No one will ever find out
dialog: what's on it.
text: Haig moves closer and leans down, very low, whispers.
speaker_heading: HAIG
dialog: They might ... if there were another
text: ... recording.
text: Nixon glances up at him.
speaker_heading: HAIG (CONT'D)
dialog: We both know it's possible.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I know for a fact it's possible.
text: Nixon stares up at him.
speaker_heading: HAIG (CONT'D)
dialog: I've spoken to Ford ... And there's a
dialog: very strong chance he'll pardon you
dialog: ...
text: Haig hands him a letter of resignation.
dialog: INSERT: "I hereby resign the office of President of the
dialog: United States."
speaker_heading: HAIG (CONT'D)
dialog: This is something you will have to do,
dialog: Mr. President. I thought you would
dialog: rather do it now ... I'll wait
dialog: outside.
text: Haig drifts out as Kissinger comes out of the shadows.
text: Nixon looks down blankly at the sheet of paper in front of
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: May I say, sir, if you stay now it
dialog: will paralyze the nation and its
dialog: foreign policy ...
text: Nixon looks up at Kissinger. The Judas himself -- at least
text: one of them. There is irony here that is apparent to Nixon
dialog: but not to Kissinger.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes, you always had a good sense of
dialog: timing, Henry. When to give and when
dialog: to take.
dialog: How do you think Mao, Brezhnev will
dialog: react?
text: (sitting up, suddenly
dialog: intense)
dialog: Do you think this is how they'll
dialog: remember me, Henry, after all the
dialog: great things you and I did together?
dialog: As some kind of ... of ... crooks?
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: (prepared response)
dialog: They will understand, sir. To be
text: undone by a third-rate burglary is a
dialog: fate of biblical proportions. History
dialog: will treat you far more kindly than
dialog: your contemporaries.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: That depends who writes the history
dialog: books. I'm not a quitter ... but I'm
dialog: not stupid either ... A trial would
dialog: kill me -- that's what they want.
dialog: (with some satisfaction)
dialog: But they won't get it.
text: He signs the resignation paper. A pause. It lies there.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: (grandiosely)
dialog: If they harass you, I, too, will
dialog: resign. And I will tell the world
dialog: why.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Don't be stupid. The world needs you,
dialog: Henry; you always saw the big picture.
dialog: You were my equal in many ways.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You're the only friend I've got,
dialog: Henry.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: You have many friends ... and admirers
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Do you ever pray? You know ...
dialog: believe in a Supreme Being?
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Uh ... not really. You mean on my
dialog: knees?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Yes. My mother used to pray ... a
dialog: lot. It's been a long time since I
dialog: really prayed.
dialog: (a little lost)
dialog: Let's pray, Henry; let's pray a
dialog: little.
text: As Nixon gets down on his knees, Kissinger perspires
text: freely. He clumsily follows the President down to the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Uh, I hope this doesn't embarrass
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER
dialog: Not at all. This is not going to
dialog: leak, is it?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (looks at Henry)
dialog: Don't be too proud; never be too proud
dialog: to go on your knees before God.
text: He prays silently, then suddenly he sobs.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Dear God! Dear God, how can a country
dialog: come apart like this! What have I
dialog: done wrong ... ?
text: Kissinger is experiencing pure dread, his shirt soaked with
text: sweat. He opens his eyes and peeks at Nixon.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: ... I opened China. I made peace with
dialog: Russia. I ended the war. I tried to
dialog: do what's right! Why ... why do they
dialog: hate me so!
text: A silence. Nixon wraps his arms across his chest and rocks
text: back and forth in an upright fetal position. Kissinger,
text: looking very distressed, reaches over and touches the
text: President, trying awkwardly to console him.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
text: (woozily at his hands)
dialog: It's unbelievable, it's insane ...
dialog: On that note, we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE WHITE HOUSE - CORRIDORS & ENTRY - NIGHT (1974)
text: A solitary SENTINEL -- a Marine Guard -- stands at strict
text: attention, eyes forward, as we hear the VOICES of:
text: The THREE SILHOUETTES of NIXON, KISSINGER and HAIG walking
text: out. HIGH ANGLES allow us to hear their VOICES echoing off
text: the empty rooms, and sometimes catch a glimpse of a passing
dialog: face.
text: From the voice we can tell that Nixon has resumed his
text: customary bluffness, a sense of bravado in the face of
dialog: defeat.
speaker_heading: NIXON (O.S.)
dialog: ... they smelled the blood on me this
dialog: time, Al. I got soft. You know ...
dialog: that rusty, metallic smell ...
speaker_heading: HAIG (O.S.)
dialog: I know it well, sir.
speaker_heading: NIXON (O.S.)
dialog: It came over from Vietnam, you know.
speaker_heading: HAIG (O.S.)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: NIXON (O.S.)
dialog: That smell. I mean, everybody
dialog: suffered so much, their sons killed.
dialog: They need to sacrifice something,
dialog: y'know, appease the gods of war --
dialog: Mars, Jupiter. I am that blood,
dialog: General. I am that sacrifice, in the
dialog: highest place of all ... All leaders
dialog: must finally be sacrificed.
text: They turn a corner, come into more light.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Things won't be the same after this.
dialog: I played by the rules, but the rules
dialog: changed right in the middle of the
dialog: game ... There's no respect for
dialog: American institutions anymore. People
dialog: are cynical, the press -- God, the
dialog: press -- is out of control, people
dialog: spit on soldiers, government secrets
dialog: mean nothing ...
text: Nixon separates from Haig and Kissinger who bid him a last
dialog: "Mr. President."
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: (remote)
dialog: I pity the next guy who sits here ...
dialog: Goodnight, gentlemen ...
text: Haig and Kissinger depart.
text: Nixon shuffles back alone, coming to a stop in front of a
text: larger-than-life, full-length oil portrait of JOHN F.
text: KENNEDY. Nixon studies the portrait, pads closer. Looks
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: When they look at you, they see what
dialog: they want to be.
dialog: (then)
text: When they look at me, they see what
dialog: they are ...
text: PAT, overhearing, comes from the shadows in a nightgown.
text: She looks weary, crazed.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Dick, please don't ...
text: He half turns to her. He is unshaven, eyes red-rimmed, a
text: wounded animal who can no longer defend himself.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I can't ... I just don't have the
dialog: strength anymore ...
text: His voice trails off. For a moment, it looks like he's
text: going to collapse. Pat moves toward him to support him.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: It'll be over soon.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: No ... it's just going to start now
dialog: ...
dialog: (looks into her eyes)
dialog: If I could just ... If I could just
dialog: ... sleep.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: There'll be time for that.
text: He's barely aware of her.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Once ... when I was sick, as a boy ...
dialog: my mother gave me this stuff ... made
dialog: me swallow it ... it made me throw up.
dialog: All over her ... I wish I could do
dialog: that now ...
text: Pat puts her arm around him.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm afraid, Buddy ... There's darkness
dialog: out there.
text: Pat is crying now. She tries to soothe him, strokes his
text: brow like a sick child.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: I could always see where I was going.
text: But it's dark out there.
dialog: God, I've always been afraid of the
dialog: dark ... Buddy ...
text: Nixon breaks down. She slowly leads him up the grand
text: staircase -- into the shadows of history.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - EAST ROOM - DAY
text: The EPILOGUE and END CREDITS run over NIXON as he addresses
text: the assembled WHITE HOUSE STAFF. PAT and the FAMILY flank
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: ... I remember my old man, I think
dialog: they would've called him a little man,
dialog: a common man. He didn't consider
dialog: himself that way. He was a streetcar
dialog: motorman first, and then he was a
dialog: farmer, and then he had a lemon ranch.
dialog: It was the poorest lemon ranch in
dialog: California, I assure you. He sold it
dialog: before they found oil on it.
text: IMAGES of FRANK and HANNAH NIXON now arise in Nixon's
dialog: consciousness -- a past he would never really connect his
text: own life to. As if it were a storybook, a fabled America
dialog: that never was. The MUSIC should, in a sense, accentuate
dialog: this divorce of sentiment from reality.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: ... and then he was a grocer. But he
dialog: was a great man because he did his
dialog: job, and every job counts up to the
dialog: hilt, regardless of what happens ...
dialog: Nobody will ever write a book,
dialog: probably, about my mother. Well, I
dialog: guess all of you would say this about
dialog: your mother: my mother was a saint.
dialog: And I think of her, two boys dying of
dialog: tuberculosis and seeing each of them
dialog: die, and when they died ... Yes, she
dialog: will have no books written about her.
dialog: But she was a saint ... But now,
dialog: however, we look to the future.
text: Nixon is holding himself together by sheer force of will.
text: Many members of his STAFF are weeping. He pulls an old
text: well-leafed book open, puts a set of eyeglasses on to read
text: from it, the first time he's ever worn them in public.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: ... I remember something Theodore
dialog: Roosevelt wrote when his first wife
text: died. He was still a young man, in
dialog: his twenties, and this was in his
dialog: diary -- "T.R." -- ... "She was
text: beautiful in face and form and
dialog: lovelier still in spirit ...
dialog: When she had just become a mother,
dialog: when her life seemed to be just begun,
dialog: and when the years seemed so bright
text: before her, then by a strange and
dialog: terrible fate death came to her. And
dialog: when my heart's dearest died, the
dialog: light went from my life forever ..."
text: That was "T.R." in his twenties. He
dialog: thought the light had gone from his
dialog: life forever.
text: He puts down the book, nearly cracking.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: ... But of course he went on to become
dialog: President, sometimes right, sometimes
dialog: wrong, always in the arena, always
dialog: vital ... We sometimes think, when
dialog: things happen that don't go the right
dialog: way, we think that when someone dear
dialog: to us dies, when we lose an election,
dialog: when we suffer a defeat, that all is
dialog: ended ... but that's not true. It is
dialog: only a beginning, always; because the
dialog: greatness comes not when things always
dialog: go good for you, but the greatness
dialog: comes, and you're really tested, when
dialog: you take some knocks, some
dialog: disappointments, when sadness comes
dialog: ... Because only if you have been in
dialog: the deepest valley can you ever know
dialog: how magnificent it is to be on the
dialog: highest mountain ... To have served in
dialog: this office is to have felt a very
dialog: personal sense of kinship with each
dialog: and every American. In leaving it, I
dialog: do so with this prayer. May God's
dialog: grace be with you in all the days
dialog: ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WHITE HOUSE - DAY
text: A MARINE CORPS HELICOPTER waits at the end of a red carpet.
text: NIXON and PAT make their way towards it, followed by
speaker_heading: FAMILY.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.)
dialog: ... Remember: always give your best,
dialog: never get discouraged, never be petty.
dialog: Always remember: Others may hate you,
dialog: but those who hate you don't win
dialog: unless you hate them ... and then you
dialog: destroy yourself.
text: They climb the steps and Nixon turns on the top step and
text: smiles bravely. Then he waves good-bye.
speaker_heading: NIXON (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Only then will you find what we
dialog: Quakers call "peace at the center."
dialog: Au revoir -- we'll see you again!
text: He raises his arms in his characteristic twin-V salute.
dialog: And we:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
text: EPILOGUE runs over a DARK SCREEN
speaker_heading: EPILOGUE
dialog: Nixon always maintained that if he had
dialog: not been driven from office, the North
dialog: Vietnamese would not have overwhelmed
text: the South in 1975. In a sideshow,
dialog: Cambodian society was destroyed and
dialog: mass genocide resulted. In his
dialog: absence, Russia and the United States
dialog: returned to a decade of high-budget
dialog: military expansion and near-war.
dialog: Nixon, who was pardoned by President
dialog: Ford, lived to write six books and
dialog: travel the world as an elder
dialog: statesman. He was buried and honored
dialog: by five Presidents on April 26, 1994,
dialog: less than a year after Pat Nixon died.
text: We include a DOCUMENTARY CLIP of his FUNERAL, eulogized by
text: President CLINTON, the four other PRESIDENTS alongside him.
text: ROBERT DOLE eulogizes him as a "great American."
speaker_heading: EPILOGUE (CONT'D)
dialog: For the remainder of his life, Nixon
dialog: fought successfully to protect his
dialog: tapes. The National Archives spent
dialog: fourteen years indexing and
dialog: cataloguing them. Out of four
dialog: thousand hours, only sixty hours have
dialog: been made public.
text: We end on an IMAGE OF YORBA LINDA, CALIFORNIA ... turn of
dialog: the twentieth century where it began. We focus on the
dialog: faces of the early pioneers who settled the land -- we
text: drift over the faces of HANNAH and FRANK, in their stern
text: postures -- past the BROTHERS, including the two deceased
text: ones ... to little RICHARD, eyes all aglow with the hopes
dialog: of the new century.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
