text: 
dialog: i)
text: vane
text: 
speaker_heading: PROTOZOA PICTURES
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: by
dialog: Darren Aronofsky and Ari Handel
text: 
text: IN THE BEGINNING THERE WAS NOTHING.
text: JUST DARKNESS.
text: From black emerges THE APPLE: in perfect form, velvet
text: skin, bursting with juice, it hangs precariously from a
dialog: straining twig in
speaker_heading: EDEN
text: Invisible rings of pulsing energy emerge from the fruit,
text: tickling our eyes.
text: A woman’s hand reaches up and plucks the forbidden apple.
text: The twig recoils.
text: Behind us, out of sight, we hear CRUNCH.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: Return on a man’s hand. A fist grips a rock. His
text: fingertips pale from lack of blood.
text: The man descends on a second man. His brother. The rock
text: rises up.
text: CAIN strikes ABEL down.
text: The rock drops into the spreading puddle of blood.
text: Cain walks away into
speaker_heading: BLACKNESS
dialog: Now there is nothing again.
text: JUST DARKNESS.
text: We hear a woman CRY. A man CRIES too. Children crRY.
text: Men SHOUT. Women SCREAM. Children HOWL.
text: Men FIGHT. Women KILL. Children DIE.
text: Horse hooves POUND. Swords CLASH. Animals SQUEAL.
text: Warfare EVERYWHERE. Armies SMASH into each other.
text: The earth BURNS. Dissonance becomes deafening WHITE
text: NOISE. Piercing agony.
dialog: Suddenly, smash back to:
dialog: D
text: 
text: 
speaker_heading: SILENCE
dialog: Beat.
dialog: And these words emerge:
dialog: Genesis 6:5
dialog: The Creator saw that the wickedness of man was great on
dialog: the earth, and it grieved His heart. so the Creator
dialog: said, “I am sorry that I have made them. I will blot out
dialog: man whom I created from the face of the ground.”
text: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: ON NOAH
text: At 35, the world already weighs heavy on his shoulders.
text: Deep lines mark his brow.
text: On hands and knees he scrapes lichen and herbs from a
text: pock-marked rock. He collects them in a satchel on his
text: hip. He searches for more plants on a
speaker_heading: BARREN HILLSIDE
text: The earth is scorched and gray. All is dead except for
text: the few scraggly plants that fight to stand up straight.
text: The dust filled air diffuses the low-hanging red sun.
text: Then, near Noah, a single drop of rain slams into the
text: ground. Noah looks up at the dull sky. Not a cloud in
text: sight.
text: He watches the dry earth suck up the moisture. Soon only
text: the tiny crater where the drop hit is left.
text: A strange WIND whistles low across the ground.
text: An unintelligible WHISPER rides the air.
text: Noah looks around, confused.
text: His eldest son, SHEM, collects herbs up on top of a
text: nearby ridge. The clear-eyed 7 year-old seems not to
dialog: have heard anything.
text: Noah’s 5-year old middle son, HAM, plays with a flowering
text: weed. He too seems to have heard nothing.
text: 
dialog: i
text: 
dialog: No one else is around.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Shem?
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: What father?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Do you feel rain?
text: Shem looks up into the sky. He sees nothing.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: No father.
text: Noah shrugs. They both return to work.
text: Meanwhile, Ham plucks a white weed flower. He adds it to
text: a collection in his palm. He looks up mischievously.
text: As Noah works, Ham sneaks up and drops a flower into the
text: satchel. Noah doesn’t notice.
text: Ham drops another blossom in. Noah sees the weed flower
text: and tosses it out. He returns to work.
text: Ham drops another flower in. Noah catches him.
dialog: . NOAH
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Ham!
text: The boy freezes. His father’s word law. He drops the
text: flowers and tears up.
text: Noah’s heart melts. He descends on his son, loaded with
text: tickles. The boy’s tears turn into breathless giggles.
text: Noah smiles. He points to another patch of flowers,
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Pretty. Pick more for mother.
text: Ham waddles off. Noah watches him. His smile fading too
dialog: quickly.
text: Then, a second drop of rain hits near his feet. He looks
text: down. A thunderous rain instantly muddies the ground.
text: He looks up. The rain is gone. The dull sky clear. The
text: ground is perfectly dry as if nothing happened. For a
text: moment, strangely, the craters in the dust remain. And
text: then they are blown away.
text: It is the WIND again, stronger now, the WHISPER louder.
text: 
text: Noah spins, afraid. Nothing to see. He looks up at
text: Shem. His son noticed nothing. The boy stares off into
text: a neighboring valley.
text: Suspicious, Noah scans the horizon through squinted eyes.
speaker_heading: SHEM (0.S.)
dialog: Father!
text: Noah rushes to his frantically waving son.
text: Shem points down from
speaker_heading: THE RIDGE
text: into the valley. Before he sees it, Noah can hear it.
text: A TRIBE OF HUNTERS corners a large group of giant SINGLE-
text: HORNED BISON.
text: Thirty humans brutally hack the animals apart, fighting
text: to slice off the horns.
speaker_heading: NOAR
dialog: No.
dialog: (Furious)
dialog: wo!
dialog: (To Shem)
dialog: Mind your brother.
text: Shem takes hold of Ham. In the
speaker_heading: VALLEY
text: The poachers pay Noah no mind ag he runs into the
text: massacre pulling tightly-bound packets from his satchel.
text: He tosses them at the poachers. On impact the packets
text: explode. Thick smoke fills the air.
text: The enemy is confused. The smoke makes their bodies
text: break out in hives. They panic. Most flee.
text: A few pull weapons and attack Noah. A master of military
text: arts, Noah quickly disarms the enemy. He twists arms,
text: cracks wrists, snaps joints and carves through a half
dialog: dozen men without breaking a sweat.
text: A last fierce opponent connects weapon to Noah’s flesh.
text: Blood pours from his bicep. Noah doesn’t blink. He
text: crushes the bridge of the man’s nose with the heel of his
text: hand. The poacher collapses.
text: The remainder of the tribe quickly retreats into the
text: surrounding hills.
text: 
text: 
dialog: \
dialog: /
text: As the smoke clears, Noah whistles for his boys. They
text: stand up from hiding spots on the ridge and make their
text: way down the hill.
text: Noah dresses the wound on his arm. He looks down at the
dialog: bison. They are all dead.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: (on Noah’s arm)
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Fools. Such fools.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Why do they do it?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I do not know. One beast could feed
dialog: them all. But they hunt for the only
text: useless part of the body. The horn.
dialog: They think it has power. But it is
dialog: just like our hair, our nails - dead
dialog: flesh. They kill life for this dead
dialog: thing.
text: They hear a yelp. A lone JUVENILE BISON limps into sight.
text: Noah beckons for it with an outstretched hand.
text: The bison is unsure. Afraid it considers running.
text: Noah calmly looks into its eyes. It is drawn to him.
text: It limps forward harboring an injured foot. Noah picks
text: the tiny creature up, calming it instantly.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Can we help it?
text: Noah examines the foot and nods.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Come, let’s take her home.
text: Noah stands. He carries the creature up the hill.
text: Shem follows, leading his younger brother by hand.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE HOME CAMP
text: Five small domed huts huddle together around a cooking
text: fire. The sun sets over a distant dormant volcano.
text: 
text: NAAMEH, Noah’s wife, stands to greet her boys.
text: JAPHETH, the couple’s newborn, sleeps in her arms.
text: The young boys rush to kiss their mother and younger
text: brother. Noah hands the bison to Shem.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Be gentle.
text: Shem and Ham carefully carry the bison away.
text: Naameh sees Noah’s bandaged arm and weary brow. He looks
text: away, kisses Japheth on the head, then his wife’s lips.
text: She puts her questions on hold and kisses back.
text: cUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE INFIRMARY HUT
text: Ham pets the bison as Shem feeds it through a cloth nipple.
text: Noah prepares an herb salve by firelight. He dresses the
text: bison’s wound.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Will she get better?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: She will. Let her rest with the antelopes.
text: Shem and Ham carefully carry the creature out into
speaker_heading: THE PENS
text: A great many animals recover in the makeshift veterinary
text: hospital. Noah watches the boys set the bison under a
text: covered shelter.
dialog: cur TO:
text: NOAH AND NAAMEH’S HUT AT NIGHT
text: Naameh prepares their bed as Noah sits with his thoughts.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What is it? What happened?
speaker_heading: NCAH
dialog: They hunt now in father’s valley.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Then, we move again. Further.
text: 
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Is there anywhere left to disappear?
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: There’s always somewhere,
text: Noah doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: We will be all right. We will find
dialog: a place to raise our boys.
text: Noah doesn’t answer. Instead, he lays down for sleep.
text: The bloodshed of the day lingers on his mind until he
text: shuts his eyes and we fade to
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: A beat of just his breaths. Then, they too fade away.
text: The silence ends with the sound of a rain drop.
text: A single drop.
text: cur INTO:
speaker_heading: NOAH‘S DREAM
text: He stands in the middle of a vast
speaker_heading: DRIED-OUT SEABED
text: Noah stares at the outline of the raindrop in the parched
dialog: earth.
text: Now, it pours. A thunderous rain. Water gushes over and
text: off his nose, his chin.
text: Slowly, he looks up. This time he sees only water.
dialog: That is because he is
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: He opens his mouth. Bubbles rush out.
text: He panics. He starts to drown. Flailing he SCREAMS
text: AWAKE IN HIS HUT
text: Naameh grabs him. He takes a deep panicked breath.
text: 
text: 
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Noah?
text: He loosens her grip and pushes
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: He looks up into the night sky. Not a cloud in sight.
text: Just the Creator’s stars staring down in judgement.
text: FADE TO:
speaker_heading: HOME CAMP THAT MORNING
text: Naameh cooks for the boys. Noah sits on a boulder
text: outside the ring of tents staring at the horizon. She
text: watches him with concern.
text: LATER:
text: EDGE OF CAMP
text: Naameh sits on the boulder next to her husband. He
text: stares out at the world.
speaker_heading: NAAMER
dialog: The dream?
text: Noah nods. Naameh looks into his eyes. She sees
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
text: A vision.
text: She considers this for awhile.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Then, the Creator speaks to you. Like He
dialog: did to your great-grandfather, no? What
dialog: did He show you?
text: Noah looks at his wife. He can’t say.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: You’ve been chosen to hear Him.
dialog: What did He say?
text: He tears up. His voice chokes.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: He’‘s going to destroy the world,
text: Sadness and shock fill her heart.
dialog: 4g
dialog: Use!
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I don’t...
text: Noah looks out, unsure. He closes his eyes and takes a
text: stilted breath through clenched teeth,
text: He opens his eyes into a
speaker_heading: VISION
text: He and Naameh sit on the same boulder. But the earth
text: around them is no longer scorched and dead.
dialog: It is a thousand years ago, maybe ten thousand years ago.
dialog: It might be the day after creation for the unspoiled
dialog: earth looks like what Eden must have.
dialog: Clear streams filled with healthy fish and ancient
text: forests filled with creatures that crawl and fly.
text: Noah takes a deep breath. The cool moist air fills his
text: lungs with life. But then, in a moment, it is all gone.
dialog: Noah returns to
speaker_heading: NOW
text: The contrast is like a punch to the stomach. The air
text: lurches out of his lungs.
text: In front of him are the remnants of a tree that moments
text: before was alive. The tree stump stands before him. He
text: touches the rings of the tree. He knows the answer now.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Because it is dying already. At our
dialog: hand, all He created is dying.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What shall he have us do?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: He must be giving us a chance.
dialog: That is why He speaks.
dialog: ‘(ponders )
dialog: If we change. If we work to save
dialog: it, perhaps he will too.
text: cuUT TO:
text: 
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: HOME CAMP
text: Noah chops and mixes herbs and plants. Shem watches and
text: helps him move them into a large basket.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE FIRE PIT
text: On a nearby ridge, Noah sets the basket next to a raging
text: fire. On the horizon, a tall pillar of rock called THE
text: POINT sticks up from the desert floor.
text: He nods to his son. Shem dumps the contents of the
text: basket into the fire.
text: The mixture lights up and burns brilliantly.
text: A thin pillar of red smoke shoots out of the fire and
text: spreads out high in the sky. Soon, a red cloud hangs
dialog: over the Earth.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Now they will come.
text: Shem’s smile disappears.
text: AT THE:
speaker_heading: HOME CAMP
text: Ham spots the pillar of red smoke.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Look mother!
text: Naameh takes Ham and hugs him tightly.
text: FADE TO:
speaker_heading: ANIMAL INFIRMARY
text: Noah removes the bandage from the young bison’s hoof.
text: The wound is healed. Noah helps the young creature to
text: its feet. She tenderly tests the leg. She gets
text: comfortable and limps off joining the other antelopes.
text: Noah’s smile breaks when he hears Shem.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Father! Father!
speaker_heading: J
text: 
dialog: 11.
text: Shem points. A plume of dust rises in the distance.
text: curt TO:
speaker_heading: HOME CAMP
text: Noah emerges from his hut wearing his priestly robes.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Is it safe?
text: Noah looks at her but does not answer. She sees he must
dialog: do this.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Be careful.
text: Husband and wife kiss.
text: FADE TO:
speaker_heading: THE POINT
text: A mesa rises up thin and straight from the ground like a
text: giant column.
text: The red cloud floats high above it.
text: Noah stands at the base of the hand-hewn stairs that
text: spiral up to the mount. He starts to climb.
text: FROM:
speaker_heading: THE MOUNT
text: The dust plume is close. Through a scope, Noah spots
text: riders carrying regal banners of royalty.
speaker_heading: THE BASE
text: Fifty men ride giant mutated HORSE-BEASTS. The creatures
dialog: resemble horses but have predator jaws and long nailed
text: paws.
text: The ROYAL GUARD parts to reveal their leader, AKKAD. The
text: gruff hulking man motions for them to stay as he takes
text: the stairs alone.
text: BACK ON:
text: 
speaker_heading: THE MOUNT
text: Noah waits. He sits on a small stool on a worn rug.
text: Behind him is an ancient prayer hut.
text: Sweating but not winded, Akkad arrives.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: I am Akkad. I speak for all men
dialog: from sea to sea.
dialog: (points all directions)
dialog: And from sea to sea. Who is it that
dialog: calls me with the sign of our fathers?
text: Noah stands.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Noah, son of Lamech, son of
dialog: Methusaleh, son of Enoch before him.
dialog: I call you as is my right as heir to
dialog: the line of Adam.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Methusaleh, Enoch. I know these
dialog: names. But not yours, Noah.
text: Noah nods back towards his home below the volcano.
text: follows his gaze.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: My family has chosen to live alone, in
dialog: private, studying the world, healing
dialog: it as best we can. But now the
dialog: Creator calls upon me to speak. Look!
text: Noah motions over the ravaged landscape.
speaker_heading: NOAH
text: The world squirms beneath our foot, a
text: poisoned husk. The Creator sees this,
dialog: He mourns it, and will tolerate it no
dialog: longer. He would annihilate all in an
dialog: instant rather than watch this
dialog: ereeping rot.
text: Akkad stares at Noah.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Strong words. And what would you have
dialog: me do?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: We must change. We must treat the
dialog: world with mercy so that the Creator
dialog: will show us mercy.
dialog: )
text: 
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Mercy? How do you mean?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: We must respect the ground. Respect
dialog: the rivers and seas. Respect the
dialog: other beasts of the Earth. Stop the
text: slaughter, the rape, the carnage.
text: Akkad starts to snicker. The snicker becomes an outright
text: laugh.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: You laugh at me?
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: At your Creator. He gives us a land
dialog: filled with death. Where it is
dialog: impossible to find game to hunt. Where
dialog: the ground no longer produces life and
dialog: food. My people go hungry, die by
dialog: sword and sickness, and you would have
dialog: me pull the very meat out of their
dialog: mouths? If this Creator wants our
dialog: fealty let him fill our bellies first.
text: Akkad moves towards the stairs. Noah grabs him.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Wait! You must listen...
text: Akkad turns and WHACKS Noah across the face with his axe
text: handle.
text: SMASH TO:
text: BLACK FOR A MOMENT.
text: Slowly, Noah wakes with blood on his lip. He moves to
text: the edge of the mount.
text: Akkad and his men are long gone. But then, he spots black
text: smoke rise over the volcano. The volcano near his home.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: No.
text: He rushes down the stairs.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: HOME CAMP
text: The huts burn. The fields have been trampled. The
text: animals massacred.
dialog: om
text: 
dialog: 14.
text: Akkad and his royal guard are just charging off. They
dialog: carry whatever spoils they have found.
text: Before they are gone, Akkad looks back at Noah and smiles
text: a gentle satisfied grin from the crest of a distant
text: ridge. And then he is gone.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Noah!
text: Naameh leads the 3 boys out from a hiding hole in the ground.
text: They are unharmed. Noah rushes over and hugs them.
text: At their feet lies the carcass of the young bison they
text: just healed. Its baby horn sliced off. Blood leaks from
text: the open hole.
text: FADE TO:
text: REMAINS OF THE CAMP
text: The heart of night. Noah has managed to build a fire to
text: keep warm. Naameh holds on to him. The kids sleep
text: nearby. He stokes the fire with a stick.
text: FADE TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: A long beat of silence.
text: A rain drop, a single drop crashes against the ground.
text: CUT IN:
text: NOAH’S DREAM -
text: Noah stands in the middle of a vast
speaker_heading: DRIED-OUT SEABED
text: He stares at the outline of the raindrop in the parched earth.
text: He looks around. The horizon stretches forever. In one
dialog: direction, and only one direction there is a lone
text: mountain shooting out of the earth.
dialog: Noah knows this mountain. It is from his childhood.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Grandfather.
dialog: Sia
dialog: 15.
text: He steps towards it. Just then, it starts to pour.
text: A thunderous rain. Water gushes over and off his nose,
text: his chin.
dialog: Now he is
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: A corpse floats by. Noah’s eyes go wide. Suddenly, he
text: is looking down on all of humanity.
dialog: Millions upon millions of dead. And only he is alive.
text: Bubbles rush out of his mouth.
text: He panics. He flails. He screams
speaker_heading: AWAKE
dialog: Back at his
speaker_heading: HOME
text: Naameh hugs him. His breaths short.
text: He looks up at the nighttime sky. The stars stare down.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: He doesn’t wish them to listen.
dialog: They are meant to die.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: All of them?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Punishment. For what they’ve
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: And what of us?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: We are to go to Ararat.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: To grandfather?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Yes. We must go.
speaker_heading: NAAMER
dialog: When?
text: Noah looks up. The morning wears upon the edge of night.
dialog: 16.
dialog: a) NOAH
dialog: a Now.
text: cUT TOs:
speaker_heading: DESOLATE WASTELAND
text: A mean wind descends upon Noah and his family.
dialog: Noah carries Ham on his back. Naameh has Japheth
text: strapped to her chest. Shem follows.
text: Everything is dead and sullen around them.
text: FADE TO:
speaker_heading: BARE RISE
text: The wind has died down. Shem leads the family up a hill,
text: playing a tune on his flute.
text: On the horizon is the mountain from Noah’s dream.
text: 
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Is that it?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Mt. Ararat.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: You think he lives still?
text: At the hill’s crest Shem stops playing. He stares off at a
speaker_heading: BURNING VILLAGE
text: Homes and fields drenched in flames.
speaker_heading: NAAMEB
dialog: Let us go around.
text: Noah heads into the settlement.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: No, let the children see. This is
dialog: what we have become.
dialog: } The family follows him into
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: THE CENTRAL PLAZA
text: 
dialog: All the inhabitants of the village are here. They have
text: been slaughtered and piled in heaps.
text: Nothing moves. Only a lone RAVEN hops from corpse to
text: corpse. The boys looks at the horror.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: It’s enough.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (agrees)
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: SEM (0.S.)
dialog: Mother!
text: Noah and Naameh turn. Shem holds the hand of a young
dialog: girl, maybe six.
text: They rush back to have a look.
text: The girl moans in and out of consciousness.
text: Noah looks: she has a severe belly wound. He pulls
text: ed herbs and bandages from his pack and starts to treat her.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Your name, you have a name.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GIRL
dialog: Ila.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Ila. You are going to be all
dialog: right, Ila. Shem is going to hold
dialog: your hand and he won’t let go.
text: She looks gratefully up at Shem as he squeezes her hand.
text: Something startles the Raven. It flies off. A distant
text: rumble. Noah hands the bandages to Naameh and hurries up a
speaker_heading: SMALL HILL
text: He sees a warring ARMY approaching. Noah rushes back and
text: scoops the girl up.
speaker_heading: J 3 NOAH
dialog: BF Come we must move.
text: Just as they leave the village the army pours in. The
text: family moves out into the bush towards Mt. Ararat.
text: 
dialog: 18.
text: Noah holds the girl tight. He looks up when he notices
dialog: that his family has stopped.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: What?
text: Naameh and the boys stare up at a giant skull. It would
text: lock human if it weren’t the size of a beach ball. It
text: rests neatly on a post.
text: In both directions giant skulls placed on posts sit every
text: thirty feet. Less a barrier than a warning.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What are they?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Watchers.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: They exist?
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Like the stories?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: This must be where the last survivors
dialog: were banished.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Do they still live?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I do not know. They would be ancient
dialog: if they did. But if they do, they have
dialog: no love for man.
text: Behind them, the approaching army spots them. They hear
text: eries. Men mount beasts and start to come after them.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: They’ve seen us.
text: Noah looks up at grandfather’s mountain. Looming so
text: near. Yet the skulls before him are intimidating.
text: Noah looks at Ila, feverish, in his arms.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Come. Follow me.
text: Noah guides his family between two large skulls into the
text: 
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: INTERZONE
text: The mounted soldiers arrive moments later. But they stop
dialog: at the skulls.
text: They call for Noah to come back. They warn the family of
dialog: doom. But Noah pays them no mind.
text: A hundred yards later they come to a second barrier, this
text: one is made of human skulls and faces into Watcher lands.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Warning for them as well.
text: Ham starts to cry. Naameh scoops him up. They pass the
dialog: barrier and enter
text: WATCHERS’ LAND
text: Grandfather’s mountain beckons them.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: And this quote:
speaker_heading: GENESIS 6:4
dialog: Giants walked the Earth in those days, and later too.
dialog: These were mighty men of ancient times, the men of
dialog: renown.
dialog: Return to a
text: DESOLATE GORGE ON WATCHERS’ LAND
text: The family moves silently and quickly. Mating beetles
text: fill the air with a piercing whistle. Large fissures in
text: the ground reach down to underground caverns. Huge
text: remnants of what must have been massive buildings jut
text: diagonally out of the ground.
text: Suddenly, the beetles go quiet.
text: Noah stops. Gently, he places Ila on the ground as he
text: unfastens his blade.
text: Then, he is cast in shadow. Noah spins.
text: Blocking the sun, towering over him stands 0G, a WATCHER.
dialog: \
text: 
dialog: 20.
text: 18 feet tall, ageless, sexless and covered with a light
text: dusting of fur. Breathing heavily the angry beast has
dialog: six fully functional arms.
text: Ham and Shem wail. WNaamek hugs them.
text: The ground shakes. Ten, then twenty, then thirty more
text: Watchers climb out of the cracks in the ground.
text: Og reaches for the family. Noah grabs his magic packets
text: and tosses them at 0g’s feet. But Og rips his own
text: packets from his belt. He throws them at Noah’s. They
text: collide and are defused.
text: Noah is stunned. Og nods to his fellow Watchers.
text: Three of them with sticks and collars step forward and
text: quickly pin Noah to the ground.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: WATCHER’S ROOST
text: Noah’s hands are cuffed behind his back. His family is
text: bound next to him.
text: SAMYAZA, the scarred and grizzled leader of the Watchers
text: stares down at Noah from a giant throne of human bones.
text: He looks at Og and speaks the language of the ancients.
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: (in Ancient; with subtitles)
dialog: Spies. Take them to the Hollow and let
dialog: them rot.
text: Og starts to act but Noah speaks.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (in Ancient; with subtitles)
dialog: We are not spies.
text: The Watchers are stunned by Noah’s linguistics.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: We only wish to pass through your Land.
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: You speak our tongue?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: My grandfather taught me. He
dialog: lives on Ararat. We cross your
dialog: lands to reach him.
text: Og’s eyes light up.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: A He is a child of the old one!
text: Samyaza rises up, Og cowers.
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: Quiet. Don’t be a fool. This is
dialog: aman. Men cheat. They steal.
dialog: They kill.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: But Samyaza, he travels with
dialog: children. An injured child.
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: A trick. Remember. In years
dialog: past, they have used even their
dialog: babies to enslave us. Men can
dialog: never be trusted.
text: He leans in and glares at the children. They shrink in
dialog: terror.
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: They are all traitors. They
dialog: betrayed us after they betrayed
dialog: the Creator.
text: 
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: It is He who sent me.
text: The Watchers gasp as one. Samyaza explodes in fury.
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: You lie. I sat next to the Creator
dialog: as he formed the first man. Would
dialog: he speak to you, a man, before he
dialog: speaks with me? No, this is a
dialog: trick. Take them, let them rot
dialog: alone under the sun.
text: The Watchers descend upon the family. As they are
text: dragged away, Og looks deep into Noah’s eyes.
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: (calmer, to Og)
dialog: The Creator does not speak
dialog: anymore, Og, to anyone. You know
dialog: that. He has left us alone, here,
dialog: forever.
text: j Samyaza sinks into a glum silence. And og ponders.
dialog: cur To:
text: 
dialog: 22.
text: THE HOLLOW AT DUSK
text: The family is stuck in a pit. The last rays of the
text: ruthless sun abandon the sweating family as well. Noah
text: searches for escape but the walls are steep.
text: FADE TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Noah paces unsure what to do. His children sleep in
text: their mother’s arms. Somewhere, far away, Noah can hear
text: the Watchers arguing. He listens but cannot make out
dialog: their words.
text: Ila, the young girl moans. Shem holds her hand.
text: Noah carefully looks at her wound. She has a severe cut
text: on her stomach. He cleans it. The pain wakes the little
text: girl, who breathes in sharply.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Shh. You will be all right. I
dialog: will make sure of it.
text: She believes his voice and stares up into his eyes. They
text: connect for a moment. He dresses the wound with fresh
text: bandages, but the contact of the new cloth makes her cry.
text: So Noah starts to hum an ancient tune. A lullaby. He
text: lifts the girl up and rocks her back and forth, back and
dialog: forth. And now he sings.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Sleep my child.
dialog: Surrender
dialog: to the wild.
dialog: Find your breath.
dialog: Find your peace.
dialog: Sleep my child.
dialog: Surrender to the wild.
dialog: Find your breath.
dialog: Find your peace...
text: The girl dozes off. Noah lays her down next to Shem.
text: Naameh places a hand on her husband’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: NAAMER
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Her womanhood is gone.
dialog: She shall never bear children.
dialog: ed
text: 
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: But will she survive?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: If any of us do.
text: They hear a sound.
text: Noah looks up. A Watcher descends down on the wall. His
text: six arms makes it look easy.
text: He drops silently into the pit. It is 0g. Noah pushes
text: Naameh behind him. The giant’s teeth glisten in the
text: moonlight.
text: Man and Watcher stare each other down.
text: Og reaches out a hand. Noah hesitates. og nods.
text: Noah reaches out.
text: CUT To:
text: WATCHERS’ LAND
text: Moving quickly towards Mt. Ararat in the north, og leads
text: the family through the dark night.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Why help us?
text: Noah translates. Og considers before answering.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: The Creator formed us on the second
dialog: day, the day He made the heavens. We
dialog: stood by His side and watched all
dialog: Creation flower. To us, everything
dialog: He made was beautiful, but man was
dialog: the most beautiful of all.
text: Og wallows in his nostalgia. Noah translates to the family.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: We watched over Adam and Eve. Saw
dialog: their frailty and their love. And then
dialog: we saw their fall. We saw the Creator
dialog: expel them from His Garden. We pitied
dialog: them. One mistake, one forbidden bite
dialog: and they were sent out to scrape a hard
dialog: existence from the dry soil.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Samyaza was the greatest of us then. He
dialog: loved men most of all and decided we
dialog: should leave the Creator’s side and come
dialog: down to help man.
text: 
text: 
dialog: 24,
dialog: As Og speaks we glimpse
text: THE DAWN OF HUMANITY
text: All white winged Watchers descend through clouds. They
dialog: glide to Earth.
text: They pick up speed, faster and faster. Their wings start
text: to tear apart. They ignite. 0g, Samyaza, and all the
text: Watchers plummet as they burn.
text: From the ground, humans watch comets shoot out of the sky.
text: The Watchers smash into Earth.
text: Without wings, slowly they stand in blackened craters.
text: Their pure white color now the familiar gray.
dialog: Humans arrive to stare at these “gods.” Back to now, in
text: WATCHERS’ LAND
text: Og leads as he tells his story.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: We taught man all we knew. Magic and
dialog: Science. Knowledge of plants, stars,
dialog: metals, and fire. Of all things that
dialog: would help them live upon the land. But
dialog: they surprised us.
dialog: Return to
text: THE DAWN OF HUMANITY
dialog: Men turn knowledge into tools.
text: The tools soon become weapons.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: They turned our gifts to war. Turned
dialog: them first against the ground, water, air
dialog: and beasts. And then back upon us.
text: Men attack the Watchers. 0g, Samyaza, and others fight
dialog: back but there are too many of them.
dialog: oc
dialog: We were hunted. Many of us enslaved.
dialog: We were forced to fight back to
dialog: survive. To hide in this forsaken
dialog: land.
dialog: Back in
dialog: 25.
text: WATCHERS’ LAND
text: Dawn approaches. The outline of Mt. Ararat before them.
dialog: os
dialog: We asked The Creator to take us home.
dialog: But He was silent. He has turned his
dialog: back on us. All these years we have
dialog: lived here forsaken and alone. And now
dialog: you say you have heard the Creator.
dialog: Samyaza cannot believe this, he is too
dialog: angry and bitter. But I look at you
dialog: and I see the same awe I saw in Adam’s
dialog: eyes. The Creator speaks with you. I
dialog: do not know why. But I believe it.
dialog: And I will help you.
text: They arrive at the far end of the Watcher’s lands. on
text: this side too is the barrier of human skulls.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: Perhaps the Creator will open his
dialog: heart to me again?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I do not know. I hope so. But I
dialog: will accept your help. Join us?
text: Noah walks north through the barrier of skulls. He
text: stops. Og looks over his shoulder, unsure. He takes a
text: breath and follows.
text: Naameh sets Ham down. He whines until Og scoops him up.
text: Ham panics for a moment but Og moves him from arm to arm.
text: The boy loves it and starts to laugh.
text: The family laughs as well.
dialog: curt To:
text: BASE OF MT. ARARAT
text: Noah pitches the huts while Naameh cares for Ila. With
text: one hand Og scoops out the dirt for a fire pit.
text: Noah grabs some warm clothes. Turns to his boys.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I will be back by morning.
text: He heads up the mountain. Froma
text: 
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAIN REST POINT
text: Noah looks down on his camp. Naameh has started a fire.
dialog: She’s probably cooking.
text: He looks off to the horizon. Nothing but empty parched
text: sad earth. He looks up the mountain behind him.
text: Still a ways to go. He continues
text: UP TO:
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE METHUSALEH’S CAVE
text: Noah reaches a modest opening in the mountain.
text: He takes a moment to catch his breath and contemplate the
text: late sun.
text: He removes his shoes and places them near the entrance of
text: the cave. Then, he heads
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: It is dark.
text: Noah advances. Soon the light from outside disappears.
text: Until everything is pitch black. Just footsteps.
text: Up ahead a single candle flame glows.
text: As Noah approaches it grows brighter. The sides of the
dialog: cave are revealed,
text: Noah sits down and breathes.
text: On the far side of the flame sits his grandfather
text: METHUSALEH. Praying.
dialog: The oldest man alive, he walked the earth when Adam still
text: lived. His uncut 900 year old hair attests to this.
text: Two cups of steaming tea sit between them. Noah waits
dialog: for his grandfather to acknowledge him.
dialog: A long beat.
text: The old man slowly raises his chin. Then, his eyes creep
text: open. They sparkle with youthful immortality.
text: The old man smiles oh so very slightly.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: Grandson.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Grandfather.
text: Methusaleh motions to the tea. Noah drinks.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: What did He show you?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Water. Flood.
text: Methusaleh lets out a sad sigh.
speaker_heading: NOAE
dialog: I tried to warn them. But their
dialog: leader...
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: No need. He has judged man.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Yes! But us? Why does he call me?
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: I do not know.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: But I saw Ararat. He sent me
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: I have only this. It is from my
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Enoch.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: The day he went to walk with the
dialog: Creator he gave it to me and said
dialog: one day it was to come to you.
text: He hands Noah a cloth wrapped package. Inside is a
text: ancient wrinkled seed.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: A seed? What is it for?
text: But grandfather does not answer. He closes his eyes.
text: Slowly he lowers his chin.
dialog: NoaH
dialog: Grandfather?
dialog: {
dialog: we
text: 
dialog: 28.
text: But there is no answer. Noah looks at the seed in his
text: palm.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MOUNTAIN BASE CAMP
text: Noah sits at the camp’s fire. He churns the red hot
dialog: coals with a stick.
dialog: Og and the children sleep.
text: Naameh holds onto Noah.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Nothing. He knew nothing.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What are we to do?
text: Noah doesn’t have an answer.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: IN THE DARKNESS
text: The sound of a drop of rain. Then more.
dialog: A storm. Now
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: Noah is calm. He is alone. He looks around. Nothing
dialog: but water.
text: Suddenly there are animals everywhere around him.
text: They are underwater and they are drowning.
text: He looks up.
text: Up above is the surface to the ocean of water he is now
text: beneath.
text: He starts to swim. He swims for the surface.
text: And then he sees it.
text: A rectangle of darkness floats on the surface. It isa
text: ship. His eyes burst open
speaker_heading: AWAKE
dialog: He rushes
dialog: 30,
speaker_heading: GENESIS 6:13
dialog: And the Creator said unto Noah, “I have determined to
dialog: make an end of all flesh; for the Earth is filled with
dialog: violence through man; behold I will destroy them with the
dialog: Earth. Make yourself an Ark.”
dialog: When the words disappear we
text: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: MAIN HUT
text: Everyone sleeps. Noah hears a noise. He wakes.
text: He looks around. No one stirs. Shem holds the young
text: girl‘s hand, asleep.
text: The noise is coming from beyond the tent. Noah rushes
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: He spots Og being dragged away.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Stop.
text: A mob of Watchers turn to face Noah. Samyaza spins
text: around.
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: This is not your business man.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: There is work to be done. Help us.
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: Help you!? Your kind turned our charity
dialog: into our torture. You wish to wipe us
dialog: clean from this world. You anger me man,
dialog: and now I will show you fury.
text: Samyaza rises up. His chest surges. His eyes narrow.
text: Noah is terrified.
dialog: 0G
dialog: Not
dialog: bat
dialog: 31.
text: Og leaps upon Samyaza. They wrestle. The other Watchers
text: pull Og away. Samyaza unleashes his sword. He raises
text: it, ready to kill. But suddenly, he stops.
text: He hears something -- BUBBLING WATER. They look over to
text: the sound.
dialog: In the same spot where Noah planted Methusaleh’s seed
text: they watch water push out of the dry earth.
text: A gentle fountain gurgling water.
text: Noah approaches the fountain. He bends down and tastes
text: the water.
dialog: Nothing remarkable. Just clean crisp water.
text: Then, the earth begins to rumble. An earthquake? He
text: backs away unsure what it is. The Watchers look around
text: concerned. The rumbling grows louder.
text: Noah spots a plant push out of the ground thirty feet
text: away. The plant quickly grows into a mature fully grown
dialog: tree.
text: And now, next to it, another tree forms. The rumbling
text: grows, something moving underground in all directions.
text: Naameh rushes out followed quickly by the terrified boys.
text: Og picks them up protectively.
text: More trees burst from the earth. A spiral of growing
dialog: forest circles Noah, his family and the Watchers.
dialog: We rise high above this miracle and witness a hundred
text: acres of fresh woods emerge.
text: The Watchers are stunned. Shem takes his father’s hand.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: A Miracle, son. A miracle to
dialog: start us on our way. My axe, now.
dialog: Go fetch it.
text: Shem runs to get it.
text: Og looks to his fellow Watchers.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: See! This man does not lie.
dialog: We need to help?
text: Unsure, the Watchers turn to Samyaza. The ancient giant
text: limps over and touches a tree.
text: 
dialog: 32.
text: Samyaza locks up at Og. There are tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: This is the Creator’s work. The
dialog: Creator is here. I see that. We
dialog: will help this man, Noah. Maybe
dialog: the Creator will forgive and take
dialog: us home.
text: Shem hands the axe to his father.
text: Noah walks to the first tree. He runs his hand over the
text: bark. Takes a silent moment of prayer.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Thank you.
text: He takes a deep breath. Then swings the axe. It lands
text: with a loud THWACK.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Look!
text: Noah follows Shem’s eyes. Earth around the pool of water
text: formed by the new fountain cracks apart. Water pushes
text: into the cracks forming rivulets.
text: Noah whacks the tree again. The rivulets get longer,
text: radiating out from the burbling fountain.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What are they for?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I don’t know! More miracles.
dialog: Unless... Yes!
text: He starts to laugh and then to chop harder. He whacks
text: again and again. The rivulets shoot past the family.
text: The Watchers start to help. Og grabs a high branch and
text: starts to pull. Samyaza does the same. :
text: We drift higher and higher over the forest.
text: CUT TO:
text: DEEPER IN THE FOREST
text: We can still hear Noah’s chopping. With each chop the
text: water tendrils stretch further and further away along the
text: forest floor.
dialog: cur TO:
text: 
dialog: 33.
text: THE EDGE OF THE FOREST
text: We no longer hear Noah’s chopping but we sense the rhythm
text: as the rivulets stretch out of the forest. They reach
text: out across the cracked dry soil to the ends of the earth.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: A DEAD SEA
text: As seasons change, a single rivulet whips across a dried
text: up ocean bed. It passes a rotting wooden ship grounded
dialog: centuries ago.
text: The rivulet splits in two and then branches off again in
text: every direction. They stretch out like nerve endings.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: ROCKY LANDSCAPE
dialog: Fall to winter to spring to summer all in a flash. But
text: still, the water works it’s way up a steep hill defying
dialog: . gravity.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: IN THE DARKNESS
dialog: These words burn:
speaker_heading: GENESIS 6:19
dialog: “And of every living thing of all flesh, you shall bring
dialog: two of every sort into the Ark, to keep them alive with
dialog: you; they shall be male and female. Of the birds
dialog: according to their kinds, and of the animals according to
dialog: theix kinds, of every creeping thing of the ground
dialog: according to its kind, two of every sort shall come in to
dialog: you, to keep them alive.”
text: RETURN TO:
speaker_heading: A DUSTY FIELD
text: A skinny, mangy, dirty FEMALE DOVE pecks at the ground,
text: searching helplessly for something to eat.
dialog: oe
dialog: 34.
text: The rivulet rushes by tossing the Dove into the air.
text: Confused, the Dove circles trying to get its bearings.
text: It lands next to the rivulet.
text: The Dove examines the water. Pecks at it. Then, takes a
dialog: long drink.
text: The bird looks towards the rivulet’s source. It blinks.
text: Then it leaps into the air and soars, following the
dialog: water.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: OVER A BARREN LANDSCAPE
text: Nighttime, the Dove continues to fly. Down below two
text: rivulets reunite into a single one.
text: Various animals of all shapes and sizes follow the water.
dialog: A great migration. The greatest migration ever.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: DESOLATE LANDSCAPE
text: The Dove flies on, the dying world passes beneath her.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: THE EDGE OF THE FOREST
text: As the sun rises the Dove can just make out the forest.
text: The Dove rises up high into the blue sky and we reveal
speaker_heading: THE ARK
text: A massive wooden rectangle 450 feet long, 75 feet wide,
text: 45 feet tall, the Ark is 80% completed.
text: The fountain at the center of the forest still bubbles up
text: from the earth, but now a shallow pond has formed lapping
text: against the great ship’s side.
text: A small army of Watchers work on the ship. Some log,
dialog: some perform carpentry, others seal it with tar.
text: Noah is in the center of it all. Ten years have passed
text: and the foreman is starting to gray.
text: 
text: 
dialog: 35.
text: The Dove lands at his feet. He reaches out a hand.
text: JAPHETH, aged 10 now, runs right at the bird. The bird
text: flutters away.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Gentle!
text: Noah watches the bird circle the Ark. And for the first
text: time he sees a cloud in the otherwise clear sky.
text: It seems to be moving towards them.
dialog: cur To:
text: DEEP IN THE FOREST
text: Moving quickly now with a YOUNG WOMAN, no more than 17,
text: full of life, beauty and innocence. Rushing past trees,
text: ducking under branches until exhausted she trips.
text: A moment later a YOUNG MAN descends upon her. A
text: lumberjack’s shoulders, carpenter’s hands, poet’s eyes.
text: She yelps as they wrestle on the forest floor, but not
text: from terror.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: No, please, no.
text: He bites her neck. She giggles. He kisses her lips.
text: She kisses back.
text: The kisses start to roam. She kisses his ears. His
text: neck. He kisses her throat. The dimple above her
text: collarbone. The space between her breasts.
text: His hands and lips glide lower. He removes her shirt.
text: She resists. But he insists. He kisses her belly.
text: A thick scar lies across it. We recognize this scar.
text: The woman is Ila, the young girl Noah saved years ago.
text: That makes the young man Shem. He kisses the scar
text: tenderly. His hands caress it and pass lower.
text: Ila trembles and then she winces.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Shem, wait.
text: “shem presses his luck.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: I am waiting.
text: 
text: 
dialog: 36.
text: Ila winces again. She grabs his head and pulls him up to
text: her. She kisses him strongly and between kisses:
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Please. I want to. Edo. But I
dialog: can’t. You know.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: It still hurts?
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: Father says it always will.
text: Shem lowers his hand, frustrated. A branch cracks. They
text: both look. Shem scurries quickly to investigate.
text: Through the bush he spots HAM, now 15 and very curious,
text: watching them. Ham sees Shem, blushes and runs away.
text: Shem frowns, then turns back to his love. But she is
text: staring up at the sky.
text: He follows her eyes up.
text: A stream of birds crosses the sky. The stream soon turns
text: into a river. The river a moving sea. The forest
text: darkens as the countless wings blot out the sun.
text: The lovers grab hands and rush towards
speaker_heading: THE ARK
text: Noah hears the calls first. Then he sees the BIRDS
text: converge from every direction. He stares up at the great
text: circling diving mass, cackling and cawing their songs.
text: The family circles around Noah as some of the birds touch
text: down before him.
text: He spots a Raven. Next to it is a second Raven. Male
dialog: and female.
text: He stretches out his right hand, the Raven leaps onto it.
text: He reaches out his left hand. The other Raven leaps up.
text: He looks at both birds. The birds look at him. He
text: brings his hands together. Their beaks touch. He lowers
text: his hands and the Ravens fly off into the Ark.
text: Noah spots another pair of birds. He places out two
text: hands. They leap up, touch beaks and fly into the Ark.
text: Noah smiles. Pair by pair he starts loading the ship.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: A miracle.
text: 
dialog: 37.
text: The boys smile with glee. Ham and Japheth rush after a
dialog: pair of birds into
speaker_heading: THE ARK
text: They follow the birds as they soar through the empty
text: ship. They land and perch next to the previous pair of
text: birds. Two more birds arrive, then two more.
text: FADE TO:
text: OUTSIDE THE ARK
text: The sun has set. Up on the Ark, Shem oversees his
text: Watcher shipbuilders. He wipes his sweaty brow and peers
text: down on his father.
text: Noah continues to load the boat. The line of birds looks
dialog: like it will never end.
text: FADE TO:
text: LATER AT DAWN
text: The morning sun wakes Naameh who sleeps by the entrance.
text: Noah still stands before her. He is barely conscious.
text: His eyes flutter open and closed. His pupils are
text: unfocused.
dialog: The ground is covered with feathers, There is only one
text: bird left. It is our Dove. It looks up at him.
text: He reaches out his hands. The Dove does not move.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Come, be spared.
text: But the Dove does nothing. Naameh walks to her husband.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: It has no mate. So perhaps it
dialog: cannot come?
text: Noah looks up at the sky for the dove’s partner.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Then we wait.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: The bird can wait. You need rest.
text: 
dialog: 38.
text: She leads him towards the boat.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: Noah wakes up
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: The noise is deafening. He exits his hut wiping sleep from
text: his eyes.
text: The Ark is filled with two of every species of bird.
text: Japheth pets a bird in his hand.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Japheth!
text: The boy freezes. Noah takes the bird away.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Listen, all of you. Look. Here are two.
dialog: Two and only two of each kind.
text: Noah opens some herb filled jars stored nearby. He mixes
text: the contents together.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: If they survive the storm they will
dialog: breed and spread across the world. But
dialog: if a single creature in our care dies
dialog: then a piece of holy Creation will be
dialog: lost forever. So, we must treat them
dialog: with the greatest care.
text: Noah lights the mixture. It burns. Then he douses it
text: with water. Smoke pours out. He blows the smoke onto
text: the birds. They fall into a slumber.
text: The boys are amazed. Woah hands the dish to Ham.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: They will sleep. This my sons will be
dialog: your job. Make sure all the beasts
dialog: that enter this Ark sleep. There are
dialog: only two. Two of each. Remember
dialog: that. They will sleep and they will
dialog: be safe.
dialog: Naameh follows Noah
text: 
text: 
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: The Dove still waits.
text: Noah looks down at it. Then up at the sky. No birds.
text: But a pocket of white fluffy clouds floats up above over
text: the Ark and the surrounding forest. Some patches of the
text: dusk sky still peek through, but not many.
text: Ham comes out and stands rext to his mother and father.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Father.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Yes son.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: All the birds are twos. You have
dialog: mother. Shem has Ila. But what
dialog: of me? And Japheth? Who is there
dialog: for us?
text: Noah hesitates, worried. Then he picks up his son.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: People will come, many people will
dialog: come, they will follow the beasts.
dialog: And when they do, we can find you
dialog: a wife.
text: Ham smiles. But Naameh screams and points.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
text: The ground is moving.
text: The ground undulates and closes in on the Ark.
text: Noah steps forward peering into the darkness. The
text: REPTILES of the world have arrived.
dialog: Lizards, snakes, newts, salamanders, turtles and their
text: like approach. They stretch across the open field to the
text: forest in the distance.
text: Noah kneels down before them.
text: He reaches out his hands. ‘Two by two they approach and
text: pass by him.
text: Naameh watches two snakes slither by.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: The pests as well?
text: 
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: All of the Creator’s creations.
dialog: Each after its kind. They all
dialog: must be saved!
dialog: cur TO:
text: IN THE FOREST
dialog: Shem is a master lumberjack and with only a few chops he
dialog: fells a great tree.
text: The three Watchers assist Shem. With six arms and great
dialog: might they are even more efficient than Shem.
text: The Watchers load the trees onto a sled and start heading
text: back towards the Ark.
text: Shem hears a strange noise. He looks over. The Watchers
text: stop and look back at Shem.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Go ahead.
text: The Watchers head off into the bush.
text: Shem moves to another tree. He notices some blood on the
text: ground. Curious he follows the trail and finds more
dialog: blood, a lot of blood.
text: A few more feet and he finds the discarded remnants of a
text: dead SPIKED WARTHOG.
text: He climbs around a bend and sees the MAMMALS arriving
text: from every direction: rats, wild dogs, the great cats,
dialog: gazelles, antelopes, rhinos, oxen, elephants. Many of
dialog: the animals we recognize, many we don’t.
text: Tracking them and feeding off of them are hordes of
text: REFUGEES, beyond number.
text: Shem keeps moving to get a better vantage point when he
text: walks into a tribe of MEN feasting on poached animals.
text: The men stare at Shem. Shem stares at the men.
text: They reach for their weapons. He rushes into the bush.
text: The men chase. Running at full speed Shem leaps for an
text: overhanging branch and swings himself up into the canopy.
text: The enemy runs by oblivious.
text: CUT BACK:
dialog: essai!
dialog: 41.
text: INTO THE ARK
text: Japheth plays with two small fork-toed LIZARDS. He looks
text: over at Ham who is busy putting animals to sleep.
text: Japheth secretly slides the tiny lizards into his satchel.
dialog: cur TO:
text: OUTSIDE THE ARK
text: Noah loads the last two reptiles into the Ark. He sighs,
text: a moment to rest. He looks at the Dove which still
text: waits.
text: He lowers his head and heads into the Ark when Shem
text: rushes out of the forest.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Father! Father!
text: Just then HORDES push out of the tree line.
text: The people spot the Ark. They point, stunned and amazed.
text: They start to approach.
text: From atop the ship, Og puts six hands to his mouth and
text: lets out a mighty bellow.
text: From all directions, The Watchers hear the call and
text: descend on the Hordes. The humans see the mythical
text: monsters approach and they quickly retreat in terror.
dialog: cur TO:
text: LATER AT THE MOUTH OF THE ARK
text: Og, Shem, and Noah discuss options.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: They will return. Whether through
dialog: courage or fear. Sooner or later
dialog: they will come.
dialog: (to Og)
dialog: Can you hold them when they do?
dialog: oG
dialog: There’s too many. Eventually they
dialog: will overwhelm us.
text: Noah looks up to the sky. The grey clouds have a touch
text: of angry black in them now.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Shem you must finish as fast as
dialog: you can.
dialog: cuUT TOs
text: UP ON THE ROOF
text: Shem works furiously.
text: cUuT TO:
speaker_heading: JAPHETH‘’S HUT
text: Alone, Japheth plays with his pet lizards.
text: CULT TO:
text: OUTSIDE THE ARK
text: A sea of mammals surrounds the Ark. Noah reaches out his
text: hands. A pair moves forward. He touches them on the
text: forehead and they walk past him onto the Ark.
dialog: BACK:
text: UP ON THE ROOF
text: Og stops working. He senses something. He looks out at
text: the tree line.
text: He screams for Noah.
speaker_heading: DOWN BELOW
text: Noah looks up. Fifty mounted men carrying white flags
text: approach.
text: Their leader is AKKAD, the same man Noah met at the
text: Point. Akkad is grey and scarred by years of war.
text: He rides his mount back and forth behind the mass of
text: beasts waiting to be loaded onto the Ark.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Noah! Son of Lamech! Noah!
dialog: Shem joins his father’s side.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: How many days till you’re
dialog: finished?
text: 
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Three at best.
text: Noah looks to Og and his fellow Watchers.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: come.
text: Noah walks towards Akkad, the animals parting to let him
text: pass. Akkad spots Noah and smiles. He trots towards
text: him. When they get close Akkad dismounts. He walks the
text: final distance to face Noah.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Old friend.
text: Noah sees a baby bison horn hanging from Akkad’s neck.
text: It must be the same horn he stole a decade past.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: You told me once the world would be
dialog: destroyed. Such a good friend, I
dialog: should have believed you. I didn’t.
dialog: Not till we saw the great exodus of
dialog: beasts. Not till the scouts followed
dialog: them to a forest that should not exist.
text: A forest covered by rain clouds.
text: Akkad looks at the dark sky and laughs.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Well I believe you now. You’ll be
dialog: glad to know I’ve repented, Noah.
dialog: Repented deeply, just as you preached.
dialog: And I think I deserve to be saved.
dialog: Don‘t you?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Then save yourself. The trees are
dialog: plentiful. Start building.
speaker_heading: ARKKAD
dialog: I think I like your ship. The
dialog: Creator will surely protect it.
speaker_heading: NOAH
text: The Ark is full.
speaker_heading: ARKKAD
dialog: Full?
text: Akkad laughs. It’s preposterous that the immense boat
dialog: could be full. Then he puts it all together.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Beasts?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: By the Creator’s command.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Well unload them! Look at my people.
text: Akkad nods to his FLAG BEARER. He raises the flag. In
text: response thousands of flags rise out of the forest. His
text: soldiers hidden in the woods let out a deafening cry.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: On my word, these armies shall storm
dialog: the forest. They shall storm your
dialog: ship. We will kill your beasts and
dialog: Murder your family.
text: Noah weighs the threat. He looks to Shem and the days of
dialog: work left on the Ark.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Very well. We will help each other.
dialog: Friend. When the time comes I will
dialog: take ten men of your choosing.
text: Shem steals an incredulous glance at his father.
speaker_heading: SEEM
dialog: Father!
text: Noah stares Shem into silence.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Twenty-five. With women.
text: Noah nods. Shem bristles.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: But you must do your part. Your
dialog: people obey you now. There is still
dialog: order. But if you leave, their
dialog: allegiance will dissolve. You must
dialog: give them hope. Have them build
dialog: ships. When the rain comes, then come
dialog: to me with your twenty-five.
speaker_heading: AKXAD
dialog: I will come with the rains, Noah.
dialog: With twenty-five if you keep your
dialog: word. Or if you cross me, I will come
dialog: with thousands.
dialog: (eyes Noah, until
dialog: satisfied:)
dialog: Until the rains, then!
dialog: 45.
text: Akkad rides off with his men.
text: Shem stares at his father dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Don’t you see, I got you your three
dialog: days. Finish as fast as you can.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Shem and the Watchers are busy at work.
text: CUE TO:
speaker_heading: JAPHETE‘S HUT
text: dapheth plays with his two lizards.
text: Ham enters and sees what his brother is doing.
speaker_heading: BAM
dialog: Japheth.
text: Japheth, startled, drops the lizards.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Father will be furious!
text: Japheth recovers one, but the other slips under the side
text: of the hut.
text: Japheth quickly runs to look for it. Ham follows. He
text: gees it slip out of the hearth into the main animal area.
dialog: cuUT TOs
speaker_heading: NOAH’S HUT
text: Noah studies his charts. Naameh stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: They’ve come. Isn’t it time now?
dialog: For Ham and Japheth.
text: He doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Noah?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I wonder...
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Wonder what?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: If a world without men would be a
dialog: better world.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Perhaps the Creator does not mean
dialog: us to find wives for Ham and
dialog: Japheth.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Then there will never be anymore
dialog: children. No more people.
text: Noah looks at Naameh. That‘’s exactly what he meant.
speaker_heading: " NAAMEH
dialog: No. It makes no sense. Then why
dialog: would He let us survive.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: To shepherd these beasts to safety.
dialog: Maybe that is all. And then
dialog: mankind disappears. It would be a
dialog: better world.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: But these are our children. Your
dialog: sons. They are good boys. They
dialog: shall raise their children right.
dialog: A world full of good men. surely
dialog: that’s what The Creator wants?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I don’t know. I don’t know what
text: he asks.
text: Noah buries his face in his hands. Naameh touches his
text: shoulder.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Noah, they are our boys...
text: Noah’s frustration snaps into anger.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Leave me, wife. I need to think.
dialog: case”
dialog: 47.
text: But she doesn’t leave. She looks at him with softness.
text: He grunts and storms out.
dialog: cur To:
speaker_heading: ANIMAL QUARTERS
text: Japheth and Ham chase after the lizard.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Get it!
text: Japheth leaps for it, but he leaps a bit hard, his hand
text: grabs the lizard but his body slides and he crushes the
text: creature when he smashes into the wall.
text: He looks in his hand, the lizard’s neck is bent the wrong
text: way. The boys are stunned.
dialog: Noah has seen it all.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: What have you done?!!!
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Father, he didn’t mean to. It was
dialog: a mistake, it was...
text: Noah can’t control his rage. He spins.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: A mistake?!!
text: He SLAPS Ham. Ham falls down. He glares at his father.
text: Noah can’t believe what he’s done.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Oh. Ham. I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
text: But Ham runs off.
text: Naameh arrives having heard the commotion. Japheth crying
text: leaps into her arms.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: It was... I...
speaker_heading: NAAMER
dialog: What did you do?
text: cUuUT TO:
dialog: 48,
text: OUTSIDE THE ARK AT DUSK
text: In the distant forest the Hordes chop down trees for
dialog: boats.
text: In front of the Ark, Noah digs a hole and buries the
text: lizard. He stares at the grave. Naameh arrives.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
text: Japheth has fallen asleep.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And Ham?
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: We can’t find him. What happened
dialog: between you?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I’m not sure. I saw the dead
dialog: creature. The Creator’s creature,
dialog: gone forever now. I was furious,
dialog: Ieee
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: They are just boys,
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I know. Just boys. And I struck
dialog: out. I hurt my son.
text: Noah’s voice cracks.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: They will forgive you.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Should they?
dialog: (Swallows)
dialog: I thought somehow we were
dialog: different. I look out at all
dialog: those lost souls and I sympathize
dialog: with them. They are no different
dialog: than us. We are no different than
dialog: them. The same wickedness is in
dialog: all of us.
text: Naameh tries to comfort Noah.
speaker_heading: : NAAMEHR
dialog: Come to bed.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Not now.
text: She let’s him stay and returns inside.
dialog: 49,
text: In the shadow of the Ark hides Ham, watching all.
text: FADE TO:
scene_heading: THE NEXT MORNING
text: Ham wakes. He looks out. Noah keeps vigil at the grave.
text: His mother emerges and sits with his father.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: You haven‘t slept. What were you--
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: There will be no wives.
speaker_heading: NAAMER
dialog: It was a mistake. An accident.
dialog: You can’t blame them for that.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I do not blame them, I blame
dialog: myself. It is not what they did.
dialog: it was my response. My anger!
dialog: (nods to himself)
dialog: Ham and Japheth will survive the
dialog: deluge, but they will survive
dialog: alone.
text: Ham catches every word.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: They are innocent boys! Children.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And they will be the last. They
dialog: must be. We have undone Creation.
dialog: And we would do it again. If not
dialog: our children, then our children’s
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Your grandchildren!
speaker_heading: NCAH
dialog: Yes. Or great-grandchildren. We
dialog: are men, like all the others, just
dialog: as wicked as the rest. And as
dialog: long as there are men creation
dialog: will not be safe.
text: Ham backs away from his parents. He sneaks past a group of
text: sleeping giants, crawls behind the back of the one on guard,
text: and slips into the woods.
text: cUT TO:
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH’S HUT
text: Japheth lies on his mat, all cried out. Noah enters and
text: kneels next to his youngest son.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: Father. I am so sorry. I did not
dialog: mean to hurt it--
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Quiet now. It’s not your fault.
dialog: It’s mine.
text: Japheth tears up again.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: But I killed it! It did nothing
dialog: wrong and now it is dead.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Yes. That’s what people do to
dialog: beasts.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: We can’t help it. It is the way
dialog: we are. But the animals will be
dialog: safe from now on.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: They will?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: They will. JI will make sure of
dialog: it. And you can help me.
text: Noah carefully hands the live lizard to Japheth.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: This one is all alone now. ‘The
dialog: last of its kind. Why don’t you
dialog: take care of it?
text: Japheth pets the reptile, smiles. Noah lets them bond.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Have you seen your brother?
text: Japheth shakes his head no. Noah goes out into
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
dialog: No one is around,
dialog: Si.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Ham?
text: He looks into Ham’s hut. Empty. ‘Noah moves onto the
text: ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Shem directs The Watchers. The Ark is nearly finished.
text: Up above, the clouds are gray and stormy.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: We are close, father. Very close.
text: Noah looks at the clouds. He takes the hammer from Shem.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Ham is not on the Ark. I need you
dialog: to go find him and bring him back.
text: Shem grabs three Watchers. They head towards the woods.
text: Noah looks down at Shem’s work. He starts to hammer.
text: CUT TO:
text: DEEP IN THE FOREST
text: Ham stares down at the hordes. He looks back in the
text: direction he came from. He makes a decision and heads
text: into the mass of humanity.
dialog: cur To:
speaker_heading: THE FOREST
text: Shem sees no one. He looks both ways unsure where to go.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Tubal take the west. Magog, go
dialog: east. Tiras and I will work our
dialog: way all the way up towards
dialog: Grandfather’s mountain.
text: The Watchers nod. Tubal and Magog split off. Shem
text: continues with Tiras.
text: cUT TO:
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH’S CAVE
text: Methusaleh meditates, his eyes shut. His straight face
text: hints at a smile.
text: 
text: 
dialog: 52.
text: A sound approaches. He opens his eyes, sees Naameh
text: feeling in the darkness.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: Naameh.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: (still blind)
dialog: Grandfather? Forgive me. I am
dialog: sorry I have disturbed--
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: Quiet now. Come in. Sit with me.
text: Naameh follows his voice. Slowly the darkness gives way.
text: She sits before him.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: My granddaughter. You are as
dialog: beautiful as Noah says.
text: She blushes.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: The beauty of a mother who comes
dialog: to plea for her sons. Pleas their
dialog: father will not hear?
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: There is no moving him! He has
dialog: come to believe the death of man
dialog: is just.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: But it is just.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: It is?
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: We have destroyed this world. So
dialog: we ourselves will be destroyed.
dialog: Justice.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: And there is no escaping it?
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: The Creator reaches down to us with two
text: hands. In his left - a sword that
dialog: shears away wickedness. That is
text: justice. But in his right ~ a canopy.
dialog: It shelters us from judgement and
dialog: creates a space for grace. That is
dialog: mercy. Which the Creator intends for
dialog: us now - that is a mystery.
dialog: sae
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: So why won’t Noah strive for
dialog: mercy?
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: The visions came to Noah. The
dialog: choice is his.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Can you do nothing?
text: Methusaleh thinks. A pause.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: TI could try. But it would cause
dialog: pain. Possibly tragedy. Do you
dialog: wish to take that chance?
text: Methusaleh stares into Naameh’s eyes. She nods.
scene_heading: IN:
speaker_heading: THE FOREST
text: Ila on all fours collects herbs into a satchel.
text: She hears something flapping. A pure white Dove
text: struggles to take flight with one dislocated wing.
text: Ila scampers over. She gently picks it up.
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: Ah. There you are.
text: With a tender knowing touch Ila palpates the shoulder
text: joint before popping the wing back into the socket.
text: She’ opens her hands. The bird flies off towards the Ark.
text: Then, she spots something special, a juicy berry.
text: She plucks it. It is delicious. Then out of the corner
text: of her eye she sees another berry impossibly bloom.
text: Intrigued, she stares at it. As she eats it, another one
text: blooms nearby.
text: She follows the trail of blooming fruit
text: DEEPER IN THE FOREST
text: Ila follows the stream of berries. she is scared and
text: curious at the game time.
text: She watches as the trail blooms up Mt. Ararat towards her
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER’S CAVE
text: She pauses before it. Not sure she is supposed to enter.
text: But the berries lead right inside.
text: Slowly, afraid, she enters the darkness.
dialog: cur TO:
text: THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Noah hammers busily. He spots Ila’s Dove fly overhead.
text: He watches the lonely Dove TWEET. It leaps up and joins
dialog: it’s mate in the air.
text: Noah watches them circle as the dark, wet clouds churn
text: above.
text: He sticks out his hands. The birds land in his palms.
text: He lets them touch beaks. Then, they fly into the Ark.
text: CUT TO:
text: DEEP IN THE FOREST
text: Shem freezes. A strange noise approaches getting louder
text: from every direction. White noise everywhere. He runs
text: towards a lookout point.
text: He arrives in time to witness the INSECTS of the world
text: descend, igniting the massed hordes into chaos.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH’S CAVE
text: Ila hears the noise. She considers turning back but the
text: darkness calls her.
dialog: NOW:
text: DEEP IN THE FOREST
text: The insects fly past Shem, shooting through the forest.
text: We rush with them through the woods, into the clearing,
dialog: and stop when we see Noah
speaker_heading: KD
dialog: 55.
text: OUTSIDE THE ARK
text: The insects hang in the air before him. They cover the
text: ground at his feet. Noah bows.
text: The bugs take his invite and rush into
speaker_heading: THE ARK
text: The insects squeeze themselves into every unoccupied nook
dialog: and cranny: under the legs of the crocodiles, in the ears
text: of the elephants, between the embrace of the cockatiels.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH‘S CAVE
text: Ila moves through the darkness. She pushes deeper in
text: until she sees the old man.
text: He smiles at her. Nervous, she starts to back away.
speaker_heading: MBTHUSALER
dialog: May I?
text: Ila doesn’t know what he’s talking about. She follows
text: his eyes to the berries in her hand.
text: She holds them out and he takes one. He smells it first.
text: Then, he pops it in his mouth rather quickly.
text: It sends shivers of joy through his ancient body.
speaker_heading: METHUSALER
dialog: Mmm. Spring fruit. Sweet and
dialog: fresh, I’d almost forgotten.
text: She offers him another. He shakes his head no.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: Sit, child.
dialog: She does.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: Ten years, you‘ve lived with my
dialog: own. You love them. Shem.
text: She blushes.
speaker_heading: METHUSALER
dialog: Noah.
text: 
dialog: 56.
dialog: =LA
dialog: He saved my life. Raised me.
speaker_heading: METHUSALEH
dialog: He did. And you are as his own
dialog: daughter now. My own great-
dialog: granddaughter. Ten years in the
dialog: shadow of my home, yet, I have
dialog: never met you, nor given you my
dialog: blessing. May I?
text: She nods. Slowly he extends wrinkled fingers towards her.
text: The ancient fingertips hover quietly over her belly, over
text: her scar, over her womb.
text: Suddenly, the candlelight in the room surges with
text: brightness. But only for a moment. Was it the wind?
text: Ila feels something inside. She looks at the old man,
text: afraid, unsure. She looks back down at her belly.
text: She gets up, terrified. She looks at Methusaleh one more
dialog: time and runs.
text: Methusaleh exhales. It is done.
text: CUT TOs
speaker_heading: THE HORDES
dialog: A refugee camp -- anywhere, anytime. Desperate people
dialog: with nothing to their name. Squalor. Hunger. Fear.
dialog: The masses push and pull, surge and retreat. Mounted
text: soldiers try to keep order. The crowd yanks down three
text: soldiers. The army counters and the masses scatter.
text: As the crowd separates a familiar face -~- Ham. Fighting
dialog: for his balance,
text: A gang builds a raft. Someone caught for stealing wood.
text: They beat him. Almost smash into Ham. Ham scurries
text: away. A ONE-EYED WOMAN spies him. Something strange
dialog: about this one she thinks.
text: Ham catches her one good eye and ducks behind a tent to
text: get away. It is dark. He hears crying. Follows the
text: tears and slips into a muddy
speaker_heading: GRAVE
text: Corpses all around. Fresh, not rotting yet.
text: In front of him is a startled 13 year-old GIRL.
text: 
text: 
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Get away!
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: I’m sorry. I won’t hurt--
text: She spins and picks up a rock, ready to kill:
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Leave!
text: Ham retreats. His back against the back of the grave.
text: He looks at her. She wipes her nose with the back of her
text: hand. Tucks a curl behind her ear.
text: She is small, thin, dirty. And lovely.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: I have food.
text: The girl is tempted for a moment. Ham reaches into his
text: satchel. Removes some flat-bread and dried fruit.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Here.
text: She moves for it, but halts -~ suspicious.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Nothing. I will go.
text: He reaches forward and holds it out to her.
text: Fearfully she reaches out and takes it. He retreats.
text: The girl stuffs herself. She watches him the whole time
text: never blinking. He starts to climb away.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Are you alone?
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Yes. Your?
text: She motions to the bodies. Ham swallows.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I’m Na’eltamuk,
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Ham.
text: 
text: 
dialog: vo
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: NA‘ELTAMUK
dialog: You’re kind, Ham.
text: She starts to cry. He waiks to her and sits down.
text: She leans into him and sobs.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE ROOF
text: Noah hammers busily. The sky is dark and black to the
text: horizon. The clouds are furious.
text: The air is filled with moisture. A slight breeze blows.
text: Suddenly, all the noise of work around him stops. He
text: looks up. The Watchers put away their tools. They climb
text: off the roof and sit down in a circle.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: Only your work ieft, then the Ark
dialog: is done.
text: Og climbs down and joins his kind facing the woods.
text: Noah looks down. Only one nail is missing. One last
dialog: nail and the Ark is finished.
text: He opens his palm. The nail is in his hand.
text: He lines it up, lifts the hammer, and slams it in.
text: The blow echoes.
text: CUT TO:
text: DEEP IN THE FOREST
text: Shem rushes through the woods, calling for Ham.
text: He smashes into Ila. She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Ila. Why are you--
text: Ila doesn’t listen, just kisses him. He pushes her back.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Ham, we need~-
text: She doesn’t stop. She thrusts her tongue into his mouth.
text: Shem tries to pull away. She won’t slow down. She rips
text: at his clothes, her clothes.
dialog: 59.
text: She takes his hand and thrusts it down. Down where it
dialog: hurt.
dialog: . SHEM
dialog: But it hurts--
text: Not anymore. Ila tells him so with a deep kiss.
dialog: Shem forgets Ham, the hordes of men, the approaching
dialog: storm. The whole world is Ila now.
dialog: And Shem knew Ila.
text: CUT TO:
text: HIGH OVER THE EARTH
text: We fall quickly. Gravity sucks on us. Overrun now by a
text: cold fat single drop of water.
dialog: Rain.
text: Rushing down towards Noah’s upturned face. smash into
text: his waiting palm.
dialog: Splash!
text: Then, three more drops hit nearby.
text: CUT BACK TO THE:
speaker_heading: GRAVE
text: Ham and Na‘eltamuk finish burying her family’s bodies.
text: Exhausted he looks at her. She smiles at him. He smiles
text: and blushes.
text: A rain drop hits her face. The wetness lingers.
text: Ham looks up. A drop hits him in the forehead. Another
text: drop, then another.
text: Ham realizes what it means. He takes Na’eltamuk’s hand.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: come! Quickly now.
text: cUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE FOREST
text: Through a screen of greenery Shem and Ila move together.
text: 
dialog: 60.
text: At first only the sound of their rhythmic breathing, then
text: the fluttering of rain on leaves is everywhere. .
text: As they settle into a climactic kiss, water collapses
text: through the canopy and soaks them to the skin.
text: cUT TO:
text: OUTSIDE THE ARK
text: Puddles form under the Watcher’s bums. Og and Samyaza
text: sit side by side. Rain water pours down their faces.
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: Creator’s tears.
text: BACK WITH:
speaker_heading: THE HORDES
text: Ham pulls Na’eltamuk into the surging masses. The rain
text: has set-off hysteria. The army shoots projectiles
text: blindly into the maddened crowd.
text: Ham spots Akkad through the madness.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: We must get to my father!
text: They scream to be heard over the rain and crowd.
speaker_heading: NA’ ELTAMUK
dialog: No, there are soldiers that way.
dialog: We should head towards safety, to
dialog: the mountain.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: There is only one safe place! The
dialog: great ship. Father built it!
text: Ham catches himself. He spoke too loud,
speaker_heading: NA‘ELTAMUK
dialog: The Ark?
text: He covers her mouth. But it is too late.
speaker_heading: ONE-EYED WOMAN
dialog: I was right. It’s one of them!
text: She hits the WRINKLED MAN by her side.
speaker_heading: ONE-EYED WOMAN
dialog: The son! The son of Noah!
text: 
dialog: 61. °
text: Her words echo through the crowd.
speaker_heading: REFUGEE 1 REFUGEE 2
dialog: Son of Noah? Noah’s son? Where?!
speaker_heading: REFUGEE 3 REFUGEE 1
dialog: There! There he is!
text: And so on. The crowd surges towards Ham and Na’eltamuk.
text: cUT TO:
text: THE EDGE OF THE FOREST
text: Shem and Ila burst out of the woods, running for the Ark.
text: Naameh spots them through the thick sheets of rain.
speaker_heading: NAAMEHR
dialog: Shem! fla!
text: Noah rushes past her, out into the rain.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Father!
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Where is your brother!?
dialog: Shem does not know.
text: cUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE HORDES
dialog: Mayhem reigns.
text: Knee deep in mud and soaked to the bone, Ham and
text: Na’eltamuk run from the crowd.
text: But they are surrounded. Hands claw for them.
speaker_heading: REFUGEE 4
dialog: Ransom them!
text: Ham hugs Na’eltamuk. The surging crowd threatens to
text: crush them. The girl screams out in agony and fear.
text: As the end nears, Ham closes his eyes to stop the pain.
text: But then, the crowd breaks apart. Ham looks up.
text: Akkad smashes his mount through the hordes and grabs Ham.
text: The crowd holds onto Na’eltamuk. Ham fights to get to
text: her, but Akkad rides away.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: No. No! Let me go! GO BACK!
text: The great warrior sees the boy’s tears, has mercy.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Circle about! Get the girl!
text: Akkad leads a charge back into the masses, his beast and
text: weapons chewing a line through the crowd.
speaker_heading: NA’ELTAMUK (0.8.)
dialog: HAM!
text: Ham spots Na’eltamuk.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: There! There!
text: Akkad zeroes in on her. He reaches down and yanks her
text: out of the crowd and into Ham’s arms.
text: The hordes surge against Akkad’s beast. The creature
text: cries out and smashes onto the ground, its riders thrown
text: into the crowd.
text: The mass surges after Ham. Akkad tries to fight back but
text: there’s too many. His men struggle for their own lives.
text: Ham holds Na’eltamuk tight as the hordes descend.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Lighting flashes, blinding everyone.
text: A beat. The rain slows down. Everything slows down.
text: The hordes turn as something huge bears down and smashes
text: them apart. It is Og, Noah riding on his shoulders.
text: Ten Watchers back them up. Noah sees Ham, screams to the
dialog: Watcher Magog:
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Take him home!
text: The crowd looks up at Og and Noah towering above them.
speaker_heading: REFUGEE 5 REFUGEE 6
dialog: It’s him. Great mage.
speaker_heading: REFUGEE 7 REFUGEE 5
dialog: Noah! Noah!
text: Someone kneels, bowing towards Noah. The rest of the
text: masses follow suit. They cry and beg for mercy.
dialog: 63.
text: As Magog grabs Ham the boy clutches Na’eltamuk tight.
text: Noah, distracted by the crowd, does not see the girl.
text: Magog and three Watchers rush Ham and Na’elmatuk away.
text: Akkad yanks one of his men off a mount. He leaps onto
text: the beast, trots through the bowing crowd.
speaker_heading: AXKAD
dialog: (to Noah)
dialog: Quickly. Now’s our chance.
text: Noah throws Akkad a hard stare, then shouts down at the
text: masses prostrated before him.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: You had your warnings! You heard
dialog: the Creator’s anger! You ignored
dialog: them! No one will be saved. Not
dialog: one of you.
text: Noah points at Akkad.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: He was warned! And he did
dialog: nothing. Now ~ it is too late!
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Scoundrel!
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Now justice shall reign!
text: Part of the crowd begs for mercy as Og and the other
text: Watcher’s retreat. Another part turns angrily to Akkad.
text: Akkad rears his beast onto its hind legs.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Fools! Attack me and let him get
dialog: away? We have only now! We can
dialog: sit here and kill each other! OR
dialog: WE CAN TAKE THE ARK!
dialog: cur TOs:
speaker_heading: THE FOREST
text: Noah holds on tight to 0g. As the Watchers sprint
text: through the forest, they hear the hordes let out a blood
text: thirsty WAR CRY. Og speeds up. The hordes are coming.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: vores
dialog: 64.
text: ENTRANCE TO THE ARK
text: Naameh stands just inside the Ark. She scans the tree
text: line, waiting. The rest of the family -- shem, Ila and
text: Japheth -- by her side.
text: Magog appears and rushes his two passengers to the Ark.
text: Naameh hugs Ham. She notices Na’eltamuk standing next to
text: him. The girl stares at the hold filled with animals.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: This is Na’eltamuk. She will be
dialog: my wife.
text: Naameh smiles widely.
speaker_heading: NAAMEE
dialog: Thank you, grandfather!
text: Naameh grabs the girl, hugs her.
speaker_heading: NOAH (0.S.)
dialog: Away from her!
text: Noah stands outside in the rain.
text: He boards the Ark, grabs the girl out of his wife’s arms,
text: and tosses her out of the Ark.
text: Ham reaches out to save her but all he gets is a piece of
text: shirt. Na’eltamuk lands in the mud.
text: Instantly, a Watcher picks her up and carries her off
text: towards the forest.
text: Ham rushes after her. But Noah grabs him. He lifts him
text: up by both arms and stares into his eyes.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: She will not come on the Ark.
dialog: Join her and die with her. Your
dialog: choice. In or outi?
speaker_heading: NAAMEER
dialog: Noah no!
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Please father!
text: Noah swings back - about to throw Ham outside. Ham
text: watches the girl disappear in the woods.
text: The Watchers lift up the Ark door, ready to seal it shut.
dialog: on
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: In or out!
text: Ham bows his head. In.
text: Noah nods to the Watchers. They seal the Ark.
text: Noah releases Ham to sob in his mother’s arms and then
text: climbs up and out onto
text: THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Noah exits a hatchway and looks down into the clearing.
text: The Watchers stand in the thigh-deep water. They are
text: fanned out in a great circle Surrounding the Ark.
text: Akkad bursts into the clearing. He meets Noah’s gaze.
text: Then the army rushes in. And the hordes behind them.
text: 10,000 souls rushing for the safety of the ship.
text: The Watchers meet the charge, a different weapon in each
text: of their six arms. It is an epic battle of man versus
dialog: giant. :
text: The Watcher Tabul grabs two soldiers. He uses them to
dialog: smash other attackers away. When the soldiers
text: disintegrate, Tabul uses his mighty fists, squashing his
text: opponents like a man splattering mice.
text: The hordes overwhelm the Watcher Magog. They pull him to
text: his giant knees and blind him. But he keeps swinging and
text: killing until a few soldiers fire arrows into his throat.
text: Magog falls down on his back into the water dead.
text: The air around him bends. A deafening CRACKLE sounds as
text: a single bolt of lightning strikes Magog’s body.
text: The bolt hangs there like a rope of light connecting
text: earth to heavens. And inside the bolt, ascending through
text: the light, Noah can almost see The Watcher writ in flame,
text: a huge set of wings unfolding.
text: And then the bolt is gone. And so is Magog’s body.
text: The Watchers witness Magog’s redemption. Samyaza cries
text: out an unearthly roar of victory. The other Watchers
text: join in. It stuns the hordes.
text: Samyaza and the others attack with abandon, knowing their
text: redemption is secure. The masses are pushed back.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: A
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE ARK
text: Naameh tries to comfort Ham.
speaker_heading: NSAMEH
dialog: I am so sorry.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: She didn’t do anything. She was
dialog: good!
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: How would you know? You know
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: If Grandfather chose her, then...
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: I chose her. I found her. [I
dialog: picked her. :
text: Ham runs off. Naameh is confused. Ila watches it all.
text: cuT TO:
text: OUTSIDE THE ARK
dialog: The tide of the battle has changed again. Too many
dialog: humans, too few giants.
dialog: Each time a Watcher falls a lightning bolt reclaims its
text: soul. The surviving Watchers slowly retreat keeping the
dialog: circle tight.
text: A large gang jumps onto Sanyaza. He takes a few of them
text: with him, but a man drives a stake into his heart.
text: He looks up to the heavens and whispers:
speaker_heading: SAMYAZA
dialog: My Creator, have mercy on me.
text: Og watches the bolt of lightning escort Samyaza home.
text: A large group of men break through the opening in the
text: Watcher’s ranks. They reach the scaffolding still
text: .attached to the Ark and start to climb.
text: On the roof, Noah grips his axe tight. Ready to fight.
dialog: 67.
text: Og rushes to help. He scampers up the scaffolding,
text: tossing as many humans as he can back down.
text: ON THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Og and Noah defend the ship, slicing all enemies down.
text: They push the scaffolding back, dumping climbing men back
dialog: into the pit of humanity.
text: For a moment the deck is clear. The wind is violent.
text: The clouds as black as night. The rain hurts.
text: Noah and Og stand side by side. They watch the last
text: Watchers fall and the masses surge forward.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: My end is near. Watchers gave man
dialog: all our gifts. All but one. The
dialog: gift of forgetfulness.
text: Og hands Noah a small wooden box.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Thank you, Og.
speaker_heading: OG
dialog: I thank you Noah, for helping us
dialog: go home.
text: Then the great giant leaps off the Ark into the hordes.
text: He kills many men. Until Akkad emerges from the masses.
text: Bloody, on foot, limping, but alive.
text: Akkad slings a rock at 0g’s head. The projectile slams
text: home and knocks the giant to his knees.
text: Akkad leaps onto 0g’s back and thrusts a great sword into
text: the base of the giant’s skull. Akkad looks up at Noah as
text: he pulls the sword out.
text: The air bends. Lightning CRACKS and connects with 0g‘s
text: falling corpse. Akkad is thrown.
text: Noah watches 0g’s soul drift up to heaven.
text: The last Watcher is gone and nothing protects the Ark.
text: SMASH TO:
speaker_heading: SPACE
text: The planet Earth is covered in hurricanes. A half dozen
text: giant Katrina’s rage across the globe. Immense pinwheels
dialog: ripping apart our world.
dialog: 68.
text: We fall back towards the ground through the clouds.
text: BACK UP ON:
text: THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: The wind picks up. Noah ties himself to the thick ropes
dialog: attached to the ship.
text: Men climb the sides of the Ark.
dialog: The fountain that first appeared over the seed Noah
dialog: planted years ago starts to bubble once again. Then, it
text: begins to spray as a great force pushes forth.
text: The earth BREAKS open. Water shoots up with unimaginable
text: pressure thousands of feet in the air.
text: Other cracks release other bursting geysers. Hundreds of
text: them, maybe thousands. Soon it is hard to tell if rain
text: is falling or shooting up.
text: Men get shredded as pressurized water rips them apart.
text: But more hordes approach.
text: The wind nearly lifts Noah off his feet. He struggles to
text: hold on. Planks fly off the roof of the Ark. Most men
text: are torn from the ship but some continue to climb.
text: Twisters of wind and twisters of water connect cloud and
text: ground. Men drown in droves. But still the hordes
text: descend. Thousands of people rushing through chest high
dialog: water to get to the ship.
text: Suddenly, the ground water sucks away. Only muddy earth.
text: As the desperate masses rush the Ark, a two hundred foot
text: wall of water rears up behind him.
text: Noah’s face fills with awe.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: METHUSLAEH’S CAVE
text: Methusaleh sits quietly, eyes shut and breaths steady.
text: Water floods his home. He doesn’t stop breathing.
text: Bubbles rush out, he takes water in, and death causes him
dialog: no pain.
text: CUT BACK TO:
text: 
text: 
dialog: a
text: 
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: THE ARK
text: The wall of water descends on the Ark. The hordes that
dialog: haven’t made it to the ship are destroyed.
text: Their half-built ships explode into splinters.
text: Just as the wave is about to hit the Ark it starts to
text: rotate into a huge whirlpool. Towering walls of water
text: spin around the Ark.
text: Akkad runs a step ahead of the tsunami, an axe in each
text: hand. He reaches the Ark just as the tidal wave hits the
text: corner of the boat and the whole Ark starts to spin.
text: Round and round it rises up. Akkad leaps — burying both
text: hatchets into the side of the Ark as the ship is lifted
dialog: up with the flood waters.
text: Up on deck a dozen men have managed to hold on. They
text: come at Noah from all sides. He uses his long rope
text: tether to swing and dive across the pitching deck. one
text: by one he cuts men down or flings them into the depths.
text: Until finally Noah stands alone. The ship stops
text: spinning. It settles on the top of a great endless sea.
text: Horror, shock, and sadness on Noah’s face as he stares at
dialog: the few screaming survivors sinking amongst the thousands
text: of floating dead.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: Ham sulks in a corner.
text: He jumps when something hits the wall. THWACK the tip of
text: a metal blade juts through the wood.
text: Ham backs away afraid. Just outside on
text: THE SIDE OF THE SHIP
text: Akkad hangs on for dear life. He chops his way into
speaker_heading: THE ARK
text: Hidden behind some supplies, Ham watches the injured king
text: collapse unconscious in a puddle. His leg is mangled.
text: After a moment, Ham slips away, back to
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: Naameh holds onto Japheth. She spots Ham and reaches out
text: ‘for him. He goes to her but says nothing. Nearby, Shem
dialog: holds Ila.
text: The hatch above opens. Everyone looks.
dialog: It is Noah.
text: He climbs down and looks at his family. Japheth stares
text: at the axe in his hand. Noah looks at it.
text: It is covered in blood.
text: Noah drags himself into his
speaker_heading: WORKSHOP
text: He drops the axe next to his journals and notes.
text: He opens Og’s box. There is no ease for his pain and
text: sadness there. Just a foot long tree branch. A clipping
text: of sorts. It looks dead. Noah drops it as well.
text: He collapses against the wall. Alone, he hangs his head.
text: SLOW FADE TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: Thunderous rain. Thunderous storm. Cries of the dying.
dialog: And these words:
dialog: Genesis 7:11
dialog: And that day, were all the fountains of the great deep
dialog: burst forth, and the windows of heaven were opened. And
dialog: rain fell upon the earth forty days and forty nights.
text: After a moment we return to
speaker_heading: JAPHETH’S HUT
text: Japheth cuts a fifth line - day five - into the wall.
text: CUT TOs
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: Ila and Naameh cook. They hear someone cry for help.
dialog: Maybe a lot of people.
text: Ham and Japheth run in, following the noise. Ham runs to
text: the hatch that leads out onto the roof,
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Ham! Ham!
text: But Ham is already outside. Naameh looks out.
text: Horrified, she turns back to Ila.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: (pex Japheth)
dialog: Keep him away.
text: Ila pulls Japheth into his hut. Naameh climbs outside.
dialog: cur To:
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: The screams wake Akkad from a feverish nap. His wound is
text: bound. Some water and food are set nearby.
text: He looks around suspiciously. No one. He reaches for
text: the water and devours the food.
dialog: Cur To:
text: UP NEAR THE ROOF
text: Shem and Noah work to patch leaks in the roof. Sloshes
text: of sea water douse them with every sway of the boat.
text: A desperate cry of human misery floats in from the rain.
text: Shem looks at his father. Noah acknowledges nothing.
text: Shem goes to investigate. Noah works for a beat. Then
text: throws his tool to the ground and follows.
text: CUT TO:
text: ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Noah moves out onto the roof of the Ark.
text: The rain whistles down on Shem, Ham, and Naameh.
dialog: 72.
text: They stare out at mountain tops, the final remnants of
text: land. They still tower over the Ark but not by much.
text: Surviving hordes cling to ice covered rock. They scream
text: for help. The bravest swim for the Ark, but the water is
dialog: too cold, too rough.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: If we cut loose the ropes, let
dialog: them drag, some might find safety.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: We cannot help them.
text: Ham looks at his father with fury. He storms back into
text: the ship. Naameh chases after him.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: They’re not soldiers. Just
dialog: people.
text: Noah lets some time pass.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: It is time to eat.
text: Shem dutifully enters. Noah pulls the roof hatch closed.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: The family reclines on low cushions and rugs for dinner.
text: But only Noah and Japheth, the youngest, eat. Everyone
text: else stares at their father their plates untouched.
text: Noah finishes. He gently places his plate down.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: You stare at me as one stares at a
dialog: murderer.
text: Noah looks up at his family.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: You question if this old body has
dialog: a heart. You wonder how one could
dialog: be so cruel.
text: Noah looks directly at Ham. Ham turns and starts to
dialog: leave.
text: 
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Listen. Listen to a story. our
dialog: family’s oldest story. Listen,
dialog: and then you judge.
text: Ham stops, he comes back, sits down and waits for Noah to
text: start.
text: Noah picks up the candle and blows it out. Everything is
speaker_heading: DARK
text: Just the sound of the rain and waves. The occasional
text: human cry.
text: Then we hear Noah’s voice.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: In the beginning, there was
text: nothing. Nothing but the silence
dialog: of an infinite darkness.
dialog: And now we hear nothing. Silence. Then:
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: But the breath of The Creator
dialog: fluttered upon the face of the
dialog: void, whispering: “Let there be
dialog: light.”
text: A pinpoint of light explodes into our eyes.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And light was. And it was good.
dialog: And light separated itself from
dialog: darkness and darkness from light.
dialog: And this was The First Day.
text: And in what will be a single shot, the white light starts
text: to undulate as darkness emerges and they battle like oil
dialog: and water.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And the formless light took on
dialog: substance and shape ~ and so the
dialog: glittering arches of the infinite
dialog: heavens were stretched across the
dialog: sky. A Second Day.
dialog: The light congeals into nebulae, the nebulae into
text: galaxies. We move forward into one galaxy, the Milky way
dialog: a trillion years ago.
text: We approach a collapsing cloud of dust spinning around
text: its center. The center IGNITES into a sun. And the
dialog: edges clump into planets,
text: 
text: 
dialog: 74.
text: We curve towards the third one, circling the spinning
text: molten sphere until the young sun rises over the far side
dialog: of our home.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And Earth was born. our beautiful
dialog: fragile home. A great warming
text: light nurtured it’s day - a sign
dialog: for seasons, for days and years.
text: Now, a giant asteroid smacks into the planet, knocking it
text: onto a slanted axis. Every action creates an equal and
dialog: opposite reaction, so a glob of cooling matter is knocked
text: off of the other side forming the Moon.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And a lesser light ruled the
dialog: night. And there was Evening.
dialog: And Morning. Another day.
text: We circle over the Earth until we break the cloud cover,
text: soaring lower and lower over a planet that is completely
text: covered with liquid molten rock.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And the waters of the Farth
dialog: gathered unto themselves, waters
dialog: unto waters. Ard in their midst
dialog: emerged dry land. And it was good
dialog: ~- for the land was rich and
dialog: fertile.
text: We see the molten Earth form a dry crust. smaller
text: meteorites crash into the crust and spit up steam and
text: rain. The water collects into great oceans and seas. We
text: continue to soar high above the ground.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Another day passed. And the Earth
dialog: put forth tender grasses, seeds,
dialog: trees, fruit. All the green and
dialog: growing things.
dialog: And we see forests blooming and dying and blooming again
text: as the millennia rip by in seconds.
text: Now, we shoot into a pond. The so-called primordial soup
text: of creation. In the murky water we go microscopic. We
text: see the first proteins forming. We watch them dancing
text: around each other banging into each other, until two of
text: them connect -- a key and lock. They fold into each
dialog: other creating the first amino acids. The chains growing
text: longer and more complex, a helix appears, a double helix,
dialog: the birth of DNA.
text: And we pull back revealing a nucleus inside of a single
text: celled PROTOZOAN, now swinming with other protozoa,
dialog: hundreds of them, no maybe thousands, tens of thousands.
dialog: 75.
text: We follow one, eating, dividing, becoming something else,
dialog: something more complex, more cells, many cells, the first
dialog: multi-celled invertebrate.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And the waters brought forth
text: swarms of living creatures.
dialog: Soon there are vertebrates: fish, eels, all life under
text: the sea. We follow one creature and with each frame it
text: morphs into a new creature, a distant descendent,
text: evolving as time shoots by at unimaginable speeds. This
text: evolving creature swims underwater dodging other evolving
text: creatures. Above the surface of the water we catch
text: glimpses of dinosaurs ruling the planet.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: The great monsters of the deep
dialog: that are no more.
text: We dive deep into the coral-rich waters and pass by a
text: whale-like behemoth and alien squids from the deep sea
text: vents. Then we begin to rise, scattering schools of
text: gleaming fish.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And the multitudes of fish that
dialog: still swim beneath the seas.
dialog: Soon, too, the fowls let fly upon
dialog: the face of the heavens. And it
dialog: was good,
dialog: And we burst out of the waters to see vast flocks of
text: birds swinging across the skies.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And there was evening. And
dialog: morning. A Fifth Day.
dialog: And we still follow our direct ancestor as it slowly
dialog: crawls upon land. The first mammals, living between land
dialog: and sea. We see the dinosaurs bloom and die. Birds
text: multiply and fill the sky.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And the Earth brought forth the
dialog: living creatures, each after its
dialog: kind. Every thing that creepeth.
dialog: And every thing that crawleth. And
dialog: every beast that makes its way
dialog: upon the Earth.
dialog: And still our ancestor evolves. Moving away from the
dialog: water. Up through the chain of mammals. And soon our
text: distant primate fore-father swings through the trees
text: above the Earth. Some form of monkey. still evolving.
dialog: 76.
dialog: And the forest is filled with monkeys, cats, sloths,
dialog: butterflies, snakes, beetles, slugs, ants, peacocks,
text: porcupines and other creatures beyond number. A dazzling
text: array of species. A cornucopia of life-forms.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And it was good. It was all good.
dialog: There was light and air, soil and
dialog: water. All clean and unspoiled.
dialog: There were plants and fish, beast
dialog: and fowl. Each one after their
dialog: kind, all a part of the greater
dialog: whole. All had their place and
dialog: all was in balance. It was
dialog: paradise. A jewel in The
text: Creator’s palm.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And then came Man.
text: And we see now the first MAN. ADAM walks the Earth. He
text: glows with light so bright we can barely make out his
text: appearance or his nudity. He walks through a forest.
dialog: This is
speaker_heading: EDEN
text: And by his side is EVE.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: And by his side Woman. Father and
dialog: mother of us all.
text: She too glows with light. She leaves Adam’s side as
text: she’s pulled towards a strange light.
text: Through the woods in front of her are two trees glowing
text: with an internal magical light.
dialog: There’s the Tree of Good and Evil and the Tree of Life.
text: Eve is drawn to THE APPLE. She stares at it. And once
text: again, it hangs before us from a quivering twig.
text: Her hand reaches up and plucks the forbidden fruit.
text: Behind us we hear the CRUNCH.
text: And as this single shot ends, all slips into darkness.
text: 
speaker_heading: TT.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: With Noah’s voice.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: They ate from the forbidden fruit.
dialog: Their innocence extinguished.
text: RETURN TO:
speaker_heading: A HAND
text: Holds a stone. Cain kills Abel.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Brother against brother. Man
dialog: against the Earth.
dialog: Back to
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: And Noah fills the silence.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: We murdered eack other. We raped
dialog: the world. The Creator has judged
dialog: us.
text: Noah lights a match. In
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: His family stares at him, listening to his tale.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: We are the last men and women to
dialog: walk the earth. Children of Adam
dialog: and Eve. Inheritors of sin. But
dialog: we will not pass it on. Shem and
dialog: Ila shall bury me and your mother.
text: Naameh bows her head. Tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Ham shall bury them.
text: Noah’s voice cracks. Ham looks away, not buying it.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Then Japheth will lay his older
dialog: brother to rest. You, Japheth,
dialog: shall be the last man.
dialog: (MORE)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: NOAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Until in time, you too will return
dialog: to the dust. No more men and no
dialog: more women will ever be. The
dialog: creatures of the Earth, the world
dialog: itself, shall be safe.
text: Shem and Ila hold hands tightly. They understand.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I wish no man harm. No woman.
dialog: Each death grieves my heart. But
dialog: we must weigh those lives against
dialog: all creation. No matter. how
dialog: painful, we must carry this out.
text: Naameh reaches out to touch Noah’s arm.
text: Japheth stares up at him with wide open eyes.
text: Noah looks to Ham, reaches out a hand. dam just stares back.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I’m sorry for her. For you. I
dialog: AMs e+
text: Ham turns away, leaves the room.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Ham!
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: I’11 talk to him.
text: As Ila leaves, Naameh holds her husband tight.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: It was a hard thing, what you did.
dialog: All those souls. It’s done now.
dialog: It’s done.
dialog: And in the grip of his wife’s forgiveness and
text: understanding Noah’s body starts to shake. Months of icy
text: determination melting into release.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: HAM
text: Moving slowly through the
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: It is dark. Very dark. The sound of rain thunders down.
text: Ham spots Akkad sleeping behind some barrels. The
text: homemade bandage around his right thigh is drenched with
text: blood.
dialog: 79.
text: Slowly, so that Akkad will not wake, Ham lays some fresh
text: bandages and herbs by his side.
text: Akkad’s eyes snap open. He grabs Ham‘s wrist.
text: Ham freezes. Akkad swallows the pain in his leg.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Noah? He’s coming for me?
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: He doesn’t know you are here. I
dialog: didn’t tell him.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Why are you helping me?
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: You helped me.
text: Akkad nods. He releases Ham.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: I did. And your woman.
text: Ham grimaces. A beat, then Akkad gets it:
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: He left her behind, didn’t he?
text: Ham turns his face away.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: And you are famished for justice.
text: Ham looks back at Akkad. Yes.
text: Akkad smiles slowly.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: What’s your name?
dialog: Cur TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Return slowly to
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: The Ark teeters on a giant wave.
text: FADE TO:
dialog: ‘
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: Shem and Ila sleep entwined.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: JAPHETH’S HUT
text: The young boy cuts another line. Day thirteen.
text: CUT TO:
text: ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Sleet falls instead of rain. Sheets of thin ice form on
text: the sea. There is no land in sight.
text: The deck is frozen and precarious. Noah and Naameh hold
text: onto the bracing ropes. Their breaths are short and
text: shallow in the thin cold air.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Why won't it stop?
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Noah watches his breath smoke in the cold.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: The waters must have risen above
dialog: the tallest mountains now. They
dialog: all must be dead.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: All?
speaker_heading: NCAH
dialog: So why does it still rain?
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Perhaps there are other boats...
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: None could have survived the
dialog: storm. So what is The Creator
dialog: waiting for? When do the waters
dialog: drain and the new world begin?
dialog: Naameh has no answer.
dialog: cur To:
dialog: —
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: NOAH’S WORKSHOP
text: Shem searches the room for something.
text: He can’t find it. He takes a breath and starts over. He
text: lines all the tools up in a row.
dialog: cUT TOs
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: Shem continues to search.
dialog: Cur TO:
speaker_heading: ILA‘S HUT
text: Shem enters, still searching. Ila is inside, but
text: something is wrong. She is nauseous, puking into a bowl.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Are you all right?
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: Akkad sharpens a long AWL against a honing stone.
text: He holds the blade up.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: What else?
text: Ham takes out a few more tools out of his bag.
text: Akkad grins.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Only for-—
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: I will not harm your family, Ham.
dialog: Only him. Or he will surely kill
dialog: me. And he deserves it, doesn’t
dialog: he. For all those he left to die?
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: Naameh offers Ila a glass of water. Shem holds her hand.
dialog: 82.
text: Noah enters. He looks into her eyes, down her throat.
text: He feels her pulse, kisses her forehead.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: How long have you felt sick?
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Since yesterday.
text: Now, she is sick again. When she is done, Naameh wipes
text: her forehead. :
text: Noah pulls out some herbs and grinds them into her water.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: The tea will settle your stomach.
dialog: It is the motion of the waves.
dialog: Hard to get used to, but in a few
dialog: days, your mind will adjust.
text: Tla drinks the tea and rests back in Shem’s large arms.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: Ham enters with a bag of bread and vegetables. From the
text: doorway he sees Akkad stab a STRIPED GAZELLE in the neck.
text: Its sleeping partner doesn’t even stir.
text: Ham is stunned. He watches the blood pool on the ground.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: What do you mean?
text: He cuts out some raw meat and bites into it.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: We do not eat flesh.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: You’ve never eaten meat?
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: The Creator put the beasts in
dialog: Man’s care - they are precious.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: How your father deludes you! The
dialog: Creator meant us to eat them.
dialog: Look at our teeth. No. Better,
dialog: taste. Taste and tell me it is
dialog: not meant for eating.
dialog: 83.
text: Akkad holds out a slice of juicy meat. Ham stares.
text: Akkad nods. Ham gingerly nibbles at the meat. It is
dialog: delicious. A revelation.
text: He grabs the meat and starts to eat.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: Return to
speaker_heading: JAPHETH’S HUT
text: Japheth marks the thirty second day. He goes back and
text: counts the lines.
text: His pet lizard slips out of his hand. It scurries across
text: the ground and out of. his hut.
text: Japheth chases after it into
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: The lizard scurries away. Japheth is quick on its tail.
text: Naameh rushes past and almost trips over the creature.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Japheth.
text: But the ten year-old is gone.
text: Naameh hurries into
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: Shem plays a tune for Ila. He tries to calm her but she
text: is still nauseous. Naameh brings her some water.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANIMAL QUARTERS
text: Japheth searches for his pet.
text: cuUT TO:
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: Weapons line the fortified room. Ham carefully undresses
text: Akkad’s wound.
dialog: mo
dialog: g4.
text: Almost healed. Akkad takes a few steps. It bears his
dialog: weight.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Good enough. It is time.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: You are going to do it now?
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Not me. Us.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Us?
text: Ham looks at Akkad. What does he need to do?
text: cUT TO:
speaker_heading: NOAH’S WORKSHOP
text: Naameh walks in and sees Noah sifting through bottles and
text: vials of herbs, looking for something that might help.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Two weeks now, she has been ill.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: It doesn’t make sense.
text: Noah absently pulls out a vial. He looks at it. It will
text: not help. He starts to put it back. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Unless...
dialog: An idea. But, it can’t be. But then again, maybe...
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Couldn't be--
text: Noah grabs the vial, scrambles for a few other items.
speaker_heading: NAAMER
dialog: What is it?
text: Noah doesn’t answer. Driven now, he rushes out into
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: Naameh follows him into
speaker_heading: TLA’S HUT
dialog: 85.
text: Noah pours the contents of the vial into a bowl of water.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
dialog: Ham and Akkad talk.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Your father is a strong man. I am
dialog: injured. We have one advantage -
dialog: surprise. Bring him here. Alone,
dialog: cur TO:
text: Akkad ducks behind a wall. He lifts up the sharpened awl.
speaker_heading: ” AKKAD
dialog: One blow and it will be done.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: (afraid)
dialog: I do not know--
text: Akkad flashes with anger.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Decide now, once and for all. Are
dialog: you 4 Man? If you are then you
dialog: can kill.
text: Ham seems unsure. A lizard scurries through the room.
text: Ham chases after it into the
speaker_heading: ANIMAL QUARTERS
text: He corners the lizard and grabs it. He heads back.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: It’s my brother’s--
text: As he enters the
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: Akkad holds his hand over Japheth’s mouth.
text: Ham drops the lizard. The pet scurries away.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: EAM
dialog: Let him go.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: He will give us away.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: He won’t. Let him go.
dialog: (to his brother)
dialog: Quiet, Japheth. He is a friend.
text: Akkad lowers his hand. But Japheth can tell something is wrong.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: FATHER!
text: Akkad covers the boys mouth. Japheth bites into him.
text: Akkad lifts Japheth over his head ready to crush him
text: against the wall of The Ark.
text: Ham swings an awl into Akkad’s bad leg drawing blood.
text: Akkad in pain drops Japheth. Ham grabs his younger
text: brother’s hand and rushes through the
speaker_heading: ANIMAL QUARTERS
text: Ham looks back in terror. No one follows.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: Naameh finally gets what Noah is doing. Wide-eyed she
text: looks at Ila, then back at Noah.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: It can’t be.
text: Noah takes out a thin metal blade. He goes to Ila.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: What is it?
text: Noah doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Father?
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: How could it be?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: {to Ila)
dialog: Give me your finger.
dialog: 87.
text: Ila looks to her father for an explanation. None comes.
text: She gives him her hand. MNoah pricks her finger. Blood
text: bubbles onto her fingertip.
text: He drips blood into the bowl. He watches the blood drop
text: diffuse, turning the water a pale red.
text: Noah and Naameh stare into the bowl waiting, anxiously.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH (0.S.)
dialog: FATHER!
text: Noah turns. Japheth and Ham rush in.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: There is a man. He grabbed me!
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: What? Who is it?
text: Japheth looks at Ham.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (to Ham)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Akkad.
text: Noah’s face hardens.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Where is he?
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: NOAH‘’S WORKSHOP
text: Shem and Noah arm themselves.
text: CcUr TO:
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: Ham toys with his scrap of Na’eltamuk’s shirt. He paces,
text: unsure what to do, then rushes out.
text: Ila watches her mother stare into the bowl of water and
dialog: herbs.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: What does it say?
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: A minute, and we will know.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: ANIMAL QUARTERS
text: Noah and Shem march past the sleeping cargo into the
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
dialog: It is abandoned.
text: Shem spots a blood trail. They follow it a few feet and
text: it stops.
text: A drip hits the ground. They both look up. It’s coming
text: from up above, towards the roof.
text: CUI TO:
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: In the test bowl, the pale red water slowly turns yellow.
text: Naameh cannot believe her eyes. Then she figures it out.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: You saw grandfather.
text: Ila grasps to understand.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What did he do to you?
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: Why? Nothing.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Daughter, you are not sick.
dialog: You are pregnant.
text: Ila‘s jaw drops.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: But it is impossible.
text: Then she gets it. She starts to cry. Tears of joy.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 89.
text: ROOF OF THE ARK
text: The deck is covered with a sheen of black ice.
text: Hail and sleet thunder down on the dark sea.
text: Shem climbs out first. Akkad is waiting. -He smashes him
text: in the head with a plank. The young man goes down.
text: Noah leaps onto Akkad. Akkad is ready. His dagger cuts
text: into Noah’s stomach. But, Noah’s force smashes both men
text: into the hard deck. Weapons are knocked free and slip
dialog: into the sea.
text: Noah shoots away nursing his wound.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: You lied to me. You cheated me. You
dialog: cheated the human race. I should have
dialog: killed you a long time ago.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: You were too busy leading your
dialog: people astray.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: You are a shining example of
dialog: paternal leadership.
dialog: (firm)
dialog: Your own son hates you and wishes
dialog: to betray you.
text: Noah’s eyes tighten. He reaches for Akkad’s bison-horn
text: medallion and rips it from his neck.
text: Akkad leaps and tackles Noah. The horn slips from his
text: hand. The enemies wrestle on the icy deck.
text: A brutal fight to the finish.
text: At the edge of the roof, Akkad breaks free. He kicks
text: Noah in the face. Noah slips off the side of the ship.
text: But he grabs the slippery iedge.
text: He hangs for dear life as the ice cold sea laps at his feet.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: Naameh dumps the yellow liquid out the side of the Ark.
dialog: Ke
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: But it is his grandchild.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: You‘ve heard his beliefs. You
dialog: know his conviction. His
dialog: stubbornness.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: (getting hysterical)
dialog: Then what will we do?
dialog: NAAMEH :
dialog: He must not know. We have to hide
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: On this Ark. How? How can I hide
dialog: life inside me from father!?
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Start by hiding your tears.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Your blood betrayed you. So we
dialog: will give you mine.
text: Naameh reaches for the blade Noah used to draw blood.
text: CUT TO:
text: THE EDGE OF THE ARK’S ROOF
text: Akkad smirks at Noah who clings for his life.
speaker_heading: AKKAD
dialog: Know this as you die: first I will
dialog: kill your sons. Then I will take
dialog: your wife, your daughter. I will
dialog: sire a whole new army, with an
dialog: entire world at our mercy.
text: Akkad lifts his leg, poised to crush Noah’s fingers.
text: When suddenly, he stops. Blood trickles out of his
dialog: mouth,
text: He falls forward over Noah into the freezing sea.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
dialog: His death complete.
text: BACK UP ON:
text: 
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: THE ROOF
text: Ham, now a man, stands over Noah with the weapon that
dialog: murdered Akkad. It was the bison horn.
text: Noah hangs from the edge, his strength slipping.
text: Ham just watches.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: She was innocent father. She was
dialog: good.
text: He drops the horn into the sea and turns away.
text: Shem rushes up, conscious now.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Ham, father! Help him.
text: Ham doesn’t help. He keeps going.
text: Shem pulls Noah up.
text: Noah catches his breath as Shem notices the blood from
dialog: his father’s side.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: You‘re hurt.
text: Shem starts to apply pressure. Noah pushes Shem away and
text: rushes through the rain back into the Ark.
text: cuUT TO:
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: Naameh has filled the bowl with water and herbs again.
text: She takes the blade and cuts her own finger.
text: As she squeezes a drop of her blood into the bowl, Noah
text: enters soaked and dripping.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Ila stands up. She stares at her father. A protective
text: hand slides across her belly.
text: Shem enters and notices Ila’s hand.
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: Shem
text: Shem comes to her.
text: Naameh tries to change the subject.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: You’re hurt!
text: She moves to tend Noah. He pushes her away.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: It is true, isn’t it?
dialog: Ila can’t lie.
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: It’s a miracle father. A
dialog: blessing.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: What is going on?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: NOOOOO!
text: Noah smashes the bowl and storms out.
text: Ila smiles through her tears at Shem.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: You are to be a father.
text: Shem is deeply shocked, worried. But as he walks towards
text: Ila, joy bubbles up through his concern.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: It cannot be... must not be. The
dialog: Creator’s plan... father’s
dialog: work... We mustn’t... we are the
dialog: last. No babies.
text: He reaches Ila, touches her, bursts with love.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Our baby.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: Noah wrecks the room. He stomps around smashing all in
text: sight. Then he collapses to the ground and starts to
text: cry. At first small tears. Then deep sobs.
text: And as he cries the world shifts. The rain starts to
text: slow. At first we hear it: The pounding of water on
text: wood we’ve heard since the flood began starts to lighten.
text: Then we see it out the hatch: The rain just disappears.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: Shem kisses Ila’s belly. Her tears slow.
dialog: And then a deafening silence as 40 days of drumming rain
text: suddenly ceases. They rush into
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: Everyone crowds around the hatchway staring out at the
text: ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Noah stands in the cool dry air, staring at the horizon.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Father?
text: Noah turns to look at his family. His tears are gone.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: The rains have stopped. The
dialog: Creator smiles on our child.
dialog: Won’t you bless us, too?
dialog: A long beat.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: The rains have stopped because of
dialog: your child, yes. And if it is a
dialog: boy it shall receive my blessing.
dialog: He will take Japheth’s place, the
dialog: last man.
text: Noah pushes past them into the Ark. He pauses.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: But if it is a girl, a nascent
dialog: mother, then it must die.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Are you mad!? This is my child!
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Should you bear a girl - in the
dialog: moment of her birth I will cut her
dialog: down.
text: Ila screams in horror.
text: Noah collapses to one knee. Then, he crumples to the
dialog: ground. Quickly, everything
text: FADES TO BLACK.
dialog: 94,
dialog: Until
speaker_heading: A HAND
text: Carries a stone. Brother kills brother. In
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: Once again we hear CRIES, SHOUTS, SCREAMS of death, war,
dialog: and brutality.
text: The CACOPHONY becomes DISSONANCE. The DISSONANCE becomes
text: WHITE NOISE.
text: It bangs
speaker_heading: NOAH
text: Into consciousness for a moment. Then, he slides back
text: into the throes of his own personal fever.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: No. Please, no.
text: Naameh tends him. But even she can’t stop him from
text: FADING INTO BLACKNESS.
dialog: And these words emerge:
dialog: Genesis 7.17
dialog: And the waters prevailed so mightily upon the Earth that
dialog: all the high mountains under the whole heaven were
text: covered. All in whose nostrils was the breath of life
dialog: had died. Only Noah remained alive, and they that were
text: with him in the Ark.
dialog: Return to
speaker_heading: NOAH’S HUT
text: Slowly he wakes. WNaameh notices. She comes to him.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: There you are. Feeling better.
text: Noah is. Then he remembers Ila. He sits up quickly.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Tla.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: She is fine. Upset by what you
dialog: said. I told her it was the
dialog: fever.
text: Noah looks at his wife. He is completely serious.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: You know it was not.
text: Naameh’s face falls. She dared hope, but she knew.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Could you really do this thing?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Enough!! I do what I must!
text: Noah gets up and leaves Naameh to stare in shock.
dialog: In the
speaker_heading: HEARTH
text: Shem watches Noah storm to his workshop.
text: Naameh scurries into Ila’s hut. Shem follows.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: NOAH’S WORKSHOP
text: Noah holds his face against the pain of it all.
text: He opens Og’s box. He looks at the branch inside.
text: He hears TIla’s cries as she hears Naameh’s news.
text: He closes the box and puts it away.
text: CUT TO:
text: ON THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Ila stares at the horizon. All is covered with sea.
text: Shem comes up behind her and puts an arm on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: What will we do?
dialog: \
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: our father is a monster. I do not
dialog: know.
text: Ila doesn’t lcok at him. She just stares out.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Your hands built this Ark.
text: Shem nods.
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: Build another. For us. Us three.
text: Shem latches onto the idea. He starts Looking around,
text: planning. He yanks a plank up off of the Ark.
text: Ila just stares out. All still covered with sea.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: Return to
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: Shem builds furicusly. The frame of a twenty foot boat
dialog: is taking shape.
text: Shem looks over at Ila. She is five months pregnant.
text: Her eyes fill him with strength.
text: She senses someone. Shem looks. It is Noah, watching.
text: His sunken eyes and protruding cheeks retreat into the
text: darkness.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: Only these words:
dialog: Genesis 7.23
dialog: And the waters prevailed upon the Earth one hundred and
dialog: fifty days.
text: FADE IN ON:
dialog: 97.
text: 
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: Shem sands the hull of the finished boat. Ham enters.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: He will not just let you go.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: What else can we do?
text: Shem sees the hate in Ham’s eyes. Shem shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: No. Not that.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Not yet.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: Ila is seven months pregnant. Shem massages her feet,
speaker_heading: . TILA
dialog: coal Let’s go now. Get away from him.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: We won’t last long in that boat.
dialog: If we do not find land we will
dialog: starve. We should wait ‘til the
dialog: last moment, then go.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: I don’t know. I want to risk the
dialog: seas.
text: He holds her.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Let’s eat now.
text: They exit into
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: Naameh serves a meal. The family eats silently. She
text: takes a plate a food and walks out onto
text: THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Noah sits alone. Eyes shut he thinks.
text: 
dialog: 98.
text: Naameh offers him the food.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Eat. You need to eat.
text: He does not take it.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: You have not eaten in weeks.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: How can I?
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: You could relent.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: It is not my choice.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Grandfather said it is.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Grandfather? He’s cursed me!
dialog: Does he know the Creator’s will?
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Do you?
text: Noah laughs to himself.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Do I? Look. Look out at our world.
text: Noah points to edge of the Earth.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: I don’t see anything.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Exactly. And you won’t until Ila gives
dialog: birth. The rain stopped months ago.
dialog: Yet the waters remain. Why? Because
dialog: He must be sure the new world will be
dialog: as He intends. That I will do what I
dialog: must do. If you love them do not let
dialog: them go. There is no land. They will
dialog: die out there.
text: Noah tosses his plate of food into the sea.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: How can you be sure?
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Sure?!
text: Noah looks up to the sky. He gets an idea.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I will show you.
text: Noah storms into
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: The family still eats. Noah stops to look at his kin.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Japheth. Come, help me.
text: Japheth looks at his father, at Ila, at Ham. Ham shrugs.
text: Noah slips into the darkness. Japheth follows.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: NOAH’S WORKSHOP
text: Japheth helps Noah chop and mix herbs on his work table.
text: Noah collects the mixture in a bowl.
dialog: cur Tos
speaker_heading: ANIMAL QUARTERS
text: Noah walks swiftly through the great hall of sleeping
text: creatures. Japheth behind him.
text: Noah climbs up until he finds the sleeping ravens. He
text: peels the male RAVEN from its mate.
text: It sleeps in his arms as he pets it.
text: With a stone flint he shoots a spark onto the herbal mix.
text: It smokes as it burns. Noah blows a thin stream of smoke
text: into the Raven’s nostrils.
text: Slowly the Raven wakes. The Raven SQUAWKS.
text: Noah carries it back to
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: His family looks at them. The Raven SQUAWKS again.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (explains)
dialog: The raven. Perhaps The Creator’s most
dialog: intelligent winged creature. And keen
dialog: eyesight to match. If there is land
dialog: out there - he will find it.
text: Ila and Shem look at each other.
text: Noah walks out. Everyone but Ham follows him out onto
text: THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Noah raises the bird out on an outstretched hand. He
text: shoots it off into the air. The Raven takes flight.
text: It circles the Ark once and then flaps off to a distant
text: horizon.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: Return to
text: THE MIDDLE OF THE SEA
text: Looking back at the Ark. No rain. No wind. No waves.
text: Aix, sea and sky all gray and still and flat.
text: Rising up off the water, tne Raven shoots past us
dialog: returning home.
text: ON THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Japheth waits. He keeps himself busy with a stick.
text: He senses something, looks up. The Raven approaches.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: THE RAVEN! If’S COME BACK!
text: Everyone rushes out. Ila carries a huge weight and is
dialog: extremely tired.
text: Noah walks to the edge of the roof and stretches out his
text: hand. The Raven lands on his forearm. It blinks.
text: He examines its feet.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: No mud. No dirt. Nothing.
dialog: (to Naameh)
text: The Creator waits for the birth.
text: The Raven flaps down to the roof. Noah goes inside.
text: Tla cries on Shem’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Shh now. Courage. When it is our
dialog: child’s time, we will be away from
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: Away? There’s nowhere for us to
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: We will find a way. I promise.
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: (tearful, hopeful,
dialog: desperate)
dialog: Maybe it will be a boy?
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Maybe. But Noah shall never know.
text: After a moment.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Come, inside now.
text: Shem leads her inside. She can’t stop crying.
text: Japheth watches them go. He looks over at the Raven. He
text: bends to pick it up but the big black bird snaps at him.
dialog: curt To:
speaker_heading: NOAH’S WORKSHOP
text: Japheth sneaks inside. He picks up the bowl of herbs and
text: a flint stone and heads into the
speaker_heading: ANIMAL QUARTERS
text: He looks at the different birds. So many to choose from.
text: Then he spots the doves. Our DOVE.
text: He sparks the incense. He blows smoke toward the Dove.
dialog: 102.
text: Slowly, the bird awakes. It ruffles it’s feathers.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: Ila rests, still erying.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH (0.S.)
dialog: Sister?
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Japheth.
text: The young boy enters with the Dove.
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: My dove? You woke it.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Father will be angry.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: Angrier than he already is?
text: Ila accepts this.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: The raven is smart, maybe too smart.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: Maybe he sees all the water and gives
text: up. The dove is more simple. His eyes
dialog: are. not as good as the raven’s but he
dialog: always flies home. He will never give
dialog: up until he gets there. Maybe he will
dialog: go further and find us land.
dialog: She doesn’t hold much faith in the idea, but her
text: brother’s love have dried her tears. She hugs him.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Thank you, brother.
dialog: cur To:
dialog: \
dialog: 7
text: 
dialog: 103.
text: THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Japheth walks out into the daylight. The Raven SQUAWKS
text: at him. He ignores it and let’s the Dove go,
text: The bird flies straight and true towards the setting sun.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE ARK
text: At night, floating on a black sea. No stars only clouds.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
dialog: Everyone sleeps. The animals sleep. The reptiles, the
dialog: birds, the mammals - everything.
text: Noah sleeps on the floor in his workshop.
text: Naameh sleeps alone on a bed made for two.
text: Japheth sleeps on the roof of the Ark waiting for the
text: Dove. His lizard curled up at his side.
dialog: Ham sleeps. Shem sleeps too.
text: In all creation, only Ila is awake. Out in a corner of
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: She squats in pain. Her forehead covered with sweat.
text: She swallows a cry of pain. Terror lights her eyes.
text: In
speaker_heading: ILA‘’S HUT
text: Shem suddenly wakes. He feels for his mate. Nothing.
text: He shoots up in bed and looks around.
text: He scurries into
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: In the darkness he spots her sweat stained face. He
text: rushes to her. Ila’s eyes tell him everything.
text: CUT TO:
text: 
dialog: 104,
speaker_heading: HAM‘’S HUT
text: Shem covers Ham’s mouth and shakes him awake. Whispers:
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: It’s time.
text: Ham nods.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: With pulleys the brothers hoist the raft into the sea.
text: The splash wakes Japheth up on the roof.
text: The boy locks down and sees Shem checking the small boat
text: for leaks. Japheth scans the sky for the Dove.
text: ON SHEM’S BOAT
text: Everything seems set. Dawn arrives through the clouds.
text: He signals silently to Ham.
text: Ham rushes into
speaker_heading: ILA’S HUT
text: Naameh holds Ila’s hand. She cools her brow with a wet
dialog: cloth.
text: Ham and Naameh help Ila up.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: NOAH’S WORKSHOP
text: Sure enough Noah is awake. His face is filled with
dialog: absolute conviction.
text: AT THE:
text: EDGE OF THE HEARTH
text: Shem beckons Ila into the boat. Naameh starts to cry.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Fear not mother. We shall find
dialog: each other in the new world.
dialog: 105,
text: They hug. Shem beckons again but something catches his
text: eye.
text: A tiny HERRING FISH leaps onto deck. It flaps around
text: trying to breathe.
text: Shem is bewildered. He reaches to pick it up when
text: another fish leaps on board.
text: CUT TO:
text: THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Japheth spots a speck on the horizon. The dove?
text: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: THE RAFT
text: Shem stares at the dying fish.
dialog: Beat.
text: Ten more jump on board. Then, a whole school.
text: He panics.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: (to Tla)
dialog: Get back!
text: He looks over the side of the boat.
text: From the dark purple sea a shape rises towards him.
text: He leaps for the pulley ropes just as a giant ORCA
text: smashes through the bow of the escape boat.
text: A pod of whales follow close behind, cresting out of the
text: sea everywhere, reducing the raft to splinters.
text: Shem safely hangs on a rope. He scampers up into
speaker_heading: THE HEARTH
text: Ila hugs him. He hugs back. Scared.
text: The whales cry out as if talking to Noah. Shem sees his
text: father watching. His anger grows but:
speaker_heading: JAPHETH (0.S.)
dialog: The Dove: The Dove!
text: From
text: 
dialog: 106.
text: THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: They hear Japheth scream. Everyone rushes outside.
text: The exhausted bird fights to maintain altitude. It
text: sinks, almost hits the water, then fights to get air.
text: As it gets closer a wind picks up. JIla’s hair blows in
text: the gust. The still waters of the sea are pushed into
text: choppy foam.
text: The Dove is buoyed the last few yards towards the Ark.
text: It collapses onto the deck. Japheth rushes over.
text: He picks up the bird. It pants, its chest heaves. He.
text: examines the feet. Clean, no mud. Nothing there.
text: Ila reads her young brother’s body language.
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: Nothing.
text: Satisfied, Noah returns inside.
text: Shem picks up a long wooden pole. Ham sees the fury.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: We do it now!
text: Shem descends upon Noah. Ham follows with clenched fists.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Boys, NO!
dialog: Outside of
speaker_heading: NOAH’S WORKSHOP
text: Shem swings for the back of Noah’s neck. An inch from
text: impact, Noah is ready. He spins around, blocks the
text: weapon, twists his son’s wrist, tosses him to the ground.
text: With Shem’s pole, he trips Ham and ping him down.
text: Noah plants a knee onto the center of Shem’s chest.
text: He stares into his son’s helpless eyes.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Tf it is a boy, it can live. But
dialog: if it is a girl, it must die.
text: Noah tosses Shem aside and disappears into his workshop.
dialog: 107.
text: } Shem tries to go in after him but Naameh and Ila hold him
dialog: - back.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: No, Shem, no.
dialog: Just, then
text: UNDER THE SEA
text: The bottom of the ARK SCRAPES against an undersea
dialog: mountaintop.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: The jolt tosses everyone around. Ila screams as she hits
text: the ground.
text: Shem rushes to her side.
speaker_heading: TLA
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: We’ve run aground.
text: Noah leaps out of his workshop. He rushes off to check
dialog: the Ark. .
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Oh my...
text: Water leaks out from between her legs.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: It‘s begun.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Mother. What’s happening?
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Your water has broken.
text: The baby moves under the sxin of Ila’s belly.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: This can’t be, it’s too goon.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: j Calm down daughter. It’s not too
dialog: aa soon. It’s time.
text: Shem springs to action. He looks to his brother.
text: 
dialog: 108,
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Help me take her down!
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Where?
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: Akkad’s old hideaway has been updated by Shem and Ham.
text: The room is now a substantial defense. It is stocked
dialog: with supplies.
text: Shem and Ham carry Ila into a small
speaker_heading: BIRTHING HUT
text: Naameh follows them in, surprised by what she sees.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: What’s all this?
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: I knew he wouldn’t let them go.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: We built it just in case.
dialog: (softly to Ila)
dialog: We will be safe here. We are
dialog: armed and no one will touch you or
dialog: our baby.
text: Ila lets out her first cry of labor. The boys set her
text: down on a mattress.
text: Naameh cleans her hands. Then, she reaches under the
text: blanket and into Ila. She focuses on what she feels.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: All right. It is time. Baby is
dialog: coming.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: No, what do you mean? Please
dialog: mother. He’s going to take my
dialog: baby.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: He won’t take our child.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Make it stop, make it--
text: 4
text: 
dialog: 109.
text: A huge wave of pain comes. Ila grunts. It passes.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Please mother. Please, keep it inside.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: It’s coming, daughter. Don’t
dialog: think about anything else. Shem
dialog: will protect us,
text: Naameh hands her the blanket.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Bite down on this. When the pain
dialog: comes, don’t scream, try to bite
dialog: on this.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: (confident)
dialog: She can scream. I am ready.
text: Shem goes outside to prepare. As another contraction
text: arrives we
dialog: Cur TO:
text: THE BOTTOM OF THE SHIP
text: Noah examines the point of impact. Water slowly sprays
text: into the ship.
dialog: cur To:
speaker_heading: BIRTHING HUT
text: Ila tries to bite the blanket but she can’t help herself
text: and she howls.
text: The whole ship hears it.
text: DEEP IN THE ARK
text: We hear her howls. The cries of childbirth echo past the
text: sleeping animals and throughout the great ship.
text: AT:
text: THE BOTTOM OF THE SHIP
text: Noah hears the cries. He lowers his eyes for he knows
dialog: what he may soon have to do.
dialog: cur TO:
text: 
dialog: ilo.
speaker_heading: BIRTHING HUT
text: Japheth rushes in terrified by the cries. He claws at
dialog: his mother wishing for comfort. .
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Go outside son, outside.
text: But Japheth won’t budge. Ila, between contractions now, sees
text: Naameh’s concern and Japheth’s fear. She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Sweet Japheth. Will you help me?
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: (through tears)
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Bring me your bird.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Yest Go bring your sister what
text: she asks.
text: Japheth goes. A contraction hits Ila. She wrestles with
dialog: the pain. Outside in the
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: Shem and Ham lower sharpened spears into a pit trap.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: NOAH’S WORKSHOP
text: Noah cleans his body, hands, and feet in a basin of cold
text: water. He puts on a fresh clean robe.
text: He straps a long sharp dagger to his waist.
text: Another of Ila’s screams slices through the ship.
text: Noah kneels on the ground and clasps his hands, He prays
text: silently. Finally, we can just make out the words:
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Please, please, let it be a boy.
text: BACK IN THE:
dialog: tit.
speaker_heading: BIRTHING HUT
dialog: Japheth returns with the Dove. Ila, between
text: contractions, looks up at her baby brother.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Japheth, sweet brother. Take her
dialog: to the roof and let her fly for
dialog: home. One more time. Beg her to
dialog: help. And wait for her. Don’t
dialog: leave. You’ve got to stay up
dialog: there and watch for her to return.
dialog: Can you do that for me? I know
dialog: you can.
text: Japheth swells with pride.
text: We follow Japheth through the Ark as he rushes past the
text: OUTSIDE OF NOAH‘S WORKSHOP
text: He almost smashes into his father. Japheth ignores him.
text: Noah watches his son go. Noah carries a huge basket
text: filled with mixed herbs down into the bowels of the ship.
text: ON:
text: THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: The gray clouds glow with sun. Japheth rushes outside
dialog: with the Dove.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: Go now. Go find a safe place for
dialog: my sister.
text: He releases the bird into the sky. The Dove circles high
text: above the Ark.
text: Then, it flies off straight as an arrow.
text: CUT TO:
text: THE MIDDLE OF THE SEA
text: The Ark floats in the distance. We rise off of the water
text: and watch the Dove shoot past.
dialog: Ila’s cries bring us back to the
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: BIRTHING HUT
text: Naameh offers Ila some water. Labor is now deep upon the
text: young woman.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANIMAL QUARTERS
text: Noah sparks his flint into the basket of herbs. They
text: quickly start to smolder.
text: Thick smoke rushes up inte the Ark.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SHEM’S FORT
text: Armed, Shem paces back and forth like a caged animal.
dialog: Waiting to protect his love.
text: Ham crouches behind a barrel. He waits perfectly focused
text: and still. The awl clenched in white-tipped fingers.
text: Shem peeks out the door. still no sign of his father.
text: CUT TO:
text: ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Japheth stares at the horizon. The Dove is long gone.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH (0.S.)
dialog: It’s coming. Shem!
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BIRTHING HUT
text: Shem rushes in. Naameh is wild-eyed. So is Shem. They
text: stare between Ila’s legs.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Careful now. I can feel the top
dialog: of the head. There you see it?
text: Shem doesn’t know how to answer.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: I can’t, I can’t do this.
dialog: \
dialog: a
text: 
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: You can. You will. When you feel
dialog: you have to push. You push.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: I love you.
text: And then it happens. Ila feels the need to push. She
text: bears down.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: (to Shem)
dialog: Go on now. He will be coming.
text: Shem steps out into the
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: And stands ready by the main door. In his hiding place,
text: Ham closes his eyes and tightens his grip.
text: BACK IN THE:
speaker_heading: BIRTHING HUT
text: Naameh can’t help but laugh.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: I can feel it. I can feel the
text: head. It’s coming out.
text: Tla is rocked by a contraction.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Push!
dialog: And Ila does.
text: IN THE:
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: Shem waits, TIla’s cries in the background.
text: Then he spots his father. Noah stands silently on the
text: other side of the wall of spears.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Son. Let me pass.
text: 
text: 
text: 
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: I will not.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I do not wish to harm you.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: It is my baby!
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: It threatens every creature on
dialog: this boat.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: It? You mean your grandchild? My
dialog: first born? Just leave us be!
text: Noah almost grins.
dialog: And then we hear a newborn CRY!
text: Noah gets extremely serious. He shuts his eyes. A
text: moment of reflection. Then, he looks at his son.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Please. You cannot stop us.
text: Shem excited by the sound of fatherhood responds by
text: unleashing a sword.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: (unsure)
dialog: Us?
text: But Noah has retreated into the darkness of the Ark.
text: CcUr TO:
speaker_heading: BIRTHING HUT
text: Naameh smiles broadly as she hands the newborn baby to
text: her mother. Ila sobs.
text: BACK IN THE:
speaker_heading: STORAGE ROOM
text: Shem watches the hallway, not sure where Noah went.
text: He nervously screams into the lean-to.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: Is it a boy? What is it?
text: INSIDE THE:
dialog: a
dialog: Nice”
dialog: oa
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: BIRTHING HUT
text: Ila looks up at Naameh - what is it?
speaker_heading: NAAMER
dialog: (to Ila)
dialog: I didn’t look.
text: And Naameh peeks beneath the blanket keeping the baby
text: warm. We do not see the sex, but by the look on Naameh’s
dialog: face the news is not good.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: Oh no.
text: Naameh tries to lie the best she can.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: (shouting to Shem)
dialog: It’s a boy!
speaker_heading: SHEM’S FORT
text: Shem can barely believe his ears.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: A boy? A boy?!
speaker_heading: NAAMEH (0.S.)
dialog: Yes a boy!
text: Shem sees Noah approaching down the hall.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: It is a boy. Stop. It is a boy.
text: But Noah strides forward. And now, Shem hears the sounds
text: of the Ark awakening behind him.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANIMAL QUARTERS
text: We watch the creatures rise from their slumber. They
text: stumble to their hooves, their paws, their flippers.
text: Eyes open, they stretch and yawn and let out their
text: morning cries.
text: BACK UP IN:
dialog: ‘
text: 
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: THE STORAGE ROOM
text: Noah pushes forward.
text: Ham watches from his hiding place.
text: As Noah passes, Ham rises up, murderous AWL in hand. The
text: blade rushes down towards the back of Noah’s head.
dialog: This is not about stopping Noah. Not about saving the
dialog: baby. This is about hatred and revenge.
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: AHHHHHH!
text: But from the darkness of the Ark something comes.
text: Two hulking three-horned RHINOS charge Ham. One tosses
text: Ham into a wall. He collapses out cold.
text: The Rhinos charge on. They smash apart Shem’s wall of
text: spears but the trap surprises them. They tumble down
text: into the pit of spikes. Their species forever extinct.
text: Just on the tail of the rhinos is a myriad of species two
text: by two. They storm the fortress.
text: The BIRDS and BATS and flying INSECTS reach Shem first.
text: He swings at them but they teem about, confusing and
text: disorienting him.
text: Shem’s swinging traps impale one of two giant predator
text: CATS. The other one leaps onto Shem’s chest.
text: Shem pulls out a new blade and stabs the cat in its
text: lungs. He tosses the carcass aside.
text: Noah moves forward surrounded by the swarm of creatures
dialog: attacking Shem.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: IT’S A BO¥! A BOY!!! STOP!
text: Noah keeps coming. Shem pulls a trigger unleashing darts
text: and arrows at Noah. The flying creatures sacrifice
text: themselves. Many die. Noah keeps walking.
text: Two SPOTTED WOLVES charge. Shem retreats into
speaker_heading: THE BIRTHING HUT
text: And he sees his beautiful child for the first time. But
text: something is wrong. Ila and Naameh are both crying.
dialog: an
dialog: ad
dialog: 117,
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Isn’t she beautiful?
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: She?
text: For a moment he chokes up.
text: As he pulls himself together and hoists another weapon
text: the hut is yanked apart.
text: Two giant RIDGE-BACKED PRIMATES rip the hut to pieces.
text: The morning glow from outside shines on Ila and the
dialog: child.
text: The primates descend on Shem and push him to the ground.
text: The wolves growl at and bite Shem until all he can do is
text: crawl up into a defensive ball in the corner.
text: Noah stops before Ila. Naameh pounds on his chest.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: It’s a boy for mercy’s sake. A BOY!
text: Noah lowers his sobbing wife to the floor. Two giant
text: FANGED HOGS pin her gently to the ground.
dialog: And now there’s just Noah and Ila.
text: Ila shivers in the dawn. The pain of childbirth still
text: rattles her inner core. she holds the baby tight.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Is it a girl?
text: Ila can’t lie. She tears up.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Please father.
dialog: NOAH : .
dialog: I am sorry.
text: The snakes on board hiss in. They grab her limbs and
text: tighten spreading her down to the ground.
text: Shem tries to do something but he is beaten back by the
text: living breathing animals wandering everywhere.
text: Ila is pinned.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: No. No!
text: Noah takes the child. His grandchild. He undresses her.
text: It is a girl. Tears in his eyes. He swallows them down,
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I am sorry daughter. I am so
dialog: sorry:
text: He turns his back to Ila. He takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: I beg you please, I beg you-—~
text: He pulls out his dagger.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Ple-- Abhhh!
text: Ila screams. Noah lifts the blade, then stops.
text: Something is wrong. Ila cries from pain, not anguish.
text: He looks back at her.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: What?
text: Naameh realizes first.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Another. A twin! A twin!
text: Noah looks at the baby in his arm. He looks at the
text: blade. He does not know what to do. The snakes let her
text: loose. Noah moves towards Ila.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Get away from me! You monster!
dialog: Away!
text: She tries to back away. A wall of pain hits Ila, she
text: nearly passes out.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Let me help her.
text: Noah looks at the pigs. They release Naameh.
text: She crawls to Ila.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: A boy. Please a grandson.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: It’s coming.
text: And Ila pushes hard. Shem cries.
speaker_heading: NOAR
dialog: Please. Please. Please.
dialog: 119.
text: Naameh pulls the baby out. And she starts to sob. Noah
text: looks at Naameh, he understands.
text: But he forces the tears down. He reaches down and takes
text: the second newborn child. He holds both babies in one
text: arm. They wail relentlessly. Their screams are
dialog: piercing.
text: He picks them up and walks out of the room.
text: Ila reaches for him, but she is exhausted, too weak to stand.
dialog: cur TO:
text: THE ROOF OF THE ARK
text: Noah walks to the edge of the Ark and stares out at the
text: sea. The clouds are dark and gently churning.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Forgive me.
text: He collects himself and pulls out the blade. The knife
text: hesitates and vibrates in the air.
text: The babies scream and scream and scream.
speaker_heading: ILA (0.8.)
dialog: (quietly and gently)
dialog: Father.
text: He turns and sees his daughter. She stands behind him.
dialog: Weak but firm.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Please child. Go. You don’t need
dialog: to see this.
text: Ila drags herself forward, step by step.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You cannot stop me.
text: Ila is close now. She looks at the screaming wailing
text: children in her father’s arms.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: They’re crying. Don’t let them
dialog: die crying. Please. I can’t stop
dialog: you. Iwon’t. Just- let me hold
dialog: them? Calm them for a moment.
dialog: Please? Let them die calm?
text: Noah looks at Ila. She is telling the truth. ‘The
text: children wail uncontrollably.
text: 
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Let them know a moment of peace.
text: Noah nods. Ila steps forward and takes the children.
text: She holds the twins tightly.
text: Shem and Naameh stumble onto deck and stare. With the
text: babies in her arms, Ila drops to her knees. She stares
text: down at them, rocking slowly back and forth. Laughing,
text: crying.
text: And then Ila starts to hum.
text: Her voice rises up from a place of comfort so deep she
text: doesn’t know its source. And she starts to sing:
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Sleep my child.
dialog: Surrender to the wild.
dialog: Find your breath.
dialog: Find your peace.
dialog: Sleep my child,
dialog: Surrender to the wild.
dialog: Find your breath.
dialog: Find your peace...
text: Noah recognizes the song. It is the same tune he sang to
dialog: his children. The same tune he sang to Ila as a little
text: girl when her belly was bleeding and full of fear.
dialog: The song calmed Ila then and it calms her daughters now.
text: She rocks and sings. The infants whimper and soon they
text: fall silent. Calm and at peace they stare up at their
dialog: mother.
text: Tears stream down her face, Ila holds out her arms to
text: Noah. She offers up the quiet babies to his dagger.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Do it now. Do it quickly.
text: Noah looks down at his daughter kneeling before him,
dialog: offering her children, willing to hold them and watch
text: them die in her arms rather than let them suffer.
text: She looks up at Noah with a pleading face. A tear in her
text: eye refracts sunlight. A rainbow in a drop of salty
text: water as it beads and falls.
text: Noah turns and looks at the skies. His eyes narrow from
text: the brightness. The clouds have finally separated and
text: blue sky pokes through.
text: He watches as a rainbow emerges out from this air.
dialog: Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet stretch
text: down from the heavens into the shining sea.
dialog: &
dialog: 121.
text: The knife drops. It clangs against the floor of the Ark,
text: Ila looks up. She sees her broken father. Crying.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (to himself, to the Creator)
dialog: Iocan’t. I can’t do it. I am
dialog: sorry. I am so sorry.
text: Ila hugs the babies against her bosom. Shem holds tight
text: onto his woman and children.
text: Naameh reaches out for Noah, but he stumbles off.
text: And then Japheth comes running.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: There! There! There she is!
text: Everyone looks.
text: It is the Dove. He flies straight and strong.
text: Japheth holds out his hand.
text: The Dove lands in his palm. In its beak an olive twig,
dialog: green leaves white flowers.
speaker_heading: JAPHETH
dialog: Land! He found it!
text: Tla smiles at her younger brother.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Yes. He found it.
text: Behind her, entering
speaker_heading: THE DARK ARK
text: Goes Noah. He heads into the belly of the ship.
text: His family celebrates behind him.
dialog: cur To:
speaker_heading: NOAH’S WORKSHOP
text: Noah closes the door in his workshop. Defeated. He sits
text: heavily.
text: He cries out in anguish and punches the air.
dialog: d
text: 
dialog: 122.
text: Og’s box falls by itself to the floor. It smashes open
text: and the old gnarled branch rolls to Noah’s feet.
dialog: The branch has new life. Fresh green leaves have
text: sprouted from the old grey wood.
text: SLOW FADE TO:
speaker_heading: FORESTED MOUNTAIN
text: The same gnarled branch. Now the root of a huge grape
text: vine teeming with fruit. Butterflies, bees, and
text: hummingbirds buzz around it.
text: A foot steps in front.
dialog: It is Ham’s foot.
text: Ham wears a big pack. It looks like he is heading off on
dialog: a long trip.
text: He looks around him. There is a grape arbor. And a wine-
text: press. Some empty jugs.
text: He holds a knife in his hand.
dialog: cur To:
speaker_heading: EDEN
dialog: Or what Eden must have been like in its first moments of
dialog: creation.
text: The waters have retreated. The Ark leans against a
text: mountain top decaying. The sides of the Ark have been
text: ripped down.
text: Animals roam freely. Birds fill the sky.
text: A new forest has taken seed. The buds of an approaching
text: Spring burst forth boldly from young trees.
text: A small camp around a small fire.
text: Ila and Shem hold the young twins. They are wrapped warm
text: from the dissipating cold. Japheth is fascinated with
dialog: the girls.
text: Naameh is busy working, cooking. She looks up concerned.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Ham?
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: FORESTED MOUNTAIN
text: Ham looks down in the grass at his father. Noah is
text: drunk and naked, surrounded by empty jugs.
text: He shivers, wakes.
text: He spots his middle son. He reaches out for him.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Ham?
text: Ham looks down at his father, with anger and bitterness.
text: He grips the knife in his hand.
text: Then Noah passes out again. A sad and drunken man.
text: Ham’s grip on the knife loosens. He puts it away.
text: He drops something on Noah’s naked chest.
text: It is the scrap of cloth from Na’elmatuk’s shirt.
text: Ham looks around again. He shoulders his pack and walks
text: off. He isn’t coming back.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE SMALL CAMP
dialog: Shem and Naameh talk.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Better check up there.
speaker_heading: SHEM
dialog: With father? It’s the last place
dialog: Ham would go.
speaker_heading: NAAMEH
dialog: Still. Better look.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: I will go.
text: Shem looks surprised.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: It’s time I went. Saw him.
text: Shem nods. He understands.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: a,
dialog: 124,
speaker_heading: FORESTED MOUNTAIN
text: Noah is awake now. Sitting up. His naked back to us.
text: Ila approaches. He senses her but does not look.
text: She covers him with a blanket. She pulls it around him.
text: He looks'at her. Doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: They‘re looking for Ham.
text: Noah shows her the scrap. She knows what it means.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Gone.
dialog: Silence for awhile.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Ila, I...
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: There is no need to say anything.
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: I have failed Him. All this. I
dialog: was too weak to save it.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Is that what He tells you?
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: He does not speak to me anymore.
text: Silence for a long beat, as father and daughter sit side
dialog: by side.
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: They are beautiful girls. They’d
dialog: like to know their grandfather.
dialog: I‘d like them to.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: After what I tried to do?
speaker_heading: ILA
dialog: Yes. I think you have a lot to
dialog: teach them. About the world
dialog: around them and how to live in it.
dialog: Maybe if you give them your wisdom
dialog: they will do better with their
dialog: world then we did with ours.
dialog: (
text: 
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Maybe.
dialog: A moment for father and daughter.
text: The sun hangs low in the sky. It will be dark soon.
text: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE SMALL CAMP
text: Ila and Noah stand looking down on the camp. MNaameh,
text: Japheth, and Shem play with the little twins. It is an
text: idyllic scene.
text: Tla starts down. Noah pauses.
text: She looks back at her old father for a long beat.
text: She holds out her hand to him.
text: He hesitates.
text: Then takes it.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: And these words to end:
speaker_heading: GENESIS 9
dialog: And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them: “Be
dialog: fruitful and multiply, and fill the earth.
dialog: And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be on
dialog: every beast of the earth and every bird of the air, on
dialog: all that move on the earth, and all the fish in the sea.
dialog: Unto your hand are they delivered.”
dialog: Return to darkness and the end.
text: 
text: 
