speaker_heading: NORMAN
scene_heading: THE MODERATE RISE AND TRAGIC FALL OF A NEW YORK FIXER
dialog: 
dialog: by
dialog: Joseph Cedar
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - EARLY MORNING 2
text: It is still dark outside.
text: The CNN clock over Columbus Circle shows: 5:25am.
text: NORMAN OPPENHEIMER (60) is standing next to a_bench
text: Central Park. He has EARPHONES in both ears. In his hand we
text: notice a METAL BUSINESS CARD HOLDER.
dialog: At this hour it is either fitness fanatics or true
text: workaholics who need to be in the office by 7am, exercising
text: in the park. Norman is watching these fanatics pass by.
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCKS - DAY 3
text: A shot of a PEN writing on a_| PAPER NAPKIN: It is a diagram
text: with lines and circles that loosely follows the names,
dialog: numbers and institutions as we hear them:
speaker_heading: NORMAN (0.S.)
dialog: This is the idea, the Israeli
dialog: government is withholding about
dialog: three hundred million dollars of
dialog: tax receivables from the
dialog: Palestinian Authority. My idea is
dialog: to find someone here, someone like
dialog: Jo Wilf, or an Arthur Taub, who
dialog: would buy that debt. Pay the
dialog: Palestinians eighty or ninety cents
dialog: on_the dollar, assuming that the
dialog: Palestinians will take what they
dialog: can get at this point, and that the
dialog: Israeli government would have no
dialog: choice but to honor their debt to
dialog: an American financial institution.
text: We see PHILIP COHEN (40) listening to Norman in a crowded
text: Starbucks with a polite but very skeptical look on his face.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (passing the napkin to
dialog: Philip)
dialog: Everybody wins. The Palestinians
dialog: get their money. Israel isn’t
dialog: making any political concessions,
dialog: and lets say it is Wilf - he
dialog: collects thirty or forty million or
dialog: worst case scenario - just the
dialog: interest for that debt.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Why would the Palestinians agree to
dialog: get less than the full amount?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Because it is better than getting
dialog: nothing.
text: Philip thinks about this for a moment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - EARLY MORNING
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: That is actually a pretty good
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It is. I've thought it through. I
dialog: just need someone who can do it.
dialog: (pointing at Wilf’s name
dialog: on the napkin
dialog: Isn't this the scale of the kind of
dialog: deals Wilf is looking for?
text: A tight shot of Norman in Central Park, smiling, recalling
text: this conversation with Philip. There is a strange excitement
text: in his expression. He pulls the earphones out of his ears.
dialog: Then back to:
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCKS - DAY
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Yes, but I don’t know if he would
dialog: get involved in a political
dialog: situation like this... I mean, I
dialog: know he wouldn't.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: All I_want_to do is present it to
dialog: him. I really think it serves
dialog: everyone. When something is good,
dialog: it’s good. This is good.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: I don’t have direct contact with
dialog: Wilf. You know that, right?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But you have friends there. Don’t
dialog: you? This is your circle...
text: Philip has to consider this for a moment.
speaker_heading: NORMAN cour’ D)
dialog: If you're not comfortable doing
dialog: this, I’1l understand. I can ask a
dialog: few other people I know... But I
dialog: wanted to show it to you first.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Bill Kavish. Do you know him? He
text: works for Wilf. He is a friend.
dialog: Have you heard his name?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yeah. Maybe. Why do I know that
dialog: name?
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - EARLY MORNING 6
text: Back to Norman. One of the runners he sees is BILL
speaker_heading: KAVISH(35).
text: We follow Bill, FROM NORMAN’S POV, as he finishes his run and
text: stops by a tree to stretch his muscles.
text: We focus in on Bill’s energized face as we continue to hear:
speaker_heading: PHILIP (V.O.)
dialog: You know his family. His father was
dialog: Henry Kavish. You remember him? He
dialog: was a fund-raiser for Ort in the
dialog: Eighties. He got into some kind of
dialog: trouble. They caught him Shactly
dialog: some money. I don’t know exact
dialog: what happened there, but. they fi fired
dialog: him, his wife left him, his kid:
text: turned their backs on him. He died
text: alone and penniless. Bill is his
dialog: youngest son.
text: Norman is fixated on Bill’s face, his movement, studying him
text: with genuine human interest, as if looking for the emotional
dialog: scar his father left on him.
text: Norman has taken out one of his BUSINESS CARDS, holding it
text: between his fingers.
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCKS - DAY 7
text: Back to Philip and Norman.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Can you introduce me to Bill?
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: I haven't spoken to him in a long
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: There is nothing to lose. If he is
dialog: not interested, he'll say he is not
dialog: interested... But if he is... You
dialog: never know...
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: I can give you Bill’s e-mail, but
dialog: I'd prefer not to send a formal
dialog: introduction. We represent clients
dialog: who do business with them... I
dialog: don’t want to be in a position
dialog: where I’m asking him for a favor.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You're doing him a favor... But
dialog: okay. That's Fine. Can I say we are
dialog: related? Can I say I’m your uncle?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 7
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: No. Don’t make it a family thing.
dialog: It doesn’t sound good... It might
dialog: not be a good idea to mention my
dialog: name.
dialog: Norman clearly needs more than that. And Philip has to give
dialog: him something.
speaker_heading: PHILIP (CONT'D)
dialog: You can say you know me. But please
dialog: don’t tell him you got his address
dialog: from me.
text: Norman nods his head with polite gratitude. Philip senses his
text: distress as he gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: PHILIP (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry I can’t be more helpful.
dialog: It’s tough. You’re like a drowning
text: man waving at an ocean-liner. How
dialog: do you get it to see you? Jo Wilf
text: is an ocean-liner. He doesn’t see
dialog: any of us...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But I’m a good swimmer. Don’t
dialog: forget that. As long as my head is
dialog: above water, I know how to tread.
text: With a pat on Norman's back, Philip leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - EARLY MORNING 8
text: We’re back at the park where Bill, still stretching, notices
text: Norman staring at him. Norman raises his hand in an innocent,
text: friendly gesture.
text: Bill has no idea who he is. He nods his head and continues
text: stretching, a bit suspicious of the friendly stranger.
text: Norman approaches him, handing him his BUSINESS CARD.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Good morning, Bill. Norman
dialog: Oppenheimer.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: What the fuck? You’re stalking me
dialog: now??
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I only need a few minutes of your
dialog: time. I know you are busy. Philip
dialog: Cohen might have mentioned me...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: No. Excuse me. This is my private
dialog: time... please respect that. Call
dialog: the office.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I’m in touch with your secretary
dialog: twice a day. Very nice lady, but
dialog: You don’t return my calls. What am
dialog: I supposed to do?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Let it go! Give up. Does Philip
dialog: know you're here? How did you even
dialog: find me?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It’s a good business opportunity,
dialog: Why should I let it go? I wouldn't
dialog: be here if it wasn’t time
dialog: sensitive. Just give me a minute to
dialog: explain. A very igh official, I
dialog: can’t mention his name right now,
dialog: came to me with an offer to sell
dialog: his country’s tax receivables to a
dialog: third party...
text: Bill can’t believe he’s in this situation. He looks at Norman
text: as if he is a crazy man.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Eighty cents on the dollar...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I'm sorry. I have to leave...
dialog: Excuse me. This is unacceptable.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (as Bill walks awa
dialog: Bill, I wouldn’t be doing this if I
dialog: didn't think it is worth ’Jo’s time.
dialog: Don’t trust me, trust Philip.
dialog: Sometimes good things come in
dialog: surprising ways... You never
dialog: know... You never know, right?
dialog: Worse comes to worse, he kicks me
text: out the door...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (turning around)
dialog: No - worse comes to worse, he kicks
dialog: ME out the door. It’s my job to
dialog: keep peopie like you away. Don’t
dialog: you get that? Please, respect my
dialog: position. Stop: Just stop. I’m
dialog: sorry. But I don’t know what else
dialog: to say.
text: Bill waits to see if Norman is internalizing the finality of
dialog: his response.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: So I’ll tell my partners we had a
dialog: good conversation... and we’ll see
dialog: what happens. Okay?
text: Bill shakes his head with disbelief and walks away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 8
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Thank you, Bill.
scene_heading: EXT. 57TH ST. AND 7TH AVE - DAY 9
text: Norman is standing across the street from a DINER called
text: BROOKLYN DINER at the floor of a huge office building.
text: He is looking through the windows of the diner at Bill
text: Kavish, now dressed in his business suit, sitting with a few
text: other businessmen in one of the booths. The man in the center
dialog: of this Breakfast gathering is JO WILF (70), authoritative,
text: calm, allowing the younger men around him to do all the
dialog: talking.
text: Norman pulls out his phone and dials.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I got a meeting!
scene_heading: INT. PHILIP’S OFFICE - SAME TIME 10
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: With Jo Wilf??
text: Right before Norman answers, Bill Kavish raises his eyes and
text: catches Norman’s glance, standing outside. Bill give hima
text: viciously protective look.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Better. With Arthur Taub.
dialog: We sense that Philip doesn’t believe Norman.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: If Jo Wilf is an ocean-liner,
dialog: Arthur is a nuclear submarine...
dialog: How did you manage that?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: I told you, I’m a good swimmer.
text: Our view expands to see Norman walking away and blending into
text: the Midtown bustle. This image gradually goes out of focus.
speaker_heading: TITLE: NORMAN
scene_heading: THE MODERATE RISE AND TRAGIC FALL OF A NEW YORK FIXER
speaker_heading: OMITTED 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
scene_heading: INT. BARCLAYS MANHATTAN HEADQUARTERS- MORNING 12
dialog: 
text: Norman walks into this vast, intimidating lobby.
text: He approaches a reception desk underneath a sign that reads:
dialog: “Barclays Oil and Gas Exploration Conference”
text: Norman causally stands in line with a few other business
text: people waiting to register.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE AUDITORIUM - DAY - MOMENTS LATER 13
dialog: 
text: Norman has a name-tag over his chest pocket. It reads: NORMAN
speaker_heading: OPPENHEIMER
text: He wanders into a medium size auditorium in the middle of a
text: panel discussion, quietly finding a seat in the back of the
dialog: room.
text: THE ROOM IS FULL OF BANKERS AND FINANCE EXECUTIVES. From a
text: distance Norman blends in, but a closer look at how he is
text: dressed, exposes that he clearly does not belong.
text: On stage, with a backdrop of images of massive oil drilling
text: rigs, there is a MODERATOR and a GUEST SPEAKER--
dialog: RON MAOR(65) a minister in the Israeli Parliament.
text: They are discussing geopolitics and the energy market, but
text: our focus is Norman’s POV, scanning the room.
text: He is hunting for something, focusing on different
text: individuals, men and women, their name-tags, their japtop PS,
text: gadgets, briefcases, shoes, different items that catch his
dialog: attention. While in the B.G.
speaker_heading: RON MAOR
dialog: (heavy Israeli accent)
dialog: I told the American leadership, at
dialog: a very high level, probably more
dialog: than half a year ago. Go to the
text: Russians. They hold the keys. They
dialog: know the commanders of these units
dialog: of chemical warfare on a first name
dialog: basis. Some of them are married to
dialog: Russian women. The most effective
dialog: way to protect this potentially
dialog: dangerous arsenal, is by getting
dialog: into contact with the Russians. But
dialog: it should be a real contact without
text: a drop of arrogance. Understanding
dialog: in advance that, okay, America lead
dialog: in Iraq, Europe lead in Libya, now
dialog: ask the Russians to lead and acce)
dialog: the fact that they will have a cote
dialog: in resolving this conflict.
speaker_heading: MODERATOR
dialog: Suppose someone says you can’t
dialog: trust them.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 13
speaker_heading: MODERATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You would say it is not a matter of
dialog: trust but of national interest...
text: Norman has fished a MIKE AND IKE candy out of his coat
text: pocket. He sucks on it without calling attention to himself.
speaker_heading: MAOR
dialog: There is clearly a problem, it
dialog: relates to the Chinese and the Far
dialog: East as well. It is a major
dialog: question in the next decade for all
dialog: the other allies around the Pacific
dialog: Rim. Is America pushing Russia away
text: from the West and into the arms of
dialog: China? Some natural gas experts in
dialog: this room will say that is exactly
dialog: what _they’re doing by encouraging a
dialog: pipeline between Israel and Turkey.
dialog: Inevitably you will have a
dialog: symbiotic relationship with China,
dialog: based on currency trade,
dialog: whatever... But as I always say,
dialog: when dealing with global interests,
dialog: we shouldn’t be playing backgammon,
dialog: shesh-besh, you know. Where you
dialog: roll the dice and hope for the
dialog: best. We should be playing chess.
text: As this is going on, Norman has locked his glance on:
speaker_heading: MICHA ESHEL.
text: He is in his mid 40s, handsome, well dressed. He is sitting
text: in the front row near the door, with an expression that is
dialog: saying that he has heard all this before and that he is not
text: very impressed with Mr. Maor on stage.
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE THE AUDITORIUM - LATER 14
dialog: 
text: A buffet lunch is being served. The ATTENDEES are mingling.
text: Maor is the center of the room, everyone is trying to get a
dialog: word with him.
text: But there is a SMALLER GROUP OF PEOPLE greeting Eshel as well
text: on the other side of the room.
dialog: It_is as if these two important men, Eshel and Maor, while
text: polite to each other and perfectly pleasant, are actually on
text: apposing teams.
text: Norman is following this dynamic very carefully, noticing how
text: they elegantly avoid eye contact with each other.
text: At a certain point Maor is escorted out of the room by his
text: security guards and entourage.
text: Eshel watches Maor leave. While Norman is watching Eshel.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - LATER 15
text: The room is now three-quarters empty.
text: In this panel, Micha Eshel is the main attraction.
text: He speaks with much less pathos and with considerable humor
text: and ease. THE FEW PEOPLE that stayed to hear him, seem to
text: enjoy his sarcasm. Norman is sitting in the back, listening.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: The distinguished minister speaking
dialog: before me, who I have a great deal
dialog: of respect for, seems to know a lot
dialog: about everything, and it is hard to
dialog: argue with him... god forbid, I’m
dialog: not saying he is wrong... China,
dialog: Russia, America... He must know
dialog: what he is talking about. He is my
dialog: boss, after all. And a very good
dialog: chess player.
dialog: (slightest smile. Audience
dialog: laughs)
dialog: But you know, George Bernard Shaw
dialog: once said - some people see the
dialog: way things are and ask why.
dialog: I see how things should be and ask -
dialog: why not?! Mr. Maor is very good at
dialog: describing the world as it is. If
dialog: you ask me, I think our job is to
dialog: discuss how the world should be.
scene_heading: INT. BARCLAYS MANHATTAN HEADQUARTERS - LOBBY - LATER 16
dialog: Eshel is acceptin compliments | from the few people who are
text: walking with him toward the exit.
text: Norman is tailing behind.
text: He follows Eshel out the doors, watching him as he says
text: goodbye to all the people around him - ‘surprisingly
text: remaining all alone on the Midtown sidewalk, without any
text: entourage or security. Eshel puts on his sunglasses takes
text: in the busy street as if deciding where to go, then heads
dialog: Uptown.
text: Nozman peels off his name-tag from his jacket and follows
dialog: Eshel.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE BARCLAYS HEADQUARTERS- CONTINUOUS 17
text: Eshel stops at a traffic light. Norman is close behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. CHOCOLATIER ON MADISON AVE. - DAY 18
dialog: 
text: Eshel has entered a gourmet chocolate store.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 18
text: Norman carefully peeks into the store window to see Eshel
text: casually sampling chocolate.
text: Norman considers going inside, but there is something
text: intimate in the way Eshel is savoring the chocolate that
text: Norman knows would embarrass Eshel if interrupted.
text: So Norman waits outside as Eshel moves over to the cashier
text: with a bag of MILK CHOCOLATE COVERED CASHEWS.
text: Norman quickly ducks out of Eshel’s eye-line
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S CLOTHING BOUTIQUE, NYC - DAY 19
text: From inside the shop and its exquisitely designed display
text: window, we see out toward Madison Ave.
text: Different Upper East Side types cross the window.
text: Then Eshel stops by the window. He looks inside at a pair of
text: BEAUTIFUL CALFSKIN SHOES set on a pedestal. The shoes are the
text: centerpiece of the window display.
text: He is munching out of a his BAG OF CHOCOLATES.
text: Then we see NORMAN walk by the shop.
text: Norman looks at Eshel for a moment, making believe he is
text: recognizing him for the first time.
text: Eshel turns around. Norman introduces himself. They shake
text: hands. They talk for a bit. They are referring to something
text: in the display window.
text: Norman is laughing. So is Eshel.
text: They stop laughing and continue conversing about something
text: both of them seem to agree on.
text: Eshel offers Norman a chocolate from his bag. Norman firmly
text: declines. Then Norman opens the door to the shop and allows
text: Eshel to enter before him. Only now do we hear them, mid
dialog: conversation:
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: -.-I’d be hap ppy to introduce you to
dialog: him. Let me tell Arthur you are in
dialog: town. I’m going to his dinner
dialog: tonight. You can join me.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: How do you know Arthur Taub?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: wy wife used to baby-sit him. Then
dialog: e ended up working for him, years
dialog: later. They were very close.
dialog: (pulling out his cell
dialog: phone)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me tell him you’re here, I’m
dialog: sure he would be happy if you came
dialog: tonight.
text: Eshel examines Norman’s face. His ghothing - His hair. There
text: is something about his appearance that makes Eshel want to
dialog: think this over.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Hold on a second. Put the phone
dialog: back...
text: Norman puts the phone back in his pocket. THE SALES PERSON,
text: who has been waiting for an opening in their conversation,
text: greets the two gentlemen.
speaker_heading: SALES PERSON
dialog: Good Morning. Welcome to Lanvin. My
dialog: name is Jacques.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: We are just looking around for now.
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I am very happy to assist you
dialog: today... Come inside.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: Mr. Eshel is speaking at a very
dialog: special event later this week and
text: has a series of meetings with
dialog: business leaders and diplomats. He
dialog: would like to try on the shoes in
dialog: the window.
text: Jacques puts his hand under his chin and looks at Eshel,
text: taking in the clothing he is currently wearing and his
dialog: general style.
text: Eshel humors him by posing with his hands folded under his
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: May I ask what line of business you
dialog: are in?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I don’t want to ruin my good first
dialog: impression, but I am a politician.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: This is Mr. Micha Eshel. He is the
dialog: minister of trade and labor in
dialog: Israel and deputy to the prime
dialog: minister.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: No. I’m the deputy minister of
dialog: trade and labor.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 12.
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: My boss, the minister, is a deputy
dialog: to the prime minister, but there
dialog: are three other deputies, just to
dialog: put things in context.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: It is an honor to meet you, Sir.
dialog: I’m sorry, but you looked too young
dialog: to be... so important.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Thank you for the very flattering
dialog: lie, You have a future in
dialog: politics... which is more than I
dialog: can say for myself. I might be
dialog: young, but I’m already washed up.
dialog: I’m just kidding. Very nice to meet
dialog: you, Jacques.
speaker_heading: ____ JACQUES
dialog: §gincerely
dialog: You don’t look washed up.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Thank you. That’s because I’m in
dialog: New York now. New York makes me
dialog: feel good. Back home, I look tired.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No you don’t. I’ve seen your
dialog: appearances on TV. You look great.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: That is because I’m very
dialog: photogenic...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No, you are one of the few Israeli
text: politicians who radiates optimism.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Optimism... The shoes I buy today
dialog: will last longer than the
dialog: government I serve in.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Change is good. That’s what I was
dialog: told.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: The fashion world relies on change.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: And the Middle East relies on - how
dialog: do you say stagnatzia?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Stagnation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 13.
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Stagnation. Once you’re in power,
dialog: you don’t want anything to change.
dialog: You can ask my boss about that...
speaker_heading: ORMAN,
dialog: Do you think he'll become prime
dialog: minister?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Maor? If he does, It’1ll be a joke.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What about you? Would you ever
dialog: consider running?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Me?
dialog: (eating a chocolate)
dialog: You know what the problem with
dialog: modern leadership is? To be a real
dialog: leader, you need to have a firm
dialog: idealogy, you have to really know
dialog: what is right, and never look to
dialog: the sides...
dialog: (illustrating with his
dialog: hand)
dialog: Straight. But in order to get
dialog: elected, you need to be the
dialog: opposite of all that. That’s the
dialog: tricky part.
speaker_heading: ORMAN
dialog: Something tells me that you can do
dialog: both hink you would be a great
dialog: candidate.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Only magicians can do two things at
dialog: the same time.
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: So what do you say?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: The event you are attending... It
dialog: is in the evening, yes?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Yes. But I think people will be
dialog: coming straight from work. I don’t
dialog: think they’re getting dressed up
dialog: especially for this.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Of course they are. It’s not black
dialog: tie, but this is going to be a
text: classy crowd. It’s at the Waldorf
dialog: Astoria.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 19
text: Eshel has casually picked up a shoe to see the price. We see
dialog: it as well: $1045!
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: The press will be there too...
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (returning the shoe)
dialog: Forget the shoes. Nobody is going
dialog: to be looking at my shoes. Maybe,
dialog: can I see your ties...
text: He walks over to the tie display.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What size shoe are you? A ten?
dialog: Eleven? Just try them on. We’re
dialog: already here.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: No. I’m not getting shoes now.
dialog: (picking up a beautiful
dialog: tie)
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (handing the shoe to
dialog: Jacques )
dialog: We'll try these on for Mr. Eshel.
text: Jacques walks over to one of the racks, looking for
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I think I have a better idea.
dialog: take some measurements, Mr. she >
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: No. Really, I don’t want to take up
dialog: your time. Thank you. How much is
dialog: this tie?
text: Norman moves in closer to Eshel, taking the tie from his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Let’s see what he comes up with.
dialog: Don’t say no before you try it on.
dialog: (reassuring him with eye
dialog: contact)
dialog: Don’t worry. Trust me. Enjoy it.
dialog: Let him do his job.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: A young minister should not feel
dialog: washed up. Excuse me for saying.
dialog: Please... I can help with this. Let
dialog: me try something.
text: Eshel thinks about this for a brief moment, then playfully
text: submits himself to Jacques’ tape measure.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 19
text: Norman, in the meantime, sneaks a peek at the price tag on
dialog: the tie: $195!!
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S CLOTHING BOUTIQUE, NYC - DAY - LATER 20
text: Eshel is now standing with his back to a set of THREE
text: MIRRORS. He is dressed in a new elegant suit, shirt and tie.
text: He looks, and more importantly - FEELS amazing. It is not too
text: flashy, it does not call too much attention to itself, but it
text: does give him a uniqueness that Eshel can feel even without
dialog: seeing himself.
text: Norman is reflected in all 3 mirrors, smiling.
text: Jacques is kneeling by Eshel’s feet, fixing his cuff.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (to Norman)
dialog: So you said your wife works for
dialog: Arthur Taub?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Used to work for him, yes. She
dialog: passed away.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: This was years ago. But she was
dialog: very close to Arthur and I would be
dialog: more than happy if you joined me
dialog: tonight. He is someone you should
dialog: meet...
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I’ve been hearing his name from a
dialog: few different people recently. He's
dialog: young, right? What’s he like?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (expertly)
dialog: There are two kinds of moguls. One
dialog: kind is like a big ocean-liner
dialog: ship, they make a lot of waves, and
text: noise, everybody can see them from
dialog: miles away... Like Jo Wilf. I think
text: Minister Maor is in his close
dialog: circle of friends.
text: Eshel takes note of that last point.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: And then there is Arthur, who is
text: more like a nuclear submarine.
dialog: Quiet. Fast. Young. And extremely
dialog: sophisticated.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Interesting...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He’s an interesting fellow. He
dialog: likes to surround Rimselt with
dialog: consultants who are in influential
dialog: political positions but with an eye
dialog: on the future. He has good
dialog: instincts about these things. And
dialog: he is very good about compensating
dialog: his consultants. You’d enjoy
dialog: meeting him.
text: Eshel takes this in.
speaker_heading: SHEL
dialog: Maybe I’11 have my office contact
dialog: him. We’ll see... I’m not a private
dialog: person, you know... Not yet,
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Of course. But if you need ny help
dialog: reaching him, I’m happy to do it.
dialog: Even if it is just to plant a
dialog: seed...
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Where are you staying while you are
dialog: here? How can I reach you?
text: We sense Eshel doesn’t want to answer that question. He looks
text: over at Norman, again trying to evaluate him.
text: Jacques at this point has helped him slip on a pair of
text: surprisingly simple looking shoes with a metallic brown tone
text: to them and ordinary laces.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Can I look at myself yet?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Please, Mr. Eshel, you can turn
dialog: around now.
text: Eshel turns around to look at himself. He is speechless.
text: The 3 mirrors create a triptych with the reflections of Eshel
text: and Norman in his background.
text: Eshel, looking carefully at his reflected image, tries a
text: facial expression that 1s contemplative and serious. Then he
text: fills his lungs with air, creating a more authoritative
dialog: impression.
text: Norman and Jacques are watching Eshel transform into what he
dialog: always imagined he could be.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 20
text: But then Eshel looks down at the price tag on the suit
dialog: jacket. We see it as well: $6750!!
dialog: Then at the shirt price tag: $635!!
text: Eshel takes off the jacket as if it were on fire and hands it
text: to the surprised Jacques.
text: He then takes off the shoes and pulls off his pants.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Please, take all this away from me
dialog: before I get used to it. You are
dialog: right, it does make me feel
dialog: fabulous, but there is one rule
dialog: every Israeli politician learns in
dialog: the beginning of his career: you
dialog: cannot wear a suit that costs more
text: than an ordinary man’s car.
dialog: Israelis don’t want to see their
dialog: representatives enjoying
dialog: themselves. That is a fact. I’m
dialog: sorry for wasting your time.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But what if you didn’t know how
dialog: much it costs?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I do. It is too late.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: to Jacques)
dialog: Could Mr. Eshel perhaps borrow the
dialog: suit for his event?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I can ask. We do that occasionally
text: with celebrities and red carpets.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: No! I’m not borrowing it. I don’t
dialog: want to feel like Cinderella for
dialog: one night. I’m not a model, I'ma
dialog: member of parliament.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Then keep the shoes.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (handing the shoes to
dialog: Jacques )
dialog: No. Enough... I don’t want them.
text: Norman takes the shoes from Jacques.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Please. Let me buy you these shoes.
dialog: It would be my privilege to buy
dialog: them for you. If it makes an
dialog: Israeli leader feel good, that is
dialog: the least I can do.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: No. Thank you. But no. I can’t.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (kneeling by Eshel with
dialog: the shoes)
dialog: Would you at least put them on one
dialog: more time. Go ahead. Just put your
dialog: feet inside, before you say no.
text: Eshel looks at Jacques, then at Norman, and finally slips his
text: feet back into the shoes. Eshel is now in his shirt, tie,
text: underwear, socks and - metallic brown dress shoes. He loves
text: these shoes! Norman pulls out his CREDIT CARD and gives it to
dialog: Jacques.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: We're taking them. I don’t want you
dialog: walking out of here empty handed...
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (intercepting the card)
dialog: I can’t let you pay. If I take the
dialog: shoes, I have to pay for them.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It’s an expense for me. I write it
dialog: off. Don’t argue... I want to do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: The truth is, I can’t put that kind
dialog: of expense on my credit card.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You don’t have to. I got it.
text: Norman pushes Eshel’s hand away, nods to Jacques, who takes a
text: moment to confirm the transaction before he steps into a side
text: room with the credit card.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Yeah? You sure?
speaker_heading: _. NORMAN
dialog: Yes. Positive. Don’t worry. I’m
dialog: happy to do it.
text: Eshel is looking down at Norman’s worn-out $40 shoes.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: What about you? Why don’t you buy a
dialog: pair for Yourself? They really are
dialog: magical shoes
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Me? No. I need special orthopedic
dialog: shoes, I have a very wide foot.
dialog: Don! t ask. I’ve got problematic
dialog: eet...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 20
text: Jacques returns with the card and pen on a tray together with
dialog: the receipt.
text: Norman blushes with surprise when he looks at the receipt
text: before he signs it. We see the amount: $1137 (including tax)
text: Norman picks up the pen to sign, but right before he does, he
text: stops to look at Eshel who is putting on his old cloths.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Is everything okay?
text: Norman signs the receipt. Places the pen down with a dramatic
dialog: effect.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Everything is perfect! Enjoy!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Would you like to wear them out,
dialog: Mr. Eshel, or should I put them in
dialog: a box for you.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Please put them in a box. Thank
dialog: you. I’ll save them for the right
dialog: occasion.
text: He hands the shoes to Norman as if Norman were his assistant.
text: Norman hands the shoes over to Jacques to wrap in a box.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus. I just realized I’m terribly
dialog: late. I must run now. Thank you
dialog: very much.
dialog: (then to Norman)
dialog: I don’t know what to say. Thank you
dialog: for this. I’m glad I bumped into
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: My pleasure.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (joking)
dialog: I should have taken the tie too...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Next time...
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Next time.
dialog: (then...)
dialog: Here, take the chocolates. They’re
dialog: delicious.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I have severe nut allergies. One
dialog: wrong bite and I can drop dead.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 20
dialog: 1li ng thi bi
dialog: (pulling the bag away)
dialog: Oh. Sorry. Specifically cashews?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No. Peanuts. But this is the one
dialog: area I don’t take any risks. Thank
dialog: you for offering.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (holding up a chocolate)
dialog: This can really kill you? What
dialog: happens if you take a bite?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: If it has even the smallest trace
dialog: of a peanut, my body mistakes it
dialog: for a dangerous substance and
dialog: immediately shuts itself down. My
text: skin reacts, My eyes tear. My nose
dialog: starts running, and my throa
text: swells so that I can’t breathe.
text: Norman pulls out an EPIPEN injector from his pocket.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: If I don’t inject myself with one
dialog: of these, I can be dead in less
dialog: than fifteen minutes.
text: Eshel is impressed by this description.
text: He pops the chocolate he was holding into his mouth and
text: carefully places the bag of chocolates on the counter next to
text: Jacques, away from Norman.
text: Jacques nods with gratitude.
text: Eshel walks toward the exit of the fitting room.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What about Arthur? Would you like
dialog: to meet him? Can I tell him you’1l
dialog: be coming with me tonight?
text: Eshel thinks about this for a moment. Finally--
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Sure. Why not. It would be great to
dialog: meet him. I just need to check my
dialog: schedule. I’m staying at the
dialog: Warwick. Leave a message for me
dialog: there with the details.
dialog: Thank you, Norman...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Norman Oppenheimer.
text: Eshel walks back in, hands Norman his BUSINESS CARD, and taps
text: him on his shoulder in a friendly way.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Here. Take this. It has my private
dialog: number in back. No matter what,
dialog: when you are in Israel, Norman
dialog: Oppenheimer, if you ever peed
dialog: anything, feel free to call.
text: Norman pulls out his card holder and takes out his own
text: business card and hands it to Eshel.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: And this is me. When you are in New
dialog: York, if there is anything I can
dialog: help "with, anything at all, please
dialog: let me know. And I711 call you
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (reading off Norman’s
dialog: card
dialog: Oppenheimer Strategies...
text: Eshel puts the card inside the shoe box.
text: On his way out with his shopping bag, he grabs a few final
text: chocolates from the bag he left on the counter.
text: Norman and Jacques watch him as he blends into Madison Ave.
text: Norman looks down at the card in his hand. We see it has the
dialog: official symbol of the state of Israel.
scene_heading: It reads: “MINISTRY OF INDUSTRY, TRADE AND LABOR. MICHA
text: ESHEL, DEPUTY MINISTER”. And on the other side, handwritten,
scene_heading: Eshel’s PRIVATE CELL PHONE NUMBER.
scene_heading: EXT. MADISON AVE - EVENING 21
text: Norman is walking and talking on the phone.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: -.-I understand it is a sit-down
dialog: dinner. I don’t need a seat. Just
text: one seat for Mr. Eshel. I’11 stand.
dialog: I have to be somewhere anyway.
text: Norman stops walking. Distressed.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D
dialog: Please, don’t give me a final
dialog: answer until you speak with Arthur.-
scene_heading: - Micha Eshel. -- E. S. H. E. L.
dialog: Tell him he is the guy in charge of
dialog: regulating the energy industry...--
dialog: My name? Norman Oppenheimer . -- M
dialog: Eshel is a close friend of mine. --
text: Micha_is in town for a few days and
dialog: he told me he would really love to
dialog: meet Arthur... --Just please ask
dialog: Arthur.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 21
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: And if there are two seats, that is
dialog: obviously better...--One seat is
dialog: enough. More than enough. See what
dialog: you can do. Thank you. Call me
dialog: ack...-- Thank you.
text: Norman hangs up, pulls out Eshel’s business card and dials.
scene_heading: INT. ESHEL’S HOTEL SUITE BATHROOM - SAME TIME 22
dialog: 
text: ESHEL’S PHONE RINGS just as_he enters his suite. He looks at
text: the number on the screen, places the phone on a table by the
text: door and heads toward the luxurious tub in the bathroom.
text: We stay on the phone while it continues to ring and Eshel
text: gets the water running in the tub.
scene_heading: EXT. ON NORMAN, MADISON AVE. - SAME TIME 23
dialog: 
text: Norman gives up, dials another number. After a moment.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes. Hi. Can you connect me _to Mr.
dialog: Eshel’s room... --So can I leave
dialog: him a message?
scene_heading: INT. ESHEL’S HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT - LATER 24
dialog: 
text: Eshel, in a robe, AND WEARING HIS NEW SHOES, is speaking on
dialog: the phone. With:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. JERUSALEM APARTMENT - NIGHT - ISRAEL 25
dialog: 
text: It is seven hours ahead and DUBY (60s), Eshel’s lawyer, a
text: small man with intense eyes and a no-nonsense demeanor, is
text: in bed, picking up a pen and note-pad from his night-table.
text: THEY SPEAK HEBREW.
speaker_heading: DUBY
text: (as he writes down the
dialog: name Norman Oppenheimer)
dialog: Did he say what he does?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: He’s a businessman. He has some
dialog: kind of investment fund. Not sure I
dialog: understood exactly... A warm Jew.
text: Duby is quietly stepping out of his bedroom so not to wake
text: his wife, taking the pad with him.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: You want to meet Arthur Taub, but
dialog: not through this guy Norman.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I have nothing better to do
dialog: tonight, why not join him?
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: You can’t walk in there with
dialog: someone you just met and know
dialog: nothing about. These things are
dialog: important. If you want to meet
dialog: Arthur, let me set up a proper
dialog: meeting.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Are you sure? It seems harmless...
text: Duby by now is by his laptop, searching for NORMAN
text: OPPENHEIMER. Random faces come up, but none of them are
text: Norman. The further down he scrolis, the more pictures of
text: ROBERT OPPENHEIMER and images of ATOMIC EXPLOSIONS fill the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: I’m sure. One hundred percent sure.
text: Eshel has walked out onto the terrace of the suite.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I hear Taub is like some kind of -
dialog: nuclear submarine...
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Listen to me. We don’t even know
dialog: what this event is all about... I
dialog: don’t want you walking into an
dialog: uncomfortable situation. Go see a
dialog: movie. Go have a good meal. Should
dialog: I_ reserve a table for you at a nice
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I'll find something to do. Forget
dialog: it. Any press on my visit here so
dialog: far?
text: Duby is now looking at a NEWS WEBSITE on his computer screen
text: with a picture of RON MAOR in a photo-opp in NY with
dialog: important U.S. officials.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: No. Nothing special. It’s better
dialog: this way...
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: It’s crazy to see how they suck up
dialog: everything Maor says. I’m telling
dialog: ou, he is a dangerous man. He
dialog: iterally believes his own
dialog: bullshit... As if he is running the
dialog: entire world.
text: Duby is sensing the poison spreading in Eshel’s veins and
dialog: knows he needs to change the subject.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: (searching the web for
dialog: entertainment options)
dialog: Do you want to see a show tonight?
dialog: What do you feel like doing?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: ...I don’t understand how people
dialog: take him seriously? Can’t they see
dialog: he is as dumb as a shoe?
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: I’m getting you tickets for a show!
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: No show. I’m not in the mood for a
dialog: show. I'll go get something to eat.
dialog: Don’t worry about me...
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Okay. Put it on your hotel bill.
dialog: They’re paying for it. And do me a
dialog: favor - stay away from the
dialog: Normans. I’m serious.
text: Duby disappears, we stay on Eshel.
text: He sits down on the sofa in his suite. He is restless.
text: His phone RINGS. He realizes it is Norman. He is tempted to
text: answer, but as per Duby’s instructions - he doesn’t.
text: Instead, he picks up the remote control and turns on the TV
text: as the phone continues to RING.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. UPPER EAST SIDE TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT - SAME TIME 26
text: Norman hangs up his phone.
text: He is waiting by the entrance as INVITEES pass him on their
text: way into a grand Upper East Side townhouse.
text: He steps out to the street corner, but no sign of Eshel.
text: He takes out his phone again. We see the screen. He is
text: calling - “Eshel Private Cell.” It rings and rings.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT 27
text: Eshel is sitting alone in a booth in a very expensive gourmet
text: restaurant, sipping WINE and enjoying a beautifully displayed
text: dish of oysters. His phone is BUZZING. He ignores it.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER EAST SIDE TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT 28
dialog: 
text: Norman has now blended into the mingling guests.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 28
text: We see ARTHUR TAUB (45), the nuclear submarine. He is
text: greeting his guests.
text: Arthur notices Norman from the corner of his eye.
text: Norman casually picks up a hors d'oeuvre from a passing
text: waiter, while he nods his head toward Arthur.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNHOUSE, DINING AREA - NIGHT 29
dialog: 
text: Norman has walked up to the second level of the house.
text: He examines the hors d'oeuvre in his hand - it looks like a
text: stuffed fig with an unidentified nut topping - Norman smells
dialog: it.
text: knowing he can’t eat it, he places it on a mantel behind a
text: decorative statue.
text: Then he peeks through the large doors leading into the formal
text: dining room. From Norman’s POV we see a long, fancy dinner
text: table with approximately 20 settings. Next to each setting
text: there is a name card.
text: Norman walks in, going over the name cards until he locates
text: the card that says MICAH ESHEL. It is a proud moment for him -—
text: to have literally secured (by proxy) a seat at the table.
text: He pulls out his phone and dials again. “Eshel private cell.”
text: He takes a deep, troubled breath as he realizes that Eshel is
text: not picking up.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNHOUSE. DINING AREA - LATER 30
text: The guests are now entering the dining area, finding their
text: seats around the table.
text: Norman is already sitting comfortably by the table, on the
dialog: seat marked for Micha Eshel.
text: He smiles nonchalantly at the guests as they take their seats
text: around him.
text: Arthur, who is talking to a few people on the other side of
text: the room, notices Norman sitting by the table.
text: He whispers something into the ear of A WOMAN standing next
text: to him. She is Arthur's assistant.
text: The smiling assistant approaches Norman. She leans down so
text: that she is very close to his ear.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR'S ASSISTANT
dialog: (very quietly)
dialog: Mr. Taub would like to speak with
dialog: you. Do you mind joining me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Of course. Thank you
dialog: (to the couple sitting
dialog: next to him)
dialog: Excuse me...
text: Norman and Arthur’s (smiling) assistant step out and
text: disappear into a corridor.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 31
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR BASKETBALL COURT, TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT - CONTINUGUS
dialog: 
text: The assistant leaves Norman waiting in this indoor basketball
dialog: court which apparently serves as Arthur's kids own all
text: purpose playroom. Norman looks around, taking in the
text: extravagant setting. He has his business card ready in his
text: hand. Arthur enters.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Mr. Oppenheimer?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Norman. We met at the Stern
dialog: auction. M onute is friendly with
dialog: Lili. By t I can’t thank you
dialog: enough for ‘the ast_minute
dialog: invitation for Eshel.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Where is he? Mr. Eshel.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He’s on his way. I just spoke to
text: him. He apologizes. He was held wu
text: in a meeting at the U.N., But he is
dialog: on this way...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You just spoke to him now?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes. A few minutes ago.
text: Arthur is evaluating Norman. He seems amused, rather than
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: How do you know Mr. Eshel?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I've been helping him out with some
dialog: of his American alliances. There
dialog: are some very interesting ideas he
dialog: is trying to promote... For
dialog: instance, I’m sure you’ve heard of
dialog: the tax money Israel is withholding
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: returning wit
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D
dialog: He has this genius idea for a third
dialog: party to buy those tax
dialog: receivables...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: And, just so that I understand,
dialog: Mr. Eshel asked you to ask me if he
dialog: can come tonight?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I told him about some of the work
dialog: you've been doing with the cancer
dialog: research fund in Israel and other
dialog: initiatives you support and he was
dialog: very excited to meet you... yes.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You realize that this is an
text: intimate dinner for a group of
dialog: people who get together for a very
dialog: Specific purpose, right?... And
dialog: t at this is my house. My private
dialog: ome...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It is a beautiful home...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You can’t just walk in and sit at
dialog: my table. I was happy to include
dialog: Mr. Eshel, even though I found it a
dialog: bit odd that he would invite
dialog: himself to a dinner through someone
dialog: I don’t actually know, But if he is
dialog: not here, the invitation is not up
dialog: for grabs. You understand that,
dialog: right?
text: are speaking, Norman notices Arthur’s assistant
text: Norman’s COAT and HAT over her arm.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He should be here any moment...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Well then why don’t you wait for
dialog: him outside and when he arrives I
dialog: promise you we will make him feel
dialog: very comfortable.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You want me to wait outside?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Okay « That’s fine. I’m sure he will
dialog: ere any minute. Thank you,
dialog: Arthur.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
text: Arthur is not sure what to make of Norman. He gives him one
text: last look before he turns around and leaves.
text: Once alone with Norman, Arthur's assistant’s smile
text: disappears. She opens a service door leading to the back
dialog: yard.
text: Norman takes his coat and hat, thanks the assistant with a
text: head gesture, then leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER EAST SIDE TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT 33
dialog: 
text: Norman, deflated, is sitting on a bench opposite the
dialog: townhouse.
text: He is emptying the last candy out of his box of Mike and
text: pkes, chewing on them obsessively, and scratching his collar
dialog: one.
text: From his POV, through the large windows of the townhouse, we
text: see Arthur and his guests enjoying their privileged dinner.
text: Norman rips apart the Gandy box to make sure it is really,
text: empty, then gets up and walks away into the dark park.
scene_heading: EXT. A SYNAGOGUE ON THE UPPER WEST SIDE - NIGHT - LATER 34
dialog: 
text: This is an old Upper West Side building.
text: Norman comes walking down the block. He stops by the
text: synagogue and presses his face against the glass door.
text: He tries the door. It is opened.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE - CONTINUOUS 35
text: We hear a CHOIR and a CANTOR echoing in the foyer. Norman
text: steps into the main sanctuary, following the music.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE - MAIN SANCTUARY - CONTINUOUS 36
dialog: 
text: A CANTOR and his CHOIR are rehearsing a cantorial piece in
text: this modest in size, but beautiful old New York synagogue.
text: The cantor acknowledges Norman with a slight head-nod, as he
text: continues the rehearsal.
text: Norman steps out and enters a small kitchenette off the main
dialog: sanctuary.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHENETTE - CONTINUOUS 37
text: Norman, hungry, finds a box of Ritz crackers on the counter
text: and a bottle of ginger ale.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 37
text: He takes a fist-full of crackers and pours himself a paper
text: cup full of ginger ale. He opens the refrigerator and pulls
text: out a JAR OF PICKLED HERRING.
text: Just as he is about to place a piece of herring on a cracker,
text: he hears rapid footsteps descending down a staircase. Norman
text: quickly returns the cracker box and the jar to where they
dialog: were.
text: RABBI BLUMENTHAL, a 50 year-old beardless rabbi, emerges from
text: the stairwell, noticing Norman on his way out. He has the
text: energy of someone on speed.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Norman Oppenheimer! If you came to
dialog: hear my class, you’re a little
dialog: late...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: If I had the time... If I only had
dialog: the time.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: You’re busy. That’s good. Someone
dialog: has to make sure the world out
dialog: there is still spinning... What’s
dialog: new? Who’s winning? Who’s losing?
dialog: Tell me something exciting.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I just got back from a very special
dialog: evening. Fascinating people...
dialog: (casually)
text: At Arthur Taub’s house.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: You were in Arthur Taub’s house?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I brought Micha Eshel with me. I
dialog: should introduce you to him. You
dialog: know who he is, right?
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Say the name again...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Micha Eshel. He’s in the Israeli
dialog: parliament. Young. Charismatic.
dialog: Sharp - Very sharp.
dialog: I’m helping him out a bit...
dialog: showing him the ropes. I’m going to
dialog: help him raise some money.
dialog: We sense Rabbi Blumenthal is skeptical of Norman’s name-
text: dropping, but he plays along so not to offend him.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Good for you. He is a lucky man to
dialog: have you on his side.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 37
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I’m the lucky one. Believe me, this
dialog: guy - he’s the real thing. He’s an
dialog: incredible human being.
scene_heading: __ RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Maybe bring him to us as a guest
dialog: lecturer. If you say he’s good...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Next time he is here. We’ll make an
dialog: evening out of it...
scene_heading: _, RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Sounds like a plan, Norman.
text: Rabbi Blumenthal looks at Norman. He doesn’t believe a word
dialog: e just heard, but going along with it is easier than
text: Ben ronting Norman.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m going to head home. You
dialog: staying?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (referring to the cantor
dialog: in the background)
dialog: zt relaxes me. I’1l listen for a
dialog: it.
text: Rabbi Blumenthal nods his head and leaves Norman alone in the
dialog: kitchenette.
text: Norman takes a handful of crackers before he exits--
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SANCTUARY - NIGHT 38
text: Norman quietly sits down on one of the benches and listens to
scene_heading: THE CHOIR AND CANTOR REHEARSE.
text: The entire wall in front of him is covered with MEMORIAL
text: PLAQUES. Hundreds of names engraved in bronze sheets on the
dialog: wall.
text: Norman pulls out his phone and looks down at the screen,
text: scrolling down his contact list, waiting, hoping, his phone
text: will ring. But it doesn’t.
text: He looks up. One name plaque in particular catches Norman's
text: attention. We close in on it: HENRY KAVISH
scene_heading: INT. ESHEL’S HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT 39
text: WITH THE CANTORIAL HARMONY STILL UNDER THE SCENE.
text: Eshel is alone in his hotel room. He is drunk after a whole
text: bottle of wine all to himself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
text: He collapses onto his bed and sees the SHOEBOX from Lanvin.
text: He opens the box. Pulls out a SHOE. He stares at it with
text: admiration. He notices Norman’s business card.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE SYNAGOGUE - NIGHT - SAME TIME 40
dialog: 
text: Norman’s phone RINGS.
text: He looks at the screen, his face lights up: “Eshel Private
dialog: Cell.”
text: Norman had just stepped out of the s nagoque, but when he
text: tries to reenter, doors are now er
text: Before Norman answers the call, he walks around the building
text: into a narrow service alley where there are decorative
text: windows into the main sanctuary and rows of garbage cans.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 41
text: Norman finds a spot, takes a deep breath--
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hello Sir.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ALLEY - SHARED WITH - ESHEL’S HOTEL SUITE 42
dialog: 
text: The two men are now SUPERIMPOSED on the screen: Eshel, lying
text: on his back, holding the shoe up in front of his face, Norman
text: in the alley, by the garbage cans.
text: The CHOIR CAN STILL BE HEARD. It annotates the scene.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Is it too late to call?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No. Not at all. I just got back
dialog: from Arthur’s dinner.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I’m sorry I couldn't make it. It
dialog: was a crazy day. I’m really sorry.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: That’s okay. No need to apologize.
dialog: We'll find another opportunity. I
dialog: told Arthur all about you.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I feel terrible. Do you forgive me?
text: Norman pauses on this. As if it is the first time in his life
dialog: anyone asked him that question.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Please, don’t give it another
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Yeah? You sure?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Positive.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I want you to know how much I
dialog: appreciate what you did for me
dialog: today. I really do. It was... nice.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I’m glad.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Me too. Thank you, Norman.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No, thank you.
text: Eshel’s head drops back, he is about to pass out.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Mr. Eshel?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: How _do you say galgal_ anak in
dialog: English? The big wheel in the
dialog: amusement park. Like in London...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: A Ferris wheel?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Yes. A Ferris wheel. Sometimes you
dialog: are up and sometimes you are down.
dialog: I just wanted to say that to you.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes. I know what you mean..
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I've tasted it on my tongue. Being
dialog: on top of everything. Once you
dialog: taste it, you can’t settle for
dialog: anything less. Do you know that,
dialog: Norman? Do you understand what I am
dialog: saying?
text: Norman is confused by Eshel’s slurred speech, but he responds
text: with his utmost sincerity.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I do too. I do too...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 42
text: Eshel passes out.
text: The CHOIR FADES OUT.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Mr. Eshel?
text: Norman stays on the line, listening to Eshel’s heavy
dialog: breathing.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: TITLE: THREE YEARS LATER
scene_heading: OVER _THE BLACK SCREEN WE HEAR: 43
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: It is my great honor to welcome the
dialog: prime minister of the state of
dialog: Israel-- Micha Eshel...
text: A ROAR OF APPLAUSE AND ECSTATIC CHEERING, takes us into -
scene_heading: INT. WASHINGTON CONVENTION CENTER - NIGHT 44
text: This is a ballroom the size of a football field.
text: THOUSANDS OF MEN AND WOMAN are on their feet, applauding and
text: cheering.
text: We see the stage. It is the annual AIPAC convention in
dialog: Washington.
text: A single, official speaking podium is set in the center of
text: the vast, somewhat futuristically designed stage.
text: A MUSICAL INTRODUCTION (with pathos at the level of the Star
text: Wars theme) is playing on the PA, accompanying the entrance
text: of Micha Eshel, waving, smiling, overwhelmed by this IMPERIAL
dialog: welcoming.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
dialog: Thank you very much. Thank you.
dialog: Thank you. Thank you Michael. Thank
dialog: you. Thank you all... Thank you.
dialog: Thank you...
text: But the applause won’t stop. Eshel absorbs it in. Allowing
dialog: the love to flow.
text: Our camera closes in on his unavoidable smirk, then slowly
text: moves down his body and stops on his - METALLIC BROWN SHOES.
text: Way, way back, far from the stage, Norman Oppenheimer is in
text: the audience, appiaudin with the masses, his name tag
text: dangling around his neck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44
text: He is standing so far away from the stage, Eshel is too small
dialog: for Norman to see his face.
text: So Norman has his head directed at one of the large screens
text: in the ballroom, projecting Eshel’s exuberant face.
text: Norman is in tears. Tears of genuine excitement.
scene_heading: INT. HALL IN CONVENTION CENTER - LATER 45
dialog: 
text: A long line of MEN and WOMEN has formed around a highly
text: guarded reception area where Eshel and other VIPs are shaking
text: ands and greeting each other.
text: Norman is looking at Eshel from a distance. From his POV we
text: see Duby, Eshel’s lawyer who is now his chief of staff.
text: And HANNA (38) curly hair, nice smile and energetic eyes.
text: They are standing behind Eshel with cell phones in their
text: hands, whispering to each other and occasionally into Eshel’s
dialog: ear, monitoring the people who get to approach the new prime
dialog: minister.
text: Philip Cohen approaches Norman. He has a plate of PECAN PIE
text: WITH IPPED CREAM in his hand. Together they continue to
text: look at Eshel from a distance.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: For once I bet on the right horse.
dialog: What were the odds? It is a
dialog: miracle.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Have you spoken to him yet? I mean
dialog: since he won?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: We‘ve been exchanging messages.
dialog: It’s not that simple to reach him
dialog: anymore. He’s got a lot on his
dialog: plate.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: And... from now on, I mean, how
dialog: does it work? Are you friends? How
dialog: close are you? Do you get to visit
dialog: him in his office? When he comes to
dialog: the States does he invite you to
dialog: have breakfast with him at Blair
dialog: House?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: To tell you the truth, I don’t
dialog: know. From my side, I "want him to
dialog: know that I’m here for him if he
dialog: needs me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 45
text: Philip looks at Norman, trying to evaluate how sincere he is.
text: Norman appears to be not only sincere - but truly moved by
dialog: the magnitude of this event.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Can you introduce me to him?
text: Norman looks at the long line of people waiting for their
dialog: turn with Eshel.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Of course! But let’s wait for the
dialog: right moment. I don’t want to push
dialog: myself on him.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: If you don’t go up to him, he won’t
dialog: know you're here.
text: Norman is hesitant.
speaker_heading: PHILIP (CONT’ D)
text: Look at him. He is sealed off, very
dialog: few people have access to him’ now
dialog: that he is King. For all you_ know
dialog: he may never return your calls, or
dialog: worse - he may never even receive
dialog: your messages.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: Nonsense. Micha is a friend.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Micha? There is no more Micha.
dialog: There is prime minister Eshel, and
dialog: he has millions of friends. You
dialog: need to get on that line.
dialog: Norman knows Philip is right.
scene_heading: INT. HALL IN CONVENTION CENTER - LATER 46
text: With AT LEAST TWENTY PEOPLE ahead of them, Norman and Philip
text: are standing on line to meet Eshel.
text: From Norman’s POV we hear bits and pieces of the conversation
text: around Eshel and see visual fragments of these very quick and
text: awkward encounters.
text: We jump cut from one encounter to the next, emphasizing the
dialog: repetitiveness.
dialog: One of the people introduced is--
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Jo Wilf, needs no introduction.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Mr. Wilf! It is good to finally
dialog: meet you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
text: Jo Wilf (70), the ocean-liner, receives a warm hand shake
text: from Eshel but then he is ushered away just like the rest.
text: Norman follows him as he is pushed out of the inner circle,
text: noticing how protective Duby is of Eshel’s space.
dialog: As Norman and Philip move up in line, we also get a sense for
text: how this works: Hanna spots the person next in line, together
text: with another AIDE she verifies their identity, then she
text: whispers the info into Duby’s ear.
text: Hanna is the friendly one. Duby is protective and suspicious.
text: We close in on Norman. He is only 4 or 5 people away from
text: meeting Eshel and he is suddenly very nervous about what
dialog: might happen.
speaker_heading: DUBY (0.S.)
dialog: Pastor Kermit Little, founder of
dialog: Christians Assembly for Israel.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (0.S.)
dialog: Pastor. I’m honored you are here.
dialog: We'll be seeing each other tomorrow
dialog: night, right?
text: Norman catches Hanna’s glance.
text: She smiles at him but it doesn’t seem like she has any idea
dialog: who he is.
text: She looks down at her lists. Turns a few pages. Nothing.
text: Duby’s suspicious, intimidating eyes also fall on Norman for
text: a brief second.
text: Norman fixes his NAME TAG so that it is in clear view.
text: Philip looks over at Norman. Norman is doing his best to
text: project ease. But Philip senses his distress.
speaker_heading: | PHILIP
dialog: Everything okay?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes. Fine. I might be reacting to
dialog: something in the room. But I’m
dialog: okay...
text: The aide standing next to Hanna is going through her lists as
text: well, finally finding what she was looking for.
text: Norman sees her whisper something into Hanna’s ear, who
text: whispers something into Duby’s ear, who looks up directly at
dialog: Norman.
text: On the sound-track - background ambiance disappears.
text: Norman is as helpless and pale as a condemned man about to
text: hear his verdict. Then he hears--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Norman Oppenheimer, from New
dialog: York...
text: Eshel turns to face Norman.
text: A beat.
text: There is definite favorable recognition. Eshel’s face breaks
text: into a huge and warm smile.
text: Sound-track back to normal.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Norman!! My friend! Where have you
dialog: been? I’ve been trying to reach
dialog: you.
text: Norman finally can breathe again, allowing Eshel to pull him
text: in for a warm and meaningful embrace.
text: Secret service agents, aides, photographers, all seem to
text: close in on Norman, but not in a threatening way - they are
text: all smiling at him.
text: Including Jo Wilf, who is watching Norman with a curious look
text: on his face.
text: All but Duby - who is not smiling and still seems very
dialog: suspicious of Norman.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Duby and Hanna
dialog: You know Norman, right?
text: They all shake hands.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Naomi. Come meet Norman
dialog: Oppenheimer. Norman, this is my
dialog: wife Naomi.
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Norman is going to be my special
dialog: honorary ambassador to New York
dialog: Jewry. My personal, special
dialog: advisor.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: He is?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I am?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Yes. Of course. Look around you.
dialog: Look around...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
text: We look around - THE ROOM HAS ENERGY. HUNDREDS OF FACES, NAME-
scene_heading: TAGS, BUSINESS CARDS CHANGING HANDS, MEN AND WOMEN IN
scene_heading: VIBRANT, LOUD, PRESSING SOCIAL ENCOUNTERS.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT’D
dialog: There are over five hundred
dialog: organizations represented in this
text: room. It is a tremendous force of
text: nature. Tremendous. Unprecedented
dialog: in our history. We need to
dialog: understand how this incredible
text: force unites around the issues that
dialog: are important for the Jewish
dialog: people... and the world!
text: Duby can relax. Another empty, meaningless promise.
text: But it is enough to impress Philip. And confuse Norman.
text: EDASH! Their picture is taken against the backdrop of the two
dialog: ags.
text: The next people in line are ushered up to Eshel, and Norman
text: is prepared to move aside, but Eshel won’t let go of Norman’s
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Congressman Bob Love from Georgia.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Tom, good to see you. Do you know
dialog: Norman Oppenheimer?
speaker_heading: BOB LOVE
dialog: No, I don’t. Nice to meet you,
dialog: Norman. This is my wife, Joyce.
text: Norman finally shakes off his initial daze.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Nice to meet you, Congressman. Mrs.
dialog: Love.
text: Philip leans in, reminding Norman of his presence.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: This is my nephew, Philip Cohen, I
dialog: think he is the youngest partner at
text: Frankle, Zell, Gould and Rudoff in
dialog: New York. Right?
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Very nice to meet you. One of the
dialog: youngest...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (pulling him in closer)
dialog: I’m SOrry 1 T didn’t introduce
dialog: you. ilip, meet prime minister
dialog: Eshel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Nice to meet you, Philip. Duby, why
dialog: do I know that firm?
speaker_heading: PHILIP ESHEL (CONT' Dy
dialog: We represented Toby Sure, Toby... I know Toby.
dialog: Tabatchnik, I think he is..
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: Toby is married to a Solomon. Beth.
dialog: She is Charlie Solomon's
dialog: daughter...
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: More importantL y Sir Gavin
dialog: Solomon's granddaughter... I
dialog: mentioned him to you the other day.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (to Bob Love)
dialog: This Toby, you heard of Smile Bars?
dialog: The candy bars. Amazing story...
text: AS THIS CONVERSATION CONTINUES-- Our camera gradually moves
text: up and away from the commotion around Eshel. Norman is in the
text: center of it, shaking hands, laughing, talking, accepting
dialog: business cards.
text: From a high angle, it all appears like a busy BEEHIVE.
text: Hundreds of people, buzzing around the room, maneuvering
text: toward the center.
text: The camera stops high above the room with this intricate,
text: dynamic, human pattern filling our entire frame, illustrating
text: the elaborate network that is being formed in front of our
dialog: eyes... --FREEZE!
scene_heading: WITHIN THE FREEZE:
text: On Norman: looking around him - he sees a forest of human
text: encounters frozen in time.
dialog: Just as great composers create perfect harmonies in their
dialog: mind, as world-class chess players can plan 50 moves ahead -
text: so Norman's genius comes into play in this room, at this
text: moment. He sees how it all connects!
text: Norman examines the different frozen interactions.
text: --He sees Arthur (nuclear submarine) Taub. He examines his
text: cocky face without_any spite or resentment, only a satisfied
dialog: smile that says - I have arrived!
text: He also sees Arthur’s (still smiling) assistant.
text: --Then he looks over at BILL KAVISH, standing next to JO
text: WILE. Bill has a strained smile and drops of sweat on his
dialog: orehea
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 40.
dialog: 46
text: --Then Norman sees Rabbi Blumenthal trying to push his way
text: into a cluster of people, but seems to be bloc
dialog: aggressive socialites.
dialog: ed out by more
text: --And Philip, right behind Norman, next to Eshel, in his
text: element, mid-conversation, radiant with charisma.
text: Norman pulls out of his pocket his BUSINESS CARDS HOLDER.
text: He extracts one and feels it with his fingers like one feels
dialog: quality silk.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. TAXI - NIGHT
dialog: 47
text: Norman is in the back seat of a cab, looking out the window
text: with a big smile on his face on his way to Union Station. We
text: see various DC LANDMARKS AND MEMORIALS (Capitol Hill,
dialog: Washington Monument, Jefferson Memorial, etc) from Norman's
scene_heading: POV, INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. CONVENTION CENTER - NIGHT
dialog: 48
text: FLASHES OF PEOPLE INTRODUCING THEMSELVES TO NORMAN EARLIER IN
scene_heading: THE EVENING. MEN, WOMEN, OLD AND YOUNG, NAME, ORGANIZATION,
scene_heading: AFFILIATION IN STACCATO.
text: Each introducing the next. All from Norman’s POV, realistic
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: and gritty, in
speaker_heading: LIOR
dialog: (Israeli accent
dialog: My job is basically to help
dialog: Israeli businesses
dialog: communicate with the World
dialog: Bank here in Washington. My
dialog: wife, Rita...
speaker_heading: LIOR
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Her brother is the chief
dialog: rabbi of Rome.
speaker_heading: LIOR
dialog: Luis is a Spanish Parliament
dialog: member. He heads the nuclear
dialog: energy commission there...
text: izzying collage of faces, names and accents.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (heavy Italian accent)
dialog: I‘m with the JDC, joint
dialog: distribution committee. My
dialog: brother, Rabbi Ariel De La
dialog: Pelgula.
scene_heading: ARIEL DE LA PELGULA
dialog: (Italian)
dialog: Nice to meet you Mr.
dialog: Oppenheimer. Meet Luis
dialog: Pascual.
speaker_heading: LUIS PASCUAL
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: Very pleased to meet you, Mr.
dialog: Oppenheimer. You know m
dialog: friend, and lawyer, Philip...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: They all _come together
dialog: through Jo Wilf who is very
dialog: close _to Rabbi De La
dialog: Pelgula’s family, and of
dialog: course through him to the
dialog: Pope...
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Jo, I want you to meet a
dialog: relative of mine, Norman
dialog: Oppenheimer. Norman, this is
text: Jo Wilf. Norman is close with
dialog: Eshel...
speaker_heading: AMOS CHERTOFF
dialog: It wasn’t till my_late teens
dialog: that_ god personally touched
dialog: me. It was after the war in
dialog: 67. Tens of thousands were
dialog: connecting that historic
dialog: event to a tremendous release
dialog: of the spirit. Most of them
dialog: had a supernatural
dialog: experience. When the lord
dialog: touched me. When He
dialog: manifested himself to me...
speaker_heading: JO WILF
dialog: How come I don’t know you? I
dialog: know every Oppenheimer in the
dialog: world...
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Nice to meet you, Norman.
dialog: (handing over his card)
dialog: We‘re the only organization
dialog: that is doing what James, the
dialog: lord’s brother, said to do in
dialog: Acts 15. We’re restorin
dialog: David's fallen tabernacte
dialog: 41.
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: AMOS CHERTOFF
dialog: (Southern accent)
dialog: Amos Chertoff. Messianic
dialog: Jewish Alliance of America.
dialog: Very nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: JO WILF
dialog: How close is_ close? Close
dialog: close? Or “close”?
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: (in confidence)
dialog: When can we talk? Do you have
dialog: time next week? We’re losing
dialog: our building, that’s what’s
dialog: oing on. See what you can
dialog: o. I’1l see you at the board
dialog: meeting. Yes? Get moving,
dialog: Norman. Get moving. We're
dialog: depending on you...
speaker_heading: DICK WEAVER
dialog: There are a lot of ideas out
dialog: there that are not biblical,
dialog: so keeping it sound and
dialog: grounded in good doctrine is
dialog: hard. That is one of the
dialog: reasons we do what we do at
dialog: MIA. Meet sister Agnes.
dialog: Agnes, this is Norman, a very
dialog: ose friend of prime
dialog: minister Eshel.
speaker_heading: JO WILF
dialog: That’s pretty close. Good to
dialog: know. Eshel, he is still a
dialog: mystery to me... Tell me
dialog: something about him...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LIOR
dialog: Wait, do you know Bruce
dialog: Parish?
speaker_heading: GIL
dialog: (Israeli_accent)
dialog: 42.
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: BRUCE PARISH
dialog: Look, for us at the NUF it is
dialog: pretty simple and
dialog: straightforward. The rule of
dialog: law. Free and fair elections.
dialog: Independent judiciary.
dialog: Independent control of the
dialog: military. Gay rights...
dialog: Israel Inc. It is actually a sales
dialog: agency for Israel. The goal is to
dialog: encourage positive views of Israel.
dialog: We even aim further. We get people
dialog: on a plane, get them to Israel.
dialog: Introduce them to the most
dialog: inspiring people in the world.
dialog: Israel aS a must see experience.
dialog: Have you met Barbara Klein? Startup
dialog: State... Let me introduce you...
speaker_heading: BARBARA KLEIN
dialog: I work with Peter Black at a hedge
dialog: fund called Stanely.
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: I’ve never seen two people
dialog: come out of a smorgasbord
dialog: with the same plate... But we
dialog: all_can still sit at the same
dialog: table, can’t we?
speaker_heading: GIL
dialog: It’s all about what is in it
dialog: for YOU. We give you what you
dialog: want and we get what we need.
dialog: By not including politics or
dialog: religion in our agenda simply
dialog: because it doesn’t sell.
speaker_heading: AMOS CHERTOFF
dialog: We cast our demons out of
dialog: everything alive or dead.
dialog: Under the power of God
dialog: descending like that-
text: (raking a sound of
dialog: ierce wind)
dialog: -you cannot remain still...
dialog: It literally blew me out the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: PETER BLACK
dialog: Our mission is to make sure
dialog: New York doesn’t turn into
dialog: New Havana..
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Norman, introduce me to Ariel
dialog: De La Pelgula. I saw you
dialog: talking to him. Next time the
dialog: Pope is in New York, there is
dialog: no reason the only tabbi he
dialog: meets is Alan Schweitzer!
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: My brothers and sisters in
dialog: e African American group,
dialog: the Latino group the Chinese
dialog: group, the inilippino group.
dialog: We work together to share the
dialog: gospel with the Jewish
dialog: people. Do you know Fred
dialog: Stokes?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FRED STOKES
dialog: All of your family goes to
dialog: hell, but you get to be
dialog: saved?! That's not good news!
dialog: We have to find a way to talk
dialog: to_the Jewish man and woman.
dialog: Deliver the good news!
speaker_heading: JO WILF
dialog: (pulling Bill Kavish
dialog: into the frame)
dialog: Look, there might be
dialog: something for us to talk
dialog: about. Call my office. Bill,
dialog: make sure we get in touch
dialog: with Mr. Oppenheimer.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: 43.
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: BARBARA KLEIN
dialog: ..-attract emerging nations,
dialog: business leaders, academics,
dialog: NGOs, entrepreneurs and teach
dialog: the tools, the special sauce,
dialog: the magic dust that Israel
dialog: has to offer in respect to
dialog: innovation. The brand is
dialog: creativity.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (looking at the card,
dialog: then into Norman’s eyes)
dialog: This is a cell phone. Do you
dialog: have an office? An address?
dialog: (pulling Norman aside)
dialog: My son, Davidy, he wants to go to
dialog: Harvard Business School, he doesn’t
dialog: have the grades, but he has a good
dialog: instincts, believe me,
dialog: like his
dialog: mother. Do you know somebody who
dialog: can help him with his ,application?
dialog: I don’t want any specia
dialog: treatment... just a few tips. To
dialog: understand what they are looking
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: NAOMI
dialog: His grades are very good. But
dialog: he missed some of his exams
dialog: because he had to go to
dialog: miluim, you know what miluim
dialog: is? Army service. What can
dialog: you do? We live in a tough
dialog: neighborhood... but he is an
dialog: excellent student.
speaker_heading: HANNA
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Please, don’t speak to anyone
dialog: on behalf of the prime
dialog: minister. If he asks you for
dialog: something, it is important
dialog: that you speak to me or with
dialog: Hanna first. Okay?
dialog: (handing over her card)
dialog: Feel free to call me.
dialog: That’s what
dialog: I’m here for. Any time. Don’t
dialog: worry, all his calls
dialog: so don’t use any of t
dialog: ge though me,
dialog: e old
dialog: numbers. I’m so happy to finally
dialog: meet you in person...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE PARISH
dialog: (candidly)
dialog: If the goal is achieved by
dialog: speaking privately, we'll
dialog: speak privately. Not
dialog: everything has to be public.
dialog: Is there not a certain
dialog: humility or restraint the
dialog: Jewish Leaders should
dialog: exercise when real lives hang
dialog: in the balance?
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Without a building, without
dialog: those four walls a floor and
dialog: a ceiling, we’re like an old
text: wine in a broken bottle.
dialog: Something physical has to
dialog: hold us together...
dialog: 44,
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: BARBARA KLEIN
dialog: We're working on a
dialog: documentary that is fully
dialog: funded. But only so many
dialog: people see documentaries. So
dialog: we are also cooking up a
dialog: feature film. Apparently
dialog: there hasn't been a feature
dialog: film that’s been seductive
dialog: about Israel since Exodus, so
dialog: we're working on a romantic
dialog: comedy set in Israel...
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: That Rabbi you spoke with,
dialog: Blumenthal, is he friendly?
dialog: Do you think he can help me
dialog: with Nicole’s conversion?
speaker_heading: BARBARA KLEIN
dialog: Start Up State doesn’t have an
dialog: address. That is the
dialog: point. It’s in
dialog: people’s minds. It’s abstract.
text: And together with Barbara Klein, everyone in the room joins
dialog: in-
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Here, take my card...
dialog: Call me!
text: Norman takes it_all in. He is drunk, but not from alcohol.
dialog: He has never felt this safe, or at home, in his life.
text: The last image in this series of FLASHES from Norman’s POV,
text: is a shot of Eshel being escorted out of the room by a dense
text: herd of aides and security.
text: Eshel turns his head and gives Norman one last look.
text: There is longing in Norman’s eyes as he watches Eshel
dialog: disappear.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - NIGHT
dialog: 49
text: Back in the cab, The NIGERIAN DRIVER looks back at Norman
text: with a friendly smile.
text: Norman is going over the tens of BUSINESS CARDS he collected
text: over the evening.
scene_heading: EXT. UNION STATION WASHINGTON DC- NIGHT 50
dialog: 
text: Norman’s cab stops my the main entrance. Norman gets out of
text: the cab and enters the station.
dialog: 51
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - NIGHT 51
scene_heading: ALEXANDRA (ALEX) GREEN (30s) is entering the train car still
text: at the platform of Union Station. She takes off her coat as
text: she finds a seat by the aisle.
text: There is an AIPAC NAME TAG still hanging around her neck
text: under her coat.
text: Once she sits down, we notice Norman entering the car . He
text: sees her name tag and smiles at her, sitting across the aisle
dialog: from her.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Norman Oppenheimer. Nice to meet
dialog: you.
dialog: (reading off her name tag)
dialog: Alex Green.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Nice to meet you too. I guess we
dialog: can take these off now.
text: They both remove their name tags. Alex pulls out her iPad,
dialog: but before she can turn it on--
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What brings you to AIPAL?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I represent one of the
dialog: organizations.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Which one? Which organization?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I work in the Israeli consulate in
dialog: New York.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Really? You're Israeli? You don’t
dialog: sound Israeli.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m not.
speaker_heading: _. NORMAN
dialog: Where is your family from?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Where are you from? Where were you
dialog: born? How did you end up here?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m from Geneva. Originally.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Really? Geneva! Then you must know
dialog: a close friend of mine... Leo
dialog: Reiss.
text: Alex shakes her head, no, she does not know him.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: No? Very famous family, a big
dialog: supporter of the Israel museum.
dialog: His wife Sophia... No?
text: Alex shakes her head. Norman senses her coldness, so he lets
dialog: go.
text: As passengers continue to enter the train, walking through
dialog: the isle between them--
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Wait... Green... Any connection to
dialog: Julian Green? From Basel...
text: Alex shakes her head again.
text: The last PASSENGER has entered the car. He stops ri ht
text: between them and indicates to Alex that he would e the
text: seat next to her.
text: Alex gets up to allow him to get in.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (moving over in his seat)
dialog: You are welcome to sit here... If
dialog: you're busy, I won’t bother you.
dialog: Don’t worry...
text: Alex looks up at the seat situation in the car. The last
text: travelers are finding their seats, filling up most of the
text: car. She doesn’t really have a civil way to refuse, so she
text: collects her stuff and sits next to Norman.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Thank you.
text: As she turns on her iPad--
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What do you do in the consulate?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m in the legal department. I’ma
dialog: lawyer.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I've had dinner with your boss a
dialog: few times. Yuval. The consul
dialog: general. Interesting fellow... You
dialog: can send him my regards.
text: Alex nods her head with a blank smile.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Welcome aboard Amtrak Acela
dialog: express. For your safety please
dialog: take a moment to review the safet
text: instructions card in the seat-bac
dialog: in front of you...
text: THE TRAIN BEGINS TO MOVE. The announcements continue--
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (CONT’D)
dialog: At this time the conductor will be
dialog: coming by to inspect your tickets.
dialog: Please have them ready. If you are
text: seated in the quiet car, pease
dialog: refrain from using cell phones and
dialog: please speak in subdued tones.
dialog: Thank you for choosing Amtrak.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: _ (smilin . 4
dialog: This isn’t the quiet car, is it?
scene_heading: INT. BLAIR HOUSE - NIGHT 52
text: Eshel, Duby, Hanna, Naomi and other AIDES AND STAFF together
text: with the regular GROUP OF SECRET SERVICE MEN, enter one of
text: the large drawing rooms, still swarming with JOURNALISTS,
text: EMBASSY STAFF AND OTHER GUESTS.
text: The official/ceremonial part of the day is over and Eshel is
text: in a playful, jet-lagged mood.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Everybody! Go home. Go to sleep!
dialog: Leave me alone! The historical bond
dialog: between the United States and
dialog: Israel has never been stronger, you
dialog: can all relax. At least tilt
dialog: tomorrow morning. Right Duby?
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: {smiling
dialog: The “specia relationship” is
dialog: intact!
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: That's right. The “special,
dialog: relationship”. And...
text: Eshel lifts his hand as if he is conducting a choir.
scene_heading: ESHEL, DUBY AND EVERYBODY ELSE
dialog: The “unwavering ‘commitment to
dialog: Israel's security...”
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Yafe. The unwavering commitment.
dialog: Now, please, leave me alone... Get
dialog: some sleep. If I have to shake one
dialog: more hand tonight, my fingers will
dialog: fall off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 52
text: Eshel allows himself to fall into one of the sofas in the
text: room. He loosens his tie and kicks off his SHOES.
text: With Hanna’s encouragement, most of the people exit the room.
text: But there is one tall, slim MAN in his 60s waiting patiently
text: in the corner of the room who is not leaving. His name is
scene_heading: BRUCE SCHWARTZ.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: (to Eshel)
dialog: One more hand to shake, I’m afraid.
dialog: You've met Bruce Schwartz before,
dialog: haven't you? Special Middle East
dialog: Coordinator
text: Bruce comes over and sits in one of the chairs opposite
dialog: Eshel.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Just over the phone. Good to
dialog: finally meet in person, rime
dialog: minister. We don’t have to shake
dialog: hands...
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: That is very considerate of you.
text: They shake hands anyway.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not going to make me put on
dialog: my shoes, are you?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No. This is as informal as could
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Good. The formal me needs a rest...
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Bruce would like to go over some
dialog: points before tomorrow’s meeting
dialog: with the president.
text: Bruce leans in. Duby and Hanna lean in too, to Bruce’s
dialog: surprise.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It is less about your meeting with
dialog: the president and more about the
dialog: statements you will deliver
dialog: elsewhere in town. As somebody who
dialog: occupies a fairly tough job
dialog: himself the president is always
dialog: ympathetic to foreign leaders
dialog: dea ing with complicated internal
dialog: politics...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: 52
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Let me stop you. Excuse me. Ani lo
dialog: tzarich et hahartzaah hazot.
text: Duby, on instinct, is about to interfere, but Eshel signals
dialog: him to remain out of it.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Please tell the president that I am
dialog: here to say ‘yes’ to peace. I’m
dialog: sorry - “state of peace” as we
dialog: agreed to call it. I fully accept
dialog: his vision. I understand it and I
dialog: believe in it. No internal politics
dialog: will change my commitment to the
dialog: Wye document.
text: Duby, Hanna and Bruce are all surprised by how firm Eshel
text: sounds. Surprised and relieved.
text: Eshel gets up to grab a handful of CHOCOLATE COVERED NUTS out
text: of a bowl on one of the tables --
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: This evening I had to... Duby, how
dialog: do you say mas sefataim?
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: To pay lip service.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I had to pay lip service to a few
dialog: organizations on a few minor
dialog: issues, but I promise you it has no
dialog: substance.
speaker_heading: BRUCE | ;
dialog: I’m sure the president will...
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (cutting Bruce off,
text: sitting across from him)
dialog: You know what I’ve found out in the
dialog: last couple of weeks since I was
dialog: elected? It is very strange,
dialog: because it is the opposite of what
dialog: I thought I would feel. Maybe the
dialog: president can identify with me...
dialog: For the first time in my
dialog: professional life, I have no
dialog: political worries. This is true. I
dialog: don’t care if I’m reelected.
dialog: Somehow God put me in this job. It
dialog: is not that I didn’t work very hard
dialog: to get here, I did, but hundreds of
dialog: other potential leaders worked and
dialog: campaigned just as hard as I did,
dialog: and for some reason I’m the one
dialog: sitting in this chair today. The
dialog: top spot. I’ve reached the top of
dialog: the ladder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: 52
text: Eshel picks up a SMALL FLAG that was placed on the table,
text: gets up for more chocolate.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Why me? And not someone else? Who
dialog: knows. Believe me, I’m as surprised
dialog: as everyone else. But this is the
dialog: interesting thing - instead of
dialog: feeling the burden of that great
dialog: responsibility, I’m feeling...
dialog: Duby, iech omrim goral?
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Fate.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I feel... Fate, which weighs
dialog: nothing at all. If God put me here,
dialog: he must have had a good reason. I’m
dialog: not free to run away from this job,
dialog: but to be honest - no single human
dialog: being can really claim to be big
dialog: enough for this job either.
text: Hanna and Duby exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: (to Bruce)
dialog: I would be nappy to go over our
dialog: itinerary with you so that we can
dialog: discuss the sensitivities of each
dialog: group...
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (to Bruce, cutting Duby)
dialog: What is it that really worries the
dialog: president? Tell me. I want to know.
dialog: What doesn’t he want me to say?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, you have been saying
dialog: different things in different
dialog: forums. I think we are trying to
dialog: get a better understanding of the
dialog: singular message you wish to
dialog: deliver.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: You were there tonight, right?
dialog: Hanna » how many completely opposing
dialog: organization 1 leaders came up to me
dialog: said - we're behind yous You
dialog: have our support to stan our
dialog: ground. How many? 50? 100? Yeach
text: with a completely different agenda.
dialog: There is no such thing as a
dialog: felis yo message. And anyone who
dialog: tel you he has a singular message
dialog: is probably teaching at a
dialog: university or writing a blog.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 52
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I didn’t mean it that way, I’m
dialog: sorry if...
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (cutting Bruce)
dialog: I‘1l tell you what my singular
dialog: message is. I’m going to end this
dialog: conflict. How? I’m going to say
dialog: ‘yes’ to compromise, to EVERYBODY!
dialog: Because the opposite of compromise
dialog: is not idealism. The opposite of
dialog: compromise is not integrity. The
dialog: opposite of compromise is
text: fanaticism and death. LIFE is
dialog: compromise. I not only believe in
dialog: that. That is who I am. That is why
dialog: I'm here, in this position, If it
dialog: works, I will go down in history as
dialog: the leader who ended this epic
dialog: conflict. If I’m wrong, and BY
dialog: compromise leads to another bloody
dialog: war - I will blame God for giving
dialog: me a role I was incapable o:
dialog: performing.
text: Eshel’s confused monologue, (only a notch below Dr.
dialog: Strangelove level) is a result of extreme fatigue and the
text: high level of adrenaline his body has been releasing all
text: night. But now he is done. Eshel pops the last chocolate
text: covered nut into his mouth, picks up his SHOES and walks
dialog: ou
text: Bruce, Duby and Hanna have gone from pleasant surprise in the
text: beginning of his monologue, to complete shock at the end.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - NIGHT 53
text: Back to Norman and Alex. The train is in motion. The lights
dialog: have been dimmed.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: So can I ask you, what kind of
dialog: stuff do you deal with?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (covering her iPad)
dialog: There is what’s called a mutual
dialog: legal assistance treaty between
dialog: Israel and the United States. We
dialog: have our hands full...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I can imagine. Like what kind of
dialog: things? Commerce agreements?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: No, that is a different department.
dialog: We are an arm of the Tsracli
dialog: justice ministry in the United
dialog: States.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 52.
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: We coordinate criminal
dialog: investigations, judicial procedure,
dialog: extradition.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: So if an Israeli criminal flees to
dialog: America, you're in charge of
dialog: bringing him back?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: We would be involved in that, yes.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Or if an American criminal tries to
dialog: hide out in Israel...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yes, that too.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Wow. So do you have any interesting
dialog: stories for me? Like with all those
dialog: Russian oligarchs who are wanted
dialog: all_over the world and ask for
dialog: asylum in Israel. Tell me how that
dialog: works from the inside...
text: Alex shakes her head. Her lips are sealed.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Do you know Carol Raskin? If I’m
dialog: not mistaken, she wrote some of
dialog: these international treaties. She’s
dialog: a good friend of mine. Do you know
dialog: Carol?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Not personally, no, but I know who
dialog: she is...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'd be happy to introduce you...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: That’s not necessary. I wouldn’t
dialog: want to bother her. But thank you.
text: She is a solid brick wall, leaving Norman no entrance point.
text: Alex looks at her watch. Then at Norman, who has no reading
text: material, and doesn’t seem like he plans on sleeping.
text: She pulls out a pair of EARPHONES from her bag. As she
text: inserts one into her ear - Norman catches a quick glimpse at
text: a SIMPLE GOLD WEDDING BAND on Alex's finger.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Family? Kids?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 53
text: She pulls out the earphone.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m sorry. What?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Do you have a family? Kids?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: A partner.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You’re a lesbian??
text: Alex laughs. Finally.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yes. I am.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Good for you. That’s terrific.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I like it when people know what
dialog: they want. It’s a good thing. To be
dialog: focused. You know, I have a close
dialog: friend, a fascinating man named
dialog: rabbi, professor Nathaniel Lewis,
text: he teaches at JTS. He has a
dialog: daughter who started a_ Jewish
dialog: lesbian organization. Abigail
dialog: Lewis. Do you know her?
text: Alex shakes her head.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: You should meet her. You’1l love
dialog: her. I can get you two together...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: That is the third time in five
dialog: minutes that you offered to
dialog: introduce me to someone. Why are
dialog: you trying to_get me to meet
dialog: people? Do I 180k lonely?
text: Norman looks at her for a long moment.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Why do you feel that_I need these
dialog: roductions? Have I given you
dialog: that impression? That I’m looking
dialog: for connections?
text: Norman shakes his head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 54.
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I’m sorry - I didn’t mean to offend
dialog: you. zr just thought it made sense.
dialog: And maybe it is good for Abigail
dialog: too, to meet someone at the Israeli
dialog: consulate. But maybe I’m wrong...
text: He turns away to face the window.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I didn’t mean that as criticism. I
dialog: apologize if it came out that way.
speaker_heading: NORMAN ;
dialog: Then what are you saying? I don’t
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Never mind. I appreciate you trying
dialog: to help connect me, it is just that
dialog: I don’t need connections right now.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: So what do you need?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What do I need??
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yeah. I’m sitting next to you on
dialog: the train, we were both at the
dialog: convention together, how can I help
dialog: you? I'm offering my assistance.
dialog: I’m a good person to know. Take
dialog: advantage of that. What do you
dialog: need? I’1l help you get it.
text: Alex sincerely thinks this over for a moment, but comes up
dialog: with --
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I don’t need anything.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Impossible. Everybody needs
dialog: something. Even tough lesbian
dialog: lawyers.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I need many things, but not
dialog: necessarily things you can help
dialog: wit!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Try me.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I need the satisfaction of knowing
dialog: that I'm doing good in the world.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 55.
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (scratching his ear)
dialog: That’s a big one.
text: They both smile.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Your parents - they’re proud of
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I think so. I hope so...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: They should be.
text: Alex sees that Norman means it and accepts his complement.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What about you? Family? Kids?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: A daughter just finished graduate
dialog: school. Her mother died when she
dialog: was three.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Sorry to hear that. You raised your
dialog: daughter alone?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I did my best, yes.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: That must have been difficult.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You_know what_they say - small
dialog: children, small problems...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: And why were you at the convention?
dialog: I noticed you were speaking with
dialog: the prime minister. You know him
dialog: well?
text: Norman hesitates for a brief moment before he responds. Then--
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes. I do. Micah is a close friend.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: How did you meet him?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I bought him a pair of shoes.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You bought him a pair of shoes?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (in a sweet folkie melody)
dialog: You never know... You never know...
dialog: 
dialog: You never know.
text: Miraculously, Alex is now completely captivated by Norman.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What do you mean you bought him a
dialog: pair of shoes?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You never know. A pair of shoes.
dialog: The most expensive shoes in all of
dialog: New York, but the best investment I
dialog: made in my life.
text: Norman pauses. From here on the scene is shot in extreme
text: close-ups, accentuating every tiny, careful, move they make,
text: like bomb disposal experts picking a path through a
dialog: minefield.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: May I ask what you do for a living?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I’m a businessman.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What sort of business?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Consulting. Mostly.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You work in a consulting firm?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Firm? No. It is basically only me
dialog: these days.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Who do you consult?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Businesses. Organizations.
dialog: Individuals. It varies. Sometimes I
dialog: consult other consultants.
text: Norman smiles. So does Alex.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Do you have a specific area of
dialog: expertise? Can you explain to me
dialog: how your business works? If it is
dialog: not too complicated... I’m curious.
text: Norman examines her face. Maybe there is something she
dialog: “needs” after all.
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - NIGHT 54
text: A wide shot of our train zooming by in the night, en route to
dialog: Manhattan.
text: OVER VARIOUS IMAGES OF THE TRAIN IN MOVEMENT: Norman’s and
text: Alex's faces are SUPERIMPOSED.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSED MONTAGE. TRAIN - NIGHT 55
dialog: 
text: We don’t hear their dialogue, but we SEE a heightened version
dialog: of their conversation.
text: --Norman is explaining something to Alex. At first subtly,
text: with a modesty in his facial expressions, then with more and
dialog: more enthusiasm.
text: --Alex is nodding her head, smiling, raising her eyebrows
text: with surprise.
text: --Norman drawing a diagram on a piece of paper with NAMES and
text: NUMBERS and ARROWS connecting the different names, as he did
text: in the first scene with Philip. For this part, Alex has put
text: on her READING GLASSES.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - PENN STATION - NIGHT 56
text: The superimposed faces fade out, dgaving us with an image of
text: the train entering the final tunnel leading into Penn
text: Station, stopping only an inch from the BUFFER STOP at the
text: end of the track.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PENN STATION - NIGHT 57
text: Norman and Alex exit the train onto the platform. We sense
text: the three hour ride has created a bond between them.
text: Norman takes a BUSINESS CARD out of his wallet and hands it
text: to Alex. It is his last.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I know you don’t need anything, and
dialog: I’m not offering anything, I
dialog: definitely won’t introduce you to
dialog: anyone. But, take this card,
dialog: please... take it. You never know.
dialog: You never know...
text: Alex accepts Norman’s business card.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (looking at the card)
dialog: Thank you, Norman. Our ride
dialog: together was very interesting.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: That’s it?? Come here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 57
text: He pulls her in for a HUG. It makes Alex laugh. She doesn’t
text: reciprocate, but she doesn’t resist him either.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Take care, Alex. Good luck.
text: She smiles and takes off toward one of the escalators.
text: As she disappears up the escalator, she waves his business
text: card, indicating that she will be in touch.
text: Norman, alone on the platform, waves back to her, satisfied.
text: CUT TO ALEX'S FACE: Once out of Norman’s sight, her smile
text: disappears. She places Norman’s card in her purse and takes a
text: deep, troubled breath.
scene_heading: INT. PENN STATION, DUNKIN DONUTS - NIGHT 58
dialog: 
text: Alex is sitting by a table alone in the only shop that is
text: open at this hour. She is looking at her YELLOW LEGAL PAD on
text: which Norman scribbled the messy diagram with names and
text: arrows, specifying next to each name what he or she “NEEDS”
speaker_heading: or “CAN GIVE”.
text: Alex is copying down the names to a new sheet of paper.
text: Then she looks up. From her POV we see:
scene_heading: INT. PENN STATION - NIGHT - SAME TIME 59
dialog: 
text: On the other side of the station, entering the closed-off
text: waiting area, Norman is wandering through the empty seats,
text: finally sitting down. He takes off his shoes. He pulls out of
text: his pocket a box of MIKE AND IKES, chewing on them 3 at a
dialog: time.
text: Alex is watching him from a distance. She picks up his
text: business card and decides to dial his number.
text: We see Norman look at his phone and answer the call.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hello...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Hi. It’s Alex. From the train...
dialog: Just now.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Alex! I’m so glad you called. I’m
dialog: just getting into a cab. Should I
dialog: pick you up? Where are you?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m still at Penn Station.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 59
text: We see Norman look around, wondering if he is caught. He
text: can’t see Alex through the glass barriers and across the
text: hall, but Alex is not hiding from him. It feels as if she
text: actually wants him to see her.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: On the street?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: No. I’m still inside.
text: Norman is silent for a second.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Is everything okay, Norman?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes, of course. Everything is
dialog: perfect. Couldn’t be better. This
dialog: whole evening... it’s like I’m
dialog: floating on a cloud. What about you
dialog: - are you okay? Why did you call?
text: Alex looks down at the diagram on her pad. Then--
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I realized just now that I didn’t
dialog: give you my number and I wanted you
dialog: to have it. You never know...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: TITLE: FOUR MONTHS LATER
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL 60
text: We are looking down from the third floor of a creaky
text: stairwell in Rabbi Blumenthal’s synagogue. WE HEAR HEAVY
text: FOOTSTEPS CLIMBING UP THE STEPS. A PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (0.C.)
dialog: (out-of-breath, trying to
dialog: whisper
dialog: Philip, I’m in a meeting, can I
dialog: call you back in about twenty
dialog: minutes? --Yes. I’1l call you. Bye -
dialog: weeny ening | is perfect. --
dialog: No. Not ye I need to find the
dialog: right moment. Trust me, okay? --
dialog: Please don’t say that. I asked you
dialog: to trust me. Give me a few more
dialog: minutes. Bye. --Yes. Bye. Thank
dialog: you...
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL, THIRD FLOOR - CONTINUOUS 61
dialog: 
text: Norman gradually ascends, step after heavy step, revealing
dialog: himself to us.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
text: He doesn’t look like everything is perfect. He is fatigued
text: from the walk-up, carrying his coat, scarf, gloves, hat,
text: umbrella and PHONE in his hands.
text: Norman looks at his phone for a moment, deliberating whether
text: or not to make a call. Finally, he decides to press CALL.
scene_heading: INT. HANNA’S OFFICE - EVENING - ISRAEL 62
dialog: 
text: Hanna is by her desk in the prime minister’s office in
text: Jerusalem. Her phone is RINGING, but she is letting it ring.
text: There is a TREMENDOUS BOUQUET OF ROSES on her desk.
text: Hanna looks tired and upset, holding her head, looking down
text: at_a CARD. We close in on the card. It reads: I’M SO SORRY.
scene_heading: PLEASE, PLEASE FORGIVE ME. NORMAN OPPENHEIMER.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL, THIRD FLOOR - AT THE SAME TIME 63
dialog: 
text: With dilated nostrils, Norman inhales and exhales twice
text: before he gives up and hangs up.
text: Norman closes his eyes, as if to restart his mood.
text: When he opens his eyes, he has resolved himself for whatever
text: lies ahead. He exits the frame.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET HALL - DAY 64
text: This is a medium size hall on the third floor of the
dialog: synagogue.
text: A group of 9 MEN and 3 WOMEN are convened around a table in
text: the center of this elegant but outdated room, conducting what
dialog: we will soon find out is a Synagogue board meeting. Norman
text: appears at the entrance to this hall.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Look who showed up... Our savior
text: has finally arrived.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Sorry I’m late.
text: Norman walks in and sees that the table is scattered with
text: little paper plates with different NUTS- almonds, walnuts,
text: pistachios and peanuts.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: (moving a plate of nuts)
dialog: But that’s no reason to kill me.
dialog: Can you get rid of the nuts please?
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET HALL - CONTINUOUS 65
text: The nuts are gone.
text: While we focus on Norman’s face, his breathing, his eyes
text: moving around the room as he sits by this table, we hear
dialog: Rabbi Blumenthal -
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: The situation is very simple. The
dialog: National Council has decided to
dialog: sell the building. They are
dialog: willing to try their best to keep
dialog: our lease as part of whatever
dialog: agreement they sign with the new
dialog: owners, but as we all understand,
dialog: they can’t guarantee anything. TO
dialog: be practica we need to raise
dialog: ap) roximately fourteen million
dialog: dollars, to save us from the
dialog: wrecking ball and insure our future
dialog: ere...
text: We see Rabbi Blumenthal’s lips move, but we no longer hear
dialog: him.
text: Instead we focus on Norman's agitated face.
scene_heading: This takes us into the following FRENETIC, FAST MOVING
text: sequence recapping the events that lead tO this board
dialog: meeting.
scene_heading: INT. JO WILF’S OFFICE - SHARED WITH - INT. STAPLES STORE - 66
speaker_heading: DAY
text: On one side of the frame we see JO WILF, in his GRAND MIDTOWN
speaker_heading: OFFICE.
text: On the other side of the frame we see NORMAN in a STAPLES
text: STORE, speaking on his cell phone.
speaker_heading: JO WILF
dialog: Norman, Philip tells me you can
dialog: help me.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You will have my best effort, yes.
speaker_heading: JO WILF
dialog: Here, talk to Bill.
text: Jo puts the call on SPEAKER - Bill Kavish steps up to the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Norman, this is Bill. Norman?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Is Jo still there? Can he hear me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66
text: We see Jo signal to Bill to say no.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Jo had to_ step out.
dialog: Let me tell you what we need. You
dialog: with me?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (disappointed he has to
dialog: deal with Bill)
dialog: I’m all yours. Go ahead...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: We have a colleague who could use a
dialog: friendly introduction at the State
dialog: Department...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: The state department?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yes. You do that for us, open the
dialog: door for him at the state
dialog: department, get him in a room with
dialog: Douglas Gordon - that thing Philip
dialog: discussed with Jo - we’ll see what
dialog: we can do.
text: Jo Wilf looks over at the GROUP OF PEOPLE in his office with
dialog: an expression that says - “it’s worth a try”.
text: Norman passes a PEN TESTING PAD. He writes down- DOUGLAS
text: GORDON, and takes the page with him.
text: Then - Jo Wilf’s side of the frame is replaced with the
text: interior of a BULLET PROOF LIMOUSINE in Israel.
scene_heading: INT/EXT - LIMO IN ISRAEL - SHARED WITH - INT. STAPLES STORBE7
text: Hanna and Duby are in the back seat of a limo that is part of
text: Eshel’s motorcade passing through the streets of Jerusalem.
text: Norman is still in the Staples store, looking over a variety
text: of ENVELOPES on display.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hanna, please, Just give me a
text: minute with him on the phone. One
dialog: minute. Less than a minute. This is
dialog: something he wants to hear...
text: Hanna looks at Duby who is shaking his head decisively -
dialog: Absolutely not.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: I'm really sorry, Norman. The prime
dialog: minister is not available to speak
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 63.
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Then can I speak with Duby? Put
dialog: Duby on the phone?
dialog: (whisperin
dialog: It has to do with a special request
dialog: the prime minister asked me to look
dialog: in to.
text: Hanna looks at Duby - Duby is shaking his head - no!
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: I'm afraid Duby is also
dialog: unavailable. I’m sorry Norman.
dialog: These are busy days for us.
dialog: Unfortunately I can’t be more
dialog: specific, but I’m sure you
dialog: understand.
text: Norman is visibly distressed by this. By now he has walked
text: over to the OFFICE FURNITURE SECTION. He sits down on one of
text: the office chairs behind one of the desks on display, as if
dialog: this were his natural work area.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I understand. Of course. Alright.
dialog: Please let the prime minister know
dialog: that I have an answer for him and
dialog: if he has a free moment, at any
dialog: hour, day or night, it would be
dialog: great if we can have a very, very
dialog: short phone conversation about a
dialog: certain individual on the board of
dialog: the dean's advisers at Harvard
dialog: business school.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: (checking with Duby...)
dialog: I will, Norman. Thanks for calling.
text: Duby is signaling with his hand to ask who the “certain
dialog: individual” is.
speaker_heading: HANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you tell me who this person is?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: -- I’11 tell the prime minister
dialog: ali about him when we speak.
text: Duby smiles, shaking his head. He knows how Norman functions.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: Okay, Norman. Thank you...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No — thank you, Hanna! Go back to
dialog: doing your important work. I’m
dialog: sorry for interrupting... You’re
dialog: doing a great job and I know the
dialog: prime minister appreciates it...
dialog: Just don’t forget me Hanna, okay?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 67
text: But Hanna has already hung up.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO - AT THE SAME TIME - ISRAEL 68
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: (to Duby, in Hebrew)
dialog: What do I do with him? That’s the
dialog: fifth time I’ve blown him off.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Don’t say it as if you’ ve done
dialog: something wrong. That’s your job.
text: Keeping the Normans away.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: Do you know what the prime minister
dialog: wanted from him? Isn’t David
dialog: applying to Harvard?
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: I don’t care.
dialog: Norman does not get passed you. No
dialog: matter what he says.
dialog: If he becomes obsessive, you can
dialog: take a call from him once every few
dialog: days so that he doesn't get
dialog: paranoid, and to keep the
dialog: connection alive, but never, never
dialog: put him through. Understood? Never.
text: Hanna accepts this, but she doesn’t like it.
speaker_heading: DUBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t worry about Norman. Gettin
dialog: you on the phone is enough for him.
text: More than enough. In his head, he
dialog: just had a conversion with the
dialog: prime minister of Israel.
scene_heading: INT. STAPLES STORE - DAY 69
text: Norman is by the cashier, paying for a package of ENVELOPES
text: and a CARTRIDGE OF BLACK PRINTER INK. He is paying with a few
text: crumpled single dollar bills and a handful of quarters, dimes
text: and nickels. Right before he checks out, he places a box of
text: MIKE AND IKES on the counter as well.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN STREET - SHARED WITH - INT. RABBI BLUMENTHAL
speaker_heading: OFFICE - DAY
dialog: 
text: Norman is dialing a new number.
text: R. Blumenthal has a YOUNG COUPLE sitting in his office. He
text: apologizes to them for having to take the call.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Rabbi! It’s Norman.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Why don’t you answer your phone?
dialog: I’ve been calling all morning.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'm answering now. Do you want to
dialog: hear what I have to say?
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: You spoke to him?? What did he say?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I don’t have a final answer yet,
dialog: but it looks good. I’1l be at the
dialog: board meeting with all the details
dialog: but let’s just say - get ready for
text: a surprise.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: What kind of surprise are we
dialog: talking about? How many zeros does
dialog: this surprise have? Can you tell me
dialog: that at least?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (hailing a taxi)
dialog: If I tell you, where’s the
dialog: surprise? It’s a considerable
dialog: surprise. Believe me. I gotta go,
dialog: Rabbi. I’1l see you tomorrow...
text: Blumenthal’s study apparently also serves as a CLEANING
text: SUPPLIES storage place. The Rabbi picks up a WINDOW CLEANING
text: SPRAY because he needs to wrap his fist round something.
scene_heading: RABBI. BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Norman, you realize how important
dialog: this is, right? They are going to
dialog: kick us out of here... You need to
dialog: give us a firm answer. No games...
dialog: Norman!?-- Norman! !
text: Norman has hung up.
text: Rabbi Blumenthal faces the sweet couple waiting for him,
text: doing his best to erase the anxiety on his face.
text: He is then replaced with Jo Wilf and his team in Wilf’s
text: office. And Norman is now sitting in a bus-stop.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BUS-STOP - SHARED WITH - INT. WILF’S OFFICE - DAY/1
text: Norman has the box of MIKE AND IKEs on the bench next to him.
text: He is eating 3 at a time.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I have a call with Eshel this
dialog: evening, but I brought it up with
dialog: his main man, Duby. I think it will
dialog: be okay.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 71
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: He was very practical about it,
dialog: said he would take care of it, he
dialog: just needs the exact information.
dialog: Can_you send me an e-mail with your
dialog: colleague's name?
text: Jo Wilf shakes his head toward Bill Kavish.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: No e-mails, Norman.
dialog: His name is Matthias Kone, he is an
dialog: official in the treasury department
dialog: in_the Ivory Coast. Eshel’s office
dialog: will need to reach out to him.
dialog: We're not involved. It has to come
dialog: from them. Maybe he can join their
dialog: delegation in Davos...
dialog: On Norman's face: The Ivory Coast - that doesn’t sound good
dialog: to him.
text: Jo Wilf’s office is replaced with Hanna and Duby now part of
text: the prime minister’s entourage at an HONORARY DOCTORATE
text: CEREMONY in an unidentified University.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY AUDITORIUM - NIGHT - ISRAEL 72
text: We enter during a musical interlude. A VERDI ARIA is being
dialog: performed on stage.
text: On Hanna, off stage, surrounded by security guards: her cell
text: phone is blinking. Her screen reads - “Norman”. She shows it
text: to Duby. Duby smiles, signals with his fist that she needs to
dialog: be firm.
speaker_heading: OPERA SINGER
dialog: Tra la la la la la laaaaa!
scene_heading: INT. BUS-STOP - DAY 73
text: Norman hangs up. He rubs his eyes. Shit! (He either says or
text: thinks to himself) as he empties the box of MIKE AND IKEs
text: into his palm. He dials a new number.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PHILIP COHEN’S OFFICE - SHARED WITH - EXT. FIFTH 74
scene_heading: AVE. - DAY
text: Philip is on the phone with Norman who is exiting an office
text: building. It is noisy outside and Norman can hardly hear
dialog: Philip.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: (losing his patience)
dialog: ..-Anyone who applies to Harvard
text: fills out the same standard form.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: PHILIP (CONT'D)
text: When they see his father’s name on
dialog: the form it will immediately be
dialog: brought to the dean’s attention
dialog: that the son of the prime minister
dialog: of Israel is applying for the
dialog: business schoo You don’t need me
dialog: for this.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hold on a second. I can’t hear a
dialog: word you are saying...
text: Norman sees the entrance to Bergdorf Goodman across the
text: street. He crosses over.
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. BERGDORF GOODMAN - SHARED WITH - INT. PHILIP’S 75
speaker_heading: OFFICE - DAY
dialog: First floor - jewelry and handbags.
text: Norman is already on the escalator leading up to the second
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (trying to keep his voice
dialog: down,
dialog: If it were that easy would I be
dialog: asking you for neh He doesn’t
dialog: have the grades, P ilip. He won’t
dialog: get in without serious pressure and
dialog: your personal intervention.
text: Philip takes a deep breath. He doesn’t like this.
text: Norman has arrived at the 2nd floor. Women’s shoes.
text: It is beautiful and colorful and glamorous, buzzing with
text: assertive women shopping for shoes.
text: Norman finds a relatively quiet spot.
text: Philip and Norman, each in their separate surroundings, are
text: scratching their heads nervously.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’ D)
dialog: Philip, it’s just a call.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: How is this connected to the rabbi
dialog: again, Norman? Remind me... Why am
dialog: I doing this?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You are doing this because he is
dialog: the prime minster of Israel and he
dialog: is asking you for a favor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 68.
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: No. He is asking YOU for a favor.
dialog: Correct me if I’m wrong - you're
dialog: getting the credit for this favor.
dialog: Not me.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What are you talking about -
dialog: credit? What does this have to do
dialog: with credit?
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: I’m going to hang up on you...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: We are sharing the credit, Philip.
dialog: He knows you are my contact.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Does he?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He will. I’1l make sure of it.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Why do I have a feeling he is going
dialog: to think Jo Wilf is the magician
dialog: who got his son into Harvard.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Why are you giving me a hard time?
dialog: you want Rabbi Blumenthal to
dialog: per orm this wedding or not? All
dialog: you have to do is pick up the phone
dialog: and talk to one of your buddies at
dialog: Harvard on behalf of the prime
dialog: minister of Israel. Is that really
dialog: so difficult for you?
dialog: SILENCE. We sense it is extremely difficult for Philip...
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: I'll make the call. I can’t promise
dialog: anything though...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Don’t belittle what I’m doing. In
dialog: the world of Harvard admissions,
dialog: this is the biggest no no in the
dialog: book. It’s like incest. It’s taboo.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: That’s funny, because Rabbi
dialog: Blumenthal 1s going to think the
dialog: exact same thing when he finds out
dialog: I’m asking him to Marry a Cohen and
dialog: a convert, who hasn’t even
dialog: officially converted.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 75
text: Philip’s side of the frame is replaced with Hanna, now at a
scene_heading: FORMAL RECEPTION FOR A CHINESE DIPLOMATIC DELEGATION meeting
dialog: with Eshel.
scene_heading: INT. BERGDORF GOODMAN - SPLIT WITH - INT. RECEPTION HALL - 76
speaker_heading: ISRAEL
dialog: 
text: Hanna’s phone is blinking. It is Norman. Hanna takes a deep
text: breath then focuses her attention on Eshel and a Chinese
text: official as they applaud the end of an ISRAELI FOLK DANCE
text: NUMBER performed by a CHILDREN'S DANCE GROUP.
scene_heading: INT. BERGDORF GOODMAN - DAY 77
text: Norman hangs up and puts his phone down.
text: He looks around. Where is he?? Somehow he wandered deeper in
text: this designer maze, into the area between the FENDI
dialog: collection and the TOM FORD collection without realizing. And
text: he has a WOMAN’S SHOE in his hand!
text: TWO SALESWOMEN, dressed in gothic gowns, are staring at him.
text: Norman carefully places_the shoe back on one of the displays,
text: smiling at the Scary saleswomen as he dials a new number.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BERGDORF GOODMAN - SPLIT WITH - INT. JO WILF’S OFFICE 78
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Norman is by the dressing rooms, whispering into his phone.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Something big is going on, I can’t
dialog: be more Specific, but if you saw
dialog: the papers t this morning, you'll
dialog: know what I’m talking about.
text: Bill looks at Jo who looks at the rest of his team. Nobody
text: has any idea what Norman is talking about.
text: One of the ASSISTANTS is even going through today’s Times
dialog: looking for clues, but can’t seem fo find anything of special
dialog: interest.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I’m not following you. Did you
dialog: speak to him or not?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Here, let me read to you the last
dialog: message I received from Hanna.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Who’s Hanna?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hanna is Duby’s assistant.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Who the hell is Duby??
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: That is what I’m trying to explain
dialog: to you. Eshel and Duby are sitting
dialog: with the national security
dialog: committee as we speak. There is no
dialog: way for me to get through to them
dialog: right now, but Hanna, o is on the
dialog: other side of that closed door
dialog: Salad...
text: Jo is losing his patience, he picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Norman, cut the bullshit! When you
dialog: get Eshel on the phone and he says
dialog: yes to you, call me back. Until
dialog: that happens, don’t waste anymore
dialog: of my time.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But Joy this is time sensitive. If
dialog: I can’t tell Rabbi Blumenthal that
dialog: you are putting up the money,
dialog: Someone else is going to buy the
dialog: building. He needs an answer...
speaker_heading: JO NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: screaming) Jo.-- Jo.-— Jo.-- Jo.-- They
dialog: Rabbi Blumenthal is not my are about to launch a war in
dialog: fucking problem! There’s a Syria that might escalate
dialog: billion dollars on the line into world war three, what do
dialog: here! Fix this, Norman, or you want me to do about it?
dialog: this is the last time you are He has a country to run. He’s
dialog: speaking to anyone in this busy!
dialog: building. I don’t care who
dialog: started world war three...
dialog: Think about that...
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Yeah. Me too. Goodbye Norman!
text: JO hangs up.
speaker_heading: JO (CONT'D)
dialog: (to his team)
dialog: Fucking windbag! Why am I dizzy?
text: Norman looks at his phone with a desire to smash it into a
text: million pieces on the floor, but instead... He dials again.
scene_heading: - SHARED WITH - INT. HANNA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT - 79
speaker_heading: ISRAEL
text: Hanna is walking up to her apartment in the middle of the
text: night, carrying a LARGE BOX FULL OF CHINESE SOUVENIRS AND
text: OFFICIAL GIFTS. She is tired and humorless.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 79
text: THE RINGING ECHOES IN HER HALLWAY.
text: She places the box on the floor and sees it is Norman on her
text: phone screen.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: (with tears)
dialog: Stop... Stop... Stop... Please,
dialog: Stop
text: On Norman, waiting, hoping, she will pick up:
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Why?... Why?... Why is it so hard
dialog: to pick pp the goddamn hone...
dialog: This is the prime minister’s
dialog: office, isn’t there someone whose
dialog: job it is to answer the phone???
text: Hanna is sitting on her steps, in one hand a CHINESE KETTLE,
text: in the other - her phone.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: Stop. Go away. You are sucking all
dialog: ny energy out. I have important
dialog: things to deal with. Real problems
dialog: to solve. Please, stop...
text: Norman finally hangs up.
text: On Hanna, looking at the Chinese kettle with endless
dialog: gratitude:
speaker_heading: HANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. BERGDORF GOODMAN - LATER 80
text: Norman is asleep on a reclining chair by the dressing rooms.
text: His coat and hat are on his lap.
text: His phone is plugged into an outlet on the wall. They are
text: both recharging.
text: SHOPPING TOURISTS walking by look down at Norman, as if he
dialog: were one of the (less) meticulously designed mannequins in
dialog: the store.
text: Norman's phone RINGS! It wakes Norman. He takes into one of
text: the SMALL DRESSING ROOMS.
scene_heading: - SHARED WITH - INT. PHILIP’S OFFICE: 81
dialog: 
text: Philip has entered a small, private phone booth in the
text: reception area of his office.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: PHILIP
text: It’s done. Eshel’s son is on the
dialog: list. You don’t want to know what
dialog: this cost me. But he is on the
dialog: list, Now, please deliver that
dialog: Rabbi, Norman. If I decide I want
text: to marry a camel with three humps,
dialog: this rabbi still better be there
text: with his talis.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Thank you, Philip. You'll have your
dialog: Rabbi tomorrow.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Please don’t make me wait. I want
dialog: to be able to tell my parents by
dialog: tomorrow that this is settled.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: By tomorrow evening he’1l be
dialog: expecting your call.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Morning. Not evening.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It’s delicate. Trust me. There is a
dialog: process here. Five PM I'll call
dialog: you. Okay?
text: They both hang up.
text: Norman dials Hanna again.
scene_heading: INT. HANNA’S BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING - ISRAEL 82
text: Hanna has just_woken up (she is seven hours ahead). She takes
text: the phone and locks herself in her bathroom, pushing her
text: THREE YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER out the door - Once alone, she
dialog: composes herself and answers:
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: Good morning, Norman.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Did you sleep okay? Family sleep
dialog: okay? Everybody happy over there,
dialog: Hanna?
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: We are fine... yes...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yeah, it is nice to be right there
text: in the inner circle with the prime
dialog: minister.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: To be the person whispering in his
dialog: ear, deciding who gets to speak
dialog: with him and who doesn’t. It feels
dialog: ood, doesn’t it? Comfy. Everybody
dialog: issing your ass... But you
dialog: remember that it has nothing to do
dialog: with you, right? You are the
dialog: smallest cog in the system. In case
dialog: you forgot, Hanna. The smallest
dialog: mistake and you_are gone, It can
dialog: all disappear. You can disappear.
dialog: You are nothing Hanna. Just like
dialog: me...
text: Hanna is listening in silence, as her daughter is banging on
text: her door, crying...
scene_heading: INT. BERGDORF GOODMAN - DUSK 83
text: Norman hangs up. He looks down at his phone. We see hi
text: screen. He scrolls down his contact list, stopping at: © RSHEL
speaker_heading: PRIVATE CELL”
text: Norman deliberates for a brief moment, then, impulsively,
text: presses CALL.
text: He holds his breath while he waits.
scene_heading: INT. MICHA ESHEL’S CLOSET - NIGHT - ISRAEL - SAME TIME 84
text: We are in a walk-in closet in Micha Eshel’s private
dialog: residence.
text: In a BOX with other unused items from before he was elected,
text: we see an outdated cellphone vibrate and come to life.
text: We see the screen: “NORMAN”
text: Our view moves back to reveal Naomi, Eshel’s wife, sleeping
text: alone in her bed.
scene_heading: INT. BERGDORF GOODMAN - DUSK 85
text: Norman, looking out one of the windows gverjooking Central
text: Park at dusk, is holding his phone carelessly in his hand as
text: it continues buzzing in Eshel’s closet.
text: We close in on Norman’s face. He is exhausted, consumed by
dialog: frustration. It leads us back to--
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET HALL - DAY 86
text: Back in the hall, Rabbi Blumenthal is still speaking.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Or... we leave here and start
dialog: looking for a new location,
dialog: wandering from one temporary
dialog: arrangement to another. Which in my
dialog: humble opinion would mean the end
dialog: of this community.
text: There is a collective sigh and groan around the table.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah. But... let’s not despair -
dialog: this is where our friend Norman
text: Oppenheimer comes in. Norman...
text: All eyes shift to Norman.
text: Norman looks up, takes a sip from his plastic cup of orange
text: juice, wipes his mouth with a napkin, and -
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I might have a donor who will match
dialog: your pledges up to seven million.
dialog: In other words, ou raise half
dialog: the amount, the bail
dialog: Ours, I mean.
dialog: ding is yours.
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER 1
dialog: Who’s the donor?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Can’t say. He will remain
dialog: anonymous.
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER 2
dialog: Who donates seven million dollars
dialog: and wants to stay anonymous?? That
text: doesn’t make sense.
scene_heading: BOARD MEMBER 3 BOARD MEMBER 1
dialog: What do you care? He’s a It's a legitimate question.
dialog: modest man. As long as he’s It’s a lot of money, we
dialog: good for it. should know who he is.
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER 2
dialog: Do we know this person? Is he, or
dialog: she, a member of the community?
dialog: Is he sitting here in the room
dialog: right now?
text: We cut to see the members of the board around the table,
text: looking at each other, then back at Norman.
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: What? Maybe this is a money
dialog: laundering scheme... Does he want
dialog: anything in return this anonymous
dialog: donor?
text: Norman is shaking his head with a polite smile on his face.
dialog: His lips are seale
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86
scene_heading: FEMALE BOARD MEMBER BOARD MEMBER 1
dialog: I have a feeling I know who Are we playing a guessing
dialog: we are talking about. Does game now?
dialog: his last name start with an
dialog: R?
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER 2
dialog: If he can say goodbye to seven
dialog: million, why won’t he just pay for
dialog: the whole t ing?
dialog: It’s just a number for these
dialog: people, it’s not real money.
text: Our view moves down Norman’s body, following his arm to his
text: hands to his fingers, SCRATCHING his SWOLLEN AND INFLAMED
text: CALF. It is an obsessive scratch that leaves BLOOD STAINS on
text: Norman's fingernails when we see him bring his hand back up
text: to the table..
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER 1
dialog: Seven million is real. When you get
dialog: into the hundreds of millions,
dialog: that’s another story.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Let’s not get greedy. This is a
dialog: very generous gift... And it should
dialog: motivate our entire community to
dialog: become involved.
text: (placing his hand on
dialog: Norman’s shoulder)
dialog: Thanks to Norman, we are only seven
dialog: million dollars away from finally
dialog: owning our home.
text: We close in on Norman, with the rabbi’s hand weighing on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER 2 (0.S.)
dialog: But we need some kind of letter.
dialog: How do we know he even exits? With
dialog: all due respect...
scene_heading: FEMALE BOARD MEMBER (0O.S. BOARD MEMBER 1 (0.S.)
dialog: A letter of intent. You nee Some kind of written
dialog: a letter. commitment.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: You can give us a letter, right? A
dialog: formal letter.
text: Norman_notices his blood-stained fingernails and immediately
text: conceals them in his fist.
scene_heading: BOARD MEMBER 2 (0.S.) FEMALE BOARD MEMBER (0.S.)
dialog: Notarized. It should be Legally binding.
dialog: notarized.
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER 1
dialog: The money should be in escrow...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86
text: Just as the picture FADES OUT, we see Norman’s face reveal
text: the slightest sign of discomfort.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SANCTUARY - LATER 87
text: Norman is sitting alone on one of the benches, He has his
text: swollen leg up, resting on the seat next to him.
text: He is looking at the MEMORIAL PLAQUE - hundreds of names
text: engraved in bronze sheets on the wall.
text: Cutting to a new angle, we realize we are seeing Norman from
text: the POV of Rabbi Blumenthal who is standing by the door.
text: Feeling his presence, Norman puts his leg down. They exchange
text: a smile.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: It’s worth saving... Whoever your
dialog: guy is, he is doing a great thing.
dialog: Thank you.
text: Norman accepts the acknowledgment with a nod. Just as R.
dialog: Blumenthal is about to leave --
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL (CONT'D)
dialog: You sure you can’t tell me who it
dialog: is? I probably should know. I'd
dialog: like to thank him... Just between
dialog: you and me. Is it Arthur Taub?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He was very clear about staying
dialog: anonymous.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Maybe just... Can you tell me why
dialog: he is doing this?
text: Norman thinks about this for a moment.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He can afford it. He knows me. I
dialog: told him about the community and
dialog: the history of the building, and he
dialog: said sure, why not. It is money he
dialog: gives away anyway... If not to us,
dialog: then to some other charity.
dialog: The rabbi accepts that answer, although we sense there is a
text: trace of skepticism still there.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: And why does he insist on remaining
dialog: anonymous?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 87
text: There is a fraction of a second before Norman responds that
dialog: indicates he might _ not have a good answer. But then he is
dialog: back on the bal
dialog: Because ify copie find out he did
dialog: this kind o thing, there will be
text: hundreds of other requests. It is
dialog: not his usual type of charity. He
dialog: is doing this as a favor to me. And
dialog: I promised him I won't reveal his
dialog: name.
text: The rabbi is nodding his head, examining Norman’s face.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Well. It is a good thing. That’s
dialog: all I can say. Please thank him, on
dialog: behalf of all of us.
dialog: Not that raising the other half is
dialog: going to be easy... But the
dialog: challenge - It’s good. It’s good.
dialog: We should all open up our hearts...
dialog: and wallets. Goad knows there are
dialog: some big wailets in this community.
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: If there is any way you think it
dialog: would be appropriate to honer this
dialog: mysterious : man, or woman, some kind
dialog: dedication... Or if there is
dialog: something you would like me to
dialog: lO...
dialog: Norman has been waiting for this opening from the beginning
text: of the scene.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Now that you mention it, the person
dialog: who introduced me to Mr! Anonymous
dialog: is my nephew, a very successful
dialog: young lawyer, maybe I mentioned him
dialog: to you - Philip Cohen. He just got
dialog: engaged to a very sweet girl...
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Mazaltov.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: ..-from a Korean background.
dialog: He could use some help with her
dialog: conversion and officiating the
dialog: wedding.
text: R. Blumenthal is nodding his head, understanding that he is
text: cornered.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Philip Cohen?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: If it was simple, he wouldn’t need
dialog: your help...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 87
text: A beat. Then:
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Have him give me a call. I’1l see
dialog: what I can do.
dialog: A transaction has been made.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Thank you, Rabbi.
text: R. Blumenthal places his hat on his head, takes a moment to
text: himself, then he exits the building.
text: Once alone in the Sanctuary, after he hears the main doors
text: shut, Norman lifts his swollen leg back up.
text: e pulls at the cuff of his pants enough to reveal the
text: BLEEDING HIVES on his calf and around the swollen ankle -
text: But Norman doesn't want to look at it so he immediately
text: covers it back up.
text: He takes out his phone We see his screen: He goes to
text: CONTACTS. He scrolls through the names on his screen -
text: hundreds of names zoom by.
text: They mesh with: The MEMORIAL PLAQUES on the wall - the names
text: fill the frame - Zoltans and Sigmunds and Isadoras and
text: Miklos, Weinbergers, Mandelbaums, Rolats and Lefkowitzs -
text: dissolving into each other, creating a blurry collage of
text: contacts on Norman’s phone and the dead sounding Jewish names
text: on the wall.
text: We hear Norman on the phone:
speaker_heading: NORMAN (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Philip. It’s your uncle Norman.
dialog: You’re all set. Call Rabbi
dialog: Blumenthal. He’s expecting your
dialog: call.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. ESHEL’S OFFICIAL RESIDENCE - NIGHT - ISRAEL 88
text: Duby and Eshel are standing outside a door leading into an
dialog: official reception area.
text: There are 2 SECRET SERVICE MEN standing near them, but Duby
text: and Eshel are speaking as if they were alone.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I don’t like this. It smells like
dialog: something Maor would do...
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: We can learn a thing or two from
dialog: Maor. Sometimes you have to hold
dialog: your nose and smile politely.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: A89
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 88
speaker_heading: DUBY (CONT'D
dialog: It is all a question of balance.
dialog: The Russians need to see that you
dialog: are aware of their interests.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Just so that we both understand
dialog: what we are talking about. A
dialog: Russian gas Teerany is jeopardizing
dialog: our peace talks and getting between
dialog: us and the Turks because
dialog: reconciliation in this area is a
dialog: threat to their monopoly in Europe.
text: Duby nods his head. Eshel doesn’t like this...
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Even if it seems dirty to you, it
dialog: is important and necessary,. The
dialog: Americans are backing our talks for
dialog: the exact same reason - to break
dialog: the Russian monopoly in the
dialog: European gas market. No difference.
dialog: For us it is just a question of
dialog: keeping the right balance between
dialog: all these interests.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: So now we are calling it ‘balance’?
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: I like the word balance more than I
dialog: like compromise...
text: Dub opens the door and with a slight touch on Eshel’s lower
text: bac e pushes him into the reception.
text: We hear cameras clicking from the other side of the door.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION ROOM - NIGHT A89
text: Eshel has a frozen smile on his face as a DELEGATION OF
text: RUSSIAN BUSINESSMEN is being introduced to him in procession.
text: Duby is standing next to him, both impressed and a bit
text: worried by Eshel’s grin.
text: There is a SIMULTANEOUS INTERPRETER translating the Russian
dialog: to English.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: Yury Golubev deputy energy minister
dialog: of the Russian Federation.
text: Handshakes and head nods.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: A89
dialog: 89
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: A89
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER £conr’ D)
dialog: Valery Spektor, head of the general
dialog: agency for legal protection of
dialog: Military, special and dual-use
dialog: intellectual property at the
dialog: ministry of Justice of the Russian
dialog: Federation.
text: Handshakes and head nods.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Oleg Dubik, previous president of
dialog: Ufa State Petroleum Technological
dialog: University and current head of the
dialog: directorate of legal support for
dialog: international business. And Igor
dialog: Seleznev, deputy head of booster
dialog: compressor station No.2
text: From Eshel’s POV we notice Ron Maor is also in the room,
text: mingling with Russian delegation members in a way that is
dialog: much too friendly.
text: The fake smile on Eshel’s face goes sour right before the cut
dialog: to:
scene_heading: INT. ESHEL’S BEDROOM - NIGHT - ISRAEL 89
text: Eshel, in his underwear, is pacing the room.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Something doesn’t feel right. I
dialog: don’t know what it is. But there is
text: a lump in my chest when there
dialog: shouldn't be. My intentions are
dialog: pure. They are. I’m pretty sure
dialog: they are.
text: He pauses, as if to check within himself for any
text: contaminating intentions.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: A decent, moral, good human being
dialog: can’t function in*these circles of
dialog: power, money, national pride. It’s
dialog: impossible.
text: He enters his walk-in closet and is drawn to look in the box
text: containing his old, private CELL PHONE.
text: He picks up the phone and his charging cable.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: The internal moral compass that a
dialog: private person navigates with, is
dialog: completely useless for a leader of
dialog: a country. Right?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 81.
dialog: 89
dialog: We now see that all this time he has been talking to Naomi,
text: his wife, who is lying in bed with a book in her hand, half
text: listening to him without losing her place on the page.
text: Eshel plugs his phone cable into an outlet. It comes to life.
text: Eshel smiles.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at that, my private life still
text: has a signal.
speaker_heading: NAOMI
dialog: I meant to ask you - do you want
dialog: me to continue paying the bill for
dialog: ing us about
dialog: that phone? It’s cos
dialog: four hundred shekel a month...
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: (going through missed
dialog: calls)
dialog: Yeah, lets keep it. But we should
dialog: try to get on a better plan. They
dialog: must have a cheaper plan than that.
dialog: Why is it four hundred shekel? I
dialog: haven't used it in months. Do they
dialog: know it’s mine?
speaker_heading: NAOMI .
dialog: I’1l call customer service
dialog: tomorrow.
text: From his POV, we see his screen as he scrolls passed the
dialog: missed calls from Norman.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Norman Oppenheimer was looking for
dialog: me. I should call him. He has
dialog: always helped that lump in my chest
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: NAOMI
dialog: And I never understood why -
dialog: If anything, he should make that
dialog: lump feel worse.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Why do you say that? He’s a good
dialog: friend. I’ve never met anyone as
dialog: generous as he is...
text: Eshel climbs into bed.
speaker_heading: NAOMI
dialog: Generous is a strange way to
dialog: describe him.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: He is! He has a tremendous heart.
text: She puts her book down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 82.
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: NAOMI
dialog: Okay, without saying anything
dialog: negative about Norman Oppenheimer,
dialog: he’s not your “friend.” He’s
dialog: someone that you take advantage of
dialog: when it’s convenient for you.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I doubt he feels that way.
dialog: That's actually pretty insulting.
speaker_heading: NAOMI
dialog: No it’s not. It’s just the reality.
dialog: When you needed him in New York you
dialog: allowed him to enter you life, now
dialog: that you don’t need him anymore,
dialog: you completely ignore him. But I’m
dialog: not complaining about that because
dialog: I think he’s an embarrassing human
dialog: being and he shouldn’t have been in
dialog: your life in the first place.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
text: (placing his hand over his
dialog: chest)
dialog: Now you’re making that. lump feel
dialog: worse. You really think I deceived
dialog: him in some way?
speaker_heading: NAOMI
dialog: Maybe not consciously. And I
dialog: believe you that you consider him a
dialog: friend. But I think the right thing
dialog: to do, at least at this point, is
dialog: pot to take anymore favors from
dialog: im.
text: Eshel thinks about this for a second. He seems to agree with
dialog: at Naomi.
text: what Naomi is saying. He puts his phone down and looks over
text: Then... Switching tone:
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I don’t remember you protesting
dialog: when Norman offered to help connect
dialog: us to that Harvard guy for
dialog: Davidy...
speaker_heading: NAOMI
dialog: No, but I didn’t feel comfortable
dialog: with it and it still bothers me.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: But you went along with it... We
dialog: took the favor.
speaker_heading: NAOMI
dialog: Honestly - what went through my
dialog: mind was that Norman probably can’t
dialog: deliver on this anyway, that it’s
dialog: just another empty promise, so I
dialog: didn’t see the point in making a
text: fuss over it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: And you also really want Davidy to
dialog: get into Harvard... so you figured
dialog: you'll let this one go. If it
dialog: doesn’t help, it wont’ hurt
dialog: either... Right?
speaker_heading: NaoMt
dialog: No. In fact, f yo must know - I
dialog: did think it nig! t hurt Davidy. The
dialog: last person in the world he wants a
dialog: referral from, especially at
dialog: Harvard, is Norman Oppenheimer. But
dialog: I didn’t want to hurt Norman’s
dialog: feelings and since I didn’t think
dialog: anything would come of it anyway,
dialog: yes, et it go.
text: They remain in silence for a beat.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I’m glad you didn’t hurt his
dialog: feelings. That was very nice of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NAOMI
dialog: (turning around and
dialog: shutting off the light
dialog: You’re in no position to judge me,
dialog: Mr. Prime Minister.
scene_heading: INT. ESHEL’S BEDROOM - LATER - ISRAEL 90
text: Eshel in his bed. He can’t sleep. It is that lump in his
text: chest. We close in on his worried face.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 91
scene_heading: A_ NEWSPAPER HEADLINE 92
text: “Unnamed New York businessman is central figure in an
dialog: investigation into payments made to Israel's prime minister”
text: With a picture of Eshel, and Duby on the edge of the frame
text: whispering something in "the prime minister’s ear.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. STARBUCKS - DAY 93
text: The Starbucks is extremely crowded. Norman is by the window
text: bar with his PAPER.
text: To his left and right, people and their elaborate coffees and
text: muffins are pushing against him, while he reads:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 93
dialog: “Israeli prosecutors asked a Jerusalem court on Tuesday for
dialog: permission to take testimony from a foreign man...
text: Norman’s brain is working.
text: Out the window, across the street, we notice a MAN who looks
text: as if he just stepped out of an East European Shtetl, looking
text: directly at Norman.
scene_heading: INT. ESHEL’S RESIDENCE - MORNING - ISRAEL 94
dialog: 
text: Eshel, by his breakfast table, eating a croissant with jam
text: together with his 2 BODY GUARDS ooking at the front page
dialog: of an Israeli paper where this mysterious {nvestigation is
text: the big story of the day with a bold headline that reads: “IT
dialog: T.
text: And a caricature of Eshel as a PROUD PEACOCK on top of a pile
text: of rotten EGGS.
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE SCHWARTZ’S OFFICE IN THE WHITE HOUSE - DAY 95
text: Bruce is on the phone, while he scans the newspaper on his
dialog: desk.
text: We see another piece of the item (or hear Bruce read it):
dialog: “Speculation about Eshel’s future has weakened him
text: politically even as he undertakes delicate negotiations with
dialog: Israel’s neighbors...”
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Is this serious? Do we need to be
dialog: worried?
scene_heading: INT. DUBY’S OFFICE - DAY - ISRAEL 96
text: Duby is on the other side of the line, looking down at a pile
dialog: of Israeli newspapers, all with variations of the word
text: CORRUPTION in their headlines.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: (clearly very worried)
dialog: I don’t know yet.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Can we help?
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Maybe. I don’t know who this
dialog: buSinessman is yet, but if he is an
dialog: American citizen, he can’t testify
dialog: without your justice department
dialog: being part of the procedure.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Let me look into this.
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. STARBUCKS - DAY 97
text: Norman looks down at his phone scrolling down his contacts,
text: stroking his face, scratching his ear. He dials - PHILIP
speaker_heading: COHEN.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING - DAY - AT THE SAME TIME 98
dialog: 
text: Philip is getting out of an elevator, waving good mornings to
text: his co-workers as he makes his way to his office and speaks
dialog: to Norman.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Doesn’t look good for your guy. Do
dialog: ou know who he is, the New York
dialog: usinessman?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: If I did, is there any way we can
dialog: help Eshel?
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Careful. Don’t put your nose into
dialog: this if you don’t have to... This
dialog: kind of investigation brings the
dialog: worst out of everyone.
text: As Norman speaks, he looks out the window.
text: From Norman’s POV, we see the SHTETL MAN pacing the sidewalk
text: right outside the Starbucks, unapologetically ooking at
text: Norman, as if he is waiting for him.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But what do you think? Does it
dialog: sound serious?
text: Philip enters a room full of people waiting for him.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Oh, it’s serious. Bribery is
dialog: tricky. Especially in Israel where
dialog: you have the Mideastern mentality
dialog: of giving baksheesh and cutting
dialog: corners and a legal system run by
dialog: tight-assed German yekkes. If they
dialog: can prove he accepted a gift, he’s
dialog: done. He could end up in jail...
dialog: Gotta go.
text: He hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. /EXT STARBUCKS - AT THE SAME TIME 99
text: So does Norman. He is confused. Outside, we still see the
dialog: Shtetl man.
text: Norman is contemplating something. He looks at the contact
text: list on his phone.
dialog: 100
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. CAROL RASKIN’S OFFICE - DAY 100
dialog: We are in the United States Attorney's office in lower
dialog: Manhattan.
text: There are 5 LAWYERS in this room, one of them, the person in
text: charge, is CAROL RASKIN, who is speaking directly to--
text: Alex Green, sitting across her desk.
text: Carol is holding a copy of the New York Times in her hand as
text: she disciplines Alex.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You have the president of the
dialog: United States inquiring about an
dialog: investigation that I don’t even
dialog: know about! This is not the Middle
dialog: East, Ms. Green! In this part of
dialog: the world, there are rules. There
dialog: are regulations. There are
dialog: agreements between countries on how
dialog: to obtain evidence in a criminal
dialog: case... ecially if it has to do
dialog: with a lester of a foreign country!
dialog: How could I not know this
dialog: investigation was going on??
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Because it’s not going on. Yet. It
dialog: is a newspaper headline, not an
dialog: investigation.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: So where are they getting this
dialog: from? Is the Israeli police
dialog: questioning an American citizen or
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: As far as I understand, they’re
dialog: still figuring out if they have
dialog: enough information to make a proper
text: request. The witness doesn’t even
text: know he is a witness at this point.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Wait. You didn’t speak to this guy
dialog: yet?
text: Alex hesitates before she answers.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a simple question. Did you
dialog: speak to him?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I did. Ona train. A casual
dialog: conversation that lead me to make
text: some inquiries and file a report.
dialog: That is all it is right now.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: A report. The Israeli prosecution
dialog: is still considering whether or not
dialog: to submit a request for legal
dialog: assistance. But someone there
dialog: leaked this to the Israeli press
dialog: before I even had a chance RG speak
dialog: to the witness.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Who is he? What’s his name? Your
dialog: witness...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: He claims he is a friend of yours.
dialog: Do you still want to know his name?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I'll find out sooner or later...
dialog: Who is he?
dialog: His name in Norman Oppenheimer.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE STARBUCKS - DAY 101
text: Norman is exiting the Starbucks with his paper under his arm
text: and his coffee in his hand.
text: But then he stops in his steps. He thinks for a moment. He
dialog: has an idea...
scene_heading: INT. CAROL RASKIN’S OFFICE - DAY 102
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Norman Oppenheimer?
text: Alex nods her head.
text: Carol places the newspaper on her desk, leans back in her
text: chair, and smiles.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: Norman Oppenheimer?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Are you kidding me?
text: Alex shakes her head. Carol loses her smile.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: Unbelievable.
dialog: (takes a moment)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 102
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D
dialog: You're going to topple down a
dialog: democratically elected, acting
dialog: prime minister and jeopardize
dialog: America’s long term foreign policy
dialog: because of something Norman
dialog: Oppenheimer told you on a train??
text: Alex remains silent.
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCKS —- DAY 103
text: Norman is back in the Starbucks, waiting for the restroom. As
text: he waits, he is restless. He seems excited about something.
text: Perhaps he is rehearsing a conversation in his head.
scene_heading: INT. CAROL RASKIN’S OFFICE - DAY 104
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (deep breath
dialog: Alright. I’m glad we had this
dialog: meeting. No harm done. m going to
dialog: call Bruce Schwartz Sad ter him
dialog: there is no investigation involving
text: an American citizen going on. End
dialog: of story. False alarm. We can all
dialog: relax.
text: Carol looks up at Alex to see if she is understanding her.
text: But Alex’s expression is anything but relaxing.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t give me that look. Norman
dialog: Oppenheimer is not a friend of
dialog: mine. I know him like I know four
dialog: million other people. I don’t even
dialog: remember what the connection is. He
dialog: knows a cousin of mine... He sends
dialog: me e-mails... I don’t think I’ve
dialog: ever responded to him. If he turns
dialog: out to be a crook, I couldn’t care
dialog: less. But trust me- Norman
dialog: Oppenheimer might be a royal nudge,
dialog: but he is not your villain. He’s a
text: poor, jonely shmo trying to
dialog: survive. And he is a pathological
dialog: liar, in case you didn’t notice.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I don't think he is a villain
dialog: either, but over the past three
dialog: years he has been unusually
dialog: generous toward the prime minister
dialog: of Israel and has created an
dialog: intricate network of people who
dialog: benefit from the access he provides
dialog: for them. In my part of the world -
dialog: that kind of behavior warrants an
dialog: investigation, Especially if he is
dialog: a pathological liar...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 104
text: Carol takes her point, but before she has a chance to
text: respond, Alex's phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT’D
dialog: Sorry. I'll shut it of
text: As she reaches to shut off her phone, she sees the name on
scene_heading: the screen: NORMAN OPPENHEIMER
text: She shows the screen to Carol as it continues to ring.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Why is he calling you?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I thought you said he doesn’t know
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: He doesn’t. Not from me...
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCKS RESTROOM - AT THE SAME TIME 105
text: Norman is now in the restroom, anxiously waiting for Alex to
text: pick up. He has balanced his coffee on the rim of the sink.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CAROL RASKIN’S OFFICE - AT THE SAME TIME 106
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Go ahead. Take the call. Put him on
dialog: speaker.
text: Alex places her phone on the desk and puts Norman on speaker.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Hello.
text: WE INTERCUT BETWEEN THE RESTROOM AND CAROL'S OFFICE:
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Alex Green!! This is Norman from
dialog: the train. Norman Oppenheimer - I’ve
dialog: been meaning to call... How are
dialog: you? How have you been?
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: (her eyes locked on
dialog: Carol's)
dialog: I'm fine, Norman. How are you?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Fine, Fine. Can’t complain. I just
dialog: got in from Chicago actually...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 106
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, do you have a minute? You
dialog: probably know why I’m calling.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I can guess, yes.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Don’t worry. I know how discrete
dialog: ou are, so if I'm imposing, feel
dialog: ree to tell me it’s none of my
dialog: business. I’m not going to ask you
dialog: for the guy’s name, either...
dialog: Unless you can tell me.
dialog: Can you’
text: Alex looks at Carol for guidance. She seems just as clueless.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D
dialog: Forget it. Forget it. I didn't ask.
dialog: I respect your professionalism. But
dialog: gest tell me one thing... You’re
dialog: he one dealing with this
dialog: investigation, right? This is your
dialog: department, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Norman...
text: Carol is signaling with her hand to Alex to let Norman go on.
speaker_heading: NORMAN ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes... I’m sorry. Please continue...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'll tell you why I’m calling. I
dialog: hope it’s okay. I know this is
dialog: delicate but I feel it is my duty.
dialog: I think I can help you out.
text: A pause for quizzical looks between Alex and Carol.
text: Norman, who is hyper, inadvertently knocks his coffee over.
text: It is on his pants, the floor, everywhere.
text: There is an INDUSTRIAL MOP in the room. Norman tries to
text: detach the mop from the BUCKET AND WRINGER as he speaks, but
dialog: it is stuck--
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It is no secret that I’m on Eshel’s
dialog: team. I support him. I love him. I
dialog: think he is doing amazing things...
dialog: but I was just thinking - whoever
dialog: this person is, this unnamed
dialog: businessman, I probably know him.
dialog: Right? Maybe I can shed some light
dialog: on whatever it is that happened and
dialog: help you make sense of it. Another
dialog: point of view for you to consider,
dialog: that’s all I’m offering here. If it
dialog: helps Eshel too, it is the least I
dialog: can do...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 106
text: Carol is completely bewildered by Norman’s tactics.
text: Alex seems too shocked to say anything.
text: And Norman, in the restroom, has finally detached the mop,
text: splashing soap-water all over himself and the room and
text: toppling over the bucket.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you say, Alex? Meet me for
dialog: coffee. There is a reason why we
dialog: met on that train. You never
dialog: know... Right? You never know...
text: Alex looks up at Carol for_her verdict. Reluctantly, Carol
text: nods her head with approval.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: How is today at four? Come to my
text: office in the consulate.
text: Norman smiles at his reflection in the restroom mirror. He
dialog: did it! He got his foot in.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Perfect.
text: As he grabs a bunch of paper towels out of the dispenser...
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCKS - CONTINUOUS 107
text: Norman, wet and disheveled, with his wet newspaper still
text: under his arm, casually exits the restroom, ong his’ over the
text: puddle that has formed around the door, noddin is head
text: apologetically to the 3 ANNOYED CUSTOMERS waiting outside.
text: We catch a glimpse of SHTETL MAN, now standing on line for
text: coffee. But Norman is too preoccupied to notice him.
text: Norman is on his phone as he exits the Starbucks.
scene_heading: INT. PHILIP’S OFFICE - DAY 108
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I can’t talk to you right now.
scene_heading: EXT. MADISON AVE - DAY 109
text: Norman walks down the avenue.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes you can. Meet me downstairs.
dialog: I’m right around the corner from
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 109
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Did you find out who it is?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Better. I’m meeting the
dialog: investigator who is in charge of
dialog: the whole thing. Come downstairs.
dialog: Give me five minutes.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Norman, I can’t...
text: But Norman has hung up.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE TO PHILIP’S OFFICE BUILDING - DAY 110
text: Madison Ave. - busy, crowded mid-town sidewalks, and Norman,
text: waiting anxiously by the entrance to Philip’s office
dialog: building.
text: Norman sees Philip rushing out.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Thanks for coming down...
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: What are you doing? You're acting
dialog: like a maniac. Look at you...
dialog: Why are you getting involved? This
dialog: thing is bad for Israel, bad for
dialog: America, bad for Jews, bad for
dialog: everybody. Step away...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It is bad for everybody, that’s why
dialog: I want to help...
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: How can you help? It’s a political
dialog: war going on seven thousand miles
dialog: from here. Eshel’s rivals found
dialog: this cockamamie story and they’re
text: going to use it to take him down.
dialog: There is nothing you can_do about
dialog: it, Don’t get involved. It is too
dialog: 1g.
text: Philip looks at Norman to see if his reasoning is entering
dialog: his head. It isn’t--
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Just tell me one thing.
dialog: Hypothetically, if this guy, this
dialog: businessman, came to you for
dialog: advice. If he wanted you to
dialog: represent him. What would you tell
dialog: im?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 110
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Why? You want to approach him? It’s
dialog: ad idea...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Maybe if we give him an gption that
dialog: isn’t so harmful to Eshel.
text: Philip looks at Norman, trying to figure out what his real
text: interest here is. Norman is looking back at him, waiting for
dialog: an answer.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: I'd throw him out of my office.
dialog: That’s what I’d do. I wouldn’t want
dialog: anything to do with him. He is a
text: threat to an acting prime minister.
dialog: Even if it doesn’t end up having
dialog: any criminal implication,
dialog: apparently his dealings with Eshel
dialog: are embarrassing enough so that his
dialog: olitical rivals thin they can _ use
dialog: im to hurt Eshel. Eshel’s people
dialog: can’t ignore that. They have too
dialog: much to lose... They’re going to
dialog: strike back. Dig up everything they
dialog: can find on this guy. The FBI will
dialog: get involved... No matter how you
dialog: ook at it, this guy is fucked.
dialog: And you want to avoid him like the
dialog: plague.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What if you knew him and he was
dialog: asking you for help?
text: Philip takes this in. Suddenly it dawns on him - Norman may
text: be the unnamed businessman. He carefully considers his next
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Are you saying something I don’t
dialog: want to hear? What are you saying?
speaker_heading: NORMAN ;
dialog: I’m not saying anything. I’m just
dialog: asking.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Norman, listen to me. Whoever this
text: unnamed businessman is, he is in
dialog: very serious trouble. And he needs
dialog: e@ very careful about what he
text: says now and who he speaks to.
text: Norman thinks this over for a moment.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I’m only asking if there is a legal
dialog: way to defuse this?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 110
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: If I’m meeting the investigator,
dialog: and I find out who this man is, I
dialog: want to be able to offer him
dialog: something. Let’s think creatively.
text: Philip can’t conceal his panic. He takes a step back.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: I’m not sure I can offer him
dialog: anything. This man needs a very
dialog: good criminal lawyer. Don’t be
dialog: creative. And don’t meet this
dialog: investigator.
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: PHILIP (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you do that?
text: Norman seems confused. But he nods his head.
text: Philip backs away, verifying with his eyes that Norman has
text: internalized his instructions. He disappears into the
dialog: building.
text: Norman is pacing the street with his phone in his hand. It is
dialog: bigger than him. And he can’t resist it...
text: Across the street, we see THE SHTETL MAN, but Norman doesn’t
dialog: notice him.
scene_heading: INT. ISRAELI PARLIAMENT - DAY - ISRAEL 111
text: Eshel is in his seat on the parliament floor, listening to,
text: absorbing - a scathing speech delivered with much pathos by
speaker_heading: RON MAOR.
text: We focus on Eshel's face, on Duby’s face, on Hanna’s face, as
dialog: they are forced to hear sentences like:
speaker_heading: RON MAOR.
dialog: We‘ve seen politicians with no
dialog: backbone gain power before - that
dialog: is not new... We’ve seen political
text: opportunists who grossly distort
dialog: e@ will of the citizens who voted
dialog: them into office, only to
text: shamefully gain favor in the eyes
dialog: of foreign rulers in service o
dialog: interests that are not our own -
dialog: that is not new either. But never
dialog: in our nation’s history has a man
dialog: of such low moral standing, so
text: spiritually empty, so
dialog: unapologetical y hedonistic,
dialog: selfish I dare say - been ina
dialog: position to do so much damage to
dialog: our people and our nation, as the
dialog: man I'm pointing to right now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 111
text: Hanna’s phone is blinking. She looks at her screen. It is
speaker_heading: NORMAN.
text: She shows it to Duby, who is standing next to her by the side
text: door to the parliament hall.
text: Duby shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: No. Not today. I can’t deal with
dialog: Norman.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: But if I don’t answer he will drive
dialog: me crazy all day. He’ll_ call ever
dialog: three minutes. It’s easier to jus
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Alright, but keep it short. Don’t
dialog: let him get involved in anything.
text: Hanna steps out as she answers her phone.
scene_heading: INT. ISRAELI PARLIAMENT CORRIDORS - DAY - ISRAEL - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: Norman. How are you?
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN STREET - DAY 113
text: Norman is walking and talking on his phone. Hyper and
dialog: excited.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Forget me. How are you??
speaker_heading: HANNA
text: Busy as usual.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Any chance you can connect me to
dialog: the prime minister or to Duby?
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: I'm afraid they're...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Wait, before you say no. Listen to
dialog: what I have to sa they’ re going
dialog: to want to hear t is. m meeting
text: with the woman who is in charge of
dialog: this investigation that is going
dialog: on. Her name is Alex Green. She’s a
dialog: good friend of mine and she agreed
dialog: to meet me today at four.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 113
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m going to try and get as much
dialog: information as I can, but if Duby
dialog: wants to brief me before this
dialog: meeting, that might make the
dialog: meeting more productive...
text: Hanna doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: Norman, I don’t think it is such a
dialog: good idea for you...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Will you give them this message?
dialog: Tell them I’m meeting with Alex
dialog: Green today. They can use me
dialog: however they want. I’m like a
text: puppet in their hands. It’s a
dialog: riendly conversation, off the
dialog: record... She’s a good friend. I've
dialog: known her for years. My wife used
dialog: to babysit her...
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: Norman. Hold on a second. Just wait
text: on the line.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CHOCOLATIER - DAY - CONTINUOUS 114
text: Norman stops by the CHOCOLATIER where he saw Eshel in the
text: beginning of the film while he waits. We see his POV looking
text: into the shop: beautiful, colorful chocolate treats.
dialog: Rich chocolate and direct access to power - his heart is
text: palpitating with excitement. Finally:
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (to his phone)
dialog: Duby! I’m so happy to hear your
dialog: voice. How are you? What’s going
dialog: on? Can you tell me who...
scene_heading: INT. ISRAELI PARLIAMENT CORRIDORS - DAY - ISRAEL 115
text: We see Duby walking out of the parliament hall with Hanna’‘s
text: phone, fuming. He enters a SMOKING AREA closed off with glass
text: walls, where he can finally raise his voice.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Shut up, Norman.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Shut up and listen to what I’m
dialog: saying to you. I don’t want you
dialog: meeting anybody on our behalf.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: DUBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Creating the impression that in
dialog: someway you are connected to our
dialog: office is a severe punishable
dialog: crime. Do you understand me?
text: SILENCE. Hanna is watching Duby on the other side of the
dialog: glass.
speaker_heading: DUBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to make sure I am clear
dialog: about this. Stop using the prime
dialog: minister’s name. Just stop. Don’t
dialog: do it anymore. He is not your
dialog: friend and you do not have an
dialog: relationship with him. I forbid you
dialog: to meet with this woman.
dialog: Do you understand what I’m saying?
dialog: Answer me.
text: Norman's eyes are focused on a tray with beautiful NUT COATED
speaker_heading: TRUFFLES.
text: Then the focus changes - reflected in the shop window, Norman
text: notices the THE SHTETL MAN standing across the street. He
text: realizes that this man has been following him around since he
text: first saw him through the Starbucks window.
text: After a pause.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes. I understand.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Good. Goodbye Norman.
text: Duby hangs up, exits the smoking area and hands the phone
text: back to Hanna as if the phone itself is contaminated.
speaker_heading: DUBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Enough. Don’t answer his calls
text: anymore. He is cut off. No more.
dialog: Just the thought of him talking to
dialog: an investigator makes me want to
dialog: vomit. And find out who Alex Green
dialog: is...
text: Something is bothering Hanna.
speaker_heading: DUBY (CONT'D)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: I’m not sure it was such a good
dialog: idea to insult Norman that way...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: UBY
dialog: That’s the “problem with these
dialog: Normans - they’re a double edged
dialog: sword - if you keep them in the
dialog: loop, you become more and more
dialog: dependant on them until they
dialog: gradually own you. - if you cut them
dialog: off, they blackmail you for the
dialog: rest of your life.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: I think he is just trying to help.
dialog: If you would have told him nicely
dialog: that he would be helping us if he
dialog: didn’t speak to anyone, I think
dialog: that would have been more
dialog: effective.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: I don’t want to talk about Norman
dialog: anymore. Lets find out who this
dialog: businessman is. I need a name! In a
dialog: day every newspaper in the world
dialog: ill want to know who this man is
dialog: and we need to be prepared...
text: He walks back into the parliament hall.
scene_heading: INT. ISRAELI PARLIAMENT - DAY - ISRAEL 116
dialog: 
text: With Ron Maor’s speech still in the background, we see Duby
text: hand a SMALL FOLDED NOTE to an USHER who brings it to Eshel.
speaker_heading: RON MAOR (0.S.)
dialog: How will we explain this tragicy
dialog: historical accident to our children
dialog: and grandchildren? How, I ask you?
dialog: By. preventing it. By voting against
dialog: this dangerous agreement,
text: masquerading as a peace treaty.
text: Eshel receives the note. He opens it.
text: It reads: “WHO IS HE?”
text: Eshel looks over_at Duby, signaling with his hands and
dialog: sincere eyes - “I have no idea”.
speaker_heading: RON MAOR (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Giving in to our enemy's /every, la last
dialog: demand is not peace!! It’s calle
dialog: LOSING!
text: Heckling and uproar in the room! Duby exchanges a final
text: concerned glance with Eshel before he leaves the parliament
text: hall, pulling Hanna with him.
dialog: 117
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE PARLIAMENT HALL - ISRAEL - CONTINUOUS 117
dialog: 
text: A tight shot on Duby and Hanna.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Call Norman. Tell him you want to
dialog: apologize for how I spoke to him.
dialog: Then tell him we know who the guy
dialog: is and we are not worried. This
dialog: unnamed businessman has so many
text: skeletons in his closet, sex
dialog: offenses, tax fraud, money
dialog: laundering, the man is a total mess
dialog: = no prosecutor in the world would
text: dare put him on the witness stand.
text: Hanna is confused.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: You know who he is? Who is he??
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Just do what I said. And make it
dialog: sound as if you are telling this to
text: him in confidence, behind my back.
dialog: Make him swear not to repeat what
dialog: he just heard.
dialog: Hanna gets it.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: You think he'll repeat it all to
dialog: the investigator.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: He’1l be trying to prove to her
dialog: that he knows what’s going on. And
dialog: not only to her. He’ "ut spread the
dialog: word all over the place and he’1l
dialog: probably exaggerate it so that it
dialog: sounds even worse. Call him. Make
dialog: him believe there is nothing to
dialog: worry about. His beloved prime
dialog: minister is perfectly fine.
dialog: Go. Make the call.
dialog: But how do you A now he is going to
dialog: meet with that investigator? You
dialog: told him not to.
text: Duby smiles.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: Just call him.
scene_heading: EXT. INT. SUBWAY STATION - DAY 118
text: Norman is going down the escalator towards the Subway in
text: Grand Central Station. He is on his phone--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118
dialog: 119-121
dialog: 122
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 118
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He did? --You know who he is, the
dialog: businessman?? --...I can’t tell you
dialog: how relieved I am to hear you say
dialog: this. Thank you, Hanna. Please tell
dialog: Duby that I understand his
dialog: situation completely. And if there
dialog: is anything he needs me to do, he
dialog: knows I’m here for him and for the
dialog: rime minister. -- That’s what I
dialog: ike to_ hear. The prime minister is
dialog: a very lucky man to have you on his
dialog: side, Hanna. You know that, right?
dialog: Really, this kind of loyalty is so
dialog: rare. It’s sacred. I hope you know
dialog: that... --Of course. Say no more.
dialog: My lips are sealed. Good luck,
dialog: Hanna.
text: By now Norman has stepped off the escalator and pulled out
text: his METRO CARD. But instead of going through the turnstile,
text: he stops in his steps.
text: Invigorated with a new sense of purpose, Norman changes his
text: mind about taking the subway. He turns back to get on the
text: escalator going back up to Street level.
text: As he heads up, he sees the Shtetl man on the downward
text: escalator. THEIR EYES MEET as they pass each other.
text: The Shtetl man immediately turns around and heads up against
text: the direction of the escalator, so not to lose Norman.
text: At this point Norman understands that he is being followed.
text: He quickly cuts through the crowd towards the exit.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 119-121
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, NEAR GRAND CENTRAL STATION - DAY 122
text: Norman exits Grand Central into the busy street, startled.
dialog: We see Norman’s POV - New Yorkers of all ages, color, class
dialog: and ethnicity - but no shtetl man.
text: Then he sees him exit the station, casually walking away.
text: Norman runs after him.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hay. You. Hold on a second.
speaker_heading: SHTETL MAN
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes. You. Why are you following
dialog: me? What do you want?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 122
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 122
speaker_heading: SHTETL MAN
dialog: First of all, nice to meet you.
dialog: Srul Katz.
text: Srul pulls out of his pocket a pack of BUSINESS CARDS wrapped
text: in a rubber band. He wants to give one to Norman, but Norman
text: steps back.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No. Excuse me. Don’t give me that.
dialog: I don’t want it. Stop following me
dialog: around. Okay?
speaker_heading: SRUL
dialog: Why are you angry? Don’t be angry.
dialog: I’m not ollowing you around. By
dialog: sheer coincidence I happen to be
dialog: going where you are goin What do
dialog: you want me to do? I apo ogize. I’m
dialog: sorry...
text: Norman looks at the man, evaluating him. He is unkempt, on
text: the heavy side, with some stains on his shirt and an old,
text: worn-out hat on his head.
text: Norman nods his head in disbelief and is about to turn away.
speaker_heading: SRUL (CONT'D)
dialog: But if we’re alread taiking, If I
dialog: can take a few minutes of your
dialog: time, I’m glad to finally feet you
dialog: in person. You’re the Eshel guy,
dialog: right? Oppenheimer. Maybe Zvi Fink
dialog: mentioned me to you.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: How do you know Zvi?
speaker_heading: SRUL
dialog: Zvi and I are very close. My wife
dialog: ractically grew up in his parents
dialog: ouse. I’m helping him out with a
dialog: few things. Actually I’m seeing him
dialog: later tonight. You should come say
dialog: hello. I know he’d be very happy to
dialog: see you.
text: Norman seems confused. He just looks at Srul, not saying a
dialog: word.
speaker_heading: SRUL (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong? You look shaken up.
dialog: How can I help you? What do you
dialog: need?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What do I need??
speaker_heading: SRUL
dialog: Yeah. Give me the honor of helping
dialog: you out. You’re a choshuv e’man.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 122
speaker_heading: SRUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me walk with you. Where are
dialog: you going?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: To the Israeli consulate on Second
dialog: Ave.
text: Srul puts his arm in Norman's and begins to walk with him.
text: Norman is too surprised by this strange gesture to resist it.
text: They walk together.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY 123
text: Norman and Srul turn the corner together.
speaker_heading: SRUL KATZ
dialog: So, who’s the guy? Do you know who
dialog: he is, the New York businessman?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: If I knew, would I tell you?
speaker_heading: SRUL KATZ
dialog: I heard a rumor. But I was sworn to
dialog: secrecy.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Don’t believe what you hear.
speaker_heading: SRUL KATZ
dialog: You obviously know more than me,
dialog: but whoever it is, one thing is for
dialog: sure. It’s a conspiracy. They found
dialog: a way to assassinate Eshel, without
text: actually killing him.
text: Norman thinks about this for a second.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Don’t bury Eshel yet. Trust me.
dialog: He’s not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: SRUL KATZ
dialog: Why, what do you know?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I can’t go into details, but let’s
dialog: just say this unnamed | businessman
dialog: is... He’s a nobody , a parasite,
dialog: trying to extort the prime
dialog: minister. He is the ewest of the
dialog: low... He made up a story. The
dialog: whole thing is made up. Eshel
dialog: doesn’t even know the man.
text: Norman stops. He is suddenly having a hard time stabilizing
text: his breathing. Srul notices Norman’s stress and waits
text: patiently for Norman to recompose.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 123
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I_really shouldn’t say anything
dialog: else.
text: Srul faces Norman with a sympathetic look. They continue
text: walking in silence.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, CORNER OF CONSULATE - DAY 124
dialog: 
text: They arrive at the consulate.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I think I’m okay from here on.
dialog: Thank you. I appreciate it.
speaker_heading: SRUL KATZ oo,
dialog: You sure? I’m happy to go in with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No. That’s okay.
speaker_heading: SRUL KATZ
dialog: I can wait for you outside...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No. Thank you. I’m good from here.
dialog: Really, thank you very much. I
dialog: appreciate it.
text: Srul pulls out his business cards and hands one to Norman.
text: Norman looks at it. It reads: “KATZ STRATEGIES, INC.”
speaker_heading: SRUL KATZ
dialog: Call me, if you ever need anything.
dialog: Anything at all. I’m happy to help.
dialog: Zel gezunt.
text: Norman nods his head, perplexed by the whole encounter.
text: As Norman walks into the consulate, he turns back to see that
text: Srul Katz is still standing there, smiling, waving.
scene_heading: INT. ISRAELI CONSULATE - DAY 125
text: All we see is the back of Norman’s head and his somewhat
text: distorted reflection in the ONE WAY MIRROR that separates him
text: from the security guard behind the window.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (to the intercom)
dialog: My name is Norman Oppenheimer. I
dialog: have an appointment with Alex
dialog: Green.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 125
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE
dialog: Please empty your pockets into the
dialog: tray.
text: A tray is pushed out from the bottom of the window. Norman
text: pulls out his wallet, keys change Srul Katz’s business
text: card, and his EPIPEN. He plac he items on the tray.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you have a cell phone?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE
dialog: Please shut it off and put it in
text: the tray as well.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Will you give it back to me?
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE
dialog: When you leave.
text: Norman places his phone on the tray. The phone and the rest
text: of the items are swallowed into the one-way mirror divider.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: Please enter, collect your
text: possessions on the tray, and follow
text: the yellow line to the third door
dialog: on your right.
text: A LOUD BUZZER IS HEARD, UNLOCKING THE DOOR.
scene_heading: INT. CONSULATE SECURITY BOOTH - CONTINUOUS 126
text: This is a two door system. The second door won’t open until
text: the first door is closed. But Norman is afraid to have both
text: doors closed at the same time, so he keeps his foot in the
dialog: first door.
text: The walls of this small, isolated security booth are all
text: dark, one-way mirrors.
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD VOICE
dialog: Mr. Oppenheimer, you need to close
text: the first door for the second door
dialog: to open.
text: Before he removes his foot from the door - Norman looks back
dialog: outside -
text: The glare of daylight is strong and blinding, but Norman is
text: pretty sure Srul Katz is still standing there, smiling.
text: We sense that Norman is recognizing something in Srul’s face -
text: as if he has seen this smile before.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: A127
dialog: 127
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 126
text: But the door closes. And locks. Before Norman can put his
text: finger on why and where Srul is familiar to him.
text: Norman presses his face against the one-way mirror to try and
text: see what is behind it, but all he sees is his own distorted
text: reflection. Norman panics and tries to reopen the door.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (to the one-way mirror)
dialog: You know what, I forgot something.
dialog: I’m canceling’ my meeting. Can I
dialog: have my phone back?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: (knocking on the window)
dialog: Hello? Anybody there? I’m not going
dialog: in. Can I have my stuff back?
dialog: Hello... Hello... please, open the
dialog: door! Open the door!
text: A LOUD BUZZER IS HEARD. The second door unlocks. Norman
text: opens the second door and goes through. The door shuts on our
text: lens, creating a BLACK SCREEN.
dialog: We hear over black:
speaker_heading: ALEX'S VOICE
dialog: It’s Okay. Come.
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE
dialog: They told me not to meet with you.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF NEW YORK - NIGHT A127
text: It is the end of the work day, Manhattan at its most crowded
dialog: hour.
text: Everything is a blur, except for Norman, walking the streets,
text: lost in a daze, with his phone in one hand, and an ENVELOPE
dialog: in the other.
text: We close in on Norman’s face. His eyes are BLOODSHOT AND
speaker_heading: SWOLLEN.
scene_heading: INT. ISRAELI CONSULATE CORRIDOR 127
text: We_see the yellow line on the floor, as Norman’s feet are
text: walking down the corridor.
text: At the end of the yellow line, we see Alex waiting at the far
text: end of this naked, fluorescent lit corridor.
speaker_heading: ALEX'S VOICE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: A129
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 127
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE
text: The prime minister’s office. Duby.
dialog: I don’t want to upset them. This
dialog: was a mistake. He’1ll know I’m here.
text: We cut to a closer shot of Alex’s grim face.
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: Please, I should really go. I
dialog: apologize, I respect you very much,
dialog: but I°-can’t do this. This is
dialog: serious. I shouldn’t have called
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It is good that you called. And I’m
dialog: lad you are here. Please, sit
dialog: own. I want this conversation to
dialog: be straightforward and honest. Do
dialog: you think you can do that?
dialog: Cut to a shot of:
scene_heading: ENDLESS, SILKY, DESERT MOUNTAINS AT SUNSET. 128
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I don’t want to make things worse
dialog: for Eshel.
text: We see a FLASH OF ALEX sitting behind a desk in her office.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF NEW YORK - NIGHT A129
text: On Norman’s face. He stops walking. He can hardly breathe.
text: Rushed New Yorkers walking around him pay no attention to
text: him. Then a shot of:
scene_heading: A CAMEL AND OLD CITY JERUSALEM IN THE BACK GROUND: 129
speaker_heading: ALEX'S VOICE
dialog: I’ve spent the last few months
dialog: trying to find out more about you.
dialog: Where you come from, what you do,
dialog: who your friends are. your
dialog: family... Your financial situation.
text: A FLASH of Alex offering a GLASS OF WATER toward the camera.
text: Then a shot of:
scene_heading: HAPPY FARMERS HARVESTING RICH LAND, PICKING PERFECT ORANGES.0
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ALEX'S VOICE
dialog: But what I’ve discovered is very
dialog: strange.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
speaker_heading: A133
dialog: 133
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 130
speaker_heading: ALEX'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Everybody seems to know who you
dialog: are. But nobody knows anything
dialog: about you. Even people who say they
dialog: have known you for years.
text: A FLASH of Alex in the office pulling out a FOLDER FULL OF
text: DOCUMENTS. Then a shot of:
scene_heading: UNDERWATER PHOTOGRAPHY OF EXOTIC FISH AND COLORFUL CORAL. 131
speaker_heading: ALEX'S VOICE
dialog: For instance, I wasn’t able to
dialog: verify that you have a daughter, or
dialog: that you were ever married.
dialog: Were you? Do you have a daughter?
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Why are you collecting information
dialog: about me?
scene_heading: INT. ALEX’S OFFICE 132
text: And now finally we see Alex in her office, in sync, speaking
text: directly to Norman.
text: Over her head, on the office walls, we see FRAMED PICTURES,
text: with images of the Israeli Tourism Ministry's version of
dialog: Middle Eastern bliss:
scene_heading: --THE FISH, --THE DEAD SEA, -- THE FARMERS, --_THE CAMEL-—
text: they are all framed pictures hanging on the wall behind Alex.
text: Our focus changes to Alex’s face.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Because I think the kind of
dialog: relationship you’‘ve established
dialog: with the prime minister of Israel
dialog: is illegal. I think it is corrupt.
scene_heading: INT. MEN’S CLOTHING BOUTIQUE - DAY A133
text: A shot of Eshel reflected in the mirrors of the fitting room
text: from the scene in the beginning of the film, as he tries on
text: the SUIT. Eshel exchanges a glance with Norman.
text: Norman is smiling, but by now we know him well enough to
text: sense a nervousness in his eyes and the itch around his neck.
text: WE HEAR THE SOUND OF A MOVING TRAIN, taking us to:
scene_heading: INT./EXT. TRAIN - NIGHT 133
text: We flash back to the scene on the train from Washington to
text: New York. Alex and Norman are reflected in the train window.
text: Their faces are lit by a passing dight from outside the
text: moving train creating a strobing effect.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 133
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Do you have a specific area of
dialog: expertise? Can you explain to me
dialog: how your business works? If it is
dialog: not too complicated... I’m curious.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Have you ever played rummikub?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: My mother used to_hate playing with
dialog: me, because I would mess up the
dialog: board, break up existing sets and
dialog: try to create new ones with
dialog: whatever lousy pieces I had on my
dialog: rack. Sometimes I'd mess it up so
dialog: bad, there was no way to put
dialog: everything back. My mother would go
dialog: crazy. She’d say, if you don’t have
dialog: a specific, simple move, just pick
text: up a tile and let the game continue
dialog: to_the next player. But usually,
dialog: all I needed to finish my turn, is
dialog: one little Joker. That’s all you
dialog: need. If you have the Joker, you
dialog: can afford to take some risks.
dialog: Somehow, with a Joker in your hand,
text: all the tiles fall into place.
speaker_heading: ALEX |
dialog: I’m sorry. I still don’t
dialog: understand...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: That’s what I do. I’m the Joker. As
dialog: soon as you put me in the game,
dialog: things work out. Here, let me show
dialog: you.
text: Norman refers to the yellow legal pad with the diagrams he
dialog: had drawn for her. It takes us back to:
scene_heading: INT. ALEX’S OFFICE - DAY 134
text: We see Alex’s LEGAL PAD on the table with the diagrams and
dialog: names that Norman wrote down on that train ride. Our view
text: tilts up from the diagram to Alex's face.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: The unnamed New York businessman -
dialog: You are that man, Norman. You are
dialog: our witness.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No, I'm not.
speaker_heading: A135
speaker_heading: B135
speaker_heading: C135
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF NEW YORK - NIGHT A135
text: FLASH to Norman walking in the busy street. He closes his
text: eyes and shakes his head, as if to block away what Alex is
dialog: saying.
scene_heading: INT. AIPAC CONVENTION HALL B135
text: Norman is looking around at the forest of human encounters
text: frozen in time. At once, everyone in the room TURNS TO LOOK
scene_heading: DIRECTLY A HIM.
text: We see Norman, in a panic, clutch his EPIPEN.
scene_heading: INT. ALEX’S OFFICE - DAY C135
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: We can subpoena you. You have no
dialog: choice.
text: This does not come naturally for Alex, but she reaches out
text: and touches Norman’s trembling hand. Norman needs this
text: gesture. He allows her to keep her fingers over his hand for
text: afew gcconds. By now, his face, his eyes, are EXTREMELY
speaker_heading: I ED.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I have to leave now. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You need to hear what I have to
dialog: say. We are arranging an early
dialog: deposition for you tomorrow. I
dialog: gan’ t force you to stay here now
dialog: ut...
text: Alex has an ENVELOPE in her free hand. She places it on the
text: table in front of Norman. Norman pulls his hand away and
text: gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: This is your official notice...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Do they know it is me?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Duby, Hanna... Eshel. Do they know
dialog: it 1s me?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: If they don’t already, they will
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What will they do to me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: C135
speaker_heading: D135
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: C135
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: If you cooperate with us tomorrow.
dialog: If you testify and speak truthfully
dialog: about sSverythang ¥ you've
dialog: experience we will protect you
dialog: from self incrimination. It will be
dialog: about him. Not about you.
text: There is an ITCH that Norman feels around his collar bone, he
text: scratches it violently, without any awareness that he is
dialog: doing this.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But what will Eshel do to me?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: They will try to convince the court
dialog: and the public that you are an
dialog: unreliable witness. That will most
dialog: likely be their defense.
text: Norman nods his head. Alex hands him the NOTICE.
text: Norman hesitates for a brief moment, then he takes the
text: envelope. Right before he exits the room--
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Norman turns around and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK AVE. - NIGHT D135
text: Norman is standing on the median of Park Ave. in Midtown,
text: looking down at the ENVELOPE. He is frozen stiff in the
text: middle of one of the busiest spots in the world.
scene_heading: INT. PRIME MINISTER'S OFFICE, CABINET ROOM - NIGHT - ISRAHG5
text: On Eshel’s shocked face.
text: The camera pulls back to reveal Duby whispering into Eshel’s
text: ear, while Eshel is sitting at the center of a room, waiting
dialog: for a cabinet meeting to begin.
text: We see Hanna standing near by, holding her phone in her fist.
text: Eshel wants to say something, but in this setting he can’t
text: say a word. He looks over at Duby Duby steps back, out of
text: the light. A SHADOW falls over Duby’ s face.
speaker_heading: BECAME SCENE A127 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: A SERIES OF SKETCHES - SUPERIMPOSED: 137
dialog: 
text: Cartoons, caricatures - of Norman in relation to the prime
text: minister, under the sound of Duby’s voice.
speaker_heading: DUBY (V.O.)
dialog: Right now, very few people know who
dialog: Norman Oppenheimer is, but in a few
dialog: days everyone will want to. We have
dialog: an opportunity to brand him...
text: First caricature: Norman is a rich uncle offering a lollipop
text: to an innocent, child-like prime minister on a street corner.
speaker_heading: DUBY (V.0.)
dialog: ...-To introduce him to the world in
dialog: a way that will disqualify him as
dialog: witness and at the same time paint
dialog: the prime minister as an innocent
dialog: victim.
text: Second caricature: Norman as a stray mutt latching onto the
text: prime minister’s leg as he tries to shake him off with an
text: olive branch on his way up to receiving the Nobel peace
dialog: prize.
speaker_heading: DUBY, (V.0.)
dialog: If our leader is a victim... We are
dialog: all victims...
text: Third Caricature: Norman is the sore toe on the foot of an
text: aching prime minister portrayed as Atlas with a globe
text: weighing heavily on his shoulders.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: How am I victim? We are too
dialog: powerful to be victims...
speaker_heading: DUBY (V.O.)
dialog: Never say that... It is not true.
text: Fourth caricature: A Cinderella-like situation. Norman, with
text: a devious smirk on his face, trying to fit a shoe on Eshel’s
text: foot. Eshel appearing as a delicate, beautiful princess.
scene_heading: INT. PRIME MINISTER’S OFFICE - NIGHT - ISRAEL 138
text: On Eshel’s face sitting behind his desk. He looks devastated.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: You are Mr. Peace right now. The
dialog: press will be on your side - Nobody
dialog: wants to see our peace efforts go
dialog: down the drain because of the
dialog: fantasies of some Jewish macher. We
dialog: need to portray him as a delusional
dialog: name-dropper who has been sucking
dialog: your blood for years.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: DUBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to say this in a clear
dialog: way, not only because it is
dialog: necessary, but because it is true.
text: Eshel exchanges a look with Hanna.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: There must be another way. Norman
dialog: is a friend. A very generous
dialog: friend. I can’t hurt him.
speaker_heading: DUBY
dialog: It is not about you and him. It is
dialog: much bigger than whatever personal
dialog: feelings you might have right now.
dialog: And bigger than the pain it brings
dialog: on any one person.
text: Eshel is shaking his head, he needs more...
speaker_heading: DUBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Norman Oppenheimer is a threat to
dialog: our national interests.
dialog: You_need to treat him like you
dialog: would any other threat. This is not
dialog: your choice. It is your duty.
text: It sinks in.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE FROM ESHEL’S FACE TO NORMAN, STANDING AT:
scene_heading: EXT. PARK AVE. - NIGHT 139
text: Norman is standing on the median of Park Ave., waiting for
text: the LIGHT to change. He takes a deep breath.
text: He_ sees A MAN ON A BIKE in the middle of the street,
text: balancing himself on his bike with both feet on the pedals as
text: he waits for the light to change.
text: The biker is in his 40s, wearing a business suit, tie anda
text: helmet on his head. He is determined to stay on his bike for
text: the duration of the light without putting his feet down.
text: Norman’s PHONE RINGS. He looks at the screen. It is PHILIP
speaker_heading: COHEN.
scene_heading: INT. PHILIP’S OFFICE - NIGHT 140
text: Philip is on the phone. They are silent for a moment.
dialog: Finally.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I took your advice. I didn’t g° to
dialog: the meeting. I’m stepping bac
dialog: like you said.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 140
text: Philip doesn’t know how to respond. Across from his desk, on
text: a shelf, one of the many framed pictures we see of Philip
dialog: with different sports celebrities and politicians, is a
text: PICTURE OF ESHEL, PHILIP and NORMAN, taken at the Aipac
dialog: convention. Finally—-
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: I’m proud of you. Good move.
text: Another beat of silence.
speaker_heading: PHILIP (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you there, Norman?
text: Norman's eyes are fixed on the BIKER as he skillfully
text: maneuvers his body on the bike to keep from falling, without
text: advancing into the busy intersection.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I’m here.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I’m fine. I think my body is
dialog: reacting to something I ate. I'll
dialog: take a Benadryl. I’1l be fine...
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Good. Good. ...I wish _I could be
dialog: more helpful... but, I don’t...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: I’m a good swimmer, Philip. Don’t
dialog: worry. As long as my head is above
dialog: water...
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: You are a good swimmer. That’s for
dialog: sure.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You have been a very big help,
dialog: Philip. Thank you. I appreciate it.
dialog: Thank you.
text: Philip is silent. He can hardly breathe. His face is red.
text: Norman hangs up.
text: Finally the LIGHT CHANGES and the biker pedals forward with
text: the rest of the traffic. Norman hails a cab.
scene_heading: EXT. RABBI BLUMENTHAL’S SYNAGOGUE - NIGHT 141
text: Norman exits the cab in front of the synagogue.
text: He tries to open the door to the synagogue but it is locked.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 141
text: He RINGS THE BUZZER. There is no response.
scene_heading: EXT. SYNAGOGUE ALLEY - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 142
text: Norman walks around the building into the narrow alley where
text: there is a decorative window into the main sanctuary.
text: Norman climbs on a garbage can and peeks through.
text: The sight of the dimly lit empty sanctuary is comforting for
text: Norman, so he just stands there with his face pressed against
dialog: the window. Then:
speaker_heading: MAN’S VOICE
dialog: Can I help you?
text: Norman turns around. It is Rabbi Blumenthal.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Rabbi!
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: You! What are you doing here??
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I need to talk to you.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: You need to sign those escrow
dialog: papers, that’s what you need. Do
dialog: you realize we are going to lose
dialog: all our pledges if this anonymous
dialog: donor doesn’t come through, not to
dialog: mention this building, and my job!
dialog: Why aren’ t you answering my phone
dialog: s??
text: Norman, still standing on the garbage can, says nothing.
text: Rabbi Blumenthal understands what Norman’s silence means.
speaker_heading: k RABBI BLUMENTHAL (CONT’D)
dialog: Fuck!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I’m working on it.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Fuck!!
text: He kicks the garbage can. Norman falls to the ground!
text: Rabbi Blumenthal kicks one of the garbage bags right into
text: Norman’s face.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL (CONT’D)
dialog: I should have known. I should have
dialog: known not to trust you. I should
dialog: have known. It’s my fault. What do
dialog: I do now??
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 142
text: Norman, on the ground, covered in garbage, just looks at him
dialog: with nothing to say.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Was there a donor? At any point?
dialog: Ever? Or did you just make him up?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I thought I had someone. And I
dialog: might still have him. But it is not
dialog: a sure thing...
text: They look at each other. When Norman finally tells the truth,
text: there is something disarming about his demeanor.
speaker_heading: RABBI BLUMENTHAL
dialog: Then why did you tell us you had a
dialog: donor? Why would you do that?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I don’t know.
text: The rabbi shakes his head in despair and walks away.
text: Norman sits himself up and leans against the wall, removing
text: pieces of PICKLED HERRING from his coat and face.
dialog: Then-- HIS PHONE RINGS!
text: Norman locates his phone and looks at his screen: ESHEL
speaker_heading: PRIVATE CELL
text: Norman takes a deep breath.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. ESHEL’S PRIVATE RESIDENCE - SUNRISE - ISRAEL 143
text: Eshel, with his phone to his ear, is in his private garden.
text: The sun is coming up.
text: Norman finally answers, but doesn’t say a word.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: Is that you, Norman?
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Norman, are you there?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Is it safe for us to talk?
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: It probably isn’t. But there is
dialog: something I need to tell you before
dialog: the lawyers and PR people take
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 143
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: And I am speaking to you now as
dialog: Micha Eshe not as the prime
dialog: minister of Israel.
dialog: (he pauses )
dialog: I’m sorry. I’m sorry for what is
dialog: about to happen to you. In the next
dialog: couple of days you are going to
dialog: hear me saying things that I don’t
dialog: really believe. Things about you.
dialog: And it will hurt. It will hurt both
dialog: of us. But the only reason I will
dialog: be saying these things is because
dialog: there are hundreds of thousands of
text: lives at stake. The enemies of
dialog: peace have decided to step all over
dialog: you on their way to behead me. It
dialog: is a terrible price to pay, but
dialog: Norman, I can’t let them win. We
dialog: can’t let them win.
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you accept my apology, Norman?
dialog: Do you forgive me?
dialog: 116.
dialog: 143
text: Norman looks up to the sliver of sky that can be seen
text: through the two buildings on either side of the
speaker_heading: ESHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: History is full of anonymous heroes
dialog: who helped bring | civilization to
dialog: its greatest achievements. While I,
dialog: Micha Eshel, am asking you for
dialog: forgiveness from the bottom of my
dialog: heart, the prime minister of Israel
dialog: is eternally grateful to you for
dialog: being one of those heroes. The day
dialog: I walk up to that podium to sign
dialog: the peace treaty, you will see a
dialog: very specific expression on my
dialog: face. Know that I will be thinking
dialog: of you... Norman Oppenheimer.
dialog: narrow alley.
text: There is a tense silence on both sides of the line. Finally:
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I will never betray you.
speaker_heading: ESHEL
dialog: I love you, Norman. Thank you.
text: Eshel hangs up.
text: He turns to face--
text: DUBY who has been standing on the other side of
dialog: all along.
text: They exchange a look that says - “It’s done”.
dialog: the garden
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 143
text: Then Eshel takes his private phone and throws it into a small
text: DECORATIVE FISH POND on his way back into the residence.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY NEXT TO SYNAGOGUE - NIGHT 144
text: Norman gets up and cleans himself from the garbage that is
text: still stuck to his clothing.
text: laces the garbage cans back where they belong, before he
text: walks away.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN - EARLY MORNING 145
text: A dramatic view of dense Manhattan rooftops before dawn.
text: The streets are still empty.
text: Norman crosses a deserted and freezing street into Central
dialog: Park.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - BEFORE DAWN 146
text: As in the first sequence of the film, this is the hour of the
dialog: fanatics.
text: Norman is sitting on the same bench, watching them pass by in
text: their futuristic winter sportswear.
text: He sees Bill Kavish finishing his run and finding a spot for
dialog: his stretches.
text: Bill sees Norman. Norman approaches.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Good morning, Bill.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Way do you do this? Why do you
dialog: ave this way? Why can’t anything
dialog: ever be simple with you?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Who says simple is good?
text: Bill looks at Norman. Strangely, Norman’s answer is actually
dialog: quite - simple.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I have a business opportunity that
dialog: will interest Jo.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: No, you don’t. Whatever it is, it
dialog: is too small.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 146
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 146
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But it’s your job to listen to me
dialog: anyway, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Jo Wilf doesn’t want to_hear your
dialog: name or see your face. Listening to
dialog: you is not part of my job. No.
dialog: Definitely not now, with your
dialog: friend in trouble...
text: Norman nods his head, looks at Bill stretch his groin. He
text: turns around and walks away. Then:
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait.
text: Norman stops.
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm listening.
dialog: Out of respect , to my father. You
dialog: knew him, didn’t you?
text: Norman nods his head. But before any sentimentality settles
dialog: in--
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: What have you got?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: If you knew with one hundred
dialog: percent certainty that the witness
text: who is threatening to topple down.
dialog: prime minister Eshel will never
dialog: testify, would you know how to
dialog: make money with that information?
text: Bill is intrigued.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Del epends where and how I got the
dialog: ormation and if I can verify
dialog: it... You_realize that you are not
dialog: a very reliable source, right?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Put me in a room with Jo Wilf. I'll
dialog: give him the certainty he needs.
text: Bill is hesitating.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Think about it. Do the numbers.
dialog: Come up with something. You have
dialog: till eight AM to call me.
dialog: Otherwise, I take it to Arthur
dialog: Taub.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: What’s your fee?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 146
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: If this works out, I want Jo Wilf
dialog: to donate seven million anonymously
dialog: to a charity of my choice.
text: Norman walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. 7TH AVE. EARLY MORNING 147
text: New York is waking UP. Commuters are exiting the subway
text: stations, flooding the streets.
text: Shops are opening. Street vendors are setting up for the day.
text: Norman is strolling on the sidewalk, in a pace and world of
text: his own. For the first time in this film, he seems -
dialog: tranquil.
text: An innocent looking, perfectly standard NYC, (NUTS 4 NUTS)
text: NUT VENDOR enters Norman’s POV.
text: It is a cold morning, the OWNER of the nut-stand, wrapped in
text: his puffy winter coat, engulfed in the roasting Smoke,
text: acknowledges Norman who is looking down into the different
dialog: types of sugar coated nuts.
scene_heading: EXT. 57TH ST. AND 7TH AVE - DAY 148
text: We are outside the Brooklyn Diner on 57th St. Through one of
text: the windows we see Norman and Jo Wilf sitting across from
text: each other in a booth.
text: We can’t hear them, but we see that while Norman is
text: explaining his idea, he is writing his usual diagrams on a
text: NAPKIN, names, numbers and a scheme of lines connecting them
text: all. At a certain point, he hands the napkin to Jo. Jo looks
text: at it. He seems impressed. They and shake hands.
scene_heading: EXT. NUT STAND - DAY 149
text: Norman points at the sugar coated, roasted peanuts.
text: phe vendor scoops a bagful and hands Norman the warm paper
dialog: ag.
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: Two dollars.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR BRYANT PARK - DAY 150
text: Norman is walking with the bag of nuts in his hand.
text: Before he enters Bryant Park, he pulls his EPIPEN out of his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 150
text: He looks at the EpiPen for a brief moment before he - throws
text: it into a WATER DRAIN by the entrance to the park
scene_heading: EXT. BRYANT PARK - DAY 151
text: Norman enters the park.
text: He is looking for the perfect spot to sit.
text: We are close on his face, his eyes.
text: Norman finds a lone chair in one of the corners of this
dialog: beautiful urban miracle - the closest thing Manhattan has to
text: a town square.
text: He is surrounded by massive office buildings, the monumental
text: geandeur of the Public Library, anda horde of busy New
text: orkers all around him, paying absolutely no attention to the
text: lonely man holding a bag of peanuts.
text: Norman opens the bag, pulls out a nut, puts it in his mouth.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: OVER BLACK: WE HEAR THE SOUND OF AN ORGAN. GRADUALLY A CHOIR
text: JOINS IN WITH HARMONY AND BEAT...
scene_heading: INT. WEDDING HALL - NIGHT 152
text: Rabbi Blumenthal is officiating the marriage of Philip and a
text: dolled up KOREAN GIRL. Philip’s emotional parents are
text: standing next to his new confused Korean in-laws as Rabbi
dialog: a.
text: Blumenthal places a GLASS buy Philip’s feet. Philip smashes
dialog: the glass.
speaker_heading: WEDDING CROWD
dialog: Mazaltov!
scene_heading: EXT. HARVARD CAMPUS - DAY 153
text: A YOUNG MAN is crossing the campus, entering one of the
dialog: buildings.
scene_heading: INT. HARVARD BUILDING - DAY 154
text: The young man approaches the registration desk, hands over
dialog: his ID.
text: A WOMAN goes over her lists to locate his name. Then...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Welcome to Harvard, Davidy Eshel!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
speaker_heading: A157
dialog: 157
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 154
speaker_heading: DAVIDY ESHEL
dialog: Thank you very much.
dialog: (with a wide smile)
dialog: It is good to be here.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE, CROSS HALL - DAY 155
text: The hall is set up with American, Palestinian and Israeli
dialog: flags.
text: Bruce Schwartz is looking down at a beautiful ceremonial
text: TABLE set up for a peace treaty signing with a satisfied
text: expression on his face. .
scene_heading: TV_ COVERAGE OF JO WILF’S DEAL: 156
text: Over footage of images of massive gas drilling rigs in the
dialog: Arctic Ocean, and pictures of Jo Wilf-
dialog: The HOST is explaining how Jo Wilf had over a billion dollars
dialog: in a_short position against the stock price of the Russian
dialog: Gas Company which plummeted after it turned out Israel and
dialog: Turkey signed an agreement to build a pipeline between the
dialog: two countries even though all the experts were predicting
dialog: Eshel would be {mpeached.
text: Jo Wilf is described as a geoP political genius with a prophet-
dialog: like ability to predict political trends.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BUILDING LOBBY - DAY A157
text: Alex is watching this report. Connecting all the dots, almost
text: positive she understands Norman’s role in Wilf’s ability to
dialog: predict the future...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - DAY 157
text: Stepping onto the long Cross Hall red carpet in the White
text: House are - a pair of BRAND-NEW SHINY BLACK DRESS SHOES.
text: After a few steps on the carpet, the shoes stop.
text: A reverse angle reveals a MARINE CEREMONIAL GUARD AND A
scene_heading: FESTIVE CROWD OF DIPLOMATES, DIGNITARIES AND JOURNALISTS
text: waiting for a ceremony to begin.
text: Duby and Hanna are standing to the side of the frame, smiling
dialog: anxiously.
text: On cue everyone begins to applaud.
text: We cut to an extreme close-up of Micha Eshel’s face. He takes
text: a deep breath, absorbing this rare, historic moment.
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: INT. RABBI BLUMENTHAL’S SYNAGOGUE - DAY 158
text: The camera is scanning the beautiful wood paneled Synagogue.
text: It is full of CONGREGANTS, some we recognize as members of
dialog: the board.
text: And one Bill Kavish, sitting in the corner of the room.
text: The camera movement reveals the CANTORIAL CHOIR HARMONIZING A
scene_heading: VERY SWEET VOICED CANTOR SINGING THIS PRAYER:
speaker_heading: CANTOR
text: All those who faithfully occup’
dialog: themselves with the needs of Phe
dialog: community, may the holy one grant
dialog: them their reward, remove from them
dialog: all sickness, preserve them in good
dialog: health, and forgive all their sins,
dialog: may he bless and prosper their
dialog: work, together with all Israel
dialog: heir brethren, and let us say,
dialog: en.
scene_heading: EXT. BRYANT PARK - DAY 159
text: With the cantor and choir still in the background.
text: Norman is now alone in the park, on his chair.
text: Across from him, on the other side of the park, there is an
text: ORGANIST accompanying the cantorial piece.
text: Norman recognizes the man playing the organ - it is Srul
text: Katz, totally immersed in his music.
text: Norman gradually vanishes.
scene_heading: BACK TO: RABBI BLUMENTHAL’S SYNAGOGUE 160
text: The camera leaves the cantor and closes in on the MEMORIAL
text: PLAQUES until it finally focuses on one specific, rather
text: small plaque that reads: “ANONYMOUS”
dialog: --THE END--
dialog: 
