scene_heading: NORTE BY NORTHWEST
dialog: Screenplay by Exnest Lehman
dialog: Directed by Alfred Sitchesck
dialog: Cary Grant, Eva Marie Saint, James Mason,
dialog: Leo G. Carrell, Martin Landau, Jessie Royce Landis
dialog: Pic Raa
speaker_heading: IL
dialog: on
dialog: ( pve)
dialog: a
scene_heading: Chgs. 8-12-58
scene_heading: NORTH BY NORTHWEST
scene_heading: FADE IN: (BEFORE TITLE)
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - DAY
text: A visually beautiful HIGH ANGLE SHOT of midtown
dialog: Manhattan towards the end of an early October
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: NARRATION
dialog: Would it not be strange, in a city
dialog: eof seven million people, if one
dialog: man were never mistaken for another...
dialog: if, with seven million pair of feet
text: wandering through the canyons and
text: corridors of the city, one pair
dialog: of feet never by chance strayed
dialog: into the wrong footsteps?
dialog: {a pause)
dialog: Strange, indeed.
text: MAIN TITLE AND MUSIC COME UP OVER SHOT.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SERIES OF STREET SCENES
text: Over them, THE CREDITS. These scenes should capture
text: the tempo of Madison Avenue and Fifth Avenue tn
text: she Fifties. Streets swarming with smartly dressed
text: People. Revolving doors of sleek new glass-and-
text: steel office buildings spewing out streams of
text: super-charged New Yorkers, hurrying for cabs and
text: busses and subways and cocktail bars. ‘Two bundle-
text: laden women fighting over a cab. A packed bus
text: closing its doors in the face of an irate would-be
text: passenger. A newsboy in front of the Independent
dialog: Sudway entrance. "Trouble in the Middle East!
dialog: Evening papers! Get your trouble in the Middle
dialog: Easti"
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY OF OFFICE BUILDING - MADISON AVENUE
text: Four elevators in action. A starter keeping
text: things humming. Doors close on an elevator.
text: Tt starts up. Another elevator arrives at street
dialog: oe
dialog: .
dialog: rw
dialog: 2-10
dialog: 11
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 9-22-56
text: level. THE LAST CREDIT FADES. The elevator
text: doors open. Crowds pour out, and we HEAR a
text: VOICE at the rear of the car even before the
text: man is revealed to us by the off-going
text: passengers. He is ROGER THORNHILL, tall,
text: lean, faultlessly dressed (and far too
text: eriginal to be wearing the gray-flannel
text: uniform of his kind). He has been dictating
text: to his secretary, MAGGIE, an aging, unbdeautiful
text: woman who has accompanied him down in the ele-
text: vator with pad and pencil tn hand. She will
text: have to scurry to keep up with his impatient
text: stride when they leave the elevator and cross
text: the lobby to the entrance.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (dictating)
dialog: «--Even if you accept the
dialog: belief that a high Trendex
dialog: automatically means a rising
dialog: sales curve, which incidentally
dialog: Ido not accept...
speaker_heading: “(tO elevator starter)
dialog: iNight, Eddie
speaker_heading: STARTER
dialog: Mr. Thornhill.
speaker_heading: THORNHILE
dialog: Say hello te the missus.
speaker_heading: STARTER (sourly)
dialog: We're not talking.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to Maggie,
text: continuing dictation as
dialog: they cross lobby)
dialog: My recommendation is still. the
dialog: Same. Dash. Spread the good word
dialog: in as many small time segments
dialog: as we can grab...
text: (as he pauses at the
dialog: newsstand, buys a paper)
dialog: +eeAnd let the opposition have
dialog: their high ratings, while we ery
dialog: about it ali the way to the bank.
dialog: (moving on)
dialog: Why don't we colonize at the
dialog: Colony one day next week for lunch?
dialog: Let me hear from you, Sam. Happy
dialog: thoughts. Etcetera...
text: (they are at the entrance
dialog: now)
dialog: Better walk me to the Plaza.
dialog: P.2
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: . North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. © 9-4-5838
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (a weary
dialog: moan)
dialog: Walk?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Use your blood sugar. Come on.
text: Ee eases her through the door, follows her to
dialog: the sidewalk.
scene_heading: EXT, STREET ~ TRUCKING SHOT
text: They start to walk west, Thornhill glancing at
text: the newspaper as he goes.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Next?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (consulting
dialog: her pad)
dialog: Gretchen Sabinson.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (grimaces)
dialog: Send her a box of candy from .
dialog: Blum's. Ter dollars. The kind...
dialog: you know... each piece wrapped in
dialog: gold paper? She'll like that.
dialog: She'll think she's eating money.
dialog: Say: ‘Darling, I count the days,
dialog: the hours, the minutes--!
speaker_heading: ‘MAGGIE (interrupting)
dialog: You sent that one last time.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Did I? Then just say: ‘Something
dialog: for your sweet tooth, honey...
dialog: anc all your other sweet parts.‘
text: (Maggie gives him a look
dialog: and he winces)
dialog: I know, I know.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Could we take a cab, Mr. Thornhill?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: A couple of blocks?
speaker_heading: " MAGGIE
dialog: You're late and I'm tired.
speaker_heading: P.3
dialog: il
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (3)
dialog: 12
dialog: North Ry Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 8-12-58 Pe
speaker_heading: THORNHILL 12
dialog: I keep telling you, Maggie, . CONT'D
dialog: you don't eat properly. (2)
text: (steps off the curb,
dialog: tries to flag a cab)
dialog: Taxii... Taxi!
text: He is getting nowhere. Just then, a taxi pulls
text: up before a man who has also been seeking one.
text: Quickly Thornhill darts over and opens the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to the
dialog: man)
dialog: I have a sick woman here. Would
dialog: you mind terribly?
speaker_heading: MAN (2 little
dialog: bewildered)
dialog: Why no... I meane-
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (quicicrly)
dialog: Thank you very much.
text: He quickly bundles Maggie into the cab, follows her
text: in and slams the door shut.
dialog: MAN (still befuddled)
dialog: Perfectly all right...
text: The cab pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - (PROCESS)
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to driver)
dialog: First stop, the Plata. Don't
dialog: throw the flag.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (looking back)
dialog: Poor man.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Poor man nothing, I made hima
dialog: Good Samaritan.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: He knew you were lying.
dialog: ono
dialog: “North By Northwest °
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-16-58 P,§
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (opening up . 13
dialog: the newspaper again) CONT 'D
dialog: In the world of advertising there (2)
dialog: is no such thing as a lie, Maggie, -
dialog: There is only The Expedient
dialog: Exaggeration. Do I look a little
dialog: heavyish to you?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THORNAILL
dialog: I feel heavyish. Put a note on
dialog: my desk in the mrning, ‘Think
dialog: thin,'
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (writing)
dialog: Think thin, °
text: THORNHILL. (to the driver)
dialog: Make it the Fifty-ninth Street
dialog: entrance, driver.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to Maggie,
text: as he continues to peruse
dialog: the newspaper)
dialog: Soon as you get back to the office,
dialog: call my mother, tell her about the
dialog: theatre tickets for tonight. Dinner
dialog: at Twenty One, seven o'clock, I'll
dialog: have had two Martinis at the dak
text: Bar, so she needn't bother to sniff
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: She doesn't do shat,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
text: Like a bloodhound.
text: As the cab pulls up before the 59th St. entrance to
dialog: the Plaza:
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (reading from
dialog: notes)
dialog: Bigelow at ten-thirty is your
dialog: first for tomorrow. You're due
text: at the Skin Glow rehearsal at
text: noon. Then lunch with Falcon and
dialog: his wife --
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-22-58 =P.
text: THORNHILL (handing her 13
speaker_heading: some money) CONT'D
dialog: Oh, yes. Where was that? - (3)
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Larry and Arnold's. One
dialog: o'clock.
text: Thornhill has dropped his newspaper on the seat
text: and is on his way out of the cab.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Will you check in later?
scene_heading: EXT. PLAZA HOTEL : 14
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (now out
dialog: of the cab)
dialog: Absolutely not.
dialog: {to driver)
dialog: Take this lady back where she
dialog: belongs.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to Maggie)
dialog: Don't forget te call my mother
dialog: right away.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I won't, Goodnight, Mr.
dialog: Thornhill.
text: Thornhill slams the door and the cab starts away.
text: Suddenly he remembers something, snaps his fingers,
text: points after the cab.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Wait a minute! You can't call
dialog: her! She's at Mrs, ==
text: He stops. The cab is already on its way. He
text: stands there for a moment looking after it.
text: Then he goes up the steps into the hotel.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY PLAZA HOTEL 15
text: Thornhill glances at his wristwatch as he crosses
text: the lobby to the oak Bar.
dialog: North By Ners
dialog: Chgs. ? gr
scene_heading: INT. OAK BAR
text: Thornhill pauses in the entrance, looking about
text: impatiently. The captain comes up to him. -
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Evening, Mr. Thornhill.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Hello, Victor. I'm looking
dialog: for Herman Weltner and two
dialog: gentlemen --
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (pointing)
dialog: Yes. Right over there.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Oh yes.
text: Thornhill walks to a far corner of the room to
text: the table where WELTNER, an Ivy-League costumed
text: executive, is seated with a MR. NELSON and a
text: MR. WADE, both of whom look like out-of-town
dialog: sponsors, which they are.
speaker_heading: WELTNER (rising to
dialog: his feet)
dialog: Roger. :
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (shaking
dialog: his hand)
dialog: Herman, Sorry I'm so late.
speaker_heading: WELTNER (making
dialog: introductions)
dialog: This is Roger Thornhill.
dialog: Fanning Nelson «-
text: Nelson cups a hand to his ear,
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (shi his
dialog: other hand) icing
text: Delighted.
speaker_heading: WELTNER
dialog: And Larry Wade.
speaker_heading: FHORNETLE (shaking
dialog: 3
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Wade?
speaker_heading: WADE (indicating his
dialog: drink)
dialog: We've gotten a little head start
dialog: here, Mr. Thornhill. .
dialog: hwe st
dialog: 12-58
dialog: ?.7
dialog: 16
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: ~ Chgs. y QUiares P.8
speaker_heading: THORNHILL 16
dialog: Won't last for long. ‘>
text: He sits down, looking about nervously. .
speaker_heading: WELTNER
dialog: Iwas just telling Larry and
dialog: Fanning here that you may be
dialog: Slow in starting but there's
text: nobedy faster down the homestretch.
dialog: (noting Thornhili's
dialog: nervousness)
dialog: What's the matter, Roger? You've
text: got the fidgets.
text: During the following, a bellboy will enter the room .
text: and move among the tables calling out: "Paging
text: Mz. George Kaplan!" Standing in the entrance
dialog: watching the et Tboy's progress (and observed
dialog: by us if we happen to be looking off into big.)
text: are two rather unobtrusive-looking men:
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Something very siliy. I told
dialog: my secretary to call my mother,
dialog: and I just remembered, she's
dialog: not going to be able to reach
dialog: her in time.
speaker_heading: WELTNER*
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Because she's Playing bridge et
text: the apartment of one of her
dialog: cronies...
speaker_heading: WELTNER
dialog: Your secretary?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: No. My mother. And it's one
dialog: of those trand new apartments -
text: all wet paint and no telephone yet.
text: NELSON (cupping his
dialog: ear)
dialog: What was that?
text: Thornhill looks at him with astonishment.
speaker_heading: BELLBOY (approaching)
dialog: - Paging Mr, George Kaplan!
dialog: ‘orth By Northwest
dialog: Chas. 8-12-58
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (sus ing)
dialog: I think maybe if I send her a
dialog: telegram...
speaker_heading: BELLEOY (closer)
dialog: Mr. George Kaplan!
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (signaling
dialog: the boy) :
dialog: Boy - would you come here please?
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE ~ THE TWO MEN STANDING IN ENTRANCE
speaker_heading: TO ROOM
text: They react with sudden interest, glance at each
dialog: other, then look orf again and see:
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW — FROM
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RANCE
text: The bellboy moving up to Thornhill, whese table
text: is well out of earshot of the entrance,
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - THE TABLE
text: Thornhill takes a pen and a long envelope from
text: his inside pocket as he addresses the bellboy:
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Look, I've got: to get a wire
dialog: off immediately, Can you send
dialog: it for me if I write it out for
dialog: you? -
speaker_heading: BELLBO
dialog: I'm not permitted to do that,
dialog: sir, but if you'll follow me --
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to the
dialog: others at the table)
dialog: Will you excuse me for a moment?
speaker_heading: : WADE
dialog: Go right ahead.
text: NELSON (cupping his ear)
dialog: What was that? .
dialog: P.9
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (3)
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: Nerth Br Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 6-12-58 P.1¢
text: Thornhill gives him a quick iook. 19
speaker_heading: . CONT'D
scene_heading: THORNHILL. (to Weltner, (2)
text: as he gets up)
dialog: Herman, if you can scare up a
dialog: double Martini...
dialog: Sure thing.
text: Thornhill walks off with the bellboy,
dialog: NELSON (turning to Wade)
dialog: Where's he going? :
speaker_heading: WADE .
dialog: There's no telephone where his
text: mother is playing bridge.
text: NELSON {stares at
dialog: him a moment
dialog: Why not?
text: Now Wade gives him a icok.
speaker_heading: 20 OUT
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE OAK BaR . 2l
text: Thornhill and the bellboy emerge from the rocm.
speaker_heading: BELLBOY (pointing)
dialog: Right there, sir,
text: THORNHILL (giving him
dialog: a tip)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: BELLBOY |
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: Thornhill starts toward the Western Union
text: office, as the beliboy goes off in another
text: direction. Suddenly the two "unobtrusive" men
text: walk swiftly INTO the SHOT directly behind
text: Thornhill. One of them, who we now see has a
text: Scar on the corner of his right e €, taps him
text: on the shoulaer. He paises and turns,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Yes? :
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 8-13-55
speaker_heading: P
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN (with a 2
dialog: faint foreign accent) c
text: The car is waiting outside (
dialog: You will walk between us saying -
dialog: nothing
dialog: nor
speaker_heading: cS I
dialog: vo
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN (taking
dialog: Thornhill‘s arm)
dialog: Let's go
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Go where? Who are you?
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
text: Mere errand boys, carrying
text: Concealed weapons. His is
dialog: pointed at your heart, so please,
dialog: no errors of judgement, I beg
dialog: of you. .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (pulling free)
dialog: What 1s this - a joke or something?
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: Yes. A joke.
text: he removes his hand from his
text: pocket, shoves a gum into
dialog: Thernhill's rips)
dialog: We will laugh in the car.
text: Thornhill stares at the man for @ moment.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: This is ridiculous.
text: The man nods toward the side entrance and
text: Thornhill starts awey, Slanked on either side.
scene_heading: EXT, STREET ‘22
text: Thornhill emerges from the hotel to the sidewalk.
text: The men take his arms and ease him inconspicuously
text: Past unnoticing passersby to a langosine-parked et
text: the curb. They open the rear door, push
text: Thornhill into the back seat and follow him in.
text: A third man sitting behind the wheel immediately
text: starts the car and pulls aw:
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-22-58 P.12
scene_heading: INT. CAR - PROCESS : 23
text: As the car moves east, Thornhill glances at the
text: stony-faced men on either side of him. He is
text: anxious, but does not want to show it,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Don’t tell me where we're going.
dialog: Surprise me.
text: The men stare straight ahead, saying nothing.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Y'lmow, I left some people
dialog: waiting for me back there in
dialog: the Oak Bar, and they're going
dialog: to think I'm awfully rude, going
dialog: off like this.
dialog: (he waits = no response)
dialog: Imean, if you could let me
text: off at a drugstore for a moment,
dialog: I could call them and explain
dialog: that I'm... .
text: (he glances at the men
dialog: inquiringly)
dialog: +. being... kidnapped?
dialog: “(no yesponse)
dialog: That is what's happening, isn't
dialog: it? .
text: No answer. His glance goes to the door handle.
text: The car has stopped for a red light. Suddenly
text: he lunges for the door and struggles to open
text: it, as the two men watch him calmly. Apparent-
dialog: ly the door has special locks. It will not
text: budge. Thornhill takes his seat again and
text: point sheepishly te the door.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Locked. :
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: EXT. GLEN COVE ESTATE ~ pUSX . 24
text: The car approaches the entrance to a magnificent
text: estate. On the open Gate, a nameplate:
text: TOWNSEND. The car turns into the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. CAR aba
text: Thornhill, flanked by the two men, is locking over
text: his shoulder at the receding gates. He turns
text: forward, looks at one of the men,
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-22-58 P.13
scene_heading: THORNAILL 24x2
dialog: Who's Townsend? rei
text: No answer. He glances at the other man question=-
text: ingly. More stony silence.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Oh, really? Interesting.
text: Then he looks out ahead.
scene_heading: MOVING POINT OF VIEW . 2hxe
text: A curving, tree-lined driveway. Through the
text: trees, a red-brick mansion.
dialog: : 25 ouT
scene_heading: INT. CAR . 26
text: Thornhill is still looking out.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN HCUSE 27
text: An impressive though considerably faded mansion
text: of the early Twenties. The car swings around
text: the circular driveway, pulls up before the
text: entrance. Thornhill and the two men get out.
text: One of the men (he of the scarred eye - his
text: hame is VALERIAN) accompanies Thornhill up the
text: steps to the front door. The other man (LICHT)
text: Zollows them and waits until the door opens before
text: he moves away and follows a path to the rear of
text: She house. After a moment, a stocky, gray-haired
text: woman wearing the uniform of a HOUSEKEEPER opens
text: the front door. Valerian walks Thornhill right in
text: ‘past her.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE 28
text: Beyond the oval foyer, a curving marble staircase
text: leads to a balcony, off which are many rooms.
text: Above the balcony, a stained glass window. Every-
text: where, a kind of seedy grandeur.
speaker_heading: VALERIAN (to housekeeper)
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: HOUSEKEEPER
text: Upstairs, dressing.
dialog: North. By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 8-12-58 = =P.14
speaker_heading: VALERIAN 28
dialog: Tell him I'm here. ay
scene_heading: HOUSEKEEPER -
dialog: The dinner guests are expected,
speaker_heading: VALERIAN (impatiently)
dialog: Never mind. Say to him "Kaplan."
text: At this, the woman glances at Tharnhill.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: By the way - what are we having
dialog: for dessert?
speaker_heading: VALERIAN (to housekeeper)
dialog: Is anyone in the library?
speaker_heading: HOUSEKEEPER
dialog: No. . :
speaker_heading: VALERIAN (to Thornhill,
dialog: brusquely)
dialog: This way.
text: He walks Thornhill to the library door, as the
text: housekeeper goes upstairs.
scene_heading: INT... LIBRARY 29
text: Books, from floor to ceiling. And windows over-
text: looking the rear lawn. In the distance, Long
text: Island Sound. Valerian opens the door, gestures
text: to Thornhill, who enters.
text: VALERIAN (his hand on
dialog: the key)
dialog: You will wait here.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (indicating the
dialog: shelves of books)
dialog: Don't hurry, I'll catch Up on
dialog: my reading. :
text: Valerian closes the door behing him, Immediately,
text: Thornhill goes to the door to open it. Just as
text: his hand reaches the imob, he HEARS the DOOR being
text: LOCKED from the outside. He tries it anyway, then
text: turns, glances around, waiks to the desk, sees
text: Several magazines there: FIELD AND STREAM.
scene_heading: NEWSWEEK... FORTUNE... .ETC
dialog: « In an INSERT, he and
dialog: we see that the addressee on all of them is:
scene_heading: "MR. LESTER TOWNSEND Baywood, Glen Cove, N.y."
text: Thornhill steps to a window, peers out,
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-22-58 P15
scene_heading: BACK LAWN - THORNHILL'S POINT OF VIEW 30
text: A man is playing croquet all by himself in the
text: fading light. His name is LEONARD. Later, we -
dialog: will see him at closer range and perhaps be
text: slightly repelled. He is about thirty, but
dialog: tooks much younger, for he has a soft baby=-
text: face, large eyes and hair that falls down over
text: his forehead. His attitudes are unmistakably
text: effeminate. Hurrying towards him is LICHT,
text: the other abductor. In a brief pantomime, Licht
text: apparently gives Leonard tidings, and they
text: quickly go off together towards the house.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY 32
text: Seeing the back lawn now deserted, Thornhill tries
text: to open the window te escape.. It is locked. He
text: unfastens the catch, raises the window, is about
text: to climb out when he draws back and turns at the
text: SOUND of the DOOR OPENING behind him. In walks a
text: distinguished looking MAN of about forty, profes-
dialog: sorial in manner but definitely sexually attractive
text: (to women), and only slightly sinister.
speaker_heading: MAN (2ffably)
dialog: Good evening... |
text: He holds out his hand. Thornhill takes it uncertainiy.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Not a moment too soon. .
text: MAN (scrutinizing him)
dialog: Well + so...
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Thank you. That explains everything.
text: MAN (still peering at him)
dialog: eeeNot what I expected - a little talier,
dialog: @ little more polished than the others...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (with bite)
dialog: I'm se glad you're Pleased, Mr. Townsend.
text: . MAN (reacts, then smiles)
dialog: o+-But i'm afraid just as obvious.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Forgive me for being obvious, but
dialog: what the devil is this all about?
dialog: Why was I brought here?
speaker_heading: MAN (wearily)
dialog: Cames?...Must we?
dialog: Thornhill
dialog: Nerth By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-22-58 P.16
speaker_heading: THORNHILL 31
dialog: Not that I mind a slight case of CONT'D
dialog: abduction now and then, but I do 2
dialog: have tickets to the theatre tonight
dialog: and it was a show I was looking
dialog: forward to and I get, well, kind of
dialog: unreasonable about things like that.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: With such expert play-acting, you
dialog: make this very room a theatre.
dialog: (the man of the croquet
dialog: wickets enters)
dialog: Ah - Leonard. Have you met our
dialog: distinguished guest?
text: LEONARD (staring at
dialog: Thornhill) .
dialog: He's a well-tailored one, isn't he?
text: gives him a look of distaste.
speaker_heading: MAN.
dialog: My secretary is a great admirer
dialog: of your methods, Mr. Kaplan.
dialog: Elusiveness, however Misguided--
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (interrupting)
dialog: Wait a minute. Did you call me "Kaplan"?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh, I know you're a man of many
dialog: names, but I'm perfectly willing
dialog: to accept your current choice.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Current choice? My name is Thornhill
dialog: - Roger Thornhill - and it's never
dialog: been anything elise.
dialog: Of course...
text: Leonard starts to chuckle.
scene_heading: THORNHILL (smiling)
dialog: Obviously your friends picked up
dialog: the wrong package ‘when they bundled
dialog: me out here in the car. :
speaker_heading: MAN (tired of all this)
dialog: Sit down, Mr. Kaplan, won't you?
text: THORNEILL (the smile fades)
dialog: I told you: I'm not Kaplan, whoever
dialog: he is. I'm Roger Thornhill of the
dialog: Wadley and Rapp Agency, and.unless
dialog: you gentlemen happen to be
dialog: (continued)
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-19-58 P.17
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (cont'd) 31
dialog: interested in advertising something, CONT'D
dialog: this meeting 43° going tc turn out (3)
dialog: to be an enormous bust for all concerned.
text: There is a KNOCK on the door. It opens’ and a
text: handsome WOMAN in her forties peers in.
dialog: She gives
dialog: men, then
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Excuse me ++
speaker_heading: MAN (politely)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: WOMAN .
dialog: The guests are here.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Look after them. I'll be with
dialog: you in a few minutes.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (turning on
dialog: her with sarcasm)
dialog: Don't bother to set a place
dialog: for me, Mrs. Townsend. I won't
dialog: be staying for dinner.
text: a. flustered glance in the direction of the
text: hurriedly withdraws, and closes the door.
speaker_heading: MAN (to Thornhil1)
dialog: Now - shall we get down to business?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I'm all for that,
speaker_heading: : MAN
dialog: Quite simply, I'd like you to tell
dialog: me how much you know of our arrangements
dialog: and - of course = how you've come by
dialog: this information. Naturally, 1 don't
dialog: expect to get this for nothing.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (with a
dialog: sarcastic bow of the head)
dialog: Of course not.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Don't misunderstand me. I
dialog: don't really expect you to fall
dialog: in with my suggestion, but the
dialog: least I can do is afford you the
dialog: opportunity of surviving the evening--
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (frowns)
dialog: Surviving the evening. ..?
dialog: Nortn By Northwest :
scene_heading: (Chgs. 9-19-58. P.18
speaker_heading: MAN 31
dialog: Now why don't you surprise me, CONT'D
dialog: Mr. Kaplan, and say "yes"? (4)
scene_heading: THORNHILL . .
dialog: I already told you--
speaker_heading: . LEONARD (interrupting)
dialog: We know where you're headed for...
text: THORNHILL (turning on him)
dialog: I'm headed for the Winter Garden
dialog: Theatre in New York, and I think
dialog: I better get going.
text: He goes to the door, flings it open, sees Valerian
text: standing there blocking the entrance. He turns.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Townsend - you're making a serious
dialog: mistake...
text: Leonard eases over and closes the door again as
text: the MAN, walking to the desk, says:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: This is not going to lead toa |
dialog: very happy conclusion, Mr. Kaplan--
speaker_heading: THORNHILL -
dialog: I'm not Kaplan!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I do wish you would reconsider.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: We also kmow your contact in Pittsburgh
dialog: since Jason committed suicide.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (angrily)
dialog: What contact? I've never even been
dialog: in Pittsburgh.
text: The other man is at the desk, looking down at a
text: Piece of paper as he speaks quickly:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: On June sixteenth, you checked into
dialog: the Sherwyn Hotel in Pittsburgh as
dialog: Mr. George Kaplan of Berkeley, California.
dialog: A week later you registered at the
dialog: Benjamin Franklin Hotel in Philadelphia
dialog: as Mr. George Kaplan of Pittsburgh. on
dialog: August eleventh you stayed at the Statler
dialog: in Boston. On August twenty-ninth -
dialog: George Kaplan of Boston registered
dialog: at the Whittier in Detroit. At present,
dialog: you are registered in room seven ninety-
dialog: six at the Plaza Hotel in New York as
dialog: Mr. George Kaplan of Detroit --
dialog: a)
dialog: North By Northwest .
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-19-58 P.19
scene_heading: THORNHILL (tersely) 31
dialog: Whav else? CONT'D
dialog: (5)
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: e-In two days, you are due at
dialog: the Ambassador East in Chicago --
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: MAN :
dialog: -- And then at the Sheratorn-Johnson
dialog: Hotel in Rapid City, South Dakota.
text: THORNHILL (shaking his head)
dialog: Not me.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: -- So you see, there 13 little sense
dialog: in maintaining this fiction that you
dialog: ere deceiving us, any more than we
dialog: are deceiving you, Mr. Kaplan.
text: Thornhill stares at him for a log, manent, neiplessly
text: frustrated.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: I don't suppose it would do any
dialog: good to show you a wallet full of
dialog: identification cards, a driver's
dialog: license, things like that?
text: LEONARD (shakes his head)
dialog: They provide you with such good ones.
speaker_heading: MAN (quietly)
dialog: It's getting late. Do you
dialog: intend to cooperate with us? I'd
dialog: like a simple yes or no.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (completely
dialog: exasperated)
dialog: All right. A simple no. For the
dialog: simple reason that I simply don't
dialog: know what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: MAN (turns to
dialog: his secretary)
dialog: Give Mr. Kaplan a drink, Leonard.
dialog: (he turns to Thornhili)
dialog: A pleasant journey, sir.
text: The man goes to the door, opens it, holds it open
text: for a fraction. Valerian and Licht enter. The
text: man leaves, ¢losing the door behind him. Leonard
text: opens a cabinet. Liquor boitles are seen. He
text: .turns to Thornhill.
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-22-58 P.20
speaker_heading: LEONARD 31
dialog: Scotch? Rye? Bourbon? Vodka? te) 'D
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Nothing. T'1l just take a quick
dialog: ride back to town.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: That has been arranged....
text: Thornhill glances ut the deadpan faces of Valerian
text: and Licht with growing apprehension.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: But first, a libation.
text: Leonard reaches into the cabinet, takes out a
text: large bottle of whiskey. He holds it up.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Bourbon.
text: He moves toward Thornhill with the bottle.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You have some. I've had enough
dialog: stimulation for one day.
scene_heading: . LEONARD . (gently)
dialog: It will be easter if you take
dialog: this yourself. Otherwise, it will
dialog: be necessary for us to insist.
text: Thornhill's eyes widen. He points at the bottle.
speaker_heading: TRORNEILL
dialog: The whole quart?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Not a quart, Mr. Kaplan. It's
dialog: only a fifth.
text: Thornhill makes a sudden move, tries to go past
text: him to the door, but Valerian and Licht grab
text: him, pin his arms behind him. As they do so,
text: CAMERA DOLLIES in to a FULL HEAD AND SHOULDERS
text: SHOT of Thornhill, who stares off screen.
dialog: We HEAR the POP of the CORK being drawn from
text: the bottle. Then Leonard's hand comes up
text: INTO THE SHOT holding an empty tumbler.
speaker_heading: LEONARD'S VOICE (0.s.)
dialog: Cheers.
text: Now the bottle comes into shot and begins to
text: f111 the tumbler with bourten before Thornhill's
text: staring face. .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 32-34 OUT
dialog: “~~
dialog: North By Northwest °
scene_heading: Chgs. 10+10-58 P.21
scene_heading: EXT, HILL ROAD = NIGHT
text: Two cars are making their way along a winding,
text: precipitous road. The lead car is a light
text: colored open Mercedes Benz, Behind it is the
text: limousine which brought Thornhill from the Plaza
text: Botel to Glen Cove, We HEAR THORNHILL'S VOICE
text: coming from the lead car in drunken song: "Some-
dialog: where I'll find you...sneak up behind you..."
text: The two cars come to a stop at the top of the hill.
text: The driver of the limusine gets out quickly and
text: we see that it is Licht. He crosses over swiftly
dialog: to the Mercedes Benz.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - THE MERCEDES BENZ
text: The driver of the Mercedes Benz ~ Valerian - is
text: just getting out as Licht arrives. Sitting in
text: the Mercedes Benz, mmbling and singing drunken-
dialog: ly, is Thornhill,
scene_heading: THORNHILL (with gestures)
dialog: G'night Mr. Townsend...Mizz Townsend...
dialog: ‘night...parting such sweet sorrow...
dialog: (sings)
dialog: "I've grown accustomed to your...
dialog: bourbon..."
text: During this, the two men have held a brief
text: sharp exchange in a foreign tongue. Valerian
text: takes a quick step toward the edge and sees:
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW
text: The winding, descending, precipitous road ahead,
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - THE MERCEDES BENZ
text: Valerian turns back and with the help of Licht
text: hurriedly pulls Thornhill into the driver's seat.
text: Then, as Licht runs to the limousine, Valerian
text: gets into the Mercedes Benz beside Thornhill,
text: reaches across and starts the motor.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (mmbles)
dialog: Don't worry about me, fellahs.
dialog: I'll take the bus from here.
dialog: 35
dialog: 35x.
dialog: 35k2
speaker_heading: 35X3
speaker_heading: 36-37 oUF
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 8-15-58
scene_heading: INT. NERCEDES BENZ
text: Valerian releases the handbralre, pushes
text: Thornhill back, takes the wheel and applies
text: his left foot to the accelerator. As the car
text: starts to move, Valerian glances ahead tensely.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW
text: The car is approaching a precipice.
scene_heading: INT, MERCEDES BENZ
text: Valerian opens the door at his side and gets
text: ready to jump. Just then, Thornhill, opening
text: a bleary eye, begins to sense what is happening.
text: He turns, puts both hands on Valerian and gives
text: him a violent shove, saying thickly:
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: You tale the bus too.
text: Valerian falls out ef the car. Thornhill erabs
text: the wheel and turns 4t sharply.
scene_heading: EXT. MERCEDES BENZ
text: The outside wheels travel along the edge of the
text: precipice.
scene_heading: THORNEILL AT WHEEL
text: Looks ahead, only slightly aware of his danger.
text: He gives the wheel another wrench.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - MERCEDES BENZ
text: The rear outside wheel is over the edge, spins
text: in mid-air for a moment. Then the inner wheel
text: gets a grip on the crumbling edge, and the car
text: shoots forward.
dialog: P.22
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: 38x21
dialog: 38x2
dialog: 38x?
speaker_heading: 38x4
dialog: os
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 8-25-58
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - THORNHILL AT WHEEL
text: He turns, glances back, sees:
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW
text: Valerian in the act of getting into the already
text: moving limousine. :
scene_heading: EXT. MERCEDES BENZ
text: It picks up speed and goes careening down the
text: winding, precipitous road.
scene_heading: THE LIMOUSINE - VALERIAN AND LICHT
text: in hot and angry pursuit.
scene_heading: “THE CHASE SEQUENCE
text: The Mercedes Benz can take the sharp curves with
text: more ease than the limousine. Also, Thornhill is
dialog: too far gone to know that he shouldn't @rive that
text: fast. Consequently, he gets to the foot of the
text: hill and down to a main thoroughfare still in the
dialog: lead. Naturally, we film this ride, and that which
text: follows, from many different angles, including
text: Thornhill's delirious double-vision Point of view.
dialog: Ee will be killed if he is caught, and he will -be
dialog: Killed if he keeps driving this way. There is very
dialog: little choice really, and on the highway now, he is
text: doing eighty, weaving wildly through traffic, swerving
text: suicidally over double lanes and Biving heart failure
text: to oncoming truck drivers. But he is leaving the
text: limousine behind.
scene_heading: A POLICE CAR - TWO OFFICERS IN FRONT SEAT
text: The car is travelling along at a normal speed.
text: Suddenly Thornhill's car comes dashing by. The
text: officers react immediately, start in pursuit.
dialog: P.23
speaker_heading: 38x6
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: 39X1
speaker_heading: 40 OUT
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: he.
dialog: 43
dialog: North By Northwest .
scene_heading: Chgs. 8-25-58 P.24/25
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE 4a
text: Valerian and Licht see the police car, which is
text: almost directly in front of them, take off after
text: Thornhill. Valerian signals to Licht to slow
text: down. Licht does so, and starts to make a
dialog: U-turn.
scene_heading: THE MERCEDES BENZ . 45
text: Thornhill tries desperately to keep his eyes
text: in focus, his foot on the floorboard and his
text: hands on the wheel. HORNS BLARE warningly as
text: he comes perilously close to several headon
text: crashes. In his rear-view mirror, he sees
text: the headlights of the police car following and
text: does not realize that it is no longer the
text: limousine. The headlights are coming closer.
text: Suddenly, almost too late, he sees ahead of
text: him an elderly gentleman on a bicycle emerge
text: from a side road. He slams on the brakes and
text: the car comes to a screaming, wobbling stop.
text: The bicyclist, oblivious, continues across.
speaker_heading: SIDE ANGLE . 46
text: As Thornhill's car comes to a final, Jerking
text: halt, the police car, with screaming brakes,
text: nits Thornhill's rear. There is a CRUNCHING
text: SOUND as the bonnet of the police car crumples
text: iike tin. There is a MOMENTARY SILENCE and
text: shen the sudden SCREAM of more BRAKES, and a
text: third car smashes into the back of the police
text: car, giving it a crumpled -ear as well.
text: Thornhill drunkenly leans out and looks behind
text: to see what all the fuss is about. The two
text: Police, after forcing a door open, emerge,
text: flowering. At-the same time, the third driver
text: ds seen getting out of his car, somewhat bee
dialog: wiidered, and starting forward.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
speaker_heading: : 47-00T
scene_heading: INT. GLEN COVE POLICE STATION - (NIGHT) 48
text: A LY. HAGERMAN is behind the desk. To his right
text: is a radiophone transmitter-receiver, over which
text: we HEAR the faint communications of eruising
text: police cars and their patrol stations. A COMMOTION
dialog: north By Nortnwe:.
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.26
text: is REARD outside, and then one of the police-car 48
text: officers, a gentieman known as SERGEANT KLINGER, COND 'D
text: escorts a wobbly Thornhill into the building. (2)
scene_heading: THORNHILL (thickly) -
dialog: Thanks for the lift, fellahs.
speaker_heading: KLINGER
dialog: Lieutenant - I want this man
dialog: examined for driving while
text: intoxicated. .
text: LIEUTENANT (looking: at the
dialog: swaying Thornhill)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to the
dialog: lieutenant)
dialog: They tried to kill me...He wn't listen...
dialog: Big house...They tried to kill me.
speaker_heading: KLINGER (during above)
dialog: All right. Let's just go inside...
text: him) THORNEILL (moving with
dialog: Don't wanna go inside. Somebody call
dialog: the police.
text: The Sergeant leads Thornhill by the arm into the
dialog: courtroom. :
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM 4g
text: A bleak room at this late hour of night.
speaker_heading: KLINGER (indicating a
dialog: chair)
dialog: Sit down.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Don't wanna sit. Perfectly all right.
dialog: (he falls into the seat)
dialog: We'll throw the book at ‘em.
dialog: Kidnapping. Assault with gum...and-
dialog: bourbon. . sand sports car. We'll
dialog: get ‘em. .
speaker_heading: KLINGER
dialog: You'll. be all right after a good
dialog: night's sleep. We got a nice cell .
text: all made-up and waiting.
dialog: The other
text: enters.
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 10-10-58 p,27
speaker_heading: THORNHILL kg
dialog: Don't wanna cell. I want a CONT'D
dialog: policeman. - (2)
text: arresting officer, PATROLMAN WAGGONER,
scene_heading: WAGGONER .
text: The car was just reported stolen.
speaker_heading: KLINGER
dialog: Ub huh.
speaker_heading: WAGGONER
text: A Mrs. Babson up on Twining Road.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (gett:
text: unsteadily to his feet
dialog: Gotta call someone. Where's the
dialog: phone?
speaker_heading: KLINGER ,
dialog: You're allowed one call. Right
dialog: over here,
dialog: (leads Thornhill to a
dialog: nearby phone)
dialog: Better make it your lawyer.
text: THORNHILL (to Klinger) . .
dialog: Butterfield eight -one~oh-nine-eight. .
speaker_heading: KLINGER
dialog: What am I -~ a telephone operator?
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (nodding) oe
dialog: Yeah. Butterfield eight-one-oh-nine-eight.
text: Reluctantly, Klinger puts the call through. after |
dialog: a few moments:
speaker_heading: KLINGER (to phone)
dialog: Just a minute please....Here.
text: Ze hands the phone to Thornhill.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to phone)
dialog: Hello, Mother? This is your son,
dialog: Roger Thornhill,
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Wait a minute.
dialog: (to Klinger)
dialog: Where am 17
speaker_heading: KLINGER
dialog: Glen Cove Police Station,
dialog: North By northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.28
scene_heading: THORNHILL (to phone) eg
scene_heading: Glen Cove Police Station... CONT'D
dialog: (listens) (3)
dialog: Now is that a nice thing to say, -
dialog: Mother? I have not been drinking
dialog: again. But these two fellows poured
dialog: @ bottle of bourbon down my throat ==
text: (listens, shakes his head)
dialog: No. They didn't give me a chaser...
dialog: (during above, DR. CROSS has
text: entered. Klinger comes over,
dialog: . interrupts Thornhill)
dialog: Wait a minute, Mother.
dialog: (to Klinger)
dialog: Not finished yet.
speaker_heading: KLINGER
dialog: Yes you are. C'mon.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to phone)
dialog: Gotta hang up now, Mother. You
dialog: better get my lawyer right away
dialog: and bail me out.
speaker_heading: KLINGER
dialog: Tomorrow morning, tell her.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to phone)
dialog: He says 'tomorrow morning',
dialog: (Listens)
dialog: I don't know. I'll ask hin
dialog: (to Klinger)
dialog: She wants to knew who says.
speaker_heading: KLINGER
dialog: Sergeant Emil Klinger
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to phone)
dialog: Sergeant Enil --
dialog: 3? double take at the Sergeant)
dialog: 5 ite Bree a ane
dialog: ergean’ er.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: No. I didn't believe it either.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Don't worry. I'm all right, Mother.
dialog: 'Nightie night.
dialog: {he hangs up)
dialog: That was Mother.
text: Klinger leads him over to a table where Dr. Cross,
text: By pleasent young physician, is waiting with medical
dialog: .
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 pP.29
text: KLINGER (to Dr. Cross) 4g”
dialog: Here's your man, Doctor. coun '>
text: Cross glances at Thornhill, indicates a chair.
text: Thornhill collapses into it. Klinger and
text: Patrolman Waggoner move into b.g. as silent
text: observers Cross takes out a questionnaire and
text: a fountain pen, begins to fill out the form,
text: quickly and perfunctorily,
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Roger Thornhill. Don't believe
dialog: we've met.
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: Address?
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Eighty-four Sutton Place. Doctor,
dialog: you listen to me -- .
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: Were you operating the mtor vehicle
dialog: in question? .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Admirably.
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: Where were you going?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: No place, Just trying to get away -
dialog: from some fellahs who were t:
dialog: to kill me, I've been trying to
dialog: tell these --
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: Where did you start from?
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Big house. I don't know where.
dialog: Big house. dnd these fellahs --
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS (interrupting)
dialog: Stand up please, Mr. Thornh‘fil...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (struggling to
text: his feet) .
dialog: Sure.
dialog: North By Nortawest
scene_heading: Chgs, 10-10-58 P.30
dialog: DR. CROSS (throwing some 4g
dialog: coins on the floor) CONT'D
dialog: «+eAnd pick up those coins. - (5)
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (looking right
dialog: at the money)
dialog: What coins?
text: DR. CROSS (pointing to
text: a white line on the floor)
dialog: Never mind. Now I want you to walk
dialog: that line.
text: THORNHILL (as he tries
dialog: wpsuccessfully to negotiate the
dialog: 6
dialog: At first I thought they were gonna
dialog: hold me for ransom, They brought me
dialog: to this house. Can't remember the
dialog: guy's name right now. Think it was
dialog: Kaplan. Yeah, George Kaplan --
text: He stops abruptly as he falls to the floor. Then,
text: as he starts to get to his feet again:
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: Ever have diabetes?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Never touch the stuff.
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: Them you're not taking insulin.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Never touch the stuff,
text: DR. CROSS .
dialog: Have you used a mouthwash recently?
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Never stuch the tuff.
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: Stick out your tongue and say "ah",
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Better move back...Ah-h-h!
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: Have you been drinking?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Doctor - I am gassed.
dialog: on,
dialog: North by Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 10-10-58 p. 31
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: What were you drinking?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
text: Bourbon. They held me down and another
dialog: guy-—
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: How much would you say you drank?
text: THORNHILL (holding his palms about
dialog: a foot apart)
dialog: About this much.
text: He starts toward a long table as:
speaker_heading: DR. CROSS
dialog: Mr. Thornhill--it is my opinion that
dialog: you are definitely intoxicated... (As
text: THORNHILL lies down on the table) And
dialog: I am now going to have to ask your
dialog: permission to draw blood.
text: THORNHILL (a sleepy murmur)
dialog: How disgusting.
text: DR. CROSS (reading very quickly
dialog: from his questionnaire)
dialog: "You may refuse to permit a blood test
dialog: to be made, but if you do refuse, your
dialog: license will be revoked. You have the
dialog: right to notify a physician of your
dialog: own choosing to ad[minister this
dialog: chemical test if you so prefer."
dialog: {Looking up) Is that understood, Mr.
dialog: Thornhill? (No response) Mr.
dialog: Thornhill?
text: SERGEANT KLINGER steps forward, puts a finger to his lips.
speaker_heading: KLINGER
dialog: Shhh...
text: He looks down at THORNHILL with mock tenderness. Now we SEE
scene_heading: THORNHILL.
text: He is sleeping like a baby, with a little smile on his face.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INTERIOR, COURTROOM -- Next Morning
text: The judge, ANSON B. FLYNN, is staring coldly down at THORNHILL,
text: who, looking plenty the worse for a night in jail, stands between
text: his attorney, VICTOR LARRABEE, and SERGEANT KLINGER. Seated behind
dialog: mn)
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs, 10-10-58 F.32
text: them is Thornhill's mother, CLARA THORNHILL, a woman 50
text: who has played so much bridge she is getting to CONT'D
dialog: look like the Queen of Hearts. During the follow- (2)
text: ing, Thornhill turns, smiles at her feebly. She-
dialog: does not smile back:
speaker_heading: LARRABEE (speaking with
dialog: ill-concealed distaste)
dialog: -- It was at this point that
dialog: Mr, Thornhill succeeded in escaping 7
dialog: from his would-be assassins, and when
dialog: they gave.chase, he, naturally, had to
dialog: drive as best he could under the, uh,
dialog: circumstances, But. umfortunately
dialog: the, uh, circumstances were a little
dialog: more than he could handle, and so,
dialog: well, here we are.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (half aloud)
dialog: But where are they?
text: The judge gives Thornhill a hard-eyed look, then
text: turns to Larrabee. . .
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Counsellor, how long have you known
dialog: your elient?
speaker_heading: LARRABEE
dialog: Seven years, Your Honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE .
dialog: Do you know him to be a reasonable man?
speaker_heading: LARRABEE
dialog: Absolutely,
text: In bogs, Mes. Thornhill gives an audible sniff of
text: scorn. Thornhill quickly turns and gives her an
text: angry whisper.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Mother!
speaker_heading: _ JUDGE
dialog: And do you believe there is some
dialog: . eredence to this ... story?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (bridling)
dialog: Credence!
speaker_heading: . LARRABEE
dialog: Well...yes, Your Honor. I mean if
dialog: my client says that this is what
dialog: happened, I am certain it must have...
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: «+ shappened,.
dialog: Pa
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 8-25-58 P.33
speaker_heading: KLINGER (to Dr. Cross) 49
scene_heading: Shhh... CONT'D
dialog: (he turns to the patrolman) (7)
dialog: Shhh... .
dialog: (he 2ooks down at Thornhill
dialog: with mock tenderness)
text: He's sleeping like a baby.
dialog: Now we see Thornhill -- and indeed he is.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - NEXT MORNING 50
text: The Judge, ANSON B. FLYNN, is staring coldly down
text: at Thornhill, who, locking plenty the worse for
text: a night in jail, stands between his attorney,
text: VICTOR LARRABEE, and Sergeant Klinger. Seated
text: behind them is Thornhill's mother, CLARA THORNHILL,
text: a woman who has played so much bridge she is
dialog: getting to look like the Queen of Hearts. During
text: ‘the following, Thornhill turns,- smiles at her
text: feebly. She does not smile back:
speaker_heading: LARRABEE (speaking with
dialog: ill-concealed distaste)
dialog: ee. And then took him up in the ;
text: hills in the Mercedes Benz for the
dialog: purpose of killing him and making
text: it appear to be a drunk-driving
dialog: accident. It was at this point
dialog: that Mr. Thornhill succeeded in
text: escaping from his would-be assassins,
dialog: and when they gave chase, he,
dialog: naturally, had to drive as best he
dialog: could under the, uh, circumstances,
dialog: and unfortunately the, uh, circumstances
dialog: were a little more than he could handle,
dialog: and so, well, here we are.
text: The judge gives Thornhill a hard-eyed look, then
text: turns to Larrabee.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Counsellor, do you believe there is
dialog: some credence to this ....story?
text: In b.g., Mrs. Thornhill gives a sniff of disbelier.
text: Thornhill turns and Bives her an angry look,
dialog: North By Northwes+
scene_heading: Chgs. 8-25-58 P.34
speaker_heading: LARRABEE 50
dialog: Well... yes, Your Honor. I CONT'D
dialog: mean, if my client says that : (2)
dialog: this is what happened, I am .
dialog: certain it must have...
dialog: {he shrugs)
dialog: «+» happened.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
speaker_heading: Mm hom
dialog: (he turns to Klinger)
dialog: Sergeant - I want this turned
dialog: over to the County Detectives
dialog: for investigation. I suggest
dialog: you call them up and have them
dialog: come over here immediately.
dialog: 8-13-58 = P.35
speaker_heading: KLINGER (starting 50
speaker_heading: away) CONT'D
dialog: Right, Your Henor. - (3)
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Counsellor, I'm going to set
dialog: this over for final disposition
dialog: tomorrow night at seven-thirty,
dialog: at which time I expect you and.
dialog: the defendant to be here and
dialog: ready to go to trial. In the
dialog: meantime the County Detectives
dialog: will determine whether his story
dialog: has any basis in fact «=
text: THORNHILL (indignantly)
dialog: Basis in fact? I suppose if I
dialog: were brought in here dead, Your
dialog: Honor, you still wouldn't believe -- !
speaker_heading: LARRABEE (interrupting)
dialog: Now, Roger, wait a minute!
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I mean, after ell, would I make
dialog: ub such a story?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: That is precisely. what we intend
text: to find out, Mr. Thornhill.
scene_heading: - DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GLEN COVE ROAD - DAY , 51
text: The County Detectives Car, a plain black sedan,
text: is cruising in the tree-lined "estate" area of
dialog: Glen Cove.
scene_heading: INT. CAR 52
text: . Two detectives are up front -- LT, HARDING and
dialog: Cart. « In the back seat, Thornhill is
text: quietly arguing with his mother while Victor
text: Larrabee listens in strained silence.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: +esBecause any drinking I do to
dialog: excess, Mother dear, can be attributed
dialog: only to the bad example set by my
dialog: immediate ancestors. You are not
dialog: exactly, may I remind you, addicted
dialog: to homogenized milk.
dialog: nwest °
scene_heading: Sheen gcanesS** e 33/35
speaker_heading: JUDGE 50
speaker_heading: Mm hom. CONT'D
dialog: (he turns to Klinger) - (3)
dialog: Sergeant ~ I want this turned over to
dialog: the County Detectives for investigation.
dialog: T suggest you call them up and have then
dialog: come over here immediately,
speaker_heading: KLINGER (starting away)
dialog: Right, Your Honor,
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Counsellor, I'm going to set this over.
dialog: for final disposition tomorrow night at
dialog: seven-thirty, at which time I expect
dialog: you and the defendant to be here and
text: ready to go to trial. In the neantime,
dialog: the County Detectives will determine
dialog: whether his story has any basis in fact --
speaker_heading: THORNETLL (indtgnantty)
dialog: s in fact? suppose .I were
dialog: pacis, inf here dead, you still.
dialog: wouldn't believe -- }
speaker_heading: LARRABEE (interrupting)
dialog: Now, Roger, wait a minutal.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: I mean, after all, Your Honor, wuld
dialog: I make up such a story?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: That 1s precisely what we intend to
dialog: find out, Mr. Thornhill,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GLEN COVE ROAD - DAY 52
text: The County Detectives Car, a plain black sedan, is
text: cruising in the tree-lined "estate" area of Glen Cove.
scene_heading: INT. CAR . 52
text: Two detectives are up front - LT, HARDING and CAPT.
text: JUNKET. In the back seat, Thornhill is quietly
text: arguing with his mother while Victor Larrabee listens
text: in strained silence.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: ee sBecause any drinking I do to excess,
dialog: Mother dear, can be attributed only to
dialog: the bad example set by my immediate
dialog: ancestors, You are not exactly, my I
dialog: remind you, addicted to homogenized milk.
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Ches- 10-10-58 |
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: Sometimes I wonder why I stand
dialog: for your impertinences,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You wouldn't have to if you could
dialog: learn to cheat at bridge,
dialog: (an aside to Larrabee)
dialog: TZ support all her girl friends,
dialog: =
dialog: Now, now, Roger...
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL (scoffing)
dialog: Not "Roger." You forget. It's
dialog: George.
dialog: ? she chuckles)
dialog: George Kaplan.
scene_heading: CAPT. JUNKET (turning)
dialog: Here's the Townsend estate. Look
dialog: familiar? . :
scene_heading: THORNHILL (looking out)
dialog: Yeah. That's it.
scene_heading: TRAVELLING SHOT - THE CAR . .
text: as it enters the estate through the open gates,
text: Proceeds along the curving driveway and finally
text: comes to a stop before the entrance to the main
dialog: Use. :
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN HOUSE
text: Everyone in the car gets out.. The detectives
text: ‘Lead the way to the front ‘door and ring the bell.
text: Tesently the door is opened by the housekeeper,
text: who seems not at all perturbed to see the group
text: standing before her,
dialog: HOUSEKEEPER (pleasantly)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Remember me?
speaker_heading: HOUSEKEEPER
dialog: Yes, sir,
scene_heading: THORNEILL - (satisfied, but
dialog: grin)
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: P.36
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Ches. 8-25-58 P37
scene_heading: CAPT. JUNKET
dialog: Is Mr. Townsend at home?
text: HOUSEKEEPER , .
dialog: No, I'm sorry, sir, He's left
dialog: for the day.
dialog: oe
dialog: 4
dialog: 'D
scene_heading: CAPT. JUNKET
dialog: Mrs. Townsend?
text: HOUSEKEEPER (after a pause)
dialog: Who shall I tell her is calling?
speaker_heading: CAPT.
dialog: County detectives.
scene_heading: HOUSEREEPER (unperturbed)
dialog: Come in please.
text: She opens the door wider.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE 55
text: They all enter,
speaker_heading: HOUSEREEFER
dialog: This way please, .
text: She leads them to the library, opens the door for
dialog: them and they enter. :
scene_heading: “INT, LIBRARY , 56
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: This is the room.
speaker_heading: HOUSEKEEPER
dialog: T'll call madan,
scene_heading: . CAPT. JUNKET
dialog: You do that.
text: The housekeeper withdraws. Thornhill points to
text: the settee.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: There's the sofa,
dialog: (going to the sofa)
text: They spilled bourbon all over it,
dialog: T'll show you the stains.
dialog: 8-13-58 P.38
text: He examines the seat cushion, frowns, turns the 56
text: cushion over, frowns even more deeply. He looks CONT'D
text: up. Everyone is staring at him. He turns, looks (2)
text: about, spies the liquor cabinet.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: There's where they kept the liquor!
dialog: Scotch and gin and vodka -- |
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: And bourbon.
text: Thornhill goes over, whips open the cabinet. It
text: is filled with books. No liquor. Just books.
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: I remember when it used to come
dialog: - in bottles.
text: Just then the handsome WOMAN of the night before
text: enters, beaming graciously and talking very fast
text: as she goes over to Thornhill,
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Roger! Dear!
dialog: (he srgeigntens up,
dialog: astounded
dialog: We were so worried about youl
dialog: Did you get home all right?
dialog: (she embraces him)
dialog: Of course you did. Let me look
dialog: at you. A little pink-eyed and
text: fuzzy around the cheeks. But then,
dialog: aren't we all? It was a dull party
dialog: really, and you didn't miss a thing. .
dialog: But Lester was furious with hinsel?
dialog: for not seeing you home ersonally.
dialog: (to Clara Thornhii2)
dialog: Let's see. You mst be Roger's
dialog: mother. I'm so delighted to meet
dialog: you. Roger's told us so much about
dialog: You.
dialog: (to Larrabee)
dialog: And you must be a policeman. You
dialog: iook like a policeman.
speaker_heading: LARRABEE
dialog: Iam Mr. Thornhill's attorney.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I want everybody here to imow that
dialog: I never even saw this woman before
dialog: last night!
dialog: @
dialog: soTth By Northwest .
dialog: 8-13-58 P39.
text: The woman laughs good-naturedly at "Roger's charming 56
text: joke." The detectives step forward. cout
speaker_heading: CAPT, JUNKET
dialog: Mrs. Townsend - I'm Captain Junket. -
dialog: of the Nassau County Detectives, and
dialog: this is Lieutenant Harding,
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: How do you de?
scene_heading: LT. HARDING
dialog: Matam. .
speaker_heading: WOMAN (to Thornhill)
dialog: Oh, dear. You haven't gotten into
dialog: trouble, Roger...?
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL THORNHILL
dialog: Has he gotten into Stop calling me
dialog: trouble. "Roger"!
scene_heading: CAPT. JUNKET
dialog: Mrs. Townsend - Mr. Thornhiil was
dialog: picked up last night driving while
dialog: under the influence of alcohol,
dialog: and incidentally, in a stolen car =<
speaker_heading: WOMAN
text: Stolen carl.
scene_heading: : CAPT. JUNKET
dialog: -~ belonging to a Mrs. Babson of
dialog: Twining Road <= .
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Roger, you said you were going to
dialog: call a cab. You didn'+ borrow
dialog: Laura's Mercedes?
text: THORNEILL (hopelessly) .
dialog: No, I didn't... borrow...Laurats...
dialog: Mercedes.
speaker_heading: CAPT, JUNKET
dialog: Mr. Thornhill has told us that he
dialog: was brought to this house against
dialog: his will last night and forcibly
dialog: intoxicated by some friends of your
text: husband and then set out on the
dialog: road. Did you know anything about
dialog: this?
text: The woman gives Thornhill a look of deep sympathy,
text: then faces the detectives.
dialog: 7-13-58 = Pho
speaker_heading: WOMAN : 56
dialog: Well, now, Captain -- Roger was a CONT'D
dialog: bit tipsy when he arrived here by (4)
dialog: cab for dinner --
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: She's lying!
speaker_heading: WOMAN :
dialog: s7 And I'm afraid he became even
dialog: worse as the evening wore on,
dialog: and finally he told us he had to
dialog: Bo home to sleep it off. I knew I
dialog: should have served dinner earlie: °
dialog: Otherwise I can assure you the
dialog: harmless little escapade with Mrs,
dialog: Babson's car would never have
dialog: happened.
text: THORNHILL (with sardonic
dialog: admiration)
dialog: What a performance!
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Poor dear...
speaker_heading: CAPT, JUNKET
dialog: Mrs. Townsénd -= does the name
dialog: George Kaplan mean anything to you?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (blanicly)
dialog: George Kaplan? No,
speaker_heading: CAPT.
dialog: I didn't think so.
text: The detective already has his eye on the door and
dialog: @ quick departure.
scene_heading: THORNHILL (desperate now)
dialog: What about her husband? He's the
dialog: one you should be questioning}
scene_heading: CAPT. JUNKET (to the
dialog: woman
dialog: Is there any place he can be
dialog: reached?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Why yes - the United Nations.
scene_heading: CAPT. JUNKET (impressed)
dialog: The ... United ... Nations ... ?
dialog: \.
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chges. 9-29-58 = PLL
speaker_heading: WOMAN : 56
dialog: He's addressing the General Assembly CONT'D
dialog: this afternoon, (5)
text: The detective locks at Thornhill and his mouth
dialog: tightens.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (at bay)
dialog: All right - so he's addressing
dialog: the General Assembly.
scene_heading: CAPT, JUNKET (to the.
dialog: woman)
dialog: Sorry we had to bother you,
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: No bother at all,
text: She leads the group toward the door,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Wait a minute now....
text: They go out to the ‘foyer.
scene_heading: THE FOYER ‘5?
text: _As Thornhill is hurried by his mother out of the
text: library across the foyer, he HEARS
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Will you be wanting to get
dialog: in touch with ny husband, Captain?
scene_heading: CAPT. JUNKET
dialog: No, Mrs. Townsend = that won't
dialog: be necessary,
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: .D'you mean to Say you're
dialog: not going to do anything more
dialog: about this?
text: MRS. THORNHILL (turns, fixes
dialog: him with a look)
dialog: Roger...
text: (she shakes her head slowly)
dialog: Pay the two dollars,
text: Thornhill gives her a look, then goes out the front
text: door with her and the others,
speaker_heading: PX)
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 8-25-58 =P.4e
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN HOUSE 58
text: As the group goes down the steps and into the
text: car, the woman stands at the door watching. She
text: even waves once to Thornhill, who is in no mood
text: to wave back. On the lawn near the entrance, a
text: gardener in overalls is on his kmees working over
text: a flower bed. His back is to the entrance, and
text: he does not turn to see the group leave the house.
text: But now, as the car drives off, he gets to his
text: feet, looks after the car, then turns into CAMERA.
text: Beneath the overalls and the dirty face, we see
dialog: Valerian.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: EXT. PLAZA HOTEL - NEW YORK CITY - A FEW : 59
speaker_heading: HOURS: LATER
text: A cab pulls up before the hotel. Thornhill and
text: his mother get out and cross the sidewalk. to the
dialog: entrance as:
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: I don't see what you need me -
dialog: along for.
text: THORNHILL (savagely)
dialog: You lend me a certain air of
dialog: respectability.
scene_heading: ” MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: Don't be Sarcastic, Roger.
text: They enter the hotel.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY 60
text: Thornhill goes to the row of house phones
dialog: saying:
speaker_heading: THO!
dialog: Well, here goes.
dialog: (he picks up a phone)
dialog: Do you have a George Kaplan
dialog: staying here.
dialog: (a pause - then
dialog: excitedly)
dialog: That's right. Room seven ninety
dialog: six. Would you ring him Please?
dialog: (to his mother
dialog: It's true. He is registered here...
dialog: py
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. _ 8-26-58 =P. 43
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL (bored) 60
dialog: That's nice. fr
scene_heading: THORNHILL .
dialog: eeeAnd he's just the one to
dialog: clear up this little ballet.
dialog: (te phone)
dialog: What?....0h. I see. He didn't
dialog: leave any word when he'd be back,
dialog: did he?..,..Really? All right.
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (he hangs up)
dialog: That's funny. He hasn't answered
dialog: his phone in two days.
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: Maybe he got locked in the
dialog: bathroom. -
text: Thornhill has been peering thoughtfully towards
text: the desk, where people are getting their keys,
dialog: mail, etc.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL se
dialog: Mother - I want you to gO over to
dialog: the desk, put on that Sweet innocent
dialog: look you do so well, and ask for
dialog: the key to seven ninety-six.
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: Don't be ridiculous. I wouldn't
dialog: do a thing like that.
text: THORNHILL (taking out
dialog: a wad of bilis)
dialog: Ten dollars?
scene_heading: MAS. THORNHILL
dialog: Not for all the money in the world.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Fifty?
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL (taking the
dialog: proffered money)
dialog: You're disgraceful.
text: She starts toward the desk as Thornhill watches.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR 62
text: Thornhill and his mother are walking toward the
dialog: door to 796,
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: Car theft... drunk driving...
text: assaulting an officer... dying to
dialog: a judge....and now, house- reaking...
dialog: North Ey Northwest
scene_heading: Shys. 8-15-58 P44
speaker_heading: THORNHILL 61
dialog: Not house-breaking, Mother. Hotel- CONT'D
dialog: breaking. There's a difference. 2
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL (gloomtly)
dialog: Of five to ten years.
text: They arrive at 79%; he takes the key from her hand
text: and looks about furtively. Then he inserts it in
text: the lock. Just then, a chambermaid emerges from
text: another room, sees him and calls out:
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Just a minute please!
text: Thornhill nervously Pulls the key from the lock,
text: turns and waits tensely as she walks over to him.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Will you be wantin' me to change
dialog: your beddin', sir?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (relieved)
dialog: Well...yes... but not right now...
dialog: I was oney askin', sir, because
dialog: the bed don't seem like it been
dialog: slept in and I was just wonderin!
dialog: if I still oughta‘keep changin'
dialog: the linens, y'know?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Thank you very much for your
dialog: interest.
speaker_heading: MAID (smiling)
dialog: You're welcome, sir.
text: She goes off down the corrider. Quickly Thornhill
text: inserts the key in the lock, opens the door and
text: leads his mother into the room.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM 62
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You see that? She thought I
dialog: was Kaplan. I wonder if I look
dialog: like Kaplan.
text: He glances about. There are twin beds, neatly
text: made up, but the rest of the room looks lived-
text: in. There is an open suitcase on the floor with
dialog: ay
dialog: North By Northwest .
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-22-58 =P. 45
text: a few shirts and some soiled socks init. Ona 62
text: chair is a three-day stack of well-read New York CONT'D
text: newspapers. The dresser top is strewn with (2)
text: masculine odds and ends -- an electric shaver, -a
text: pair of military brushes monogrammed "G.K.", a
text: halfeempty pint of Canadian Club, several seribbled
dialog: peminders: "Call Wilson,” "Laundry Friday,"
dialog: "Wire Ambassador East confirming reservation, *
dialog: "Mahdi of Pakistan." Also, there is a group
text: picture torn from a newspaper. The caption is
text: missing, but one of the faces has been ringed
text: with red pencil. It is the face of the MAN of
dialog: Glen Cove.
scene_heading: THORNEILL .
dialog: Homm. Look who's here.
scene_heading: MRS. THORNEILL (glancing
dialog: about)
dialog: Where? Who?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Our friend who's assembling the
dialog: General Assembly this afternoon.
text: He puts the picture down.
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: Roger - I think we should go.
text: As he goes to the nightetable and presses a
dialog: button marked "Chambermaia":
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Don't be nervous, Mother.
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: I'm not nervous. I'll be late
dialog: for the bridge club.
speaker_heading: THO!
speaker_heading: NEILL
dialog: Good. You'll lose less than
dialog: usual.
text: He goes to the bathroom and enters.
scene_heading: THE BATHROOM 63
text: There are toilet articles on the sink, on the
text: Glass shelf above it, and in the medicine cabinet,
text: Thornhill takes the comb from the hairbrush on
text: the shelf, inspects it, then replaces it. He
dialog: returns te:
speaker_heading: PS
dialog: 8-13-58 = P.46
speaker_heading: THE BEDROOM 64
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Bulletin. Mr. Kaplan has dandruff, -
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: In that case, I think we'd better
dialog: leave. .
text: Just then, the DOOR BUZZER SOUNDS.
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: Too late.
text: Thornhill goes to the door, opens it. The
text: chambermaid stands there.
speaker_heading: * MAID
dialog: You rang for me?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Come in a moment.
dialog: (the maid enters)
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Elsie, sir.
speaker_heading: * THORNHILL
dialog: Elsie - do you know who I am?
speaker_heading: MAID (giggles)
dialog: Sure. You're Mr. Kaplan.
scene_heading: : THORNHILL .
dialog: When did we...when did you first
dialog: See me, Elsie?
speaker_heading: MAID
text: Outside the door, out there in
dialog: the hall, just a couple minutes
dialog: ago. Don'tcha remember?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You mean that's the first time
dialog: you ever laid eyes on me?
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Can I help it you're never ar ,
dialog: Mr. Kaplan?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: How do you know I Sm Mr. Kaplan?
dialog: North By Northwest —
scene_heading: Chgs. 8-25-58 P47
speaker_heading: MAID (puzzled) 64
speaker_heading: Huh? CONT'D
dialog: : (2)
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: How do you know I'm Mr. Kaplan?
speaker_heading: MAID (giggles)
dialog: Well, of course ya are. This is
dialog: room seven ninety-six, isn’t it?
dialog: So - you're the gentleman in room
dialog: seven ninety-six, aren't ya?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: All right, Elsie.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Will that be all, sir?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: For the time being. Yes.
text: As the maid starts away, the DOOR BUZZER SOUNDS
text: again. The maid opens the door and goes out
text: past the VALET, who is seen standing there with
dialog: @ suit on a hanger. :
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: Valet.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Come in.
speaker_heading: VALET (entering)
dialog: Hang it in the closet, Mr. Kaplan?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Please.
text: Thornhill exchanges a look with his mother as the
text: valet opens the closet door, hangs the suit on
dialog: the rack.
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: There we are.
dialog: (Thornhill gives him a tip)
dialog: Thank you, Mz. Kaplan.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL ,
dialog: By the way - when did I give you
dialog: that suit?
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: Last night. Around six.
dialog: .
dialog: 8-13-58 =P.
speaker_heading: THORNETLL 6h
dialog: Did I give it to you personally? CONT'D
dialog: : (3)
speaker_heading: ‘VALET (smiles)
dialog: Personally? No, Mr. Kaplan. You
text: called down on the phone and
dialog: described the suit to me and said
text: it would be hanging in the closet.
dialog: Like you always do. anything wrong?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: No, no. Just curious.
speaker_heading: VALET (leaving)
dialog: Okay. Nice meeting you, Mr. Kaplen.
text: He goes cut. Thornhill steps to the closet,
text: opens the door.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: I'm beginning to think nobody
dialog: in this hotel has actually ever
dialog: seen Kaplan.
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
text: Maybe he has his suits mended by
dialog: Invisible Weavers.
text: There are several suits on the rack. Thornhill
text: takes one out, tosses it on a chair, whips off
text: his jacket, throws it on the bed, then takes the
text: other jacket off the hanger and puts it on. He
text: extends his arms. The sleeves are eight inches
dialog: too short.
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL (looking
dialog: him over speculatively)
dialog: I don't think that one does
dialog: anything for you.
text: Thornhill takes the trousers from the hanger,
text: holds them up in front of him. They are ludi-
text: crously short.
scene_heading: . THORNHILL
dialog: Look at this. They've
dialog: mistaken me for a man who is
text: only five feet tall.
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: I've always told you to stand
text: up straight.
dialog: sorth By Northwest
dialog: Ches. 9-15-58
text: Just then, the TELEPHONE on the night-table RINGS.
text: Thornhill staree at it uncertainly. The phone RINGS
dialog: again, .
scene_heading: THORNEILL .
dialog: Should I7
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: Certainly not.
text: So Thornhill goes over and picks up the receiver,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: VALERIAN’S VOICE (through phone)
dialog: It is good to fing you in, Mr. Kaplan.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: VALERIAN'S VOICE
dialog: We met only last night ana still you
dialog: do not recognize my votve., TI should
dialog: feel offended —
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Yeah = now I know who you are and
dialog: I'm not Mr. Kaplan,
speaker_heading: VALERIAN’S VOICE
dialog: OF course not. You answer his telephone
dialog: and you live in his hotei Toom, and yet
dialog: you are not Mr, Kaplan, Nevertheless,
dialog: we are pleased to find you in,
text: He clicks off,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: (Jtgesing receiver frantically)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OPERATOR'S VOICE
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Operator, this is Mr, Thorn<= Mr, Kaplen
dialog: in Seven-ninety-six, That call that just
dialog: Came through. Was that an outside cali
dialog: or from the lobby?
speaker_heading: OPERATOR'S VOICE
dialog: Just a minute, sir, I'll see
speaker_heading: B ' THORNHILL
dialog: hurry s
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: Who was it?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Pkg”
dialog: 6h
speaker_heading: CONT'D
speaker_heading: CH)
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs, 9-22-28 =P. 50
speaker_heading: THORNHILL : 64
text: Only one of the men who tried to kill CONT'D
dialog: me last night. (5)
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL .
dialog: Oh ~ we're back to that one, are we?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (jiggling the
dialog: phone)
dialog: . Hello - operator!
speaker_heading: OPERATOR'S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Kaplan...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: OPERATOR'S VOICE
dialog: That call was made from the lobby, sir.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: It was... |
text: (he hangs up, looks about desperately)
dialog: The lobby. They're probably on their
dialog: way up right now, Come on, We've got
dialog: to get out of here.
text: He struggles into his Jacket, picks up the newspaper
dialog: elinping an¢ stuffs it°in hig nocket,
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL (not at all
dialog: excited)
dialog: I think I'd like to Reet one of these killers.
text: He takes her by the arm, hurries her to the door.
scene_heading: THE CORRIDOR . 65
text: As they emerge from the Toom, Thornhill looks
text: about, sees no one, moves his mther swiftly to the
text: nearby srevator « me presses the soo button, waits
text: anxiously, Suddenly two elevators arrive simul tane-
text: gushes one from above, the other from below. Gus
text: as Thornhill and his mother enter their elevator ,
text: Valerian and Licht step out of the other one, in
text: time to see their Quarry. Before the doors can close,
text: they quickly follow Thornhill in.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR 66
text: There are six Passengers in the car, all of them
dialog: of obvious refinement and Sophistication: an
text: elderly gentleman and his elderly wifes; two fitty-
text: ish women; and another couple. Valerian and Licht
text: are crowded close to Thornhill and his mother as
text: the doors close and the elevator starts down.
text: Thornhill taps her and indicates that these
dialog: 8-15-58 P51
text: are the men who are after him. She glances at 66
text: them and sees two men whose attitude seems to CONT'D
text: be quite innocuous. She turns back to Thornhii1 (2)
text: and smiles her disbelief. He frowns and nods his
text: insistence. She turns to them again and smiles.
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: You gentlemen aren't really
dialog: trying to kill oy son, are
dialog: you?
text: The men look at her blankly, as the other
text: passengers turn their heads in surprise. Valerian
text: starts to smile, as he turns to Licht, who takes
text: the cue and also begins to smile. Valerian turns
text: toward the other occupants of the car and starts
text: te chuckle. Relieved, they start to chuckle too.
text: For a split second, Mrs. Thornhill is astonished
dialog: at the effect of her re: + Then she too
text: Joins in the laughter. By now the laughter has
text: built to a crescendo and the ‘Whole car is
text: laughing, even the operator. In the center of
text: all this stands a Glowering Thornhill. The
text: elevator comes to a stor.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Lobby, please. Watch your
dialog: step.
text: Thornhill's expression immediately changes to
dialog: one of furtive calculation. We HEAR the SOUND
text: of the elevator DOOR OPENING and the outside
text: jobby lights appear on his face. Valerian and
text: Licht start to move out.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (to both of
dialog: them, politely)
dialog: Excuse me. Ladies firss, if
dialog: you don't mind,
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY 66x1
text: CAMERA is SHOOTING into the elevator. Thornhill
text: turns and starts backing out of the car as he
text: ushers the ladies out. The ladies, in pushing
text: their way out, ease Valerian and Licht toward
text: the rear. As Thornhill backs away, the CAMERA
text: Also RETREATS with him, but goes faster than
text: he does. Thornhill is now far enough out to
text: turn toward the CAMERA ang start running toward
text: the 59th Street entrance, the CAMERA PANNING
dialog: with him
speaker_heading: ——
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Ches. 8-28-58 P52
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - INT. LOBBY €6x2
text: Thornhill is now running toward the CAMERA.
text: Behind him we see Valerian and Licht pushing -
text: their way between the women, and just in front
text: of them, Mrs. Thornhill, who is calling out:
scene_heading: MRS. THORNHILL
dialog: Roger - will you be home for dinner?
text: Thornhill dashes out of the SHOT.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAZA HOTEL 66X3
text: A man and woman are waiting for a taxi, which
text: is just pulling up. As the doorman opens the door
text: far them, Thornhill comes dashing out of the hotel,
text: runs down the steps and jumps into the cab, past
text: the astonished people. He slams the door shut
text: and the cab starts to move off.
speaker_heading: 67-70 OUT
scene_heading: INT. CAB 71
speaker_heading: DRIVER .
dialog: Where to? .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: ZI don't know. Just keep going.
text: The driver shrugs. Thornhill turns, looks out of
text: the back window. Over his shoulder we SEE
text: Valerian and Licht dashing across the sidewalk
text: and past the same startled couple and doorman
text: into the next cab, which has just pulled up.
text: Thornhill turns away, realizing he is sti11
text: being followed, ponders the situation, then
text: reaches into his pocket, takes out the torn news-
dialog: paper photograph he had found in the hotel room
text: and glances down at it thoughtfully. He looks
text: up at the cab-driver. .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Take me to the United Nations.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
text: The General Assembly Building.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Right.
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Ches. 10-10-58 =P.53
speaker_heading: THORNHILL 71
dialog: I'm being followed. Can you do CONT'D
dialog: something about it? . (2)
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Yes. I can.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Do it.
text: The cab surges forward with a burst of speed.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. UNITED NATIONS HEADQUARTERS - pay 72
text: As seen from the north, a LONG HIGH ANGLE SHOT show-
text: ing the General Assembly building in the foreground,
text: the 39-story marble and glass Secretariat building
text: beyond it, and in the background, the East River and
text: the Brook?: Skyline. At the extreme Tight, a taxi-.
text: Cab is seen pulling up at the curb near the main
text: entrance to the General Assembly building.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - THE ENTRANCE . 73
text: Thornhill gets out of the cab, goes into the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY OF ASSEMBLY BLDC. ~ 24
text: Thornhill crosses to the Information Desk, There
text: are two girls stationed behind she desk, one of
text: them a lovely Indian. She smiles at Thornhill
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: May I help you, sir?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Yes. Where would I find
dialog: Me. Lester Townsend?
text: GIRL (writing on a pad)
dialog: Mr. Townsend of UNIPO. And did you
dialog: have an appointment, sir?
speaker_heading: THORNEILL ,
dialog: I...uh...yes...uh...he expects me.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Your name, sir?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (hesitates)
dialog: My name?
dialog: Ya
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 8-28-58 =P. 54
speaker_heading: GIRL . 74
dialog: Yes, please. a
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Kaplan. George Kaplan.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: One moment please.
text: Shw picks up a phone, starts to dial. Thornhill
text: glances back toward the entrance door nervously.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR MAIN ENTRANCE
text: Another cab is seen Pulling up to the curb.
text: Valerian gets out and, addressing Licht inside, —
text: gestures as though telling him to have the cab
text: wait across the street. As the cab pulls away
text: Valerian starts up the steps to the main entrance
dialog: of the General Assembly building. .
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY 75x1
text: Thornhill is now receiving a slip of paper fren:
text: the girl at the Information Desk, who is saying:
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: +seIf you will give this to one
dialog: of the attendants in the Public
dialog: Lounge she will page him for you.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Thank you very much.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: You're welcome, Mr. Kaplan.
text: Thornhill starts past the desk.
scene_heading: EXT, MAIN ENTRANCE 75x2
text: Valerian crosses the courtyard and starts through
text: the main doors.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY 75X3
text: Valerian enters and glances about. ‘Then he walks
text: in the direction of the Information Desk.
dialog: %
dialog: North By Northwest .
scene_heading: Chgs. 6-28-58 P55
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LOUNGE 76
text: Thornhill is just approaching the lounge. We enter
text: with him, see the vast, high-ceilinged room with its
text: high windows along the north wall looking out on the
text: East River and the Queensboro Bridge in the
text: distance. The lounge is crowded with delegates
dialog: of ail nations; there are many races, many
text: adifferent modes of dress. They sit on leather
text: chetss and sofas sipping tea, or stand in small
text: conversational groups with cocktails in hand.
text: Others congregate at the bar at the east end of the
text: room. Everywhere 1s the buzz of Many different
text: tongues. And over it, the CONTINUING SOUND of the
text: PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEM as three pretty attendants
text: seated behind microphones near the telephone
text: switchboard send out their calls:
dialog: "Miss Knox of Ceylon... United
dialog: States Secretary please... Mr.
dialog: delegation of Pakistan, please call
dialog: the Public Lounge... Mr. Craig of
dialog: the Secretariat, kindly call your
dialog: office... Mr. Bernatti of the Swiss
dialog: Observers Office... Mr. Bernatti of
dialog: the Swiss Observers Office...”
text: Thornhill goes up to one of the attendants (a
text: 26-year-old American girl), hands her the slip
dialog: of paper. .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Will you page Mr. Lester Townsend
dialog: please?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (consulting
dialog: the slip)
dialog: Certainly, Mr. Kaplan.
text: She picks up the microphone. We HEAR her voice
text: over the p.a. system. :
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Mr. Townsend of UNIPO...
dialog: Mr. Townsend of UNIPO....
dialog: Please call at the communications
text: desk of the Public Lounge.
text: Thornhill stands gazing about the crowded room waite
dialog: ing for Townsend to appear. Deep in b.g. we SEE
text: Valerian enter. .He stops as he sees Thornhill.
text: There 1s a constant stream of activity at the
dialog: commumications desk. Several different people
speaker_heading: Se14-58 P56
text: emerge from the throng to walk over to the desk. 76
text: Thornhill pays no attention to them, for none of CONT'D
dialog: them is the man he is seeking. Finally one {2)
dialog: caller - a distinguished looking gentleman of ~
text: about sixty - leans over and speaks to the
text: attendant, who then glances at Thornhill.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Mr. Kaplan...
scene_heading: THORNHILL ‘( turning)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: You wished to see Mr. Townsend.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (pointing)
dialog: This is Mr. Townsend.
text: Thornhill looks at the strange man, blinks with
text: puzzlement.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND |
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Kaplan?
text: He extends his hand.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to attendant)
dialog: This isn't Mr. Townsend.
text: TOWNSEND (smiling)
dialog: Yes it is,
text: He holds out his hand again. Thornhill shakes it
text: dumbly.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: There mist te...some...mistake.
dialog: hester Townsend?
text: TOWNSEND (cheerfully)
dialog: That's me. .
text: (as they stroll towards
dialog: the windows)
dialog: What can I do for you?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (still utterly
dialog: bewildered)
dialog: You're the Townsend who lives in
dialog: Glen Cove?
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 9-22-58
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: That's right. Are we neighbors?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
text: A large red-brick house with a
text: curving tree-lined driveway?
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND (smiles)
dialog: That's the one.
text: ‘As they walk across the room, they pass a press
text: Photographer taking flashbulb shots of a West
dialog: African group. :
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Mr. Townsend, were you at home
dialog: last night?
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: You mean in Glen Cove?
speaker_heading: : THORNEILL
dialog: Yes. :
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: No. I've been staying in ty
dialog: apartment in town for the past
dialog: month. Always do when we're in
dialog: session here,
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: What about Mrs. Townsend?
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND (frowns)
dialog: My wife has been dead for many
dialog: years.
text: . (Thornhill stares at him)
dialog: Look here, Mr. Kaplan, what's this
dialog: all about?
dialog: Who these le 12:
dialog: are ose people living
dialog: in your house?
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: What people? The house is
dialog: completely closed up. There's
dialog: just a gardener and his wife
dialog: living on the grounds. Now,
dialog: Mr. Kaplan - suppose you tell me
dialog: who you are and what you want.
dialog: P.57..
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: cont 'D
dialog: (3)
dialog: ys
dialog: North Sy Northwest -
scene_heading: Shgs. 3-18-58 P.58
text: Thornhill takes the newspaper photograph from his 76
text: Pocket, starts to show it to Townsend. CONT'D
scene_heading: THORNHILL .
dialog: Do you know this man?
text: Townsend glances at the picture, then suddenly
text: gasps and utters a strangled cry. His eyes
text: widen and he sags against Thornhill, who puts
text: hiz arms around him automatically to support
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Here. What's wrong?
text: Townsend groans. His eyes flutter. Thornhill's
text: right hand closes on the handle of a knife pro-
text: truding from Townsend's back. Instinctively he
text: gresps the knife, pulls it out. Townsend slumps
text: to the floor, dead. Thornhill Stands there in
text: horror staring down at him, the bloody knife
text: upraised in his hand. It has ali happened so
text: swiftly that nobody has actually seen the slaying.
text: Valerian is seen h ing away. A woman's voice
text: is heard crying out: "Look!" A man's voice shouts:
text: "What happened?" Thornhill locks up, sees a
text: circle of horrified, angry faces staring at him.
text: A woman points at him accusingly: "He did it! I
text: saw him!" The group moves toward him slowly,
text: threateningly. Another voice cries out: "Look
text: out! He's got a knife!” Thornhill backs away
text: Slowly, dazed and confused,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Wait a minute now... Listen to
dialog: me... I had nothing to do with
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Somebedy do something!...
dialog: I saw himi... Call the Ppolicel..,
dialog: Grab hin!...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (frightened)
dialog: Don't come any nearer! Get back!
text: There ts a CLICK and 2 FLASH OF LIGHT. The press
text: photographer has whipped his camera around and
text: caught a perfect shot of the stunned Thornhill
dialog: North By jorthwest ‘
scene_heading: Chges. 10-15-58 P.59
text: backing away from the fallen body with the bloody 76
text: knife still clenched threateningly in his hand. CONT'D
text: Panic on his face, he drops the knife and flees _ (5)
text: from the room before the startled onlookers can
dialog: Take @ move,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: XT. CONFERENCE ROOM = CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY 27
scene_heading: ~ WASHINGTON, D.C. - EARLY EVENING
text: START CLOSE ON front page of a Washington evening
text: paper featuring the incriminating photo of Thornhill
text: in his "killer's" pose; above it, screamer head-
scene_heading: lines: "DIPLOMAT SLAIN AT U.N.3 Assassin ELUDES
text: POLICE." A MAN'S VOICE is HEARD over the SHOT
text: reading aloud what is obviously part of the news
text: story.- During this we PULL RACK to reveal a group
text: of four men and one woman seated around a confer-
text: ence table. As the CAMERA leaves the INSERT of
dialog: the newspaper and STARTS ITS RISE, we also catch
dialog: a glimpse of official documents on which we SEE
text: the words: "TOP SECRET."
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (reading)
dialog: “--The photograph has been tentatively
dialog: identified as that of Roger Thornhill,
dialog: a Manhattan advertising executive,
dialog: indicating that the name George Kaplan,
dialog: which he gave to an attendant in the
dialog: General Assembly Building, wes false.
dialog: 4 possible mtive for the slaying
dialog: was suggested by the discovery that
dialog: earlier today, Thornhill appeared
dialog: in a Glen Cove, Long Island police
dialog: court on a charge of drumk driving
text: with a stolen car, and in his defense
dialog: charged that the murder victin, .
dialog: M>. Townsend, had attempted to kill
dialog: hin the night before...
text: The man puts the newspaper down on the table, looks
text: up at the other people. Their ages vary fron
dialog: thirty-five to fifty; there is nothing about an
text: Intelligence agent's appearance that cistinguishes
dialog: him from, say, a college professor or a stock
dialog: broker or a reporter or a housewife. These people .
dialog: happen to be all of that, too. The gentleman who
dialog: has been reading the newspaper, for example, is,
text: among other things, a limer of comic cartoons
dialog: for the national magazines.
speaker_heading: . CARTOONIST
dialog: Brother...
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. Y TOrreees P.60
speaker_heading: STOCK BROKER
dialog: 77
dialog: What about that? . a
speaker_heading: HOUSEWIFE
dialog: Does anybody kmow this Thornhill?
speaker_heading: * CARTOONIST
dialog: Not me.
scene_heading: ’ STOCK BROKER
dialog: Never heard of hin,
dialog: Professor?
text: The Professor shakes his head negatively.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Apparently the poor sucker got
dialog: mistaken for George Kaplan.
speaker_heading: CARTOONIST
dialog: How could he be mistaken for
dialog: George Kaplan when George Kaplan
dialog: doesn't even exist?
speaker_heading: REPOPTER
dialog: Don't ask me how it happened,
dialog: but obviously it happened.
text: Vandamm's men must have grabbed
text: him and tried to put him away,
text: using Lester Townsend's house.
speaker_heading: STOCK BROKER (nodding)
text: And the unsuspecting Townsend winds
text: up with a stray knife in his back.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (shrugs)
dialog: Crest la guerre.
text: CARTOONIST (shaking his
dialog: head)
dialog: It's so horribly sad. Why is ¢t I
dialog: feel like laughing?
speaker_heading: HOUSEWIFE
dialog: Rover mind that. What are we going
speaker_heading: CARTOONIST
dialog: Do?
speaker_heading: HOUSEWIFE
dialog: About Mr. Thornhill...
speaker_heading: STOCK BROKER
dialog: Good question,
dialog: °
dialog: North By Northvest ,
scene_heading: Ches. 10-15-58 P.61..
text: . They look at each other uncertainly. Finally the 77
text: ~ mildest mannered of them all, the college professor, CONT'D
text: speaks up quietly, enunciating with elaborate . (3)
dialog: preciseness,
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: We do.. nothing.
speaker_heading: HOUSEWIFS
dialog: Nothing?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (getting up)
dialog: That's right.. mothing.
dialog: (with a gesture)
dialog: Oh, we could congratulate ourselves
dialog: on a marvelous stroke of good
dialog: fortune...
text: (he meets their puzzled stares
dialog: with a delighted annowncement:)
dialog: Our non-existent decoy, George Kaplan
dialog: - created to divert suspicion from
dialog: our own Number One - has fortuitously
dialog: become a Jive decoy.
speaker_heading: HOUSEWIFE
dialog: Yes; Professor. And how long do you
dialog: -~ , think he's going to stay live?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: That's his problem.
speaker_heading: STOCK BROKER
dialog: What Mrs. Finley means --
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (amused)
dialog: I know what she means.
speaker_heading: STOCK BROKER
dialog: wo We can't just sit back calnly
dialog: and wait to see who kills him first...
text: Vandamz and company cr the police.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (forcefully)
dialog: There's nothing we can do to save
dialog: him without endangering Number One!
speaker_heading: ML, HOUSEWIFE
dialog: : Aren't we being just a wee bit
dialog: callous?
text: The Professor's tolerant attitude vanishes.
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs, 10-15-58 P.62
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR 27
dialog: No, my dear woman, we are not being CONT'D
dialog: callous. We did net invent ow (4)
dialog: noneexistent man, and establish
dialog: elaborate behaviour patterns for .
dialog: hin, and move his prop belongings
dialog: in and out of hotel rooms, tor
dialog: our o Private amusement, @
dialog: created George Kaplan and labored
dialog: to convince Vandamm that this
dialog: phantom was our own Number One,
text: hot on his trail, for a desverately
dialog: important reason.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Check,
speaker_heading: STOCK BROKER
dialog: Nobody's denying that.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (passionately)
dialog: All right then. If we make the
dialog: slightest move to suggest that there
dialog: 4g no such agent as George Kaplan...
dialog: give any hint to Vandamm that’ he's
dialog: pursuing a decoy instead of our real
dialog: Number One...then Number One, working
text: right under Vandacn's nose, will
dialog: immediately face suspicion, exposure
dialog: and assassination, like the two
dialog: others who went before.
text: There is a moment of embarrassed silence aroud
text: the table as they all realize the unpleasant truth
dialog: of what the Professor has just said.
text: HOUSEWIFE (softly, sadly)
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Thornhill...wherever
dialog: you are.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION - NYC - EARLY EVENING 78
text: SHOOTING FROM A HIGH vantage point, we disclose
text: the vast, bustling main lobby of the terminal,
text: Police are seen entering from the 42nd Street side
text: o- two lieutenants in uniform and two Plainclothes
text: detectives. They look about come to a stop
text: confer and then disperse. BRA PANS slightly
text: to a phone booth. We SEE Thornhill inside, talking
text: on the phone, .
dialog: 79: o0m
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-15-58 P63
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH 80
scene_heading: . THORNHILL (exasperated)
dialog: But, Mother, I called the Plaza.
dialog: Kaplan checked out and went to the .
dialog: Ambassador East in Chicago. That's
dialog: why I'm --
dialog: (he listens impatiently) |
dialog: I can't go to the police. No
dialog: yet. You Saw the newspapers.
dialog: My fingerprints are on the knife;
dialog: I'ma drunk driver, a car thief
dialog: and I murdered a man for revenge.
dialog: I wouldn't have a chance, and I
dialog: won't have until I find deorge
dialog: Kaplan, who obviously knows what
dialog: this is all about.
dialog: (listens again)
dialog: No, the train. It's safer.
dialog: (another interruption)
dialog: Because there's no room to hide on
dialog: a@ plane if someone should recognize
dialog: me. You want me to jump off a
dialog: moving plane?
dialog: (nods, then with angry sarcasm)
dialog: you so much, Mother.
text: There is a LOUD CLATTER as Mrs, Thornhill hangs
text: up on him. Thornhill stares at the receiver a
text: moment, then hangs up and pushes out of the booth.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL él
text: As he emerges from the booth, he comes face to
text: face with a large man who could be a detective.
text: For a brief, tense mment they stare at each
text: other, and tnen the man steps past him into the
text: booth. Thornhill looks about cautiously, then
text: starts walking across the lobby towards the
text: Sicket windows, CAMERA MOVING with him. Near the
text: Information Booth, a man stands reading the center
text: pages of the N.Y. POST. Thornhill -sees the front
scene_heading: Page headlines: "MANHUNT ON FOR U.N. KILLER.” This
text: reminds him to take out dark glasses and put them
text: OR, which he does as he continues across the lobby
text: and steps up to a PULLMAN TICKET WINDOW. A TICKET
text: AGENT moves up to him, peers at the dark glasses,
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Yes?
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 8-25-58 =P. 64
speaker_heading: THORNHILL 81
dialog: Give me a bedroom or whatever CONT'D
dialog: you got on the Twentieth Century. . (2)
speaker_heading: AGENT (slowly)
text: Leaving in five minutes.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (impatientiy)
dialog: I know. Come on.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: I think they're all sold out.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Sold out?
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: You can always go coach.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: No, I... I can't. When's the
dialog: next train?
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Nothing till ten.
dialog: (peering at him)
dialog: You're in a hurry, huh?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (sharply)
dialog: Call them and see what you can do.
speaker_heading: AGENT (still peering)
dialog: Something wrong with your eyes?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Yes. They're sensitive to questions.
dialog: Will you call them?
speaker_heading: AGENT (still stering
dialog: at him)
dialog: Sure... sure...
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - TICKET OFFICE 82
text: We are behind the agent, SHOOTING THROUGH THE
text: WINDOW OPENING ON Thornhill. What we SEE (and
dialog: Thornhill cannot) 1s that the agent is now
text: looking dewn at a glossy photograph of Thornhill.
text: with knife in hand, obviously a police department
text: copy of the original. He glances up at Thornhill
dialog: again. } ‘
dialog: ao!
dialog: North By Northwest . .
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-9-58 P.65
scene_heading: AGENT . 82
dialog: Don't go away. a
text: The agent walks away from the window, CAMERA MOVING
text: with him. Out of Tnornhill's line of sight in
text: the rear of the ticket office, he picks up a phone,
dialog: etals three times, waits, then -
dialog: AGENT (softly, to phone)
text: He's at Window Fifteen, upper level.
dialog: Rurry.
text: He hangs up, swallows nervously, composes himself,
text: steps to the ticket rack, takes down a ticket, re-
text: turns to the window saying airily:
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: You're in luck, mister --
text: He stops, stares. Nobody is at the window. He
text: leans through, peers about. Thornhill ts gone.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE TERMINAL 83
text: Thornhill has withdrawn to a vantage point across
text: the lobby. In distant b.g. the agent is seen
text: pulling his head back in. In close f.g., Thornhill
text: stands watching him, hidderr by the intervening
text: crowds. Now he sees two men = the police lieutenants -
text: hurrying up to the ticket window, conferring with
text: the agent, then turning, looking about.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Thornhill turns away, moves swiftly toward the
text: trein-platform entrances, CAMERA DOLLYING with hin.
text: He SEES the sign above Track 29: TWENTIETS CENTURY
text: pReTED. He starts through the gate. A Guard stops
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Ticket? .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I...uh...I'm just seeing some
dialog: friends off.
text: He starts through. ‘The guard grabs him.
dialog: os
dialog: North By Northwest .
scene_heading: Corrections 3.15.52 P.66,
speaker_heading: GUARD 84
dialog: Sorry. I'll have to kecw their CONT'D
dialog: name and space before I can let (2)
dialog: you through. -
text: Thornhill isoks pack, sees the police running
text: across the lobby toware the gute. He yanks his
text: arm free, pushes the Guard asiue, goes through
text: the gate and runs past the desi where train
text: officials are verifying Passenger space.
speaker_heading: THE PLATFORM 85
speaker_heading: GUARD'S VOICE (o.s.)
dialog: Wait a minute: Come back here}
text: Thornhill continues to run, CAMERA MOVING with him.
text: In b.g., tne police reach the gate, confer with
text: the guard. As Thornhill reaches the rear car of
text: the waiting train, he turns, looks back. The police
text: are coming arter him. tp end down the platform,
text: porters are calling out: “All aboaras" ‘Thornhill
text: quickly boards tne train.
scene_heading: INT.. TRAIN 86
text: Thornhill hurries through a car, looks out of the
text: window, takes his dari Glasses off and sees the
text: Police running along the platform to enter the
text: car up ahead. fe turns, starts back. Another
text: Passenger is approaching. It is a lovely, smartly-
text: Q@ressed GIAL of twenty-six. Thernhill tries to .
text: Bet past her. Tne aisle is narrow. She steps to
text: one side, But he steps to she same side. He moves
text: to the other siue - just as she does,
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Sorry,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: My fauit.
text: They move to the center - but in unison. Again an
dialog: impasse.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: 8-18-58 = B67
speaker_heading: GIRL 86
dialog: My fauit. . a
dialog: 2
text: Meanwhile, the police have boarded the train. ~
text: Thornhill and tne girl are getting nowhere,
text: Just blocking eazn other. The police come
text: into view at the other end of the car. Momen-
text: tarily distractes by an outgoing Redcap, they
text: haven't spotted Thornhill yet. The girl sees
text: the men, notices their uniforms, sense.
text: Thornhill's urgency. Thornhill catches her
text: look, ducks into an open compartment filled
dialog: with luggage tut no passenger as yet, and
text: Pulls the door partially closed. The police
text: come running through the car,
speaker_heading: GIRL (pointing)
dialog: He went that way. I think he got off.
text: They follow har directions, continue on. The
text: Compartment dcor cpers, Thornhill steps out,
text: sees the ccast is clear.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Thenk you very mucn.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Quite all righs.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (lamely)
dialog: Seven parking tickets.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Oh,
text: She walks away. He looks after her. The view
text: is quite attractive. The train starts moving.
text: He peers out cf the window.
speaker_heading: THE PLATFORM , 87
text: The police have been searching the platform,
text: They turn, watch helpiessly as the train Pulls
dialog: away. :
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NY CENTRAL TAACKS - NIGHT BE
text: Somewhere along tne: Huason River, the Twentieth
text: Century Limited cores around a bend, speeds
text: toward CAMERA and races .by,
dialog: 
scene_heading: 8-18-58 P.68 ©
scene_heading: INT. CLUB CAR ag
dialog: 
dialog: A Pullman CONDUCTOR anu nie asulisiant are finish-
dialog: ing up the Ovsinecs of coliesiing tickets and
text: verifying puiiman space. ‘Iney move through the
text: car. stuaying the passenger: who sit there reading
text: Magazines and new Pers, Pecognicing most of them
dialog: as naving hanjed over thelr ticnets earlier. There
dialog: ds douct avout: oie passenger, an eiderly woman.
speaker_heading: CONSTICTOR
dialog: wo to huve your tickel, madam?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Why yes. I gave lt to you an
dialog: how: ago.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: And that space was....7
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: bedroom F, in var eignteen-on-one.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR {consulting
dialog: nhs chaz.)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: WoMaw (4 Littse nutty)
dialog: Youtre welsome.
dialog: The conavicter ans Ris assistant continue on
text: until they come to a dows inbelled: "WASHROOM."
text: The assistant trices the handie, finds the door
text: uniocked, opens it slightly and peers in.
text: Satisfied that tne washroom is uncccupled, he .
text: Closes the door, and the two men continue on.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: fter a moment, the washrcom usor OVENS,
text: Thornhill peers cut, then emerges ard moves
text: off in the opposite Giressisn through the club
text: car. AS he passes a tabie, he sses an evening
text: paper lying there with his own picture on the
text: front page, fuse ap. He steps, Casually turns
text: the paper over, and contimies on towards the
dialog: @ining car.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 90-91 OUT
scene_heading: INT. DINING CaR 92
text: As Thornniil enters frum the next car, the
text: STEWARD approaches him.
dialog: 0
dialog: 8-18-52 P.69
speaker_heading: STEWARD g2
dialog: Good evening, sir. One? er
speaker_heading: THORNRILE
dialog: Please. .
text: The steward leads him into the dining area. It
text: is fairly crowicd. ‘The GIRL is there, seated
text: alone at a table for tno. She 1s on dessert
dialog: and coffee. Witnout 4 word, tne steward leads
text: Thernhlii directiy to her table and Pulls out
text: the chai: for him, The girl looks up at.
text: Thornhili, omLles flectingiy. He returns ‘the
text: smile amu sits down.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Cocktail before dinner?
speaker_heading: "THORNHILL
dialog: How atout a Glison?
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Right away.
text: He gcse cfr. Tiornniil takes up the menu,
text: Studies 14. The girl raises her eyes, studies
text: him. He jocks up, catches n glance. She
text: Quickly tasks a He glances aonn at the
text: menu again, Sher lol ae nei. She glances
dialog: Up, Catchis him, and me less ay. New she
text: locks away. Then they both lock up at each”
dialog: cther at the save time ond et meas cn. They
dialog: smile.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THOFNHILG
dialog: Well » here ae are again.
speaker_heading: otk
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (looking
dialog: aoxn at menu}
dialog: Recenmend anything?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Tne brock trout. A little
dialog: “trouty" but quite good.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Sela.
text: He writes out the crder. A waiter brings his
text: Gibson, takes the order and ieuves. Thernhill
text: Blances about the dinirg car nervously, sees
text: (or perhaps imagines he sees) several people
text: staring at him. When he looks back at the
text: girl, he finds that she is scrutinizing him
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I know. I look vaguely familiar
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You feel you've seen me somewhere
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Funny how I have that effect
dialog: on people wherever I go.
dialog: Something about my face...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: It's a nice face.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You reaily think s0?
speaker_heading: GIRL ~
dialog: I would never say it if I
dialog: didn't,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Oh = you're that type.
speaker_heading: OIre
dialog: What type?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Honest.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Good. Honest women frighten
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Why?
dialog: 8-18-58
dialog: P.70
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (3)
dialog: North By Northwest ~
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.71
speaker_heading: THORNHILL 92
dialog: I feel at a disadvantage with CONT'D
dialog: then. Or)
dialog: Be My t honest with
dialog: ecause you're no nes
dialog: them, :
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Exactiy.
speaker_heading: GIRL ,
dialog: Like that business about the
dialog: seven parking tickets...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (stepping
dialog: delicately past it)
dialog: What I mean is: the moment I meet
dialog: an attractive girl, I have to
dialog: start pretending that I've no desire
text: to make love to her.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What makes you think you have to
dialog: conceal 127
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: She might find the idea objectionable.
text: GIRL (provocatively) .
dialog: And then again, she might not. .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Think. how lucky I am to have
dialog: been seated here,
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Luck had nothing to do with it.
scene_heading: Fate? THORNEILL
dialog: ate?
dialog: Norta By Northwest
speaker_heading: Chgs 7 ae
dialog: ngs. 16-1 P.72
speaker_heading: GIRL 92
dialog: I tipped the steward five CONT'D
dialog: dollars to seat you here if (5)
dialog: You should come in. -
text: Thornhill looks at her for a long moment.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Is that a proposition?
text: She looks right back at him fer an equally long
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: IT never make love on an empty
dialog: stomach.
speaker_heading: TRORNEILL
dialog: You've already eaten.
speaker_heading: . GIRL
dialog: But you haven't.
text: They contimie to gaze at each other, and then
text: the waiter brings dinner and sets it on the
dialog: table. Thornhill goes te work on ite
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Don't you think it's time we
dialog: were introduced?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I'm Eve Kendall. Twenty-six
dialog: . and unmarried. Mow you imow
dialog: everything. .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: What do you do besides lure men
dialog: to their doom on the New York
dialog: Central?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Tim an industrial designer.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Jack Phillips. Western sales
dialog: manager of Kingby Electronica.
speaker_heading: EVE (easily)
dialog: No you're not. Youtre Roger Thornhill
dialog: of Madison Avenue and you're wanted .
dialog: for murder on every front page in
dialog: America. Don't be so modest.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Oops.
dialog: North By Nerthwest
dialog: Corrections 8-18-58 ».73..
speaker_heading: EVE : 92
dialog: Don't worry. I won't say a word. er
scene_heading: THORNHILL .
dialog: Eow come?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I told you - it's a nice face.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Is that the only reason?
speaker_heading: EVE (shrugs)
dialog: It's going to i a fone night...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (nods)
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: And I don't particularly like the
dialog: book I've started...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: An.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You know what I mean?
speaker_heading: TRORNEILL
dialog: "Oh = exactly.
text: Eve puts a cigarette between her lips, looks quite
text: voldly inte Thornhill's eyes as he takes a folder
text: of matches from kis pocket. She notices the match
text: folder, takes it from him and examines it. (WE
text: WILL SEE IT IN AN INSERT). On each side of the .
text: folder, three large letters: RO Tt.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (explaining)
dialog: My trademark << rot,
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Roger 0. Thornhill. What's the
dialog: 0. for?
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Nothing.
text: He strikes a match to light her cigarette. (Mean-
text: while, the train has been Slowing down as it
text: a station.) She takes his hand in hers and guides
text: the flame to her cigarette, her hands lingering on
text: his with an unmistakable intimacy that he finds
text: downright delightful.
dialog: She looks
dialog: Norta by Northwest
dialog: Ches
dialog: . 10-10..58 9 P.qe
speaker_heading: THORNHILL 92
dialog: I'd invite you to my bedroom CONT'D
dialog: if I had a bedroom. (7)
dialog: Roomette?
scene_heading: : TRORNEILL .
dialog: Nothing - not even a ticket. I've
dialog: deen playing hide-and-seek with the
dialog: pullman conductor ever since we left
dialog: New York. .
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: How awkward for you.
speaker_heading: ‘THO!
dialog: No place to sleep.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I've got a large drawing-room all
dialog: to myself.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: That's not fair, 1s 1t?
speaker_heading: EVE
text: Drawing-room E, car thirty-nine-ch-one.
speaker_heading: THORNEL
dialog: 4 nice number,
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Easy to remember,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Thirty-nine-ch-one.
speaker_heading: EVE .
dialog: See?
speaker_heading: EO!
dialog: I have no luggage.
dialog: EVE (locking out of
dialog: the window)
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: You wouldn't happen to have an
dialog: extra pair of Pajamas, would you?
text: him right in the eye.
speaker_heading: . EVE
dialog: Wouldn't I?
dialog: ~~
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.75
text: Then she puts money on her tab and gets to her |
text: feet, as Thornhill stares up at her, slightly
text: awed. The train comes to a stop,
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Incidentally, I wouldn't order
dialog: any dessert le I were you.
text: THORNHILL (pats his
dialog: stomach)
dialog: I get the message,
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: That wasn't quite what I meant.
text: The train seems to be maling an
dialog: unscheduled stop, and I just saw two
text: men getting out of a police car as
dialog: we pulled into the station. They
dialog: weren't smiling. . .
text: She walks away, and Thornhill looks out of the
text: window. TWO berscrives ate seen hurrying along the
text: platform to board the train. Thornhill Puts some
text: money on the table, gets to his feet and saunters
text: out of the car in the direction Eve has taken.
text: CAMERA PANS QUICKLY to the other end of the ear,
text: picks up the two detectives entering the dining
text: area and looking about. The steward walks =p to
text: them, as the train starts moving again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE'S DRAWING}ROOM (LATER)
text: Eve is seated by the window with a book in her lap,
text: apparently alone. Thornhill is nowhere to be seen.
text: Sometime during the eer eet the CAMERA will indicate |
text: to us that his MUFFLED VOICE is coming from behind
text: she CLOSED UPPER BERTH, where he is locked in,
text: Eve continues to glance at her book as she Speaks.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL'S VOICE
dialog: I think you better go out and
dialog: tell those police to hurry.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Patience is a virtue,
scene_heading: ‘ THORNEILL'S VOICE
dialog: So is breathing.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Just lie still.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (8)
dialog: 93
dialog: =~
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. © 9-958 P.76
scene_heading: THORNHILL'S VOICE $3
dialog: Do you have any olive o11? ay
dialog: 2
dialog: a
dialog: Olive o11?
speaker_heading: THORNEILL'S VOICE
dialog: I want to be packed in olive o1l
dialog: if I'm going tc be a sardine.
text: The DOOR BUZZER SOUNDS. Eve remains seated,
text: calls out in a loud voice:
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Come in.
text: The door opens. The dining-car steward is seen
text: in the corridor. He looks in at Eve, speaks
text: apologetically.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: I'm sorry to disturb you.
dialog: Seme gentlemen here would
dialog: like to have a word with you.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (o.s.)
dialog: Okay. Thanks.
text: The steward goes off, and the two detectives enter.
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: Your name please?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Eve Kendall. Who are you?
scene_heading: . FIRST DETECTIVE (showing
dialog: identification)
dialog: tate Police.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Is anything wrong?
text: Meanwhile, the second detective is opening the closet
text: deer and the lavatory door and peering into every
text: nook and cranny of the arawing-reom.
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: There was a man seated at your
text: table tomight in the dining car.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: te
dialog: 8-18-58 = P.77
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE 93
dialog: Friend of yours? eg).
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I never saw him before.
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: This the man?
text: He hands her a Photograph. She takes it,
dialog: studies it.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Why yes. I think so. It's
dialog: not a very clear picture.
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: It's a wirephote. We Just got
dialog: it from the New York police,
speaker_heading: . EVE
dialog: Police? .
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: He's wanted for murder.
dialog: EVE (getting us)
dialog: Good heavens. No. °
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: We thought maybe he was in
dialog: here with you.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: With me? I told you, I don't
dialog: + even know the man,
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: The steward said you left the
text: dining car together.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: We might have happened to
dialog: eave at the same time but
dialog: not together.
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: What did you two talk about?
dialog: Talk about?
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: Yeah. Your waiter sald you were
dialog: getting along pretty gocd with this
dialog: Thornhill fellow.
dialog: North By_ Northwest :
scene_heading: Ches. 10-10-58 P.78
speaker_heading: , EVE 93
dialog: Is that his name - Thornhill? a
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: Didn't he tell you?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No. Didn't tell me anything. All
dialog: we did was chat...about different
dialog: kinds of food...train travel versus
dialog: plane travel...that sort of thing...
dialog: rather innocuous, I must say,
dialog: considering that he was a itive
dialog: from justice. Who did he ?
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: He didn't say where he was going,
dialog: did he?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No = I assumed Chicago. You think
dialog: perhaps he got off when you got on?
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE (rather
dialog: grimiy)
dialog: Look - if you happen to catch sight
dialog: of him again, Miss... wh -~
dialog: Kendall.
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: see Will you let us know?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I'm going to bed soon, .and I intend
dialog: to lock my door, so I doubt if
dialog: T'll be seeing him or anybody else
dialog: tonight. —
speaker_heading: : FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: Well just in case you do = we'll
dialog: be in the observation car at the
text: rear of the train.
dialog: It's comforting to kmow that.
text: Disgruntled, the two men walk out.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Goodnight,
text: She closes the door, goes quickly to her handbag
dialog: as she says:
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.79..
speaker_heading: EVE , 93
dialog: Still breathing? CONT'D
dialog: (3)
speaker_heading: THORNHILL'S VOICE
dialog: (pleading weakly)
dialog: Either hurry, or bring me a snorkel.
text: EVE (fumbling in her bag)
dialog: I'm looking for that can opener I
text: stole from the porter.
text: She takes out the key-like device which porters use
text: to open pullman beds. She inserts it in the lock
text: . turns i and the upper berth crashes open, bouncing
dialog: Tho into view,
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Hello there.
text: He sits up, heaves a sigh of relief, removes his
text: Sun-glasses from his pocket and stares sourly at
text: them. They are smashed. He drops the pieces on
text: the bed, then looks down at Eve and smiles with
dialog: friendly puzzlement. mo,
dialog: EVE (during abeve)
dialog: All clear. -
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Why are you so gqod to me?
text: She gazes up at him and smiles.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Shall I climb up and tell you why?
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - LONG SHOT , oe
text: As it speeds through the darkness.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE DIESEL LOCOMOTIVE 95
text: As its HORN BLASTS four times.
scene_heading: es DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, EVE'S DRAWING-ROOM - LATER 96
text: The upper berth is closed now. Eve and Thornhill
text: are standing close together in the dark murmuring to
text: each other between frequent kisses. We HEAR then
dialog: more than see then, for they are revealed to us only
text: by the passing lights outside the windows. Her back
text: is against the wall near the light switches. He is
text: Standing directly in front of her, his hands at her
text: waist. Her hands are at his shoulders, not helping
text: not resisting.
dialog: 
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.80
speaker_heading: EVE 96
dialog: You know, I've been thinking - CONT'D
dialog: it's not safe for you to roam (2)
dialog: around Chicago looking for this .
dialog: George Kaplan you've been telling
dialog: me about. You'll be picked up
dialog: by the police the moment you show .
dialog: your face...
text: THORNHILL. (kissing her)
dialog: And it's such a nice face, too.
dialog: EVE (kissing him back)
dialog: Don't you think it would be better
dialog: it ao stayed in my hotel room
dialog: while I located Mr. Kaplan end
dialog: brought him to you?
speaker_heading: ORNHILL
speaker_heading: TH a
dialog: ' Can't let you get invelved. Too
dialog: dangerous.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I'ma big girl.
text: THORNHILL (nibbling away)
dialog: In all the right places, too.
dialog: EVE (responding with
dialog: growing excitement)
dialog: This is ridiculous. You know
dialog: that, don't you?
text: THORNHILL (kissing her
dialog: lips)
dialog: Yes. .
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: ZT mean, we've hardly met.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: How do I know you aren't a
dialog: murderer?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to her
dialog: neck)
dialog: You don't.
dialog: Ba wie ay awe wsiWest
scene_heading: Ches. 10-10-58 P.81.,
dialog: Mayb Te Li ing to a gonr'D
dialog: ybe you're planning murder 7 Cl
dialog: aN me, right here, tonight, (3)
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (working on -
dialog: her ear)
dialog: Shall I?
dialog: , . EVE (whispers)
dialog: Yes,..please do...
text: This time her hands do help him, and it is a long
dialog: kiss indeed.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: What's happening to us? -
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: We're just strangers on a train.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Beats flying, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: We should stop,
scene_heading: . THORNHILL (continuing)
dialog: ~ . Inmedtately.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: ZT ought to know more about you.
text: THORNEILL (kissing her)
dialog: The rest is unimportant,
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You're an advertising man, that's
dialog: 1 all I know. You've got taste in
dialog: clothes...taste in food ~~
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Taste in women. -
dialog: ; tasting her)
dialog: I like your flavor.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: And you're ve: clever with words. °
dialog: You can probably make them do .
dialog: anything for you...sell People things
dialog: they don't need,..make women who don't
dialog: know you fall in love with you...
speaker_heading: THORMHTLL
dialog: oO I'm beginning to think I'm
dialog: ao underpaid,
dialog: ~s
dialog: 8-18-58 P.82
text: And then they come together slowly in a long kiss 96
text: that might never have ended if the DOCR BUZZER CONT'D
text: hadn't SOUNDED. They break apart, look towards (4)
text: the doer. Thornhill quiskly steps inside the
text: lavatory and closes the door, as Eve snaps on .
text: the overhead lights, goes to the other door,
text: unlocks it and opens it. A PORTER is standing
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: EVE (for Thornhill's
dialog: ears)
dialog: Oh - the porter. I suppose you
dialog: want to make up my bed.
speaker_heading: PORTER (entering)
dialog: Yes, matam.
dialog: EVE (holding up the key)
dialog: Is this yours? I found it on
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Why yes, ma'am. I've been looking
dialog: all over for tt.
text: As the porter opens a lower berth and starts
text: making up the bed, Eve takes up her handbag
dialog: and says, for Thornhill's benefit.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: Ifill wait outside.
text: She starts to open her handbag as she goes out
text: to the corridor.
dialog: 97-98 our
scene_heading: INT. LAVATORY 99
text: Thornhill is leoking at his face in the mirror
text: and feeling his chin. He looks around at Eve's
text: toiletries, sees a tiny ladies! safety razor and
text: a tiny shaving brush. He picks the rezor up
text: and looks from it to himself in the mirror with
text: blank expression. He gives a casual half tum
text: as he HEARS the VOICES of Eve and the porter.
speaker_heading: EVE'S VOICE
dialog: Thank you, porter.
speaker_heading: PORTER'S VOICE
dialog: Thank you, matam. Good night now.
speaker_heading: EVE'S VOICE
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: oN
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-15-58 P.83
text: Then he HEARS the compartment door being closed 99
text: and locked, and a KNOCK on the lavatory door. a
dialog: - 2
speaker_heading: EVE'S VOICE
dialog: Come out, come out, wherever you are.
text: Thornhill opens the door and steps out.
speaker_heading: 100 OUT
scene_heading: INT. DRAWING ROOM 101
dialog: EVE (by way of explanation)
dialog: The porter...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (noticing the
dialog: open bed)
text: {he snaps off the overhead lights)
dialog: Now where were we?
dialog: EVE (moving close)
dialog: Here?
text: an THORNHILL (holding her)
text: They kiss.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (murmurs)
dialog: I see he opened the ded.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
text: Only one bed.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I think it's a good omen. Don't you?
speaker_heading: EVE (sighs)
dialog: Wonderful.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Know what it means?
dialog: EVE (dreamily)
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (softiy)
dialog: Tell ne.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: It means...that you...
text: (she looks up at him)
dialog: uerth By Northvest
dialog: Chgs, 10-10-58 P,8%
dialog: . 101
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
text: He gives her a look.
speaker_heading: * THORNHILL
dialog: Here. Take your omen back.
text: Eve kisses him gently on the lips, and as she
text: presses her cheek against his, her expression
text: sobers for a moment and her eyes turn to the door
dialog: thoughtfully.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - ANOTHER CAR ‘ 102
text: SHOOTING down the corridor, we SEE the porter moving
text: away from us. In his right hand is a folded piece
dialog: of white paper. a
speaker_heading: 103 OUT
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - SIDE VIEW OF PORTER 103x1
text: The CAMERA is now travelling with him. When he
text: comes to a stop before the door of a drawing-room,
text: the CAMERA CONTINUES to travel a bit while he
text: presses the buzzer, CAMERA is now facing the
text: porter. The door opens, We do not see the
dialog: occupant. : .
speaker_heading: PORTER (holding out
dialog: the plece of paper)
text: A message from the lady in car
dialog: thirty-nine-ch-one,
text: A man's hand emerges and takes the note. The
text: porter turns and moves away.
scene_heading: INT. DRAWING-ROOM 103x2
text: The man's hands unfold the note and it fills the
dialog: screen. It says:
dialog: “What do I do with him in the morning?"
dialog: (signed) .
dialog: "Eve.' .
scene_heading: FULL SHOT OF DRAWING-ROOM 103X3,
text: Leonard, the secretary of Glen Cove, is closing
text: the door, turning and handing the note to his
text: master, PHILLIP VANDAMM, the MAN whom Thornhill
dialog: had mistakenly assumed at Glen Cove to be Lester
dialog: Townsend, Over this, the SOUND of the DEISEL HORN
text: BLASTING four times.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: ~
dialog: 8-18-58 =P. 85
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: TRAIN PLATFORM - INT. LA SALLE STREET STATION - 104
scene_heading: CHICAGO - MORNING
dialog: The Twentieth Century Limited has come to the -end
text: of its run. MOVING CAMERA reveals passengers
text: getting off, luggage heing unloaded by pullman
text: porters, Redcaps swarming over the platform, some
text: of them boarding the srain, others getting off
text: with luggage in hand. And now CAMERA picks up the
text: TWO DETECTIVES who boarded the train the night
text: before. They are conferring with other plain-
text: clothesmen and uniformed police who have come to
text: meet the train. The men disperse, eyeing the
text: off-going passengers as they take up positions.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 105
text: Eve is seen getting off the train. Behind her
text: comes a Redcap carrying her luggage. As we
text: DOLLY WITH THEM along the long, crowded platform
text: towards the terminal, we see that, beneath the
text: red hat and the uniform, the bagrage-smasher,
dialog: 8 y or" .
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE TWO DETECTIVES 106
text: as they see Eve.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW - FROM DETECTIVES 107
text: Eve epproaching, followed by her "Redcap."
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - THORNHILL AND EVE 108
text: Eve sees the detectives up ahead. She slows
text: down, lets Thornhill draw abreast of her as
dialog: they walk.
speaker_heading: . EVE (sotto voce)
dialog: Keep walking. I'll catch up.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
text: The two detectives step into her path. She
text: stops. Thornhill continues on.
dialog: 8-18-58 =P. 86
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE 108
dialog: Anything to report, Miss Kendall? a
dialog: EVE (with enthusiasm)
dialog: Why yes. I had a fine night's
dialog: sleep. -
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE (shaking
dialog: his head with annoyance)
dialog: I mean did you happen to see the
dialog: man we're looking for?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Mr. Thornycroft?
speaker_heading: FIRST DETECTIVE
dialog: Thornhill.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh...No....I'm awfully sorry.
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: But good luck te you both.
text: She walks away. The two detectives look after
text: her with sour expression. .
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - WITH EVE AND THORNHILL 109
text: Eve catches up with her "Redcap", moves abreast
text: of him as he struggles with the heavy luggage.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: How're we doing?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (exhausted)
dialog: I may collapse any minute.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Not yet. First we have to run
dialog: the gauntlet. Look.
scene_heading: MOVING POINT OF VIEW - FROM EVE AND THORNHILL 110
text: Police are lined up along the platform up ahead,
text: eyeing everyone who passes.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - WITH EVE AND THORNHILL 112
text: They move right along under the very eyes of the
text: police, talking to each other with a technique
dialog: that would arouse the approval of any ventriloquist:
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.87
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (sweating) lu
dialog: I'm accustomed to having a load CONT'D
dialog: on... What have you got in these bags? (2)
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Bowling balls - naturally.
speaker_heading: TEHORNEILL
dialog: Which one of these has ny suit in it?
speaker_heading: EVE .
text: The small zippered affair underneath
dialog: your right arm. .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: That ought to do it a lot of good.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I'm sure Mr. Kaplan won't mind a
text: ’ few wrinkles.
speaker_heading: THORNETLL
dialog: If he's still there. what time
dialog: is 1t?
speaker_heading: EVE
text: Nine-thirty.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: He may have left his hotel room
dialog: by now.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I'll call him for you as soon as
text: we get inside the station.
speaker_heading: TH
dialog: No. I'll do it.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: Redcap in a phone booth? Slightly
dialog: suspicious.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: All right. You know what to tell
dialog: him? :
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You want to see him right away.
dialog: Terribly urgent. Matter of life
dialog: and death. No explanations.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Good.
dialog: North By Northvest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.88
speaker_heading: EVE ‘ ni
dialog: And while I'm calling, you change CONT'D
dialog: your clothes. : (3)
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Where do you propose I do. that ~- in
dialog: Marshall Field's window?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I sort of had the Men's Room in
dialog: mind. *
text: THORNHILL (gives her a
dialog: look) ©
dialog: you now.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're the smartest girl I ever
text: spent the night with on a train.
text: She glances at him with a slight smile. He gives
text: her a sour look.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP = EVE : noo
text: As she looks ‘straight ‘ahead again, her expression
text: becomes thoughtful with a trace of aistress. She
text: turns her head slightly.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATFORM i1ixe
text: In a MEDIUM SHOT, we now SEE the subject of Eve's
text: troubled thoughts: Vandamm and Leonard, who are
text: getting off their pullman car. They start to walk
text: toward the CAMERA.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - EVE : 112x3
text: She glances at Thornhill with a trace of sadness
text: in her eyes.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - THORNEILL (FROM EVE'S POINT OF VIEW) 11X4
text: With a cheerful eye cocked for any signs of
dialog: danger ahead.
dialog: ~~
dialog: 8-18-58 P.89
scene_heading: THE PLATFORM UP AHEAD (FROM THORNHILL'S POINT OF 111X5
scene_heading: VIEW) = MOVING SHOT
text: There are no police in sight.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - THORNHILL AND EVE 111x6
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Looks like we've made it.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT - THE PLATFORM - LILX7
text: There is a commotion around the steps of the car
text: from which Eve and Thornhill alighted. On the
text: top of the steps appears a hatless, middle-aged
text: - Man in his underwear, socks and shoes. Behind
text: him are two uniformed policemen pushing him down
text: the steps to the platform. Our two detectives
text: quickly step forward to question him. At the
text: same time, the two uniformed police alight to
text: the platform and complete the smail knot of
text: men surrounding the uniformless Redcap. For a
text: moment we see the hapless Redcap gesticulating
dialog: as he describes how he came to be in this state
text: of undress. Then suddenly the police and
text: detectives dash away and down the platform
text: toward the main lobby, leaving the man standing
text: there in his underwear.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE REDCAP 1211x6
text: He watches the departing police, then fishes out
text: a few dollar bills frem inside his underwear and
text: counts them over.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN LOBBY - HIGH ANGLE SHOT ile .
text: Much activity, many people, a profusion of
text: Redcaps. If one of them is Thornhill, it is
text: difficult to tell. Now we SEE the four minions
text: of the law arriving in the lobby. They dash
text: about, rounding up Redcaps, who submit to
text: examination with much bewilderment. One detective
text: whips off a Redcap's hat. Angrily the man
text: snatches it back. Another detective spots a
text: Redcap who is hurrying away, his back to
text: CAMERA. He looks very much like Thornhill from
text: the rear. The detective grabs him, whirls him
dialog: 8-18-58 P.90
text: around, and finds himself staring. into a stunned, 112
text: open mouthful of teeth that definitely do not CONT'D
text: answer to the description of Thornhill's.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM llexl
dialog: There is considerable activity here. At the
text: row of wash basins stand three men. One is
text: washing his hands, the other is scraping away
text: at his chin with a straight razor, and the
text: third man - Thornhill - is busily rubbing in a
text: foamy lather which covers the lower half of
text: his face. He is in his regular trousers by now,
text: and his jacket hangs nearby. At his feet stands
text: Eve's small zippered bag. The Redcap uniform is
text: nowhere to be seen. Suddenly the door bursts '
text: open and our two detectives enter. Thornhill
text: and the other men turn at the commotion, casually
text: watch the detectives glancing about in search
text: -of their quarry. As Thornhill turns back to the
text: mirror and continues to lather his face, we HEAR
text: the SOUND of stall DOORS OPENING and BANGING
text: CLOSED. Their mission unaccomplished, the
text: detectives go out. Thornhill nonchalantly finishes
text: his lathering, then looks down and picks up his
dialog: razor, which, up to now, we have not seen.
text: It is the tiny one belonging to Eve. He starts
text: to draw it down his cheek, leaving the narrowest
text: of lines down the lather. Then in the mirror
text: he catches sight of the man with the straight
text: razer staring at him in bewilderment.
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Correction 9-16-58 P.91
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH IN MAIN LOBBY
text: We SEE Eve through the Glass doors, listening to
text: someone on the phone, writing on a memo pad and
text: saying a few words of agreement. The CAMERA
text: now begins to TRAVEL along the row of booths,
text: We SEE various people at telephones. ‘The CAMERA
text: comés to a STOP outside another booth. Thr
text: the glass we SEE Leonard pbeaking: He seems to be
text: issuing specific Instructions, glances at his
text: wristwatch once. After a Pause, he hangs up.
scene_heading: EXT. ROW OF BOOTHS
text: A RAKING SHOT of the line of booths, sh
text: Eve in the f.g. booth through the glass in the
text: act of hanging up. She folds the piece of
text: paper as she rises and emerges from the docth,
text: her head turned away from us. Simultaneously,
text: the door of Leonard's booth opens and he
text: steps out. Without looking at Eve, he crosses
text: over to Vandamm, who is idly glancing at a
text: ‘Magazine at the newsstand. Leonard murmurs
text: something to him, and the two men move ofr.
text: Now Eve turns, looks about, and reacts as she
dialog: sees:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - POINT OF VIEW
text: Thornhill, carrying Eve's small zippered bag,
text: is walking with assumed nonchalance across the
text: station. He gives a deliberate side glance in
text: Eve's direction, meaning: "Foliow me."
speaker_heading: 112x2 oUT
speaker_heading: 112ax2
speaker_heading: 112x3 OUT
speaker_heading: 112x4
speaker_heading: 112x5
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chges. 10-10-58 P.92
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT iexé
text: Eve starts to mve across the lobby after Thornhill.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THORNHILL 233
text: He is. just coming to a stop at a secluded spot be-
text: hind a colum. He turns and waits. After a few
text: moments, Eve comes into the SHOT. She has assumed
text: a much lighter air. He hands her the zippered bag
dialog: and several baggage tickets.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What tock you so long?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
text: Small razor. Big face.
dialog: (glancing about warily)
dialog: Did you get Kaplan?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Good. What did he say?
speaker_heading: . EVE
dialog: Re'll see you, but not at the
dialog: hotel under any circumstances.
dialog: He'll meet you on the outside.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Where? When? :
speaker_heading: EVE :
dialog: I've got it all written out for
dialog: a
text: (she hands him the slip of
text: paper. He studies it as she
dialog: . talks)
dialog: You're to take the Greyhound Bus
dialog: that leaves Chicago for Indianapolis
text: at two and ask the driver to let
dialog: you ert at the Prairie Stop on High-
dialog: way 4i, .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (reading)
dialog: Prairie Stop...Highway 41...
speaker_heading: EVE
text: About an hour-and-a-half's drive
dialog: from Chicago.
dialog: North by Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 10-10-58 p. 93
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I can rent a car.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No car. Mr. Kaplan said bus. He
dialog: wants to be sure you're alone.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: All right. What do I do when I get
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: EVE
text: Just stand beside the road and wait.
dialog: He'll be there at 3:30.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: How will I know him?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: He'll know you. You made the Chicago
dialog: papers, too.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Have you got your watch set to Central
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I did that. Thanks.
dialog: (looking at her)
dialog: What's the matter.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Matter?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You. You seem... I don't know...
dialog: tense.
dialog: EVE (turns away)
dialog: You better go. Before the police run
dialog: out of Redcaps.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: We'll see each other again, won't we?
speaker_heading: EVE (strained)
dialog: Sometime... I'm sure...
scene_heading: THORNHILL (with tenderness)
dialog: I never found a moment to thank you
dialog: properly.
dialog: ms
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.ob
speaker_heading: EVE (disturbed) 113
dialog: Please go. . . cg 'D
scene_heading: THORNHILL .
dialog: But where will I find you?
dialog: EVE (evasively) .
dialog: I have to pick up my bags now...
text: He takes hold of her, turns her to hin.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Please wait a minute...
text: She looks past him.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: _ They're coming.
text: Thornhill, wmable to see over his shoulder because
text: of the column behind him, gives hale e glance and
text: dashes off out of the SHOT. The CAMERA EASES OVER
text: ‘and SHOOTS past Eve's shoulder into the main dobby.
text: There are no police, just a few desultory travellers,
text: Eve turns into the CAMERA and looks after the
text: departed Thornhill with an unhappy expression.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: ICOPTER SHOT ~ EXT. HIGHWAY 4i - (AFTERNOON) 11
text: We START CLOSE on a Greyhound bus, SHOOTING
text: DOWN on it and TRAVELLING ALONG with it as
text: it speeds in an easterly direction at 70 M.p.h.
text: Gradually, CAMERA DRAWS AWAY from the bus,
text: going higher but never dosing sight of the vehicle,
text: which recedes into the distance below and becomes
text: a toy-like object on an endless ribbon of deserted
text: highway that stretches across miles of flat
text: Prairie. Now the bus is slowing down. It is
text: hearing a junction where a sma’ dirt road coming
text: from nowhere crosses the highway and continues on
text: to nowhere. The bus stops. A man gets out. It
text: is Thornhill. But to us he is only a tiny figure.
text: The bus starts away, moves on out of sight. And
text: now Thornhill stands alone beside the road -a
text: tiny figure in the middle of nowhere,
dialog: 
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Adds. 8-25-58 P.95
scene_heading: ON THE GROUND - WITH THORNHILL - (MASTER SCENE) 115-115x1:
text: He glances about, studying his surroundings. The
text: terrain is flat and treeless, even more desolate
dialog: from this vantage point than it seemed from the
text: air. Here and there patches of low-growing farm
text: crops add some contour to the land. A hot sun
text: beats down. UTTER SILENCE hangs heavily in the
text: air. ogra glances at his wristwatch. It
dialog: is 3:25.
text: In the distance, the FAINT HUM of a MOTOR VEHICLE
text: is HEARD. Thornhill looks off to the west. The
text: HUM GROWS LOUDER as the car draws nearer. Thorn-
text: hill steps closer to the edge of the highway. A
text: Black sedan looms up, travelling at high speed,
dialog: For a moment we are not sure it 1s not hurtling
text: vight at Thornhill. And then it ZOOMS past hin,
text: recedes into the distance, becoming a FAINT HUM,
text: a tiny speck, and then SILENCE again.
text: Thornhill takes out a handkerchief, mops his face.
text: He is beginning to sweat now. It could be from
text: nervousness,.as well as the heat. Another FAINT
text: HUM, coming from the east, GROWING LOUDER AS he
text: Glances off and sees ‘another distant speck be-
text: coming a speeding car, this one a closed conver-
text: tible. Again, anticipation en Thornhill's face.
text: Again, the vague umeasiness of indefinable danger
text: approaching at high speed. And again, ZOOM - a
text: Cloud of dust - a car receding into the distance -
scene_heading: & PAINT HUM - and SILENCE,
text: His lips tighten. He glances at his watch again.
text: He steps out into the middie of the highway, Looks
text: Pirst in one direction, then the other. Nothing
text: in sight. He loosens his tie, opens his shirt
text: collar, looks up at the sun. Behind him, in the
text: distance, another vehicle is HEARD approaching.
text: He turns, looks off to the west. This one 1s a
text: huge transcontinental moving van, ROARING TOWARD
text: -HIM at high speed. With quick apprehension he
text: moves off the highway to the dusty side of the road
text: as the van thunders past and disappears. Its FADING
text: SOUND 1s replaced with a NEW SOUND, the CHUGGING of
text: an OLD PLIVVER. ,
text: Thermhill looks off in the direction of the approach-
text: ing SOUND, sees a flivver nearing the highway from
text: the intersecting dirt road. When the car reaches
text: the. highway, it comes to a stop. A middle-aged
text: woman is behind the wheel. Her passenger is a
dialog: nondescript man of about fifty. He could certainly
text: be a farmer. He gets out of the car. It makes a
dialog: 8-25-58 P.96
text: U-turn and drives off in the direction from which it 115-115x1¢
text: came. Thornhill watches the man take up a position CONT'D
text: across the highway from him. The man glances at (2)
text: Thornhill without visible interest, then looks off
text: up the highway towards the east as though waiting
dialog: for something to come along.
text: Thormhil1 stares at the man, wondering if this is
dialog: George Kaplan.
text: The man looks idly across the highway at Thornhill,
text: his face expressionless.
text: Thornhill wipes his face with his handkerchief,
text: never taking his eyes off the man across the highway.
text: The FAINT SOUND of an APPROACHING PLANE has gradually
text: come up over the scene. As the SOUND GROWS LOUDER,
text: Thornhill locks up to his left and sees a low-flying
text: biplane approaching from the northwest. He watches
text: it with mounting interest as it heads straight for
text: the spot where he and the stranger face each other
text: across the highway. Suddenly it is upon them, only
text: a hundred feet above the ground, and then, like a
text: Giant bird, as Thornhill turns with the plane's
text: passage, it flies over them and continues on.
text: Thornhill stares after the plane, his back to the
dialog: highway. When the plane has Gone several hundred
text: yards beyond the highway, it loses altitude, levels
text: off only a few feet above the ground and begins to
text: fly back and forth in straight lines parallel to
text: She highway, letting loose a trail of powdered dust
text: from beneath its fuselage as it goes. Any farmer
dialog: would recognize the operation as simple crop-
text: dusting.
text: Thornhill leoks across the highway, sees that the
text: stranger is watching the plane with idle interest.
text: Thornhill's lips set with determination. He crosses
text: over and goes up to the man.
speaker_heading: . THORNEILL
dialog: Hot day. -
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Seen worse.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: ‘Are you...uh...by any chance
dialog: supposed to be meeting someone
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: MAN (still watching
dialog: the plane)
dialog: Waitin’ for the bus. Due any
dialog: minute.
dialog: — ore
dialog: 8-25-58 P.97
scene_heading: THORNEILL 115-115xx
dialog: Oh... CONT'D
dialog: - (3)
speaker_heading: MAN (idly)
dialog: Some of them crop-duster pilots
dialog: get rich, if they live long
dialog: enough...
speaker_heading: ' THORNHILL
dialog: Then your name isn't... Kaplan.
text: MAN (glances at him)
dialog: Can't say 1t is, ‘cause it
dialog: ain't.
text: (he looks off up the
dialog: highway)
dialog: Well - here she comes, right
dialog: on time. .
text: Thornhill looks off to the east, sees a Greyhound
text: bus approaching. The man peers off at the plane
text: again, and frowns.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That's funny.
speaker_heading: what THORNHILL
dialog: a
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That plane's dustin’ crops where
dialog: there ain't no crops.
text: Thornhill looks across at the droning plane with
text: growing suspicion as the stranger steps out onto
text: the highway and flags the bus to ea step. Thornhill
text: turns toward the stranger as though to say some-
text: thing to him. But it is too late. ‘The man has
text: boarded the bus, its doors are closing and it is
text: pulling away. Thornhill is alone again.
text: Almost immediately, he HEARS the PLANE ENGINE BEING
text: GUNNED TO A HIGHER SPEED. He glances off sharply,
text: sees the plane veering off its parallel course and
text: heading towards him. He stands there wide-eyed,
text: rooted to the spot. The plane roars on, a few
text: feet off the ground. There are two men in the twin
text: cockpits, goggled, unrecognizable, menacing. He
text: yells out to them, but his voice 1s lost in the
text: NOISE of the PLANE. In a moment it will be upon
text: him and decapitate him. Desperately he drops to
text: the ground and presses himself flat as the plane
text: zooms over him with a great noise, almost
text: combing his hair with a landing wheel.
dialog: 
dialog: ' flat and motionles
dialog: 8-25-58 P.98
text: Thornhill scrambles to his feet, sees the plane 125-115x00
text: ng and turning. He locks about wildly, sees CONT'D
text: a telephone pole and dashes for it as the plane (4)
text: comes at him again. He ducks behind the pole. ~ The
text: plane heads straight for him, veers to the right
text: at the last moment. We HEAR two sharp CRACKS of
text: GUNFIRE mixed with the SOUND of THE ENGINE, as
text: two bullets slam into the pole just above
text: Thornhill's head.
text: Thernhill reacts to this new peril, sees the plane.
text: banking for another run at him. A car is speeding
text: along the highway from the west. Thornhill dashes
text: out onte the read, tries to flag the car down but
text: the driver ignores him and races by, leaving him
text: exposed and vulnerable as the plane roars in on
text: him. He dives into a ditch and rolls away as
text: another series of SHOTS are HEARD and bullets rake
text: the ground that he has just occupied.
text: He gets to his feet, looks about, sees a cornfield
text: about fifty yards from the highway, glances up at
text: the plane making its turn, and decides to make a
text: dash for the cover of the tall-growing corn.
text: SHOOTING DOWN FROM A ‘HELICOPTER about one hundred
text: feet above the ground, we SEE Thornhill
text: towards the cornfield and. the plane in pursuit,
text: SHOCTING FROM WITHIN THE CORNFIELD, we SEE Thornhill
text: come crashing in, scuttling to the right and lying
text: S as we HEAR THE PLANE ZOOM OVER
text: KIM WITH A BURST OF GUNFIRE and bullets rip into
text: the corn, but at a safe distance from Thornh111.
text: He raises his head cautiously, gasping for breath,
text: as he HEARS THE PLANE MOVE OFF AND INTO ITS TURN,
text: SHOOTING DOWN FROM THE HELICOPTER, we SEE the plane
text: levelling off and starting a run over the corn-
text: field, which betrays no sign of the hidden Thorn-
text: hill. Skimming over the top of the cornstalks, the
text: Plane gives forth no burst of gunfire now. Instead,
text: it lets loose thick clouds of poisonous dust which
text: settle down into the corn.
text: WITEIN THE CORNFIELD, Thornhill, still lying flat,
text: begins to gasp and choke as the poisonous dust
text: envelops him. Tears stream from his eyes but he
text: does not dare move as he HEARS THE PLANE COMING
text: OVER THE FIELD AGAIN, When the plane zooms by and
text: another cloud of dust hits him, he Jumps to his
text: feet and crashes out into the open, half blinded
text: and gasping for breath. Far off down the highway
text: to the right, he SEES a huge Diesel gasoline-tanker
text: @pproaching. He starts running towards the highway
dialog: to intercept it.
dialog: ty
dialog: 8-25-58 P.99
text: SHOOTING FROM THE HELICOPTER, we SEE Thornhill 115-11520c
text: dashing for the highway, the plane levelling off CONT'D
text: for another run at him, and the Diesel tanker ~ (5)
text: speeding closer.
text: SHOOTING ACROSS THE HIGHWAY, we SEE Thornhill run-
text: ning end stumbling TOWARDS CAMERA, the plane closing
text: in behind him, and the Diesel tanker approaching
text: from the left. He dashes out into the middie of
text: the highway and waves his arms wildly.
text: The Diesel tanker THUNDERS down the highway towards
text: Thornhill, KLAXON BLASTING impatiently.
text: The plane speeds relentlessly towards Thornhill
text: from the field bordering the highway.” -
text: Thornhill stands alone and helpless in the middle
text: of the highway, waving his arms. The Plane draws
text: closer. The tanker is almest upon him, It isn't
text: going te stop. He can HEAR THE KLAXON BLASTING
text: him out of the way. There is nothing he can do.
text: The plane has caught up with him. ‘The tanker
text: ‘won't stop. It's got to step. He hurls himself
text: to the pavement directly in its path. There is a
text: SCREAM OF BRAKES and SKIDDING TIRES, THE ROAR OF
text: THE PLANE ENGINE and then a tremendous BOOM as the
text: Diesel truck grinds to a stop inches from Thorn-
text: hill's body just as the plane, hopelessly
text: committed and caught unprepared by the sudden
text: stop, slams into the travelling gasoline tanker
text: and plane and gasoline explode into a great sheet
dialog: of flame.
text: In the next few moments, all is confusion. Thorn=
text: hill, unhurt, rolls out from under the wheels of
text: the Diesel truck. The drivers clamber out of the
text: front seat and drop to the highway. Black clouds
text: of smoke billow up from the funeral pyre of the
text: Plane and its cremated occupants. We recognize
text: the flaming body of one of the men in the jane. It
text: is Licht, one or Thornhill's original abductors. ‘in
text: elderly open pick-up truck with e Second-hand
text: refrigerator standing in it, which has been approach-
text: ing from the east, Pulls up at the side of the road.
text: Its driver, a farmer, Jumps out and hurries toward
text: the wreckage.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: What happened? What
dialog: happened?
dialog: 8-25-58
text: The Diesel truck drivers are too dazed to answer.
text: Plames and smoke drive them all back. Thornhill,
text: unnoticed, heads toward the unoccupied pick-up
text: truck. Another car comes up from the west, stops,
text: and lts driver runs toward the other men. They
text: stare, transfixed, at the holocaust. Suddenly,
text: from behind them, they HEAR the PICK-UP TRUCK'S
text: MOTOR STARTING, The farmer who owns the truck
text: turns, and is startled to see his truck being
text: driven away by an utter stranger. .
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Heyi
text: He runs after the truck. But the stranger - who
dialog: is Thornhill = steps harder on the accelerator
text: and speeds off in the direction of Chicago.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MICHIGAN AVENUE, CHICAGO - (NIGHT).
text: The abandoned pick-up truck, with its ponely
text: refrigerator, stands incongruously parked among
text: some new and elegant cars. A patrolman has opened
text: the door and is peering inside.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR HOTEL AMBASSADOR EAST
text: A police squaa car is cruising slowly past the
dialog: entrances tothe Ambassador East and Ambassador
text: West, which face each other on opposite sides
text: of the street. Inside the car, two Police lieu-
text: tenants glance about, eyes searching the area.
text: CAMERA WHIPS to Thornhill, standing in an attitude
text: of concealment inside the doorway of a darkened
text: store as he watches the police car drive on. He
text: looks quite dishevelled, and his suit would not
text: pass muster at, say, Twenty One. Now he steps to
text: . the sidewalk and starts walking in the direction
dialog: of the Ambassador East.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE HOTEL AMBASSADOR EAST
text: Thornhill approaches the hotel and enters.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY HOTEL AMBASSADOR EAST
text: Thornhill crosses the lobby to the desk and waits
dialog: for a clerk to come over. -
speaker_heading: P.100
speaker_heading: 125-115xi¢
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (6)
speaker_heading: 115x411
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.101
text: CLERK (eyeing him with 118
dialog: . distaste) : CONT'D
dialog: Yes? - (2)
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Could you let me have Mr. George
dialog: Kaplan's room number, please? ~
speaker_heading: CLERK (thoughtfully)
dialog: _ Kaplan...
text: (as he starts to one side
dialog: to consult files:)
dialog: I think he checked out...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Checked out?
speaker_heading: CLERK (returns with a
dialog: file card)
dialog: That's right. Checked out at
dialog: seven-ten this morning.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Seven-ten? Are you sure?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Yes. Left a forwarding address
dialog: ~« Hotel Sheraton-Johnson, Rapid
dialog: City, South Dakota.
text: Thomhill has taken out the slip of paper on which
dialog: Eve had given him directions to meet Kaplan.
dialog: THORNHILL (talking half
dialog: to himself)
dialog: Seven-ten? Then how come I got &
dialog: message from him at nine-thir---?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Nothing, nothing.
text: His eyes narrow and his jaw tightens with realization.
text: He erumples the piece of paper into a ball and hurls it
text: away in anger. Just then he looks up and sees Eve,
text: who has come through the entrance to the lobby. She
text: does not see him as she goes directly to the news-
text: stand and buys an evening paper. Thornhill draws
text: pack, watches her unobserved as she glances
text: quickly at the front page while hurrying to a
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.102
text: waiting elevator. She steps in, the door closes 118
text: and the elevator starts up. Thornhill watches CONT'D
text: the floor indicator until the elevator stops. — (3)
text: Then he turns back to the clerk.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Sorry to bother you again.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Miss Eve Kendall is expecting
dialog: me. Room four-something-or-
dialog: other. I've forgotten the number.
dialog: Would you mind?
text: The clerk steps to one side, examines his listings,
text: then returns to Thornhill.
speaker_heading: CLERK :
dialog: She's in four-sixty-three. . .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Thanks. .
text: He hurries toward the elevator as the clerk looks
text: after him.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: HOTEL CORRIDOR - FOURTH FLOOR igo
text: Thornhill approaches the door to 463, looks up
dialog: and down the corridor if for no other reason
dialog: than to indicate to us that he has now become
text: suspicious, cautious and surreptitious in
text: matters pertaining to Eve. He puts an ear to
text: her door, listens, hears nothing. He presses
text: the buzzer and waits. Presently the door opens
text: and she sees him standing before her. Her
text: eyes widen. She is too stunned to say anything.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (pleasantly)
dialog: Hello.
text: He goes right past her into the room.
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.103
scene_heading: INT. EVE'S HOTEL ROOM 120
text: Eve tums, stares st Thornhill as she closes .
text: the door behind him. If his back were not to
dialog: her, he would see the mixed emotions on her
dialog: face = not just surprise, but overwhelming
dialog: relief, too. But relief is not something she
dialog: ean afford to reveal too strongly, because
dialog: that woule indicate that there was something
text: to Le relieved about. She is almost completely
text: controlled by the time Thornhill turns to
text: her, after a very brief moment in which his
text: darting glance has taken in the room, and the
text: open door tc the bathroom, and noticed nothing -
text: worthy of apprehension.
speaker_heading: : THORNHILL
dialog: Surprised?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yes.
text: She stares at him, still shaken.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: No getting rid of me, is
dialog: there? .
text: Suddenly Eve goes up to him, puts her arms around
text: hin, holds him close and presses her face to
dialog: his breast. Is it tenderness and relief, or
dialog: merely the need to hide from the double-edged
dialog: meaning of his last remark? Thornhill puts his
dialog: hends on her, but without ar ee He knows
text: he is on to something now, and he intends
dialog: play it cool, Occasionally his deep down anger
dialog: will make him say incautious things he oughtn't
dialog: to say if he intends: to disarm the girl = and
dialog: just as occasionally, he will be even warner
text: than he intended to be. He can't help liking
dialog: this female a little bit, even while would
dialog: like to slug her. It's because he remembers
dialog: last night. It's because, also, she happens
dialog: to be of the opposite sex.
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 6-27-58 P.10b
speaker_heading: THORNEILL 120
dialog: T need a drink. ‘ay
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: EVE :
dialog: T have some scotch.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
text: With water. No ice.
text: Eve disengages herself trom him and goes over to
text: a table where drinking things are set up. Thorne
text: hill takes the opportunity to saunter over to a
text: chair where the newspaper has been thrown. The
text: front-page story is Plainly visible:
scene_heading: TWO DIE AS CROF DUSTER PLANE CRASHES
text: Low-flying craft hits o41 tanker.
text: arivers escape holocaust.
text: During this, and while Eve is m drinks, they
dialog: are taukinas mixing ,
dialog: EVE (too casually)
dialog: How did it go today?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: The meeting with Kaplan?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: THORNAILL (just as casually)
dialog: He didn't show Up.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh?
text: THORNHILL (staring at
dialog: her back)
dialog: Funny, isn't it?
dialog: EVE (after e slight pause)
dialog: Why funny?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: After all those very involved
dialog: and very explicit directions he
dialog: gave you on the phone.
speaker_heading: EVE :
dialog: . Maybe I copied them dom wrong.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I don't think you got them wrong
dialog: I think you sent me to the right
dialog: Place all right..
dialog: 8-25-58 = P.105
text: He couldn't resist that one. Portunately for Eve, 120
text: her face is not turned to him, and she can always CONT'D
dialog: fumble with glasses and stirring rods, . (3)
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Why not call him again and see
dialog: what happened?
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: I did, He checked out, went to
dialog: South Dakota.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: South Dakota?
speaker_heading: THO!
dialog: Rapid City.
dialog: EVE (after a moment)
dialog: What are you going to do next?
scene_heading: THORNEILL .
dialog: I haven't made up my mind yet.
dialog: It may depend on you.
text: On this, Eve turns, with the drinks in her hands.
dialog: On me?
text: She walks up to him.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You're my little helper, aren't
dialog: you?
text: He takes a glass from her, all the while staring
text: into her eyes.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: To us.
text: (he touches his glass
dialog: to hers)
dialog: To a long and last friendship...
text: (he takes a sip
dialog: Meaning, from now on, I'm not going
dialog: to let you cut of my sight, sweetheart.
dialog: EVE {hiding in
dialog: her glass
dialog: I'm afraid you're going to have to,
dialog: Thornhill.
text: THORNHILL (shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: North By Nerthwest
dialog: Adds 8-26-58 P.106
dialog: . EVE (turning away) 120
dialog: I do have plans of my own, you . CONT'D
dialog: know = and you do have problems. (4)
text: Thornhill takes a long drag on his drink before
text: he speaks, and once again he engraves each word
text: on a Gillette Blue Blade.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Wouldn't it be nice if oy
dialog: problems and your plans were
dialog: somehow...connected?
dialog: (ner Quick glance finds his
text: face smiling softly, nay
dialog: lov: )
dialog: Then we could stay close to each
dialog: other from here on in and not have
text: to go off in separate directions.
dialog: Togetherness. Know what I mean?
text: Eve stares at him for a moment Saying nothing,
text: and is saved by the bell as the PHONE RINGS. She
text: glances at 1t, but makes no move to answer it.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Go ahead. It can't be for me,
text: She hesitates uncertainly. The PHONE RINGS AGAIN.
text: * He makes a move as though he will answer it.
text: Quickly Eve walks over to the night-table between
text: the beds and picks up the Phone, while Thornhill
text: sSaunters around the room just as though he were
text: not utterly alert and keenly interested in every
text: Monosyllable of her tightly-controlled conversation.
speaker_heading: EVE (to phone)
dialog: Eello?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: No, don't. I'm not dressed yet.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: What time?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: I'll meet you.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: What's the address?
text: (she takes up a pencil,
text: writes something down on a
text: memo pad as she listens.
dialog: Thornhill observes this out of
text: the corner of his glance)
dialog: All right.
dialog: (iistens)
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Goodbye.
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.107
text: She hangs up, tears off the page on which she hes 120
text: written something, walks over to her handbag on CONT'D
text: the Gresser and puts the slip of paper inside, - (5)
text: Me SEE a gun in her handbag.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Business? .
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Industrial designing business?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Mm hmmm.
text: He goes up behind her, puts his hands about her
dialog: waist. (The nice thing about this kind of cate
dialog: andemouse work is that you can enjoy yourself
dialog: while you're doing it, because it's part of the
text: game.) Eve is disturbed by the nearness of him,
text: and his hands on her.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: All work and'no play. Girl like
dialog: you should be enjoying herself
dialog: tonight instead of taking phone calls
dialog: from clients. How about dinner with
dialog: me just for openers?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You can't afford to be seen anywhere. -
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: What's wrong with up here? Our own
dialog: little Pump Room for two.
text: Eve pulls out of his grasp, moves away from hin.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No...1...I can't.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (easily)
dialog: I insist. :
text: Eve is in a spot. She gets control of herself be-
text: fore she tums to him. But a little desperation
text: Goes creep through in her voice.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I want you to do me a favor,
dialog: Thornhill - a big, big favor.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Name it.
dialog: 
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.108
speaker_heading: EVE 120
dialog: I want you to leave, right now. CONT'D
dialog: Stay far away from me and don't (4)
dialog: come near me again. We're no: .
dialog: going to get involved, Last night
dialog: was last night and that's all there
dialog: was, that's all there is, there
dialog: isn't going to be anything nore a
dialog: between us. So please - goodbye
dialog: good luck, no conversation. Jus¢
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (utterly
dialog: unperturbed )
dialog: Right away?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: No questions asked?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yes.
text: Thornhill looks at her.a moment. She wants to
dialog: get rid of him. She's Zot to get rid of nim.
text: That's for sure. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Unh-uh. .
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: 4tter dinner,
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (firmly)
dialog: after dinner. Fair is fair.
text: Eve's lips tighten, but she is careful not to betray
text: the urgency of her situation. The wheels go round
text: for a moment as she looks at him. Then, she makes
text: &@ decision, softens her expression, and smiles.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: All right. On one condition.
text: (she goes up to him, touches
text: his rumpled, dirty suit)
dialog: You've got to let the hotel valet
dialog: ge Someth with that suit first,
dialog: ou belong e stockvards looking
dialog: like that.
dialog: 8-26-58 P.109
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (shrugs) 120
dialog: I'm very large with pigs this CONT'D
dialog: year. - (7)
speaker_heading: EVE (pointing)
dialog: There's the phone.
text: She turns to the mirror and starts to fix her hair.
text: Thornhill goes over to the bed, sits down and puts
text: his hand on the phone but doesn't Pick it up. He
text: is thinking fast. WitH a cautious Glance over
text: his shoulder, he slides his hand to the memo
text: pad beside the phone and tilts it slightly. He
text: sees something there on the pad but we do not
text: see what it 1s. Now he picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to phone)
dialog: Valet service please...Valet?
dialog: ‘This is...uh,..
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EVE
text: Four sixty-three.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to phene)
dialog: This is room four sixty-three. How
dialog: long would it take to get a suit
dialog: sponged and pressed real fast?...
dialog: Twenty minutes? Pine... Four sixty-
dialog: three: )
text: he hangs up
dialog: He'll be right up.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Better take your things off.
scene_heading: ner) THORNHILL (going up to
dialog: er).
dialog: What am I going to do with mw?
dialog: clothes off for twenty minutes?
dialog: (an afterthought, as he
text: gazes at her reflection in
dialog: the mirror)
dialog: Couldn't he take an hour?
dialog: EVE (turns, practically
dialog: in his arms)
dialog: You could always take a cold
dialog: shower.
text: She starts to help him off with his Jacket as he
text: takes his things out of his pockets and places them
text: on the dresser. Both of them are Playing it just
scene_heading: 8-26-58 P.110
text: as though they were up to nothing but good, clean, 120
dialog: healthy love-play. >
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: When I was a little boy, I never
dialog: even let my mother undress me.
dialog: EVE (peeling off the
dialog: jacket)
dialog: Well, you're a big boy now.
text: She tosses the Jacket on the bed, turns back to
text: him, puts her hands on his belt buckle, starts
text: to unfasten it. He takes her hands in his.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: How did a girl like you ever
dialog: get to be a girl like you?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Lucky, I guess.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Not lucky - wicked...naughty....
dialog: up to no good....Ever kill anyone?
dialog: (instantly Eve's expression
dialog: changes. He has gone too
dialog: Gangerousiy far: quickly he
dialog: takes the curse off the remark)
dialog: Bet you could tease a man to death
text: without even trying.
dialog: jhe pats her cheek)
dialog: So stop trying, hn?
text: He starts toward the bathroom, undoing the belt
text: buckle himself as he goes. The DOOR BUZZER SOUNDS.
text: Eve goes to the door, opens it, lets the valet in.
dialog: EVE (to the valet)
dialog: Be righk with you.
dialog: Tshe goes to the half
dialog: open tathroom door)
dialog: Trousers, please,
text: Thornhill's hand comes out with the trousers,
text: Eve takes them, picks up the jacket on the bed,
text: gives the suit to the valet and cleses the door .
text: behind him. From the bathroon she HEARS THORNHILL'S
text: VOICE calling out to her:
speaker_heading: THORNHILL'S VOICE
dialog: Think I'll take that cold shower
dialog: after all.
dialog: 8-26-58
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Good.
text: Next she HEARS THE SHOWER BEING TURNED ON, then
text: THO 'S VOICE raised in a loud, shower-stall
text: Pendition of "The Night They Invented Champagne."
text: Immediately, and with urgent haste, Eve prepares
text: to leave. "She goes to the closet, Gets the Jacket
text: of her suit, puts it on. Then from a dresser
text: drawer she takes some Papers and stuffs then into
text: her handbag, darting occasional glances toward
text: Her glance falis on Thornhili's belongings, which
text: he had removed from his pockets. A Chosen ving
text: matchbook. Eve's hand sets the matches aside,
text: picks up the torn newspaper photograph, holds
dialog: it long enough for quick study and puts 4% down
text: again. In a WIDER ANGLE she turns, and, with
text: a@ final glance around, starts out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Thornhill is not in the shower after all, In
text: shirt, tie, shorts, socks and shoes, he has been
text: Standing at the crack in the door peering out at
text: Eve's furtive activities while Singing lustily,
text: the shower spraying away busily behing him. Now
text: he HEARS the OUTER DOOR CLOSE as Eve makes her
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ THORNHILL
text: . AS he opens the bathroom door wider, steps out
text: into the room. It 4s clear from his expression
text: that he has not really been duped, but rather has
dialog: been ahead of this little game all along. He gees
text: to the night-table, Picks up the memo pad on
dialog: which Eve had made &@ notation and removed the top
text: sheet. He picks Up @ pened] and in a SER
dialog: ANGLE we SEE him trace in the indentation lert
text: by Eve's pencil. T+ reads: "1212 N, MICHIGAN."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
dialog: P.112
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (9)
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: i
scene_heading: EXT. MICHIGAN AVE., CHICAGO = (NIGHT)
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Ches. 10-27-58 P.112
speaker_heading: 122x1
text: A taxi pulls up and Thornhill steps out. (Ris .
text: suit is in fine shape now.) He glances about,
text: sees that he has the right address, and moves
text: across the sidewalk,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - EXT, SHAW & OPPENHEIM GALLERIZS 123
text: The lighted windoy ef a rather elegant art gallery.
text: A sign in the window announces:
text: "AUCTION TONIGHT ~ 8:00 PM.
scene_heading: FURNITURE AND OBJETS D'ART FROM
scene_heading: THE COLLECTION oF DR. ORLANDO MENDOZA"
text: Over the door, the buileing number: "1212," Thorn= —
text: hill frowns, Puzzled, takes out the slip of paper,
text: looks up at the number again, then decides to go
dialog: inside,
scene_heading: INT. SHAW & OPPENHEIM GALLERIES
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Thank you, sir, Four
dialog: 124
text: CLOSE SHOT - Vandamn's fingers
text: hundred fifty dollars gently noving over the soft
text: is bid for the pair, flesh of Eve's neck, CAMERA
dialog: can I hear five
dialog: hundred, will you say
dialog: five hundred, can I
dialog: say the five hundred,
dialog: fair warning and last
dialog: call -- sold to ur,
dialog: Stone second row,
dialog: dangling.
text: On the stage the chairs
text: DRAWS BACK to include Eve seated,
text: Vandann Standing behind her
dialog: and Leonard beyond then Seated
text: ona low table, his legs
dialog: at th
text: the room is a raised platfora
text: on which an AUCTIONEER and his
text: ASSISTANT, with the aid of
dialog: portable microphones, are
dialog: e far end of
text: are removed as lot 103, an going about the business of
text: Aubusson settee is brought unloading verious objets d'art.
text: Onto the stage.
dialog: Elderly men
dialog: dn black dust-
text: jackets pass the items from the
text: wings onto the stage, one piece
dialog: at a time,
dialog: where each object
text: is then auctioned off at the
text: leisurely pace which distinguishes
dialog: the sale of 19th Century French
dialog: paintings from the sale of 20th
dialog: Century American tobacco. Most
dialog: of the hundred-odd spectators
dialog: at the auct
dialog: folding ch
text: ‘don are seated on
text: airs in the center
text: of the room, Moving along the
speaker_heading: TSORNSIBE
dialog: ZT can rent a car, .
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No car. Mr, Kaplan said bus,
dialog: He wants to be sure you're alone,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL "
dialog: All right. What do T do when I
dialog: get there?
speaker_heading: EVE
text: Just stand beside the road and
dialog: wait. He'll be there at three-thirty,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: How will I know him?
speaker_heading: EVE :
dialog: Ee'll kmow you. You made the
dialog: Chicago Papers too,
speaker_heading: TEORNEILL
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: ‘EVE
dialog: Have you got your watch set to
dialog: Central .time?
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (looking at her)
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Matter?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You. You seem... I don't know...
dialog: tense. .
dialog: EVE (turns away)
dialog: You better go. Before the police
text: Tun out of Redcaps.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: We'll see each other again, won't
dialog: we? .
speaker_heading: EVE (strained)
dialog: Sometime... I'm sure...
scene_heading: THORNHILL (with tenderness)
dialog: I never found a moment to thank you
dialog: properly.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: (continued)
dialog: the three hundred,
dialog: say three hundred,
dialog: three hundred is bid,
dialog: thank you, do I hear
dialog: three -hundrea and
dialog: fifty? Three hundred
dialog: and fifty, may I have
dialog: three hundred and
dialog: fifty, three hundred,
dialog: three hundred twice,
dialog: third and last call
dialog: do I hear three -
dialog: hundred and fifty?
dialog: Sold! Mr. Echart
dialog: three hundred,
text: The barometer is removed
dialog: and dot 105 4s brought
dialog: .
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Now, Ladies and
dialog: Gentlemen - Number 105,
dialog: an excellent example
dialog: of Pre-Columbian art.
dialog: It dates from about
dialog: 1000 A.D, A Tarascan
dialog: Warrior from the State
dialog: of Kolemia, in Mexico.
dialog: May I hear a starting
dialog: bid worthy of this
dialog: fine art piece? ‘ho
dialog: will say one thousand
dialog: dollars to start?
dialog: The gentleman here
dialog: Suggests five hundred,
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Ches. 10-27-58
speaker_heading: ‘THORNHILL (bitterly
dialog: at Eve)
dialog: I was just going to say
dialog: that to her,
text: Eve stares straight ahead.
text: Vandamm gazes off at the
dialog: auctioneer. .
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: VANDAMM ,
dialog: I've always understood
dialog: you to be a pretty shrewd
dialog: fellow at your job. What
dialog: Possessed you to come
dialog: blundering in here like
dialog: this? Could it be an
dialog: ore ppower ing interest in
dialog: ar -
speaker_heading: THORNHILL *
dialog: Yes. The art of survival.
text: (a quick shaft at
dialog: * Leonard) 3
dialog: Poured any good drunks
dialog: lately?. -
dialog: EVE (in a hollow
dialog: voice, to Vandarm)
dialog: He followed me here fron
dialog: the hotel.
speaker_heading: LEONARD (to Eve)
dialog: He was 4n your room?
text: She nods. Vandamm reacts with
dialog: displeasure,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (with
dialog: contempt)
dialog: Sure. Isn't everybody?
text: At this time, the AUCTIONEER'S
dialog: VOICE is HEARD announcing
dialog: Item Number 105. He proceeds
dialog: to describe it. It 4s a pre-
text: Columbian figure of a Tarascan
dialog: Warrior from the State of
dialog: Kolemia, Mexico, approximate
dialog: date, 1000 A.D.’ During this,
text: an attendant has been walking
dialog: about showing the figure to
text: the spectators. Leonard taps
dialog: the monentarily distracted
text: Vandamm on the shoulder and
text: points to the figure. Vandamn
text: glances at it quickly, looks
dialog: up at Leonard and says:
dialog: Polly
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: Q)
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: (continued)
dialog: All right, that's a
dialog: start. Now say one
dialog: thousand. I have five
dialog: hundred dollars, may
dialog: I say-the thousand.
dialog: Seven-hundred and
dialog: fifty-is offered.
dialog: Thank you, now say
dialog: the thousand. One
dialog: thousand is bid, make
dialog: it twelve hundred and
dialog: fifty. Eleven hundred
dialog: you say? All right I
dialog: have eleven hundred
dialog: bid, make it twelve
dialog: hundred - twelve
dialog: hundred dollars there.
dialog: Now thirteen is here,
dialog: fourteen hundred is
speaker_heading: - AUCTIONEER (o.8.)
dialog: Fifteen hundred I'n
dialog: bid, who'll say
dialog: seventeen fifty -
dialog: do I hear seventeen
dialog: fifty?
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER (o.s.)
text: Seventeen fifty is bid.
dialog: Say two thousand --
dialog: two thousand anyone -
dialog: do I hear two thousand
dialog: -= seventeen fifty is
dialog: bid. Seventeen fifty,
dialog: are you all through at
dialog: seventeen fifty --
dialog: Sold then to Hr.
dialog: Vandamm at seventeen
dialog: titty.
text: The Tarascan piece is
dialog: removed and lot 106, the
dialog: Louis XV Curio Cabinet
text: is brought in.
dialog: North By Northwest :
scene_heading: Ches. 10-27-58 P15
speaker_heading: VANDAMM 124
dialog: Yes. . CONT'D
dialog: (4)
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to
dialog: Vandamm) .
dialog: I didn't realize you were
dialog: an art collector.
dialog: thought you just..collected
dialog: corpses. :
text: The bidding has started.
speaker_heading: VANDAMH (to
dialog: Leonard, quietly)
dialog: Fifteen hundred. .-
text: Leonard makes a silent signal
text: to the auctioneer.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (leoking
dialog: down at Eve)
dialog: I'll bet you paid plenty:
dialog: for this little piece of
dialog: en-sculpture<--
speaker_heading: VANDAMH (to Leonard)
dialog: Seventeen fifty.
text: Eve is visibly suffering.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (continuing)
dialog: She's worth every dollar,
dialog: take it from me. She
dialog: really puts her heart
dialog: into her work. In fact
text: her whole body.
dialog: {a quick glance at
dialog: Leonard)
dialog: And where’ does he keep
dialog: Zou - in a curio cabinet?
text: Thornhill reacts to the Auction-
dialog: eer's mention of Vandamn's
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (hearing
dialog: the name)
dialog: Vandamm, huh?
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Number 106 -- for your
dialog: pleasure is this Louis
dialog: XV Curio Cabinet of
dialog: gold and bronze dore
dialog: with Vernis Martin
dialog: figured decorations
dialog: and landscape painting.
dialog: Who will say five
dialog: hundred dollars to
dialog: start the bidding, five
dialog: hundred dollars for it.
dialog: Five hundred dollars.
dialog: for 4t. All right I'l
dialog: accept your start of
dialog: “ two hundred dollars,
dialog: two hundred is bid, go
dialog: three, two fifty I have,
dialog: say three, two fifty I
dialog: have say three hundred,
dialog: three hundred now go
dialog: four, three go four,
dialog: three go four, three
dialog: go four, three twenty-
dialog: five is bid say fifty,
dialog: three fifty I have, say
dialog: ‘four, three hundred and
dialog: fifty go four hundred,
dialog: three hundred and fifty
dialog: say three seventy-five,
dialog: three hundred fifty say
dialog: seventy-five. Don't
dialog: lese it for twenty-five
dialog: dollars; Thank you
dialog: three hundred and seven-
dialog: ty-five is bid. I have
dialog: three hundred and
dialog: seventy-five dollars go
dialog: the four hundred. Three
dialog: seventy-five go four.
dialog: Four hundred dollars is
dialog: bid. Say four hundred
dialog: and twenty-five. Four
dialog: hundred twenty five
dialog: once, four hundred
dialog: twenty-five twice,
dialog: ast call at four
dialog: hundred twenty-five,
dialog: Sold to the lady in
dialog: the fourth row for
dialog: four hundred dollars.
dialog: The Louis XV cabinet is re-
dialog: moved and lot #107 is
dialog: ‘brought in.
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: hes. 10-27-58 P.116
dialog: VANDAMA (turns to © 126
speaker_heading: Thornhill) cONT 'D
dialog: Has anyone ever told you (5)
dialog: that you overplay your
dialog: various roles rather severely,
dialog: Mr. Kaplan? First you're
dialog: the outraged Madison Avenue
dialog: man who claims he has been
text: mistaken for someone else.
dialog: Then you play a fugitive
dialog: from justice, supposedly
dialog: trying to clear his name
dialog: of a crime he knows he
dialog: didn't commit. And now,
dialog: you play the peevish
dialog: lover, stung by jealousy
dialog: and betrayal.
dialog: (a chilly smile)
dialog: Seems to me you fellows
dialog: could stand a little less
dialog: training from the F.8.I.
dialog: and a little more from the
dialog: Actors' Studito.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Apparently the only per-
dialog: formance that's going to
dialog: satisfy you is when I
dialog: play dead,
speaker_heading: VANDAMM (gently)
dialog: Your very next role,
dialog: You will be quite con-
dialog: vincing, I assure you,
dialog: Leonard has already stared
dialog: out of the room te arrange
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (watching
dialog: him go)
dialog: I wonder what subtle forn
text: of manslaughter is next
dialog: on the program. An I
dialog: going to be dropped into
text: a vat of miten steel
dialog: and become pert of some
dialog: new skyscraper?
dialog: (looking at Eve)
dialog: Or are you going to ask
dialog: this.,,female to kiss me
dialog: again and poison me to
dialog: death?
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: And new ladies and
dialog: gentleman we offer
dialog: catalogue number 107 -
dialog: this rare Marcolini
dialog: Meissen compote,
dialog: acquired by Dr, Mendoza
dialog: from the estate of the
dialog: Comtesse de Chivre.
dialog: How much to start the
dialog: bidding on this
dialog: collector's porcelain?
dialog: Five hundred, madam?
dialog: That's an extremely
dialog: low start and should
dialog: prompt spirited bid-
dialog: ding. Six? Six
dialog: - hundred I have, now
dialog: the seven, sever
dialog: hundred I have thank
dialog: you say eight. May
dialog: I direct your
dialog: attention to the mag-
dialog: nificent repousse
dialog: flowers on this out-
dialog: standing example.
dialog: Eight hundred dollars
dialog: there nine hunéred in
dialog: . the front. One thousand
text: is bid on the far side.
dialog: Eleven hundred dollars
dialog: is here now, say the
dialog: twelve, twelve hundéred
dialog: doliars there. Twelve
dialog: hundred is bid say
dialog: thirteen hundred nay
dialog: I_hear thirteen hundred
dialog: please, fair selling
dialog: at twelve hundred, do
dialog: I hear thirteen
dialog: hundred. Last call,
dialog: sold twelve hundred
dialog: dollars. Thank you.
dialog: The Marcolini Meissen Com-
dialog: pote is removed and lot
dialog: 108, the Vienna Plates,
text: is displayed.
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Number 108 - we offer
dialog: you now tweive Royal
dialog: Vienna Plates, mag-
dialog: nificently hand-
dialog: decorated with por-
dialog: traits of Court
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: 10-27-58
dialog: Chges,
text: Eve gets to her feet, turns
text: and slaps him in the face.
text: He grabs her wrists and they
text: stare at each other for a
dialog: moment. -
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (with
dialog: contempt)
dialog: Who are you kidding? You’
dialog: Rave no feelings to hurt.
text: He firmly presses her back
text: down into her seat. During
text: this, a man in the audience
text: nearby is half turned, as
dialog: though he has been observing
dialog: the entire altercation. zy
dialog: 4s the Professor of the C.l.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM (angrily)
dialog: Mr. Kaplan --
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (turning
dialog: on him)
dialog: Look, Vandamm, I don't
dialog: know why you want me dead,
dialog: but this I --
speaker_heading: VANDAM! (interrupting)
dialog: -+ We've had just about
dialog: enough of you..
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Then why don't you call
dialog: the police? No - that's
dialog: the last thing you want -
dialog: me in the hands of the
dialog: porice . There's something
dialog: might tell then, huh?
dialog: That's why you had this
dialog: one here hustle me on the
dialog: train last night, like
dialog: the good little in
dialog: designer that she is.
dialog: Well, something telis me
dialog: I've got a much better
dialog: chance of survival if T
dialog: © to the police. And
dialog: the nere fact that you
dialog: don't want me to is enough
dialog: for me.
dialog: (to Eve)
dialog: Goodnight, sweetheart.
dialog: Don't think it hasn't been
dialog: nice.
dialog: dustrial
speaker_heading: P17
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (6)
dialog: a“
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: (continued)
dialog: beauties. How much
dialog: a piece and take the
dialog: lot. Thirty a piece
dialog: is bid all over the
dialog: house. Thirty-five,
dialog: say forty, forty go
dialog: forty-five, forty-
dialog: five I have go fifty
dialog: - fifty go five
dialog: fifty go five, firty
dialog: is here say fifty-
dialog: five, fifty dollars
dialog: a piece say fiftyr
dialog: five, anymore, Sir?
dialog: Sold then for fifty
dialog: dollars a piece.
text: The plates are taken out
dialog: as a painting is brought
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Catalogue number 109.
dialog: A superb example of
dialog: thia early 19th Cen-’
dialog: <ury master, it will
dialog: enhance any collection
dialog: of fine art. What is
dialog: your. pleasure? How
dialog: much to start? One
dialog: thousand is bid,
dialog: twelve-fifty I have,
dialog: fifteen hundred,
text: fifteen hundred is .
dialog: bid, say seventeen
dialog: fifty, I have seven-
dialog: teen-fifty, two
dialog: thousand is bid --
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-27-58 P,1174
text: He walks away from them and- 124
text: goes toward the entrance in CONT'D
text: the rear. But he doesn't (6A)
text: get very far before he stops.
text: Standing inside the doorway
text: waiting for him is Valerian
dialog: the U.N. assassin, Thornhill
text: turns, looks about, and SEES,
text: down the aisle, the steps to
text: the auctioneer's stage where
text: men are bringing on a piece of
dialog: furniture for auction, He
text: starts down the aisle with
dialog: the intention of making his
text: way out through the back,
text: Then he slows down as he
text: SEES Leonard stepping out of
text: the "wings" of the stage.
text: Leonard looks at him steadily,
dialog: and then withdraws signif-
text: ieantly. Thornhill looks
text: about him with desperation,
text: then quickly slips into a
dialog: nearby seat among the
dialog: spectators, At this moment,
text: Vandamm and Eve depart.
text: Thornhill turns his attention
dialog: to the platform, wiere the
text: auctioneer has a painting on
dialog: the block,
dialog: (NOTE: Pick up dialogue in script.)
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: I have two thousand. Do I hear
dialog: twenty-five? .,. Twenty-five hundred
dialog: please Bt Twenty-two-fifty. Thank
dialog: you.
dialog: I hear twenty-five? wes.
dialog: Twenty-two-fifty once. Twenty-twor)
dialog: fifty twice. Last call...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (shouts)
dialog: Fifteen hundred!
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 10-27-58
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER (startled)
dialog: The bid is already up to twenty-
dialog: two-fifty, sir,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: T still say fifteen hundred!
text: Heads turn toward him angrily. But Thornhill is _
text: concerned only about escaping the fate Valerian
dialog: and Leonard have reserved for him.
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER (recovering)
dialog: I have twenty-two-fifty. Do I hear
dialog: twenty-five hundred?....Twenty-
dialog: two-fifty once, Twenty-two-fifty
dialog: twicescee
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Twelve hundred!
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER’ (quickly)
dialog: Sold for twenty-two-fifty. And
dialog: Row ~=
speaker_heading: P.1178
dialog: 224
speaker_heading: CONT'D
speaker_heading: (6B)
dialog: 8-27-58 = P.118
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (loudly) 126
dialog: Twenty-two-fifty for that chromo? CONT'D
dialog: (7)
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER (ignoring
dialog: him)
dialog: w- Number one hundred sixteen in
dialog: the catalogue...
dialog: -(as attendants bring out
dialog: a chaise longue)
dialog: "A Louis XIV carved and painted
dialog: lit de os." Kindly observe the
dialog: moulded’ » the carved, freee
text: standing columns at each corner and
text: the fluted, tapering legs. Will
dialog: somebody start the bidding at seven-
dialog: hundred-and-fifty dollars please?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: How do we know it's not a fake?
dialog: It looks like a fake!
text: An elderly woman seated directly in front of
dialog: Thornhill
text: turns and glares at him.
speaker_heading: . WOMAN
dialog: Qne thing we know: sours no fake.
dialog: You're a genuine idiot.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER :
dialog: I wonder if I could respectfully
dialog: ask the gentleman to get into
dialog: ime spirit of the proceedings
dialog: ere.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: All right. I'll start it at
dialog: eight.
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: ‘Eight hundred dollars. Thank
dialog: you. Nine hundred...One. thousand
dialog: I have. do twelve.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Eleven!
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Eleven is bid. Go twelve. Who'll
dialog: ‘say twelve? Eleven once. Who'll
dialog: say twelve? Eleven twice. Twelve.
dialog: Thank you. Twelve is bid. I have
dialog: twelve. Go thirteen. Who'll say
dialog: thirteen?
dialog: 8-27-58 P.119
speaker_heading: THORNHILL 124
dialog: Thirteen dollars! >
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: You mean thirteen hundred, sir?
dialog: I there doll which
dialog: mean een dollars ic
dialog: is more than it's worth!
dialog: The auctioneer will continue his work, but his
text: assistant will now reach for the phone on his desk
dialog: and make a hurried call, which will not go une
text: noticed by Thornhill.
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Twelve hundred I have. Go thirteen.
dialog: _Who'll say thirteen? Twelve-fifty?
dialog: Twelve hundred once. ‘Twelve hundred
dialog: twice. Last call. Twelve hundred. .
speaker_heading: . THORNEILL
dialog: Two thousand!
text: AUCTIONEER (a little stumned)
dialog: Two thousand?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Twenty-oneehundred!
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, but we can't --
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Make it twenty-five hundred!
text: By this time an angry mocmur is rising from the
text: spectators. Someone shouts: "Ask him to leave!”
text: A wmifermed male ATTENDANT is moving down the
text: aisle toward Thornhill. Valerian and Leonard,
text: in their separate positions, are glancing about
text: uncertainly.
speaker_heading: * AUCTIONEER
dialog: Would the gentleman please
dialog: cooperate?
scene_heading: ASSISTANT AUCTIONEER
dialog: trying to restore order)
dialog: The last bid was twelve-hundred.
speaker_heading: | THORNAILL
dialog: Twenty-five hundred! My money
dialog: is as good as anybody's!
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 924-58 F.120
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER 124
dialog: 1 have twelve hundred once... CONT'D
dialog: twelve hundred twice... (9)
scene_heading: THORNHILL .
dialog: Three thousand!
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Last call. Sold for twelve
dialog: hundred.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (leaping to
dialog: his feet)
dialog: You're not going to get away with
dialog: shis!
text: By this time the unifcrmed attendant has reached
text: Thornhill's rew of seats, pushed into the row and
text: grabbed him by the arm.
speaker_heading: TEORNHILL
dialog: Let go of me! Get your hands
dialog: off me or I'll sue!
text: Now the place is really in an uproar. Spectators
text: push Thornhill into the aisle. Ee grapples with
text: the attendant eas women ‘cry out in alarm. Two
text: police efficers come running in through the
text: entrance. Thornhill notices this with a pleased
text: expression, hauls back and lets the attendant
text: have a good one on the jaw. The man goes reele-
text: ing back into the crowd, bounces back and lets
text: fly a swing at Thornhill, who ducks, moves in and
text: wrestles him to the floor. During this, just after
dialog: the police arrive, the Professor UD ans
text: guickly walks out. Tne police now reacn tne
dialog: eertart seize Th
text: hormhill and pull him to his feet.
speaker_heading: FIRST OFFICER
dialog: All right now...
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: What took you so long?
speaker_heading: SECOND OFFICER (pulling
dialog: hin toward the door)
dialog: Let's take a little walk...
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Wait a minute...
speaker_heading: SECOND OFFICER
dialog: Get moving.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: ZI haven't finished bidding yet...
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: 
scene_heading: Ches. 9-11-58 = Plisd
speaker_heading: . FIRST OFFICER (dragging iu
dialog: ' ~ him along) CONT'D
dialog: yo Yeah, yeah. - (10)
dialog: '
scene_heading: . THORNHILL (struggling)
dialog: ry Three thousand! It's ming for
dialog: three thousand!
text: Nearing the entrance they approach Valerian, stand.
dialog: ' iag there completely frustrated. Thornhill flashes
text: Qn epclogetic smile as he is dragged by.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: ; Sorry, old man, But keep trying.
text: ' Valerian watches without expression as Thornhill
text: , is escorted Safely past him,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
speaker_heading: 124x2
text: ' Thornhill and the two policemen continue through
text: the lobby. Behind them is a telephone booth. We
text: ' SEE the Professor Standing beside it watching
dialog: : Thor being taken out, After they have Passed
text: him, the Professor Sldnces after them briefly, then
text: “~ goes into the booth and closes the door, .
scene_heading: ‘ EXT. SHAW & OPPENEEIM GALLERIES 125
text: : The police emerge from the building with Thornhill
text: ' and hurry him toward a patrol car parked at the curb,
speaker_heading: } , THORNEILL
dialog: 1 Randle with care, fellahs..,
dialog: '
scene_heading: FIRST OFFICER (opening rear door)
dialog: ' In there,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: \ eool'm valuable property,
speaker_heading: , FIRST OFFICER
dialog: in.
text: He pushes Thornhill into the car.
scene_heading: , INT. PATROL CAR 126
text: ’ Thornhill lands on the rear seat and the first officer
text: P Joins him, while the other cop gets behind the wheel.
scene_heading: “~~ THORNEILL
dialog: T want to thanie you boys for Saving my life -.
scene_heading: 8-27-58 P1202
speaker_heading: PIRST OFFICER (grurriy) 126
dialog: Save it for the station-house. a
dialog: 2
text: The car starts away. . -
scene_heading: THORNHILL (buoyantly)
dialog: Come on. Let's see some smiles
dialog: and good cheer. You're about to
dialog: become herces. Know whe I am?
speaker_heading: FIRST OFFICER (disinterested)
dialog: We'll find out as soon as we book ya
dialog: for bein' drunk and disorderly.
scene_heading: THORNHILL .
dialog: Drunk and disorderly? That's
dialog: chicken feed. You've hit the
dialog: Jackpot, Sergeant. . an '
dialog: as the Sergeant gives
dialog: him a bored look)
dialog: "Chicago police capture United
dialog: Nations slayer. ®
text: Row the look is net so bored. Thornhili hands
dialog: batt-believing- sergeant) his wallet: saying:
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Roger Thornhill is the name. Take
dialog: me to your leader.
text: While the sergeant is quickly looking over
dialog: Thernhill's identification cards, the officer
text: behind the wheel icks up a Newspaper, glances
text: at it, turns back to loci at Thornhill and
speaker_heading: SECOND OFFICER
dialog: It's him} .
text: In the back Seat, the sergeant leans forward,
text: stares off screen at the paper, then turns
text: and looks at Thornhill.
speaker_heading: TRORNAILL
dialog: Congratulations, men.
speaker_heading: FIRST OFFICER (awed)
dialog: Yeah.... .
text: The man behind the wheel has taken up the tele-
text: Teceiver on the dashboard and Put ina
text: call to headquarters. (THE PHONE IS SIMILAR TO
text: HOUSEHOLD INSTRUMENTS. WE CAN EAR ONLY ONE
text: END OF THE CONVERSATION. ) During this, Thornhill
text: Sits back, with smug expression.
dialog: 8-27-58 =P. 123
scene_heading: SECOND OFFICER (to phone) 126
dialog: This is one oh five five. Sergeant CONT'D
dialog: Flamm. We got a man here answering - (3
text: to the description of Thornhill, Roger.
dialog: Code seventy six. Wanted by NYPD.
dialog: Positive I.D,
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Absolutely. No question.
dialog: (listens)
text: Michigan Avenue. Proceeding west
dialog: to forty-second precinct.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: What? -
dialog: (Listens)
dialog: Come again?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Ya sure?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: * (1astens}
dialog: Right.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Yeah. I got it.
dialog: (Listens)
dialog: One oh five five off end Clear,
text: He hangs up, makes a swift U-turn and speeds off
text: in the opposite direction,
speaker_heading: FIRST OFFICER (startled)
dialog: Where we goin'?
scene_heading: SECOND OFFICER (dejected)
dialog: The airport.
speaker_heading: . FIRST OFFICER
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: SECOND OFFICER (disgusted)
dialog: Orders.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Just a second here. I'm not going
dialog: to any airport. I want to be taken
dialog: to police headquarters.
speaker_heading: SECOND OFFICER
dialog: Ya do, huh?
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. = 1O-14=58 p.12h
scene_heading: THORNEILL (leans forward) 126
dialog: Why do you think I sent for you cont 'D
dialog: fellows? . &
speaker_heading: sv ajess EDS STE,
dialog: w about this guy ley? He
dialog: sent for us. ,
speaker_heading: FIRST OFFICER (
dialog: Thornhill back) maine
dialog: Sit back.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Did you hear what I said? I
dialog: want to be taken to police
dialog: headquarters! I'm a dangerous
dialog: ' @$Sassin! I'ma mad er on
dialog: the loose!
scene_heading: . SECOND OFFICER
dialog: You oughta be ashamed of yoursels,
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO: *
scene_heading: EXT. MIDWAY AIRPORT, CEICAGO - NIGHT 127
text: The police car prlis Up; stops. The two police
text: get out. Thornhill gets out. They walk him
text: into the terminal. in the background, the SOUND
text: OF PLANES TAKING OFF,
scene_heading: INT. NORTHWEST AIRLINES TERMTNAL 127xL
text: They enter, and the police escort Thornhill to
dialog: the Information Counter.
scene_heading: . SECOND OFFICER
dialog: They said right here.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (grumbling)
dialog: Does anybody mind if T sit down?
dialog: i've been ruming all day.
text: Just then, the police see a mn Pushing through
text: the door towards then. It is the Professor. He
text: is breathless as he goes up to the Information
text: Desk, giving Thornhill and the police a quickie
text: glance as he goes. We SEE the Professor lean
text: over the desk and moraur something to the clerk,
text: who nods, acknowledges him and imediately hands
text: him an envelope of plane tickets. The clerk
text: leans over his desk and points down the terminal
dialog: 6-28-58
text: building. The Professor turns and approaches the
text: group, still cut of breath. ‘The CAMERA MOVES
text: into @ CLOSER ANGLE. The Professor fumbles
text: in bis pockets, brings out an identifteation, -
text: fering he shows to the Police, all the while
dialog: seying:-
speaker_heading: . PROFESSOR o
dialog: Never thought I'd make it.
dialog: Getting too old for this kind
dialog: of work.
text: (he glances at Thornhill)
dialog: All right. Thank you, men.
dialog: (takes Thornhill by
dialog: the arm)
dialog: Let's go, Mr. Thornhill. We
dialog: haven't much time. This way is
dialog: more private.
text: THE FOLLOWING SCENE WILL BE PLAYED IN A FAST-
scene_heading: MOVING DOLLY SHOT AS THE PROFESSOR ESCORTS
text: THORNEILL AWAY FROM THE POLICE THROUGH THE
scene_heading: TERMINAL, ALONG A RAMP, THROUGH A GATE AND
text: ACROSS THE FIELD TOWARDS A WAITING PASSENGER
scene_heading: PLANE. MOVEMENT WILL COME TO A HALT ONLY WHERE
scene_heading: INDICATED. :
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: I don't think I caught your
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: I don't think I pitched it.
speaker_heading: THORNALLL
dialog: You're police, aren't you? Or
dialog: 4s it F.B.I.?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
scene_heading: F.B.1...C.1.A....0.Nol... We're
dialog: &ll in the same alphabet Soup.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Well, put this in your alphabet
dialog: soup: TI bad nothing to do with
dialog: that United Nations killinges.
speaker_heading: : PROFESSOR
dialog: We know that. -
speaker_heading: TEORNELLL (slows down)
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (bumping a
dialog: passerby)
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: P.125-
speaker_heading: 1277
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: Ga28-98 7.126
speaker_heading: THORNAILL 127%
dialog: Then what's the idea of the CONT'D
dialog: police chasing me all over the . (3)
dialog: map? .
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: We never interfere with the
dialog: police unless absolutely
dialog: necessary. It has become
dialog: necessary.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: I take its then, I'm to be
dialog: cleared.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (taking his
dialog: arn
dialog: I do wish you'd walk faster,
dialog: Mr. Thornhill. Wetll miss the
dialog: planes
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (walking
dialog: faster) :
dialog: Where are we going == New York
dialog: or Washington?
speaker_heading: FESSOR
speaker_heading: PRO!
dialog: Rapid City, South Dakota.
speaker_heading: THRORNEILL (suspicious)
dialog: Rapid City? What for?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR .
dialog: It's near Mt. Rushmore. .
speaker_heading: THORNELLL
dialog: I've already seen Mt. Rushmore.
speaker_heading: : PROFESSOR
dialog: So has your friend Mr. Vanden.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (slowing
dialog: down again)
dialog: Vandanm?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (wrily)
dialog: & rather formidable gentleman, eh?
speaker_heading: THORNAILL (with venom)
dialog: And what about that treacherous
dialog: tramp with him...
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Miss Kendall?
dialog: North By Northwest .
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-22-58 P.127
speaker_heading: THORNEILL 127%
scene_heading: Yeah. CONT'D
dialog: (4)
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: His mistress. We kmow all about her.
scene_heading: THORNHILL (bridling at this)
dialog: What's Vandamm up to?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (evasively}
dialog: Let's say he's a kind of...
dialog: importer-exporter.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Of what?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Oh...you could say...government
dialog: secrets perhaps?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Why don't you grab him?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR .
dialog: Too much we still don't know about
dialog: his organization.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Uh-huh. Well what's Mt. Rushmore
dialog: got to do with all this?
speaker_heading: FROFESSOR
dialog: Vandamm has a place near there.
dialog: We think it's his jumping off point
dialog: to leave the country tomorrow night.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: And you're going to stop him...
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (puzzled)
dialog: Then...what are we going there for?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: To set his mind at ease about George Kaplan.
text: Thornhill glances sharply at the Professor and
text: peers at him for a moment.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You, huh?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Eh?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (a statement)
dialog: You're George Kaplan, aren't you...
dialog: -
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 9-5=58 P.128
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (blandly) 12772
dialog: Oh no, Mr. Thornhill. There is CONT'D
dialog: mo such person as George Kaplan. (5)
text: Thornhill comes to a dead stop. .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: 28 no such person?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Come. We'll talk on the plane.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: But I've been in his hotel room!
dialog: I've tried on his clothes! He's
dialog: get short sleeves and...and
dialog: dandruff!
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Believe me, Mr. Thornhill, he
dialog: doesn't exist. Which is why I'm
dialog: going to have to ask xe to go on
dialog: deing him for another twenty-four
dialog: Se .
text: Thornhill points a protesting finger at the Professor.
text: Just as his mouth opens, there is the SUDDEN ROAR
text: OF ENGINES AS A PLANE REVS UP AND PREPARES TO TAXT
text: AWAY FROM THE NEARBY RAMP. Thornhill locks across
text: at the plane with annoyance. .
speaker_heading: THE PLANE 128
text: As it starts to taxi away, its four engines creating
dialog: a@ storm of noise and wind. oo
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - THORNHILL AND THE PROFESSOR 129
text: The two men are talking at each other, the
text: Professor calmly, Thornhill gesticulating, arguing,
text: denying, insisting, protesting. The Professor keeps
text: tugging gently on Thornhill's arm, trying to move
text: him along as he explains. As they start walking
text: again, TOWARDS CAMERA, they continue to talk to
text: each other. WE HAVE HEARD NONE OF THIS CONVERSATION,
scene_heading: BECAUSE DISTANCE FROM CAMERA AND THE NOISE OF THE
text: PLANE TAXIING AWAY HAVE INTERVENED....long enough
dialog: for the Professor to give Thornhill a brief outline
dialog: of the George Kaplan plan which we learned about
text: in Washington. As the two men approach CAMERA
text: and walk through the gate onto the field, where
text: another passenger plane stands waiting, the
text: Frofessor appears to be making an appeal, and
dialog: ),
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-23-58 P.129
text: Thornhill is shaking his head vigorously. They have 129
text: walked into a TIGHTER TWO-SHOT and the SOUND OF THE CONT'D
text: TAXIING PLANE HAS FADED AWAY. We can hear them now. (2)
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Look ~ you started this crazy
dialog: decoy business without me!
dialog: Finish it without me!...
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR .
dialog: And well we might have if you
dialog: hadn't stumbled into it...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: «eet think you should give me a
dialog: medal and a v long vacation
dialog: stead of as. me to go on
dialog: - being a target just so that
dialog: your Number One, or whatever you
dialog: call him, doesn't get shot at!
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Not shot at, Mr. Thornhill -
text: Found out. Once he's found out,
dialog: he’s as good as dead. And thanics
dialog: to you clouds of suspicion are
dialog: forming =e
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Thanks to me --!
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: If you'll get on the plane --
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I'm an advertising man, not a
dialog: red herring! I've got a job, a
text: secretary, a mother, two ex-wives
text: and several bartenders waiting for
dialog: me, and I don't intend to disappoint
dialog: them all and get myself slightly
text: Killed by playing the men in the
text: gray~flannel cloak-and-dagger. ‘The
dialog: answer is no!
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Is that final?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Yes!
text: The Professor looks at him for a moment, then holds
dialog: out. his hand. -
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Goodbye then.
dialog: {as Thornhill takes the
dialog: hand uncertainiy)
dialog: Cn mm teva
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 10=+13-58
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (cont'd)
dialog: If I thought there was any chance of
dialog: changing your mind, I'd talk about -
dialog: Miss Kendall, whom you obviously
dialog: disapprove oF for good reason...
text: ‘THORNHILL (savagely)
dialog: Yeah - far using sex like some people
dialog: use a fly-swatter...For trying to have
dialog: me exterminated... -
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: I don't suppose it would matter to
dialog: you that she was probably fo to
dialog: do whatever she did...in order to
dialog: protect herself.
text: THORNEILL (almost a sneer)
dialog: Protect herself from what? .
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (slowly)
dialog: Suspicion...exposure,. assassination.
text: (Thornhill) stares at him)
dialog: Forgive me for referring to our Number
dialog: One as a man, Mr. Thornhill. It's
dialog: about all J.can do to help keep her
dialog: safe while she's in all this terrible
dialog: danger...
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THORNHILL
text: Turning to CAMERA, eyes filled with emotion as
text: he shakes his head slowly, trying to throw off
text: the pain of his confused feelings.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR'S VOICE (o.s.)
dialog: I imow you didn't mean to, but I'm
dialog: afraid you have put her in a mst
dialog: delicate situation - and much more
dialog: than her life is at stake...
text: During this, another plane has been arriving, its
text: landing lights slowly increasing the illumination
text: on Thornhill's stricken face and the background
text: behind him. The SOUND of the ENGINES RI
speaker_heading: P.130
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (3)
dialog: 130
dialog: as
dialog: though illustrating the munting determination
text: within Thornhill, and his ultimate decision.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE PLANE IN FLIGHT - NIGHT
dialog: 131
text: We are SHOOTING UP at the plane from an elevation on
text: the ground as it approaches CAMERA in a slightly de-
text: scending path. As the plane comes nearer and zooms
text: past, CAMERA PANS WITH IT SLIGHTLY and DISCOVERS:
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Ches. 9-23-58 = P.131
scene_heading: THE FACES OF THE PRESIDENTS - MT. RUSHMORE = NIGHT 132
text: The monument glows against the night sky, lit by
text: several banks of unseen searchlights. We HOLD ON
text: THIS SHOT, And then THE PADING SOUND OF THE
text: DISAPPEARING PLANE SLOWLY BECOMES THE SOUND OF
text: LAUGHTER AND MANY VOICES. SLOWLY, NIGHT TURNS TO DAY..
scene_heading: THE PACES OF THE PRESIDENTS - MT. RUSHMORE - DAY 133
dialog: Same angle as above. ‘The searchlights have been
text: replaced by sunlight. The black sky has turned
text: blue. CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY, until A CIRCULAR
text: BORDER APPEARS AT THE EDGES OF THE SCREEN. We
dialog: are in:
scene_heading: EFFECT SHOT - THE FACES OF THE PRESIDENTS - AS . 134
scene_heading: SEEN THROUGH BINOCULARS
dialog: As soon as we have established the binocular effect.
dialog: . cur To:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THORNHILL - MI. RUSHMORE OBSERVATION 135
speaker_heading: DE
text: We are on Thornhill's back as he stands peering
text: through binoculars mounted on a pedestal (There
text: are similar glasses located at many vantage points
dialog: throughout the park). .
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Suppose they don't come.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR'S VOICE (o.s.)
dialog: They'll come.
dialog: During this we have PULLED BACK TO REVEAL the
text: Professor sitting nearby reading a Rapid Ci
text: newspaper, his back half-turned away on ernhill.
scene_heading: THORNHILL (uneasily)
dialog: IT don't like the way Teddy Roosevelt
dialog: is looking at me...
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: He's trying to give you one last
dialog: word of caution, Mr. Kaplan: speak
text: softly, and carry a big stick.
text: Thornhill leaves the binoculars, starts restlessly past
text: the Professor to the corner of the terrace, saying:
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: i think he's trying to tell me not to go
dialog: seers ete ent bt bee Date tended aahame
dialog: y
dialog: wortn By northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 9-23-58 P.132
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR 135
dialog: Perhaps he doesn't know to what extent CONT'D
dialog: ou are the cause of our present . (2)
dialog: Ticulties==
text: THORNHILL (turning to him)
dialog: I'm not so sure I accept that charge,
dialog: Professor.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (miidiy)
dialog: My dear fellow = if you had not made
dialog: yourself so dammably attractive to
dialog: Miss Kendall that she fell for you
dialog: (momentarily delighted)
dialog: And vice versa,
dialog: faith in her loyalty now. It was quite
scene_heading: THORNEILL .
dialog: Are you trying to tell me « Tv
dialog: Roosevelt + that I'm trresiscible?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (sterniy)
dialog: I'm trying to remind you that it's
dialog: Zou responsibility to help us restore
dialog: ner to Vandamn's good graces...
text: (he sees Thornhill's face cloud over)
text: eesRight up to the moment he leaves the
dialog: country tonight. .
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (annoyed)
dialog: ALL right. All Bh, (s
text: (he points a finger to remind the
dialog: Professor of a previcus bargain)
dialog: But after tonight...
speaker_heading: SOR (locicing
dialog: Ny blessings” on yon Geek ony)
text: Thornhiii neds. ‘Then he locks off-sersen and reacts
text: tensely.
speaker_heading: TRORNELLL
dialog: Here they are.
text: The Professor's nonchalance vanishes instantly. He gets
text: up and walks awiftly away. Thornhill looks off .
dialog: “gape
scene_heading: . POINT OF VIEW - THE PARKING AREA 139
text: A white Lincoln convertible is Pulling into a
text: space, comes to a stop. The driver is Vandamn. Eve
text: and sit beside him. They get cut of the car,
text: Glance about, and start towards the cafeteria building.
dialog: 9-8-58 P.133
speaker_heading: THORNEILL 140
text: Watches them for a moment, then turns purposefully
text: and hurries toward the cafeteria from his level.”
text: We move with him EITHER with a DOLLY SHOT or a
text: SERIES OF CUTS, depending on the location of his
text: svarting point.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. MT. RUSHMORE CAPETERIA & GIFT SHOP BUILDING 242
text: Thornhill approaches the building and enters.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING - (MASTER SCENE) . 142
text: Thornhill walks across the lobby to the cafeteria,
dialog: & vast room with many tables and enormous windows
text: through which can be seen the faces of the presidents
text: in the distance. It is after the lunch hour, and
text: only half of the tables are occupied. Thornhill
text: goes over to the steametable and asks for a cup of
text: coffee. While waiting for it, he turns and looks
text: toward the PARKING AREA ENTRANCE to the cafeteria.
text: No one is coming througn there yet. He receives
text: the cup of coffee and starts toward an unoccupied
text: table. Just as he arrives at the table, he sees
text: Vandamm, Leonard and Eve enter the cafeteria.
text: He remains standing until they see him. Then he
text: sits down, .as Vandamm and Eve wall towards him.
text: Leonard sits down at a table near the entrance, as
text: though he were a sentry standing guard in case of
dialog: trouble.
text: AT THE TABLE 143
text: Vandamm and Eve arrive at the table. Eve has a
text: strained look. Thornhill contemptucusly deigns
text: even to glance at her. His ignoring of her presence
text: is his way of demonstrating to Vandamm how bitterly
text: he despises her. (THORNHILL is now playing a terse,
text: matter-of-fact "KAPLAN" rather than -his usual
dialog: protesting self.) .
dialog: »}
dialog: 9~8-58 P2134
speaker_heading: VANDAMM (with a 243
dialog: mild smile) CONT'D
dialog: Good afternoon, Mr. Kaplan. (2)
text: He starts to draw cut a chair for Eve.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (sharply)
dialog: Not her.
text: Vandamm's manner changes. He turns to Eve and,
text: with a sharp incline of the heed, dismisses her.
text: Tight-lipped, Eve turns and walks off towards
text: the gift shop. Thornhill looks after her with
text: noticeable distaste. Vandamm sits down, resuming
text: his deceptively polite manner.
text: (AT TIMES DURING THE FOLLOWING, THORNHILL WILL
text: LOOK PAST VANDAMM TOWARDS THE GIPT SHOP AND WE
text: WILL SEE THAT EVE, "BROWSING" IN THE GIFT SHOP,
text: IS STANDING RIGHT NEXT TO ANOTHER "BROWSER," WHO
text: COULD EVEN BE EXCHANGING WHISPERED WORDS WITH
text: HER. IT IS THE PROFESSOR. AND IF LEONARD, SEATED
text: NEAR The DOORWAY, WOULD TURN’ RIS HEAD, HE MIGHT
text: EVEN SEE THEM, BUT HE DOES NOT TURN HIS HEAD.
text: AND HE DOES NOT KNOW THE PROFESSOR. }
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: Did I misunderstand you about
dialog: bringing her?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: We'll get to that.
text: as he lights a cigarette)
dialog: I suppose you were surprised to
dialog: get my call...
speaker_heading: VANDAMM,
dialog: Not at all. I knew the police
dialog: would release you, Mr. Kaplan.
dialog: By the way, I want to compliment
dialog: you on your colorful exit from the
dialog: auction gallery...
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM |
dialog: And now what little drama are
dialog: we here for today? You see, I
dialog: don't for a moment believe that
dialog: you invited me to these gay
dialog: surroundings in order to come
dialog: to an arrangement....
dialog: 9-8-58 P.135
scene_heading: . THORNHILL 143
dialog: Suppose I were to tell you that CONT'D
dialog: I not only know exactly what time - (3)
dialog: you're leaving the country tonight,
dialog: but also the latitutde and longitude
dialog: of your rendezvous, and your
dialog: ultimate destination.
text: VANDAMM (after a beat)
dialog: You wouldn't care to carry my
dialog: bags, would you? ~
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Maybe you'd like to know the
dialog: price, just the same.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: Price?
scene_heading: . THORNHILL
dialog: For doing nothing to stop you.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM (amused)
dialog: How much did you have in mind?
speaker_heading: TEORNHILL
dialog: I want the girl...
text: The geniality dies on Vandamm's face for a moment.
text: Then he gives a little smile of understanding.
text: THORNHILL (shakes his
text: head, then speaks with
dialog: bitterness)
dialog: I want her to get what's coming
dialog: to her. You turn her over to me
dialog: and I'll see that there's enough
text: pinned on her to keep her
dialog: uncomfortable for the rest of her
dialog: life. In return, I'll look the
dialog: other way tonight.
text: Vandamm peers at him for a moment.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: She really got under your
dialog: skin, didn't she?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (angrily)
dialog: We're not talking about my sicin.
dialog: . We're talicing about yours. I'm
dialog: offering you.a chance to save it...
dialog: y
dialog: 9-8-58
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: To exchange it...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Put it any way you like.
speaker_heading: : _ VANDAMM
dialog: I'm curious, Mr. Kaplan. How did
dialog: you arrive at this deduction that -
dialog: my feelings for Miss Kendall might
dialog: have deteriorated to the point
dialog: where I would...trade her in
dialog: Tor...a little peace of mind?
speaker_heading: THORNAILL
text: I don't deduce. I observe.
text: The two men stare at each other steadily. Then
text: Vandamm looks up and gets to his feet.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE TABLE
text: Eve 1s standing beside the table, her face tense.
text: She doesn't look at Thornhill.
speaker_heading: EVE (cordiy)
dialog: Phillip -- if you don't mind,
dialog: I'm going back to the house.
text: She immediately turns and starts to leave the
text: cafeteria. Vandemm, momentarily caught off guard,
text: leoks after her hesitantly, and then, after a
text: quick look at Thornhill, goes after her.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - THORNHILL
text: Looking off after them, he rises with concern on
text: his face.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW - FROM THORNHILL
text: Vandamm has caught up with Eve. There is a brief
text: unheard exchange between them, then Vandamm
text: beckons Leonard over to them, and the three start
text: Swiftly toward the exit.
dialog: P.136
dialog: 143
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (4)
speaker_heading: 4301
dialog: 143x2
dialog: 1b
dialog: North By Northwest ,
scene_heading: Correction 9-16-58 P.137
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THORNHILL 145
text: Seeing this turn of events and reacting to it, .
text: he starts after them.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE ~ (MASTER SCENE) . “146
text: Thornhill moves swiftly across the cafeteria to
text: head off Vandamm, Eve and Leonard, who are approach-
text: ing the door leading out to the parking area.
text: Thornbili catches up with Eve, puts a hand on
dialog: er.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (quietly and
dialog: tensely)
dialog: Just a second, you.
text: Vandamm and Leonard, a few steps ahead of her, stop
dialog: and look back. :
dialog: EVE (mutters,
dialog: pulling free)
dialog: Get away from me!
text: She goes toward the two men, who are starting to
text: return. Thornhill grabs Eve by the arm, pulls her,
text: struggling, back into the cafeteria.
dialog: EVE (through her breath)
dialog: Let go!
text: Vandamm starts to make a move towards the struggling
text: Eve and Thornhill. Leonard quickly stays him. All
text: of this takes place with lightning rapidity.
text: Vandanm watches tensely.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Let go of me!
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You're not going anywhere...
text: (he pulls her violently
dialog: away from the others)
dialog: Come on... .
text: The CAMERA MOVES IN for a CLOSEUP of VANDAMM. From
text: his POINT OF VIEW, we SEE the struggling couple.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No!...Please!l...
speaker_heading: 9-858 P1138
speaker_heading: THORNHILL 146
dialog: Save the phoney tears... CONT'D
dialog: (2)
text: She breaks out of his grasp, backs away. He comes
text: toward her, stops suddenly. She has taken her
text: automatic from her handbag, points it at him.
dialog: Get back...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: You little fool...
text: Ee starts slowly toward her. She backs toward the
text: entrance, eyes wide with terror.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Stay away from me...
text: Thornhill. lunges at her. She fires at him once.
text: he clutches his chest, stops dead in his tracks.
text: She fires again. He spins, crashes into a table
text: and falls to the floor. Crowds scream. Pandemonium -
text: ensues. Eve dashes cut past Vandamm, who starts to
text: follow, but Leonard restrains him. :
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: No good, sir. You can't get
dialog: invelved in this.
scene_heading: IN A SERIES OF QUICK CUTS: 147-153
text: (1) The Professor is seen running across the
text: cafeteria towards Thornhill's fallen body.
text: (2) Eve is seen running down the path towards the
dialog: parking area.
text: (3) Leonard is seen unobtrusively escorting Vandamm
text: to the back of the crowd.
text: (4) The Professor is seen pushing his way through
text: the crowds surrounding Thornhill's body, saying:
dialog: "Get back! Please! Don't touch anything!"
text: (5) Eve is seen getting into Vandam's car,
text: gunning the motor, speeding away. .
text: (6) Leonard 1s seen moving up to the edge of the
text: crowd surrounding Thornhill's body, maneuvering
text: himself into position until he can see:
dialog: _ the front o
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Adds 9-24 58
text: (7) The Professor kneeling over Thornhill's body,
text: feeling the heart. He withdraws his hands, wipes
text: blood from his fingers with a handkerchief and —
text: looks up gravely as a shocked mrmur arises from
text: the onlookers and one woman begins to cry.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: ™~
scene_heading: EXD. DRIVEWAY ENTRANCE TO PARK = FEW MINUTES LATER
text: SHOOTING OVER the heads of hushed onlookers in
text: les, we see two green-uniformed park attendants
text: bearing Thornhill on a stretcher to the rear of a
text: parked hospital van. Several men remove their
text: hats as the stretcher goes by. The Professor is
text: on hand to supervise as the stretcher is placed
text: in the van and the rear doors are shut. Now the
text: Professor gets in the front seat beside the driver,
text: and the van drives off. *.
scene_heading: - . QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SECLUDED ROAD ~ A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: CAMERA IS ON a lovely wooded glen securely hidden
text: from the main road that cuts through the Black
text: Hills. Perhaps the Mt. Rushmore monument can be
text: seen in the distance through the trees.. CAMERA
text: . PANS OVER, revealing the parked amublance. ‘The
text: Professor is in the act of opening the back doors.
text: He peers in.
speaker_heading: . PROFESSOR
dialog: Mr. Thornhill...
text: Thornhill rises with alacrity.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: dre we there?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: No.
text: Thornhill looks off, sees someone and slides
text: out of the ambulance to his feet. He stands for a
text: moment looking off. Then, as he starts slowly
text: forward, CAMERA EASES BACK ultimately to reveal
text: Eve standing beside the white Lincoln convertible.
text: During this, the Professor has started back toward
dialog: 2 the ambulance, saying:
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Don't be long.
dialog: P.139
dialog: 147-153
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 154 our
dialog: 195
dialog: 156
dialog: 9-24-58 P40
text: Thornhill and Eve regard each other uncertainly 156
text: as she starts mving toward him. CAMERA now CONT'D
text: EASES IN, ultimately to a TWO SHOT. (2)
text: They continue to gaze at each other uncertainly,
text: In a way, they are meeting for the first time,
dialog: for it 4s the first time that they are together
dialog: with Thornhill knowing who Eve is and vith Eve *
dialog: e
dialog: Play~acting scene at the cafeteria did not count,
dialog: for they were prevented from acknowledging the |
dialog: stue situation). After all that Eve has done to
dialog: Thornhill and he has said to ber neither can be
dialog: certain of the other's true fee ings. It isa
text: time for uneasiness, caution and tentative probing
dialog: eo eventually giving way to what has always been
text: apparent: the fact that they do like each other .
dialog: more than somewhat.
speaker_heading: EVE i
dialog: Hello...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Hello... .
text: A moment of silence.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Yes. I think so,
text: More silence. They move closer.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I asked the Professor to let
dialog: me see you again...
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Oh?
text: He waits.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: There isn't...much time...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (non-committal)
dialog: Isn't there?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I...wanted to tell you...I
dialog: mean...apologize..,
dialog: om:
dialog: 9-28-58
scene_heading: THORNHILL (without feeling)
dialog: No need. I understand...
dialog: (slightly bitter)
dialog: All in the line of duty...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: > . I did treat you miserably...
dialog: THORNEILL (a self-accusation)
dialog: I hated you for it...
speaker_heading: EVE (faltering)
dialog: And I didn't want you to...go
dialog: on...thinking...
speaker_heading: TH (softening
dialog: slightly)
dialog: I used some pretty harsh words.
dialog: I'm...SOrry...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: They hurt.. deeply...
scene_heading: . THORNHILL (defensively)
dialog: Naturally, if I'd known...
dialog: EVE (defensively)
dialog: I couldn't tell you...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Nowee
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Could I?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Of course not.
text: Eve gives the tiniest of shrugs. They gaze at each
dialog: other. That is the whole situation. Nobody to
dialog: blame really. No need for further apologies. They
dialog: each were unkind to the other - but always with due
dialog: cause. But mixed in with the unkind acts and harsh
dialog: words had been other acts, other words, other
text: feelings - no? Eve smiles at him tenderly.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You didn't get hurt. I'm so
dialog: Trelleved.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (eagerly)
dialog: Of course I was hurt. How would
dialog: you have felt if -- 7?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I mean when you fell in the cafeteria,
dialog: when I - bang bang - shot you.
speaker_heading: P.141
dialog: 156
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (3)
dialog: ))
dialog: North By Northwest .
scene_heading: Chgs, By 40-13-58 P.1b2
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (smiles) 156
dialog: Oh, that...No. Cont 'D
dialog: EVE (moving closer)
dialog: You did it rather well, I thought.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL (pleased with
dialog: himself) *
dialog: Yes - I was quite...graceful... ‘
dialog: EVE (putting her hands
dialog: on him)
dialog: Considering that it's not really
dialog: your kind of work....
text: THORNHILL (touching her
dialog: tenderly)
dialog: I got into it by accident. What's
dialog: _ Mou excuse?
speaker_heading: EVE .
dialog: I met Phillip Vandamm at a party one
dialog: night and saw only his charm. I guess
dialog: I had nothing to that weekend, so -
dialog: I decided to fall in love... ’
dialog: THORNHILL (sorry he brought
dialog: the whole thing up)
dialog: That's nice.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: Eventually, the Professor and his
dialog: Washington colleagues approached me
dialog: with a few sordid details about
dialog: Phillip and told me that my...
dialog: relationshio with him made me
dialog: "uniquely valuable" to them.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (bridling)
dialog: Se you turned Girl Scout,
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Maybe it was the first time anyone
dialog: ever asked me to do anything worthwhile.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL :
dialog: Has life been like that?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Mn bom.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Men like you.
dialog: ‘orth By sorth ost
scene_heading: Chgs. 19-13-58 = P43
text: THORNHILL (kissing her) 156
dialog: What's wrong with men like me? CONT'D
dialog: : (5)
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: They don't believe in marriage.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I've been married twice.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: See what I mean?
text: He looks at her with affection.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Y'know something. I may go back to
dialog: hating you again. It was more fun.
dialog: EVE (with a trace of |
dialog: sadness) et
dialog: You're not going to have the chance..—
dialog: There isn't time,
text: .. (she gives him a quick embrace) |
dialog: Geodbye, Thornhill. .
text: THORNHILL (holding her)
dialog: Wait a minute. Not so soon.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: IT have to get back to the house and
dialog: convince them I took the long way
dialog: sround so nobody would follow me
dialog: ere.
text: THORNHILL (holding her
dialog: even closer) | :
dialog: Can't we just stand like this for
dialog: a few more hours? we
speaker_heading: - EVE
dialog: You're supposed to be critical.
dialog: wounded.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I never felt mre alive.
speaker_heading: EVE ‘
dialog: Whose side are you on?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Yours, always.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Then don't undermine my resolve,
dialog: just when I need it mst.
dialog: (~~
dialog: 9-248
text: They HEAR the SHORT BEEP OF A HORN and look off.
text: The Professor is mtioning to Thornhill to come.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I guess it's off to the hospital .
dialog: for me...
dialog: (they start walking slowly)
dialog: «eed4nd back to danger for you. I
dialog: don't like it one bit.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Much safer now, thanks to you,
dialog: my darling decoy.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Den't thank me. I couldn't stand it.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: All right. I won't.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: And just as soon as your malevolent -
dialog: friend Vandamm takes off tonight, I'm
dialog: going to undo my bandages, and you and
dialog: T are going to do a lot of apologizing
dialog: to each other, in private...
text: EVE (glancing at him
text: wistfully) .
dialog: Don't talk like that...
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: It's the way I feel...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You mustn't...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: IT must...
dialog: : EVE .
dialog: You knew it can't de.
scene_heading: THORNHILL (unconcerned)
dialog: Of course it can be.
text: Eve stops, looks up at hin, disturbed. She glances
text: toward the Professor.
speaker_heading: , EVE
dialog: He has told you, hasn't he?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (puzzled)
dialog: Told me what?
text: Eve shakes her head, unable to speak,
dialog: Pode ©
dialog: 156
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (6)
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. LO]9L4=58 PLLbbA
text: PROFESSOR (coming up to them) 156
dialog: Miss Kendall - you've got to get CONT'D
dialog: moving... : (7)
dialog: EVE (with a final embrace)
dialog: Goodbye, Thornhill...
text: THORNHILL (holding onto her)
dialog: Wait a minute... .
dialog: (to the Professor)
dialog: What didn't you tell me?
text: Eve and the Professor glance at each other. There
text: are tears in Eve's eyes now.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Why didn't you?
text: For a brief moment, the Professor's face reveals
text: an all-too-human regret for what he has done.
text: Then he looks at Thornhill and speaks crisply.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
text: She's going off with Vandamn
text: tonight on the plane.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (stunned)
dialog: Going off with Vandamm?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR .
dialog: That's why we've gone to such lengths
dialog: to make her a fugitive from justice
dialog: ~ so that Vandamm couldn't very well
dialog: decline to take her along --
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: But you said =
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: I needn't tell you how valuable
dialog: she can be to us over there.
speaker_heading: : TEORNEILL
dialog: You lied to ma! You said after tonight--!
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: I needed your help...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (bitterly)
dialog: Well, you got it all right...
dialog: EVE (through tears)
dialog: Don't be angry...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (to Eve)
dialog: If you think I'm going to let you
dialog: go through with this dirty business--{
dialog: (AS
dialog: oa
dialog: 9-24-58 PL lube
speaker_heading: . PROFESSOR 156
dialog: She has to, ay
text: THORNHILL (turning on him)
dialog: Nobody has to do anything! I
dialog: don't like the games you play,
dialog: Professor -- |
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: War is hell, Mr. Thornhill -- even
dialog: when it's a cold one.
text: THORNHILL (savagely)
dialog: o- If you fellows can't lick the
dialog: Vandamms without asking girls like
dialog: her to bed down with them and fly
dialog: away with them and probably never
dialog: come back alive, maybe you better
dialog: start learning to lose a few cold
dialog: wars! .
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (quietly)
dialog: I'm afraid we're already doing that.
text: Suddenly Eve breaks away, runs for her car.
text: Thornhill goes after her, and the Professor
text: quickly motions to the ambulance driver to step
dialog: wm.
speaker_heading: AT THE CaR 157
text: Eve gets into the car, starts the motor, as
text: Thornhill catches up with her and pulls open the
dialog: deor to stop her.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I'm not going to let you...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Don't spoil everything now...please...
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Come on = outee.
text: A hand taps him on the back. He turns.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TEE AMBULANCE DRIVER 158
text: His fist is cocked, and moving on the backward
dialog: are of a Imockout punch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: ~
dialog: ~~
dialog: North By Northwest .
dialog: Adds 9-22-58 =P. 145..
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE CAR DOOR © 159
text: Slamming shut as though it were illustrating the
text: impact of fist on jaw. The car drives off with
text: a SCREECH of tires, and we see Thornhill falling
text: ‘into the SHOT, and to the ground.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT 160
text: START CLOSE ON A BEDSIDE RADIO. During broadcast
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL Thornhill in trousers and
text: undershirt. His jacket, tie and red-stained shirt
text: hang nearby. He is pacing back and forth,
text: nervously smoking a cigarette.
scene_heading: ’ RADIO ANNOUNCER'S VOICE
dialog: ocin full view of scores of
text: horrified men, women and children
dialog: who had come to the park to see
text: the famed Mt. Rushmore mohument.
text: Witnesses to the shooting described
text: Kaplan's assailant as an attractive
text: blonde in her late twenties. Kaplan,
dialog: who was removed to the Rapid City
dialog: Hospital in critical condition, has
dialog: Deen tentatively identified as an
dialog: employee of the federal government...
dialog: The tragedy developed with startling
text: suddenness. Chris Swenson, a busboy
dialog: in the Mt. Rushmore cafeteria, stated
dialog: that he heard voices raised in what
dialog: seemed to be--
text: Thornhill angrily switches off the radio and
text: snutfs out his cigarette in an ashtray with
text: a@ violent thrust. He goes to the single window
text: which is open, stares down at the street many
text: stories below. He turns, walks toward the door,
text: feeling his jaw and wincing with pain. He pulls
text: at the doorknob, knowing it is locked but unable
text: to resist giving it another try. Impatiently he
text: hits at the unyielding door as though it were his
text: enemy. He is locked in, and quite obviously he'd
text: like to de out. He begins to pace the room again.
text: Now he HEARS POOTSTEPS APPROACHING in the hallway
text: outside, then a KEY IN THE LOCK. Quickly, and with
text: noticeable cunning, he lies down on the bed.
text: The door opens and the Professor walks in carrying
text: a brand new white shirt.
dialog: y
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 10-13-58
text: PROFESSOR (handing him the
dialog: shirt)
dialog: Eere we are. Sixteen and three quarter
dialog: collar, thirty-five sleeves, no ketchup
text: stains.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Thanks.
text: He starts to, put on the shirt.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: How are you feeling?
scene_heading: . THORNHILL
dialog: All right - considering that your
text: driver wes born with a sledgehammer
text: instead of a hand. :
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Sorry about that.
speaker_heading: . THORNHILL (pretending)
dialog: No. I deserved it. » ing
dialog: (gesturing toward the door)
dialog: And that locked door tco...
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: If you were seen wandering about in
dialog: good health, it could prove fatal to.
dialog: Miss Kendall. oe
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: No need to lock me in anymore.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I've been acting childish...
text: Thornhill turns away from the Professor and we
text: see on his face that he has ulterior mtives.
speaker_heading: OFESSOR
speaker_heading: PR
dialog: We all do at times, where a woman
dialog: is concerned, :
speaker_heading: \ THORNHILL
dialog: I've already started to forget her.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Good... .
speaker_heading: “ THORNEILL
dialog: Yes. .
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Better that way.
speaker_heading: PL146
dialog: 160
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: a”
speaker_heading: Qn22-58 P47
speaker_heading: THORNHILL 160
dialog: ore
dialog: Much.
speaker_heading: . PROFESSOR ~
dialog: Inside of an hour she'll be gone.
text: Thornhill has to tighten his lips to keep from
dialog: showing anything to the Professor other than ..
dialog: utter lack of interest.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: How goes it in the world outside?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
text: Fine. Mr. Kaplan's untimely shooting
dialog: has now acquired the authority of
text: the printed word. Enormous headlines.
dialog: Everyone has been cooperating
dialog: beautifully.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: You may now include me.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: I'm most grateful.
scene_heading: ~ ‘THORNHILL
dialog: A favor in return?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: A bottle of scotch. A pint'll do.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: May I join you?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Wonderful. Make it a quart.
text: The Professor goes to the door, opens it and
dialog: Tooks back.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: See you in a few minutes.
text: Thornhill smiles, the picture of friendly
text: cooperation. The door closes softly. And
text: almost before it has clicked shut, Thornhill's
text: smile disappears. He seizes his jacket, struggles
text: into it, closes his collar at the neck, stuffs his
text: tie into his pocket and steps to the door. He
text: turns the kmob and pulls. To his surprise and
text: dismay, the door is locked. Th: Professor has
text: been one step ahead of him.
dialog: oo
dialog: 9-22-58 = P.148.,
scene_heading: THORNHILL (with disgust) 160
dialog: Why, the dirty sneak. CONT'D
text: He locks around, glances at his wristwatch, makes
text: &@ decision, goes to the window and locks down at
text: the street below. Then he takes a deep breath,
text: swallows his fear and climbs out onto the ledge.
speaker_heading: THE LEDGE 161
text: Thornhill inches his way along the shallow ledge
text: until he comes to another window, partially open.
text: He raises it as silently as he can and starts to
dialog: climb in.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER HOSPITAL ROOM 162
text: The room is in darkness. ‘Thornhill's silhouette . -
text: is framed in the window as he climbs in. As bis
text: Teet touch the floor, a light suddenly comes on.
text: An attractive BRUNETTE has switched on the lamp
text: on the night table and now sits up in bed.
text: Thornhill holds a finger to his lips, starts
text: toward the bed (and the door beyond).
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE
dialog: Stop!
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (softly, as
dialog: he walks by)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: The woman quickly takes her harlequin glasses
text: from the night table, puts them on and lcoks at
text: Thornhill as he goes past the bed and continues
text: on to the door.
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE (in an entirely
dialog: st different tone of voice)
speaker_heading: OPe ce
text: Thornhill opens the door and walks out on the
dialog: invitation.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD BEYOND MT. RUSHMORE - NIGHT 163
text: A taxi is speeding elong a winding dirt road.
dialog: (A
dialog: 9-22-58
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The cab slows down and comes to a stop near the
text: beginning of a high stone wall. .
speaker_heading: CLOSER SHOT
dialog: x.
dialog: +
text: As Phornbt12 gets out of the cab, the driver turns
dialog: Oo \<
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Sure you don't want me to take
dialog: you right up there?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: No. This is fine.
text: The cab drives off.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
text: He looks about, then.moves along the wall wntil
text: he comes to a pair of heavy tron gates - the only
text: entrance to the area beyond the wall. The gates
text: are open. He goes through and sees:
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT - VANDAMM'S HOUSE
text: It 1s a sprawling modern structure in the Frank
dialog: Lloyd Wright tradition set on a rise in the land
text: at the end of a long driveway. Lights are ablaze.
text: There 4s evidence of activity within.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ~- WITH THORNHILL
text: Cautiously he approaches the house and makes his
text: way around to the back. The terrain there is rocky
text: and slopes sharply down to a level field. The house
text: juts out over this slope, cantilever style. As
text: Thornhill stands in the dark looking about, he
text: suddenly sees:
text: THE FIELD BEHIND THE HOUSE
text: Two parallel rows of lights sevsral hundred yards
text: long. They are very clearly the runway Lights of a
speaker_heading: P.1kg
dialog: 1632
dialog: + 163x2
dialog: 164-165
dialog: our
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: wn
dialog: North By Northwest — an
scene_heading: Chgs, 9-29-58 P.150
text: hidden landing strip. They flash off and on again, 169
text: as though being tested, and then the field falis CONT'D
dialog: back into darkness. (2)
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - WITH THORNHILL 170
text: Ee turns around and starts up the Slope, moving
text: to his right towards the side of the house where
text: the incline is less steep. Just as he reaches the
text: house, he stops, on the alert, as he HEARS THE
text: SOUND OF AN APPROACHING CAR, "He looks off, sees:
scene_heading: - POINT OF VIEW i721
text: The headlights of the approaching car sweep along
text: the driveway, and then the car itself is seen .
text: coming around the side of the house and pulling to
text: a stop in the parking area. It is a small sedan. .
text: The driver gets out. It is Valerian. He 4s carry-
text: ing a newspaper. At this moment, a side door of the
text: house opens arid a woman walks out to meet Valerian.
text: It is the housekeeper.last seen at the Townsend
text: estate in Glen Cove. Together, they go toward the
text: house, moving directly towards Thornhill.
scene_heading: THORNHILL ~ . 172
text: Re quickly dicks beneath the cantilevered portion
text: of the house and hides. He HEARS A DOOR OPENING
text: AND CLOSING, then FOOTSTEPS AND VOICES INSIDE
text: THE HOUSE ABOVE HIM, the sound coming through
text: the floor. Thornhiiz glances about, then decides
dialog: to climb up one of the cantilevers, This will
dialog: enable him to get a view of what might be going on
dialog: inside the house, All the time that he hes been
text: underneath the house, he has been HEARING A MUMBLE
text: OF VOICES FROM ABOVE, He moves forward.
dialog: 173-174 or
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - EXT. HOUSE . 175
text: " Thornhill appears from beneath the house groping
text: his way up the diagonal beam of the cantilever and
text: then climbing up onto the horizontal beam. He is
text: now outside one of the large windows of the living-
text: room. A section of the window is open. With
text: cat-like stealth he moves along the cantilever
text: towards the window, takes up a position in the
text: shadows and peers inside,
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: + Chgs. 10-13-58 P.151
scene_heading: INT. LIVING-ROOM - FROM THORNHILL 176
text: A large room, strikingly furnished, and dominated’ by
text: @ great chandelier which hangs suspended from the two-
text: story-high beamed ceiling. A stairway et the far
text: end leads to a balcony which runs the length of the
text: room. Off this balcony are bedrooms. In f.g. near
text: the window 4s a table on which can be seen sone
dialog: effects of Vandamm =-- a black briefcase, books |
text: strapped together, boxes of his favorite Cigarettes,
text: and the pre-Columbian figure, the Tarascan Warrior,
text: purchased at the auction. Vandamm and Eve are near
text: the bar. Close to them is an opened newspaper. Eve
text: appears strained. (Her parting with Thornhill has
dialog: threatened her self-control considerably.) Vandam,
dialog: " assuming that she is upset over the shooting, has
text: been trying to comfort her in a soothing, gentle voice.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: _ eeNothing to worry about--
speaker_heading: RE
dialog: o-I lost uy head--
text: During following, Leonard enters in beg. unobserved
text: by them. He watches them with a curious smirk on
text: his face, as though he’ were in possession of a delight~
text: , Ful secret unknown to anyone but ‘him.
speaker_heading: " VANDAMM
dialog: I'm not just seying this to make you
dialog: feel better, my dear. I mean it...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I didn't know what I was doing...
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: He was going to destroy you. You
dialog: had to protect yourself...
speaker_heading: EVE i
dialog: But not endanger you...
speaker_heading: . VANDAMM
dialog: Nonsense. There's not a word, not a
dialog: whisper that links you or me, of
dialog: us, with this thing. There wo have
dialog: been hint on the radio or in the
dialog: paper. ok for yourself,
text: : EVE (shaking her head).
dialog: I don't want to look...
speaker_heading: VANDAMM (with sympathy)
dialog: . Or even think about it. I can
dialog: understand ‘that.
text: (he takes her face in his hands)
dialog: Will you ever forgive me, my dear?
dialog: He kisses
dialog: 9-25-58 P.152
speaker_heading: EVE 176
dialog: Forgive you? CONT'D
dialog: - (2)
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: For upsetting you so...for not
dialog: showing more confidence in your
dialog: devotion...
dialog: EVE (a wan smile)
dialog: Dear Phillip...
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: Soon we'll be off together, and I
dialog: Shall dedicate myself to your
dialog: happiness.
text: her gently, then turns toward Leonard.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: What's the situation, Leonard?
dialog: . LEONARD (facetiously)
dialog: About the plane, you mean?
speaker_heading: : VANDAMM :
dialog: Of course... What was the last
dialog: report?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
text: Over Whitestone on the hour. Six
text: thousand. Descending.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
text: Another ten minutes.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: At the mest.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: Bags?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Outside.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: Runway lights?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Checked.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: Good.
dialog: North By Nortnwest
dialog: Chgs. 10-13-98
speaker_heading: LEQHARD
dialog: And now, I wonder if I could
dialog: have a few words of parting with
dialog: you, sir?
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: Certainly.
text: ' LEONARD (looking at Eve) -.
dialog: In private?
text: Vandamm glances sharply at Léonard. Eve senses
text: tension, quickly relieves the situation.
dialog: I'l. go ‘Up: irs and get
dialog: & Stairs an & ay
dialog: things.
text: She starts up the stairs.
scene_heading: OUISIDE THE WINDOW
text: Thornhill watches as Ive goes up to the balcony.
text: Leonard stares at her all the way, and Vandamm
text: peers at him, sensing hostility in his attitude.
text: When Eve disappears into one of the bedrooms,
text: Vandamm addresses Leonard with a trace of
text: facetiousness.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: Well, Leonard = how does one say
dialog: farewell to one's own right arn?
dialog: In ben ae I'm afraid
dialog: your case, s m a.
dialog: you're going to wish you had
dialog: cut it off sooner...
dialog: During the above interchange, Thornhill will
text: glance sharply up to his right
text: the lights go on in the '’
text: and then Eve herselr appear for a moment et the
dialog: window. Pee Tees Sne-livinestoom dvindle
dialog: 2 Le ne as tr jacks
text: away from the open living-room window toward
text: the end of the cantilever beam. He is now in a
text: better position to attract Eve's attention. He
text: glances about for a ‘pebble to throw, but he 4s too
text: fat above ground to reach one. He takes a coin
text: from his pocket, glances cautiously towards the
text: living-room, then looks Up and throws the coin
text: at Eve's window. It hits noisily and falls to the
text: ground below.
dialog: P.153
dialog: 176
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (3)
dialog: 177
dialog: North By Northwest *
scene_heading: Chgs. 10"13=58 PL15u
scene_heading: INTERCUT SEVERAL ANGLES : 178-187
text: Eve appears at the window, looks out for a moment,
text: then walks away. . .
text: Thornhill takes another coin from his pocket, throws
text: it at the window and hits again, :
text: Eve appears at the window, opens 4t and looks oute.
text: Just as Thornhill starts to call to her, he glances
text: Sharply toward the living-roon. :
text: Leonard is walking briskly over to the open living-
dialog: room window, In a moment he will see Thornkil.,
text: Thorahi2l @ucks back into the shadows against the
dialog: Use.
text: Leonard peers out of the living-room window to see
text: the cause of the noise he had heard; Eve continues
text: to look out of the bedroom window. Thornhill cannot
text: move out to signal her, Seeing nothing, Eve closes
text: the window again and walks away. -
text: Thornhill glances toward the living-room window and
text: his eyes widen:
text: Leonard has moved away from the window and, with his
text: back to Vandamn, is taking a gum from his pocket and
text: placing it on a table near the window, as Vandam
text: salks in b.g., his words unintelligible.
text: Thornhill edges up to the window, as Leonard. turns
text: around, the gun concealed on the table behind him,
text: Tne dialogue becomes intelligible again,
scene_heading: INTERCUT INT. LIVING-ROOM & CLOSEUPS OF THORNETLL 188-192
scene_heading: LISTENING .
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: You must have had so: doubts about
dialog: her yourself, and ‘5 go <=
dialog: VANDAMM (@isturbed, and
dialog: trying to conceal it)
dialog: Rubbish...
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: seWhy else would you have decided not to
dialog: tell her that our little treasure here...
dialog: Cpatt the figure of the Tarascan
dialog: . Warrior .
dialog: esehas @ bellyfull of microfiim?
speaker_heading: VANDAMM (angrily)
dialog: Seem to be trying to fill mine with
text: rotten apples.
dialog: North By Northwest .
scene_heading: Chgs, 9-29-58 = PL155
speaker_heading: LEONARD 188-192
dialog: Sometimes the truth does taste CONT'D
dialog: like a mouthful of worms, sir. (2)
text: VANDAMM (snorts) .
dialog: What truth? I've heard nothing
dialog: but dnnuendoes,
speaker_heading: LEONARD .
dialog: Call it my woman's intuition if
dialog: you will, but I've never trusted
dialog: neatness. Neatness is always the
dialog: result of deliberate planning.
speaker_heading: VANDAMN (defensively)
text: She shot him in a moment of fear and
dialog: anger. You were there. You saw it.
speaker_heading: LEONARD (nods) :
dialog: And thereby wrapped everything up
text: into one very neat and tidy bundle:
dialog: (during the precedin speech, he
text: Picks up the gun, holds it behind
text: his back and advances further into
text: the room, the CAMERA FOLLOWING
text: THROUGH THE WINDOW)
dialog: A. She removed any doubts you might
dialog: . have had about (what did you call it)
dialog: her wegvekion"? and B. She gave
dialog: herself a new and Bessne reason to
dialog: be taken over to the other side with
dialog: you, just in case you decided to change
dialog: your mind. .
text: Vandamm manages a laugh, but it is not very convincing,
speaker_heading: VANDAMM —
dialog: You kmow what I think? I think
dialog: you're jealous of her. I mean it.
dialog: And I'm touched, dear boy, . Really
dialog: touched. .
text: Suddenly Leonard brings the gun out from behind his
text: back and points it at the startled Vandamm.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM (sharply)
dialog: Leonard!-
text: Leonard pulls the trigger, fires point blank at
text: Vandamm. There is a SHARP REPORT, Vandamm stands
text: there, stunned but unharmed.
speaker_heading: LEONARD (softly)
dialog: The gun she shot Kaplan with. I
dialog: found it in her luggage.
dialog: 9-25-58
scene_heading: WAIST SHOT - VANDAMM
text: The CAMERA is VERY HIGH, looking down on him. As
dialog: the full realization of what this means sinks
text: in, the CAMERA SLOWLY DESCENDS to examine his
text: expression, and the ANGLE becomes a BIG HEAD.
text: Yandamm's reaction is carefully controlled. He
dialog: is toc big a man to let Leonard see the humiliation
text: and anger he feels at having been duped by Eve.
speaker_heading: LEONARD'S VOICE (during above)
dialog: It's an old Gestapo trick. Shoot one
dialog: of your own people to show that you're
dialog: not one of them. They've just
text: freshened it up a bit with blank
dialog: cartridges.
text: Vandamm gives a little sigh.
dialog: “Wi
dialog: What a pity...
text: From upstairs, the SOUND OF A DOOR OPENING.
text: Vandamm looks up, and his brooding expression .
text: quickly changes to a wistful smile.
speaker_heading: W
dialog: Ready, dear?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - EVE
text: Standing at the balcony railing dooking down,
dialog: - at hin.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I thought I heard a shot...
scene_heading: FULL SHOT = THE LIVING ROOM
speaker_heading: VANDAMM (calmly)
dialog: Yes...so did we...
dialog: (moves toward the window)
text: Must have been a car backfiring
dialog: or something.
dialog: (looks ot) .
dialog: Hurry down, pet. Almost time to go.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: In a moment.
text: She goes back into her room. Leonard moves at
text: Vandamm, speaking in a harsh voice.
dialog: P.156
dialog: 193
dialog: 19%
dialog: 195
dialog: A
dialog: north By Northwest
dialog: Adds 9-26-58 + =P.157
speaker_heading: LEONARD 195
dialog: You're not taking her on that : CONT'D
dialog: plane with you? » (2)
speaker_heading: VANDAMM oo
dialog: Of course I an.
text: Leonard stares at him. Vandamm looks back at hin
text: the way an adult looks at a small boy. ~
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: Like our friends, I too believa
dialog: in neatness, Leonard. .
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: This matter is best disposed of
text: from a great height...over water.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THORNHILL 196
dialog: " Aghast at what he has heard.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE 197
text: Thornhill backs away from the open window, looks
text: ‘up at Eve's bedroom. The light is still on.
text: Inside the living-room, Valerian has entered in
text: begs and is receiving instructions from Vandemm.
text: Leonard has taken up a position near the open
dialog: window. Even if he thought it would do any good,
dialog: Thornhill would not dare hurl ancther coin at
text: Eve's window now. His lips tighten. He makes a
text: Gecision, starts to climb up the side of the -
text: house to her room.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE ~ THORNHILL 198
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM as he makes his way pre-
text: cariously up the side of the house. Eve's window
text: is beyond him and always in view. We SEE her
text: moving about and ting on her things during his
dialog: climb. There is little on which Thornhill can gain
text: purchase as he climbs, little to hang on to. He
text: cuts his hand. Severai times he almost crashes
text: to disaster. The last few feet are the hardest.
text: He claws his way to the window sill of Eve's
text: bedroom, grabs it with his left hand, pulls |
text: himself up, gets his right hand working, and
text: with a final gasp, gets his body up high enough
dialog: to be able to see through the closed window
text: into the room. Just as his head clears the
speaker_heading: Ww
dialog: 9-25-58 P.158
text: sill, the lights in the room go out and, over 198
text: his shoulder, we see Eve silhouetted in the CONT'D
dialog: doorway, walking out. (2)
dialog: , : 199-203 oF
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM 204
text: Thornhill, outside the window, stares dejectedly
text: through the glass, then silently works the window
text: open. He climbs lato the room and stands there
text: for a moment in the semi~darimess catching his
text: breath, He looks at his cut hand, takes out his
text: handkerchief and presses it into the bleeding
text: palm, Then he steps cautiously to the doorway
text: and looks out over the living-room below. He
text: cannot see much of the room because of the
text: balcony, and his unfavorable vantage point. But
dialog: he can hear voices:
speaker_heading: VANDAMM'S VOICE
dialog: How about a little champagne
dialog: before we go?
speaker_heading: EVE'S VOICE
dialog: I'd love it.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM'S VOICE (after he
dialog: walks to bar)
dialog: It may not be cold enough.
speaker_heading: . EVE'S VOICE
dialog: Over the rocks will be all right.
speaker_heading: VARDAMM'S VOICE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: EVE'S VOICE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM'S VOICE -
dialog: Good idea,
text: Suddenly Thornhill glances back toward the open
text: window, alarmed at what he HEARS -- THE FIRST
text: PAINT DRONE OF AN APPROACHING PLANE. He looks
text: about desperately, not knowing what to do. His
text: eyes fall on the handkerchief still held in his
text: hand. He sees his monogram: "ROT" on the cloth.
text: He glances toward the doorway, and an idea is
text: born. He feels in his side pocket and takes out
dialog: a match folder. (In_an_ IN he
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ¢ n a his p
text: ks RO! He takes a pen from hi
text: pocket, opens the match folder and writes a
scene_heading: 9-25-58 P1159
text: message on the inside of the cover: "THEY'RE ON 204
text: TO YOU! COME UP TO YOUR ROOM!" He closes the CONT'D
text: folder, +f0°s to the doorway and mves cautiously
text: out to the balcony.
speaker_heading: 205-206 OU:
speaker_heading: EIGH ANGLE 207
text: SHOOTING DOWN over Thornhill in f.g. as he edges
text: forward on the balcony, we see mre of the
text: living-room below. Eve is seated on the arm of
text: a sofa, Her handbag is on the coffee table.
text: - Vandamm is turning away from the bar, walking
text: toward her with a glass of champagne-on-the-rocks
text: in each hand. He gives her one, and they click
dialog: glasses.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: To you, my dear...and all the
dialog: lovely moments we've had together...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Thank you, Phillip.
text: ' As they drink, Leonard enters, walks toward the
dialog: windo
dialog: We
text: . _ LEON.
text: He's circling.
text: Vandamm turns away from Eve, starts toward Leonard
text: and the | window. Thornhill tosses the
dialog: 
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - IN LIVING-ROOM . 208
speaker_heading: VANDAMM (to Leonard)
dialog: Jump in. The champagne is fine.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: There isn't time.
dialog: VANDAMM (ruefully)
dialog: You always w a spoil-sport
dialog: weren't you? -
speaker_heading: LEONARD (starting past
dialog: him towards Eve)
dialog: One of my most valuable attributes,
text: as it now turns out.
dialog: ~
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Adds 9=29~58
text: Automatically he stoops down and picks up the match
text: folder lying on the floor, playing with it idly as
text: he addresses Eve. (THORNHILL WATCHES IN AGONY.)
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: It would please me if you wuld ,
dialog: PBUnK of me as being eiong on
dialog: this journey, if only in spirit.... |
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I shall, Leonard...
text: Leonard tosses the match folder to the coffee
text: table before her and turns away, so that she
text: cannot see his harsh expression. Eve sets her glass
text: down on the coffee table as the SOUND of the PLANE
scene_heading: GROWS LOUDER. ath ees the ma’
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - EVE
text: For a moment she is puzzled. Then her glance goes
text: to the floor where she had seen Leonard pick up
text: the matches. Healization begins to dawn on her.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM'S VOICE (o.s.)
text: Cone along, Eve.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: All right...
text: She gets to her feet, takes a cigarette from the
text: coffee table, puts it between her lips and takes
text: up the matches. We are VERY CLOSE as she opens
dialog: e
text: the folder and reads poormnil ts message
text: striking a match and Tignting the cigarette.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: She looks up, sees the two men standing there wait-
text: ing for her. She starts towerd them, then suddenly
text: feels her ear.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, I think I left my earrings
dialog: upstairs...
text: Before they can say anything, she runs right past
text: eee up the stairs, clutching the match folder
dialog: Je
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Be right down.
speaker_heading: P.160
dialog: 208
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 209
dialog: rake}
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs.
dialog: 10-23=58 P.161
text: Vandamm and Leonard glance at each other, then look 210
text: toward her as she goes upstairs.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW - FROM MEN
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: 210x1
text: Eve going up the stairs and along the balcony te
dialog: her reon.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - VANDAMM & LEONARD
text: Watching her.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
dialog: 220K2 "
dialog: eu
text: Thornhill draws back into the bedroom as he sees
text: Eve coming. She mms into the room
dialog: snaps on the
text: light. He grabs her and pulls her towards the
text: window as they speak in very fast, urgent whispers.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Quick! We can make it. through the
dialog: window! There's a car downstairs!
speaker_heading: EVE (struggling)
dialog: Get away from here, you idiot!
dialog: You'll ruin everything!
speaker_heading: THORNAILL
dialog: Ruin everything? They know all
dialog: about the fake shooting! They're
dialog: . going to do away with you! -
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What're you talking about?
speaker_heading: TLL
speaker_heading: THORNE:
dialog: Leonard found the gum in your
dialog: luggage! You heard the shot!...
text: Eve stares at him, then glances quickly towards
text: door as she hears FOOTSTEPS ON THE STAIRS.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: eeeAnd I heard them say the
dialog: figure they bought at the auction last
dialog: night is filled with microfilm!
text: Eve turns, looks at Thornhill.
speaker_heading: EVE .
dialog: So that's how he's been getting
dialog: the information.
dialog: we
dialog: North By Northwest
scene_heading: Chgs. 10-10-58 P.162
speaker_heading: LEONARD'S VOICE (from 21
speaker_heading: balcony) CONT'D
dialog: Miss Kendall? . (2)
text: She breaks away and goes quickly toward the door.
text: , THORNHILL (calling after her)
dialog: Don't get on that plane! I'll get ~
dialog: the car!
text: She snaps off the light and hurries out to:
speaker_heading: THE BALCONY 212
text: -- Just in time to head off Leonard, who has
text: reached the top of the stairs. She closes the
text: -bedroom door behind her and goes quickly towards
text: him. He stops, waits for her and they both start
text: .down the stairs.
speaker_heading: 213 OUT
scene_heading: THE LIVING-ROOM ‘ ay
text: As Eve and Leonard descend the stairs, Vandam
text: is talking in a reassuring tone of. voice to the
text: housekeeper, who appears troubled.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: Don't worry, Anna. Arrangements
dialog: have been made. You and your
dialog: husband will be over the Canadian
text: border by morning.
speaker_heading: HOUSEKEEPER
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: . VANDAMM
dialog: Be careful now.
speaker_heading: HOUSEKEEPER
dialog: We will, sir. And God bless you. —
text: Vandamm turns and picks up the pre-Columbian figure
text: while Leonard crosses over and picks Eeets ie glance brief-
dialog: 253 the & books and the oyeenemm as bea P
dialog: 2 e he ‘andamm as comes ov
dialog: $s fers reat oot eof them now start o bast
text: the exit door under the stairs as the housekeeper
text: starts up the room. As the housekeeper goes out
text: of the picture we SEE the balcony bedroom docr open
text: and Thornhill cautiously stepping forward and
text: looking out.
dialog: 
dialog: o~
dialog: 9-29-58 = P63
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEw 214x1
text: The housekeeper is retreating toward the other end
dialog: of the room, :
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE HOUSEKEEPER . . 214x2
text: Her walk slows up as she sees: :
scene_heading: INSERT - A TURNED OFF TELEVISION ser 214x3-
text: It reflects Thornhill Standing on the distant
text: balcony behind her. .
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PROFILE oF HOUSEKEEPER 214x
text: She is still walking slowly. She turns her head
text: ever so slightly, conscious of Thornhill's Presence,
text: and then makes her way around a corner out of sight.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THORNHILL . 214x5
text: Satisfied that the woman is gone, he goes quickly
speaker_heading: t CAMERA
text: along the balcony and down the Stairs,
text: FOLLOWING. As he Teaches the bottom step, he
dialog: hears:
scene_heading: HOUSEKEEPER'S VOICE
dialog: Stay where you are!
text: Thornhill turns, startled and Sees:
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW 224X6
text: The housekeeper slowly advancing towards him from
text: the far end of the room. She is holding a gun,
dialog: pointed at him, :
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE 214x7
text: She stops within a few yards of him, motions
dialog: toward @ nearby chair,
dialog: =
dialog: 9-29~58
speaker_heading: HOUSEKEEPER
dialog: Sit down.
dialog: (Thornhill sits)
text: As soon as the plane leaves,
dialog: Mr. Leonard and my husband will
dialog: be back.
text: Thornhill looks desperately toward the exit acor.
scene_heading: EXt. HOUSE - DOLLY SHOT
text: Eve, Vandamm and Leonard have emerged from the
text: house and are walking away from it toward the
text: landing strip. Vandamm is holding Eve's arn,
text: rh oe is walking behind them. They look off as
dialog: y :
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - MOVING POINT OF VIEW
text: -4& twinwengined plane is letting down at the far
text: end of the lighted runway, its landing lights a-
dialog: blaze. .
scene_heading: EVE,. VANDAMM AND LEONARD = DOLLY SHOT
text: The group are continuing their walk toward the
text: Plane. Now CAMERA MOVES in to a CLOSE SHOT of
text: EVE, as she walks. We see her anxious expression.
text: The CAMERA EASES AWAY to a THREE SHOT, and Eve's
text: expression changes to a simulated, nonchalant one.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - EVE
text: She looks over her shoulder, back toward the house.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW - THE HOUSE
dialog: No sign of Thornhill,
speaker_heading: THREE SHCT
text: Vandamm is looking at Eve as she turns forward
dialog: again. .
dialog: P.16e
speaker_heading: 214X7
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: 215-216 OUT
dialog: 217
speaker_heading: 2170
dialog: 218
speaker_heading: 2180
dialog: 216x2
speaker_heading: 218X3
dialog: 9-29-58
dialog: Vv.
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: EVE (vaguely)
dialog: I was wondering about those -
dialog: earrings...
speaker_heading: VANDAMM :
dialog: They'll ‘turn up. : os,
text: ‘CAMERA EASES IN CLOSE ON EVE AGAIN as she continues
text: On her face we see increasing apprehension.
text: She looks ahead,
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW
text: The landed plane is taxiing towards the group. The
text: silhouetted figure of Valerian is seen standing
text: beside the baggage at the end of the runway.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The plane comes to a stop; the group arrives, and
text: the cabin door is immediately opened from the
text: As Valerian starts to pass the baggage
text: up to the man inside,
speaker_heading: CUT TOs
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - EVE
text: She looks back toward the house with desperation.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW = TEE HOUSE
text: Still no sign of Thornhill.
speaker_heading: AT THE PLANE
text: While Valerian continues to dispose of the luggage,
text: 9 still holding Eve by the arm, turns to
dialog: Pos
dialog: * 228x3
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: 216x4
speaker_heading: 218x5
speaker_heading: 218x6
speaker_heading: 21857
speaker_heading: 218x8
dialog: “~
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: Chgs. 10-13-58
speaker_heading: VANDAMM
dialog: When you return to New York,
dialog: do say gocdbye to my sister for
dialog: me, and thank her for her superb -
dialog: performance as Mrs, Townsend...
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: I'll do that.
text: VANDAMM (gesturing toward
dialog: Valerian) .
dialog: eseAnd you might tell your knife-
dialog: throwing chum that I've reassured
dialog: his wife.
speaker_heading: LEONARD .
dialog: Right.
text: During this, Eve has been glancing about as though
text: looking for a final means of escape. Her glance
text: goes to Vandamm's hand still gripping her arn. “She
text: tries umsuccessfully to ease away from his grip.-
text: Leonard, seeing her actions, eases himself over to
text: block any attempted escape she might be planning.
speaker_heading: VANDAMM .
dialog: I guess that's all, Leonard.
text: He starts to lead Eve toward the steps of the
dialog: plane. :
text: LEONARD (looking at Eve)
dialog: Happy landing. -
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP = EVE
text: Panic begins to seize her. Suddenly, from the
text: house, comes the SOUND of TWO QUICK GUNSHOTS.
speaker_heading: THE GROUP
text: All turn their heads quickly.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW ~ FLASH
text: The flying figure of Thornhill is seen dashing
text: out of the house and into the sedan parked outside.
dialog: P.166
speaker_heading: 228Xx8
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: 218x9
speaker_heading: 218x210
speaker_heading: 2181
dialog: an
speaker_heading: THE GROUP
dialog: Still looking
dialog: 9-29-58
text: off. Suddenly Eve, finding herself
text: momentarily free of Vandam's erip and Leonard's
dialog: observation, grabs the Tarascan Warrior from -
dialog: Vandamn's
dialog: the house.
text: arm and dashes out of the scene toward
dialog: Over this, we HEAR the distant. CAR
text: STARTING UP. Leonard looks quickly-at Vandamm for
dialog: instructions, : , ~
speaker_heading: : VANDAMM (sharply)
dialog: Get that figure back!
text: Leonard dashes away, with Valerian Jcining him,
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Eve is running a few paces ahead of the two men,
dialog: the sedan
text: Speeding toward her, The car starts
text: to pull up and its side door flies Open as Eve
dialog: reaches it. . :
speaker_heading: SIDE-ON ANGLE
text: The car stops: Eve leaps in.
text: She slams
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (yells)
dialog: Lock it?
text: the door just as the two men arrive.
text: They tug at the handle. Thornhill guns the car
dialog: aways
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: The two men are flung back as the car drives off,
text: It makes a wide circle and speeds toward the house
text: over rough ground.
speaker_heading: INT. CaR
speaker_heading: EVE (breathlessly)
dialog: What happened? Are you all right?
scene_heading: _. THORNHILL
dialog: Can you imagine? The housekeeper
dialog: had me pinned down for five minutes
dialog: before I realized it was that same
dialog: silly gum of yours.
dialog: P.167
speaker_heading: 218x212
speaker_heading: 2183
speaker_heading: 218x4
speaker_heading: 218x15
speaker_heading: 21806
dialog: Aw
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: I see you got the..uh.
speaker_heading: . EVE (grimly)
dialog: Yes. :
speaker_heading: LANDING FIELD
text: Vandamm has just reached the two
speaker_heading: VALERIAN
dialog: North By Northwest ~
dialog: Adds. 10-13-58 P.168
text: He flashes a glance at the figure in her hands.
dialog: «pumpkin.
dialog: Don't worry, sir. The gates
dialog: are locked.
speaker_heading: AT THE GATES
text: The car comes to a screeching stop before the
text: locked gates. Thornhill jumps out and starts
text: tugging at the chains.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP = EVE IN CAR
text: Still clutching the figure, she
dialog: looks forward
text: toward Thornhill anxiously, then looks back.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW
text: With the house in the distance,
dialog: she sees the
text: running figures of Leonard and Valerian.
scene_heading: OBJECTIVE SHOT - THE CAR AND THE GATES
text: Eve scrambles out of the car, runs toward Thornhill.
text: He turns, sees the men coming.
text: Eve run OUI OF THE SHOT.
speaker_heading: LEONARD & VALERIAN
text: Running after then.
dialog: Together, he and
speaker_heading: 218x216
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: 218x17
speaker_heading: 219-231 CUT
dialog: 232
speaker_heading: 2320
dialog: 233 ©
dialog: 2330.
speaker_heading: 233K2
scene_heading: 10-13-58 P69
scene_heading: INT, FOREST - DOLLY SHOT = MOONLIGET 23
dialog: The "forest" is really no more thah a Shallow, -
text: heavily wooded area. Thornhill and Eve come
text: running in, and CAMERA MOVES with them as they
text: scramble over rocks, fallen trees and other
text: _ obstacles. Eve is encumbered by her scarf,
text: handbag and the figure she is carrying.
speaker_heading: THORNEILL
dialog: Here. Give me that.
text: He takes the figure from her. They run on.
text: Suddenly Eve is brought up short as the scarf
text: around her neck gets caught on a pine tree.
text: Thornhill stops, turns to her and they struggle
dialog: to get her loose,
scene_heading: FLASH ~ LEONARD & VALERIAN : 234x1
text: Crashing through the forest after then. ‘
scene_heading: THORNHILL & EVE. - . 234x2
text: Still trying to extricate her. Finally they
text: unwind her from the scarf, abandon it and run
text: out of SHOT.
speaker_heading: LEONARD & VALERIAN
text: Running after them.
speaker_heading: 234X3
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR FOREST 234xX4
text: In the distance, we SEE the running figures of
text: Thornhill and Eve emerge fron the forest ‘into an
text: open clearing. They continue TOWARD CAMERA until, .
text: in a CLOSE SHOT, they come to a sudden stop and
text: look off ahead.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW 234X5
text: About fifty to a hundred yards ahead, they SEE
text: the back of the Mt. Rushmore Monumens. The heads
text: of the presidents are moonlit, Beyond is yawning
text: Space, and beyond that, the distant horizon,
dialog: “
dialog: North By Northwest
dialog: : 10-13-58
speaker_heading: THORNEILL'S VOICE
dialog: Uh oh. Didn't know you were here, .
dialog: gentlemen,
scene_heading: STRAIGHT ON TWO SHOT - THORNHILL & EVE
dialog: (stdll looking
dialog: ahead) .
dialog: No good this way. We're on top
dialog: of the mnument.
text: Pe. now looks off to his right and Slightly behind
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW
text: In the distance, Valerian is SEEN emerging from
dialog: the forest,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THORNHILL & EVE
text: Eve, looking off in ancther direction, grabs
dialog: Thofahili's arm. . ,
speaker_heading: | EVE
dialog: Leck!
text: Thornhill looks off.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW
text: Leonard has emerged from the woods in another
dialog: spot.
scene_heading: PROFILE SHOT - THORNHILL & EVE
text: “He grabs her arm and starts running with her in
dialog: the only direction they can go == towards the
text: edge of the monument. CAMERA DOLLIES ALONG with
text: them until they start Slowing down. CAMERA COMES
dialog: TO A STOP,
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - FULL VIEW OF PART OF MONUMENT
text: We see the tiny figures of Thornhill and Eve
text: @pproach the edge.
speaker_heading: P.170
speaker_heading: 235X5
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: 234X6
speaker_heading: 234x7
speaker_heading: 234x8
speaker_heading: 234X9
speaker_heading: 234X210
dialog: 235 our.
speaker_heading: 236 0—CO
dialog: 10=13-58
scene_heading: WAIST SHOT - THORNEILL & EVE
text: As they peer down.
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW :
text: The presidents! faces as seen from the edge, with
text: moonlight revealing the Gepth below,
scene_heading: WAIST SHOT - THORNEIZL & EVE
text: They turn, look back once more at their pursuers,
dialog: C'mon. Down we go.
dialog: EVE (looking down again)
dialog: We can't,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: No choice. C'mon,
text: They start down and go OUT of SHOT.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - CROSS ANGLE ~ THE MONUMENT
text: SHOOTING PAST Lincoln's face in f.g., we SEE
text: Thornhill and Eve making their precarious way
text: down the sloping crevice between Jefferson's
text: face and the rear of Washington's head.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - THORNEILL & EVE
text: As they work their way down:
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (grimiy)
dialog: A funny thing happened to me the
dialog: other day on my way to the theatre.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Skip it,
scene_heading: COMPREHENSIVE SHOT oF LEONARD & VALERIAN
text: Still fairly far apart, arriving at the edge,
text: Leonard is at the top of the crevice, Valerian
text: is on Washington's head.
speaker_heading: P.171
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
speaker_heading: 240—02k2
dialog: 0
dialog: yr
dialog: 2k2
dialog: 24a
dialog: 243
dialog: oe
speaker_heading: 1013-58 P.172
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - THORNHILL & EVE
text: They look up and SEE:
speaker_heading: FOINT OF VIEW
text: Leonard starting down after then.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT ~ THORNHILL & EVE
text: Continuing their perilous descent down the slope.
speaker_heading: : THORNHILL
dialog: If we get out of this alive, let's
dialog: " go back to New York on a train
dialog: together. All right?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Is that a Proposition?
speaker_heading: TH
dialog: No = a proposal,
text: He loses his footing, slips dangles Precariously,.
text: Eve reaches down, tries to help hin.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What happened to the first two
dialog: marriages?
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (struggling)
dialog: My wives divorced me, ting
speaker_heading: _ EVE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: " THORNEILL (st4i1 struggling)
dialog: I think they...said I...led...t00
dialog: dull a life...
text: He regains a safe foothold,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - VALERIAN
text: Sliding papidly down a sloping ledge to Washington's
text: right shoulder and Starting across,
dialog: aly,
dialog: aks
dialog: 246
speaker_heading: 2k7
dialog: . North By Northwest
dialog: adds Longe P.173
scene_heading: “ 5 LONG SHOT - CROSS ANGLE - THE MONUMENT kg
dialog: ig
text: chin to head off Thornhill and Eve, who are coming
dialog: down toward Washington's left should
text: scrambling down after then.
scene_heading: EIGH ANGLE - LEONARD. 2g
text: Below him in b.g. are Thornhill and Eve. Leonard
text: accidentally dislodges ‘a Precariously balanced rock.
text: It starts to tumble down the slope.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THORNHILL & EVE 250
text: Their backs are to CAMERA. ‘They HEAR the
text: rock, turn, eyes wide with dismay. There is no
text: time for them to move out of the path of disaster.
scene_heading: A, POINT OF VIEW 251
text: The rock is Crashing down toward CAMERA. at the
text: last moment Just as it is about to smash into
dialog: its. intended fe eims> , the me anne Sn @ snag and
dialog: goes Ying off ata ang en’ oO e@ yawning
dialog: depths below,
scene_heading: THORNHILL & EVE 252
text: For a brief Doment, stunned into immobility by
dialog: their brush with death,
dialog: EVE (in a hollow voice)
dialog: I just thought of a new drink...
text: THORNHILL (still staring
dialog: ahead)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: EVE
text: People, on-the-rocks.
text: ~ Thornhill gives her a look. She gives a little
dialog: 6 s
text: . then they quickly start down the ledge
dialog: N on Washington's lert shoulder. (Right here,
dialog: wv
dialog: Ms
dialog: From: Ernest Lehman North By Northwest
dialog: 10-15-58
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: [3S _FOR SCEN
speaker_heading: BLE Al 2
scene_heading: (AND OTHER NO ENTS DURING CHASE)
dialog: 
dialog: ZZORNEILL: You're wearing too much. Take something
dialog: off,
dialog: EVE: Like what?
dialog: THORNEILL: Your shoes! Get rid of the jacket!
dialog: (pointing to her handbag) And that Valise!
dialog: EVE; Mind if r keep my girdle on?
dialog: se me
dialog: EVE: Oh darn = there goes my stocking,
text: THORNHILL: C'mon. This is no time to darn
dialog: stockings, .
dialog: nae
dialog: EVE (after Thornht11 stumbles Precariously): Your
text: Slip is showing, : .
text: THORNHILL (sourly): Laugh? I thought 174 die. .
dialog: se
dialog: EVE: We showld have taken the escalator down.
dialog: see
text: THORNHILL (laboring for breath): My nis-spent
dialog: youth is Catching up with me,
dialog: EVE (looking back): That isn't all that's catching
dialog: up with you, :
text: THORNHILL (staring at the Presidents' faces): That
dialog: reminds me = I forgot to register,
dialog: 10-13-58
text: Eve's handbag, shoes and suit-jacket become
text: hopelessly encumbering. Thornhill makes her get
text: rid of whatever she can. The shoes go flying -
text: away. So too the Jacket, with womanly regrets.
dialog: But Eve makes Thornhill stuff some of ‘the contents
text: of her handbag into his Pockets before she hurls
text: the handbag to the depths below. During this
dialog: striptease, there showld be Some ad~libbed comments.)
text: Preoccupied with their physical efforts, they are
dialog: ROt aware of Vale: approachi in beg. He gets
text: closer and closer sat now, with upraiset knife,
text: is ,gbout to stab Thornhill when Eve, turning
text: suddeniy, sees Valerian and shouts:
dialog: Look out!
text: : Thornhill swings around, hits Valerian's wrist and
text: Geflects the downward arc of the knife in mid-air,
text: Then he quickly gives Eve the figure, and shouren
scene_heading: THORNSILL .
dialog: Keep going...!
text: Eve moves on, with Leonard coming down after her,
text: as Thornhill faces Valerian again,
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - THORNHILL & VALERIAN
text: Struggling to the death, with the knife poised
text: between them in Valerian's hand.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL (gasping)
dialog: I'm beginning...to think....you
dialog: don't....like me....
text: They wrestle each other to the ground, then roll
text: Over the edge and begin to Slide down toward a
text: precipitous drop, still struggling.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT = EVE
text: Looking back for a Moment just as the two men
text: Start their slide, She turns away and scrambles
text: on as she sees Leonard almst upon her. .
scene_heading: THORNHILL & VALERIAN
text: Still sliding down. At the very edge of the
text: Precipice, Thornhill manages to break free,
dialog: P.174
dialog: 252
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 253
dialog: 2m
dialog: ‘ 10-13-58
dialog: nd Sudden release causes Valerian to plun,
dialog: Geath with a testetes, ¢ «Tho; C
dialog: £o kis dea a gezte scre
dialog: ets to his feet, To eonard about
text: © catch up with Eve. He starts toward then.
dialog: cm
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - EVE « LEONARD
text: Leonard grabs Eve, wrests the figure from her
text: grasp and gives her a Vicious shove that sends
text: her down to what appears to be certain death. .
text: But as she Slips down, she Manages to catch hold
text: of a ridge in the Precipitous Slope and dangles
text: there, unable to mve.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Thornhill arrives on the Scene, Leonard is
text: starting away with the figure. Thornhill clambers -
dialog: down to rescue Eve,
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Hang on!
text: He lowers himself down to Eve, placing himself in
dialog: @ perilous position, His only purchase is one
text: hand gripping the edge above him while the other
text: hand reaches out to take Eve's outstretched hand.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - EVE
text: in her effort to reach Thornhillts hand, her
text: feet apply pressure to the ridge she has been
text: Standing on. Just as their hands meet, the
text: ridge breaks off and her legs dangle in mid-air,
speaker_heading: OBJECTIVE SHOT
text: Thornhill, hanging on to the ledge above him with
text: one hand, is holding Eve from death below with
dialog: his other hand,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT = THORNHILL
text: Turning into CAMERA with desperation to look over
text: the ledge above him. He SEES:
speaker_heading: P.175
dialog: 255
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: "256
dialog: 257
speaker_heading: 258-259
dialog: oor
dialog: 260
speaker_heading: 260x1
dialog: 260x2
dialog: 10013-58 P.176 ,
scene_heading: POINT oF view 260x3
dialog: Leonard stil. moving away. -
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT = THORNETLL 260x4
dialog: Leonard! a
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW - FROM THORNHILL : 262
text: Leonard Stops, turns and looks back,
scene_heading: : THORNEILL'S VOICE (oes.)
dialog: For God's sake...
text: Leonard starts Gown towards hin, ‘As he approaches,
dialog: cetera Doonan y bene Me Bey oe
text: suddenly s appears °B» gripp .
text: the ledge. The feet of Leonard miowly approach and .
text: come to a stop a few inches from the - Then
text: one foot 1s raised and gently placed on the hand,
dialog: 262-266
dialog: 0!
scene_heading: CLOSEUP + THORNETLL 267
text: Glancing up sharply, reactin, he feels the
dialog: as
text: Pressure of the shoe on his fsngers and realizes
dialog: what 4s about to happen.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - LEONARD 268
text: Looking down without Szpression as he leans :
dialog: sl: de.
dialog: forwar igktly and iberately applies the
text: Pull weight of his body onto the fingers,
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ~ THORNHILL 269
text: in horrible agony.
speaker_heading: “THORNHILL (gasps)
dialog: Don't...I...can'tess,
text: Eve cries out.
dialog: 10-13-58 P.177
scene_heading: CLOSEUP = SHOE PRESSED ON HAND 270
scene_heading: THORNHILL'S VOICE (o.s.) .
dialog: Have tOveslet.. 20.0.
text: Suddenly there 1s the CRACK of a GUN which
text: veverberates through the monument. The shoe
dialog: relaxes its pressure for &@ moment and the figure
text: drops from Leonard's &rasp to the ledge beside the
dialog: rolls of
text: hand and smashes, revealing several
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - TOP oF THE MONUMENT 271
text: A brief flash of a group of silhouetted figures
dialog: looking down,
scene_heading: CLOSEUP = THORNHILL 272
text: Glancin briefly at the smashed figure and the
text: microfiln, then looking up.
scene_heading: _ LOW ANGLE - LEONARD 273
text: Mortelly wounded, looking down with dying eyes,
text: shen starting to fall toward CAMERA.
scene_heading: THORNHILL & EVE 274
text: Recoiling as Leonard's body falls past then.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - TOP oF MONUMENT 275
text: In a FULL FIGURE SHOT, we see the group on the
text: monument at close range: the Professor, holding
text: & pair of binoculars; Vandamn, flanked by two
text: uniformed State Troopers, one of whom is hol
text: the revolver thet fired the shot. Below then
text: two more State Police clamber down the slope to
text: rescue Thornhill and Eve and disappear out of SHOT.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (staring down
dialog: worriedly)
dialog: Well dene, Sergeant.
dialog: 10-13-58
speaker_heading: VANDAMM (sardonically)
dialog: Rather waetog ae8t don't you
dialog: think...using rea:
dialog: bullets?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: BIG HEAD CLOSEUP - THORNEILL
text: Looking down with tension on his face.
scene_heading: THORNSILL (with exertion)
dialog: Here...rea
dialog: Bee eDOWs oe
speaker_heading: EVE'S VOICE (o.s. - gasping)
dialog: I'm... .tryingse.
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: Come on...I've got FOUs se oUDoee
scene_heading: BIG HEAD CLOSEUP = EVE
text: Looking up, her face
dialog: _ £
dialog: Can't make
text: showing physical effort.
speaker_heading: VE
dialog: it ==
speaker_heading: THORNHILL'S VOICE (0.s.)
dialog: Yes you can...Come on...
speaker_heading: EVE (strained)
dialog: Pull harder...
scene_heading: BIG HEAD CLOSEUP = THORNEILL
speaker_heading: THORNHILL
dialog: There...that's it...
scene_heading: BIG HEAD CLOSEUP - £
dialog: Ah...good.
text: She starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: VE
speaker_heading: EVE (moving up)
dialog: P.178
dialog: 275
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 276
dialog: 277
dialog: 278
speaker_heading: 279
dialog: 10~13-58 P.179
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THORNHILL & EVE 280
dialog: &s she lands beside hin, we realize that they -
dialog: are not on Mt. Rushmore after all, but are
text: sitting side by side, feet dangling from the
text: upper berth of a drawing-room in a train standing
text: an a@ station at NIGHT. He has been lifting her
dialog: up with difficulty because the lower berth is
text: not open. From outside, a VOICE calls outs
dialog: "Board"
speaker_heading: : EVE (still la )
dialog: This ts silly, Thorhili ine
scene_heading: . THORNHILL
dialog: I know, But I'm sentimental.
text: He puts his arms around her, and as they kiss
dialog: waar dk we SEE the hand that was stepped on.
dialog: Bach Tt peatiy ed with Band-Aid.
dialog: ust then, hs ain jerks inte mtisns
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN 281
text: We are SHOOTING toward the rear of the observa-
text: tion car as the train rolls off into the night.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: TEE END
dialog: 
