speaker_heading: NOVITIATE
dialog: By:
dialog: Maggie Betts
speaker_heading: C/O Maven Pictures LLC
dialog: 148 Spring Street
dialog: NYC, NY
speaker_heading: 10012
scene_heading: OVER BLACK.
text: Held for a beat in the darkness and silence, a series of
text: written TEXT appears upon the screen.
dialog: In 1959, Pope John the XXIII assembled
dialog: the Second Vatican Council. The Catholic
dialog: Church had not assembled an ecumenical
dialog: council in nearly 100 years.
dialog: Between 1962 and 1965, the Council, also
dialog: referred to as Vatican II, issued 16
dialog: documents.
dialog: The aim of these documents was a broad
dialog: relaxation of the Church, with an eye
dialog: towards projecting a more welcoming
dialog: image.
text: The words then fade leaving only a hollow empty space.
text: Before piercing through the void, we begin to hear a
text: VOICE. A young girl, no more than 19 years old,
text: whispering so softly and intimately.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (V.O.)
dialog: So many people settle for a love that
dialog: doesn’t ask much of them, that they don’t
dialog: have to make any real sacrifices for... I
dialog: didn’t want that. I wanted an ideal love,
dialog: that asked everything of me. That I would
dialog: have to sacrifice everything for.....
text: Her voice too fades, just as an echo of distant MUSIC
text: begins to fill in - Requiem, Pie Jesu/ Gabriel Fauré -
text: gradually rising, encircling and imbuing the atmosphere
text: with a quality as solemn as soaring.
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD. COLONNADE - DAWN
text: Rays of light and sunshine pierce in little pockets,
text: through the courtyard of this 20th Century version of an
text: ancient monastery. A BELL begins to chime in the
text: distance, awakening the day.
text: We are now moving down a long exterior walkway, following
text: a massive expanse of big black billowing fabric, that
text: seems float along the floor as soft as waves in water.
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 2.
text: PULLING BACK, we realize we're actually following behind
text: a faceless NUN from this particular monastery of women,
text: THE SISTERS OF BELOVED ROSE. She seems to move with a
text: strange sense of urgency, the hem of her habit dancing
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Our father, who art in Heaven, hallowed
dialog: be thy name.... Where are you?
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - MORNING
text: Now inside the order’s sacred chapel, we drift through
text: the space on our own- Revealing a panoramic resplendence
text: of vaulted MURALS, the immaculate ALTAR OF CHRIST, silk-
text: like streams of soft and hazy light that drip in through
text: windows above.
text: At the same time and all alone within the shadows, the
text: same NUN has moved to the floor in the middle of the
text: chapel, lost herself in prayer. She whispers.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Where are you? Where are you? Where are
dialog: you?...Why are you doing this to us?...
dialog: Now when I need you most?
text: But we’re suddenly jolted by the abrupt and jarring SOUND
dialog: of a...
scene_heading: INT. NOVITIATE DORMITORY. HALLWAY - MORNING
text: ANGLE ON an OLD WOODEN CLAPPER.
text: As we now find ourselves inside the long central hallway
text: of a small dormitory for girls, known as the “Novitiate”.
text: We follow behind as another NUN, SISTER GENEVIEVE, 47-
text: Gradually makes her way down the hall, clapper in hand.
text: It’s 5 am and she is loudly ‘clacking’ beside the door of
dialog: each and every girl that is housed here. It’s her job to
text: awaken them all, make sure they’re never late for Mass.
scene_heading: INT. NOVITIATE DORMITORY. VARIOUS CELLS - MORNING
text: Moving one by one into a number of the private rooms,
text: called “Cells”, that make up the dorm. A variety of YOUNG
scene_heading: WOMEN- Sisters CHARLOTTE, EMILY, CANDACE - Are suddenly
text: JOLTED awake once the clapper lands at their door! They
text: all quickly bolt from their beds, shake off the
text: drowsiness and hurry to the floor to pray.
scene_heading: INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - MORNING
text: Before in one room in particular, containing no more than
text: a simple metal frame BED and an ICON OF CHRIST along the
text: wall, we find SISTER CATHLEEN - A stunning and ethereal
text: young novice of only 19. Cathleen’s also already wide
text: awake, eyes wide open and staring straight at the door.
text: As the sound of the clapper then reaches Cathleen, she
text: too hurries from her bed to the floor.
text: A gentle call then emanates in from the hall.
speaker_heading: SISTER GENEVIEVE (0.S.)
dialog: Benedicamus Domino...
text: With Cathleen and all her fellow novices calling back.
scene_heading: NOVICES IN UNISON
dialog: Deo Gratsias....
text: MOMENTS LATER, Cathleen begins to undress out of her
text: nightgown and into her WHITE VEIL NOVICE HABIT. For the
text: brief moment that she’s also left NAKED and unclothed, we
text: notice how awkwardly she holds her nightgown to her body,
text: struggling to climb into one garment while still
text: clutching the other. Clearly the shame of her nudity
text: makes her so uncomfortable, even when she’s all alone.
text: CLOSE ON Cathleen’s face as she at last pins on her VEIL,
dialog: so effortlessly without the benefit of a mirror. Right
text: before our eyes, she’s transformed from a girl to a nun.
scene_heading: INT. NOVITIATE DORMITORY. STAIRCASE - MORNING
text: Now the entirety of the NOVITIATE, some 15 young women in
text: total, all rapidly descend the dormitory staircase one by
text: one: No more than a flurry of passing feet and floating
text: veils.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT - MORNING
text: The sound of the BELL chimes even louder, as the same
text: group of novices now wordlessly walk in two tight lines
text: through the hazy morning light of the courtyard. They are
dialog: moreover such an exquisite looking procession, almost
text: military-like in their lock and step unison. They seem to
text: all move together like a balletic flock of birds.
text: Somewhere tucked into the line we also observe Cathleen,
dialog: demonstrating such composure in her ‘Custody of the
text: eyes’: With arms softly crossed along her stomach and
text: each hand hidden in the opposite sleeve. With eyes
text: perpetually lowered and locked, in a blink-less downward
dialog: gaze.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (V.O.)
dialog: I was 17 years old when I first came to
dialog: the convent. 18, when I entered the
dialog: Novitiate.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - MORNING
text: Back within the chapel, the ENTIRE COMMUNITY OF ROSES
text: have now gathered for the daily ritual of MASS. As a
text: PRIEST stands at the altar, back to the congregation, we
text: watch his HANDS begin to carefully lay out his
text: ACCESSORIES for the service.
text: At the same time as we also peer through the pews to see
text: the room packed to the gills with over 200 nuns, all
text: ranging in ages from 16-100. Moving all around and
text: through them, from one pew to the next, we look deeply
text: into so many of their still and solemn faces. The
text: collective sense of reverence and rapture, so palpable
dialog: you can almost taste it.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (0.S.)
dialog: Mea Culpa, mea culpa, mea maxima
dialog: culpa...Baptistam, sanctos Apdstolos
dialog: Petrum et Paulum, omnes sanctons....
dialog: Oremus.
text: And suddenly all is silent, dead silent. A silence so
text: rich, deep and voluptuous, it creates its’ own presence
text: in the room. Such a powerful silence that is broken only
text: by the occasional COUGH or BREATHE, before...
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (V.O.)
dialog: And I’m sure a lot of people could
dialog: probably never understand it. Never
dialog: understand why someone so young, with
dialog: their whole life in front of them, would
dialog: want to give it all away to God.
text: We then slowly begin to PAN across the faces of all the
text: Novices, all knelt together in a line before altar-
text: Noticing how shockingly young and innocent they all are.
text: Most of these girls, all now in their final stages of
text: training to be nuns, are barely even out of high school.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN (V.O.)
dialog: They think of nuns today, and all they
dialog: see is a bunch of old women... Women who
dialog: couldn’t find husbands. Women who, for
dialog: whatever reason, just couldn’t make it in
dialog: the outside world. So ran off to a
dialog: monastery to escape everything...
text: We then finally land on Cathleen, just as her eyes glance
text: up with such longing at the altar. She just stares
text: straight up at it, while all other heads around her are
dialog: bowed.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN (V.O.)
dialog: What they don’t understand though, is
dialog: beneath everything else... We were women
dialog: in love.
text: Cathleen then finally closes her eyes, giving herself
text: over to prayer. She whispers.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Oh Lord, I adore you. You’re all I could
dialog: ever want.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: OVER BLACK.
text: A new TITLE now appears on the screen.
speaker_heading: 10 YEARS EARLIER
text: Just as the sound of some iconic feeling 1950’s POP SONG
text: begins to drift in, together with that of a far off,
text: distant TRAIN HORN.
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: RURAL TENNESSEE. VARIOUS - DAY
text: Music from a local Tennessee radio station plays through
text: the background, as we come to a quaint series of tableaus
dialog: of the rural South as it once was, the lost and forgotten
dialog: feeling of a great American heartland. We see great wide
text: open farms, the quietude of suburban streets, church
text: steeples towering high above.
text: At the same time, we begin to hear the echo of a CHURCH
speaker_heading: BELL.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCAL CATHOLIC CHURCH - DAY
text: It’s Sunday morning with the church bell ringing, calling
text: this small Tennessee town to Mass. An exterior of the
text: local clapboard CHURCH reveals a small stream of arriving
text: locals, smiling and greeting each other along the way.
text: Before A CAR pulls up, and....
text: NORA HARRIS (35)- Cathleen’s somewhat hard scrabbled,
text: though deeply loving and devoted mother. Together with a
text: much younger, CATHLEEN (7)- Both step out into the
text: parking lot.
text: Nora looks around for a moment, checks the car mirror for
text: any lipstick in her teeth, before she finally glances up
text: at the church with a noticeable air of skepticism and
dialog: anxiety.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Come on honey, let’s give this a whirl...
text: At the entrance, Nora and Cathleen are then suddenly
text: stopped by some husky, wide-grinning MAN in his 50s.
text: Already seeming a bit “over friendly” for Nora’s taste.
speaker_heading: CHURCH USHER
dialog: Why Nora Harris, I don’t believe it! Is
dialog: that really you?
text: Nora turns, feigns surprise.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Oh yeah. Hey Rob, how you been? You been
dialog: good?
speaker_heading: CHURCH USHER
dialog: (turning to Cathleen)
dialog: Yes Ma’am, I most certainly have. But
dialog: wait a minute now, please don’t tell me-
dialog: Is this really Cathleen?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Yeah can you believe it, growin’ up so
dialog: fast.
text: He then bends down to Cathleen, squeezing her cheeks.
speaker_heading: CHURCH USHER
dialog: Hey pretty lady, now you know you’re not
dialog: allowed to grow up that fast! Soon you’1l
dialog: be taller than me!
text: He turns back to Nora.
speaker_heading: CHURCH USHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Gotta say, I’m a little surprised to see
dialog: you here... Long as I’ve known you, I
dialog: don’t think I’ve ever seen you within 500
text: yards of Sunday worship.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Yeah well, don’t get your hopes up. I’m
dialog: not here to be saved or nothing.... Just
dialog: figured it was about time Cathleen had a
dialog: chance to see for herself, what
dialog: religion’s all about- Or ‘supposed’ to be
dialog: about... Besides, we were a little bored.
speaker_heading: CHURCH USHER
dialog: All right, good enough for me. Why don’t
dialog: you come on in, we’ll find you a seat.
text: Nora and Cathleen then follow the man inside.
speaker_heading: LOCAL PRIEST (0.S.)
dialog: Blessed be God and the Father...
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL CATHOLIC CHURCH - DAY
text: Entering mid-sermon, a LOCAL PRIEST stands addressing a
text: small but packed house, Nora and Cathleen squeezed into
dialog: the crowd.
speaker_heading: LOCAL PRIEST
dialog: Because although you have not seen him,
dialog: you still love him. Although you don’t
dialog: know him, you still believe in him. You
dialog: feel his presence all around you without
dialog: knowing his name, and you rejoice with an
dialog: indescribable ecstasy... For if there’s
dialog: one thing we know, it’s that God’s love
dialog: is unconditional...
text: Seemingly woefully unimpressed, Nora glances at her
text: watch. She then glances at Cathleen, surprised by how
text: riveted and attentive her daughter seems. Young Cathleen
text: just stares in wonder, in much the same way we saw her
dialog: stare before.
scene_heading: EXT. HARRIS HOUSEHOLD - DUSK
text: A hush of evening falls over this quiet rural street,
text: somewhere along the poorer more neglected part of town.
text: No bigger than a trailer, sits the Harris’ little house.
scene_heading: INT. HARRIS HOUSEHOLD - NIGHT
text: Inside their cramped little home, Nora and Cathleen sit
text: together at the kitchen table. A cigarette dangling from
text: Nora’s mouth, as she spoons out veggies on their plates.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Really wish you’d eat more honey, you
dialog: know I worry about you sometimes...
text: Nora reaches to push away the hair from Cathleen’s face.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: So, did you like going to that church
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: Yeah, I did.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Really? What'd you like about it most?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: I don’t know? I guess I just thought it
dialog: was peaceful.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Peaceful? Huh? Yeah, I guess it was kind
dialog: of peaceful.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: What kind of Church was it again?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Catholic.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: Are we Catholic?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No, we're not really anything I suppose.
dialog: Truth is, I don’t particularly believe in
dialog: religion myself, think it’s a waste of
dialog: time... But once you get older, you can
dialog: make up your own mind.
text: A sudden GLARE of HEADLIGHTS then floods the kitchen
text: windows, together with the SOUND of a CAR pulling up.
text: Nora’s eyes quickly turn and we notice the change of
dialog: expression.
scene_heading: EXT. HARRIS HOUSEHOLD - NIGHT
text: Just outside the house, the figure of a youngish MAN hops
text: out of an old PICK-UP TRUCK, starts heading for the front
text: door with a bit of a wobbly step.
scene_heading: INT. HARRIS HOUSEHOLD - NIGHT
text: And now CHUCK HARRIS, 35 - Nora’s deadbeat husband and
text: Cathleen’s barely present father - Finally comes through
dialog: the door. Not only that but right from the moment he
dialog: enters, we can already tell there’s no place this guy
dialog: less enjoys being than home.
text: Chuck heads straight for Cathleen, hugging and kissing
text: her. It’s unclear if he’s drunk or not.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hey, hey! Hey baby, how’s my girl, how’s
dialog: daddy's little girl?... What did you do
dialog: today baby, huh?. Did you have a good day
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: Daddy! Where were you! We were waiting
dialog: for you for so long! Where were you!
text: All while Nora just stares with daggers in her eyes..
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: A fair question. Where you been Chuck?
text: Chuck just looks at her and shrugs his shoulders. It’s
text: not a question he cares to answer.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Huh? What do you mean by that? Nowhere in
dialog: particular. Just out, that’s all.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Oh? Cause we’ve been sitting here all day
dialog: waiting on you. You never heard of a
dialog: phone, or...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Nora please, I’m home. And yes, I’ve
dialog: heard of a phone.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Great, you’ve heard of a phone Chuck.
dialog: Great Chuck, that’s just great...
dialog: 10.
text: Chuck heads to the fridge to grab a beer. Then finally
text: turns back to Nora, it’s clear things are about to get
dialog: unpleasant.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What do you want me to say? Something in
dialog: particular you'd like to hear me say?
dialog: Tell me what it is, I don’t give a fuck,
dialog: I’ll say it.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I don’t know, I guess I just want you to
dialog: be a man, that’s all. Be a fucking father-
dialog: Maybe learn how to sacrifice a little....
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Oh gimme a break, you serious with that!?
dialog: I am a man! Christ’sake, I was out, now
dialog: I’m home! Look at me, here I am, HOME!..
dialog: So just drop it, leave me alone!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Drop it!? Seriously!!?... You know what
dialog: just, Fuck you Chuck!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Fuck me? No, fuck you Nora! You know how
dialog: tired I am of this shit! Every single
dialog: time, I gotta hear this all this shit!..
dialog: Well I’m sorry I’m not the person you
dialog: want me to be. I’m fucking HOME!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Not the person I want you to be!? Not the
dialog: person I want you to be!? No, cause
dialog: you’re not even CLOSE!!... You’re the
dialog: WORST, you hear me!! THE WORST!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I was out! THAT’S ALL!! You know what
dialog: forget it, I can’t fucking stay here!
text: Chuck then SMASHES his plate down on the floor, heading
text: back for the door. While Nora herself jumps from the
text: table, suddenly SCREAMING and wildly chasing after him.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Where do you think you’re going! You're
dialog: leaving again!? You can’t do that! You
dialog: can’t keep leaving us, whenever you want!
dialog: You have a daughter for Christ’sake! I
dialog: hate you, you hear me.....
dialog: 11.
text: Finally the door SLAMS leaving Cathleen all alone. The
text: little girl just sits in utter silence, as her parents
text: yell, cry and scream at each other outside. Beat.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED ROAD - AFTERNOON
dialog: It’s now 5 years later, 1957, as we hold on an old and
text: dusty road deep in the middle of Tennessee farmland. Far
text: in the distance we also just make out the sight of TWO
text: FIGURES moving toward us. Too hazy to see their faces,
text: all we really see is their BIG BILLOWING BLACK CLOTHING.
scene_heading: EXT. HARRIS HOUSEHOLD - DAY
text: The late summer sun blazes as a now older Cathleen - 12
text: years old - Stands beside Nora, helping her mom as they
text: hang a load of laundry together.
text: Fussing with a clothes pin, Nora’s eyes then slowly do a
dialog: double take noticing the bizarre sight of these two
scene_heading: ELDERLY NUNS- Sisters GLORIA AND ELEANOR, both 50's -
text: Making their way straight up to her house.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Excuse me? Hey there! Can I help you,
dialog: Sisters?
text: One of the sisters turns and smiles. The other just nods.
speaker_heading: SISTER GLORIA
dialog: Are you Mrs. Harris?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SISTER GLORIA
dialog: My name is Sister Gloria, this is Sister
dialog: Eleanor. We’re from Our Lady of Blessed
text: Sorrows, the Parochial School just up the
dialog: road... You know it?
text: Bewildered, Nora just looks at Cathleen then back at the
dialog: nuns.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Uh, yeah?.... Yeah, I think I know the
dialog: one you mean?
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. HARRIS HOUSEHOLD. LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: A LITTLE LATER in their family living room, Nora
text: scrambles to lay out her best tea seat for the Sisters.
text: While Cathleen sits quietly beside her mother, just
text: staring at the nuns in awe.
speaker_heading: SISTER ELEANOR
dialog: We're very proud to say that it’s the
dialog: nuns, sisters like us, that built the
dialog: Catholic school system in this country.
text: Brick by brick.
text: Nora smiles as she pours them both tea.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: That’s nice.
speaker_heading: SISTER GLORIA
dialog: Your little one is so lovely by the way.
dialog: May I ask how old?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Huh? Oh, Cathleen’s 12. Just getting
dialog: ready to start middle school actually.
text: Nora finally sits down, glancing quietly at a small
text: PAMPHLET on the table. A brochure for the Sisters’
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: Look I appreciate your coming by Sisters,
dialog: I do. But truth is, we’re just not that
dialog: religious... I mean we try to go to
dialog: church when we can, you know like
dialog: everybody else.... But the truth is my
dialog: husband, Cathleen’s father, he left us
dialog: awhile back. So it’s just me taking care
dialog: of the two of us and...
speaker_heading: SISTER GLORIA
dialog: I’m so sorry to hear that Mrs. Harris,
dialog: God cherishes your strength...
speaker_heading: SISTER ELEANOR
dialog: Of course, that can’t be easy... One
dialog: thing you should know though, our doors
dialog: are open to everyone, practicing and non-
dialog: practicing alike.
speaker_heading: SISTER GLORIA
dialog: Our first priority is just to provide an
dialog: exceptional education. Doesn’t every
dialog: child deserve that?
dialog: 13.
text: Nora looks at the brochure again. She then turns to
text: Cathleen still staring mesmerized at these strange women.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Well how much does it cost? I don’t know
dialog: if we can really afford a fancy school
dialog: like this....
text: The two sisters just look at each other and smile.
speaker_heading: SISTER ELEANOR
dialog: That's just it, right now we’re offering
dialog: full scholarships! On a first come basis.
scene_heading: EXT. BLESSED SORROWS - DAY
text: The first day of school has arrived. Along the well
text: groomed grounds, tons of excitable young TEEN and PRETEEN
text: GIRLS bound about the campus in their BLESSED SORROWS
dialog: uniforms.
scene_heading: INT. BLESSED SORROWS. CLASSROOM - DAY
text: Inside a small, traditional 1950s classroom- A billow of
text: fabric then comes drifting along the floor, winding
text: through a row of school desks.
text: Two girls in the back giggle and pass notes, at the same
text: time as an OLDER NUN TEACHER in full habit stops dead
text: center, glances around at them all.
speaker_heading: NUN TEACHER
dialog: Silence girls, silence. So I have a
dialog: question for all of you- How many in this
dialog: room were baptized Catholic?
text: As the majority of girls then immediately shoot up their
text: hands, Cathleen just looks at the ground.
speaker_heading: NUN TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t worry, this isn’t a judgement on
dialog: anyone’s background... The reason I ask,
dialog: is because I’m wondering if any of you
dialog: know what the difference is- Between the
dialog: Catholic religion and all other
dialog: religions? Protestants, Baptists, Jews?
text: A few girls giggle, others roll their eyes and yawn.
text: Before the Teacher finally goes to the board and slowly
text: writes out: “LOVE AND SACRIFICE”
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: NUN TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Love and Sacrifice. Of course there are
dialog: many different ways, that people choose
dialog: to show gratitude to their Lord ... But I
dialog: believe what differentiates the Catholic
dialog: religion, from so many other religions,
dialog: is the full extent we’re willing to go to
dialog: demonstrate our passion... Because if
dialog: there’s one thing we all know for sure,
dialog: there’s just no such thing as true love
dialog: without sacrifice.
text: Seated in back, Cathleen looks up intrigued. As if
text: something about this strange notion appeals to her.
scene_heading: EXT. BLESSED SORROWS - DAY
text: It’s recess hour on another day. Though as all the other
text: girls run and play, Cathleen just sits by herself against
text: a tree. Somewhat of a loner.
text: Another teacher, a rather attractive young nun of roughly
text: 30, then gradually approaches. SISTER MARGARET- Not only
text: one of the ‘cooler’ teachers at school, but a woman whose
text: very presence exudes an ocean of understanding.
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: Hey there. How come you’re sitting all
dialog: alone? You don’t want to join the others?
text: Cathleen suddenly looks up.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Huh? They’re all talking about their
dialog: boyfriends. I don’t have a boyfriend...
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: Oh no? Me neither. I’m told they’re
text: overrated.
text: Cathleen laughs. Sister Margaret winks sweetly and sits
text: down beside her.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARGARET (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m Sister Margaret by the way. You’re
dialog: Cathleen, right? I haven’t had you in my
dialog: class yet, but I’ve noticed you...
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You have?
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: Sure, I noticed you because you’re shy
dialog: like me. You seem to like to be by
dialog: yourself a lot? To think a lot?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: (self-conscious)
dialog: I guess so...
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: It’s okay, I like to be by myself and
dialog: think a lot too.
text: Cathleen just stares at her for a moment.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: You do? About what?
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Probably seems stupid, but mostly about
dialog: God. Whenever I’m alone, I like to sit by
dialog: myself and just contemplate him, wonder
dialog: about him, even love him inside my
dialog: mind... I know a lot of girls at this
dialog: school find that quite silly.
text: Cathleen looks at Sister Margaret so captivated.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: I don’t think it’s silly.
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: You don’t? Well thank you for that.
text: They both laugh. Sister Margaret then quickly stands back
text: up, reaches a hand down to Cathleen.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARGARET (CONT'D)
dialog: Come here, I want to show you something.
dialog: Can I show you something...
scene_heading: INT. BLESSED SORROWS. GENERAL CHAPEL - DAY
text: Now inside the school’s tiny chapel, votive candles
text: illumine the altar, highlighting a tiny WOODEN HOUSE and
text: a HALO of GOLD LIGHT. A TALL STATUE OF CHRIST looms
text: proudly in the corner.
text: The door to the chapel then opens, with Sister Margaret
text: quietly leading Cathleen inside and into a pew. Sister
text: Margaret stares at the altar in a strange sort of
text: reverential silence, then whispers to Cathleen.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: You see that little light in there.
dialog: That's his light, God’s light... And the
dialog: statue behind, that’s the savior of
dialog: course, Jesus Christ.
text: Cathleen just takes it all in.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: I know who they are. But why are you
dialog: showing this to me?
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: Just because someone likes to be alone,
dialog: doesn’t mean they don’t sometimes still
dialog: crave intimacy.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: But you really think God and Jesus are
dialog: real? Like real the way other things are
dialog: real?
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: Of course I do. More than do. Because I’m
dialog: married to them silly. Didn’t you know
dialog: that, all nuns are Brides of Christ.
text: Cathleen now looks at her, so confused.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: Huh? What do you mean? But why, I bet you
dialog: could've married anyone you wanted to?
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: (blushing a little)
dialog: Oh, I’m not so sure about that. And
dialog: either way, I doubt any other
dialog: relationship would’ve been quite as
dialog: fulfilling... It’s twice as hard to love
dialog: God as anybody else. Which for me, means
dialog: my love is twice as worthy.
text: Another SCHOOL BELL chimes in the distance.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARGARET (CONT'D)
dialog: Ooops, I gotta go. Got class.
text: Sister Margaret then gets up, looks down at Cathleen.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARGARET (CONT'D)
dialog: Well come on, you coming?
text: Cathleen thinks it over, turns back to Margaret sweetly.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: If it’s okay by you Sister, maybe I‘11l
dialog: stay a bit. If that’s okay?
text: Margaret nods, then quietly heads out. Cathleen waits,
text: turns again towards the statue and the flame.
scene_heading: INT. BLESSED SORROWS. GENERAL CHAPEL - EVENING
text: MUCH LATER now, the chapel is completely dark and
text: seemingly empty. That is except for Cathleen, who
text: continues to just sit all alone in the pews, unable to
text: take her eyes off the altar.
text: She pauses a moment, then puts her hands together and
text: starts to pray. It’s clear she’s never done this before,
text: but it seems to come naturally.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BLESSED SORROWS. GENERAL CHAPEL - EVENING
text: Before in the exact same position and as if the prayer
dialog: itself had never ended, we see a much OLDER Cathleen-
text: Sitting in the same very pew with the very same rapt look
text: on her face. Though now it’s 1962, and Cathleen 17.
text: An OLD WOMAN seated in a front then starts to walk out of
text: the Chapel, nodding and smiling at Cathleen as she
text: passes, who nods and smiles back.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: ‘Night Cathleen.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: See you later Miss Williams.
scene_heading: INT. HARRIS HOUSEHOLD. LIVING ROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: It’s well before the crack of dawn as Cathleen wanders
text: through her house, trying not to wake Nora. She’s then
text: suddenly startled to discover a STRANGE MAN by himself in
text: their living room, in the middle of pulling up his pants.
text: Shocked, Cathleen just lowers her eyes, tries not to look
text: at the man as she passes.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: Hi.
dialog: 18.
text: Clearly startled, this guy can’t wait to get out of
dialog: there.
scene_heading: NORA’S ONE NIGHT STAND
dialog: Oh hey, how are you?
scene_heading: INT. HARRIS HOUSEHOLD. KITCHEN - EARLY MORNING
text: We hear the sound of the front door SLAM, as Cathleen
text: then enters the kitchen, surprised to discover Nora
text: there, just staring out the window smoking a cigarette as
text: she watches him go.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: Who was he?
text: Nora turns, startled.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Huh? Oh just a friend of mine, that’s
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Another one?
text: Nora just looks at Cathleen and frowns. Beat.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: What are you doing up so early anyway?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: I set my alarm early, so I could go to
text: Mass before school.
text: Slightly taken aback, Nora tries not to show judgement.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Oh?... Oh, okay... You need a ride?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: No, it’s okay. Thanks though.
text: Cathleen then starts to head back down the hall, before
text: Nora thinks it over and calls out to her again.
speaker_heading: NORA (0.C)
dialog: Hey Cathleen...
text: She comes back, stopping in the threshold.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You’re not, ummmm.... Getting too into
dialog: God and all that, are you?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: Huh? What do you mean?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I don’t know? I guess I just mean there’s
dialog: more to life than, you know, praying and
dialog: going to church and all that... You do
dialog: know that, right honey?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: (unconvincing)
dialog: Yeah, of course, I know.
scene_heading: INT. BLESSED SORROWS. GENERAL CHAPEL - DAY
text: In the Chapel again, Cathleen returns to her daily
dialog: practice of just sitting in church, meditating in the
text: pews. We hold on her like this for a LONG moment. Before
text: gradually a feeling comes over her, and she slowly turns
text: almost as if called by something, to look toward the
scene_heading: STATUE OF CHRIST.
text: Barely even blinking, Cathleen then rises from the pews
text: and begins to walk straight to the statue.
text: Moments later as she now stands face to face with it, she
text: looks straight into Christ’s eyes, while his seem to look
text: back at hers, and almost as if she and the statue are
text: sharing their own secret conversation. Cathleen takes a
text: deep breath, tears begin to well in her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. BLESSED SORROWS. TEACHER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sitting across the desk from Sister Margaret in her
text: office, Cathleen seems almost breathless as she tries to
dialog: explain.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: I decided something today Sister. I
dialog: decided I want to give myself to God. I
dialog: want to be married to God like you. I
dialog: want to be a nun.
text: Sister Margaret looks shocked for a minute, then smiles.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: Really? You're serious?... I didn’t
dialog: realize you’d even been thinking about it
dialog: so seriously Cathleen?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: I was in the chapel the other day,
dialog: praying like I always do, when suddenly
dialog: this feeling came over me. Something I’ve
dialog: never felt before. Like this presence all
dialog: around me, telling me, telling me...
text: Sister Margaret continues looking at her, searching her
text: eyes.
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: Telling you to be a nun...?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: I think so...
text: Sister Margaret smiles.
scene_heading: SISTER MARGARET
dialog: So many girls your age pray and pray for
dialog: a vocation that never comes. If it really
dialog: was His voice calling you, consider
dialog: yourself very lucky.
text: Cathleen just smiles, starting to blush.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARGARET (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re such a passionate girl, you remind
dialog: me of myself at your age.... I’m happy
dialog: for you Cathleen. I think you’re making
dialog: the right decision.
scene_heading: INT. HARRIS HOUSEHOLD. LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Later in the night Nora and Cathleen are now alone in
text: their living room. Cathleen just watches as Nora paces
text: back and forth, seeming about to explode.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: A nun!? What are you talking about, a
dialog: nun!? That’s just fucking crazy Cathleen,
dialog: where is this even coming from!?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: I knew you wouldn't understand! It’s fine
dialog: if you don’t understand...
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: It’s not that I don’t understand, it’s
dialog: just that it’s the stupidest thing I’ve
dialog: ever heard!! You’re telling me you want
dialog: to go throw your life away in some
dialog: convent and you expect me to understand!?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: But it’s not throwing my life away! It’s
dialog: not throwing my life away!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You think I wanted this!? You think I
dialog: wanted to be a single mother like this!?
dialog: I did the best I could! I tried!?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: What does that have anything to do with
dialog: it! This decision doesn’t have anything
dialog: to do with that! It just has to do...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: With what!? Jesus Christ, what the fuck
dialog: Cathleen!? What does it have to do with!?
dialog: What is this all about!?
text: Cathleen suddenly looks like she’s about to cry.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: I’m in love, okay, I’m in love!!! And I
dialog: really don’t care if you understand it or
dialog: not!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: In love!? With who, with what!? I don’t
dialog: get it!?
text: Now Cathleen just stares at the ground in silence, before
text: it all suddenly dawns on Nora.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: With God? Oh my God, you're in love with
dialog: God!? But I don’t get it, that doesn’t
dialog: even make any sense!?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: Mom I’m sorry, but I was called and I’m
dialog: going to be a nun and there’s nothing you
dialog: can do to stop me! I wish you could just
dialog: be happy for me!
text: But Nora just stares at Cathleen, baffled. Before her
text: voice then suddenly gets much, much, much quieter.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Cathleen, you’re a 17 year old girl...
dialog: You don’t know anything about religion,
dialog: and you for sure don’t know anything
dialog: about love... You want to know what I
dialog: think? I think you’re about to make the
dialog: biggest mistake of your life.
text: Still barely holding back the tears, Cathleen just stares
text: at Nora for a long time. She then turns and walks
text: straight out of the room. Feeling completely lost from
text: her daughter, Nora shakes her head. Beat.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: OVER BLACK.
text: Returning to the black, we again hear the sound of a far
text: off and tolling BELL. As if calling us somewhere.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - DAWN
text: Before back within the hushed confines of the chapel of
text: the Sisters of Beloved Rose, the same faceless Nun sits
text: knelt before the altar, consumed again in her intimate
dialog: secret prayers.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Why are you doing this? Why are you doing
dialog: this? I don’t understand it?.... Someone
dialog: gives you their whole life, makes every
dialog: kind of conceivable kind of sacrifice....
dialog: And this is what I get?
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT GROUNDS - DAWN
text: Along the lush and manicured grounds of the convent, a
text: set-up that looks a lot more like a posh boarding school
dialog: than some cold isolated monastery - A whole community of
text: NUNS wander all throughout, busying themselves about
dialog: their day. And it really does feel like a whole world in
text: and of itself. A secret society of women on their own,
dialog: that couldn’t be more self-sufficient or self-contained.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENT MEETING ROOM - DAY
text: At the same time inside the convent’s large and well
text: appointed meeting room, a group of about 20 YOUNG GIRLS,
text: most of them fresh out of school, all sit around
text: whispering and waiting.
dialog: 23.
dialog: As a matter of fact these are all the order’s new
text: POSTULANTS, including Cathleen, who’ve just arrived to
text: begin the first stage of their training as nuns.
text: Lingering around the front keeping an eye on them all,
text: are also 3 older sisters- SISTER MARY GRACE, 30. SISTERS
text: ANNE and KATE, 27 - They try and keep the room quiet,
text: giving an occasional “Shhhhh”....
text: Before all out of nowhere the room falls silent. And just
scene_heading: as none other than REVEREND MOTHER MARIE SAINT CLARE, 56-
text: A frank, tough as nails clergy woman of the old style,
text: who occasionally lets her under developed emotions get
text: the better of her- Finally enters. Reverend Mother
text: quietly makes her way to the front of the room, flanked
text: by her most loyal lieutenant, Sister Genevieve. Her mere
text: presence so halting and domineering, as to already put
dialog: the fear of God in these girls.
text: Now Reverend Mother just stands at the head of the room,
text: looking over all the girls. She remains DEAD SILENT for
text: such a strangely long time, no one quite sure why....
text: Before finally another BELL chimes, at which point
text: Reverend Mother immediately relaxes and smiles.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Good afternoon all of you. My name is
dialog: Reverend Mother Marie St. Clare. You can
dialog: call me Reverend Mother, or simply Mother
dialog: if you prefer that instead.... I’m also
dialog: the Mother Superior, or Abbess, of this
dialog: particular Order of Sisters of Beloved
dialog: Rose. I myself have been a Rose nearly 40
dialog: years now. Meaning some 40 years ago, I
dialog: first walked through those gates as a
dialog: Postulant- same as all of you- Now 40
dialog: years later, I’ve not once set foot
dialog: outside those gates since...
text: She pauses looking around at all the girls. We watch
text: Cathleen’s eyes lower, trying to avoid her gaze.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: So what is my role, my job here
dialog: exactly?.... Well as far as all of you
dialog: are concerned- You might consider me like
dialog: the voice of God around here... Meaning
dialog: that unfortunately, since God can’t be
dialog: here to run this convent Himself- My
dialog: voice will serve as a stand in for His.
dialog: And whenever you hear this very voice
dialog: speak from my mouth- You can expect it’s
dialog: on behalf of his wishes.
dialog: 24.
text: She pauses again, making sure they all heard it.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Now during the next 2 and a half years of
dialog: your training to become nuns here, I
dialog: personally will be separating the wheat
dialog: from the chafe, determining which of you
dialog: actually belong. As opposed to which are
text: simply the victims of a childish
dialog: imagination.... And that’s because here
dialog: in this room, in this monastery- God is
dialog: not a fantasy to us. Not a daydream, not
dialog: a fantasy. And he’s certainly not your
dialog: invisible best friend either.... To the
dialog: contrary, God is work. Hard work. The
dialog: work of a very special kind of love,
dialog: you’re all going to be trained in.
text: Turning to look at all the girls, we see a multitude of
text: intimidated faces.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: So you'll be spending your first 6 months
dialog: as postulants. After that, and for those
dialog: of you who make it- You’1l be invited to
dialog: take your very first vows, in your first
dialog: temporary marriage to Christ- And enter
dialog: the Novitiate... However and as a rule,
dialog: we make a point never to discuss the
dialog: Novitiate until we’ve been through it
dialog: ourselves. So for now, you’ll just have
dialog: to wait.
text: Cathleen looks up, so curious by the notion of the
text: Novitiate. As all the girls are.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER(CONT’D)
dialog: Finally, let’s talk about silence for a
dialog: moment. Because we observe two types of
dialog: silence here: Regular Silence and Grand
dialog: Silence... Now during regular silence, if
dialog: you find you need to speak for whatever
dialog: reason. That’s permissible... However and
dialog: starting at 9pm each night, when you hear
text: that last bell signifying the start of
dialog: Grande Silence. That means you - Don’t.
dialog: Talk. Period.
text: We hear a general nervous MURMUR throughout the room.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Are there any questions?
dialog: 25.
text: The room is then deadened, nobody daring to speak. Before
text: some brave young girl in the back raises her hand.
text: However and instead of calling on her, Reverend Mother
text: just looks at the girl blankly for an extremely long
dialog: time. Beat. It’s awkward.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Put your hand down sister, postulants
dialog: don’t have questions. And you are free to
dialog: go home.
text: She then turns backs to the group as a whole.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Now, when you return to your cells later
dialog: this evening...
scene_heading: INT. POSTULANT DORMITORY. MAIN HALL -— DAWN
text: Gazing down the empty hallway in the Postulant dormitory,
text: all is quiet- Before suddenly SISTER ANNE together with
text: SISTER KATE, take the same wooden CLAPPER and start
text: clapping and rattling all the way down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. POSTULANT’S CELLS - MORNING
text: A couple of the new POSTULANTS- Sisters SISSY and EVELYN-
text: immediately jolt from sleep, practically falling out of
text: bed and straight onto the floor. They then fumble through
text: their prayers, fighting back the intermittent slew of
text: sighs and yawns.
scene_heading: INT. CATHLEEN’S CELL - MORNING
text: Meanwhile in Cathleen’s cell, she herself is already wide
text: awake, fully dressed in her new POSTULANT UNIFORM, and
text: waiting on the edge of her bed. As if so determined to
dialog: not be late, she literally stayed up all night.
text: Cathleen adjusts and readjusts herself a couple times,
text: before the clapper then finally makes its way to her
text: door. Now she too drops and heads for the floor.
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 26.
scene_heading: INT. NOVITIATE DORMITORY. STAIRCASE - MORNING
text: Almost afraid to look back at them, Sister Mary Grace now
text: leads a sleepy, clumsy, confused and out of step
dialog: procession of all these girls down the staircase in the
text: postulant dorm. They all keep tripping and stumbling over
text: each other, while Mary Grace just shakes her head.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL ANTEROOM - MORNING
text: As the procession at last reaches the entrance to the
text: chapel, Mary Grace pauses them all, silently indicating
text: that it’s time to put on their veils. All the girls then
text: start digging in their pockets at once, hurrying to get
text: the veils out fast, struggling to figure out how to tie
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - MORNING
text: With the entire community of Roses there and waiting, the
text: full Postulant precession finally enters the chapel,
text: every head turning and looking at them curiously.
text: Mary Grace leads them all to their assigned pews, each
text: girl stopping to genuflect before the altar before taking
text: their seat. All while Reverend Mother sits in her own
text: pew, watching each girl carefully.
text: MOMENTS LATER Mass has begun, with the Priest softly
text: whispering.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Oreta... Glory be to the Father, to the
dialog: Son, the Holy Spirit...
text: The entire congregation then lowers heads to pray. Except
text: for Cathleen who can’t help but steal a glance toward the
text: altar, where all the Novices are now receiving communion.
text: Cathleen watches in awe, then returns to prayer.
scene_heading: EXT. REFECTORY - DAY
text: An endless line of NUNS stand outside the convent’s
text: refectory (dining hall), with the entire community
text: waiting to enter for lunch single file.
text: As each woman then steps to the front of the line, we see
text: Reverend Mother herself perched beside the door, so
text: formally and perfunctorily greeting every sister as they
dialog: pass.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: NUN IN LINE
dialog: Good afternoon Reverend Mother. Praise
dialog: the Lord.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Now and forever. God Bless Sister.
text: And so on and so forth. We then slowly PAN back to the
text: far end of the line, to see Cathleen just waiting her
dialog: turn.
scene_heading: INT. REFECTORY - DAY
text: A little LATER inside the dining hall, rows upon rows of
text: old wooden tables trace the room’s perimeter, where each
text: group of sisters all sit according to rank.
text: At the same time, the entire room stands waiting in
text: silence. While Sister Genevieve provides the community a
text: reading before the meal.
speaker_heading: SISTER GENEVIEVE
dialog: Totally love Him. Him, who gave Himself
dialog: totally for your love. He Christ is the
text: splendor of eternal glory. The brightness
text: of eternal light. The mirror without
dialog: cloud.
text: We again hold on Cathleen, as she continues to listen and
dialog: pray.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENT MEETING ROOM - DAY
text: All together in a tight circle, the entire group of new
text: postulants surround SISTER MARY GRACE- Whom we ourselves
text: now recognize to be an incredibly warm, kind, almost
dialog: progressive feeling young woman. To such a point in fact,
text: it’s hard to reconcile how her personality conforms to
dialog: that of a nun.
text: Mary Grace just smiles at all the girls, trying to make
dialog: each one feel welcome. All while her two main
text: subordinates, Sisters Anne and Kate who themselves seem a
text: lot less welcoming, stand behind and watch.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: I haven’t really had a chance to formally
dialog: introduce myself yet. But I’m Sister Mary
dialog: Grace and I will be your Postulant
dialog: Mistress for the next 6 months. Perhaps
dialog: even your Novice Mistress after that...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, and these are Sisters Anne and Sister
dialog: Catherine, Kate. Both first year
dialog: professed, both just took their final
dialog: VOWS...
text: (she smiles toward the girls)
dialog: We’re so very proud of them....
dialog: Anyway all of us, all 3 of us, are really
dialog: just here to help guide you, as you start
dialog: to adapt to our way of life here... And
dialog: I’m sure it’s all going to feel very
dialog: different at first. That’s okay, that’s
dialog: normal... I know when I first came here,
dialog: everything seemed so strange, I didn’t
dialog: think I'd ever truly make it as a nun...
dialog: But please don’t worry. Just do the best
dialog: you can. I’m sure you’re all going to do
dialog: great...
text: We notice reactions of all the girls, they all seem so
text: comforted by her, even a bit enamored.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D)
dialog: So the first thing we should go over is
dialog: the schedule... Postulants usually have
dialog: the same schedule everyday. And really
dialog: the most important thing, is you pay
text: close attention to the bell. Because
dialog: really everything we do here, all day
dialog: long, all comes down to the bell...
text: Mary Grace smiles once more as the sound of another BELL
text: is heard. At the same time as music drifts in...
speaker_heading: MONTAGE UP:
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - MORNING
text: Following behind a faceless nun, we pick up Sister Anne
text: as she crosses, quickly looking up toward the steeple as
text: the bell continues.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (0.S.)
dialog: So the first bell you’1l hear each
text: morning is the 5am bell.
scene_heading: INT. SISTER CANDACE’S ROOM - MORNING
text: Alone in her cell, Sister Candace so intensely and
text: passionately whispers her morning prayer to Christ.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Oh Lord, through the immaculate heart of
dialog: Mary, I offer you my prayers, works and
dialog: sufferings throughout this day.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (0.S.)
dialog: That’s the bell that let’s us all know
dialog: it’s time to get up, get dressed, get
dialog: ready for morning Mass....
scene_heading: INT. SISTER CHARLOTTE’S ROOM —- MORNING
text: As Charlotte too, kneels by the side of her bed saying
text: the same prayer, soon the two sisters’ voices are joined.
text: Followed by more and more voices, creating an ongoing
text: chorus of collective whispered prayer.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - MORNING
text: A single line of NOVICES march together through the
dialog: morning light, and all in such perfect military
text: precision, towards the chapel.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - MORNING
text: As the whole community is gathered again for Mass, the
text: priest, FATHER LUCA, begins to recite the service in
dialog: LATIN....
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (0.S.)
text: Mass begins once Father Luca arrives.
dialog: Father always keeps his back to us the
dialog: whole time, and he always reads the
dialog: liturgy in Latin...
text: Turning into the pews, we then see sisters Emily, Evelyn
dialog: and Candace all sharing the same Latin/English
text: TRANSLATION BIBLE - The poor girls are desperately trying
text: to figure out what Father Luca is actually saying.
scene_heading: EXT. REFECTORY - AFTERNOON
text: A small group of NUNS stand completely silent and staring
text: up towards the steeple and bell. Once the bell finally
text: rings again, they all turn to each other and start
text: laughing and chatting away.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (0.S.)
dialog: After daily chores, you'll hear the third
dialog: bell of the morning. That’s how you'll
dialog: know that Grand Silence is over...
scene_heading: EXT. REFECTORY - AFTERNOON
text: The same long line of nuns stand single file outside the
text: dining hall. Each sister stopping to formally greet
text: Reverend Mother, before entering inside for lunch.
scene_heading: INT. REFECTORY - AFTERNOON
text: Again in the refectory, all the sisters stand before
text: their plates, silently listening to the morning reading.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (0.S.)
dialog: As you probably noticed, all our meals
dialog: begin with a reading. And even though
dialog: it’s after Grand Silence, we do try and
dialog: remain as quiet as possible during
dialog: meals...
text: At the same time and as the reading continues, we notice
text: one young NOVICE strangely step away from her table,
text: slowly walk to the center of the room and lay herself
text: prostrate on the floor.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (0.S.)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh and sometimes, you might see some of
text: the novices doing their own penances in
dialog: the refectory. Probably best to just
dialog: ignore it, at least until you’re novices
dialog: yourselves.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT GROUNDS - AFTERNOON
text: Somewhere along the convent grounds, another group of
text: NOVICES all struggle together to carry an enormous SIX
text: FOOT WOODEN CROSS, all lunging, one leg in front of the
text: other, across the courtyard. It is an unbearably arduous
dialog: looking task.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (0.S.)
dialog: Everyday after the 3pm bell, is when we
dialog: have our lessons together...
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 31.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - AFTERNOON
text: As all the postulant sit behind small wooden desks in the
text: convent classroom, Mary Grace wanders through all the
text: desks, teaching them all SIGN LANGUAGE.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: As you probably remember, Reverend Mother
dialog: made it very clear that we are not to
dialog: speak during Grand Silence... So let’s
dialog: practice a little of our sign language,
dialog: shall we....
text: The girls then all quickly open the little SIGN LANGUAGE
text: BOOKLETS on their desks, with Mary Grace looking over all
text: their shoulders, helping them all.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - DAY
text: Another BELL, before we look out to the courtyard and see
text: all the postulant girls take off in flight!! Running like
text: kids, laughing and chasing each other in a game of tag.
text: At the same time Cathleen, somewhere off from the others,
text: sits alone in the colonnade and reading the bible. She
text: hears the joyful SHRIEK of all her postulant mates
text: playing, turns and looks for a moment, then immediately
text: goes back to her studying.
scene_heading: INT. SISTER CANDACE'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: We then return once more to Sister Candace, and her
text: ceaseless, repetitious, but deeply passionate praying. We
text: hold on her like this, as the music gradually fades...
text: HARD TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: INT. REV. MOTHER’S HOUSE. HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Inside a long hallway within the Motherhouse, we follow
text: the billowing habit of another faceless NUN.
scene_heading: INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - SAME TIME
text: Alone in her private office, Reverend Mother sits at her
text: desk reading scripture to herself. Before suddenly
text: there’s a knock at the door and Sister Genevieve peeks
text: her head in, a small PACKAGE in her hands.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 32.
speaker_heading: SISTER GENEVIEVE (0.S.)
dialog: Excuse me Reverend Mother, sorry to
dialog: bother you. But you just received another
dialog: package from the Archdiocese...
text: Reverend Mother then looks up a bit surprised.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: May I have it please, Sister.
text: Genevieve hands her the package, as Reverend Mother
text: carefully unpacks a large stack of DOCUMENTS from a small
scene_heading: ENVELOPE.
text: As she then slowly starts glancing over all the papers,
text: it becomes clear that there’s something rather sensitive
dialog: about the content of these documents. Reverend Mother
text: looks back up at Genevieve.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: That'll be all, thank you Sister.
text: Waiting for Genevieve to leave, she starts flipping
text: through the papers again- Clearly unnerved by whatever it
dialog: is she’s reading. This package is a problem.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL GROUNDS - DAY
text: A beautiful sunny afternoon as all the postulants lay
text: together in a field of grass, surrounding Sister Mary
text: Grace. Sister Evelyn also in the midst of explaining...
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: My mother always said at least one child
dialog: should be sacrificed. Even though I come
dialog: from a big family I’m still the only girl
dialog: of 5 brothers, so I guess it was pretty
dialog: obvious which one of us was gonna end up
dialog: becoming a nun... I’m happy about it
dialog: though. I’m just so proud to be here,
dialog: showing all my devotion. I don’t care how
dialog: hard it’s supposed to be, I just can’t
dialog: wait til’ we all get into the Novitiate
dialog: and get to wear those white veils.
text: Some of the other girls smile and nod, as Mary Grace
text: turns back to the group.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Thank you sister. Okay, who’s next...
text: Sister Emily then immediately raises her hand.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: Well as for me, I had two cousins, and
dialog: one older sister that all chose the
dialog: Sisterhood. So in a way, I guess you
dialog: could say it’s kind of in my blood...
dialog: Matter of fact my great aunt was even
dialog: once named Mother General for the whole
dialog: entire state of Texas...
text: Emily smiles proudly, as many of the other girls look
dialog: impressed.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY (CONT’D)
dialog: Pretty much as far back as I can
dialog: remember, all I wanted was just to follow
dialog: in all their footsteps...
dialog: (somewhat in jest)
dialog: Who knows, maybe even one day die young
dialog: and become a saint!
text: There’s a bit of laughter through the crowd, even Mary
text: Grace can’t help but laugh. She glances around again,
text: before her eyes land on Cathleen.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: And what about you Sister Cathleen? Did
dialog: you always know you wanted to be a nun?
text: Cathleen looks self-conscious.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Me? No. I mean.... I wasn’t actually
dialog: raised in the church, so...
text: Now all eyes turn and everybody stares at Cathleen.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: What? What do you mean you weren’t raised
dialog: in the church? Aren’t you Catholic?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I don’t know? No, I guess not in the same
dialog: way everyone else is...
speaker_heading: SISTER CHARLOTTE
dialog: Well what are you even doing here then?
text: A bunch of the other girls start giggling.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: (scolding)
dialog: Shhh, Sister Candace, please... Ladies,
dialog: come on....
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: (so shyly)
dialog: No, it’s okay, it’s okay... I went to
dialog: Catholic school, so that’s where I first
dialog: learned about the sisterhood... I never
dialog: planned on being a nun. I just... I just
dialog: thought it seemed like such a beautiful
dialog: idea, to be able to spend my whole entire
dialog: life devoted to love... I just thought a
dialog: life like that, seemed worth every
dialog: sacrifice.
text: A few girls continue to snicker, while others seems quite
text: taken if not admiring of Cathleen’s sincerity.
scene_heading: INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Seated across from Reverend Mother in her office, Mary
text: Grace waits awkwardly in silence- All while Reverend
text: Mother’s attention is completely buried in the same stack
dialog: of DOCUMENTS we saw before. In fact Reverend Mother
text: barely even looks up, as she asks her.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: So how are the new postulants? Any I
dialog: should be thinking about sending home?
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Huh? No, it’s the opposite actually....
text: She pauses to see if Reverend Mother might give up some
text: of her attention. Not finding it, she continues.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ve really been so impressed with them
text: as a group. They all seem so excited and
dialog: full of energy. So passionate about
dialog: really discovering their relationships
dialog: with Christ... I’d be lying if I were to
dialog: say their enthusiasm didn’t make me a bit
dialog: jealous.
text: At this Reverend Mother seems to glance up, but only
dialog: briefly.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Well, that’s good.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Sorry, what is that you’re reading?
dialog: 35.
text: Reverend Mother finally slides the documents to the side,
text: turning more directly to Mary Grace.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: This? It’s a memorandum. Sent over by the
dialog: Archdiocese the other day. Regarding
dialog: something called, Vatican II.
text: All while Mary Grace just looks at her confused.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Vatican what? What is that?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: From what I understand, our Pope’s
text: suddenly gotten it in his head to try and
dialog: turn himself into some sort of
dialog: “reformer”... He’s organized some new
dialog: council in Rome- Bishops, Cardinals,
dialog: Theologians- To discuss how the church
dialog: needs to change, be more in step with the
dialog: new era of the 1960s....
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Really? Meaning what exactly?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Meaning, I guess he thinks we've all
text: grown a bit outmoded.
text: Mary Grace suddenly looks a bit excited by this.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Really, wow... But that’s a good thing
dialog: though, don’t you think? The church
dialog: hasn't reviewed any of its practices in
dialog: over a 100 years, maybe longer... Isn’t
dialog: it a good thing?
text: All while Reverend Mother just looks at her so steely.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Really? You think the church needs to
dialog: change? Are you questioning me?
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: (caught off guard)
dialog: You? No, of course not Mother. I just...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I guess I disagree. I happen to think the
dialog: church is perfect exactly the way it is.
text: Mary Grace looks towards the papers again.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Well what kind of reforms are they
dialog: talking about exactly? Is that what’s in
dialog: the memo? Can I see?
text: Reverend Mother quickly slides the documents out of
dialog: reach.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: It’s really not important. I guarantee
dialog: you this will all blow over very soon...
dialog: Certainly, nothing for you to concern
dialog: yourself over, Mary Grace.
text: She then finally shoves the documents in a drawer,
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: You were saying, about the new
dialog: postulants....
scene_heading: INT. POSTULANT CLASSROOM - DAY
text: The Postulants all stand gathered around Sister Anne, in
text: the midst of demonstrating “how to walk” to them. As she
dialog: speaks, we also notice that Sister Anne, like Sister
text: Kate, is a bit meaner and less tolerant than Mary Grace.
speaker_heading: SISTER ANNE
dialog: Everybody pay attention! I’m going to
dialog: show you how we walk. It’s called,
dialog: ‘Custody of the eyes’...
text: Sister Anne then begins to walk in a straight line,
text: demonstrating the specific posture to perfection.
speaker_heading: SISTER ANNE (CONT’D)
dialog: You put your hands inside your sleeve
dialog: like this. Always go slowly, gracefully,
dialog: never ever in a hurry... Most important
dialog: is you keep your eyes down. Make sure
dialog: you’re always looking straight ahead at
dialog: the floor in front of you.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Why?
text: Sister Anne then stops dead in her tracks, turns and
text: glares at Candace.
speaker_heading: SISTER ANNE
dialog: Excuse me?
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Why do we have to walk like that? I mean,
dialog: what if we can’t see where we’re going?
text: A few GIGGLES erupt from the group.
speaker_heading: SISTER ANNE
dialog: Shhh! Not that it’s your place to
dialog: question anything sister... But it’s a
dialog: part of our discipline. We keep our eyes
dialog: down to show God how focused we are on
dialog: always giving him our full attention.
text: Anne then looks around, motioning to Sisters Emily and
dialog: Charlotte.
speaker_heading: SISTER KATE
dialog: You two, come here...
text: The two girls look at each other, then immediately hurry
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: SISTER KATE (CONT’D)
dialog: And stand face to face...
text: Emily and Charlotte then stand face to face.
speaker_heading: SISTER KATE (CONT’D)
dialog: Now both of you, look each other in the
text: eyes.
text: Reluctant at first the girls do as their told. At first
text: just looking, then gradually staring more directly and
text: intimately into each other’s eyes. It’s tense and
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SISTER KATE (CONT’D)
dialog: What just happened?
speaker_heading: SISTER CHARLOTTE
dialog: I started thinking about her.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: Yeah, I started thinking about her too...
speaker_heading: SISTER KATE
dialog: Exactly. We’re not supposed to think
dialog: about each other. We’re only supposed to
dialog: be think about God. Because even though
dialog: this is a community, we’re not here for
dialog: each other... We are here only for God.
text: We hold on Cathleen, quietly taking it all in.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: EXT. REFECTORY COLONNADE - DUSK
text: The sun begins to set over the convent, as we find
text: Cathleen alone in the courtyard, so diligently,
text: attentively, practicing her Custody of the Eyes. Her
text: concentration is almost spooky, as we hear her voice
dialog: whisper in...
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (0.S)
dialog: I love you God. I love you so much more
dialog: than I ever thought I could love anything
dialog: in my life. I love you so much more than
dialog: myself even...
scene_heading: INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S CELL - EVENING
text: Before we find Cathleen all alone in her cell, knelt on
text: the floor beside her bed so intimately praying out loud.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Thank you Lord for letting me be here.
dialog: Thank you for letting me love you like
dialog: this. Thank you for letting me feel you
dialog: so close to me....
text: As she continues to whisper, we notice her breathing
text: become heavier and heavier. A strange intensity to it.
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY RECEPTION AREA - AFTERNOON
text: Inside the convent’s family waiting area, Nora sits
text: beside a number of other PARENTS, all very wholesome
text: looking married couples. She seems nervous already, her
dialog: first visit since Cathleen left home. Not too mention
dialog: being the only single parent doesn’t help.
text: A DOOR at the back of the room then opens, as another set
text: of PARENTS step out. A NUN on duty then motions to Nora
text: that it’s her turn to enter.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ONE ON ONE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: As she’s now brought into the adjoining room, Nora looks
text: up surprised to see a large METAL GRATE running down the
text: center of the room, with Cathleen there waiting on the
text: other side. It’s an eerie sort of set up, not unlike what
dialog: you might expect to find in a prison.
dialog: 39.
text: Cathleen and Nora smile awkwardly between the grate, it’s
text: a strange sort of reunion, both of them having missed
text: each other so much, neither of them knowing quite what to
text: say. They sit down.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Wow, this is the first time I’ve seen you
dialog: in your ‘outfit’...
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I know... Do you like it?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: You look like a real nun.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I do, thanks.... But I’m not a real nun
dialog: yet. Not yet.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (indicating the grate)
dialog: What’s with this by the way? This thing
dialog: here... It’s like a prison or something?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Nothing. It’s just the way they do it. A
dialog: symbol of our enclosure.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Enclosure? What’s that supposed to mean?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Nothing. Never mind.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: So how are you? You like it here? How is
dialog: it, are you happy?
text: Cathleen smiles.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I am, yeah... I don’t know how to
dialog: describe it, but I am happy. I feel like
dialog: I really belong here.
text: Now Nora looks disappointed, this is clearly not the
dialog: answer she was hoping for.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I guess that means you’re planning on
dialog: staying then?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: You plan on staying on to take those vows-
dialog: What’s it called again, the nova, novi--
dialog: 2?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Novitiate. It’s just a temporary vow we
dialog: take for two years, to find out if we
dialog: really ready to be married to God for...
dialog: forever... But Mom, I’m pretty sure I’m
dialog: going to be here my whole life.
text: Now Nora just can’t take it anymore.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Jesus Christ Cathleen, what the hell did
dialog: I do wrong?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Mom, please.... You promised.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Sorry, I’m sorry, sorry.... I just still
dialog: don’t understand what you’re doing here?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: It's okay, you don’t have to. I’m just
dialog: happy to see you.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I’m happy to see you too.
dialog: Beat.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Anyway, how have you been?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Fine, good. I picked up a couple extra
text: shifts at work recently, just trying to
dialog: keep busy I guess. I don’t really know
dialog: what else to do with myself, you know. I
dialog: mostly just miss you so much.
text: Cathleen suddenly looks a bit struck by this, like she
dialog: didn’t quite realize it would hurt so much.
dialog: Beat.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: And what about Dad? You heard anything
dialog: from Dad?
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You're father? Not really... Your grandma
dialog: called. Said he’d been sick or something?
dialog: Maybe that’s why you probably haven't
dialog: heard from him.... You want me to track
dialog: him down, see if he’ll come visit? I’m
dialog: sure he wants to see you.
text: Cathleen thinks about it, then shakes her head.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: It's okay, don’t bother. I’1l just pray
dialog: for him, it’s fine... Anyway, I kind of
dialog: have to go now.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (instantly heartbroken)
dialog: What, what do you mean you have to go? We
dialog: have ten more minutes.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I know but it’s kind of a busy day, so...
dialog: Maybe we can spend more time together
dialog: next time...
text: Cathleen then begins to get up.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Wait! Wait! Cathleen, can you just,
dialog: wait...
text: Cathleen pauses, just looking at her.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I... Can I just touch your hand for a
dialog: minute... Just for a minute, if that’s
dialog: okay...
text: Nora then moves her hand up along the grate, holding it
text: out for Cathleen. Cathleen thinks about it a moment, just
text: looks at her sadly.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I’m sorry mom, but we’re really not
dialog: supposed to touch like that... I’m sorry.
dialog: I really have to go now though.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Okay, but, Cathleen... Listen I love you,
dialog: okay?
text: Cathleen barely pauses before heading out the door.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: It's good to see you. Thanks for coming.
text: She then walks straight out, leaving Nora completely
text: crestfallen by the encounter.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT GRAVEYARD - AFTERNOON
text: Far off along the convent grounds, Sisters Sissy and
text: Candace race around through a CEMETERY, laughing and
text: chasing each other like overactive schoolgirls.
text: MOMENTS LATER they wander together, Sissy pausing to read
text: some of the grave stones.
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: Can’t believe all the sisters that died
dialog: here. You think we’re going to die here
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: That's the point, isn’t it. I want to die
dialog: here. I want to die here, cause I know
dialog: it’s the closest place on earth to get to
dialog: Heaven.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: I guess I just didn’t realize it was
dialog: really going to be like this.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: That we’d really be spending our whole
dialog: entire lives here, never ever going home
dialog: again. We won’t even be able to go to our
dialog: parents’ funerals.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Who cares, they’1ll be dead already, so
dialog: it’s not like they’1l notice... Don’t you
dialog: think just knowing he knows we’re here
dialog: for him, knowing we’re so much more
dialog: special to him, than anybody else- Don’t
dialog: you think that makes it worth it?
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: (unsure)
dialog: I guess.
dialog: 42.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Well, why’d you want to come here then?
text: Sissy suddenly looks a bit embarrassed.
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: Audrey Hepburn.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Huh? What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: Audrey Hepburn. I wanted to be a nun
dialog: because of Sister Gabrielle, in The Nun’s
dialog: Story... She was just so perfect and holy
dialog: and beautiful and everything... I just
dialog: wanted to be like her.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - EVENING
text: All alone in the back of the darkened chapel, we find
text: Sister Mary Grace lost in thought. Looking more closely
text: she seems a bit stressed, if not silently stricken by
text: something. She tries to pray, but for some reason just
text: can’t. Tries to pray again, but still can’t. Finally she
text: just stares off into space, searching for the answer to
dialog: something.
scene_heading: INT. POSTULANT HALLWAY - EVENING
text: Along the floor of the Postulant hallway, Cathleen and
text: Sister Sissy now sit together whispering.
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: I guess i’m just not sure if I really
dialog: feel it, you know?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Feel what?
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: My relationship with him, whatever we’re
dialog: supposed to feel? Like I can’t tell if
dialog: he’s really there and I’m really
dialog: communicating with him, or if it’s all
dialog: just all in my head....
text: Cathleen stares into Sissy’s eyes so compassionately.
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY (CONT’D)
dialog: You feel him, right? What does he feel
dialog: like to you?
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I don’t know? Just like a presence,
dialog: that’s all. Like a really warm and
text: comforting presence. Like falling asleep
text: in a parents’ arms.
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: RM says we can’t fake our relationship
dialog: with him, because even if no one else
dialog: does, he’1l still know and he’1l shun us
dialog: for it... But what if I’m faking and I
dialog: don’t even realize?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Don’t worry, I don’t think you are.
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: How come?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Because if I can feel him here with me
dialog: right now, that means he must be here
dialog: with you too.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - MORNING
text: The entire community of Roses is once again gathered for
text: Mass. The priest beckons all the sisters to pray, as we
text: watch a sea of black heads all bow at once.
scene_heading: INT. SISTER MARY GRACE’S CELL - NIGHT
text: Later in the evening, Mary Grace returns to her cell.
text: Carefully removing her veil, she shakes loose all her
text: tangled hair, then plops down on a chair, staring
text: vacantly into space.
text: She remains frozen for a long moment, before she then
text: slowly reaches a hand down to pull up the bottom of her
text: habit, moves her hand between her legs and begins to
text: masturbate. She does it all very rapidly, mechanically,
text: almost as if all she wants is to get it over with as soon
text: as possible. As if the shame of the act is something she
text: can actually out race by doing it fast enough.
text: Finally reaching a climax she drops her head down,
text: breathing heavily. Her eyes drift off and stare at the
text: floor and for a second, it almost looks like she might
dialog: cry. This is a woman in a lot more secret pain and
text: confusion than even she herself realizes.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - DAY
text: All alone in her office, Reverend Mother sits talking on
text: the phone in what appears to be a very tense call.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Yes, thank you for calling.... Yes, I
dialog: understand... Right, well.... It’s not
dialog: that I wasn’t going to respond...
text: We then notice her eyes glance angrily across the desk
text: toward that same stack of Vatican II documents. She
text: shakes her head.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Of course, I understand the historic
dialog: nature... Right.... Peace be with you.
text: Reverend Mother then slams down the phone, clearly not
text: happy with the result of the conversation.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT WALKWAY - DAY
text: It is sometime early afternoon as we again hear the SOUND
text: of a BELL, although now it seems to have taken a somewhat
text: ominous slightly foreboding tone.
text: As Reverend Mother then walks alone through the
text: courtyard, she passes by one of the Postulants, walking
text: in the opposite direction, who softly whispers to her in
text: passing.
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: Morning Reverend Mother. Praise the Lord.
text: Reverend Mother just routinely replies as she continues
dialog: on.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Now and forever. God bless...
text: But then Reverend Mother suddenly stops. Just halts ona
text: dime, turns right back around and looks at the girl dead
text: on. Beat.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry, did you just speak? Did I just
dialog: hear you speak? What’s your name?
text: As we now turn we see that the girl in question is in
text: fact Sister Sissy, just looking up at Reverend Mother
text: totally bewildered and shocked.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: What’s your name?
text: Sissy is speechless.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: What.... Is... Your name?
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: I’m... I’m Sister Sissy.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Sister Sissy?
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: Right, Sissy.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Well tell me something Sister Sissy,
dialog: you’re a postulant correct? - What have
dialog: you been doing lately? Besides getting
text: fat, showing up late to Mass, and running
dialog: your mouth during Grand Silence?
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: I... I didn’t realize it was Grand
dialog: Silence... They told us to count all the
dialog: bells before noon. I counted 3 bells.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Do you understand what silence means? Was
dialog: it not properly explained to you?... When
dialog: you hear the bell for Grand Silence, that
dialog: means silence. And silence means you-
dialog: Don’t. Talk. It means you - Shut. Your.
dialog: Mouth.
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: (utterly terrified)
dialog: But, Reverend Mother... You’re
dialog: talking....?
text: Now suddenly Reverend Mother’s anger level jumps two
dialog: fold.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: That's because I’m reprimanding you
dialog: Sissy! I am reprimanding you right now!
text: All while Sissy is now on the verge of tears.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Listen to me Jenny...
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: It’s Sissy...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: My name is Sissy, not Jenny.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (in rapid sign language)
dialog: I don’t care. I don’t care what your name
dialog: is....
dialog: (speaking out loud)
dialog: It doesn’t make the least bit of
dialog: difference to me. Listen. I want you to
dialog: get down on your hands and knees...
dialog: (in sign language again)
dialog: Start crawling from here all the way to
dialog: the end of this corridor. Say as many
dialog: Hail Mary’s as you can ‘til you reach the
dialog: end...
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: Huh?...1I...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: Now! Right now!
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: Get on your hands and knees Sister!
text: Sissy then gets down on her hands and knees, starts to
text: crawl along the floor while reciting softly.
speaker_heading: SISTER SISSY
dialog: Hail Mary full of... Hail Mary of...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Wait a minute are you talking? Why are
dialog: you still talking! Why are you still
dialog: talking!!
text: Sissy looks up terrified as Reverend Mother bends down,
text: starts signing like crazy right in front of her face!
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: Why are you still talking!
text: Sissy just looks at her.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: Then say the prayer in silence! Say the
dialog: prayer in silence!! In...
dialog: (speaking out loud)
text: SILENCE!! SILENCE! SILENCE!!
text: We watch Sissy continue to crawl across the ground,
text: saying the prayer in silence, tears streaming down her
dialog: face.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - EVENING
text: It is early evening as we again find Mary Grace alone in
text: the chapel again, not praying but just staring vacantly.
text: Suddenly the doors open, Cathleen enters as Mary Grace
text: immediately turns, somewhat startled.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Oh sorry Sister, I didn’t realize you
dialog: were in here...
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: That’s okay. How are you Sister Cathleen?
dialog: You can come sit down if you like?
text: Hesitant at first, Cathleen then goes and sits in the pew
text: behind Mary Grace. Mary Grace turns and smiles at her.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D)
dialog: How's everything been going for you
dialog: sister?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Good thank you Sister.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: And what about the others? Are the others
text: still upset about Sister Sissy being sent
dialog: home?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I think they mostly understand. Even
dialog: though everybody misses her. I really
dialog: miss her.
text: Mary Grace just nods empathetically.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Do you often come to the chapel to pray
dialog: by yourself?
dialog: 49,
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Sometimes. I guess now that first vows
dialog: are coming up, I wanted just to spend
text: more time communicating with him, making
dialog: sure he’s okay with me being a Novice.
text: Sister Mary Grace laughs sweetly.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: I’m pretty sure he’s okay with it.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: You really think so?
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: I have a feeling he really wants you here
text: Cathleen. His light shines all around
dialog: you. I think you’ll make a great nun.
text: Cathleen smiles so brightly at this, nearly blushing.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Thank you Sister. That means so much.
text: Mary Grace tries to accept the compliment, but looks a
text: bit guilt ridden. There’s a subtle pause as she then gets
text: up from the pew, looks down at Cathleen so tenderly.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Do me a favor though, just make sure it’s
dialog: what you want too. Because your wants
dialog: matter too. Do you know what I mean by
dialog: that?
text: Cathleen just looks at her and nods, even though it’s
text: clear she has no idea what it means. Mary Grace then
text: walks out, leaving Cathleen so helplessly confused.
scene_heading: INT. SISTER EMILY’S ROOM - DAY
text: All alone in her cell, Sister Emily is knelt on the floor
dialog: praying.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: Lord please forgive for all the mistakes
dialog: I’ve made so far as a postulant. I didn’t
dialog: focus enough on my prayers this morning
dialog: and I rushed straight to Mass.... Because
dialog: I just wanted to be with my friends. And
dialog: I’m sorry sometimes if it seems like I
dialog: pay more attention to my friends, than I
dialog: do you. I’m hoping to change that....
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 50.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - AFTERNOON
text: It is Choir practice as Sister Mary Grace sits in the
text: pews, watching all the postulants go through their
text: chanting of the DIVINE OFFICE.
scene_heading: POSTULANTS IN UNISON
dialog: You shall speak to him and put the words
dialog: in his mouth, and I will be with your
text: mouth and with his mouth and will teach
dialog: you both what to do.
text: Before suddenly Sister’s Anne, Kate and Genevieve come
text: bursting into the chapel, everybody immediately stopping
text: and turning. They then each go and whisper into the ears
text: of two of the Postulants, Marianna and Theresa. Both
text: girls seem so frightened, so confused, before they
text: quietly and obediently follow Anne, Kate and Genevieve
dialog: out.
text: All the while Mary Grace just watches the whole thing
text: confused, trying to figure out what the hell is going on.
text: She finally gets up and walks out of the chapel herself.
scene_heading: INT. MOTHERHOUSE. HALLWAY - AFTERNOON
text: Outside the door to Reverend Mother’s office, Mary Grace
text: waits and paces unsure if she should enter.
text: The door to the office then opens, with the same two
text: girls, Theresa and Marianna both racing out, both
text: hysterically crying.
text: Mary Grace moves to comfort them, but then thinks the
text: better of it as Reverend Mother also emerges. The girls
text: disappear down the hall, leaving the two older nuns
dialog: alone.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: What was that all about? What just
dialog: happened?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Nothing. I’m sending those girls home.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Who? Theresa and Marianna? But why?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Is that their names? Frankly I was told
text: their relationship was veering toward
dialog: something inappropriate.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: That they were starting to become a bit
dialog: too intimate with each other?
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: “Too intimate”? By who?
text: Reverend Mother just stares at Mary Grace, not exactly
text: pleased with the sudden line of questioning.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: It doesn’t matter who. The point is they
dialog: clearly don’t belong here, and they
dialog: needed to be sent home.
text: Beat. We see Mary Grace, slowly become more defiant.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
text: But they’re just young girls, away from
text: home for the first time. They’re probably
text: just friends, seeking comfort in each
dialog: other...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Seeking comfort in each other, is that
dialog: what we all do around here now?... By the
dialog: way, are you questioning me again?
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Questioning you?.... No, I...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Are you questioning my judgement?
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: No, Mother... I’m just...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: So why don’t you tell me Mary Grace- How
dialog: exactly are those girls supposed to make
dialog: it their whole lives, deprived of any
dialog: form of physical affection - When they
dialog: can’t even make it 6 months?
text: Mary Grace just stares at her, wondering how defiant she
dialog: can really be.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Honestly, I don’t know. Because I don’t
dialog: know how anybody does that...
text: Now Reverend Mother suddenly looks shocked, and PISSED.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Excuse me?
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: What I mean is it’s only natural to want
dialog: to... Because you can’t just cut it off.
dialog: You can’t pretend it’s not there...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Cut what off? Pretend what’s not there?
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Forget it.
text: Reverend Mother is silent for a long moment, weighing her
text: words carefully. She then moves closer to Mary Grace.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: You know, there have been moments
dialog: recently, here and there, when I’ve
dialog: started to get the feeling you just don’t
dialog: want to be here anymore. As if everything
dialog: we do requires some sort of interrogation
dialog: from you.
text: Mary Grace just stares at the floor, shaking her head.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Maybe. I don’t know? Maybe that’s true?
text: Before suddenly Reverend Mother’s anger level jumps big.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Seriously! What is your problem exactly!
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: I don’t know! I don’t know what my
dialog: problem is! Maybe a part of my problem is
dialog: you!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Me!
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Because I just don’t understand what
dialog: you’re doing anymore- I don’t understand
dialog: your motivations!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Don’t you!? God is my motivation! God is
dialog: my reason and motivation for everything I
dialog: do! I do everything for him! Everything!!
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: But that doesn’t necessarily mean you’re
dialog: really doing what he wants! Honestly, do
dialog: you really think any of us know for sure
dialog: what he wants from us...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Oh, I believe I do!
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Well I think it’s wrong for you to keep
dialog: us in the dark about Vatican II! Whatever
dialog: changes are happening, whatever’s in all
dialog: those documents you keep hiding! If it’s
dialog: really going to effect us, then we all
dialog: deserve to know!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: No you don’t! And it’s not going to
dialog: effect us! Nothing is going to effect us!
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Then why can’t you just tell us what’s
dialog: really going on!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Because I don’t WANT to! And I don’t have
dialog: to! I don’t have to and I don’t want to!
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Oh you know what, okay, FINE!... FINE!
scene_heading: FINE! FINE MOTHER!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
text: THAT’S RIGHT!! FINE IS RIGHT!! FINE IS
text: ABSOLUTELY RIGHT MARY GRACE!! FINE!!
text: Now suddenly they’re both silent. Both so shocked by what
dialog: has just occurred.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: I think I’m going to go pray now. I’m
text: going to go to the chapel and pray.
text: Mary Grace looks at her one more time, then just turns
text: and walks away.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. SISTER MARY GRACE’S CELL - DAY
text: Later in the night Mary Grace is curled up on the floor
text: of her cell, crying hysterically. It’s such a deep and
text: guttural weeping that goes on and on, painful to listen
text: to. Beat.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (0.S.)
dialog: I know this isn’t our normal hour
dialog: together, but I just wanted to call you
dialog: all in here, to let you know something...
scene_heading: INT. POSTULANT CLASSROOM - DAY
text: All the Postulants are now gathered in the study room
text: staring up at Mary Grace, who stands at the head of the
text: room looking back at them all so sadly and tenderly.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: I wanted to let you all know that I’ve
dialog: decided I’m going to be leaving the
dialog: convent... I’m so sorry I won’t be here
dialog: to see you all take your first vows.
text: The room falls silent. All the girls look so shocked.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: What? But what do you mean? Where are you
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: SISTER CHARLOTTE
dialog: It’s because of Reverend Mother isn’t it.
dialog: She wants to take you away from us.
text: Mary Grace just looks at them, overwhelmed by their
dialog: devotion.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: No, it’s not because of her. It’s not
dialog: because of anything... I’m just not sure
dialog: this life is for me anymore? I’ve been a
dialog: Rose since I was 16 years old, I’1l
dialog: always love this place. The place where I
dialog: grew up ... But I’m not meant to be here
dialog: anymore.
text: They all look so sad, a few begin to cry.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D)
dialog: As for Reverend Mother, I know it’s hard
dialog: to understand... But I promise, all she
dialog: really wants is for you to be the best
dialog: nuns possible.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D)
dialog: To serve God in the best way possible,
dialog: with the most dignity... I know it may
text: not seem like it, but she does care.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: Are you still going to be a member of the
dialog: church? After you leave I mean?
text: Mary Grace pauses for a long beat, unsure how to answer.
scene_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE
dialog: Yes. I’ll always be a member of the
dialog: church, the church is my family. And you,
dialog: all my sisters, that I’ve lived here with
dialog: day in and day out- You’re my family
dialog: too...
text: She now looks at them so tenderly.
speaker_heading: SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D)
dialog: I want each and every one of you to know,
dialog: that I love you with everything in my
dialog: heart.
text: We hold for a beat on Mary Grace’s face, then slowly....
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: INT. REFECTORY - AFTERNOON
text: As another reading is taking place, we go to a CLOSE UP
text: on Reverend Mother, staring off into space, seeming more
text: consumed and distracted than ever in her own thoughts.
speaker_heading: SISTER GENEVIEVE
dialog: (at the pulpit)
dialog: We become what we love and who we love
dialog: shapes what we become. Imitation is not a
dialog: literal mimicking of Christ, rather it
dialog: means becoming an image of the beloved.
text: An image disclosed through
dialog: transformation.
text: MOMENTS LATER the room has fallen silent, with everybody
text: sitting down to eat, including Reverend Mother.
text: Before suddenly, there is the sound of a loud and strange
text: sort of COMMOTION.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Clear the way, please! Please clear the
dialog: way... Clear the way...
text: At first not quite sure what’s going on, suddenly
text: everyone in the room turns to look at once- Just as a
text: much OLDER NUN, roughly 70, charges into the dining hall
text: completely NAKED and seeming like she’s on some sort of
text: mission. She is also wildly waving her hands in the air,
text: ranting and raving and trying to get everyone's
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: NAKED NUN
dialog: There’s a new era coming sisters. Oh yes,
text: a new era and a new wind is about to
dialog: start blowing in here.... You hear me!
text: Moving to the postulants table, ALL the girls try and
text: hold it in, before they instantly break out in laughter.
text: While all the older nuns just stare in shock, crossing
text: themselves and shaking their heads.
text: All the while Reverend Mother just watches the whole
text: thing with an oddly restrained, quietly infuriated
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: NAKED NUN (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen to me!... Because there will come
text: a time very soon... VERY SOON SISTERS...
dialog: When all your cathedrals will suddenly
text: come crumbling to the ground.... And
dialog: these trappings and clothing, too, will
dialog: go falling away to the ground... And
dialog: it’ll be just us sisters. Just us and
text: Him. All of us, once again, naked before
dialog: God...
text: As the old naked nun then finally finishes her rant,
text: starting to head back out, as Genevieve and Kate
text: immediately bolt after her, trying to cover her.
text: Turning back to the postulants, still all so amused- We
text: hold on Cathleen, just watching and half smiling. Before
text: gradually her smile begins to shift into something else.
text: Far more perplexed, pensive, disturbed.
text: Beat. At the same time as music begins to fill in...
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL ENTRANCE - AFTERNOON
text: Along a separate entrance to the chapel, a large CROWD of
text: about 40 PEOPLE stand waiting to go inside.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 57.
text: These are all the PARENTS of the various postulants as
text: well as various seculars and locals, come to witness the
text: postulants very first CLOTHING CEREMONY.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - SAME TIME
text: An even larger crowd starts to overflow into the chapel,
text: before sooner or later we see Nora there too. She is all
text: dressed up, though perhaps a tad inappropriately, not too
dialog: mention wearing a bit too much make up.
text: As Nora then wanders to find a seat, moving in and out of
text: more people- She accidentally bumps into none other than
dialog: Reverend Mother.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Excuse me, sorry...
text: The two woman exchange a quick glance, Reverend Mother
text: looking Nora up and down. Nora continues on.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL CHANGING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Inside a hidden atrium to the Chapel, is a scene of utter
text: PANDEMONIUM and CHAOS. The entire group of our now some
text: 17 postulants, hurry to change into their official and
text: formal WHITE WEDDING DRESSES, assisted by a small trio of
text: OLDER NUNS. And these girls couldn’t be more excited!
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL. ANTE ROOM - LATER
text: Again in the Chapel Ante Room, we see all the girls
text: clothed in their WEDDING DRESSES, scurrying to quickly
dialog: get into line.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - MOMENTS LATER
text: The music then begins to grow louder, harkening the
text: feeling of something so divine and exalted.
text: Somewhere amidst the pews, Nora pushes up on her toes,
text: leaning her head over shoulders, then turns her head to
dialog: see....
text: The entire immaculate procession of new brides, Cathleen
text: and her fellow postulants, all dressed in gowns and
text: veils, so slowly and deliberately to make their way down
text: the aisle. Such a stunning and beautiful procession.
dialog: 58.
text: We also hold on the face of each girl as they pass,
text: peering into each of their eyes through the veil, as
text: they all maintain their Custody so regally and
text: exquisitely.
text: MOMENTS LATER all these budding brides are finally knelt
text: together in a line at the altar. A celestial light
text: outlining and silhouetting them, bathing them almost.
text: The back turned Priest then recites;
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Virginum custos et pater, sancte Ioseph,
dialog: cuius fideli custodiae ipsa Innocentia
dialog: Christus Iesus et Virgo virginum Maria
dialog: commisa fuit; te per hoc utrumque
dialog: carissimum pignus Iesum et Mariam obsecro
dialog: et obtestor, ut me, ab omni immunditia
dialog: praeservatum, mente incontaminata, puro
dialog: corde et casto corpore Iesu et Mariae
dialog: semper facias castissime famulari. Amen.
text: Somewhere in the Nuns’ pews, Reverend Mother lowers her
text: head to pray as does everybody else. Nora doesn’t realize
text: what’s going on at first, but then sees everyone praying
text: and finally does the same.
text: Cathleen, kneeling in the line beside the others, makes
text: the sign of the cross along her chest.
text: Before the entire congregation is suddenly hushed, as
text: Sister Emily stands alone with the Priest upon the altar.
text: Emily gently genuflects down to kneel before him,
text: gracefully bowing her head as he lifts her veil. Emily
text: and the Priest then look straight into each others eyes.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Sister Emily, what is it you desire?
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: With the help of God, I have come to know
dialog: in this community....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Sister Charlotte now knelt before the Priest.
speaker_heading: SISTER CHARLOTTE
dialog: Both the difficulty and the joy of a life
text: completely devoted to him..
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Sister Candace knelt before the Priest.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: SISTER CANDACE,
dialog: My desire is to be allowed to make
dialog: perpetual profession within this
dialog: community....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: And finally, Sister Cathleen.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I seek to become a temporary Bride of
dialog: Christ for a year and a half, and to
dialog: persevere in all my undying love...
text: The traditional WHITE VEIL NOVICE HABIT, so precisely
text: folded in a large cloth square, is then handed by young
text: ALTAR BOYS into each girl’s arms. (The final symbol of
dialog: their transference from Postulant to Novice.)
text: Moments later, all the brides lay on the floor in a row
text: together, as a large BLACK CLOTH, baring a single GOLD
text: CROSS in its center, is rolled over them and all their
text: bodies. (Symbolizing their now death to the outside
dialog: world)
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL CHANGING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Back in the atrium, the group of new Novices still in
text: wedding dresses are now all lined up, anxiously awaiting
dialog: something.
text: As we move slowly down the line, from one girl to the
text: next, we then discover that what they’re all waiting for
text: is to have all their hair shorn off by an older, SCISSOR-
scene_heading: WIELDING NUN.
text: Many girls also can’t help but tremble and shake, as they
text: lower their heads to be met by the blunt scissor.
text: Finally Cathleen comes to the front on the line, bends
text: down before the scissors.
scene_heading: HAIR CUTTING NUN
dialog: Ready...
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Yes, thank you Sister...
text: Just as CHUNKS AND CHUNKS of Cathleen’s own HAIR fall in
text: SLOW MOTION to the floor.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - AFTERNOON
text: A sudden shift in music, as the entire crowd in the
text: chapel rise again and look toward the aisle, to see..
text: The new group of Novices changed out of their wedding
text: dresses and re-clothed in their NEW NOVICE HABITS. Coming
text: down the center aisle in procession again.
text: As we look into Nora’s eyes we also see a tinge of deep
text: sadness, realizing her daughter has now turned a corner
dialog: she may never turn back from.
text: MOMENTS LATER the Novices all kneel again before the
dialog: altar.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Ora pro nobis, Sancta Dei Genetrix....
scene_heading: NOVICES IN UNISON
dialog: May we be worthy of Christ’s love.
text: Finally, they begin to make their procession back out. We
text: hold on Cathleen as she momentarily breaks custody of the
text: eyes, looking everywhere in the crowd for Nora.
text: Once she finally finds her, Cathleen and Nora then
text: sweetly lock eyes. Cathleen shyly smiles at her mom, who
text: immediately smiles back. Nora doing her very best to make
text: her daughter believe she’s happy for her.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL CONVENT GROUNDS - DUSK
text: We hear a shrill sound of LAUGHING, before looking over a
text: field to see the entire group of new Novices dancing
text: around a BONFIRE. They are redressed back into their
text: WEDDING GOWNS, euphoric with laughter, dancing and
text: singing, having the time of their life.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH RIGHT NOW GOD!!
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
text: I’M MARRIED TO JESUS CHRIST!!
text: They all continue to laugh and twirl around the fire like
text: little girls, reminding us again how ridiculously young
dialog: they still are.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: INT. NOVITIATE DORMITORY. HALLWAY - AFTERNOON
text: Looking down the long hall in the Novitiate dorm, we see
text: all of the Novices just standing outside their rooms and
text: watching in total shock. At the same time as Sisters Anne
text: and Kate go in and out of each room, so violently
text: removing and then SMASHING all the girls’ MIRRORS.
text: We see all these pieces of broken mirrors thrown down
text: into PILE ON THE FLOOR.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Why are they taking our mirrors away?
text: The others just keep watching and shrug. Beat.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: The Novitiate, as I am sure you've all
dialog: heard many times....
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - DAY
text: In the courtyard, the new Novices walk toward the chapel
text: in perfect unison, moving as one like some elite and
text: highly trained unit of an army.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Is commonly understood to be the most
dialog: grueling and demanding period in any
dialog: nun’s life... And let me assure you,
dialog: you’re experience won’t be any different.
text: At the same time as a couple of ‘new’ Postulants who
text: happen to be walking in the Novices path, jump to move
text: out of the way.
scene_heading: INT. NOVICE ASSEMBLY ROOM - EVENING
text: Inside a dimly lit and chillingly silent room, all the
text: novices are now all crouched on their knees, facing each
text: other in one large circle.
text: Reverend Mother is also there walking through and amongst
text: all the girls, looking down at them so intimidatingly.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: It is now when all your so called
dialog: vocations, will be tested to their
dialog: limits... It is also about learning to be
dialog: perfect.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Because, and I hope you'd all agree, our
dialog: Savior deserves no less from each of you -
dialog: Than the gift of a perfect wife.
text: Reverend Mother finally moves to a chair at the head of
text: the room, sits down and stares at them all.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: So each week we'll be meeting in this
dialog: room for an exercise called, ‘Chapter of
dialog: Faults’. I myself will also always be
dialog: here with you during every ‘Chapter’...
dialog: And one thing I can assure you, we don’t
dialog: ever leave this room until the Chapter is
dialog: finished.
text: Peering around at all the girls, we see how completely
text: terrified they all already are.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Let’s get started...
text: Reverend Mother then looks around for a moment, before
text: she finally turns and looks directly at Sister Evelyn.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: You. Sister..... ?
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: Me? Evelyn, I’m Sister Evelyn....
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Evelyn, can you come here to the center
dialog: of the room here please.
text: Without raising her eyes, Evelyn shuffles across the
text: floor on her knees, stops dead center in the middle of
dialog: the circle.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Now if you wouldn’t mind Sister- I want
dialog: you to think about it for a moment, and
dialog: then I want you to carefully list out
dialog: every single fault you’re aware in
dialog: yourself, in front of all your sisters.
text: Evelyn is clearly completely baffled and confused by
dialog: these instructions.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: I’m sorry, what...? I don’t understand?
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: You don’t understand? What don’t you
dialog: understand? Are you perfect?
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: No. I don’t know?... What do you mean?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I mean are you a perfect person? A
dialog: perfect human being? A perfect nun?
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: No, I’m not perfect.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Well wouldn't you like to be perfect?
dialog: Don’t you think it’s important to always
dialog: at least try to be perfect?
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: Yes... I mean yes, if I could...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Okay so what do you think it is Sister
dialog: Evelyn, that most stands in the way
dialog: between you and perfection?
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: My... My... My faults, I guess?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Correct. Because there’s really no way
dialog: for any of us to achieve perfection in
dialog: ourselves, is there? Without getting rid
dialog: of all our faults first?
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: I guess so?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: You guess what, sister?
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: Yes. I mean yes Mother, I agree.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: So let’s hear it. Tell us your faults.
text: More closely on Evelyn, her body begins to tremble a bit.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: I’m untidy. What I mean is, I’m messy.
dialog: Like sometimes when I look around my
dialog: cell, with all my clothes all over the
dialog: floor, I feel like I’m such a slob, and I
dialog: need to do better... I space out a lot
dialog: too, they used to call me ‘space cadet’
dialog: in school because I spaced out so much...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Woah, woah, woah! Hold up, hold up...
text: Evelyn pauses, just halts mid sentence.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
text: Leaving clothes on the floor. Lack of
dialog: concentration, or ‘spacing out’ as you
dialog: call it- While I agree these are all
dialog: points of weakness in you- As far as
dialog: faults go, they’re also quite
dialog: superficial, and not going to get us very
dialog: far in this process.... Let’s start again
dialog: and this time I want you to fully examine
dialog: your conscience, tell us everything you
dialog: do on a daily basis to fail our Lord
dialog: Christ.
text: We peer again at all the others, from one face to the
text: next, as all of them grow more frightened and disturbed.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: The ways I fail.. I fail Christ....
text: A long, silent pause as Evelyn slowly begins to cry.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: There's part of me that wonders if I’m
dialog: good enough to be here? If I deserve to
dialog: be here or deserve anything good that
dialog: happens to me... I want to be good, to be
dialog: pure, and good. But I don’t know if
dialog: that’s who I really am on the inside. And
dialog: sometimes my thoughts inside don’t always
dialog: match how I act on the outside. And
dialog: sometimes I feel like I’m ugly and bad
dialog: inside.... And I know I've let people
dialog: down before too. I’ve let my parents down
dialog: before, my ma and my dad... But I don't
dialog: want to let him down Mother, I don’t want
dialog: to let Jesus down. I don't want to fail
dialog: him, ever... And I just hope he knows
dialog: that I can do better, if he lets me...
dialog: 65.
text: Evelyn then stops, shaking uncontrollably and crying.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (more softly)
dialog: Okay, okay,... Thank you Evelyn. That was
dialog: very brave of you, thank you.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: (almost inaudible)
dialog: Thank you Mother.
text: As Evelyn's body finally relaxes, we see the tiniest hint
text: of a smile on her face, more relief than anything else.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Now for your penance I’m going to assign
dialog: you 10 Hail Mary’s this week. And I'd
dialog: like you to fast all day Friday.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: Yes Mother, thank you Mother...
text: Evelyn then starts to shuffle back to her place in line.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Wait a minute, where are you going?
text: Evelyn stops, freezes, completely confused.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: I’m sorry... I thought I was done?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Done? No, you’re not done. Did you hear
dialog: me say you were done? Come back here.
text: Still halted, Evelyn finally shuffles back to the center,
text: just Reverend Mother turns to the group at large.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Now that Evelyn’s been brave enough to
dialog: share some these faults in herself with
dialog: all of us- I’d like to open it up to the
dialog: rest of you. Can I have a volunteer
dialog: please, to help point out any additional
dialog: flaws they too have observed in Evelyn?
text: Longer Beat. Everybody is dead silent, completely caught
text: off guard, unsure what to do.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Someone please speak, we've already
dialog: established she’s not perfect.
dialog: 66.
text: Continued silence, no one wants to talk.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: I saw her smile.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (turning to Candace)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Just now, when you said she did a good
dialog: job... I saw her smile... Like she was
dialog: pleased with herself, like it was alla
dialog: joke to her.
text: Reverend Mother turns again to Evelyn,
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Evelyn, is that true?
text: Evelyn just continues to stare at the floor trembling.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: No... I mean how would she even know what
dialog: I did, if she hadn’t broken Custody of
dialog: the Eyes to look at me?
text: Before suddenly Candace yells at her!
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: I didn’t!! You’re vain!!
dialog: With Evelyn yelling back!
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: You did! You’re a liar! That’s a fault
dialog: too!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Quiet! Evelyn your turn is over, you
dialog: don't speak anymore.... More importantly,
dialog: if you really had the nerve to mock this
dialog: process- That’s pathetic. What kind of
dialog: nun do you plan on being, if you can’t
dialog: even get through a moment of self-
dialog: examination without gloating... This is
dialog: called the sin of pride, and I’m going to
dialog: correct it in each of you, starting with
dialog: you Sister Evelyn... In addition to your
dialog: other penance, I want you to use the
dialog: Discipline on yourself.
dialog: 67.
text: There’s a long, silent, overwhelmingly tense pause.
text: Moving from face to face, we see how traumatized the
text: girls are. Terrified to speak again, Evelyn then finally
dialog: asks...
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: The what?
scene_heading: INT. NOVITIATE DORMITORY. STAIRCASE - DAY
text: A quiet empty stairwell, as Evelyn, Charlotte and Candace
text: all sit together on the stairs. Evelyn is also
text: hysterically crying, both girls just looking at her.
speaker_heading: SISTER CHARLOTTE
dialog: Was it really that bad?
text: Evelyn just shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: SISTER CHARLOTTE
dialog: You don’t have to stay here you know,
dialog: none of us do, you could leave anytime
dialog: you wanted...
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: And do what? Tell my parents and everyone
dialog: back home that I failed at being a nun.
text: Clearly guilt ridden by her prior accusations, Candace
text: then turns to Evelyn so empathetically.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Sister, I’m so sorry... I’m so sorry for
dialog: the things I said... I don’t think you’re
dialog: vain at all.
text: Evelyn herself turns to Candace sweetly.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: It's okay Sister, I know... I don’t think
dialog: you’re a liar. I’m sorry too.
scene_heading: INT. REFECTORY - DAY
dialog: With the entire community once again gathered for the
text: afternoon meal, suddenly Sister Genevieve stands and
text: begins clinking her fork on a glass, addressing the room.
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 68.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Sisters, may I have your attention
dialog: please. As of today we have a new member,
dialog: Sister Emanuel, joining our community.
dialog: Sister Emanuel was previously a member of
dialog: the Sisters of Christ in New Hampshire.
dialog: But as she felt the culture of the Roses
dialog: was more suited to her religious needs,
dialog: she’s decided to transfer here. She’1l be
dialog: joining as a second year Novice.
text: At the Novice table, all the girls immediately turn and
text: look towards the podium, a mutual air of shock.
text: Following their gaze, we then see a very beautiful,
text: devout looking young woman of 24, standing beside Sister
scene_heading: Genevieve - SISTER EMANUEL.
text: Cathleen too then casually steals a glance at the new
text: sister, although doesn’t seem to show much interest.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - AFTERNOON
text: Inside the dead silence of the Chapel, all the new
text: novices are lined up at the foot of the Altar, given a
dialog: special communion by Father Luca. And as we slowly PAN
text: across, moving from one girl to the next, one open mouth
text: to the next- a strange sort of tension begins to build.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL CONVENT GROUNDS - AFTERNOON
text: On a sunny afternoon, Sister Cathleen and Sister Emily
text: sit alone together, in a tall field of swaying grass.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: It just gets to me you know. Like I just
dialog: think of how young we still are. All the
dialog: things we could be doing, if we weren’t
dialog: stuck in here, in the Novitiate. All my
text: friends back home, they’re all just doing
dialog: normal teenage stuff- Going to drive-in
text: movies, going roller skating, watching
text: the fireworks on the 4th of July, going
dialog: on dates with boys. Even....
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Even what?
text: Emily pauses for a moment, afraid to even say the word.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 69.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: (she whispers it)
dialog: You know... Sex.
text: Cathleen just looks at her, shocked then immediately
text: starts blushing.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY (CONT’D)
dialog: You can’t tell me you’ve never thought
dialog: about it. Everybody does, even nuns, they
dialog: just never talk about it.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: But how do you know that? How do you know
dialog: nuns think about it?
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: Because everybody does. It’s normal. More
dialog: normal than you think.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: But, I don’t think about it.
text: Emily just looks at her.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: You never kissed a boy before you came
dialog: here, nothing like that...
text: Cathleen shakes her head.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Did you?
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: Once. It was nice actually. I bet you’d
dialog: like it too.
text: Cathleen suddenly blushes even harder.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I don’t know? It’s like Reverend Mother
dialog: says, our bodies are just a distraction.
text: They're both silent again. Emily stares off, seeming
text: suddenly ashamed.
scene_heading: INT. REFECTORY - DAY
text: Music begins to drift in, as held alone in a single
text: frame, Sister Candace gives a reading before the meal.
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 70.
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Let him kiss me with the kisses of his
dialog: mouth. For your love is better than wine;
dialog: your anointing oils are fragrant; your
dialog: name is oil poured out on me; therefore
dialog: virgins love you. Draw me after you; let
dialog: us run...
scene_heading: INT. NOVICE ASSEMBLY ROOM - EVENING
text: Returning to another Chapter of Faults, the room is dead
text: silent as Reverend Mother just looks around at all the
text: girls, her eyes moving from girl to girl. Her eyes then
text: finally land on Cathleen.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Sister Cathleen...
text: Stunned, Cathleen is momentarily frozen. Before she
text: finally shuffles across the floor to the center of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: What faults would you like to share with
dialog: us this evening Cathleen?
text: Cathleen pauses. It takes her a long time.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Sometimes... Sometimes wish that I could
dialog: be more loved back... What I mean is, I
dialog: wish I knew for sure, that we all knew
dialog: for sure, that he really loves us back as
dialog: much as we love him... I wish I could
dialog: feel it more.
text: There’s a long pause, everyone waiting on Reverend
dialog: Mother's reaction to this. But this time Reverend Mother
text: seems softer, more tolerant.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (consolingly)
dialog: Don’t wish for things you shouldn't
dialog: sister. Because that means you're
dialog: questioning God’s will.
scene_heading: INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - NIGHT
text: Alone and in her cell at night, Cathleen is now knelt on
text: the floor in her nightgown and praying.
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 71.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Thank you so much for everything today
dialog: Lord, for showing me how to be a better
dialog: Novice. I’m so sorry for ever questioning
dialog: or doubting you.
text: MOMENTS LATER Cathleen undresses out of her habit and
text: into her nightgown. And again for the brief moment that
text: she finds herself nude, she struggles to hide her own
text: body from herself.
scene_heading: INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - NIGHT
text: MUCH LATER, the room is now shrouded in darkness.
text: As Cathleen is also deep asleep, she gradually begins to
text: toss and turn in bed, somewhat restless, until it
text: gradually mutates into something else entirely.
text: Still deep in sleep, Cathleen unconsciously begins to
text: breathe somewhat heavily, then slowly moves her hand
text: between legs beneath the blanket, clearly aroused,
text: masturbating without knowing. It goes on for a minute or
text: two as she remains asleep the whole time.
text: Before Cathleen then suddenly jolts up and awake,
text: completely startled! Breathing so heavily and desperately
text: she just looks down at her hands. We then move in on her
text: face and eyes, her terrified expression. It’s literally
text: as if she has no idea what just happened, but only knows
dialog: it’s bad.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT GROUNDS - MORNING
text: Gazing at the cloister from a distance, the first MORNING
text: BELL begins to chime.
scene_heading: INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - MORNING
text: Seeming as if she has been up all night, and so wracked
text: with guilt and worry- Cathleen is knelt beside her bed,
text: struggling to pray.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I’m so sorry Lord. I’m so sorry, I’m so
dialog: sorry, I’m so sorry.....
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 72.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - MORNING
text: In the midst of morning Mass, the novices are all seated
text: together in their pews. As the Priest then beckons the
dialog: entire congregation to pray, we focus on Cathleen who's
text: still so distracted she forgets to lower her head. Seated
text: beside her, Sister Charlotte notices and gently nudges
text: her. Cathleen looks up confused. Charlotte then shoots
text: her a look like, “Everyone's praying.”
scene_heading: INT. REFECTORY - DAY
text: Inside the refectory, the entire community all eat in
text: silence. Except for Cathleen, who simply stares down at
text: her plate of food as if it disgusts her. As if not eating
text: might somehow absolve her secret, crippling guilt.
text: Across the table, Sister Emanuel happens to glance at
text: Cathleen and then down at her plate. She seems to be the
text: only one who notices.
text: As a Postulant then finally comes around to collect
text: everyone’s plate, Cathleen hands hers over, full and
text: untouched.
scene_heading: INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S PRIVATE CHAPEL - AFTERNOON
text: Inside Reverend Mother’s small private chapel, she kneels
text: on the floor, deeply praying. There’s then a KNOCK at the
text: door, with Sister Genevieve peeking her head.
text: Reverend Mother turns, confused.
speaker_heading: SISTER GENEVIEVE
dialog: Excuse me Mother, sorry to bother you...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SISTER GENEVIEVE
dialog: The Archbishop is here to see you.
text: Now Reverend Mother’s face suddenly looks a bit panicked,
text: she clearly wasn’t expecting this.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: What? What do you mean, he’s here? He’s
dialog: here now?
speaker_heading: SISTER GENEVIEVE
dialog: Yes, I’m afraid so.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 73.
scene_heading: INT. MOTHERHOUSE. RECEPTION ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: A WIDE SHOT from across the enormous room, as we see the
text: silhouette of a man waiting by himself. Reverend Mother
text: then hurries into the room to greet him.
text: MOMENTS LATER they are seated across a small table from
text: one and other, a tea set placed between them. ARCHBISHOP
text: McCARTHY is also so exquisitely powerful and composed,
text: while Reverend Mother actually seems a bit nervous and
text: fidgety.
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: So how are you Marie? You well? You seem
dialog: a bit on edge...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Do I? Maybe it’s just because I haven’t
text: been in the presence of a man in awhile.
dialog: It’s unusual for me.
text: The Archbishop laughs out loud at this. While Reverend
text: Mother just looks confused, she doesn’t know what’s
dialog: funny.
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: Do you know why I’m here?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: No, I do not.
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: You have no idea why I’m here?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I don’t, no.
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: Let’s put it like this- I’ve been hearing
dialog: a lot recently, about how this order in
dialog: particular, is having difficulty
dialog: embracing some of the changes put forth
dialog: by the Second Vatican Council, Vatican
dialog: II?... Now you tell me, is that accurate?
text: Suddenly Reverend Mother seems even more fidgety.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Right, Vatican II. Accurate to a point.
dialog: Some changes we’ve adopted. Others we
dialog: haven't.
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: And would you care to elaborate on that?
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 74.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (growing defiant)
dialog: Not really. To be perfectly honest, most
dialog: of the memos I’ve received from your
dialog: office only used the word “suggestion”.
dialog: In regards to all these ridiculous
dialog: reforms we’re suddenly supposed to...
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: How amusing. I think you’re the only one
dialog: who missed the subtext there. For most of
dialog: us, the word “suggestion” is understood
dialog: as synonymous with “obligation”.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Maybe I’m just not that attuned to
dialog: subtext. My apologies. Are we done here?
text: Reverend Mother begins to get up, but he makes it clear
dialog: she better sit back down.
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: No, we're not done.... What exactly are
dialog: you having the most difficulty with? Why
dialog: don’t you lay it out for me.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I have no difficulty with it. I just
dialog: happen to disagree with it. All of it...
dialog: Not to mention it’s a bit of a slap in
dialog: the face that the sisters weren't given
dialog: any voice in the matter.
text: The Archbishop laughs again, and she again doesn’t know
dialog: what’s so funny.
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: You really expected them to have a voice,
dialog: the sisters?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: We're a part of this church too...
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: Marie, come on....
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: With all due respect, I just don’t think
dialog: you really understand what this is going
dialog: to do to us... Because it’s going to ruin
dialog: us.... If we were really to embrace all
dialog: these changes- I guarantee you it’1l
dialog: destroy the very institution of Catholic
dialog: nuns as we know it.
dialog: 75.
text: Beat. The Archbishop is still not moved.
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: Now are you still encouraging all your
dialog: Postulants and Novices to perform extreme
dialog: penances on themselves? All that old
dialog: medieval stuff?.. Because that’s gotta
dialog: stop.
text: Reverend Mother just shakes her head.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I never asked any of my girls to do
dialog: anything for God, that I wouldn’t do
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: Like I said, it’s gotta stop... And as
dialog: for the rest of Rome’s recommendations- I
dialog: just hope you’ll keep an open mind, try
dialog: to see them all together as part of a
dialog: larger theme. The theme is change,
dialog: adaptation, spiritual evolution.... Do me
dialog: a favor, just try and open your mind to
dialog: this. Otherwise, I may “suggest” we find
dialog: a replacement for you.
text: The Archbishop then slowly rises and starts to head for
text: the door. But just as he reaches it, he turns back.
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: You know you really should smile more...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: You should smile more, women are so much
text: prettier when they smile.
text: Reverend Mother just glares.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I’m not a woman, I’m a nun.
speaker_heading: ARCHBISHOP
dialog: Is there a difference?
text: And now she glares at him even harder.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: There used to be.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. NOVITIATE ASSEMBLY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Yet another “Chapter of Faults”, as all the Novices kneel
text: in silence, with Sister Emily in the center.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: I never thought I’d say this, but there
dialog: are times when I question if God is
dialog: real?... It’s so horrible, I know. But
dialog: what scares me to think is, what if he
dialog: doesn’t really exist?
text: Turning to Reverend Mother, we see how completely checked
text: out she seems, as if her thoughts are literally miles
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY (CONT’D)
dialog: What if he’s just something we all made
dialog: up one day, then everybody started
dialog: believing it... All the things we do for
dialog: him, everything we all put ourselves
dialog: through, how we push ourselves and push
dialog: ourselves to live only in his image... If
dialog: it ever turned out that God didn’t really
dialog: exist- Then who would we all be doing it
dialog: for?
text: Turning back to Reverend Mother, it takes a moment for
text: her to even realize Emily has finished. Everybody waiting
text: on her word, she finally checks back into the present.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Sister Emily, you seem to like to come in
dialog: here week after week, making the same
dialog: pathetic confessions of your wavering
dialog: faith. Again and again and again...
dialog: Frankly I think we’ve all grown tired of
dialog: having to listen to this ongoing saga of
dialog: your complete and utter spiritual
dialog: wretchedness.... For your penance, I’m
dialog: assigning you no penance at all. Why
dialog: bother, it’s a complete waste of my time.
text: At which point Reverend Mother just gets up and walks
text: straight out of the room, leaving all the girls in shock.
text: Beat. Everybody just looks around.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT GROUNDS - AFTERNOON
text: A large clothes line is hung, with a small group of
text: Novices busying themselves doing laundry.
dialog: 77.
text: Glancing across the courtyard, Sister Emily then happens
text: to notice Sister Emanuel walking by herself, head down,
text: minding her own business.
text: Emily shoots a look over to Sister Candace, as the girls
text: start whispering.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: I just don’t understand who she is or
dialog: what she’s even doing here?
speaker_heading: SISTER CANDACE
dialog: Apparently the S.0.C’s weren’t strict
dialog: enough for her. I guess she came here for
dialog: all the extra self punishment.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: Are you serious? Does she really think
dialog: she’s that holy?
text: They both giggle out loud, then stop themselves.
scene_heading: INT. REFECTORY - AFTERNOON
text: Back in the dining hall and while everyone around her
text: eats, Cathleen just stares down poking and picking at
text: another PLATE OF FOOD. Emanuel again, seems to be the
text: only one that notices.
text: Cathleen then happens to catch Emanuel looking at her,
text: who quickly turns away. It’s awkward.
scene_heading: INT. REV. MOTHER’S HALLWAY - AFTERNOON
text: Looking down the long hallway, Cathleen sits alone on the
text: bench outside Reverend Mother's office, waiting.
text: We move in CLOSER on her clearly anxious expression.
text: Then to her HANDS, fussing and fidgeting in her lap.
text: Finally the door to Reverend Mother’s office opens with
text: Reverend Mother peeking out. She turns to Cathleen.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: You can come in.
scene_heading: INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Cathleen and Reverend Mother now sit across the desk from
text: each other. Reverend Mother stares at her curiously.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 78.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: What did you want to see me about,
dialog: sister?
text: Cathleen can barely even get the words out,
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I was just wondering if... If I could use
dialog: the Discipline, just for the night?
text: Caught off guard, Reverend Mother then slowly looks up
text: and much more directly at Cathleen.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: The Discipline? Why?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: If it’s okay with you, I'd rather not
dialog: say.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: It’s not okay. I can’t just give it to
dialog: you, without knowing what you want it for
dialog: first.
text: A long pause, Cathleen struggles so hard to think of what
dialog: to say.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: No, I know... I broke Grande Silence
dialog: twice this week.... I was also
dialog: uncharitable to one of my sisters when I
dialog: didn’t mean to be.
text: Now Reverend Mother looks at Cathleen with more interest,
text: as if actually noticing her for the very first time.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: That’s what you want to punish yourself
dialog: for?
text: Cathleen nods. Reverend Mother continues to look at her.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Honestly?
text: Cathleen nods again. Reverend Mother then opens a drawer
text: removing the small knotted WHIP from her desk. She slides
text: it across to Cathleen.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Be careful, it’s not a toy.
text: Cathleen slowly takes it, begins to get up.
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 79.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Thank you Mother.
text: Keeping her eyes on Cathleen, Reverend Mother watches her
text: leave with intensified curiosity.
scene_heading: INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - NIGHT
text: Knelt by herself on the floor, Cathleen slowly and
text: meticulously begins to pull her habit over her head. She
text: stares at the floor for a long beat, clearly so utterly
text: terrified about what she’s about to do.
text: Finally she reaches down and grabs the Discipline off the
text: floor, takes a deep breath and begins to whip herself.
text: She hits herself very, very hard. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!
text: And with each and every crack, we can hear her muffled
text: yelps and moans of pain. And yet she keeps going, just
text: gritting her teeth and trying to get through it.
text: Cathleen whips herself about 10 times, then finally
dialog: stops.
text: HARD TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT GARDEN - AFTERNOON
text: On a beautiful sunny afternoon, Cathleen sits on a bench
text: by herself reading the Bible. Suddenly Sister Genevieve
text: then walks across the courtyard to her.
speaker_heading: SISTER GENEVIEVE
dialog: Excuse me Sister, but your Mother’s here
dialog: to see you.
text: Cathleen then looks up, staring at Genevieve confused.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: What? What do you mean? Why would my
dialog: mother be here, it’s not visiting day?
text: Sister Genevieve looks around to see if anyone’s
text: watching. She whispers something into Cathleen’s ear.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Following behind Genevieve, Cathleen starts towards the
text: main nun’s door of the Family Room, but then Genevieve
text: stops her, motioning elsewhere.
speaker_heading: SISTER GENEVIEVE
dialog: It's okay, Reverend Mother said you’re
dialog: allowed to use the other door today.
text: Cathleen then follows her through the alternate door.
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY RECEPTION ROOM - DAY
text: As Cathleen enters, she immediately sees Nora standing
text: there and waiting, wearing an odd expression. And we can
text: tell Cathleen’s not happy about it.
text: She slowly walks to her mom, with Nora at once trying to
text: hug her. But instead Cathleen freezes.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Is there somewhere can we talk. I got
dialog: something I gotta tell you...
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: (motioning to Genevieve)
dialog: It’s okay, she already told me....
text: Confused for a moment, Nora then turns and glares at
text: Genevieve. She takes another step toward Cathleen.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No one knew he had it. Guess it had been
dialog: a few years now and he just kept it to
dialog: himself... And I know he wasn’t ever much
dialog: a father to you honey, but it’s probably
dialog: still kind of a shock. That’s why I came,
dialog: I didn’t want you to be alone...
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: But I’m not alone. And you really didn’t
dialog: have to come.
text: Taken aback, Nora looks at Cathleen like she barely
text: recognizes her.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: What is that supposed to mean? I came
dialog: here for you. It doesn’t upset you to
dialog: hear your dad passed away...
text: Cathleen just shrugs her shoulders.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: (searching Cathleen’s eyes)
dialog: Wait a minute, what’s going on here? What
dialog: the hell is going on? I’m serious
dialog: Cathleen? What is this...
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Nothing's going on, Mom. I’m sorry you're
dialog: upset, okay...
text: Nora then gradually begins to get angry, but it’s an
text: anger masking a much deeper concern.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Well I’m sorry you're not. What the hell
dialog: is going on? And why have you lost a
dialog: bunch of weight?
text: Cathleen just looks at the floor, averting Nora’s gaze.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: You look really thin. How much weight
dialog: have you lost? Why are you so thin?
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: Mom, I’m fine.... Please, I haven’t lost
dialog: that much weight...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: How much weight have you lost! What’s
dialog: going on, they don’t feed you in here?
dialog: Let me see your hands, show me your arms.
text: Nora then reaches to grab Cathleen’s arm, at the same
text: time as Cathleen immediately and violently jerks it back.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: I’m fine, okay. I have to go now... I’m
dialog: sorry about Dad, I really am. I’1l pray
dialog: that God meets him in grace, okay...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: What?!?! You have to go now!?
text: Cathleen stares at her hard.
speaker_heading: CATHLEEN
dialog: I’m sorry, I have to go okay.
text: She then immediately turns and leaves, not looking back
dialog: for a second.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Cathleen!... What, Cathleen! Cathleen!!
dialog: 82.
text: But she’s gone, once again leaving Nora in a complete
text: state of shock and feeling more distanced than ever from
dialog: her daughter
text: Nora then turns again to Sister Genevieve, who’s been
text: standing there the whole time.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me, what’s the name of that Mother
dialog: Superior lady, woman who runs this
dialog: place...
speaker_heading: SISTER GENEVIEVE
dialog: Reverend Mother? You mean Reverend
dialog: Mother?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Yeah her. Can you take me to her please.
scene_heading: INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Reverend Mother sits behind with Nora across from her.
text: All while Nora wears an almost explosive expression.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: How are you Mrs. Harris, I don’t think
dialog: we've met...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (not skipping a beat)
dialog: I’m fine. Just want to know what’s going
dialog: on with my daughter, that’s all....
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I’m sorry, what do you mean by that?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Look, Miss...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Mother...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Excuse me?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: It’s Mother, Reverend Mother. I’m not a
dialog: Miss, or a Mrs. for that matter.
text: Nora just glares.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Lady, I’m not calling you Mother.
dialog: Beat.
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Mrs. Harris I understand you've had a
dialog: loss in the family, and I just want to
dialog: express...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Save it. You do know I haven’t seen my
dialog: daughter in nearly 6 months- I came here
dialog: today to tell her about her Dad, and I
text: barely even recognize her. She looks
text: completely different, like she’s lost 20
dialog: pounds... I want to know what you’re
dialog: doing to her in here?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Me? What I’m doing? This is about her
dialog: weight, her body, isn’t that a bit of a
dialog: superficial topic...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Are you blind! Have you seen her lately!
text: She looks like she’s dying!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Please calm down.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Like she’s dying!! I said, I want to know
dialog: what’s going on in here!
text: Reverend Mother just looks at Nora, takes a long beat.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Honestly with all due respect Mrs.
dialog: Harris, in a sense you did bring your
dialog: daughter here to die. You brought her
dialog: here to die to the outside world, be
dialog: reborn again in Christ’s love... She's
dialog: just going through a process, that’s
dialog: all... For whatever it’s worth, I do
dialog: understand how hard it is for any parent
dialog: to give their child to God.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Oh really, do you? And that’s because you
dialog: have children your own?
text: Calm and cool as ever, Reverend Mother then looks Nora
text: straight in the eyes.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: No, I’m afraid I do not. But neither do
dialog: you anymore either.
text: Reverend Mother stares and Nora stares back, both so
text: enraged it’s like they could almost get in a fist fight.
text: Nora then slowly rises, not taking her eyes off her.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Okay well just so you know, and with all
dialog: due respect to you, Miss Whatever-the-
dialog: fuck you want to be called by ...I didn’t
dialog: ‘bring’ my daughter here. I didn’t
dialog: ‘bring’ her here at all... But if I ever
dialog: come back and see her like this again- I
dialog: will take her out of here.
text: Nora heads for the door, but turns back once more.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: You got that- Mother!
text: She SLAMS the door behind her. We hold on Reverend Mother
text: in a complete state of shock. The pressure starting to
dialog: get to her.
scene_heading: INT. REFECTORY - EVENING
text: As Cathleen looks down to her plate to see a large hunk
text: of highly unappetizing meatloaf staring back at her, we
text: can tell how incredibly difficult this is for her.
text: We then notice Sister Genevieve across the room staring
text: straight at her, watching her like a hawk. Cathleen fully
text: aware she’s being watched.
text: Ever so slowly, Cathleen then finally begins to eat. She
text: does so deliberately, one bite after another. One bite
text: after another. One bite after...
text: Before all out of nowhere, Cathleen suddenly starts
text: gagging and grabbing at her stomach, literally doubling
text: over! She gets up to try and excuse herself but
text: immediately falls to the floor, coughing and dry heaving,
text: as her stomach tries to force her food back up. All the
text: other novices instantly rush over to try and help.
text: HARD TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 85.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT - EVENING
text: We watch a small group of Professed Sisters suddenly run
text: for cover, as a heavy rain falls over the convent.
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - NIGHT
text: Inside a small infirmary room we come to a CLOSE UP on
text: Cathleen fast asleep, little sheets of rain from the
text: window outside, reflecting over her face.
text: After a moment, a vague shadow then passes over her face.
text: Now Cathleen suddenly jolts awake, shocked to see none
text: other than Sister Emanuel standing over her. She stares
text: at Emanuel for a long moment, unsure if she’s dreaming.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: I didn’t mean to wake you. Reverend
dialog: Mother asked me to check on you.
text: Cathleen just looks at her. Slowly propping herself up in
dialog: the bed.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: Reverend Mother?
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: Yes. And it’s okay, we don’t have to
dialog: sign, it’s not Grande Silence yet.
text: Cathleen tries to roll over a bit but winces, clearly her
text: stomach is still hurting her.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you hungry? Maybe you should eat
dialog: something.... They asked me to bring you
dialog: soup from the dining hall. Hold on...
text: Emanuel then walks across the room, grabbing a small bowl
text: of soup she left by the door and hands it to Cathleen.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Thank you Sister.
text: Cathleen sits up further and they look at each other.
text: Cathleen then closes her eyes to pray and Emanuel waits.
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 86.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D) *
dialog: So you're from the S.0.C.’s, right? What
dialog: happened you didn’t like it there?
text: Emanuel suddenly looks a bit self-conscious, as if she
text: doesn’t particularly like answering this question.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: It’s not that I didn’t like it. I just
dialog: thought it would be better for me to be a
dialog: Rose. Thought it would be easier.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Easier? But aren’t Roses so much
dialog: stricter?
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: Sometimes when things are stricter that
dialog: makes it easier. I mean, for me I guess.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I wouldn’t know. All I ever wanted was to
dialog: be a Rose.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: You’re really good at it, aren’t you?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: At what?
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: Being a nun. What I mean is, it just
dialog: seems to come so naturally to you.
text: Cathleen pauses, as if she’s never given it much thought.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Not always. But I know I want God’s love,
dialog: and if being a good nun is what it takes
dialog: for me to deserve God’s love, then...
text: Beat. Emanuel thinks about it for a moment.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: I admire you.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN *
dialog: What? Me?
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: I admire your devotion. How much you seem
dialog: to feel. What you’re willing to go
dialog: through. All the passion you feel, it
dialog: seems so real with you.
dialog: +e * HF
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 87.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Isn't it with you too?
text: Emanuel is about to answer, before suddenly another BELL
text: begins to chime. This one indicating the actual start of
dialog: Grande Silence.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: That's Grande Silence, I better go.
text: Cathleen looks a bit disappointed but doesn’t show it,
text: now watching her leave.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Sister Emanuel...
text: Emanuel turns.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: Thank you for coming.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: You're welcome.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENT GROUNDS - MORNING
text: Yet again we watch all the novices, in their silent,
text: exquisite, and disturbingly precise procession, make
text: their way through the convent grounds towards morning
dialog: Mass.
scene_heading: INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Alone in her office, Reverend Mother stares silently out
text: the window, just watching the Novices with an oddly sad
text: expression. We then look down to the window to another
text: mysterious and ominous ENVELOPE placed in front of her.
scene_heading: INT. CATHLEEN’S INFIRMARY ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: With her head resting sideways on the pillow, Cathleen
text: slowly opens her eyes and looks across the room to see
text: Emanuel on the floor praying. Cathleen just watches for a
text: moment, oddly fascinated. Before Emanuel turns and
text: Cathleen pretends she wasn’t watching.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: How long was I asleep for?
dialog: *
dialog: + eH
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy)
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: Not long. You look better today. Are you
dialog: feeling better?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I think so. A little.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: Did you sleep well?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you want me to help you change out of
dialog: your nightgown? You've been wearing that
dialog: one for a few days now.
text: Cathleen suddenly looks panicked, it’s an awkward
dialog: 88.
text: question that she’s not quite sure how to respond to.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Oh umm, that’s okay, I can do it myself.
text: Understanding what she means, now Emanuel looks
dialog: embarrassed.
text: Emanuel then goes to the closet to find a nightgown. She
text: hands it to Cathleen as Cathleen turns her body around so
text: she’s not facing her as she changes.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: Maybe it’s a weird question- But why did
dialog: you do it? Why did you starve yourself
dialog: like that, make yourself sick? Did you do
dialog: it for Christ?
text: Cathleen looks caught off guard, embarrassed. She’s
text: still partially unclothed.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D)
dialog: Sorry, it’s none of my business...
text: Cathleen finishes putting the nightgown on.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: You can turn around now, it’s okay...
text: Emanuel turns then goes and sits on the edge of the
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought I was doing it for Christ and
dialog: to be a better nun....
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: also
dialog: bed.
dialog: +e * HF
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 89.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: But maybe I also thought if I made myself
dialog: starve on the outside, somehow I wouldn’t
dialog: feel myself as much starving on the
dialog: inside....
text: Emanuel just looks at her, curiously.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: But what are you starving for, on the
dialog: inside I mean?
text: Cathleen is speechless for a moment.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I don’t know?
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: It really isn’t any of my business...
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: It's okay. I’m just not used to talking
dialog: to other sisters this way.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: What way?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Just... This way.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: I know what you mean, it’s kind of the
dialog: hardest thing about being a nun for me.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: What is?
text: Emanuel looks at the ground for a moment, then back up at
dialog: Cathleen.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: Friendship.
scene_heading: INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Back in Reverend Mother’s office, she finally reaches for
text: the envelope and opens it. Inside is a small TWO PAGE
text: LETTER, which she then begins to read.
text: Watching her eyes read over the letter, line by line,
text: it’s as if each line makes her more and more upset, even
text: devastated by whatever the letter is telling her.
dialog: + eH
dialog: *
dialog: %
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 90.
text: Reverend Mother then puts the letter back in the envelope
text: and just stares out the window, before she at last begins
dialog: to pray.
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - AFTERNOON
text: Back in the infirmary, we hold a tight CLOSE UP on *
text: Emanuel as she reads out loud to Cathleen. *
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: Let not your hearts be troubled. Believe
dialog: in God; believe also in me. In my
dialog: Father’s house are many rooms. If it were
dialog: not so, would I have told you that I go
dialog: to prepare a place for you...
text: At the same time, we begin to PUSH IN on Cathleen, her *
text: face and eyes, as she listens. Expressionless for a long
text: time, all out of nowhere Cathleen begins to cry -
text: Completely confusing Emanuel.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s wrong? What happened? Did I do *
dialog: something wrong?
text: Cathleen just stares at her through her tears, barely
text: able to communicate. Emanuel looks so confused, not
dialog: knowing what to say.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t understand? I don’t understand? I
dialog: don’t mean to upset you...
text: A beat passes with Emanuel totally frozen, before
text: Cathleen gradually seems to regain herself.
text: We then happen to notice Cathleen’s HAND fall along the
text: top of the bed, with Emanuel’s eyes accidentally looking
text: toward it.
text: They are silent for a beat, Cathleen sniffling, before
text: Emanuel looks at her so compassionately then almost
text: involuntarily reaches her hand over to gently hold
dialog: Cathleen’s.
text: But then in an almost knee jerk and spontaneous reaction,
text: Cathleen immediately YANKS her hand away.
text: Silence. It’s so awkward, both of them so shocked,
text: speechless and deeply uncomfortable. *
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 91.
text: But then Cathleen gradually lays her hand back down.
text: Before slowly, tentatively, exploringly inching her
text: fingers back across the fabric to touch the edges of
text: Emanuel’s fingers. With each of their eyes turned
text: completely away, Emanuel too gradually allows her fingers
text: to intertwine with Cathleen’s. Until finally they are
text: fully holding hands. Beat.
text: Now all out of nowhere it’s Emanuel who suddenly jumps up
text: off the bed, violently yanking her hand away, panicked!
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D)
dialog: Sorry! That was a mistake! I’m sorry! I’m
dialog: really sorry! Don’t tell anyone, please!
dialog: That was a mistake!
text: Cathleen tries to hide her shock and shame.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: No, it’s my fault. I’m sorry!
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: It’s okay. I’m sorry. I have to go now,
dialog: okay.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Okay, I’m really sorry Sister.
text: Emanuel then immediately rushes out of the room, leaving
text: Cathleen alone and in shock.
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: In the hall just outside the infirmary, we watch Emanuel
text: start to hurry away. Crying, she at first walks, then
text: suddenly picks up the pace to a run.
scene_heading: INT. REVEREND MOTHER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Returning to Reverend Mother, she sits alone at her desk
text: with the huge STACK OF VATICAN II DOCUMENTS in front of
text: her, just staring at them and staring at them.
text: Then suddenly, in a fit of wild emotion, she begins to
text: grab all the papers and wildly throw them across the
text: room. It’s as if she doesn’t even know what’s come over
text: her, but can’t stop herself. She’s so hurt and so angry.
dialog: a
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 92.
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD - DAY
text: As a heavy rain begins to fall, we turn to find Sister
text: Emanuel now crawling by herself against the cold stone
text: ground. She is literally soaked to the bone, praying out
text: loud as she enacts her own penance, desperate to punish
dialog: herself as much as possible.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: Lord, make me an instrument of Thy peace;
dialog: where there is hatred, let me sow love;
dialog: where there is injury, pardon; where
dialog: there is doubt, faith; where there is
dialog: despair, hope; where there is darkness,
dialog: light; where there is sadness, joy. O
dialog: Divine Master, grant that I may not so
dialog: much seek to be consoled as to console;
dialog: to be understood, as to understand; to be
dialog: loved, as to love.... Love, love, love,
dialog: love, love, love...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: NT. REFECTORY - DAY
text: In the middle of the afternoon, we find ALL OF THE ROSES
text: oddly gathered and waiting for something. They all
text: whisper to each other, looking around, seeming as if they
text: have no idea what’s going on or why they’re there.
text: At last, Reverend Mother then enters from the front. She
text: looks around for a beat, slowly heads to the podium.
text: As we watch Reverend Mother now standing there in front
dialog: of the entire group of Roses, essentially her whole world
dialog: for so many years upon years, we see how truly pained and
text: conflicted she is about what she’s about to do. She takes
text: a deep sigh, then looks up at them all so tenderly.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Sisters, I have an announcement. I
dialog: apologize this has taken me so long. But
dialog: there is something very important I’ve
dialog: been meaning to discuss with all of
dialog: you.... I imagine by now, at least a few
dialog: of you have heard of something called
dialog: Vatican II. In a nutshell, there have
text: been an ongoing series of meetings taking
dialog: place in Rome over the past 3 years.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: *
dialog: + eH + eH
speaker_heading: + HH HHH HH
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 93.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Meetings which have been principally
dialog: concerned with the current state of our
dialog: church. And with... certain revisions the
dialog: Pope and others felt necessary, in order
dialog: to insure the survival of the church ...
text: We pan around to see the reactions of the utterly
dialog: confused community.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: For myself, I could not be more pleased
dialog: with the results of Vatican II. Or even
dialog: with the brave new direction in which the
dialog: church is now going. Pope John XXIII was
dialog: nothing but visionary, in terms of...
dialog: Umm.... Ummm.....
text: Everybody still just looks around, not quite sure where
text: any of this is going. Reverend Mother just shakes her
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Well, let’s not belabor this... I’m just
dialog: going to read you this memo from the
dialog: Archdiocese, regarding a number of new
dialog: reforms that we will all be adopting as
dialog: of immediately...
text: Reverend Mother then clears her throat, pulling out the
text: same LETTER we saw her holding before. She slowly,
text: deliberately begins to read straight off the page.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: “From now on, please be advised that
dialog: Priests are no longer required to read
dialog: the liturgy in Latin, and should face the
dialog: congregation during Holy Mass.... All
dialog: Catholics are further encouraged to
dialog: embrace the idea of full and complete
dialog: religious tolerance. While we may not
dialog: share the same beliefs as others, we will
dialog: honor and respect each and every
dialog: individual’s belief as their own, not
dialog: persecute others on the basis of their
dialog: beliefs ... Please be advised also that
dialog: all nuns and women religious, cloistered
dialog: and non cloistered, are no longer
dialog: required to wear the traditional
dialog: religious habit as a symbol of their
dialog: lifelong matrimony to Christ. In fact,
dialog: they’re now free to wear what they
dialog: want....”
dialog: +e * HF
speaker_heading: + HH HH
speaker_heading: +H HK
dialog: *
dialog: *
scene_heading: He HH HHH HH HH HF HHH HH HK
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 94.
text: At this, many of the sisters look around at each other, a
text: mutual air of shock. “What did she just say?”
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Regarding the culture of more extreme
text: abnegation and self-punishment, still
dialog: prevalent in many of our communities
dialog: today- Please be advised that according
dialog: to the council, this is no longer
dialog: understood to be the appropriate path to
dialog: follow, for all those seeking greater
dialog: union with Christ... It is no longer
dialog: acceptable to view any acts of suffering,
dialog: self-punishment, or extreme sacrifice -
dialog: as an act of love, or way to gain favor
dialog: with our Lord. We, as Catholics, need to
dialog: learn to understand love in a different
dialog: way... Finally, from here forward and in
dialog: the eyes of both the church and God
dialog: alike, the status of all nuns will be
dialog: reduced as equal to that of any regular
dialog: practicing Catholic. While the choice to
dialog: enter the convent remains one’s own, this
dialog: does not necessarily make nuns any more
dialog: ‘beloved’ or ‘special’ in God’s eyes.
text: We hear a few GASPS through the room, before everyone is
text: suddenly silent. Total devastation. A few sisters then
text: begin to cry.
text: All while Reverend Mother just looks at them all so
text: sadly, compassionately. Perhaps more than anything else,
text: maternally. Like a Mother that feels she’s failed and let
dialog: her children down.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m so very sorry sisters. Enjoy the rest
dialog: of your day.
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - NIGHT
text: Back in the infirmary it is now very late at night.
text: Cathleen tosses and turns in bed for a moment, then sits
text: up, staring pensively off into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - NIGHT
text: With the world hushed and the entire convent gone to
text: sleep, suddenly the doors to the chapel are PUSHED RIGHT
text: OPEN, Reverend Mother charging inside and heading
text: straight for the altar.
scene_heading: He HH FH HH HHH HHH HH HH HHH FH
dialog: %
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 95.
text: MOMENTS LATER, Reverend Mother now lays herself across
text: the foot of the altar, staring up so desperately at the
text: ICON OF CHRIST that looms above. Seeming like a woman
text: who’s lost all footing in the world. She begins to
text: whisper to God, to herself, to whatever’s out there that
dialog: might still hear her....
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Where are you? Where are you? What
dialog: happened to us?... You were always there,
text: for so long, right there next to me. I
dialog: could feel you with me, together with me,
dialog: all the time. My darling husband... Then
dialog: one day, you start leaving me!... Leaving
dialog: me and leaving me all alone, to face this
dialog: on my own...
text: Reverend Mother gradually begins to cry, perhaps for the
dialog: first time in 40 years.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: I bet you think that means I’ve lost
dialog: faith in you too? Because that’s what you
dialog: want. You want me to lose faith, to stop
dialog: believing in you, so I’m the one who
dialog: leaves you first. And then you don’t have
dialog: to worry about my pain..... Well guess
dialog: what, I’m not doing it... I made a
dialog: commitment to you 40 years ago, and
dialog: whatever else happens, even if you don’t
dialog: want me anymore, even if you decide to
dialog: turn your back on me and leave me
dialog: forever... I’m still not losing faith...
dialog: Because you’re all I have, and I need
dialog: you. Everything is just so much harder to
dialog: face without you... My Darling husband.
text: She then rolls over on her back, laying prostrated and
text: staring up at the ceiling, looking everywhere for him.
text: Hoping whatever she said might somehow bring him back.
scene_heading: INT. EMANUEL’S CELL - LATER
text: In the darkness of her tiny cell, Emanuel lays fast
text: asleep, before there’s a knock on her door and she wakes
dialog: up.
text: Emanuel then walks half asleep to the door, only to find
text: Cathleen standing there in the doorway staring right back
text: at her.
text: They just stand there like that for a long time.
text: Breathing so heavily, Cathleen whispers in a shaky voice.
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 96.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Is it okay? *
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL *
dialog: You’re not supposed to be here.
text: But Cathleen doesn’t move, just stays where she is.
text: Emanuel goes back to her bed and sits, with Cathleen *
text: following and sitting on the other end of the bed from
text: her. They are dead silent for a long beat.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D) *
dialog: What do you want from me? *
text: Tears well in Cathleen’s eyes, so confused by her own
text: emotions she doesn’t know how to express it. Long pause.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Do you remember... Do remember before,
dialog: when you asked what I was starving for?
text: Emanuel turns away and looks at the floor.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I just want you to comfort me, that’s *
dialog: all. I just want you to comfort me. *
dialog: Please. Will you please comfort me,
dialog: sister.
text: Emanuel looks at her again, tears welling in her own *
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: I can’t...do that.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Please, please. Please just comfort me.
dialog: Please, just comfort me...
text: They turn to face it each other fully now.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Just comfort me, please comfort me.
dialog: Comfort me. Comfort me. Comfort me.
text: Unable to stop herself, Cathleen then slides across the
text: bed so that her face is only inches away from Emanuel’s.
text: She is fully crying now. Emanuel quietly panic stricken.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL *
dialog: Shhhh, don’t cry.... Okay, okay. I will.
dialog: I‘1l comfort you, okay, please just stop
dialog: talking, stop crying.
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 97.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Please, please, please....
text: Emanuel reaches her hand up and into Cathleen’s mouth,
text: gently pushing her fingers all around and in between her
text: lips. Cathleen let’s her forehead fall to rest against
text: Emanuel’s, now breathing even more heavily.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Please just comfort me. Please just
dialog: comfort me. Please just comfort me.
dialog: Please just comfort me.
text: They then gradually begin to kiss. At first so timidly,
text: as if it is possibly the first time for both of them.
text: Then a little more freely. Then more intensely. Then more
text: passionately. Then more and more passionately, Cathleen
text: unable to stop crying as it happens.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I just want you to comfort me... Please,
dialog: please, please.... Just comfort me...
dialog: Please just comfort me....
scene_heading: INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Before we again find ourselves back in Reverend Mother's
text: office, with she and Cathleen sitting directly opposite
dialog: each other.
text: Cathleen is clearly very nervous, silent for a long time,
text: unable to look at Reverend Mother for fear of being found
dialog: out. Beat.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I take it you’re feeling better?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I am, yes, thank you.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Even though I wouldn’t recommend it- I
dialog: appreciate the devotion you showed,
dialog: starving yourself for Christ.
text: Cathleen just looks at the ground.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Thank you, Mother.
dialog: + eH
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Well, there aren’t going to be any
text: surprises. A few bumps here and there,
dialog: but you've mostly been exceptional in
dialog: your training here.... I really believe
dialog: you belong here with us Sister, doesn’t
dialog: that make you happy?
text: Oddly expressionless, Cathleen just nods.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: You don’t seem happy?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: (unsure)
dialog: No, of course I am. I’m happy.
text: Reverend Mother stares at her, almost compassionately.
text: Almost as if longing for some connection with her.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I don’t know how much you’ve heard about
dialog: Vatican II?
text: Cathleen looks up surprised.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Not much. Just some things I’ve heard
dialog: here and there from some of the others.
text: Reverend Mother tries to think of how to say it, growing
text: even more emotional and confessional.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: You know, when I first came here, when I
dialog: first came to this convent all those
dialog: years ago now... I had nothing.
text: Cathleen looks again. Unsure how to handle her sudden
dialog: candor and intimacy.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
text: Nothing. No home, no family, no one to
dialog: look after me... Nothing.... And the
dialog: church, the church was the only thing to
dialog: ever hold me. The only thing to ever
dialog: embrace me... The church gave me my life,
dialog: my work, my community, even my
dialog: identity...
text: Cathleen just stares at her, a strange moment of
text: connection as if they both understand each other more
dialog: deeply than they thought.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t you see? Now Vatican II wants to
dialog: take all that away. Vatican II wants to
dialog: invalidate all that, for all of us,
dialog: saying none of it matters. That nothing
dialog: we do matters anymore... But then my
dialog: question is - What is it that really does
dialog: still matter.
text: Reverend Mother just stares at Cathleen, who stares back
text: at her. We hold on them looking at each other like this.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT. COLONNADE - AFTERNOON
text: We hear the sound of the mid afternoon bell, as Cathleen
text: is now walking by herself back through the colonnade. At
text: the same time and coming in the opposite direction, is
dialog: Sister Emanuel.
text: Cathleen and Emanuel then cross in the middle, all while
dialog: both maintain such rigidity in their ‘Custody of the
text: Eyes’, it’s hard to tell if they even see each other.
text: Then suddenly Cathleen stops, turns and looks at Emanuel.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Sister...
text: Emanuel turns and looks at her too, but with such vacancy
text: in her eyes, such total absence, it’s hard to tell if she
text: even recognizes her.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMANUEL
dialog: Yes Sister....?
text: They continue to look at each other. As it’s gradually
text: clear Emanuel has no plans to knowledge her. Emanuel then
text: turns and walks away. Beat.
speaker_heading: SISTER CHARLOTTE (0.S.)
dialog: So many things have changed since we were
dialog: postulants... I know that when I first
dialog: had my vocation, that it was real, it was
dialog: a real vocation.
scene_heading: INT. NOVITIATE ASSEMBLY ROOM —- EVENING
text: We again find ourselves in another Chapter of Faults.
text: Sister Charlotte on the floor, confessing before the
dialog: group.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: SISTER CHARLOTTE
dialog: That it was really, truly his voice
dialog: speaking to me... I just don’t know
dialog: anymore if this is really what he was
dialog: calling me for? Maybe he doesn’t need me
dialog: here anymore? Maybe he wants something
dialog: else for me? Maybe he never meant for me
dialog: to be a nun in the first place, and
dialog: doesn’t care what I do. He just wants me
dialog: to live my life, and be a good person and
dialog: be happy.... Or, maybe not?
text: Reverend Mother is oddly calm. She just stares at
text: Charlotte for a moment, then shrugs.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Okay fine, thank you sister. For your
dialog: penance, say 3 extra Hail Marys before
dialog: bed each night. Do it quickly if you
dialog: like.
text: Still staring at the ground, Charlotte waits a beat, then
text: shuffles back to her place. Reverend Mother looks around
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister Cathleen, come forward please.
text: Cathleen looks up, before she too shuffles to the center
dialog: of the room.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister Cathleen, do you have any
dialog: accusations you'd like to make against
dialog: yourself? Any new faults you want to
dialog: share with us?
text: Beat. Cathleen is silent.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Cathleen, did you hear what I said?
dialog: Faults - Do you have faults for us?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Yes, sorry ...I do... I want to accuse
dialog: myself... to accuse myself of... of...
text: But Cathleen seems so conflicted, barely able to get any
text: words out. Nearby, Emanuel looks mortified.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to accuse myself of... Accuse
dialog: myself of... Having feelings...
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Feelings? What kind of feelings?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Feelings I’m not sure I was supposed to
dialog: have... Like, wanting to be with another
dialog: person.... In a way that made me feel...
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Feel what?
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Wanted. Comforted. Loved and... I wanted
dialog: someone to touch me and to make me feel
dialog: something. Something more than God can
dialog: give me....
text: The whole room is silenced. We again hold on Emanuel’s
text: face. Reverend Mother looks angry.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: More than God can give you, what is that
dialog: supposed to mean!
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I don’t know?
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: (genuine shock)
dialog: What does that mean!? Explain yourself
dialog: Sister!
text: Emanuel starts to tremble. Cathleen just shakes her head.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Explain it!
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: But I don’t know how to explain it ...I’m
dialog: accusing myself of being intimate with
dialog: someone, another sister, and of feeling
dialog: love for her....
text: A state of mutual shock then falls over the room.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: And it I don’t think it was a sin,
dialog: because it didn’t feel like a sin. It
dialog: didn't feel like a sin. It felt more like
dialog: the way we’re supposed to feel...
dialog: 102.
text: Cathleen seems like she’s about to cry, her body shaking
text: and trembling, yet somehow she won’t allow herself.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I don’t understand! Were you intimate
dialog: with someone in this room? Who? Call her
dialog: out! Call her out right now!
text: We turn to Emanuel again, she can barely take it.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: No Mother, I’m not going to do that... I
dialog: made my accusation, like you asked. Just
dialog: want my penance. I just want my penance.
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: Cathleen, what EXACTLY did you do!? And
dialog: with WHOM did you do it!!
text: Emanuel continues to remain stone faced.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I’m not saying who Mother! I just want to
dialog: do my penance! Give me my penance!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: I want to know who!
text: Cathleen is still on the verge of tears, but still won’t
dialog: cry.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I just want to do my penance! I just want
dialog: my penance! I want to do my... PENANCE!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: You want your penance Cathleen!!
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Yes, Mother, I do!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
dialog: YOU WANT YOUR PENANCE CATHLEEN! !
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
text: YES, MOTHER, I DOOOOOOOOO!!!
scene_heading: REVEREND MOTHER
text: OKAY THEN I WANT YOU TO CRAWL ACROSS THE
scene_heading: FLOOR, TO EVERY SISTER HEAR, AND BEG US
dialog: ALL FOR YOUR PENANCE!
text: Cathleen is frozen. Now she all at once begins to cry
text: hysterically.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: IF YOU REALLY WANT YOUR PENANCE THAT BAD,
dialog: BEG FOR IT!
text: Her body shaking like a leaf, Cathleen then throws
text: herself onto her knees. Weeping and crying she starts to
text: crawl along the floor, stopping at the feet of each of
text: her sisters, begging them all so desperately.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: I just want my penance! Please give me my
dialog: penance. I just want my penance! I beg
dialog: you for my penance. I just want my
dialog: penance! I just want my penance! I just
dialog: want my penance! I just want my penance!
dialog: I just want my penance! I beg you! I’m
dialog: begging you!! Please, I beg you for it!
text: All while Reverend Mother just watches along with the
text: others, everyone in a mutual state of shock. Some of the
text: girls are now crying, others trembling and shaking,
text: others just hoping it will all to be over soon.
text: Before eventually Cathleen seems to totally collapse,
text: literally imploding into herself, like no more than a
text: frightened, trembling ball on the floor.
text: We then HOLD on Sister Emanuel one last time, before she
text: at last begins to cry too.
scene_heading: EXT. REFECTORY - AFTERNOON
text: Looking at the line of sisters now waiting to enter the
text: dining hall, we see how utterly emptied and diminished
text: the community has become. As if nearly half the community
text: has disappeared in the blink of an eye.
text: We hold briefly on Reverend Mother’s expression, still
text: standing at the door, still formally greeting each sister
text: as they pass - She tries to put on a brave face, but it’s
text: clearly she’s broken inside.
text: At the back of the line, Sisters Emily and Evelyn also
text: whisper to each other.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: Where is everyone?
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: Gone.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: Gone? What did you mean gone?
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 104.
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: Didn't you hear, they all left. Because
dialog: of Vatican II.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL SIDE ROOM - DAY
text: With the now only few remaining NOVICES all gathered in
text: the chapel atrium beside a small RACK OF AWAITING WEDDING
text: DRESSES, suddenly Cathleen, Evelyn and Candace hurry in.
text: Fussing with the dresses, Sister Anne looks up and glares
text: at them.
speaker_heading: SISTER ANNE
dialog: You 3 are late. Is everyone here now? Who
dialog: wants to be fitted first...
text: Sister Anne hands Cathleen her dress as Sister Emily
text: randomly goes over to the rack, starts looking over all
text: the dresses and counting to herself.
speaker_heading: SISTER EMILY
dialog: Why are there only 5 dresses? Where’s
dialog: Sister Emanuel’s?
speaker_heading: SISTER ANNE
dialog: (nonchalant)
dialog: Sister Emanuel’s dress won’t be needed
dialog: anymore, because Sister Emanuel has left.
dialog: She’s not going to be taking vows with
dialog: the rest of you anymore.
text: Suddenly they all turn, just staring at Anne in shock.
speaker_heading: SISTER CHARLOTTE
dialog: Left? What do you mean, she left? Where
dialog: did she go?
text: Anne just looks annoyed.
speaker_heading: SISTER ANNE
dialog: I have no idea. She just left, that’s all
dialog: I know. My guess is she just didn’t want
dialog: to be a nun anymore.
text: As the others all look around at each other in disbelief.
text: We turn to Cathleen, who’s already off-kilter state of
text: confusion has just amplified tenfold.
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT GROUNDS - DUSK
text: Night falls over the Convent, as we hear the sound of the
text: Grande Silence BELL ring out over the landscape.
scene_heading: INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - EVENING
text: Alone in her room, Cathleen is knelt down upon her floor,
text: softly and intimately praying. A halo of light outlines
text: her face.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: Lord, dear Lord. I wish I knew what... I
dialog: don’t know if this is something I need to
dialog: figure out on my own? Or if I should be
text: waiting for some kind of sign from
dialog: you?... If you want me to stay, I’1ll
dialog: stay. But I can’t figure it out... I
dialog: can’t hear you anymore, and I don’t know
dialog: if it’s because you stopped speaking, or
dialog: I somehow stopped knowing how to
dialog: listen... Or maybe the voice I heard all
dialog: this time, wasn’t ever even yours...??
dialog: 
text: She then pauses, trying so hard to listen for him. Just
text: trying and trying and trying, to no avail.
text: MOMENTS LATER Cathleen again begins to carefully undress
text: out of her habit, preparing to change into her nightgown.
dialog: All in the same meticulous and ritualistic fashion we've
dialog: seen before.
text: Reaching down for her nightgown however, suddenly the
text: small CROSS that has hung on her wall all this time,
text: falls onto the floor. Almost like magic, or perhaps this
dialog: is the sign she asked for.
text: Cathleen just looks at the cross with a vacant
text: expression. Before she drops all of her clothes, suddenly
text: standing stark naked.
text: Cathleen walks naked across the room to pick up the
text: cross, lays it on her dresser, then walks out of frame.
text: Music drifts in......
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - DAY
text: We hold tightly on Nora jut as her eyes look all around,
text: clearly anxious and uneasy about something. PULLING BACK
text: we see Nora is also wedged in amidst a SMALL CROWD of
text: people inside the church.
dialog: 106.
text: All dressed in Sunday best, moving and bumping into each
text: other, trying to find seats. As Nora again moves down the
text: center aisle, she notices Reverend Mother somewhere
text: across the chapel, just as Reverend Mother notices her
text: too. They both avoid eye contact.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL ANTE ROOM - SAME TIME
text: The remaining group of second year novices, a mere 5 in
text: total, are all lined up and clothed in their wedding
text: dresses. They wait to have their veils attached.
text: Cathleen makes her way to the head of the line, as an
text: elder sister reaches up to attach her veil too.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - DAY
text: Music fills in even louder, as the ceremony has finally
dialog: begun.
text: With the doors to the chapel opening, all the novices
text: make their way toward the altar, all in perfect single
text: file, keeping such exquisite custody of the eyes, just as
text: we've seen them before. Nora turns to look at Cathleen, a
text: somewhat sad yet resigned expression in her eyes.
text: The procession then all kneel together before the altar,
text: softly bathed in a radiant sort of light that outlines
text: their bodies like a halo.
text: For the very first time with his faced turned and looking
text: directly at the congregation, the Priest then begins:
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Guardian of virgins and father, Saint
dialog: Joseph, to whose faithful custody
dialog: Innocence itself, Christ Jesus, and Mary,
dialog: Virgin of virgins, was committed....
text: We hear someone whisper in the audience,
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION (0.S.)
dialog: Is he speaking English?
text: Before we turn to Reverend Mother, sitting near the
text: front, staring at the altar as if the very sight of the
text: Priest facing her is like a stab in the heart.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I pray and beseech thee by each of these
dialog: dear pledges, Jesus and Mary, that, being
dialog: preserved from all uncleanness, I may
dialog: with spotless mind, pure heart, and a
dialog: chaste body, ever serve Jesus and Mary
dialog: most chastely all the days of my life.
dialog: Amen.
text: Eventually we discover Cathleen, knelt down amongst her
text: sisters, eyes hidden from beneath her veil.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Let us begin the ceremony...
text: The entire room falls silently as the first in line,
text: Sister Evelyn, then moves to genuflect down and kneel
text: before the Priest. He reaches down to her veil.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Sister Evelyn, what is your desire?
text: Looking into the pews, we also see EVELYN’S PARENTS
text: anxiously craning to see their daughter on the altar. And
dialog: from the expression they hold, even we can feel the
dialog: intense pressure on this child.
text: Evelyn waits a long beat, then...
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: With the help of God, I’ve come to know
dialog: in this community both the difficulty and
text: joy of a life completely devoted to him.
dialog: My desire is to make permanent profession
dialog: within this community, and to wear the
dialog: holy habit of the Clare.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: And what is it you seek?
speaker_heading: SISTER EVELYN
dialog: (shaky)
dialog: I seek to take the vows of chastity,
dialog: poverty and obedience. To give my life to
dialog: God for all eternity, to be married
dialog: forever to our Lord, Jesus Christ.
text: The Priest makes the sign of the cross over her forehead.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Bride of Christ, you are now professed.
text: But Sister Evelyn remains completely frozen. She looks so
text: terrified. Before she finally returns to her place.
dialog: 108.
text: Once Evelyn is gone, the Priest motions to Cathleen and
text: she too moves forward, taking Evelyn's place.
text: The Priest lifts Cathleen’s veil, stares into her eyes.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Sister, what is your desire?
text: Beat. Cathleen then pauses for a very long time before
text: speaking. She wears an almost unreadable expression.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: With the help of God, I’ve come to know
dialog: in this community both the difficulty and
text: joy of a life completely devoted to him.
dialog: My desire is to make permanent profession
dialog: in this community, and to wear the holy
dialog: habit of the Rose.
text: Nora shakes her head, defeated. Reverend Mother just
text: lowers her eyes and begins to pray.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: And what do you seek?
text: Cathleen again pauses. Staring at the ground, so lost in
text: thought, consumed in emotion, trying to figure it all
text: out. She looks up again, trying to answer the question.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN
dialog: What do I seek?.... What do I seek?... I
dialog: seek...
text: She then suddenly stops, just staring straight at the
text: ground, paralyzed, the entire room left in silence.
text: Long Beat. Enduring silence.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: What do I seek?... What do I seek?
text: Long Beat. Enduring silence. The Priest stares at her so
dialog: confused.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I seek... I seek...
text: Everybody continues to just wait, the whole room held on
text: a pin.
text: Cathleen then finally looks up again, staring at the
text: Priest as he stares right back at her.
dialog: 109.
text: Before a strange new aura, a new sense of self, of
text: conviction, of peace and understanding gradually awakens
text: in her eyes. Cathleen smiles, she understands it now.
text: HARD TO BLACK.
text: A long silence is held in the vacuum, before we hear
text: Cathleen’s final whisper.
speaker_heading: SISTER CATHLEEN (0.S.)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: I seek something more.
text: The faithful BELL then chimes once more. At the same time
text: as one last series of TEXT appears on the screen.
dialog: In the years that followed Vatican II,
dialog: the Church witnessed a mass exodus of
dialog: nuns on a scale it have never seen
dialog: before.
dialog: 90,000 nuns renounced their vocations and
dialog: left their convents.
text: THE END.
dialog: 110.
dialog: 
