dialog: NOW YOU SEE ME
dialog: by
dialog: Boaz Yakin & Edwart Ricourt
speaker_heading: MAY 2009
scene_heading: DREAMLIKE IMAGES OF LAS VEGAS
text: Float past our eyes: Replicas of Coney Island and the
text: Brooklyn Bridge... the kitschy oversized roman ruins at
text: Caesars Place... the Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe...
speaker_heading: MAN‘’S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Back in the day, magic used to be
dialog: downright disreputable. It was
dialog: practiced in dives and on streets
dialog: by tricksters who were regarded as
dialog: scarcely better than vagrants and
dialog: thieves... which they often were.
dialog: Then sometime during the nineteenth
dialog: century all that changed, and magic
dialog: became the favorite entertainment
dialog: in high society parlors all across
dialog: Europe and America. And magic
dialog: became, of ali things- safe. And so
dialog: it remains, to this day. But
dialog: tonight... all that’s about to
dialog: change.
text: MOVE IN on a dazzling marquee that reads- “THE FOUR
text: HORSEMEN”- the sound of APPLAUSE grows on the SOUNDTRACK, and
text: cUT TO BLACK.
dialog: NOW YOU SEE ME
scene_heading: A SPOTLIGHT ILLUMINATES MICHAEL ATLAS
text: A handsome young man wearing jeans and a T-shirt. Though he
text: radiates confidence his tone is humble; but it’s hard to
dialog: tell if it’s genuine or a put-on:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, we’re
dialog: delighted to have provided you with
dialog: an hour’s divertissement tonight,
dialog: in this first of our three special
dialog: shows. But I can’t in good
text: conscience leave the stage without
dialog: acknowledging that we are living in
dialog: troubled times...
text: REVERSE ON A HUGE VEGAS AUDIENCE: people of all ages and
text: classes pack the auditorium, many nodding in agreement as
dialog: Michael continues:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Jobs are harder to come by.
dialog: Mortgage payments are harder to
dialog: make.
speaker_heading: {MORE}
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT'D)
dialog: Life is harder than ever, while the
dialog: crooks- sorry, I mean, businessmen
dialog: and bankers- who made it harder
dialog: live high off the hog and laugh it
dialog: up at our expense. So I think it’s
dialog: high time we cut into our share of
dialog: the pie...
text: Michael gestures and lights come up on the stage behind him,
text: illuminating THREE MORE YOUNG MEN:
text: RODERIGO SANTAYANA; Latino, splashy bright clothes, a magnet
dialog: for attention, and
text: LONDON OSBORNE; actually from London. Scowl of a football
text: hooligan, always ready to pick a fight, and
text: ALEX HERO; nineteen years old, a bright eyed all-American
text: boy. He looks innocent and uses it to his advantage. He
text: scopes out the crowd for pretty girls while Michael steps
dialog: closer to the audience:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: -- Tonight the Four Horsemen are
dialog: going to make magic dangerous
dialog: again. We’re going to do something
dialog: no one has ever seen on a Vegas
dialog: Stage before. Or ona stage
dialog: anywhere else, for that matter.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Tonight we’re going to rob a bank,
dialog: and you are going to help us do it.
text: A SERIES OF LARGE-SCREEN MONITORS lower into place behind the
text: four magicians, as two leggy ASSISTANTS run in from the wings
text: holding a billowing silken sheet between them.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t want to be accused of,
dialog: well, faking this, so I want
dialog: someone from the audience to
dialog: volunteer his bank for me. Someone
dialog: out there have an axe to grind with
dialog: their bank?
text: The crowd explodes -- everyone yelling out the names of their
dialog: banks- “Omaha Trust!” “Kansas National!” “B of Al” “First
dialog: Savings!”
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: (over the crowd)
dialog: Remember, your money is insured by
dialog: the government.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT! D)
dialog: It’s completely safe. Or so they
dialog: tell us. Why don’t we put them to
dialog: the test..?
dialog: Michael zeros on one person in particular- we’ll call him the
text: MAN FROM PARIS; middle-aged, mustache, natty jacket.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: You, sir. Where are you from?
speaker_heading: MAN FROM PARIS
dialog: From Paris. My bank is the --
text: LONDON calls out from behind Michael in his Cockney accent:
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Credit Lyonnais.
speaker_heading: MAN FROM PARIS
dialog: That is correct. But all of Paris
dialog: goes to this bank...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Which is exactly why we’re going to
dialog: teach them a lesson they’re never
dialog: going to forget.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Want to give the French something
dialog: else to blame us for?
text: The crowd CHEERS.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: All right then. Credit Lyonnais it
dialog: is. Tough one, too. It’s about
dialog: 7:30 in the morning Paris time,
dialog: isn’t it?
dialog: (to the Man from Paris)
dialog: Why don’t you come on up and give
dialog: us a hand, Pierre?
text: The four magicians confer on stage as the MONITORS flicker
text: on, displaying the FOUR HORSEMEN graphic as the man from
text: Paris steps up onto the stage. Michael steps over to him and
text: shakes his hand, leading him toward the monitors:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: (to the Man from Paris)
dialog: Now, I want you to close your eyes
dialog: and focus for me, Pierre...
speaker_heading: MAN FROM PARIS
dialog: Etienne.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: MAN FROM PARIS
dialog: My name is Etienne.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Right. Now focus a minute, will
dialog: you, Pierre..?
dialog: (laughter from the
dialog: audience)
dialog: Concentrate. Think about your
dialog: bank. The branch you go to.
dialog: Imagine the teller. The vault.
dialog: The vault doors. Especially the
dialog: vault doors...
text: The Man from Paris closes his eyes, as does Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you see the bank?
speaker_heading: MAN FROM PARIS
dialog: I see it.
text: The LOGO vanishes off the screen... which starts to blink...
text: AN IMAGE takes shape: It’s video surveillance footage of the
text: bank, and on cue, MELODRAMATIC music begins PLAYING. The
text: audience is enraptured, save for
scene_heading: THADDEUS BRADLEY
text: A grey haired man wearing a beat up old suit that once had
text: style. He snorts derisively at the onstage antics, and is
text: about to take a sip of his WHISKEY AND SODA, when:
speaker_heading: USHER
dialog: Excuse me, sir, you can’t drink in
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: What do you mean I can’t drink?
dialog: We’re in Las Vegas, aren’t we?
speaker_heading: USHER
dialog: Yes sir, but you can’t drink in the
dialog: theater. You can finish your drink
dialog: outside, if you...
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Oh, for crissakes, take it will
dialog: you?
text: The usher takes the drink from Thaddeus’s hand and heads up
text: the aisle -- Thaddeus sees the OLD WOMAN next to him giving
text: him an irritated look; he leans over, reaches behind her
text: head, and comes out with an IDENTICAL WHISKEY AND SODA. He
dialog: allows himself a grin:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: Abracadabra. Cheers, you old cow.
text: And he downs the alcohol, while
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
text: Michael Atlas has positioned the Man from Paris in front of
dialog: the big screen:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Open your eyes. Is that your bank?
speaker_heading: MAN FROM PARIS
dialog: I... I can’t be sure.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Maybe you should take a look around
dialog: it, then. Don’t forget to bring me
dialog: back a few euros.
text: Roderigo and Alex Hero step up, holding a bright red space-
text: age JUMPSUIT.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: You’1ll be passing through
dialog: dimensions, which can be dangerous
dialog: for the uninitiated. This special
dialog: suit Roderigo designed will protect
dialog: you from harm.
text: Before the guy knows it he is clad in the red jumpsuit, and
text: Michael leads him to the SHIMMERING VEIL the two leggy
text: assistants are holding up beside the MONITOR SCREEN.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Take a small step for mankind.
text: The man stands there, hesitating... then he steps forward and
text: walks into the veil. Michael grabs it from the assistants,
text: whirls it around the man’s shape, then lets it drop, and
text: The Man from Paris is gone. Michael looks confused.
text: Roderigo Santayana steps toward the audience and smiles:
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: Please, do not worry. There’s no
dialog: problem... not one we can’t fix.
text: Michael stands in front of the MONITOR, as if dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: My God... ladies and... where did
dialog: he... Pierre!?... can you hear me?
speaker_heading: MAN FROM PARIS (0.S.)
dialog: Allo?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Hello?! Pierre, where are you?
text: ON THE MONITOR, the Man from Paris walks into frame; he looks
text: around, confused... a little scared.
speaker_heading: MAN FROM PARIS (ON MONITOR)
dialog: It’s Etienne. And I’m... in my
dialog: bank, I believe. I’m... in Paris.
text: The crowd strains forward in their seats, totally locked in
text: watching as on the MONITOR the Man from Paris looks around
text: helplessly.
speaker_heading: MAN FROM PARIS (ON MONITOR) (CONT’D)
dialog: What do I do?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: I want you to enter the safe.
text: The Man from Paris walks across the bank -- And Michael lays
text: his hands on the screen as if he is maneuvering the camera,
dialog: sliding the image so we stay with the Man from Paris. He
text: stops at the SAFE.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Now press your hands against the
dialog: safe. Concentrate, Pierre.
text: The man does it. A moment passes, then the vault door
text: clicks.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Now push, mon ami. Push!
text: ON THE MONITOR: The Man from Paris pushes the safe door open,
text: then he walks inside -- There is MONEY everywhere.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh la la...
text: Michael steps back from the monitor, turns to the crowd:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: All zat money just... sitting
dialog: there. Does that seem right to
dialog: you?
text: (the AUDIENCE roars “NO!”)
dialog: Does that seem fair?!
dialog: (“NO!” again)
dialog: Well, I’m nothing if not a fair
dialog: man. Don’t you think we deserve
dialog: some of that cash right here?
text: The crowd roars in approval. The leggy assistants pick up
text: the silken veil and begin running around Michael...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Faster, faster... vite, vite!
text: Faster they go, until Michael is shrouded by the veil, and
text: The assistants stop running. They pull on the veil and then
dialog: let it drop, and
text: Michael is gone.
text: ON THE MONITOR: The Man from Paris turns, looking outside the
text: safe door -- Then backs away as Michael walks in.
text: Michael turns and looks to camera, talking to the crowd
text: watching him in the Las Vegas theater.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: I believe we all deserve a little
dialog: something tonight... or is it this
dialog: morning?
text: Michael grabs a fistful of EUROS and throws it up in the air,
dialog: and
speaker_heading: IN THE THEATER
text: MONEY starts to rain down like confetti from the ceiling onto
text: the crowd, many of whom leap up and snatch bills from the
text: air, scramble for the money that has fallen to the floor...
text: THE OLD LADY next to Thaddeus Brady turns to him, holding a
text: few BILLS in her hand:
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Is... is it real?
text: Thaddeus takes the EUROS from her hand and hands her his
text: drink -- He studies the bills for a moment, then sticks them
text: in his pocket, rises and heads up the aisle, obscured by a
dialog: shower of falling money...
scene_heading: INT. GUARD OFFICE - CREDIT LYONNAIS - 8:50 AM PARIS TIME
text: THE PHONE RINGS, and THE GUARD CAPTAIN answers in French:
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN
dialog: <Hallo? No we haven’t opened yet.>
dialog: (listens)
dialog: <From Las Vegas? In America? That’s
dialog: ridiculous...>
dialog: (listens again)
dialog: <Of course. I understand. Right
dialog: away. ..>
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CREDIT LYONNAIS - MOMENTS LATER
text: TWO GUARDS hurry down the hallway toward the VAULT DOOR. They
dialog: put in dual keys, press a code, and wait a moment -- Then the
text: door swings open
text: EXPELLING A TREMENDOUS GUST OF GASEOUS FUMES, causing the
text: guards to cough and gag, and we MATCH CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. MGM GRAND HOTEL - LAS VEGAS - NIGHT
text: A ROLLS-ROYCE PHANTOM bursts through the SMOKE rising from an
text: underground heating vent. It rolls out of the parking exit
text: and turns onto the strip, mixing in with the heavy Vegas
dialog: traffic.
scene_heading: INT. ROLLS ROYCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Michael Atlas dabs at his forehead with a handkerchief;
text: Roderigo sits beside him, facing Alex and London. Tension is
text: in the air. A silent beat, then:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Did you check out that mad honey in
dialog: the third row? Aisle seat? The
dialog: shizzle. She was giving me the eye
dialog: the whole show, too.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Which explains why you were late on
dialog: half your cues. Don’t let it
dialog: happen next time.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Easy, tiger. Didn’t you see that
dialog: audience? We killed tonight.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Not quite. Everyone was slow on
dialog: their cues. Like doing a show with
dialog: the cast of Dawn of the Dead- and
dialog: not that new fast-zombie remake
dialog: crap, either. I’m talking classic
text: slow-ass shambling old-school
dialog: zombie shit. Lights were a
dialog: disaster. Were we all in the same
dialog: theater?
text: A moment of tense silence between the four men, then:
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: Still, we pulled it off, didn’t we?
text: Michael allows himself to nod, then smile slightly, easing
text: the tension. He looks down at his watch:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
text: Nine a.m. in Paris.
text: QUICK CUT TO THE VAULT IN THE PARISIAN BANK: THE GUARDS rush
text: in, waving away the fumes, and see that whatever money was
dialog: there is GONE.
text: BACK IN THE ROLLS ROYCE
text: Michael Atlas leans back, finally allowing himself to relax.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Tomorrow’s gonna be an interesting
dialog: day.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBS/OUTER VEGAS - MORNING
text: The flat desert landscape stretches away beyond the row of
text: townhouses lining the street. The wind blows. A TOYOTA
text: CAMRY is parked outside a modest house, engine running...
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE CAR
text: DYLAN HOBBES, mid-thirties, eyes more tired than his years
dialog: would suggest, looks out at
text: THE FRONT WINDOW OF THE HOUSE: behind which a WOMAN is
text: visible moving around the kitchen, serving breakfast to a
text: downcast looking LITTLE GIRL.
dialog: 10.
text: Dylan takes in the tableau for a moment, face tensing with
text: self-recrimination.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Damn.
text: He reaches for the car door, and we cut to:
text: THE FRONT DOOR OF THE HOUSE SWINGING OPEN
text: To reveal CATHERINE HOBBES, glaring at Dylan furiously.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: You were supposed to be here at
dialog: seven o’clock. Last night.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I’m sorry Catherine. Something
dialog: came up at work, and...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: And you call last minute, so I
dialog: can’t make any contingency plans,
dialog: and I miss my meeting with
dialog: practically the only clients I have
dialog: left?
dialog: (almost exploding)
dialog: You’re not taking her for the
dialog: weekend. You don’t deserve her.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: It was an emergency, damnit. I
dialog: don’t work delivering goddamn
dialog: pizza! If something happens I...
text: Then Dylan catches himself, seeing the LITTLE GIRL sitting at
text: the table beyond Catherine; her eyes are on her plate, trying
text: to ignore her parents’ fight.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: You’re not keeping me from my
dialog: daughter.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - A MOMENT LATER
text: Dylan steps into the sunny space and sits down across from
text: his morose daughter, whose name is HANNA. He smiles tightly:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hey, baby. Sorry I couldn’t make it
dialog: last night. But I got us all
dialog: hooked up for the weekend, and-
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: You’re never getting back together
dialog: with Mom, are you?
text: Dylan is silent, caught off guard.
speaker_heading: HANNA (CONT’D)
dialog: What did you do to make her so mad
dialog: at you?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: It’s not what I did. It’s what I
dialog: didn’t do.
text: Hanna gives no evidence of understanding that.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s like school. You know how you
dialog: have responsibilities? Get to
dialog: class on time, do your homework,
dialog: talk nice to your teachers... You
dialog: don’t do those things, you get
dialog: expelled.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: Mom threw you out because you
dialog: didn’t do your homework?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Something like that. But I think
dialog: this weekend I’m going to earn a
dialog: little extra credit.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: We’re going to go to that new water-
dialog: park, out on 66. Then...
text: Then DYLAN’S CEL-PHONE BUZZES. Despite looks from both
text: Hannah and Catherine, who is now in the kitchen doorway,
text: Dylan looks down at the number -- His shoulders slump, and he
text: looks back up at his daughter:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s an emergency. When it’s over,
dialog: I’ll make it up to you... That’s a
dialog: promise.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS CENTER - FBI HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: FBI AGENTS are seated around the room. The last to enter is
text: Dylan Hobbes -- still wearing the frustration of his morning
text: on his face. TITLE:
dialog: FBI Headquarters - Nevada Field Office
dialog: 12.
text: The air is filled with early morning banter. Standing in
text: front of a MONITOR is SAC LOUIS HERNANDEZ.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Nice of you to join us, Agent
dialog: Hobbes. Alright, ladies, now that
dialog: our star player is here, let’s cut
dialog: the chatter- we got work to do.
dialog: (the room quiets down)
dialog: Got one for the X-Files, people.
dialog: Our office in Paris called last
dialog: night. There was a bank robbery
dialog: there that took place about 7:30
dialog: a.m., Paris time. Approximately
dialog: one and a half million euros
text: disappeared out of the vault of Rue
dialog: Rivoli branch of the Credit
dialog: Lyonnais. The reason we are
dialog: talking about it here, is this
text: video taken from the vault.
text: THE IMAGE OF MICHAEL ATLAS and the MAN FROM PARIS comes up on
text: the screen.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (CONT’D)
dialog: This is world famous magician
text: Michael Atlas. The man with him
dialog: is, as far as we know, a member of
text: the audience from his show. When
dialog: this image was captured, Atlas was
text: on stage with the Four Horsemen, in
text: the middle of their act at the MGM
dialog: Grand.
text: AGENT FULLER, a big bear of a man, mumbles from the back:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: You’re saying these guys robbed a
dialog: Paris bank -- from Vegas?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: I’m saying that’s what it looks
dialog: like.
text: ON THE MONITOR the audience in the theatre leap and scramble
text: for the MONEY fluttering down from above:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Was it real?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Was what real?
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: The money. Falling from the
dialog: ceiling. Was it real or funny
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: From the little we were able to
text: recover- real as a heart attack.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: So they pull this thing off, and
dialog: don’t even keep the score? Who are
dialog: these guys?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: More pertinently- where are they?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: They’re staying in the Excelsior
dialog: Hotel. Got the entire top floor
dialog: rented out. We called, and they’re
dialog: there. So they don’t appear to be
dialog: particularly worried about all
dialog: this.
dialog: Another AGENT stands:
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Well, what are we waiting for?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: For Inspector Alma Vargas, of the
dialog: Las Vegas Special Investigation
dialog: Unit, to brief us so we know
dialog: exactly what we’re dealing with.
dialog: She’ll be liaising with us on this
dialog: case. Inspector..?
text: ALMA VARGAS, a beautiful young detective with a caustic
text: attitude stands, aware of the instant attention she commands
dialog: from all the men in the room; not necessarily for the things
dialog: she wants to be noticed for. She’s used to it. Alma presses
text: a remote, and an image of THE FOUR HORSEMEN appears on the
speaker_heading: MONITOR:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: The Four Horsemen are like a magic
dialog: superhero team. Each one of them
dialog: was an established magician in his
dialog: own right before they joined
dialog: forces, for what they’re billing as
dialog: three special shows over the span
dialog: of ten days.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (CONT'D)
dialog: Last night being the first. Friday
dialog: they’re in Atlantic City, Wednesday
dialog: next, in Los Angeles...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: -Wow. You read the brochure. How
dialog: did you manage to do all this
dialog: “research,” Inspector?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Police officers in Vegas are used
dialog: to working late hours. Unlike FBI
dialog: agents, apparently.
text: Alma weathers the chorus of boos and jeers that greet her,
text: enjoying it, then continues:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m not done yet. Allow me to drop
dialog: a little more wisdom on you. We’ll
dialog: start with Santayana...
text: A MONTAGE of IMAGES BEGINS as she talks; starting on a SMALL
text: LATINO BOY wandering wide eyed through a small town traveling
dialog: carnival:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Roderigo Santayana was born in
text: Culiacan, Mexico. Ran away from
dialog: home to join a traveling show, just
dialog: dike in the stories...
text: IMAGES OF RODERIGO, various ages, working on all kind of
text: MAGICAL DEVICES; robot fortune tellers, clockwork
text: contraptions, floating crystal balls, coffins with secret
dialog: compartments, etc.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: He's apparently a genius at
dialog: designing mechanical devices and
dialog: illusions. Got his own show on
dialog: Telemundo a few years back...
text: RODERIGO floats over an awed studio audience.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: His special, “Ole Roderigo”, was
dialog: highest rated broadcast behind the
dialog: Mexico vs. Brazil soccer game. Guy
dialog: moves to LA, gets himself a William
dialog: Morris agent...
text: RODERIGO holds court at the VIP table surrounded by silicone
dialog: filled groupies.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.0.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Spends his money on coke and strip
dialog: clubs. He's considered a disgrace
dialog: in the magic community, but the
dialog: boys all wish they were him. Next,
dialog: we have Alex Hero...
text: IMAGE OF ALEX as a young boy in a baseball uniform,
text: repeatedly throwing a ball into his own glove:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Real name, Alexander Hess. All
dialog: American boy. Little League all
dialog: star. Only this boy could care
dialog: less about baseball. What he’s
dialog: into is magic. Sleight of hand, to
dialog: be specific...
text: Alex throws the ball into the glove again; then smiles and
text: opens the glove-_the ball has disappeared. We widen out to
text: see ALEX IS ON STAGE in a television studio: a neon logo
text: behind him reads “AMERICA’S GOT SKILLZ.”
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.0.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Wins a talent competition on the
dialog: tube and becomes an overnight
text: sensation. He immediately gets
dialog: emancipated from his family and
text: moves to Vegas, where he hooks up
text: with the Horsemen. The third
dialog: member of which is a Brit actually
dialog: named London...
text: LONDON OSBORNE reaches a hand out toward the camera, his eyes
text: gleaming with intensity.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.O. (CONT’D)
dialog: London Osborne. He's a mentalist,
dialog: hypnotist. Messes with your head,
dialog: basically. Jedi mind-tricks.
dialog: Supposed to be the best there ever
speaker_heading: WAS +.
text: IMAGES of people lying like planks across two chairs while
text: others jump up and down on their stomachs, an OLD WOMAN
text: impossibly holding a huge FAT MAN over her head, etc.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.0.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Performed on the West End for
dialog: years. Repeat command performances
dialog: for the Queen. But it all went to
dialog: hell one night...
text: London is at a posh club,
text: DRUNKEN CLUBBER pushes through,
text: splashes a drink in his face.
speaker_heading: CLUBBER
dialog: If you’re so bloody smart, why
dialog: didn’t you see that coming? Aren’t
dialog: you the great mentalist? Seventy
dialog: pounds a seat- You’re not worth the
dialog: piss I just took in the back bloody
dialog: alley, mate.
text: London looks icy calm:
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Excuse me gentlemen, ladies...
dialog: (turns to the clubber)
dialog: So you want your money’s worth?
text: IMAGE OF THE CLUBBER in an emergency room, with
text: glass sticking out of his mouth, as the doctors
dialog: remove it without killing him.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.0.)
dialog: Weird thing is, no one there could
dialog: remember if Osborne did it, or the
dialog: guy did to himself. In any case,
dialog: Osborne served three years for
text: aggravated assault. It’s toward
dialog: the end of that time that the Four
dialog: Horsemen came together...
dialog: 16.
text: surrounded by an adoring crowd. A
text: stands in front of London and
dialog: his broken
dialog: struggle to
text: LONDON sits in front the protective glass in a PRISON
scene_heading: VISITING ROOM.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: What are you doing this side of the
dialog: pond?
text: REVERSE SHOWS MICHAEL ATLAS on the other side of the glass.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Came here to make you an offer.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: If you think I’m gonna hold your
dialog: bloody tails for you or do filler
dialog: bits you can sod off. I’m my own
dialog: man.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: I’m not asking you to do filler,
dialog: and I don’t wear tails, bloody or
dialog: otherwise. I’m putting together a
dialog: group- a super-group, if you will.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Like Asia, or something? Remember
dialog: that song, how did it go..? Was
dialog: shite, really.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: More like Cream, or Led Zeppelin,
dialog: or the Dream Team. Three shows,
dialog: that’11l open up a new life for you,
dialog: with more fame and fortune than you
dialog: can imagine.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: I have a pretty big imagination.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Mine’s bigger.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (V.O.)
dialog: What about this Michael Atlas guy?
text: BACK IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Alma turns to SAC HERNANDEZ:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Not much. Born Menachem Joachim
dialog: Murphy in the Bronx. Work out the
dialog: genetics yourselves. First came on
dialog: the radar as a street performer in
dialog: New York. Youtube videos of his
dialog: performances had over twenty
dialog: million hits. He was recently made
dialog: several offers to headline his own
dialog: show in Vegas, but formed the Four
text: Horsemen instead.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: And there you have it.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Thank you, officer Vargas. Good
dialog: work. Now...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Yeah, wow, none of us know how to
dialog: access Wikipedia.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you so much.
dialog: (looks up from his I-
speaker_heading: PHONE )
dialog: In the meantime, while you were
dialog: regaling us with that informative
dialog: yet banal information, I tracked
dialog: down the credit card number of the
dialog: guy from the audience who was in
dialog: the vault with Atlas... Remember
dialog: him? His name is Etienne Glickman,
dialog: and he used the same card to rent a
dialog: room at the Hard Rock for six
text: nights. Tonight being his last.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Think it might be a good idea to
dialog: talk to him before he splits town?
scene_heading: EXT. HARD ROCK HOTEL/CASINO - DAY - AN HOUR LATER
text: A phalanx of UNMARKED POLICE cars pull into the driveway, and
text: POLICE OFFICERS and FBI AGENTS fling the doors open and rush
dialog: out...
scene_heading: INT. UNMARKED CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Dylan Hobbes sits in the driver’s seat, Detective Alma Vargas
text: beside him, Agent Fuller in the back. Alma starts to get
text: out, sees neither Dylan or Fuller is moving:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Aren’t you coming?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: What for? Got an army going in
dialog: there to pick up a little French
dialog: dude.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: You don’t want a piece of the
dialog: collar?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: We got a saying here in the bureau,
dialog: inspector. Collars are for do...
dialog: (stops himself)
dialog: Not an applicable saying in this
dialog: instance. Anyway, cops make
dialog: collars, we solve cases. Knock
dialog: yourself out, though.
text: Alma gives Dylan a disgusted look, then gets out of the car
text: and heads toward the hotel entrance. Dylan watches her back
dialog: admiringly, as:
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Collars are for dogs? Did you
dialog: actually say that?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I caught myself.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Like that shit you followed up with
dialog: was any better?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: She’s into me.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA - OUTER VEGAS - DAY
text: A CADILLAC SEVILLE pulls into a driveway, and THADDEUS
text: BRADLEY- the acerbic older man we last saw at the magic show-
text: gets out of the car. He sees the arm on his mailbox is up,
text: so he reaches for the latch, then
text: FIREWORKS EXPLODE OUT OF THE MAILBOX with a BANG, causing him
text: to jump backward. RECORDED LAUGHTER comes from within the
text: Mailbox, like the laughter at the end of Michael Jackson’s
text: “Thriller.” Thaddeus sighs. Clearly this kind of thing
dialog: happens to him often...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - THADDEUS’S VILLA - LATER
text: Thaddeus at the bar, mixing himself a MARTINI, while in f.g.
text: the TELEVISION IS ON; we hear the NEWS-REPORT:
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (T.V.)
dialog: -- Authorities are responding to
dialog: reports that the French bank
dialog: purportedly robbed during the Four
text: Horsemen's performance at the MGM
dialog: grand was in fact, actually
dialog: robbed...
text: Thaddeus steps into the room, sipping his drink. The place
text: is a shrine to himself, posters and pictures of him
text: everywhere; most prominent being a FOX TV SHOW poster of
text: Thaddeus standing beneath a logo that reads: “MAGIC’S
scene_heading: GREATEST SECRETS EXPOSED.”
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (T.V.) (CONT’D)
dialog: -- Which, if true, has many experts
dialog: saying is the most daring feat of
dialog: magic since the heyday of Harry
dialog: Houdini himself...
dialog: 20.
text: ON THE TV we see images the FOUR HORSEMEN exiting their hotel
text: surrounded by a phalanx of COPS, FBI AGENTS, and NEWS-MEDIA.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (T.V.) (CONT’D)
dialog: -- The media firestorm has made the
dialog: Horsemen, at least for today, the
dialog: most famous act in show business...
text: CLOSE ON THADDEUS: his features tightening with agitation as
text: he watches the tube:
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (T.V.) (CONT’D)
dialog: -- The question on everyone’s mind,
dialog: now: are they going to enjoy their
dialog: fame as free men, or behind bars..?
dialog: cur TO:
text: A ROW OF VIDEO MONITORS
text: Each one showing a separate INTERROGATION ROOM in which one
text: of the Four Horsemen is being held; The images turn from blue
dialog: to red, measuring temperature... Blood pressure... Pulse.
text: There are all kinds of fluctuations happening on the screen
text: for ROOM #1, where young ALEX HERO, hands cuffed, is being
text: shoved into a seat by AGENT FULLER:
speaker_heading: ALEX (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Yo, Pooh Bear, why you got to be
dialog: like that? None of the others got
dialog: cuffed and shit...
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM #1 - CONTINUOUS
text: Agent Fuller steps away from Alex, watched by Dylan and Alma.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: That’s cause none of the others
dialog: called me cute nicknames, Vanilla
dialog: Ice. Besides, you’re supposed to
dialog: be the sleight of hand artist,
dialog: aren’t you..?
dialog: (grins)
dialog: So why don’t you work your way out
dialog: of those cuffs yourself? Be a nice
dialog: trick.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m not giving you any excuses to
dialog: mess my ass up.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Agent Hobbes and detective Vargas
dialog: are right here; no one’s gonna do
dialog: anything to you. You want those
dialog: off, do it yourself.
text: Alex takes a moment, then:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Okay. But I’d like to give them
dialog: back to you. Would you put your
dialog: hands on the table for me, please?
text: Agent Fuller takes a beat, then he leans over and puts his
text: hands on the table.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: This better be...
text: Alex snatches Agent Fuller’s hands, then slams them back down
text: on the table in a single dizzyingly quick motion, and
text: Dylan and Alma reflexively step forward, then stop as they
dialog: see that
text: Agent Fuller is now wearing the handcuffs on his own wrists.
text: Agent Fuller glares at Alex; then reaches his cuffed hands to
text: his pocket, fishing around in there, but:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lost something? Kind of sloppy for
dialog: an FBI agent, aren’t you, Pooh
dialog: Bear?
dialog: (turns to Alma)
dialog: You started on that soda yet,
dialog: miss..?
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: Vargas. Detective Vargas, to you.
dialog: (raises the unopened CAN
text: OF DIET COKE in her hand)
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Feels a little heavy for a diet
dialog: beverage, doesn’t it?
text: Alma’s eyes narrow. She shakes the diet coke can- there is a
text: clinking sound from inside it. She peels the cap off, then
text: walks over to the table and turns it over, letting the soda
text: spill onto the interrogation table, until a SINGLE KEY drops
text: out of the hole and clinks onto the table top.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT’D)
dialog: Hookers do tricks. Next time you
dialog: want to see magic, buy a ticket to
dialog: the show.
text: The three law enforcement officers look at Alex with newfound
text: respect in their eyes. He’s young, but clearly a formidable
dialog: opponent.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Don’t plan on leaving town any time
dialog: soon, Mr. Hero.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM #2 - LATER
text: Roderigo Santayana shakes his head:
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: -- Of course we’re going to leave
dialog: town. We have a show in Atlantic
dialog: City Friday night. If we had
dialog: reason to run we would have already
dialog: been gone, no? On what grounds do
dialog: think you can keep us here?
text: Dylan and Vargas sit in front of Roderigo, Agent Fuller in
dialog: the b.g.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You know very well on what grounds.
dialog: This is some serious shit you’re in
dialog: Mr. Santayana. You’re not on stage
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: No? Then what is this little
dialog: “interrogation room” of yours?
dialog: Lights, gadgets. Lie detectors,
dialog: heat sensors. You even have a two-
text: way mirror. A room that conveys a
dialog: sense of privacy, yet there’s at
text: least a dozen people listening to
dialog: our every word. You put on your
dialog: shows, too, Mr. FBI, I’1l put on
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You crossed the line into my show
dialog: when you robbed a bank-
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: In Paris? While we were in Las
dialog: Vegas?
dialog: 23.
text: Alma Vargas is holding another can of diet coke. She shakes
text: it, hears nothing, so she peels off the cap and takes a sip.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Just ‘cause you were in Vegas
dialog: doesn’t mean you didn’t have
dialog: confederates over there in Paris
dialog: while-
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: Confederates? You have the bank
dialog: video. You saw what everyone else
dialog: saw.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Which was Michael Atlas and a
dialog: member- purported- member of your
text: audience, in the vault. In Paris.
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: Which is impossible, of course.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You think I built a transporter,
dialog: like in a science fiction movie?
dialog: I’m good, but no one is that good.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Right, Mr. Santayana. Which is why
dialog: we’re here. And why we’re gonna
dialog: stay here, until you give us an
dialog: explanation.
text: Roderigo takes a moment, then shrugs his shoulders:
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: Coincidence?
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM #3 - LATER
text: Dylan is looking a little more pissed off now, as he snaps:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: -- That’s your story, after the
dialog: shit you pulled? Coincidence?
text: London Osborne is sitting across table from Dylan and Alma
text: Vargas. His dark eyes burn, his temper always in check.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Good a story as any, oi? Has the
dialog: benefit of being the truth, as
dialog: well.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: And you expect me to buy that?
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: That’s it? The whole great
dialog: mentalist shtick- Just look someone
dialog: in the eye and lie to them? You
dialog: expect that bullshit to work on me?
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Why not? You expect it to work on
dialog: your wife, don’t you?
text: Dylan freezes. The tension in the air is suddenly palpable.
speaker_heading: LONDON (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s her name?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I’m not telling you my wife’s name.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Not your wife. The name of the
dialog: bird you were out with the other
dialog: night, when you told your wife you
dialog: were working late so you couldn’t
dialog: make it on time to pick up your own
dialog: kid -- What was her name?
dialog: (eyes gleaming)
dialog: Or don’t you even remember it?
dialog: There’ve been so many, haven’t...
text: Dylan snaps across the table, grabbing London by the collar.
text: London just stares into Dylan’s eyes, not moving a muscle,
dialog: and
text: Dylan relents, stepping back, aware of the eyes of Alma and
text: Agent Fuller on him. London sits back down in his chair.
speaker_heading: LONDON (CONT’D)
dialog: Coincidence. I’d leave it at that,
dialog: if I were you. But because I know
dialog: you won’t, I’1l simply remind you-
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM #4 - LATER
text: Michael Atlas sits comfortably in his chair, in his t-shirt
dialog: and jeans:
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: -- My lawyers are better than your
dialog: lawyers. Better paid, better
dialog: dressed and better prepared. Which
dialog: is what it’s all about, isn’t it?
dialog: Preparation. We’re prepared.
dialog: You’re not. Which is why, despite
dialog: your tiresome threats to the
dialog: contrary, we are going to walk out
dialog: of here free of charges.
text: Dylan, Alma and Agent Fuller glare at Michael. All looking
dialog: they’ve had it up to here with these guys.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You are one cocky son of a bitch,
dialog: aren’t you? In fact you are a
text: quartet of cocky sons of bitches.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: That’s why we get paid the big
dialog: bucks.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: So what did you need the money for?
dialog: Why risk everything on a stunt like
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: You seem to be forgetting we don’t
dialog: have the money.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Not all of it. But hardly any of
dialog: the cash that fell on that audience
dialog: in your little Robin Hood bit was
dialog: recovered. You could have kept the
dialog: lion’s share for yourselves, for
dialog: all we know.
text: Michael turns his eyes on Alma, studies her carefully.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: It’s clear, detective Vargas, that
dialog: all you know does not amount to
dialog: very much. There’s no way to tie
dialog: the money we- donated- with the
dialog: money from the bank. Unless you
dialog: can put me in that vault, you’ve
dialog: got nothing.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: We have Etienne Glickman.
dialog: 26.
text: Michael raises his eyebrows, as if to ask- "Who?”
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (CONT’D)
dialog: The “audience member” you brought
dialog: up onto the stage. Your plant.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Plant? The little French guy? You
dialog: don’t know the first thing about
dialog: magic, do you? What good could he
dialog: possibly have been to me as plant?
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Obviously you haven’t questioned
dialog: him yet. I wish I could be there
dialog: for that one. I haven’t had a good
dialog: laugh in a while.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: You should check out Jerry at the
dialog: Sands. It’s a goddam laugh riot.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: So I’ve heard. But I’ma
dialog: compulsive workaholic. It’s a
dialog: failing of mine. So unless you
dialog: have a better hand than the one
dialog: you’ve been showing, I’d like to
dialog: get out of here and start
dialog: rehearsals for our next show.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS ROOM - FBI HEADQUARTERS - HOURS LATER
text: Dylan, Alma, Agent Fuller and several others are sitting
text: around, surrounded by empty fast food containers, looking
text: beat. A RE-RUN of Michael Atlas’s interrogation is playing
text: on a monitor. One of the agents groans:
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: I can’t watch this again. What a
dialog: prick.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: They were all pricks. Like they
dialog: were trying to piss us off on
dialog: purpose.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Nothing like rock stars, though.
dialog: Remember when we had to bring in
dialog: U2? Now those guys took it toa
dialog: whole other level of prickness.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Prickishness.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: You said “prickness.” That’s not a
dialog: word. The word is “prickishness.”
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Whoa. Sorry to have blundered into
dialog: your area of expertise.
text: ON THE MONITOR: Michael Atlas grins and says:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (ON MONITOR)
dialog: -- You don’t know the first thing
dialog: about magic, do you?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: He’s right, of course. You people
dialog: really don’t know the first thing
dialog: about magic...
text: Every head in the room turns, to see
scene_heading: THADDEUS BRADLEY
text: Standing in the doorway of the operations room:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: -- But I do. I trust you’1ll excuse
dialog: me for letting myself in
text: unannounced.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Thaddeus Bradley. Probably the
dialog: most hated magician on the planet.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: My reputation precedes me. Still,
dialog: “Hate” might be too strong a word.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Actually, considering how many
dialog: sneaky, vindictive weirdos do hate
dialog: you, I’m amazed you’re still alive.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Am I missing something here? You
dialog: know this guy?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Only from T.V. -- And Wikipedia.
dialog: (turns to Dylan)
dialog: I work entertainment in Las Vegas,
dialog: agent Hobbes. It’s my job to know
dialog: who’s who in town, so that when
dialog: something like this goes down, not
text: everyone is playing catch up.
dialog: (then)
dialog: -Even if it is at the expense of a
dialog: less exciting social life.
text: Agent Fuller winces for Dylan, as Alma rises and walks to the
text: coffee machine.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Thaddeus Bradley has been exposing
dialog: other magicians’ secrets for years.
dialog: Embarrassed them, really. Wickname
dialog: is the career killer. He even had
dialog: a low rated Fox Show for short
dialog: spell, where he...
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: The ratings were fine. The network
dialog: simply didn’t know where to place
dialog: it. Not to mention my books, two
dialog: of which sat on the New York Times
dialog: non-fiction best seller list for
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Whatever. What I want to know is-
dialog: what the hell are you doing here?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Isn’t it obvious?
dialog: (then)
dialog: I’ve seen countless people try to
dialog: figure out the mechanisms of
dialog: countless tricks -- Your faces are
dialog: not exactly flushed with the thrill
dialog: of success.
text: Dylan shakes off his anger at Alma’s jibe, and faces
dialog: Thaddeus.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: We’ll figure it out.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: It’ll take time. Time you don’t
text: have. The clock is on. Three
dialog: shows in ten days- what you saw was
dialog: merely the warm up act.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: And you know this because-?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: I know show business. The magic
dialog: business, in particular. And
dialog: because I know Michael Atlas.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: He was my student. Perhaps my
dialog: brightest. But everything he
dialog: knows, he learned from me.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: And what’s in this for you?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Isn’t that obvious, as well?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Relevance.
dialog: (gathers himself)
dialog: I want my name mentioned in every
dialog: press conference you give about
dialog: this case; and when it’s solved,
text: and the Four Horsemen are behind
dialog: bars, I want to be given the credit
dialog: for breaking it. That’s what’s in
dialog: it for me.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: The FBI doesn’t work with circus
dialog: freaks.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: When in Rome...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I’ll run it by brass. Leave your
dialog: information and we’ll contact you.
dialog: But before you do that, given the
dialog: day I’ve had, I want you to know
dialog: one thing...
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: If you point your finger at my
dialog: pocket, and I reach in there and
dialog: find your card, I swear on my
dialog: mother I will shoot you where you
dialog: stand.
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT TARMAC - NIGHT
text: A LEAR JET THUNDERS OVERHEAD -- Touching down on the tarmac;
dialog: and we cut to:
text: THE FOUR HORSEMEN exiting their private jet, luggage in hand.
text: They walk toward a BLACK LIMOUSINE waiting for them nearby...
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: THE LIMOUSINE glides toward the lights of ATLANTIC CITY
text: glittering in the near distance; we hear on the SOUNDTRACK:
speaker_heading: RADIO D.J. (V.0.)
dialog: -- Let’s cut to the chase: I know
dialog: you're never gonna tell us how you
dialog: did it, or even if you did it...
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION BOOTH - MORNING
text: The FOUR HORSEMEN are seated around an interview table,
text: facing the excitable young D.J., who continues:
speaker_heading: RADIO D.J.
dialog: -- So the question I have to ask
dialog: you is- Are you gonna do it again?
text: London Osborne leans toward his mic and smiles:
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Come see our show Friday night and
dialog: find out.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Word. I’11 be doing my song, too,
dialog: from my new album- “Alex Hero
dialog: steals your Heart”- so bum rush it,
dialog: ladies.
text: WE SEE A MONTAGE OF IMAGES, AS THE INTERVIEW CONTINUES ON THE
scene_heading: SOUNDTRACK -- Dozens of RADIO STATION PHONE OPERATORS taking
text: CALLS, typing in names and addresses into their computers...
speaker_heading: RADIO D.J. (V.0.)
dialog: The tickets to this show are being
dialog: picked by random lottery, and are
dialog: completely free, isn’t that right?
speaker_heading: LONDON (V.0.)
dialog: That's right. Gift to our fans,
dialog: from the Horsemen and our sponsors,
dialog: the good people at Stonebridge
dialog: Life.
dialog: 31.
text: LOTTERY BALLS WITH NAMES ON THEM FLY around inside an AIR
text: CHAMBER, on a local MORNING SHOW -- Alex Hero reaches in and
text: snatches out ball after ball, watched by the show’s HOSTS...
speaker_heading: RADIO D.J. (V.0.)
dialog: We have two hundred seats available
dialog: for our listeners right here, so
dialog: call in if you want to see this
dialog: incredible -- event. I’m not sure
dialog: you can even call it just a “magic
dialog: show” anymore...
text: A COMPUTER IMAGE OF A THEATER SEATING PLAN fills the screen,
text: as SEAT AFTER SEAT IS FILLED UP, turning from blue to red...
speaker_heading: RADIO D.J. (V.0.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Some call you illusionists, some
dialog: call you magicians; now some are
dialog: calling you criminals. What do you
dialog: have to say about that?
text: THE COMPUTER IMAGE DISSOLVES into a HIGH ANGLE of the ACTUAL
text: AUDITORIUM, filled with empty red seats -- A LONE FIGURE
text: steps onto the dark stage, becoming recognizable as MICHAEL
speaker_heading: ATLAS.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (V.0.)
text: A man was nailed to a cross once.
text: Killed in broad daylight by the
dialog: powers that be. He was laid to
text: rest inside of a dark cave, and the
text: entrance was covered over with a
dialog: rock. Three days later, he was
dialog: gone...
text: DOLLY IN ON MICHAEL as he takes in the dark theater:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It took Jesus three days to get out
dialog: of an escape proof vault, and they
dialog: said he was the son of God. I can
dialog: do it three minutes -- So what does
dialog: that make me?
scene_heading: EXT. FBI HEADQUARTERS - LAS VEGAS - DAY
text: CAMERA MOVES TOWARD an upper floor WINDOW, as we hear DYLAN’S
speaker_heading: VOICE:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.0.)
dialog: Son of a bitch...
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT. SECTION CHIEF’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Dylan, Alma Vargas, and Agent Fuller are standing in front of
dialog: SAC Hernandez; Dylan fumes:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: -- I’ve never seen a guiltier bunch
dialog: of perps in my life, and we let
text: them fly off to Atlantic city just
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Then make the case. Right now all
dialog: they’re guily of is being a bunch
dialog: of cocky bastards.
dialog: (angry)
dialog: They don’t have to prove they
dialog: didn’t do it. We have to prove
dialog: they did. Our job is harder, and
dialog: it pays less. Way of the world.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What about their staff?
dialog: Stagehands? Employees?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: We have whatever personnel we can
dialog: spare on it, but-
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
text: Cogs in a machine. The Horsemen
dialog: employ dozens of people at any
dialog: given show; each person seems to
dialog: know just enough to allow them to
dialog: do their job. Maybe somebody’s
dialog: wise to something, but I doubt it.
dialog: And magic people are a tight lipped
dialog: bunch, as it is. I doubt we’ll get
dialog: far. Certainly not in three days.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: So that’s it? That’s all you got?
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: We still got the French guy.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Not for long. Got a call from the
dialog: State Department. Either you pin
dialog: something on him that can stick, or
dialog: he’s on tonight’s flight back to
text: the land of frog legs and cheese.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - LATER
text: ETIENNE GLICKMAN, exhausted and irate, is sitting opposite
text: the table from Alma, who is alone in the room with him.
speaker_heading: ETIENNE GLICKMAN
dialog: I told you once, I told you twice,
dialog: I’1l tell you an ‘undred times: I
dialog: was in the theater, here in Las
dialog: Vegas, yes? They call me to the
dialog: stage, they wrap me in a fabric,
text: and suddenly I am in a small room
dialog: with a nice couch, where I am
text: served coffee and cakes by a pretty
dialog: girl. Not as pretty as you, but
dialog: pretty enough-
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: I’m sure she was. Go on, Mr.
dialog: Glickman.
speaker_heading: ETIENNE GLICKMAN
text: After a few minutes the lights are
dialog: turned off and I find myself back
text: on the stage next to Mr. Atlas.
text: Money is falling everywhere,
text: everyone is going mad, and no one
dialog: cares about me anymore. Finis.
text: Alma turns to a MONITOR on which video from the Parisian bank
dialog: vault is playing:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Are you saying that is not you?
speaker_heading: ETIENNE GLICKMAN
dialog: Yes. I mean, it looks like me, but
dialog: it is not me. I don’t even
dialog: remember the last time I went into
dialog: the bloody bank, I only use the
dialog: ATM...
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: We ran a scan on your voice from
text: the tape, Mr. Glickman, and it
text: matches up as well.
scene_heading: INT. OBERSERVATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Dylan and Agent Fuller and several others are watching on a
text: monitor outside the interrogation room:
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: ETIENNE GLICKMAN (ON MONITOR)
dialog: It’s a trick, no? Do you think I
dialog: really traveled through dimensions?
dialog: That is what these people do- magic
dialog: tricks. I’m a law abiding man,
dialog: it’s not my job to know how they do
dialog: these things. If you are too
dialog: stupid to figure it out, it’s not
dialog: my problem...
text: Dylan and Agent Fuller turn away from the monitor, look at
dialog: each other. They know what they have to do.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: shit.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - MGM GRAND - NIGHT
text: THADDEUS BRADLEY walks into the auditorium where Dylan, Agent
text: Fuller and Alma are waiting, standing near the empty stage.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: My name. Correctly pronounced,
dialog: every time a press conference is
dialog: given. Correctly spelled in every
dialog: press release. And credit for...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: For “breaking the case.” Done.
dialog: But the case has to get broken
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: And the reason for meeting in such
dialog: theatrical environs?
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: You’re going to show us how they
dialog: pulled it off, right?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: And you think anything on this
dialog: stage or auditorium had anything to
dialog: do with it?
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: You really are an organization of
dialog: rubes, aren’t you? I’m surprised
dialog: anyone ever gets caught at all...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Are you breaking some kind of
dialog: magician’s code if you aren’t
dialog: acting like a complete asshole?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (steps close to Thaddeus)
dialog: You don’t start coming up with the
dialog: goods, right now, I’m gonna call
dialog: the IRS and have them back audit
dialog: you for every fiscal year of your
dialog: goddamn pathetic life. How’s that
dialog: for a trick?
text: Thaddeus locks eyes with Dylan -- Not someone to be trifled
dialog: with, either. Then:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: The first mistake one could make
dialog: would be to assume that the robbery
dialog: actually occurred on the night of
dialog: the performance -- when it
dialog: happened some seventy six hours
dialog: earlier. With the preparations for
dialog: it taking up at least the better
dialog: part of the week, on the streets of
dialog: Paris.
scene_heading: IMAGE OF MICHAEL ATLAS, RODERIGO AND LONDON OSBORNE walking
text: through the crowded throng on the CHAMPS ELYSEES, blending in
text: with minimal disguises; a baseball hat, sunglasses, etc.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (V.O.)
dialog: We might be rubes, but we’re not
dialog: stupid. That's the first thing we
dialog: checked. The Horsemen haven't left
dialog: the country in months. And-
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.O.)
dialog: And fake passports are so hard to
dialog: pull off?
text: BACK TO DYLAN: Shaking his head:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: They are, these days.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Well, that would be your area of
dialog: expertise more than mine, wouldn’t
dialog: it, Agent Hobbes? I am simply here
dialog: to tell you that somehow it was
dialog: accomplished, and-
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Uh uh. They’ve been here in Vegas
dialog: rehearsing their show for the past
dialog: few weeks. There are plenty of
dialog: witnesses who saw them every day...
dialog: 36.
text: IMAGES OF MEMBERS OF THE HORSEMEN in various locations, seen
text: from the POV’s OF NEARBY SPECTATORS: RODERIGO, rehearsing
text: the gears of a gimmick on-stage; LONDON OSBORNE, walking
text: purposefully through a casino mall; MICHAEL ATLAS, getting
text: takeout at a restaurant, waving to a fan...
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Talk to the those witnesses again.
dialog: Ask them if they saw more than one
dialog: of the Horsemen at a time, and how
dialog: close they got to them.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (V.0O.)
dialog: You're saying one of these guys
dialog: stayed behind and disguised himself
dialog: as the other guys for an alibi?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.0.)
dialog: Is that so difficult to conceive?
dialog: Speaking of which, did you enjoy
dialog: your interrogation of that poor
dialog: French fellow? What was his name?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.0.)
dialog: Glickman. Etienne Glickman.
text: IMAGES OF ETIENNE GLICKMAN walking blithely through th
text: atreet in PARIS -- RODERIGO is following him, snapping
text: with a powerful POCKET CAMERA; ALSO SNAPPING PHOTOS 0:
text: SEVERAL OTHER MEN HE IS SHADOWING...
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.0.)
text: Tickets for the Horsemen's shows
dialog: are sold long in advance. In
dialog: August there are plenty of French
dialog: tourists in Vegas. I imagine they
dialog: advertised heavily on the streets
dialog: of Paris all of July...
text: IT’S TRUE: As Roderigo follows a man in the metro, he passes
text: a large BILLBOARD for the FOUR HORSEMEN on the wall of the
dialog: station.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: -- They checked the names on the
dialog: credit card reservations from
dialog: Paris; then followed those men,
dialog: photographed several of them to be
dialog: safe in case of a cancellation, and
dialog: created make-up for each one...
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: THE PHOTOS OF FIVE FRENCH MEN- ETIENNE GLICKMAN AMONG THEM-—
text: ADORN A WALL, below which a pair of dextrous HANDS prepares
text: rubber molds and fake hair for disguises.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: -- The make-up would only need to
dialog: be minimally suggestive, given the
dialog: quality of the security camera
dialog: image. On the night of the robbery
dialog: they repeated their little act for
dialog: the camera three or four times with
dialog: several different make-ups, and
text: used the tape of Mr. Glickman only
dialog: when they saw he was at the show...
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (V.0.)
dialog: Wait a minute. That doesn’t wash.
dialog: Even with make-up, how would they
dialog: know what he’d be wearing on the
dialog: night of the show?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.0O.)
dialog: They couldn't, of course. Why do
dialog: you think they put him in that
text: ridiculous red jumpsuit before
dialog: “transporting” him? You didn’t
dialog: think it was actually for-
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.0O.)
dialog: Traveling through dimensions? No
dialog: we did not, Mr. Bradley. Please
dialog: continue.
text: IMAGES OF ETIENNE GLICKMAN BEING WRAPPED IN THE JUMPSUIT --
text: then of SOMEONE DISGUISED AS HIM in the security camera
text: footage, wearing the red jumpsuit -- then the same thing
text: repeated with several different “disguises.”
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.0.)
dialog: The first thing to look for in any
dialog: illusion is, what is essential and
dialog: what ig not? Anything that isn’t,
dialog: disguised as showmanship, is there
dialog: for a very specific purpose. In
dialog: this case the red jumpsuit was put
dialog: on to cover the clothing, its
text: garishness to draw attention from
text: the face and the hastily applied
dialog: make-up.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.0.)
dialog: Why bother with the whole French
dialog: guy schtick, in the first place?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.O.)
dialog: To make the illusion real. To make
dialog: the audience, and you, think what
dialog: they were seeing was taking place
dialog: then and there.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.0.)
dialog: What about the voice match?
text: IMAGE OF MICHAEL ATLAS standing next to ETIENNE GLICKMAN at a
text: bistro, as he orders a coffee -- IN MICHAEL’S SHOULDER BAG is
text: a RECORDING DEVICE.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.0.)
dialog: That wouldn’t be much of a problem.
dialog: If they were tailing these guys,
dialog: they could've easily recorded their
text: voices and cut something together
dialog: later...
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (V.0O.)
dialog: What I want to know is, how did
text: they get him to vanish off the
dialog: stage like that?
text: BACK IN THE THEATER: Dylan and Alma turn and look at Fuller
dialog: with raised eyebrows:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (CONT’D)
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: For questions like that I refer you
dialog: to the box set of the first season
dialog: of my show-
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: There only was one season.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: -Available for thirty nine ninety
dialog: five on Amazon, or on my website.
dialog: Am I here to teach you parlor
dialog: tricks or help you solve a crime?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Which you said happened seventy two
dialog: hours earlier. How did you come up
dialog: with that number?
text: IMAGE OF THE FRENCH GUARDS opening the vault door, running
text: inside, only to cough and gag at the FUMES in the air...
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.O.)
dialog: If you examine the vault with those
dialog: scientific instruments you people
dialog: are so proud of, I believe you'll
dialog: find traces of dioxide
text: hydrosulfate. Known colloguially in
dialog: my circles as "Vanishing Juice.”
text: IMAGES OF HUGE WADS OF EUROS being doused in a chemical bath.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: When paper of a certain make is
text: treated with it, it instigates a
dialog: chemical reaction that causes
dialog: complete disintegration,
dialog: accompanied by rather noxious
text: fumes, exactly eighty hours later.
text: Like milk curdling on a dime.
dialog: Illusionists have been using it for
dialog: centuries. The thing is, you have
dialog: to time your gag just right, or you
dialog: might miss the moment...
text: IN THE VAULT, WE SEE MICHAEL ATLAS and the disguised MAN FROM
text: PARIS replacing the EUROS that are there with different Euros
dialog: from their own bags.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: They made counterfeit cash out of
dialog: this paper- and I'll thank you not
dialog: to ask me how counterfeit cash is
dialog: made. They treated it several
text: hours before entering the vault,
dialog: then switched it with the real
dialog: money, so that no one would notice
dialog: anything was missing. In the
dialog: minimum time remaining they escaped
dialog: with the real cash, made it to
dialog: Vegas and on-stage in time for the
dialog: show. They do their bit, the
text: guards in Paris fling open the
text: vault door and on cue- pffff. There
dialog: must have been a lot of Credit
dialog: Lyonnais customers wondering what
dialog: was happening in their wallets that
dialog: MOINING««+
scene_heading: IMAGES of FUMES POURING FROM PARISIANS’ POCKETS -- WALLETS
text: SMOKING in people’s hands, CASH DISSOLVING IN FRONT OF THEIR
dialog: EYES...
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.0.)
dialog: They still had to rob that bank.
dialog: 40.
text: BACK TO THADDEUS: He turns to Dylan and sighs:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Which is, again, your area of
dialog: expertise. You are going to earn
dialog: some of your meager salary, aren’t
dialog: you, Agent Hobbes?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: You say the Horsemen didn’t know
dialog: which guy from the audience they
dialog: would use until the last minute.
dialog: Yet the bank’s tape showed Michael
dialog: Atlas and Etienne Glickman in the
dialog: vault. That means someone had to
dialog: be there, at the time of the
dialog: performance, to put that tape in
dialog: their system. Which means they had
text: an accomplice on the inside.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: The French cops ran polygraphs on
text: the bank guards. They all passed
text: with flying colors.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: (to Alma)
dialog: Not bad, detective. I believe you
dialog: to be correct. But it was not
text: necessarily a willing accomplice.
dialog: Or should I say, a conscious one...
text: IMAGE OF THE BANK GUARD CAPTAIN, receiving a phone call; the
dialog: scene we saw earlier, right after the performance:
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN
dialog: <Hallo? No we haven’t opened yet.>
dialog: (listens)
dialog: <From Las Vegas? In America? That’s
dialog: ridiculous...>
text: CUT TO LONDON OSBORNE, on his cel-phone, walking toward the
text: LIMOUSINE in the MGM GRAND PARKING AREA where the other
text: Horsemen are waiting for him:
speaker_heading: LONDON (INTO PHONE)
dialog: (In French)
dialog: <Pineapple. You understand?>
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN (ON PHONE)
dialog: <Of course. JI understand. Right
dialog: away.>
dialog: 41.
text: IN THE BANK SECURITY OFFICE: The GUARD CAPTAIN, now looking
text: somewhat dazed, hangs up the phone. Walks to a drawer nearby,
text: opens it, and finds a TAPE waiting for him. He picks it up,
text: moves to the BANK OF MONITORS, and pops out the OLD TAPE.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.0.)
dialog: Okay. Here’s where I draw the
dialog: dine...
text: BACK IN THE MGM THEATER: Dylan is shaking his head, he’s
dialog: heard enough:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: -- You want me to believe that some
dialog: guy could be hypnotized days in
dialog: advance to respond to a code word,
dialog: like something out of “The
dialog: Manchurian Candidate?” I thought
dialog: you exposed tricks, man.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Mentalism- guessing the future and
dialog: the card in your hand and all that-
dialog: depends on tricks. Hypnotism is
dialog: the real deal...
text: IMAGE OF LONDON OSBORNE, disguised as a repair-man, talking
text: earnestly to the GUARD CAPTAIN OF THE BANK; behind them we
text: SEE ALEX HERO, slipping past unseen, sliding a TAPE INTO A
text: DRAWER in the back.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: -- Practiced by an expert it’s an
dialog: extremely potent method of inducing
dialog: its subject to action. Especially
dialog: action which falls within the scope
dialog: of the subject’s usual patterns...
text: BACK TO THADDEUS: We move in his darkly intelligent eyes, his
dialog: voice soft:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: You referred to us as “circus
dialog: freaks,” as I recall. So I will
dialog: tell you this-
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: London Osborne is the best at what
dialog: he does. Much as I dislike these
dialog: boys, they all are. Their next
dialog: show is in less than forty eight
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: Were I in your shoes, I would not
dialog: make the mistake of underestimating
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: A CROWD OF EXCITED FANS
text: Mostly women, holding signs adorned with images of the FOUR
text: HORSEMEN, chanting their names; seen through the glass doors
text: of a hotel lobby -- SUPERIMPOSE TITLE:
dialog: Trump Hotel - Atlantic City - Friday
text: DOLLY OVER to find DYLAN HOBBES, standing at a PAY-PHONE:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: -- I’m sorry Hanna... I am so sorry
dialog: I can’t be there this weekend. I’m
dialog: working... I have to catch some bad
dialog: men, and-
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Yeah, I know you’re not a child.
dialog: Yeah, yeah, I know you’re not a
dialog: retard... I don’t mean to talk to
dialog: you like one. I’m trying to catch
dialog: those guys, the ones on the news...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No, they are not f-ing cool. Don’t
dialog: use that kind of language. They’re
dialog: criminals, and I’m gonna catch
dialog: them. And- Hanna? Hanna...
text: A beat. Dylan hangs up the phone; looks like he’s thinking of
text: dialing again... but doesn’t. He walks over to where ALMA
text: VARGAS is waiting.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Payphone?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: My wife- ex-wife- hangs up when she
dialog: sees my number. If I catch her off-
dialog: guard I can usually talk my way
dialog: into a conversation with my little
dialog: girl.
text: Alma studies Dylan, then looks out at the crowd, shaking her
dialog: head:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: It’s like Beatlemania or something.
dialog: (then)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (CONT'D)
dialog: You think Thaddeus is right? That
dialog: they’re going to try it again?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: That’s why we’re here, isn’t it?
text: THADDEUS BRADLEY is visible across the hotel lobby, talking
text: to the concierge.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Do you trust him?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Not sure. Which is why we brought
dialog: him here, but didn’t give him
dialog: anything to do. I’m gonna shadow
dialog: him- see if he leads us to water.
dialog: You wait for the Horsemen to come
dialog: down, stay on them from the minute
dialog: they leave the hotel -- Got Fuller
dialog: and the others situated between
dialog: here and the theater...
text: Alma nods, but Dylan doesn’t leave; there is some
text: electricity in the air between them:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Listen, detective Varg... Alma.
dialog: Since joining the bureau I haven’t,
dialog: well, interfaced with LVPD, not
dialog: since I was a cop myself. I just
dialog: want you to know, that, well-
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Do you really need it, Agent
dialog: Hobbes?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Need what?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Another excuse not to spend time
dialog: with your daughter.
text: Dylan is stung silent. Then his eyes shift, as he sees:
text: THADDEUS BRADLEY buttoning up his jacket and exiting the
text: hotel through a side door, heading out into the street.
text: Dylan turns without another word and follows after Bradley.
speaker_heading: HOLD ON ALMA
dialog: Feeling she might have gone too far, and we cut to:
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: EXT. PARADISE THEATER - ATLANTIC CITY - EVENING
text: A HUGE CROWD is gathered beneath the marquee, which reads:
scene_heading: STONEBRIDGE LIFE presents THE FOUR HORSEMEN -- AGENT FULLER
text: scans the area, and speaks into his CEL-PHONE:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Yo, Dylan. Hours before showtime,
dialog: and there’s already a huge freakin’
dialog: crowd here. We’re in the wrong
dialog: business. You on the old freak?
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC CITY MALL - CONTINUOUS
text: Dylan is moving through the densely crowded space, keeping
text: distance between himself and Thaddeus; he whispers into his
dialog: ear-piece:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (ON PHONE)
dialog: Yeah- But this guy has eyes in the
dialog: back of his head. Try not to...
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hold on, I’ve got a text. Damn.
dialog: Cathy, busting my balls for calling
dialog: Hanna, and-
text: Dylan looks up- he was just distracted for an instant- but
text: his face fills with concern:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Shit. I’ve lost him. Shit.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (ON PHONE)
dialog: What do you mean lost him?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I mean he’s gone. I will call you
dialog: back. Shit.. Shit...
text: Dylan hurries into the crowd, looking in every direction,
text: trying at the same time not to make himself too conspicuous,
text: the sound of the crowd growing louder and louder, and we make
dialog: a hard cut to:
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY BAR - TRUMP HOTEL - AN HOUR LATER
text: Silence. Alma sits on a stool at the bar, nursing a half-
text: finished DIET-COKE. Sips at it. Calls to the BARTENDER:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Excuse me- this soda is kinda flat.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You been working on it for a while.
text: She starts to answer, when the SWEATY BUSINESSMAN next to her
dialog: gets his courage up enough to make conversation:
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: In town for the show, right?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: For the magic show. Or just here
dialog: to try your luck?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Little bit of both.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: Robin Hoods, right?
dialog: (Alma raises an eyebrow)
dialog: Steal from the rich, right? Why
dialog: should those scumbags have it all,
dialog: right? Spread the goods. Socialism
dialog: my ass. Spread it around, right?
text: Alma doesn’t know what to answer- then there is a TREMENDOUS
text: SHOUT from outside, and she turns to see
text: THE FOUR HORSEMEN exiting the elevator into the lobby,
text: flanked by a PHALANX OF SECURITY; they move toward the front
text: doors, as the excited crowd outside presses in towards them.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: (into her ear-piece)
dialog: In case anyone was wondering what
dialog: that earthquake was -- They’re on
dialog: the move.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
speaker_heading: ALMA pushes
dialog: autographs,
dialog: them; there
speaker_heading: CHAOS:
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE HOTEL - MOMENTS LATER
text: her way out into the crowd, as the magicians sign
text: making their way toward the limousine waiting for
text: is media everywhere. NEWSCASTER’S VOICE OVER THE
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (V.O.)
dialog: -- The Four Horsemen, getting a
dialog: reception usually reserved for rock
dialog: stars, prepare to head to the
dialog: historic Paradise Theater, and
dialog: every bank, everywhere, is on high
dialog: alert -- Whatever these self-styled
dialog: maverick magicians have planned,
dialog: this time it will certainly have to
dialog: be done without the benefit of the
dialog: element of surprise...
scene_heading: EXT. SKYSCRAPER - DOWNTOWN MANHATTAN - EVENING
text: CAMERA LOOKS up at the towering building, and THE FIGURE OF A
text: MAN steps into frame, stopping to let the traffic pass in
text: front of him. Hold on his back, as we SUPERIMPOSE THE TITLE:
dialog: New York City - That Very Moment
text: The figure steps forward, crosses the street, and enters the
text: front doors of the massive building.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: The walks up to the security desk, and stops in front of the
speaker_heading: GUARD:
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Can I help you?
text: REVERSE ON THE MAN -- Glasses, mustache, nondescript. We know
dialog: we’ve seen him before; in fact, that he is someone we know,
text: but in disguise. We just can’t tell who. He speaks with a
dialog: strange off-kilter accent:
speaker_heading: DISGUISED MAN
dialog: I’m going up to my office.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: And you are-?
speaker_heading: DISGUISED MAN
dialog: (showing ID)
dialog: Kaplan. George Kaplan.
dialog: The Security Guard processes the ID; then:
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Nice to finally meet you, Mr.
dialog: Kaplan.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INT. 27TH FLOOR - BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER
text: “Mr. Kaplan” exits the elevator, putting on a pair of FLESH
text: COLORED LATEX GLOVES, as he walks across the hallway toward
text: glass door on which the logo is printed: KAPLAN INC.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION AREA - KAPLAN INC. - CONTINUOUS
text: Mr. Kaplan enters, and the YOUNG WOMAN behind the reception
text: desk, A TEMP, looks up, almost surprised:
speaker_heading: YOUNG TEMP
dialog: Hello? Can I help you, Mr..?
speaker_heading: MR. KAPLAN
dialog: Kaplan. You can call me George.
speaker_heading: YOUNG TEMP
dialog: Oh, Mr. Kaplan. I was wondering if
dialog: anyone ever came to work here. I
dialog: don’t even think I’ve gotten a
dialog: phone call since I-
speaker_heading: MR. KAPLAN
dialog: Slow times. You can go home now, I
dialog: won’t be needing you anymore.
speaker_heading: YOUNG TEMP
dialog: Should I come in tomorrow? Because
dialog: I should tell the agency my...
speaker_heading: MR. KAPLAN
dialog: That won’t be necessary. I’11l make
dialog: sure to tell the temp agency you
dialog: did a bang up job.
text: The temp rises, gathering her things, then:
speaker_heading: YOUNG TEMP
dialog: If you don’t mind my asking, what
dialog: is it you do around here, anyway?
speaker_heading: MR. KAPLAN
dialog: Oh, you know. A little of this, a
dialog: little of that.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Good night.
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - KAPLAN INC. - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mr. Kaplan steps into the spacious, but almost bare office.
text: There is a single desk in the middle of the room, with a
text: laptop computer and a telephone on it -- Mr. Kaplan sits at
text: the desk, looks up a phone number, then picks up the phone,
dialog: dials, and:
scene_heading: INT. STONEBRIDGE LIFE OFFICES - CONTINUOUS
text: AN OFFICE ASSISTANT picks up the phone; behind her we can
text: see the logo for STONEBRIDGE LIFE:
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
text: Arthur Tressler’s office.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - KAPLAN INC. - CONTINUOUS
text: Mr. Kaplan speaks into the phone with a completely different
dialog: accent:
speaker_heading: MR. KAPLAN
dialog: Hi Julie, this is Stewart, from
dialog: Four Horsemen management. I just
dialog: wanted to check if Mr. Tressler
dialog: will be at the show tonight, and
dialog: see if there’s anything further we
dialog: can do for him?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT (ON PHONE)
dialog: Mr. Tressler’s already in Atlantic
dialog: City. Thanks for calling- if he
dialog: needs anything, we’ll let you know.
speaker_heading: MR. KAPLAN
dialog: My pleasure.
text: He hangs up the phone. Then he opens up a drawer, where we
text: see a number of KEYS, ACCESS CARDS, AND MINI-HARD DRIVES.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mr. Kaplan turns the corner and stops in front of the SERVICE
text: ELEVATOR. He takes out a key, and turns it in the elevator’s
dialog: lock...
scene_heading: INT. UPPER FLOOR CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mr. Kaplan comes out of the service elevator and into the
text: corridor. He stops in front of a back door, swipes the
text: electronic LOCK with an ACCESS CARD, and enters
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE SPACE - CONTINUOUS
text: -- a hallway in a modern, corporate space. He walks casually
text: down the hall, then stops at the corner, cautiously peering
dialog: around it, to see
text: THE OFFICE ASSISTANT he was just speaking to at her desk in
text: front of the STONEBRIDGE LIFE logo -- The two offices are in
dialog: the same building.
text: Mr. Kaplan looks to the side, where he see a FIRE ALARM on
text: the wall beside him; he contemplates it for a second, then
text: shakes his head at the vulgarity of the idea. He turns back
text: toward the assistant’s desk -- sees there is a MAN working
text: late in another office. So Mr. Kaplan clears his throat,
text: gauges the angle, and speaks at a volume (“throwing his
text: voice”) that makes it seem like his voice is coming from the
speaker_heading: MAN’S OFFICE:
speaker_heading: MR. KAPLAN
dialog: Hey, Julie- can you come here for a
dialog: minute?
text: The assistant gets up and walks to the far office; and like a
text: wisp of smoke Mr. Kaplan glides by behind her and walks to
text: the door of Tressler’s office -- It’s locked. He quickly
text: takes out a SKELETON KEY, slides it into the lock, opens the
text: door and slips into the office, quickly closing the door
text: behind himself with hardly a sound...
scene_heading: INT. PARADISE THEATER - LOBBY - ATLANTIC CITY - EVENING
text: THE CROWD filing in is subjected to metal-detector searches
text: by SECURITY GUARDS at the doors; THADDEUS BRADLEY allows
text: himself to be searched, then strolls into the lobby, and we
speaker_heading: RACK FOCUS TO
text: ALMA VARGAS, holding her ever-present diet Coke; she notices
text: Thaddeus entering, then she turns as DYLAN steps up beside
dialog: her:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Anything interesting?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Not unless you count the magical
text: way the bubbles seem to disappear
dialog: from the diet Coke around here.
dialog: Our boys went backstage as soon as
dialog: they arrived -- You?
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I... lost Bradley. Just spotted
text: him outside the theater ten minutes
dialog: ago. He could have been anywhere.
scene_heading: EXT. HELIPAD - ATLANTIC CITY - NIGHT
text: A HELICOPTER TOUCHES DOWN on the tarmac. A FIGURE hops out,
text: and we see that it is “GEORGE KAPLAN”- who hurries into a
dialog: waiting CAR, and
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ALLEY ENTRANCE - PARADISE THEATER - NIGHT
text: AGENT FULLER speaks into his cel-phone, bored as hell:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: -- Nothing doing. No backstage
text: traffic since the Horsemen came in.
dialog: What the hell are we doing here,
dialog: anyway? So maybe these guys robbed
dialog: some French bank- who the hell
dialog: cares? Let the goddam French deal
dialog: with it.
scene_heading: INT. PARADISE THEATER - LOBBY - NIGHT
text: THE STAND-BY TICKET HOLDERS are being herded in by USHERS who
dialog: are doing their best to keep order:
speaker_heading: USHERS
dialog: Stand-by tickets... Stand by ticket
dialog: holders only.
text: Dylan has his phone to his ear, Alma standing beside him:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: It’s not just what they did -- It’s
dialog: what they might do. Just chow down
dialog: on some freedom fries and keep your
text: eyes open.
text: ANGLE BEHIND DYLAN: filing in unnoticed with the last of the
text: crowd, is “GEORGE KAPLAN”-- or at least he’s unnoticed by
text: Dylan and Alma; for as he saunters into the theater, the
speaker_heading: CAMERA STOPS ON
scene_heading: THADDEUS BRADLEY
text: Sitting in a corner seat. As “George Kaplan” passes, Thaddeus
text: allows himself a smile.
dialog: 51.
text: BACK TO DYLAN AND ALMA
text: Dylan looks at his watch, mutters:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Showtime. Either this is a big
dialog: wank, or they’re so far ahead of us
dialog: it isn’t funny.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Oh, come on... Admit it.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Admit what?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Part of you wants to see what these
dialog: guys are going try to pull off,
dialog: just like everyone else in here.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: And we’ve got front row seats.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: DOLLY BEHIND “GEORGE KAPLAN” as he hurries through the narrow
text: corridor- he reaches up as he goes, pulling at his face, and
text: though we are behind him we see he is taking off his
text: glasses... his mustache... strips of latex “skin”...
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: START CLOSE ON ALEX HERO- making a deck of cards leap from
text: one hand to the other- like an athlete warming up; says:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: This is bullshit. He could call.
dialog: Doesn’t have to keep us in suspense
dialog: and whatnot, like we’re a bunch of
text: rubes. People wait on Alex Hero,
dialog: not the other way around.
text: CAMERA MOVES to RODERIGO, fixing his gaudy shirt in the
dialog: mirror:
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: Talk about yourself in third person
dialog: again, cabrone, you’ll be pulling
dialog: those cards out of your ass. We
dialog: did our jobs. He’ll do his.
dialog: Either way, we have a show to do.
text: CAMERA MOVES TO LONDON OSBORNE, sitting in his chair like a
dialog: zen-master:
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Oh, we’re going full guns tonight.
dialog: No doubt about that.
speaker_heading: ALEX (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah? Why are you so sure about it?
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: ‘Cause I can see the bloody future.
text: LONDON LOOKS UP and the CAMERA FOLLOWS HIS LOOK TO THE DOOR
text: which SWINGS OPEN AS IF ON CUE, revealing:
text: MICHAEL ATLAS -- wiping off the last of his “George Kaplan”
dialog: make-up.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Game on.
scene_heading: INT. PARADISE THEATER - MOMENTS LATER
text: A SPECTACULAR LIGHTSHOW splits the darkness -- ACCOMPANIED by
text: the sounds of HEAVY METAL ROCK AND ROLL, and the FOUR
text: HORSEMEN appear onstage looking out at the cheering crowd...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THADDEUS
text: Winecing at the music, disgusted, he wads up some toilet paper
text: and sticks it into his ears, as MICHAEL ATLAS steps to the
dialog: foot of the stage:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Audiences for magic can be a tricky
dialog: bunch. Some are happy to suspend
text: their disbelief. Others are
dialog: constantly looking for the rabbit
text: under the hat, the trap door, the
dialog: trick wire. You know who you
dialog: are...
dialog: (laughter from the crowd)
dialog: As you all know, tonight is the
dialog: second of our three shows, and
dialog: we're lucky to have some special
dialog: guests with us. There in back,
text: sticking toilet paper in his ears,
dialog: is none other than Thaddeus
dialog: Bradley. He’ll be happy to tell
dialog: you how he thinks we pulled off
dialog: tonight’s show... if you can find
text: his DVD’s buried in the back of the
dialog: discount rack at your local video
dialog: store.
dialog: 53.
text: SOME BOOS mixed with a few CHEERS. Thaddeus gives a wave to
dialog: the crowd.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: We also have a contingent from the
text: police and FBI with us. A pair of
text: them right there in the front row;
text: and a handsome couple they are,
dialog: too. Wave to the nice officers...
text: (the CROWD waves at ALMA
speaker_heading: AND DYLAN)
dialog: They will seek, but they shall not
dialog: find. For tonight we inhabit the
dialog: theater of mystery, where we are
text: all once again wide-eyed children,
text: awed by magic and wonder. Tonight --
text: The Four Horsemen ride.
text: AND WE GO INTO A MONTAGE OF THE FANTASTIC SHOW:
text: RODERIGO “flies” above the audience, sailing over their
text: delighted upturned faces...
text: LONDON looks on as an obese man walks across the stage on his
text: hands, like a gymnast...
text: A MERCIFULLY SHORT CLIP OF ALEX HERO singing the single most
dialog: annoying song in the history of show business...
text: MICHAEL ATLAS moves in front of a display of mirrors with an
dialog: audience member, their reflections behaving differently than
text: their real-life counterparts onstage, and
speaker_heading: DYLAN AND ALMA
text: Look at each other; there is a brief moment of tenderness
text: between them. Almost like a date. Alma’s face tightens as
text: she remembers something, and she whispers:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Hey. What I said to you before,
dialog: about your daughter. I was out of
dialog: line. I’m...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You were right. But thanks.
text: Then the final illusion ends with a flash and the theater is
scene_heading: PLUNGED INTO DARKNESS -- OVER BLACK, WE HEAR:
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (V.O.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, we're glad to
dialog: have been able to take your mind
dialog: off your troubles with an hour’s
dialog: divertissement...
text: THE LIGHTS COME BACK UP illuminating MICHAEL, in his T-shirt
text: and jeans, standing at the foot of the now bare stage.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: But I can’t leave this stage in
dialog: good conscience without
dialog: acknowledging that we are living in
dialog: troubled times...
text: THE AUDIENCE ROARS IN ANTICIPATION at the sound of these
dialog: words -- This is the moment they have been waiting for.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: At this point I’d like to introduce
dialog: our generous sponsor, Mr. Arthur
dialog: Tressler, president of Stonebridge
dialog: Life. The tickets tonight were
dialog: free, but someone had to foot the
dialog: bill. Where are you, Arthur?
text: ARTHUR TRESSLER, sixties, slick white hair, kisses his TROPHY
text: GIRLFRIEND and stands, waving to the crowd.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t sit down just yet, Arthur.
dialog: We’re going to put you to work.
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: Our final number is called “The
dialog: Case of the Vanishing Money”-
dialog: Prosaic, I admit, but accurate.
dialog: How many of you out there have your
dialog: ATM cards with you?
dialog: (hands go up)
dialog: How many of you know your account
dialog: balances?
dialog: (many hands stay up)
dialog: Arthur, would you be so good as to
dialog: pick a volunteer from our audience?
text: Everyone’s waving their bank cards -- Arthur Tressler spots
text: and points at a middle aged, AFRICAN AMERICAN WOMAN.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Bring her on up, Arthur.
text: Tressler somewhat reluctantly moves into the aisle and
text: escorts the woman up to the stage.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: I can see Arthur has an eye for
dialog: good looking ladies -- what’s your
dialog: name, ma’am?
speaker_heading: AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN
dialog: Gloria.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Lovely name for a lovely lady.
dialog: (to Tressler)
dialog: And would you mind staying up here
dialog: on stage with us for a bit, Arthur?
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: A big hand for Mr. Tressler!
text: Tressler stays put, starting to chafe. Michael turns back to
dialog: Gloria:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: How about that bank card?
text: Gloria takes it out of her bag, and moves to hand it to
dialog: Michael; but:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: No, you hold on to that, Gloria.
dialog: You know how much you have in your
dialog: account?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Unfortunately I do. It’s only-
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: -Hold on to that thought, Gloria.
dialog: In the meantime, we’re going to
dialog: bring out our own specially
dialog: designed ATM machine -- Roderigo?
text: RODERIGO SANTAYANA wheels out an old fashioned BLACKBOARD
text: into the middle of the stage, to the laughter of the
dialog: audience:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: That’s it?
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: I’m on a budget, hombre.
text: Michael turns to the other side of the stage:
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Alright, I’m gonna need a little
dialog: extra help with this one. London?
text: LONDON OSBORNE strolls over to the blackboard, as Michael
text: turns back to the audience:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Remember, I did not pick Gloria.
dialog: Our assistant for the evening, Mr.
dialog: Arthur Tressler did. If you think
dialog: he’s in on this... stick around.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Gloria, I want you to think of your
dialog: password.
text: LONDON takes out a piece of chalk, scribbles on the reverse-
text: side of the blackboard.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, you got it?
dialog: (Gloria nods)
dialog: London?
text: London flips the blackboard over- he’s written “SNUFFLES” on
text: it with the chalk. Gloria’s eyes widen:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Sounds like a cutie. And your
dialog: account balance is...
text: LONDON SCRIBBLES on the other side, flips the board over, and
dialog: it shows: $19.46
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: (winces)
dialog: Okay. That’s a modest sum. Don’t
dialog: you think so, Arthur?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR TRESSLER
dialog: I... guess it is.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Actually it’s a crime, that’s what
dialog: it is.
dialog: (to Tressler)
dialog: Would you like to hold up your ATM
dialog: card for us, Arthur?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR TRESSLER
dialog: No. I don’t suppose I would.
dialog: 57.
text: THE CROWD ERUPTS IN BOOS. Tressler grits his teeth, reaches
text: into his pocket, and takes out his ATM card, keeping it
text: tightly gripped in his hand.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: London, what is Mr. Tressler’s
dialog: password?
text: London scribbles on the back of the blackboard- flips it over
dialog: to reveal the word: ASSHOLE
text: THE CROWD ERUPTS IN LAUGHTER -- Michael quiets them down,
text: turns to London again:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: And his current bank balance?
text: London scribbles on the board, flips it over, and we see-
text: 258,800,045. The crowd gasps. Michael smiles at Tressler:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Look about right? Minus the tip
dialog: you gave the limo driver on the way
dialog: over. Actually, I hear you’re a
dialog: pretty lousy tipper..
dialog: (Tressler is now glaring
dialog: at Michael in open fury)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, our sponsor
dialog: knows a little bit about magic as
dialog: well. You see, Arthur Tressler
dialog: likes to buy insurance companies at
dialog: discounted prices, and then make
dialog: their assets disappear. Well, they
dialog: don’t really disappear: he takes
dialog: those assets which are to be kept
dialog: safe for payouts to his customers,
dialog: and deposits them into his own
dialog: accounts. And they call us crooks.
text: London erases 800,000 from Tressler’s account on the board;
text: then flips the board around, and shows that GLORIA’S ACCOUNT
text: is now showing $800,019.50. The crowd laughs; but:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: I know... it’s just numbers on a
dialog: blackboard. Mr. Tressler, would
dialog: you care to check your bank
dialog: balance?
text: Tressler takes out his CELL-PHONE, presses a few numbers on
text: the screen; and suddenly
dialog: 58.
text: SCREENS ALL AROUND THE STAGE COME TO LIFE; replicating the
text: IMAGE OF TRESSLER’S CELL-PHONE SCREEN. His account shows
dialog: 258,000,045 -- Eight hundred thousand dollars are missing.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR TRESSLER
dialog: This better be a joke, Atlas.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Or what? You’ll call the cops?
dialog: They’re already here, remember?
dialog: I’m sure they’1ll have plenty of
dialog: questions for you on the way out.
dialog: But before that...
dialog: (to the audience)
dialog: Everyone’s heard about all the
dialog: money raining down at our last
dialog: show- Due to circumstances beyond
dialog: our control, that won’t be
dialog: happening tonight.
text: THE CROWD BOOS LOUDLY; Michael raises his hands:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: But cash is so old school, don’t
dialog: you think? Never let it be said
text: the Four Horsemen don’t move with
dialog: the times.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: How many of you have these new-
dialog: fangled phones with high speed
dialog: internet and whatnot?
text: A scattering of HANDS GO UP.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Allow me to bring the rest of you
dialog: into the 21st Century. Would you
dialog: all check you pockets... your hand-
dialog: bags?
text: ANGLES ON THE AUDIENCE: all finding NEW PHONES nestled in
text: their pockets and personal belongings.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: The X-Phone, made by Nakano- our
dialog: new sponsor- which we’re gonna
dialog: need, considering what’s about to
dialog: happen to our old one. Now, if you
dialog: turn those on, you’ll find all your
dialog: information has been transferred to
dialog: your new phones. Addresses, phone
dialog: numbers and everything.
dialog: 59.
text: HIGH ANGLE ON THE AUDIENCE
text: As the phones are turned on, the darkness illuminated by the
text: blue screens like the sky being filled with a thousand stars.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (V.0O.)
dialog: Tonight's audience was supposed to
dialog: be chosen by a random drawing. But
dialog: I have to admit, we cheated.
dialog: Everyone here has one thing in
dialog: common -- You're all customers of
dialog: companies Arthur Tressler has
dialog: purchased. You believed yourselves
dialog: to be in good hands- but if you
dialog: need a large payout there will be
dialog: nothing in the bank....
text: ANGLES ON THE AUDIENCE: Distraught faces lit blue by the
dialog: phones.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: He’s been hustling you like a
dialog: street-corner shell-game artist.
dialog: When audited he moves the money
dialog: from one account to another. He
dialog: has robbed each and every one of
dialog: you.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: But fear not. Tonight this theater
dialog: is a true house of magic...
text: ANGLE ON DYLAN AND ALMA: looking around themselves, as the
text: air is filled with glittering confetti that rises from the
text: floor upwards -- the entire space filling with pixie dust.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Let it surround you. And now
dialog: access your accounts, and check
dialog: your brand new bank balances.
scene_heading: FINGERS PUNCH KEYBOARDS -- THE SCREENS ON STAGE SHOW ACCOUNTS
text: FILLING UP WITH LARGE NUMBERS -- WHILE THE SCREEN that holds
text: TRESSLER’S ACCOUNT shows his number STEADILY DIMINISHING, and
dialog: cur TO:
text: ARTHUR TRESSLER HIDING HIS FACE FROM A HUNDRED CAMERA FLASHES
text: As he tries to get to his limo in the parking lot behind the
text: theater; being shouted from all directions... THE CAMERA
text: BOOMS UP on the hectic scene, as Tressler is swallowed up in
text: the mass of cameras, reporters and surging onlookers; on the
speaker_heading: SOUNDTRACK:
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (V.0.)
dialog: -- In a theatrical twist, Arthur
dialog: Tressler, president of Stonebridge
dialog: Life Insurance, was exposed as a
dialog: criminal by the Four Horsemen,
dialog: whose show was sponsored by his own
dialog: company..+.+
text: TELEVISED IMAGE SHOWS A HUGE CROWD shouting at Tressler and
text: holding up “FOUR HORSEMEN” banners:
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: -- Meanwhile Horsemen fever is
dialog: growing; once mere entertainers,
dialog: they're quickly becoming folk
dialog: heroes -- And with their third, and
text: reportedly final show coming up in
dialog: three days, the question on
dialog: everyone’s mind is- can they top
dialog: themselves?
text: REVERSE SHOWS DYLAN AND ALMA at the BAR IN THE TRUMP HOTEL:
text: watching the television with mixed emotions. Alma clicks off
dialog: her phone:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
text: The Horsemen are in the air.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
text: On their way to LA.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Our flight leaves in three hours.
text: Dylan finishes his drink- turns to Alma.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: That leaves us with two hours.
text: Alma hesitates, considering, then:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: I know what it’s like, when things
dialog: go bad in a marriage. When mine
dialog: ended, well, let’s just say I was
dialog: ho girl scout. I know this could
dialog: be something more...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (CONT'D)
dialog: {pauses)
dialog: But I’ve spent the last five years
dialog: of my life busting underage movie
dialog: stars for doing coke and over the
dialog: hill singers for doing underage
dialog: girls, and all of them for driving
text: under the influence afterwards.
dialog: This is my first real case, and I
dialog: won’t mess up because I’m being
text: distracted by... personal matters.
dialog: (meaningfully)
dialog: Like you did.
text: Alma leans close to Dylan, their lips almost touching.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (CONT’D)
dialog: See you on the plane, Agent Hobbes.
text: HOLD ON DYLAN’S FACE, as Alma walks away.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (V.0O.)
dialog: Talk about preparation...
scene_heading: INT. KAPLAN INC. OFFICES - DAY
text: QUICK IMAGES: FBI AGENTS milling around the space, dusting
dialog: for fingerprints on the furniture, on the phones, while we
text: hear AGENT FULLER ON THE SOUNDTRACK:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (V.0O.)
dialog: -- Some dummy company, Kaplan Inc.,
dialog: leased out office space in the
dialog: Stonebridge Life building months
dialog: before last night's show. They had
dialog: access to the building; blueprints
dialog: the entire space. They stole
dialog: access cards, keys, you name it,
dialog: and from internal phone records and
dialog: security files, gained access to
dialog: Stonebridge’s entire database as
dialog: well...
text: IMAGES OF AGENTS questioning a NUMBER OF YOUNG TEMPS, the one
dialog: we saw in the scene with “George Kaplan” among them:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (V.0.) (CONT’D)
dialog: -- They hired temps, never for more
dialog: than three days at a time, none of
dialog: whom ever saw anyone who worked at
dialog: the company.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (V.0.) (CONT'D)
text: On the night of the show, a Mr.
dialog: George Kaplan finally put in an
dialog: appearance, and apparently broke
text: into Arthur Tressler's office,
dialog: accessed his private computer and
dialog: account...
scene_heading: INT. FBI HEADQUARTERS - OPERATIONS CENTER - DAY
text: Agent Fuller finishes filling in Dylan, SAC Hernandez and
dialog: Thaddeus Bradley:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: -- and the rest is history.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: The money for the office rent came
dialog: out of Stonebridge Life’s own
dialog: coffers. These guys are real good,
dialog: and they’re making us look real
dialog: bad.
dialog: (hard)
dialog: Three days to their last show. We
dialog: get caught with our pants down
dialog: again, heads are gonna roll.
text: Thaddeus Bradley is chuckling; the others turn to him:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: What’s so goddamn funny?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: “George Kaplan.”
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: I made Michael Atlas in disguise,
text: slipping into the theater at the
text: last minute before the show.
dialog: Clearly, he got past your eagle-
text: eyes without much of an effort.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Atlas was with the others from the
dialog: moment they left the hotel.
text: Inspector Vargas saw him with her
dialog: own eyes.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
text: She saw someone disguised as
dialog: Michael Atlas, while Atlas himself
dialog: was in New York City, disguised as
dialog: “George Kaplan.”
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: He always did have an unhealthy
dialog: fascination with Cary Grant.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Alright. Maybe there is a Fifth
dialog: Horseman. Probably the same one
dialog: who was in disguise as the others
dialog: in Vegas, while they were in Paris,
dialog: pulling off the bank job, but-
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Five Horsemen, six Horsemen... How
dialog: do we know there aren’t ten of
dialog: them? How do we know they’re not a
dialog: front for a whole bunch of guys-?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Unlikely. I wouldn’t waste
text: precious time contemplating it.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: What would you do, Bradley? I’m
dialog: sick of you telling us what we
dialog: don’t know, without giving us
dialog: anything we can actually use -- For
dialog: all we know you’re the Fifth
dialog: Horseman.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Which is why you had me followed
dialog: all day in Atlantic City. Were you
dialog: my shadow, Agent Hobbes? Whoever
dialog: it was, I must admit he was rather
dialog: good, I couldn’t make head or tail
dialog: of him...
text: Dylan’s face is tight. He says nothing, biting down his
text: embarrassment, as Thaddeus continues:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: In any case, it’s your job to make
dialog: the case stick. I’m here to tell
dialog: you what I know , which at present
dialog: is a hell of a lot more than you
dialog: do.
dialog: (turns to Agent Fuller)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: -And to spare you the price of a
dialog: discount DVD: the new phones were
text: simply slipped into the audience’s
text: bags and pockets when they passed
dialog: through “security”; an illusionist
dialog: might employ a dozen such sleight
text: of hand artists and cutpurses at
dialog: any given show.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: I might be a rube, but even I kinda
dialog: figured that. In fact this whole
dialog: Tressler thing wasn’t all that much
dialog: of a trick, you ask me.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: It wasn’t meant to be. It’s called
dialog: the “Mezzo”-a kind of entre-acte.
dialog: Not particularly impressive on its
dialog: own, but designed to get the
dialog: audience on your side- which they
dialog: certainly have succeeded in doing-
dialog: while laying the groundwork for a
dialog: final denouement.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: What I don’t get is why they’re
dialog: doing all this and not keeping any
dialog: of the money.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: The Four Horsemen’s methods might
dialog: be mysterious, but their motives
dialog: are not. They’re not after wealth.
dialog: They’re after fame, immortality.
dialog: To be mentioned in the same breath
dialog: as Robert-Houdin, Hermann, Houdini.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: But who would risk life in prison
dialog: only to remain anonymous in
dialog: success? This fifth Horseman- and
dialog: there is a fifth, without a doubt-
dialog: his motives are as mysterious as
dialog: his methods.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You know what I don’t buy? Your
dialog: motives. You told us you want to
dialog: be relevant- but what you are is
dialog: hated. You break the code of your
dialog: own kind every day, and for what?
dialog: A few bucks, fifteen minutes of
dialog: fame? Don’t you have any sense of
dialog: honor?
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Is there something you love, Agent
dialog: Hobbes? That you would protect
dialog: even at the expense of your own
dialog: happiness or reputation?
text: Dylan gives no answer. Thaddeus continues:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: There is a legend- nothing we magic
dialog: types love more than a good legend-
dialog: of a secret sect of magicians that
dialog: existed at the beginnings of our
dialog: order’s inception. Perhaps as long
dialog: ago as ancient Mesopotamia. This
dialog: sect was known as “The Eye”-
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: -Where did you think the Masons got
dialog: it from? “The Eye” was a cult
text: within a cult; a secret society
dialog: whose task it was to uphold the
dialog: honor of the craft- something like
dialog: your own Internal Affairs
dialog: Department, yes? And when a rogue
dialog: magician overstepped his bounds, or
dialog: misused his craft, it was the task
dialog: of The Eye to bring him down in a
dialog: manner that would restore the honor
dialog: of the order.
text: Thaddeus’s voice is low, but his emotions are boiling:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: Most of my “kind” as you put it,
dialog: have devolved into a shameful lot
dialog: of showboating Hollywood wannabes
dialog: and Las Vegas whores. They have
dialog: turned magic into vulgar
dialog: pornography. Unfortunately, there
dialog: is no secret order to protect my
dialog: beloved art, so I have taken that
text: onerous task upon my own shoulders.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: For a six figure television deal.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
text: Fire with fire, Agent Hobbes.
text: Alma has entered the doorway, a sheaf of papers in her hands:
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: How about we protect our reputation
dialog: as law enforcement officers, before
dialog: these guys make us look like a
dialog: bunch of rank amateurs again?
dialog: (then)
dialog: While you’ve been killing valuable
dialog: time giving each other the macho
dialog: stare-down, I found something you
dialog: should see.
scene_heading: INT. DATA CENTER - FBI OFFICES - MOMENTS LATER
text: Alma is standing in front of several COMPUTERS, sheaves of
text: paper scattered all around her, as the others look on:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: I used the bureau’s codes to trace
dialog: every account Tressler had stashed
dialog: his ill gotten gains in... amazing,
dialog: the access you guys have, by the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Yeah, thanks to Osama. We got in
dialog: there after 9-11, and never left.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Why we vote Republican.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Right. In any case, among many
dialog: other banks around the world,
dialog: Arthur Tressler has a fairly
dialog: significant account with Credit
dialog: Lyonnais.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Among many other banks.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: But he only has a secure safety
dialog: deposit box in one.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Arthur Tressler has a safety
dialog: deposit box in Paris? In the bank
dialog: branch the Four Horsemen robbed?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: I, of course, do not have the
dialog: authority to have it searched.
dialog: You, on the other hand...
dialog: 67.
text: Dylan smiles admiringly at Alma:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: -Are about to turn the lights up on
text: the Four Horsemen’s little party.
scene_heading: INT. BAR/DISCOTHEQUE - NIGHT
text: RODERIGO SANTAYANA is surrounded by silicon BLONDES, doing
text: body shots. ALEX HERO is next to him, chatting up a pretty
dialog: girl; TITLE READS:
dialog: Skybar - Los Angeles - California
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Girl, I am not talking about hip
dialog: hop. I’m talking about
dialog: R&B- romance. I steal your heart,
dialog: baby. Album cover is like, got one
dialog: hand like this-
dialog: (covers the girl’s breast
dialog: with his hand)
text: The other is holding the Ace of
dialog: Hearts, you know, like that shit
dialog: was your heart, and I stole it.
text: Alex feels another body, turns to find himself facing an
text: attractive BRITISH WOMAN; a CAMERAMAN with a small CAMERA
dialog: behind her:
speaker_heading: BRITISH WOMAN
dialog: Alex- I’m Thelma Jones, from Sky
dialog: News. Would you-
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Sorry ma’am, this is a business-
dialog: free zone, know what I mean? You
dialog: want an interview, call-
speaker_heading: BRITISH WOMAN
dialog: Oh, come on, do you know what I had
dialog: to do to get the bouncer to let us
dialog: in here? Show us a little magic,
dialog: won’t you, love?
text: Alex holds his fingers to his head, squeezes his eyes shut:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: My powers tell me... you’re wearing
text: red underwear with pink lace.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: BRITISH WOMAN
dialog: I didn’t know you were a mentalist,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I’m not.
text: He HOLDS UP the pair of RED PANTIES -- The British Woman’s
text: eyes open wide; she checks under her dress, then gasps in
dialog: disbelief, and:
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: That’1l be enough of that.
text: London takes the underwear from Alex’s hand and gives it back
text: to the British Woman; turns back to Alex:
speaker_heading: LONDON (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s time.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT
text: MICHAEL ATLAS is standing at the pay-phone, speaking as cars
dialog: whizz by on Sunset Boulevard:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Just give me the word, and we’re
dialog: on.
dialog: (listens; and)
dialog: Alright. Fired up, ready to go.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - ST. JAMES HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Michael signs a few AUTOGRAPHS as he makes his way toward the
text: elevators; hands a KID an extra napkin and says-—
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Hey, see that guy over there, at
dialog: the bar? Can you give this to him?
text: THE KID nods, hurries to a MAN sitting at the bar, sipping a
text: Martini, and hands him the napkin; the man unfolds it, sees
text: there’s a TWENTY DOLLAR BILL in there, and written on the
text: napkin: HAVE ONE ON ME, Mr. G-MAN - NIGHTY NIGHT.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Michael steps inside, then stops in the foyer as he sees:
text: LONDON OSBORNE, RODERIGO and ALEX HERO all are there waiting
dialog: for him.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Let yourself in, why don’t you?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: I detect an Ides of March vibe in
dialog: here. Are you hiding daggers under
dialog: your sleeves?
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Who is he?
text: Michael knew this was coming; he sighs, shaking his head:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: We’ve been through this. I don’t
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: When I was a young apprentice
dialog: touring with Reynaldino, he found
dialog: out his daughter was slipping into
dialog: my room. One morning in Las Carnes
dialog: I went to the outhouse to do what
dialog: you do in an outhouse. When I
dialog: opened the door I found myself in
dialog: Carboneras, two hundred kilometers
dialog: away. Took me three years to
dialog: figure out how he did that. I
dialog: swore from that day on I would be
dialog: the one pulling the strings. I
dialog: don’t like this.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Don’t like what? Being the talk of
dialog: the entire world? Famous beyond
dialog: your wildest dreams?
dialog: (real emotion seeping in)
dialog: You know what I remember about my
dialog: youth? TV dinners. Reruns.
dialog: Volume turned up to drown out my
text: parents’ squabble du jour. Trying
dialog: to make myself be small, to
dialog: disappear. To be nothing. That’s
dialog: what I swore I’d never go back to.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: No one will ever forget what we’re
dialog: doing, as long as magic is talked
dialog: about.
text: The others watch Michael simmer down. They’ve never seen him
dialog: like this; then:
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: The Horsemen was his idea. He
dialog: brought me in, and I came to you.
dialog: He’s done everything he said he
dialog: would, to aT. And his only
dialog: stipulation was anonymity.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: That’s a big bloody stipulation.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: He was right there with you in
dialog: Atlantic City, wearing my face. If
dialog: you’re so concerned, you should
dialog: have asked him yourself.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: I did. He told me to sod off.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: London tried to put the stare on
dialog: him, too... guy laughed in his
dialog: face. Some funny shit, homes.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Whoever this bloke is, he’s good.
dialog: And plugged in as hell. Everything
dialog: he told us to say to provoke those
dialog: Feds was spot on. Got them hot to
text: trot like greyhounds on a hare.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: So what’s the problem?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It’s all been good so far, but
dialog: we're about to get into the big
dialog: money. How do we know he’s not
dialog: setting us up to eat it this time.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: We don’t.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Makes it bloody dangerous, mate.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Bloody dangerous. And bloody fun.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Are the Four Horsemen going out on
dialog: a cute credit scam trick -- or are
dialog: we going out on top of the world?
dialog: 71.
text: The others consider Michael’s words, then:
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Top o’ the world, Ma.
scene_heading: INT. COMPUTER ROOM - FBI HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: IMAGES OF A SECURITY BOX- shot from every angle- appear in
text: various sizes on a SERIES OF MONITORS; a forensic agent’s
speaker_heading: VOICE SPEAKS:
speaker_heading: FORENSICS AGENT (V.0O.)
text: Magnified images show the lock was
dialog: jimmied. Hardly a scratch. Good
dialog: work. They definitely got in there.
text: Dylan, Alma Vargas, Agent Fuller, Thaddeus Bradley and a
text: handful of FBI AGENTS are studying the images on the screens.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: And what the hell was in there?
dialog: Alma reads from a printed out list:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: A couple of diamond rings- the kind
dialog: you give a girl you want to
dialog: convince of your intentions. Ora
text: couple of girls. A watch with his
text: father’s inscription on it. A
dialog: letter from an ex-wife. And that,
dialog: as they say, is all she wrote.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: They did not break into that box
dialog: only to leave everything in it
dialog: intact. There has to be something
dialog: you’re missing.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You’re right about that. In fact,
dialog: I had them go over the base of the
dialog: box with one of those “scientific
dialog: instruments we’re so proud of”- an
text: infra-blue scanner.
text: IMAGES OF THE BOTTOM OF THE BOX appear on the MONITOR; there
text: is an IMPRINT VISIBLE -- LINES THAT LOOK LIKE A CORNER FROM
scene_heading: AN ARCHITECTURAL BLUEPRINT, AS WELL AS SEVERAL NUMBERS, CUT
text: OFF IN THE MIDDLE.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Residue from blueprints of some
dialog: kind. Printed on good old
dialog: fashioned carbon paper.
dialog: (to Thaddeus)
dialog: See, around here, we do real magic.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Blueprints for what?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Impossible to tell, with the little
dialog: we've got. What about the numbers?
text: A YOUNG AGENT turns from the screen he is studying:
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Last ID numbers of every Federal
dialog: Building in California. Where’s
dialog: their. .?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Their next show is in LA- tomorrow
dialog: night. But that doesn’t mean much.
text: They pulled off their robberies a
dialog: good distance away from their shows
dialog: both times, and-
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Actually, the second location was a
dialog: good deal closer than the first.
dialog: Their preparation time for this one
dialog: will be even less, and wherever
dialog: they’re planning to...
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT
dialog: The money factory.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: The what?
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT
dialog: The Federal Reserve Printing House,
dialog: in Salinas. It’s about twenty
dialog: miles East of Downtown LA. Last
text: number before the code is cut off
dialog: matches...
text: He types a few keys, and all the screens show “THE MONEY
scene_heading: FACTORY”- A SQUAT, INDUSTRIAL BUILDING situated in the middle
text: of a humdrum neighborhood.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: How much money does a place like
dialog: that print?
text: The Young Agent types again, and:
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT
dialog: Eight. Hundred. Million. Cash.
dialog: Every day. No such facility has
dialog: ever been compromised -- Ever.
text: The agents fall silent. Then:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: These guys got some balls on ‘em.
scene_heading: EXT. ARTHUR TRESSLER’S MANSION - DAY
text: There are several UNMARKED CARS in the driveway, the occupant
text: of the mansion being under house arrest; on the SOUNDTRACK:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.O.)
dialog: Tell us about the money factory.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - TRESSLER’S MANSION - CONTINUOUS
text: Arthur Tressler is seated in front of a lavish fireplace,
text: seething, as he faces Dylan and Alma Vargas:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR TRESSLER
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: We followed your money, found your
dialog: account at the Credit Lyonnais in
dialog: Paris. We also found your security
dialog: deposit box there, and what was in
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR TRESSLER
dialog: You went into my private box? There
dialog: are laws that-
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: We didn’t go into it. The French
dialog: did, under the blanket of financial
dialog: terrorism laws too complicated for
dialog: me to-
speaker_heading: ARTHUR TRESSLER
dialog: -So what? So you found my father’s
dialog: watch...
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: -And two rings.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR TRESSLER
dialog: There’s more than one pretty girl
dialog: in Paris.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: And the blueprints for the Money
dialog: Factory.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR TRESSLER
dialog: I swear to Christ, I do not know
dialog: what that is.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: The Federal Reserve Printing House,
dialog: in Salinas. We also traced payments
dialog: to employees who work at that
text: facility, cleverly funneled so as
dialog: not to compromise their identities.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Were you siphoning freshly printed
dialog: money from the US government, Mr.
dialog: Tressler?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR TRESSLER
dialog: I was not. I am being set up by
dialog: those four goddamn magicians, you
dialog: morons.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Maybe, maybe not. If you’1ll excuse
dialog: me for saying so, you’re a hard man
dialog: to trust, Mr. Tressler.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: There is, however, one thing we do
dialog: know with certainty -- The only way
dialog: to breach a facility like that is
dialog: with someone on the inside. We
dialog: want the names of the employees you
dialog: sent money to, and we want them
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR TRESSLER
dialog: I told you, I have no idea what
dialog: you’re talking about. The Horsemen
dialog: were able to access my account --
dialog: they could be paying whoever they
dialog: want to with my money.
dialog: (hard)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR TRESSLER (CONT'D)
dialog: You want to find these guys, you’re
dialog: gonna have to do it yourselves.
scene_heading: EXT. BAR - EAST LOS ANGELES - NIGHT
text: MUSIC BLASTS through the windows -- MOTORCYCLES are parked in
text: a row in front; this is as openly bad-ass a bar as can be
dialog: imagined, and
text: LONDON OSBORNE steps into FRAME: walking toward the bar,
text: listening to the voice in his ear-piece:
speaker_heading: VOICE (ON PHONE)
dialog: You find it?
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Yeah, I bloody found it, mate.
dialog: Someday, when I found out who you
dialog: are, I’1ll return the favor. Cheers.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - A MOMENT LATER - NIGHT
text: London walks into the raucous space; he’s wearing glasses, a
dialog: hat, nothing major, just enough to keep him from being easily
text: recognizable. He pushes his way to the bar, jostling a BIG
text: BRUISER and leans toward the BARTENDER, who’s shoulder we are
dialog: over:
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: I’1l have a Guinness.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Don’t have Guinness.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Then how about a bloody mojito? Not
dialog: too leafy.
text: The Bartender steps out of frame, and London takes in his
text: surroundings, until the Bartender slams some kind of DRINK
text: down in front of him.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Mojitos are eight bucks. Ten for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Make it twenty, for all I care.
dialog: This bloke here with the rancid
dialog: breath is paying for it, innat
dialog: right?
text: THE BIG BRUISER can hardly believe his ears:
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: BIG BRUISER
dialog: I’m buyin’ a plot for your grave,
dialog: asshole.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: And I thought the English had bad
dialog: teeth. Tell you what, why don’t
dialog: you give him thirty and we’1l call
dialog: it a day.
speaker_heading: BIG BRUISER
dialog: I am about to end your life.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: No you’re not. You’re weak. You’re
dialog: weak as a baby. You’re so bloody
dialog: weak I can bring you to your knees
dialog: with my little finger-
text: London reaches out, presses the Big Bruiser’s shoulder with a
text: finger, and to the shock of everyone around the bar, the guy
text: slowly sinks down to his knees.
text: London looks around, smiles:
speaker_heading: LONDON (CONT’D)
dialog: Next round is on me.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. JAMES HOTEL - DAY
text: CAMERA BOOMS down the white deco exterior, as we hear an
scene_heading: AGENT’S VOICE ON THE SOUNDTRACK:
speaker_heading: AGENT’S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: We lost Osborne somewhere on the
dialog: East Side. Guy is a really tough
dialog: follow.
text: STOP ON A CAR sitting across the street from the hotel;
text: AGENT FULLER, eating a ham sandwich, within:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (IN PHONE)
dialog: Roger that. The others are still
dialog: in the hotel- least we didn’t make
dialog: any of ‘em leaving -- isn’t that
dialog: right?
text: PAN OVER to THADDEUS BRADLEY, sitting beside Fuller, looking
dialog: very put out:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Not that I’ve noticed.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Keep your eyes peeled, in case one
dialog: of ‘em tries something funny. The
dialog: rest of us might miss it -- being
dialog: such a big bunch of rubes and all.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: I’1l do my best- That is, if I can
dialog: make anything out through the haze
dialog: of onion wafting from that thing
dialog: you’re shoving into your maw.
dialog: Crack open a window, will you?
text: Agent Fuller glares at Thaddeus, then reaches for the window-
text: release... as the window goes down we see, at the crosswalk
text: A HOMELESS MAN in a HOODIE trying to wipe the windshields of
text: irate driver’s windows, moving further and further away with
dialog: each consecutive car, and we
scene_heading: DOLLY IN ON THADDEUS
text: As a smile of recognition spreads across his face.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BUREAU OF ENGRAVING & PRINTING - DAY
text: Dylan and Alma step out of an unmarked car. They take in the
text: area: the security cameras hidden in the street-lights, the
text: guards perched at the top of the building; TITLE CARD READS:
dialog: Bureau of Engraving and Printing - City of Salinas
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Damn. I could leave my wallet on
dialog: the ground, catch a movie, and
dialog: nobody would steal it. Not on this
dialog: block.
text: Dylan shoots Alma a look and heads for the doors; we hear on
speaker_heading: the SOUNDTRACK:
speaker_heading: LT. THOMAS (V.0O.)
dialog: -- You think these hocus pocus guys
dialog: are going to try to rob this
dialog: facility..?
scene_heading: INT. MONEY FACTORY - CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
text: Dylan and Alma stand across from LT. THOMAS and OFFICER
speaker_heading: SIEGEL.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: -- Next thing Siegfried and Roy are
text: gonna knock over the US Mint.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hadn’t heard about that, but thanks
dialog: for the tip.
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: Let me give you a little history
dialog: lesson. The BEP has been around
dialog: since 1861, and in that time, in
dialog: all our facilities, do you know how
dialog: many successful robberies there’ve
dialog: been? Zero. Not one.
speaker_heading: OFFICER SIEGEL
dialog: We’re not some we’re not some
dialog: ragtag rent-a-cops. We are the BEP
dialog: police force. No one’s getting in
dialog: here.
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: There have been attempts before,
dialog: sure. But they’ve always been
dialog: inside jobs, and they’ve always
dialog: been caught.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I didn’t say it wasn’t going to be
dialog: an inside job -- in part.
dialog: (then)
dialog: We have indications that they have
dialog: blueprints to this facility. They
dialog: know the exact location of every
dialog: nail and screw drilled into this
dialog: place, and-
speaker_heading: OFFICER SIEGEL
dialog: And it won’t make a difference.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Show me why not.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN FLOOR - MONEY FACTORY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Alma and Dylan are at the X-RAY MACHINES. They dump their
text: money and change into bins, as Officer Siegel and Lt. Thomas
dialog: watch on.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: OFFICER SIEGEL
dialog: No money enters the Money Factory,
dialog: or leaves the Money Factory.
dialog: Except the money we print.
text: They step into the bustling space. HEAVY MACHINERY HUMS all
text: around. A WORKER pushes a large pallet of glass-encased
text: BILLS across the floor.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: How much cash just rolled by?
dialog: Lt. Thomas shrugs, used to this:
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: A lot.
text: WORKERS swipe their cards to move from one area of the gated
text: area to another. ARMED GUARDS watch the floor from a catwalk
text: high above them.
speaker_heading: LT. THOMAS (CONT’D)
dialog: These men are the best in the
dialog: business. Everyone in this room has
speaker_heading: SSBI, SCI and SAP level security
dialog: clearance. They could care less
dialog: about money.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Except for the ones receiving
dialog: anonymous payments from the man who
dialog: had somehow gained possession of
dialog: the blueprints to this facility.
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: Want to tell me who they are?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Sure I want to. We just don’t
dialog: know.
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: Yeah. Be sure to let us know when
dialog: you find out.
text: They stop in front of a CAGED IN HOLDING AREA where the
text: PALLET OF BILLS has been wheeled into; the gate shut behind
dialog: it.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: LT. THOMAS (CONT’D)
dialog: The new printed money stays here.
text: It’s collected by armored truck in
dialog: the morning, and delivered to banks
dialog: all over the Southland.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: And there’s how many dollars in
dialog: here on a given night?
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: Eight hundred and fifty million.
text: Dylan and Alma share an awed look; and
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - MONEY FACTORY - MOMENTS LATER
text: The BEP cops show Dylan and Alma the small space, surrounded
speaker_heading: by MONITORS:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Let’s assume our boys are going to
dialog: hit this place. Tonight. If you
dialog: were them, knowing what you know
dialog: about this facility, how would you
dialog: get in?
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: I wouldn’t. There are cameras in
text: every corner of the building.
dialog: Every employee uses a scan card to
dialog: move from one section to another.
dialog: Anyone goes where they don’t
dialog: belong, the gates come down. We
dialog: got our guy. We got our money.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Except for you.
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: You just opened three doors in a
dialog: row to allow us in here; clearly
dialog: you have a master pass that allows
dialog: you access to the entire building.
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: (countenance darkening)
dialog: What are you saying?
dialog: sl.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Just that if someone wanted to rob
dialog: this place... it would help if they
dialog: knew you.
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: Except for one thing, detective.
dialog: Everyone would know it was me.
dialog: (hard)
dialog: I spend enough time behind bars
dialog: during the day. I don’t have any
dialog: desire to spend my nights the same
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: OFFICER SIEGEL
dialog: Everyone here’s given the strictest
dialog: background check. You’re free to
dialog: run another, anytime.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Time’s the one thing we don’t have.
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: You got the jump on these guys.
dialog: You know they’re gonna try and hit
dialog: this place, and they don’t know you
dialog: know it. You’re so worried, cordon
dialog: us off, no one gets in, no one gets
dialog: out.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Show never happens.
scene_heading: EXT. UNMARKED CAR - OUTSIDE MONEY FACTORY - LATER
text: Dylan and Alma sit side by side, silent. Then:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: He’s right.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Yeah. Cordon it off. Like the
dialog: Green Zone in Baghdad. No
dialog: robbery...
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: No arrest.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Fuck that.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE ST. JAMES HOTEL - LOS ANGELES - DAY
text: THE “HOMELESS MAN” is shuffling down a side-street; WE RACK
dialog: FOCUS to reveal that we are looking at him from
dialog: 82.
text: INSIDE THE UNMARKED CAR which AGENT FULLER driving, THADDEUS
dialog: beside him:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Keep on him. It’s the boy, Alex
dialog: Hero. No doubt about it.
text: ZOOM IN TO THE “HOMELESS MAN”- and we see there is an EAR-
text: PIECE hidden under his hair. His lips are moving.
text: BACK TO AGENT FULLER: who speaks to the CAR-PHONE:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: You guys have him on audio?
scene_heading: INT. FBI VAN - MOVING - CONTINUOUS
text: SEVERAL AGENTS occupy the van, driving on a parallel street;
dialog: listening to high-sensitivity audio devices:
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: Yeah, we got him. He’s on right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN (ON AUDIO)
dialog: -- Yo, I’ve been made. I’m sure of
dialog: it. They’re on me. I'm aborting.
speaker_heading: ANSWERING VOICE (ON AUDIO)
dialog: No way. We're committed and we're
dialog: on the clock. Lose them. Whatever
dialog: it takes.
scene_heading: INT. AGENT FULLER’S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Through the window Agent Fuller sees “Homeless Man” make a
text: sudden turn into a ONE WAY ALLEY, hurrying in the other
dialog: direction, and:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Damn.
text: He spins the wheel, and tears up the street in order to catch
text: up with the “Homeless Man” at the other end of the block;
text: Thaddeus holds on tightly, as they round the corner and see
text: The “Homeless Man” opening the door of a PARKED AUDI; he
text: slips into the vehicle -- We can see his hands reach under
text: the dash, and the ENGINE HUMS TO LIFE.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t believe it. This little
dialog: bastard is gonna make me chase his
dialog: ass. This is gonna get-
text: VOOM! “HOMELESS MAN” tears out of the parking spot and roars
text: right past the Agent Fuller’s car, racing in the opposite
dialog: direction; and
text: AGENT FULLER makes a hard U-Turn, burning rubber, and gives
text: chase; Thaddeus shouts:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Let me out. I didn’t sign up for
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: You want credit for breaking the
dialog: case, you gotta be there when it
dialog: gets broke!
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Maybe you’ll get a new TV show.
text: AND THEY TEAR DOWN THE STREET AFTER THE AUDI, as:
scene_heading: INT. AUDI - CONTINUOUS
text: The sweating “Homeless Man” shouts into his ear-piece:
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN
dialog: They’re on my ass, yo. This is not
dialog: what I do, do you hear me? This is
dialog: not what I do.
scene_heading: INT. FBI VAN - MOVING - CONTINUOUS
text: The AGENT driving does his best to keep up on the parallel
text: street, as they hear from their equipment:
speaker_heading: ANSWERING VOICE (ON AUDIO)
dialog: If they can see you, they can hear
dialog: you. No more communication. You’re
dialog: on your own.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN (ON AUDIO)
dialog: Hey..!
text: But the line’s gone dead; nothing but static, and:
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: The “Homeless Man” drives the Audi toward the freeway,
text: followed closely by Agent Fuller, who is clearly a more
dialog: experienced and steady driver...
text: There are a few breathtakingly dangerous lane changes between
text: them... then the Audi veers right toward the 101 FREEWAY,
dialog: only
text: He is heading toward the OFF-RAMP -- The “Homeless
text: Man” jerks sharply on his wheel to avoid ONCOMING TRAFFIC,
dialog: and
text: THE AUDI JUMPS THE MEDIAN, falls a short ways and smashes
text: onto its roof on the pavement below, as TRAFFIC SCREECHES to
text: a stop all around him...
text: ANGLE ON FULLER’S CAR: as Agent Fuller throws open the door
text: and runs down the median toward the upturned AUDI, where
text: THE HOMELESS MAN IS VISIBLE -- Upside down, blood pouring
text: down his face, eyes blood-shot, trying to pull himself free,
dialog: but he’s stuck, and:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Don’t move, boy. Stay where you
dialog: are, and I’ll have an ambulance
dialog: here in a-
text: BOOM! The rear gas-tank of the AUDI EXPLODES -- FIRE
text: INSTANTANEOUSLY spreads across the car, enveloping the
text: HOMELESS MAN, who reaches out, screaming, and WHOOM!
text: AGENT FULLER ducks, covering his head as the AUDI is torn
text: apart by the terrible explosion. When he looks up, all he
text: can see is a burning wreck, the burning body silhouetted in
text: the midst of the RAGING INFERNO; and
scene_heading: INT. FBI HEADQUARTERS - LOS ANGELES - DAY
text: SAC Hernandez snaps at Agent Fuller, Dylan, Alma and Thaddeus
text: Bradley, as well as a handful of FBI agents:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Let me get this straight. These
dialog: guys are the Beatles, and you just
dialog: toasted Ringo.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Actually, he was more like George,
dialog: if you ask-
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Jesus, Dylan. It’s not funny. He
dialog: might have been a prick, but he was
dialog: just a kid. Just a goddamn kid...
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: And you wasted him. You were
text: supposed to be shadowing him, not
text: engaging in high speed chases.
dialog: When the world gets wind of this,
dialog: we are good and screwed.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: This was our last chance to nail
dialog: these bastards, and you blew it.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Not necessarily.
text: Every head turns toward Thaddeus:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: You seriously think they’re gonna
dialog: go on with their plans without him?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Atlas still doesn’t know we know
text: where he’s planning to strike. He
text: is motivated by ego. He shuffles
text: around in a T-shirt, but ego is
dialog: what drives him.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Challenge him there, and you’1l
dialog: have your show. You just better
dialog: start running yours as well as he’s
dialog: been running his.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES SPORTS ARENA - AFTERNOON
text: SEVERAL UNMARKED CARS screech to a halt in the parking lot;
text: the doors fly open, and Dylan, Alma Vargas, Agent Fuller and
text: Thaddeus Bradley step out, accompanied by a few more AGENTS,
text: and head toward the arena entrance...
scene_heading: INT. ARENA STAGE - MOMENTS LATER
text: MICHAEL ATLAS is giving directions to the electricians, when
text: he turns to see Thaddeus and the officers striding towards
dialog: him:
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: This is a closed rehearsal. Unless
dialog: you have a warrant, I’m going to
dialog: have to ask you to get the hell out
dialog: of here.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: He’s dead.
text: Michael stops in his tracks. Says nothing, waiting:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: The kid. Alex Hero. Dead.
text: Michael motions to the electricians, who leave the area. He
text: stands alone on the stage.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: He died trying to slip us, because
dialog: of this stupid game you’ve been
dialog: playing.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: I’d like to see him. His body.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: There’s not much left to see, Mr.
text: Atlas. The remains are being
dialog: examined by our forensic
dialog: specialists. We’ll have results
dialog: within the next few hours. But he
dialog: was identified before the acci-
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: By whom?
dialog: (turns to Thaddeus)
dialog: By this bitter old bastard, who can
text: hardly see past the tip of his own
dialog: nose?
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: If I’m bitter, it’s about the farce
dialog: you and your ilk have made of what
dialog: was an honorable vocation.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Honorable? Magic is supposed to
dialog: fun. You better get off your high
dialog: horse- especially since it’s a
dialog: Trojan one. You don’t know what
dialog: honor is...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re just hoping to hang around
dialog: long enough to get material for
dialog: some bullshit book or show, so you
dialog: can say you were a part of this,
dialog: make a few dollars off the backs of
dialog: real magicians.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: There’s nothing you know that I
dialog: didn’t teach you, boy.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: That so? Then tell them, Thaddeus.
dialog: Tell them what I’m going to do
dialog: next, if you’re so damn wise.
text: Thaddeus glares as Michael; but he has no answer, so:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: No revelations? Then let me tell
dialog: you: I’m going to call my lawyers.
dialog: Because I don’t think there’s
dialog: anything wrong with Alex. I think
dialog: you’re holding him, to prevent him
dialog: from performing tonight; and I’m
dialog: gonna put you through a legal hell
dialog: the likes of which-
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: He’s dead, Atlas. You can put that
dialog: in whatever bank you’re planning to
dialog: knock over. But we came to offer
dialog: you a deal.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Stop what you’re doing, and we'll
dialog: stop our investigation. Slow it
dialog: down, bit by bit, ‘till this whole
dialog: thing is just a footnote in the
text: history books. Gone and forgotten.
text: Michael’s eyes narrow; then:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: The public has no idea about this
dialog: yet, do they? Alex is a rock star,
dialog: and you morons killed him. Gonna
dialog: make Waco look like a public
dialog: relations coup for you people.
dialog: (hard smile)
dialog: This isn’t a game, Agent Hobbes.
dialog: This is a business. And in this
dialog: business, the show always goes on.
dialog: 88.
text: Michael reaches into his jacket... and a couple of the AGENTS
text: instinctively reach for their guns. Michael’s hand comes out
text: holding a SHEAVE OF TICKETS. He hands them to Dylan and
dialog: Alma.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
text: Third row, center aisle. Curtain
dialog: at nine o’clock sharp. And this
dialog: time -- feel free to hold hands.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: CAMERAS FLASHING -- LIGHTS GLARING
scene_heading: REPORTERS surrounding MICHAEL ATLAS, LONDON OSBORNE and
text: RODERIGO as they give a hastily assembled PRESS CONFERENCE:
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: -- In light of today’s tragedy, are
dialog: you still going through with
dialog: tonight’s performance?
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: Of course. We’re dedicating it to
dialog: the memory of Alex.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: How will it feel to go up there so
dialog: soon after-
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Feel? He was just a boy, and the
text: bloody Feds chased him to his
dialog: death, how do you think it’s gonna
dialog: feel?
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. FBI HEADQUARTERS - LOS ANGELES - CONTINUOUS
text: THE AGENTS listen to a number of televisions that are on in
text: the b.g. while they prepare for their night’s mission:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Christ, look at this prick. Kid
text: gets killed, and he calls a press
dialog: conference.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: That’s show business, right?
text: SOME OF TV’S SHOW THE BURNING CAR ON THE FREEWAY as captured
speaker_heading: on VIDEO:
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (V.O.)
dialog: -- This burning wreck on the 101
dialog: Freeway was the fiery tomb of Alex
dialog: Hero, the youngest and perhaps
dialog: brashest of the Four Horsemen...
text: ON OTHER TV’S the PRESS CONFERENCE IS PLAYING:
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3 (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Can we expect the kind of surprise
dialog: finale we've seen at your previous
dialog: shows?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (ON MONITOR)
dialog: If I told you, it wouldn’t be a
dialog: surprise.
text: Agent Fuller punches the TV off, simmering with anger; slams
text: a clip into his .45.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: These guys are so in love with
dialog: surprises. Let’s give ‘em one.
text: SAC HERNANDEZ steps up in front of the agents, commanding
dialog: instant attention:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: One more time. We don’t want to
dialog: prevent this robbery, we want to
dialog: catch these bastards in the act...
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OUTSIDE OF THE MONEY FACTORY - DUSK
text: IMAGES OF THE FBI AGENTS situating themselves around the
text: premises -- in nearby stores -- in cars -- on rooftops, as
scene_heading: SAC HERNANDEZ’S VOICE CONTINUES on the SOUNDTRACK:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (V.O.)
dialog: -- Which means you are to remain
dialog: invisible, and until the moment
dialog: arrives, not to interfere...
scene_heading: INT. CATWALKS - CORRIDORS - MONEY FACTORY - CONTINUOUS
text: ANGLES of UNIFORMED SECURITY GUARDS at their posts around the
text: interior of the facility, separated by wire mesh and gates.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (V.O.)
dialog: -- There is the usual after hours
text: security detail of ten armed guards
text: inside the Money Factory...
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - MONEY FACTORY - CONTINUOUS
text: Alma Vargas is in the small space with Lt. Thomas and Officer
text: Siegel; surrounded by monitors with black and while images.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (V.O.)
dialog: -- The only ones officially aware
dialog: of our presence are Lt. Thomas and
dialog: Officer Siegel of the BEP. We make
text: the arrest, but the collar is
dialog: theirs. All right...
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONEY FACTORY - HIGH ANGLE - NIGHT
text: NIGHT STREETLIGHTS come on all around the area, illuminating
text: it as if were a set on a stage:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (V.O.)
dialog: -- Let's get this party started.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF MONEY FACTORY - NIGHT
text: Dylan, Agent Fuller and Thaddeus Bradley sit low in a car
text: parked behind the building, where they have a view of the
text: closed gates of the LOADING DOCK. It’s awfully quiet.
text: Dylan’s phone vibrates; he talks into his ear-piece:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hobbes here.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - OTHER SIDE OF THE MONEY FACTORY - CONTINUOUS
text: SAC HERNANDEZ hisses into his phone:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Just got the call the Horsemen are
dialog: about to go onstage. You sure we’re
dialog: in the right place?
speaker_heading: DYLAN (ON PHONE)
dialog: We're in the right place.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: It goddamn well better be.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF MONEY FACTORY - CONTINUOUS
text: Dylan presses his phone off. Exchanges a less than confident
dialog: look with Fuller.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: It’s the right place.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: You’re sure of that, are you?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You can shut up, Merlin. The only
dialog: reason you’re here is I don’t trust
dialog: you out of my sight for more than-
text: THEN BRIGHT HEADLIGHTS sweep past them, and they look around
dialog: to see:
scene_heading: AN ARMORED TRUCK
text: Turning the corner, passing through the open gateway, and
text: rolling to a halt outside the rear loading dock GATE...
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - MONEY FACTORY - CONTINUOUS
text: Alma’s phone buzzes; she raises it to her ear:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: What’s up, G-Man?
speaker_heading: DYLAN (ON PHONE)
dialog: Tell me there’s no pickup scheduled
dialog: for tonight.
text: Alma turns to Lt. Thomas.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Tell him there’s no pickup
dialog: scheduled for tonight.
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: No way. Not ‘till six a.m.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Not until tomorrow morning.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF MONEY FACTORY - CONTINUOUS
text: Dylan’s face widens into a grin:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: Then it’s on.
text: Agent Fuller whispers into his WALKIE:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
text: It’s on.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. LOST ANGELES SPORTS CENTER - NIGHT
text: LIGHTS FLASH ON, illuminating the stage in the middle of the
text: huge arena, where MICHAEL ATLAS is standing, flanked hy
text: LONDON and RODERIGO. Michael raises his hands, quieting down
dialog: the crowd:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: I remember my first wand, when I
dialog: was a kid. I’d aim it at things
dialog: and try to lift them off the
dialog: ground. The piano. The dog. My
dialog: mother. It never worked...
text: LAUGHTER FROM THE AUDIENCE; and
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE SPORTS ARENA - CONTINUOUS
text: A LARGE CROWD is gathered outside, watching Michael on
text: MONITORS PLACED ALL AROUND THE EXTERIOR OF THE ARENA:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (ON MONITORS)
dialog: -- My father died when I was ten.
dialog: At the wake, I saw everyone crying;
dialog: so I stepped into the living room
dialog: with my wand, and did my first
dialog: show. Simple tricks. You know.
dialog: Kid stuff- Abracadabra- But I
dialog: looked at the faces around me, and
text: they were smiling and laughing.
dialog: That’s when I found my magic. My
dialog: mother passed a year later, and
dialog: when she was cremated I put that
text: wand into the fire to keep her
dialog: company in Heaven,
scene_heading: INT. STAGE - SPORTS ARENA - CONTINUOUS
text: Michael takes a moment, then:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Today, as you know, we suffered
text: another loss. Alex Hero is gone.
dialog: But we’re going to honor him the
dialog: best way we know how... the way he
dialog: would have wanted us to-
text: Michael points his finger and FIREWORKS GO OFF -- HEAVY METAL
text: STARTS POUNDING. The crowd rises to their feet, CHEERING;
dialog: and
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: INT. ROOFTOP - OUTSIDE MONEY FACTORY
text: FBI SNIPERS peer through the scopes of high-powered rifles.
text: Their angle is bad, but they can get a glimpse of the ARMORED
text: TRUCK by the loading dock, as
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF MONEY FACTORY - CONTINUOUS
text: Dylan and Agent Fuller watch silently, waiting, then:
text: TWO UNIFORMED MEN step outside of the armored truck. One of
text: them walks to the rear gate, takes out a SWIPE CARD, and runs
text: it past the electronic lock, causing the gate to start
dialog: opening...
text: THEN A THIRD UNIFORMED MAN opens the doors from inside the
text: back of the truck, revealing a CACHE OF HEAVY WEAPONS.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Oh hell. Wot good. Not good at
dialog: all.
dialog: (to Thaddeus)
dialog: You stay put. Do not leave the
dialog: car.
text: He quietly opens the car door and steps outside, followed by
text: Fuller, both of them drawing their weapons.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Easy... easy does it.
text: Then they see that a SECURITY GUARD from inside the Money
text: Factory is approaching the opening gate; the THIRD UNIFORMED
text: MAN is picking up a SHOTGUN from the back of the truck, and
dialog: suddenly-
text: BOOM! Dylan winces as Agent Fuller’s gun goes off right next
text: to his ear.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Jeezus!
text: Agent Fuller looks shocked; shaking his head in dismay- as
text: the THREE UNIFORMED MEN turn in surprise, looking extremely
dialog: confused, and:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: I didn’t mean it, man. I swear to
dialog: christ I-
text: But Dylan is already running forward, gun leveled, shouting:
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Get your hands in the air. Get them
text: up in the air.
text: THE UNIFORMED MEN look around, still in confusion; and:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: (into his ear-piece)
dialog: Give them warning shots. Nothing
dialog: fatal.
text: A COUPLE OF SNIPER BULLETS hit the ground near the uniformed
text: men, who drop their weapons and throw their hands up -- Then
text: Dylan is on them, kicking their legs out from under them,
dialog: shouting:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Spread eagle. Arms wide. Do it.
text: They do it. Dylan kneels down and pulls their caps off-
text: looks at their faces- JUST THREE TOUGH LOOKING GUYS WE’VE
scene_heading: NEVER SEEN BEFORE.
text: Agent Fuller rushes over, breathing hard:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Who the hell are they?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I have no goddamn idea.
scene_heading: INT. STAGE - SPORTS ARENA
text: London Osborne stands in front of a row of VOLUNTEERS like a
text: conductor, watching them each expertly juggle a HALF-DOZEN
text: EGGS in the air, as if they were expert jugglers...
text: London turns and gives the audience a cheeky look; SNAPS HIS
text: FINGERS, and suddenly the volunteers are fumbling and
text: surprised, the EGGS LANDING EVERYWHERE, splattering on their
text: heads, on the floor, as the audience is convulsed with
scene_heading: LAUGHTER. ..-
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF MONEY FACTORY - NIGHT
text: THE THREE UNIFORMED MEN ARE sitting on the ground beside the
text: gathered forces of the FBI and BEP; hands cuffed behind their
text: backs -- A YOUNG AGENT looks up from his lap-top:
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT
dialog: These characters aren’t on any of
dialog: the security clearance databases.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT (CONT'D)
dialog: They aren’t registered armored
dialog: guards, either. Not from any known
dialog: company.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: (to the uniformed men)
dialog: You want to tell me who you are?
speaker_heading: UNIFORMED MAN #1
dialog: We have a nine o’clock pickup. We
dialog: have to pick up our payload at
dialog: nine.
text: Dylan steps over, holding their SWIPE CARDS:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: They had cards with access to every
text: room in the facility.
text: The Agents all look up at Lt. Thomas and Officer Siegel:
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: I’m the only one with that kind of
dialog: access. But I sure as shit didn’t
dialog: give it to these jokers.
dialog: (to the unformed men)
dialog: Where did you get these cards?
speaker_heading: UNINORMED MAN #2
dialog: We were following procedure. We
dialog: didn’t do anything wrong...
text: THEN A CELL PHONE BUZZES from the back pocket of UNIFORMED
dialog: Guy #1
text: DYLAN removes it, looks at the screen: a TEXT MESSAGE THAT
text: READS: MY COUSIN HAS A SWEATER LIKE THAT. IS IT WOOL?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: “My cousin has a sweater like that?
dialog: Is it wool?”
dialog: (then)
dialog: What the hell is that supposed to-
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: It’s code.
text: Everyone turns and looks at Thaddeus, who strides over:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: Old magician’s code. Houdini’s
dialog: favorite, for its utter banality.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: During his act, he would ask it of
text: an accomplice, in order to let him
dialog: know if he was set to go on with a
dialog: trick.
dialog: (then)
dialog: “Cotton,” was the response given,
dialog: when the answer was “yes.”
speaker_heading: UNINORMED MAN #2
dialog: This is bullshit. We had a nine
dialog: o’clock pickup. We were here on
dialog: time. We were following procedure.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: We’re not gonna get anything from
dialog: these guys like this. Give me two
dialog: hours with them back at HQ and
speaker_heading: I’l1l-
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: You will do nothing, Agent Hobbes.
text: Dylan falls silent. SAC HERNANDEZ waves to his men:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (CONT’D)
dialog: Clear the area. Lt. Thomas, this
dialog: is your collar. You are coming
dialog: with me to interrogate these men.
dialog: I have one or two little questions
dialog: for you to answer, as well.
dialog: (turns to ALMA)
dialog: Detective Vargas, your work on this
dialog: case has been exemplary- but after
dialog: you file your report with the BEP,
dialog: you better catch the first flight
dialog: back to Vegas.
text: Alma bites her lip. Keeps her feelings down. Hernandez
text: glares at Dylan:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (CONT’D)
dialog: You are done for tonight, Hobbes.
dialog: You and Agent Fuller, the both of
dialog: you. Done.
text: Dylan takes that in. Nods. Types into the cell phone he’s
text: holding: C-O0-T-T-O-N- then puts the phone into Hernandez’s
dialog: hand, and
scene_heading: INT. STAGE - SPORTS ARENA - NIGHT
text: THE CROWD CHEERS as RODERIGO stands underneath TWO BEAUTIFUL
text: GIRLS, spinning them overhead with his fingers;
dialog: 97.
text: only the girls are split into TWO as they spin, their legs
text: and _torsos interchanging in the air above the magicians’
dialog: head...
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF MONEY FACTORY - NIGHT
text: Dylan and Alma stand by Agent Fuller, who is still shaken:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Sorry I let you down. I don’t
dialog: know... I saw the weapons, and I
dialog: overreacted... I screwed up...
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: We all screwed up. Nothing to do
dialog: about it now.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Yeah, there is.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: We might not be able to arrest him,
dialog: but as far Michael Atlas knows,
dialog: things went off just the way he
dialog: planned. We’re fifteen minutes
dialog: from Downtown. I don’t know about
dialog: you...
text: Reaches into his jacket, comes out holding the TICKETS
scene_heading: MICHAEL GAVE HIM:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: But I’m gonna be there to see his
text: face when he realizes he’s wrong.
scene_heading: INT. SPORTS ARENA - NIGHT
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MICHAEL -- FACE ILLUMINATED BY A HARSH SPOTLIGHT:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, we’re glad to
dialog: have been able to take your mind
dialog: off your troubles with a few hours’
dialog: divertissement...
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE ON THE HUGE ARENA
text: THE AUDIENCE rises to its collective feet, giving a standing
text: ovation in anticipation of the Horsemen’s newest finale:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: -- But I can’t leave this stage
dialog: without acknowledging that we are
dialog: living in hard times.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: CAMERA CLOSES IN ON DYLAN, ALMA VARGAS, AGENT FULLER AND
text: THADDEUS BRADLEY making their way toward the front of arena,
dialog: and
text: ANGLE ON MICHAEL, spotting them; a smile spreads across his
dialog: face:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: We know you’re all suffering. But
dialog: this is the biggest audience we’ve
dialog: had... there’s a lot of you out
dialog: there. That means we have to come
dialog: up with our biggest score yet. And
dialog: money doesn’t grow on trees...
dialog: (pauses)
text: But it is printed in factories.
text: Michael turns to RODERIGO, who pulls a lever, and a DOZEN
text: HUGE SCREENS descend around Michael, seeming to hover in the
text: air -- RODERIGO takes out a HANDHELD VIDEO CAMERA, points it
text: at the screens, and
text: THE SCREENS SUDDENLY FILL with an IMAGE OF THE MONEY FACTORY;
text: moving through it, as if filmed by RODERIGO’S CAMERA as he
text: paces the stage.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Some of these places- like this
dialog: one- can hold nearly a billion
dialog: dollars at any given time. Can you
dialog: believe that?
text: ANGLE ON DYLAN AND ALMA -- Looking at each other; how do
dialog: these quys do this?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: And here it is, the room where all
dialog: that money is held. And there it
text: is, in that glass covered pallet.
text: Newly printed. Almost One. Billion.
dialog: Dollars.
text: THE AUDIENCE falls into a hush, hardly breathing, at the
text: image of the CAGED ROOM HOLDING THE MONEY on the SCREENS.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: The government prints it, just like
dialog: that, whenever they want to. But I
dialog: think, for once, someone else
dialog: should decide where it goes, don’t
dialog: you?
text: THE CROWD ANSWERS WITH AN UPROARIOUS AFFIRMATIVE.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Alright, then. So, with a single
dialog: snap of the fingers-
text: Michael turns to the screens- SNAPS. Nothing happens. A
dialog: beat.
text: Michael turns and shoots a look at Roderigo- who shakes his
text: head, with a look that says: “I don’t know what the hell is
dialog: going on.”
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: This is a really hard one.
text: SNAPS his finger again. Again nothing. Michael waits
text: another moment. Then, recomposing himself, turns back to the
dialog: audience:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, it looks like
dialog: you’re not going to get the finale
dialog: you were expecting tonight.
text: THE BIGGEST BOO YOU’VE EVER HEARD IN YOUR LIFE.
text: DURING THE CACOPHONY EYE-CONTACT passes between MICHAEL AND
scene_heading: DYLAN, MICHAEL AND ALMA, MICHAEL AND THADDEUS... various
text: degrees of gloating in their eyes, a tinge of defeat in his,
dialog: then
text: MICHAEL raises his hands, trying to quiet down the crowd:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Is this really why you’re here?
dialog: For the money? Are you becoming
dialog: the very people you disdain? The
dialog: people you come to see us
dialog: humiliate? Aren’t there more
dialog: important things in life- like
dialog: Love. .?
scene_heading: IF YOU THOUGHT THE FIRST ROUND OF BOOING WAS BAD -- MICHAEL
text: HAS TO SHOUT TO BE HEARD ABOVE THE CROWD:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: -- Like happiness? Like friends?
dialog: Didn’t Jesus himself say it was
dialog: easier for a camel to pass through
dialog: the eye of a needle than for a rich
dialog: man to get into heaven?
dialog: 100.
text: AS MICHAEL SPEAKS THE LIGHTS subtly change from WHITE TO
text: YELLOW... TO ORANGE... TO RED... A STRANGE ROARING SOUND is
text: beginning to fill the AUDITORIUM:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: -- The same Jesus who, when a good
dialog: man called Lazarus died, reached
text: forth and brought him back to life.
dialog: They said Jesus was the son of God
dialog: when he did it. If I can do the
dialog: same thing... what does that make
dialog: me?
text: Suddenly there is a tremendous EXPLOSION from behind Michael,
dialog: and
text: A FLAMING AUTOMOBILE comes flying through the air, sailing
text: over his head, and crash lands right at the foot of the
dialog: stage, and
text: A BURNING MAN comes flailing out of the car, covered in
text: flames like the human torch, and
text: RODERIGO AND LONDON OSBORNE run in from the sides with FIRE
text: EXTINGUISHERS and douse the flames, revealing the man to be
text: ALEX HERO -- Looking as if he has just been through the
text: wringer. He stands shakily at the foot of the stage for an
text: instant, then raises his hands above his head, and
text: THE AUDIENCE GASPS, THEN RISES TO THEIR FEET, laughing and
text: applauding.
scene_heading: ANGLES ON DYLAN -- ALMA -- THADDEUS -- AGENT FULLER -- They
dialog: can’t believe their eyes, as:
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Boyo, you gave us all the scare of
dialog: our bloody lives. Where the hell
dialog: have you been?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Not Hell, yo. I was worried
dialog: Michael might lose his magic
dialog: tonight, so I went to the other
dialog: side... to bring him back this.
text: He holds up a simple MAGIC WAND.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: My wand. The one I had as a boy.
dialog: But-—
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It’s alright, homes. Your Moms
dialog: wanted you to have it. Please. I
dialog: might not have gone though Hell to
dialog: get it... but I passed awful close.
text: Michael reaches out, as the crowd cheers its encouragement,
text: and takes the wand. He hugs Alex, and the crowd explodes;
text: then Michael turns back to the audience:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: You know, the real magic this wand
dialog: had was the ability to make people
dialog: smile. And this being our last
dialog: show, you know we want to leave you
dialog: smiling, so...
text: Michael suddenly turns to the SCREENS behind him, on which
text: the IMAGE OF THE CAGE-ROOM IN THE MONEY FACTORY is still
dialog: showing, and:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Abracadabra.
text: And- WHOOMP- The IMAGE CHANGES to that of the same room, but
text: with the PALLET OF MONEY NOW SUDDENLY GONE. A gasp from the
dialog: audience:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: If you still don’t know us very
dialog: well and think this is just a
dialog: trick- do yourself a favor and pick
dialog: up the papers tomorrow morning.
text: DYLAN’S PHONE is vibrating; he raises it to his ear,
text: struggling to hear above the din, as SAC HERNANDEZ’S VOICE
speaker_heading: COMES IN:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (ON PHONE)
dialog: Hobbes, are you there? The goddamn
text: Money Factory has just been robbed.
dialog: Can you hear me..?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: What? How? By who? How the-
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (0.S.)
dialog: As for the rest of you- want to see
dialog: where all that money went?
text: THE ROAR drowns out any chance of Dylan being able to hear
text: anything else on the phone; he grimaces, looking back at the
dialog: stage, as
dialog: 102.
text: MICHAEL reaches down near the bottom of the closest SCREEN
text: and comes up with a single TWENTY DOLLAR BILL. He throws it
dialog: upward, and
text: THE TWENTY DOLLAR BILL shoots up high into the air of the
text: cavernous stadium, which suddenly seems to EXPLODE WITH
text: MONEY, CASH FLYING ALL OVER THE PLACE FROM EVERY DIRECTION,
dialog: and
text: THE CROWD GOES MAD -- PEOPLE JUMP IN THE AIR, REACHING FOR
text: THE BILLS, DIVING TO THE FLOOR, SCOOPING IT UP BY THE
text: HANDFUL...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE SPORTS ARENA - CONTINUOUS
text: MONEY IS BLOWING OUT OF VENTS from the exterior of the arena
text: as well, raining down on the CROWD gathered outside, which
text: turns into instant pandemonium, like a WINDBLOWN TICKER TAPE
speaker_heading: PARADE, and
scene_heading: INT. SPORTS ARENA - CONTINUOUS
text: DYLAN, ALMA, AGENT FULLER and THADDEUS catch a last look at
scene_heading: THE FOUR HORSEMEN
text: Who hold hands at the foot of the stage, raising them in the
text: air ina salute, before backing away and vanishing under the
text: paper rain of swirling, falling cash...
text: THADDEUS nods slightly, as if impressed despite himself. Then
text: he turns walks away, heading back up the aisle, disappearing
text: into the maelstrom...
scene_heading: EXT. FBI HEADQUARTERS BUILDING - LOS ANGELES - NIGHT
text: AN UNMARKED CAR screeches to a stop in the parking lot;
text: Dylan, Alma and Agent Fuller get out and head toward the
text: front doors; we hear on the SOUNDTRACK:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.O.)
dialog: What the hell happened?
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - FBI HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: SAC HERNANDEZ, backed by a room bustling with activity, faces
text: our agents; Lt. Thomas, Officer Siegel and a GUARD CAPTAIN
text: FROM THE MONEY FACTORY are beside him:
speaker_heading: OFFICER SIEGEL
dialog: As soon as you cleared out, I
text: headed back to the control center.
dialog: I’m not sure what happened next...
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN
dialog: What happened next was some of the
text: guys saw Lt. Thomas making his way
text: toward the cage.
text: Dylan, Alma and Agent Fuller turn toward Lt. Thomas, who
text: snarls:
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: I have been with SAC Hernandez the
dialog: entire time.
scene_heading: IMAGE FROM THE MONEY FACTORY: P.O.V. THROUGH THE GRATED ROOM
text: DIVIDERS -- AS “LT. THOMAS” swipes his card across the lock
text: to CAGE-ROOM, then steps inside, grabs the handles for the
text: DOLLY that the PALLET OF MONEY is sitting on, and wheels it
text: out of the room... stops, facing the room for a moment, and
scene_heading: CLOSE ON “LT. THOMAS” HAND HOLDING UP A CELL PHONE -- TAKING
text: A PHOTOGRAPH of the now EMPTY CAGE-ROOM, before turning and
text: wheeling the PALLET down the corridor.
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN (V.0.)
dialog: -- He was moving the money toward
dialog: the loading dock, when we finally
dialog: got our shit together, and moved in
dialog: on him, but...
text: A TERRIBLE SONIC WHINE CUTS THROUGH THE AIR -- And the ARMED
text: GUARDS drop their weapons, clutching their ears and sinking
text: to their knees in pain...
scene_heading: TIGHT SHOTS -- SEVERAL HIGH-TECH ULTRASOUND TRANSMITTERS have
text: been magnetically attached to the grated walls in strategic
text: places along the corridor, red lights indicating activity...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON “LT. THOMAS’S” EAR -- BLOCKED BY A SPECIAL PLUG
text: emitting a counter-frequency, as he hustles the PALLET toward
dialog: the loading dock; and
text: BACK TO THE CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Where the Guard Captain is shaking his head:
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN (CONT’D)
dialog: My ears are still ringing like
dialog: crazy. Only reason I can hear you
dialog: at all is I was up on the second
dialog: level when it happened.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: So now these guys have access to
dialog: high-tech military equipment?
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER
dialog: Ain’t that hard, if you know the
dialog: right people and grease the right
dialog: palms.
text: IMAGE OF THE LOADING AREA BEHIND THE MONEY FACTORY: “Lt.
text: THOMAS” rolls the PALLET OF MONEY into the back of the
text: ARMORED TRUCK that is still there, slams the doors shut, runs
text: into the driver’s seat and starts it up...
text: A FEW GUARDS come out, blasting at the armored truck, but the
text: bullets bounce off, and the truck pulls out into the street.
speaker_heading: OFFICER SIEGEL (V.0.)
dialog: Every police car in the area was
dialog: put on instant notice... had at
text: least a dozen heading toward the
dialog: scene...
text: IMAGES OF POLICE CARS RACING THROUGH THE STREETS, SIRENS
speaker_heading: BLARING; and
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (V.O.)
dialog: We were notified as well, turned
dialog: right around. But it didn’t make a
dialog: damn bit of difference...
text: THE ARMORED TRUCK turns a corner onto a deserted street, then
text: drives into an UNDERGROUND PARKING LOT filled with, among
text: other vehicles, a row of BODEGA-STYLE FOOD TRUCKS...
text: IN THE DRIVER’S SEAT: “Lt. THOMAS” pulls a lever under the
dialog: dashboard, activating
text: THE OUTSIDE PANELS OF THE TRUCK to COLLAPSE INWARD AND FLIP
text: OVER -- A remarkable feat of mechanical trickery that within
text: seconds has what was once an “armored truck” looking almost
text: exactly like a BODEGA-STYLE FOOD TRUCK.
dialog: 
text: OUTSIDE THE PARKING LOT: “Lt. THOMAS” steps out into the
text: street, pulling off his toupee. He sends the image of the
text: EMPTY CAGE ROOM on his cell phone as he walks past, and we
dialog: pan around to see
scene_heading: THE LA SPORTS ARENA
text: Only several blocks away, THE LARGE CROWD OUTSIDE watching
text: the show taking place within on the MONITORS placed outside
dialog: the arena.
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (V.0O.)
dialog: It was the kid, Alex Hero...
dialog: 105.
text: BACK TO THE CONFERENCE ROOM
text: The officers turn to Fuller:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (CONT’D)
dialog: -- He was off-radar all day, and
text: only popped up at the end of the
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Of course it was the kid. Now try
dialog: proving it in a court of law, Agent
dialog: Fuller.
text: IMAGE: “THE HOMELESS MAN” in the burning car: A STEEL PANEL
text: SHOWING HIS REFLECTION drops in front of him, right before
dialog: the explosion, and
text: AGENT FULLER SHIELDS his face from the blast, and
text: “THE HOMELESS MAN” uses the cover of the flames and chaos to
text: roll behind the freeway median and into a prepared HIDING
text: SPOT, pulling a rusted grating over himself.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (V.0.)
dialog: Then who was the body in the car?
text: BACK TO THE CONFERENCE ROOM:
text: A YOUNG AGENT addresses the group:
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT
text: John Doe. Probably taken from a
dialog: local hospital...
text: IMAGE: ALEX HERO AND RODERIGO, disguised as ORDERLIES,
text: wheeling a BODY on a gurney through a hospital corridor:
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT (V.0.) (CONT’D)
dialog: -- Medical profession's dirty
text: little secret. Fresh bodies are
dialog: stolen from area hospitals all the
dialog: time. Nine just in the last month.
text: Parts are auctioned off on the
dialog: black market. The Horsemen could
dialog: have had him on ice for weeks.
dialog: We'll never be able to tie it to
dialog: them.
text: BACK TO THE CONFERENCE ROOM:
text: DYLAN walks to where MONITORS show the THREE UNIFORMED MEN
text: taken in the aborted sting operation being held in a CELL:
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: And these guys?
text: ANOTHER FBI AGENT speaks:
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: Ran their photos through the
text: database. Two of them have
dialog: records, affiliated with a local
dialog: biker gang. One of them used to do
dialog: security work, now he’s a bartender
dialog: at some place called El Carmen
dialog: Rosa...
scene_heading: IMAGE: LONDON OSBORNE AT THE “BADASS BAR” -- Forcing the
text: TOUGH GUY he provoked to the floor with his finger:
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Drinks are on me.
text: PAN AROUND TO SEE- for the first time- THE BARTENDER, who is
text: indeed one of our uniformed men, looking on in awe -- RACK
text: FOCUS TO THE ROUGH CROWD and see that the OTHER TWO MEN are
dialog: there as well, and
text: BACK TO THE CONFERENCE ROOM:
text: SAC HERNANDEZ steps up to the monitors:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: They’re sticking to their story
text: like glue. Following procedure.
dialog: Had a pick up to make. Yadayada.
dialog: But one of them will break,
dialog: eventually. Take a deal, and name
dialog: who-
text: A PHONE RINGS. It’s ALMA’S CELL PHONE. She looks at the
text: number, doesn’t recognize it -- raises the phone to her ear:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Detective Vargas.
speaker_heading: VOICE (ON PHONE)
dialog: Those poor fellows you have locked
dialog: up in there must be getting hungry
dialog: about now. Ask them if they’d like
text: some pineapple for their breakfast.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Excuse me?
dialog: 107.
text: BEEP. Hung up. Alma looks around at the others, a sinking
text: feeling overtaking her, and
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING CELL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Alma is admitted to the area outside the cell by an AGENT;
text: she faces the THREE UNIFORMED MEN:
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Hey. How you holding up in there?
speaker_heading: UNINORMED MAN #1
dialog: This is bullshit. We had a pickup.
dialog: We were following procedure. You
dialog: got no right to treat us like this.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: You... ah... hungry?
text: THE UNIFORMED MEN stare at her, not understanding.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS (CONT’D)
dialog: You want some pineapple?
text: THE UNIFORMED MENS’ HEADS DROP like puppets with their
text: strings cut; two of them slump back against the wall, the
text: other falls flat on his face on the ground...
text: He slowly rises, looking completely baffled... confused...
dialog: then frightened:
speaker_heading: UNINORMED MAN #2
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Where the hell am I?
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - FBI HEADQUARTERS - LATER
text: THE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS are sitting around, looking
text: completely defeated.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: What about the money?
text: Holds up SEVERAL BILLS he collected during the show’s finale:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: We can still tie them in to the
dialog: stolen money. There’s just so much
dialog: explaining they can do as to how
dialog: they got hold of it this time.
dialog: That’s something that’1l stick in
dialog: court.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: My people have already run the
dialog: serial numbers on as many of the
dialog: bills as we could collect. None of
dialog: them match the stolen money. Most
dialog: of them aren’t even all that new.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You mean. .?
scene_heading: LT. THOMAS
dialog: The Four Horsemen rained millions
dialog: of dollars of their own money all
dialog: over that crowd. Nothing near what
dialog: they stole, but it still had to be
dialog: a lot. No law against throwing
dialog: away your own money, though.
dialog: A beat, then:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: Then the stolen money is still out
dialog: there.
text: ANOTHER FBI AGENT turns from his computer screen:
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: And we might know where to find it.
dialog: (to Dylan)
dialog: More research results from the
dialog: Atlantic City job have been coming
dialog: in. I think we have what you want.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA - DESERT - DAY
text: A TAXI pulls up in front of the curb, and THADDEUS BRADLEY
text: gets out. TITLE READS:
dialog: Las Vegas - Nevada
dialog: 
text: Thaddeus sees the arm on his mailbox is up. Hesitates for a
text: second, then opens it:
text: THERE IS A SINGLE LETTER inside the mailbox. Thaddeus
text: reaches in, takes it out, and
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/THADDEUS’S VILLA - MOMENTS LATER
text: Thaddeus is mixing a MARTINI for himself, when he finally
text: notices the print on the letter lying on the bar: READ ME.
dialog: 109.
text: Thaddeus’s eyes narrow. He picks up a knife and opens the
text: envelope, takes out a single slip of paper, on which is
text: written: IN THE BASEMENT.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - THADDEUS’S VILLA - MOMENTS LATER
text: The lights come on, illuminating a space crammed to the
text: ceiling with magical bric-a-brac and memorabilia. Thaddeus
text: enters, then stops, as he sees
text: THE PALLET OF CASH FROM THE MONEY FACTORY
text: Sitting there, at the far end of the room.
text: Thaddeus takes it in for a moment -- then he hears the SOUND
text: OF CAR ENGINES AND BRAKES SQUEALING TO A HALT UPSTAIRS. Sound
text: of the door crashing in, the thumping of booted feet, and
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - THADDEUS’S VILLA
text: Thaddeus steps back into the living room, where
text: A DOZEN FBI AGENTS ARE WAITING FOR HIM, GUNS DRAWN.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: I’ve been framed, of course. The
dialog: first evidence which will attest to
dialog: that fact is the note sitting over-
text: But where the note on the bar was now remains only a HISSING
scene_heading: SULFUROUS VAPOR.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: Right.
scene_heading: EXT. THADDEUS’S VILLA - LATER
text: Thaddeus is led into a black sedan by a phalanx of AGENTS, as
text: we hear on the SOUNDTRACK:
speaker_heading: AGENT FULLER (V.O.)
dialog: We have fingerprint matches in the
dialog: Kaplan offices in New York, and on
text: Arthur Tressler’s computer, in his
dialog: office...
text: IMAGES: Thaddeus being taken into the Las Vegas Police
dialog: Headquarters, booked, fingerprinted, processed:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.O.)
dialog: I hardly even know how to use a
dialog: computer;
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: and I was in Atlantic City the
dialog: whole time. I am not "George
dialog: Kaplan..."
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.0.)
dialog: It helps if you say it in a funny
dialog: Cary Grant voice.
text: IMAGES: THADDEUS in court in front of a JUDGE -- LAWYERS
text: making arguments, Dylan and Alma Vargas watching from the
dialog: sidelines:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.0.) (CONT’D)
dialog: In the time you lost me, you could
dialog: have made the trip there and back.
dialog: We also have partials on the sonic-
dialog: discs used in the Money Factory
dialog: heist, and-
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.0O.)
dialog: If I'm such mastermind why would I
dialog: be the only one to have left
dialog: fingerprints lying around? Why
dialog: would I have all that money in my
dialog: basement? Why would I be so damned
dialog: sloppy?
text: IMAGE: Thaddeus in ORANGE JAIL GARB, being led toward LAS
scene_heading: VEGAS COUNTY JAIL by TWO LARGE DEPUTIES.
speaker_heading: DYLAN {V.0.)
dialog: Age. Ego. Who the hell knows? You
dialog: ded us on a hell of a run-around to
dialog: make your boys look good, at our
dialog: expense. Brass wants at least one
dialog: arrest, and you're it. You want to
dialog: turn State’s on the others, I’m
dialog: authorized to get down on my knees
dialog: and beg you to do so.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (V.0.)
dialog: I’ve got nothing on them that would
dialog: stick, and it would only serve to
dialog: further implicate me. You know
dialog: that.
text: IMAGE: Thaddeus being led down a long corridor toward the
dialog: cell-block:
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.O.)
dialog: Sure I do. I also know the judge
dialog: decided you’re a flight risk, on
dialog: account of your self proclaimed
dialog: mastery of disguise, and set bail
dialog: at three million dollars. Have any
dialog: friends willing to pay that?
scene_heading: INT. CELL - LAS VEGAS COUNTY JAIL - DAY
text: Thaddeus and Dylan sit facing each other across the cell:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: I will beat these charges.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Maybe. But by the time the lawyers
dialog: are through with you, you’1ll be
text: living out of a cardboard box,
text: playing three card monty on a
text: corner ten blocks from the strip.
text: Dylan stands, picking his jacket up -- Thaddeus’s shoulders
text: slump, his eyes suddenly fragile.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: Agent Hobbes... please. You know I
dialog: didn’t do this..
text: Dylan takes a moment; then leans over to Thaddeus, and
text: whispers ever so softly in his ear:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I_know.
text: Thaddeus looks confused for a moment, then his eyes widen, as
text: he begins to understand -- and as it comes together in his
dialog: mind we see
text: A FLOW OF IMAGES SHOWING DYLAN AT KEY MOMENTS:
text: THE FIRST SHOW: The “USHER” takes the DRINK from Thaddeus --
text: as he walks away we see that it is Dylan in disquise, and
scene_heading: DYLAN uses an INFRA-BLUE CAMERA to photograph THADDEUS’S
text: FINGERPRINTS from the glass -- then using a LASER ENGRAVER to
text: imprint the prints into the fingertips of a pair of LATEX
text: GLOVES, then to
text: MICHAEL ATLAS- disguised as “George Kaplan”- putting on the
text: gloves as he walks toward the KAPLAN INC. OFFICES -- See him
text: turning the doorknob... picking up the phone...
dialog: 112.
text: in ARTHUR TRESSLER’S OFFICE typing on Tressler’s computer,
dialog: accessing his bank codes...
text: DYLAN USING THE FBI COMPUTER SYSTEM to manufacture FAKE
text: PASSPORTS FOR THE FOUR HORSEMEN, and
text: IMAGES OF MICHAEL, LONDON OSBORNE, RODERIGO and ALEX using
text: the passports at CHARLES DeGAULLE AIRPORT, and
text: DYLAN sits in front of a BRIEFCASE with a MIRROR on the top
text: flap, putting on make-up, and we see
text: DYLAN DISGUISED AS RODERIGO, rehearsing a gimmick on-stage...
text: DYLAN DISGUISED AS LONDON OSBORNE, walking purposefully
text: through a mall... DYLAN DISGUISED AS MICHAEL, getting take-
text: out, waving to a fan... DYLAN DISGUISED AS ALEX, driving a
text: corvette, smiling to a couple of girls at a stop-light; and
text: DYLAN ON A COMPUTER, sending information to:
text: RODERIGO, IN PARIS, who uses it to jack into the CREDIT
text: LYONNAIS BANK’S security system, and
scene_heading: HANDS OPEN TRESSLER’S SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX -- IMPRINT it with
text: the partial CARBON of the BLUEPRINT of the MONEY FACTORY.
scene_heading: DYLAN ON THE PAY-PHONE IN ATLANTIC CITY- “Talking to Hanna”
dialog: watched by Alma Vargas; and we see
text: MICHAEL ATLAS is on the other end of the line; he turns to
text: the other HORSEMEN, waiting in their hotel room, and nods:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Showtime.
text: DYLAN FOLLOWING THADDEUS in the mall, talking to Agent Fuller
text: on his ear-piece; he gets a TEXT ON HIS PHONE: “Need you here
text: in ten.” Looks around, as if he has “lost” Thaddeus, and
text: starts hurrying in the opposite direction:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: -- Shit. I’ve lost him. Shit...
text: IN A STAIRWELL: DYLAN opens a SUITCASE, revealing his MAKE-UP
speaker_heading: KIT INSIDE, and
scene_heading: THE FOUR HORSEMEN- with DYLAN DISGUISED AS MICHAEL ATLAS-
text: exit the Trump Hotel into a crush of fans, watched by ALMA
speaker_heading: VARGAS, and
text: IN THE “MONEY FACTORY”: As DYLAN and ALMA are shown around we
text: ZOOM IN TO HIS BELT-BUCKLE, in which a CAMERA IS HIDDEN; and
dialog: we see
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: THE P.O.V. OF THE MONEY FACTORY- The same one RODERIGO used
dialog: during the show, and
text: CLOSE SHOTS of DYLAN SUBTLY- like a master magician- PLACING
text: THE SONIC-TRANSMITTERS in discreet locations as they walk
dialog: through the space, and
text: IN THE CONTROL ROOM: Dylan brushes against Lt. THOMAS in the
text: tight space -- PICKING THE SWIPE CARD OUT OF HIS POCKET,
text: placing it in his own POCKET- where, in an X-RAY STYLE ZOOM
dialog: we see
scene_heading: A FLAT ELECTRONIC COPIER- THE SIZE OF A CALCULATOR, against
text: which the swipe card is pressed, and
text: As DYLAN AND ALMA exit the control room he slides the SWIPE
text: CARD back into LT. THOMAS’S PANTS POCKET; and
text: OUTSIDE THE MONEY FACTORY: Dylan discretely slides the little
text: ELECTRONIC COPIER into a mailbox as they walk to their car --
text: ANOTHER CUT: ALEX HERO walks by the mailbox, lifting out the
speaker_heading: COPIER, and
text: IN A GARAGE: Roderigo programs several SWIPE CARDS from the
text: COPIER, and hands them to
text: LONDON OSBORNE, who walks to the “ARMORED CAR” where the
text: THREE UNIFORMED MEN he has hypnotized are waiting; he hands
dialog: them the cards, and
text: IN THE FBI STATION BEFORE THE RAID: As SAC Hernandez speaks,
text: DYLAN discretely places a new MAG near Agent Fuller’s .45
speaker_heading: AUTOMATIC, and
text: OUTSIDE THE MONEY FACTORY: The UNIFORMED MEN open the back
text: doors of the armored truck, revealing the cache of weapons,
dialog: causing
text: DYLAN AND AGENT FULLER to get out of the car, holding their
dialog: GUNS, and we ZOOM INTO
text: DYLAN’S HAND, pressing a TINY REMOTE, and
text: AGENT FULLER’S GUN GOES OFF WITH A BOOM!
scene_heading: INT. CELL - LAS VEGAS COUNTY JAIL
text: Thaddeus blinks his eyes, as if awakened from a dream- or
text: nightmare. He looks up to see that Dylan is already on the
text: other side of the gate, and musters his voice to ask:
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: But... why?
text: Thaddeus stands, walks toward the gate:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: You never kept any of the money.
dialog: The Horsemen are rich, famous
dialog: beyond measure, but you... why?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You once asked me if there is
dialog: anything I love. That I would
dialog: protect even at the expense of my
dialog: own happiness or reputation. Now
dialog: you know the answer...
text: Dylan turns to face Thaddeus:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: See, the thing about legends, is-
dialog: sometimes they’re true.
text: Dylan raises his fist, then opens his hand, revealing:
text: A TATTOO OF AN EYE INSIDE A TRIANGLE imprinted on his palm.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Now you see me.
text: Dylan closes his hand, opens it again, and the tattoo is
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: THADDEUS
dialog: The Eye? But that’s insane. It’s a
dialog: myth... There’s no Secret Order...
dialog: It’s a bedtime story...
text: But Dylan is already walking away, leaving Thaddeus behind in
dialog: his cell; and
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THADDEUS
text: His face trembling with fury and disbelief:
speaker_heading: THADDEUS (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s just a goddamn story.
scene_heading: EXT. EXCELSIOR HOTEL - NIGHT
text: A HUGE CROWD is gathered below; and we TILT UP to see
text: SHIMMERING LOGO at the top of the building. IN V.o.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: ALEX (V.O.)
dialog: We really breaking this thing up?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: ALEX HERO turns from the window to face the OTHER THREE
speaker_heading: HORSEMEN :
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: -- That’s one big crowd down there,
dialog: just for a press conference to hear
dialog: us say we’re done. In that crowd
dialog: is a lot of ‘tang.
speaker_heading: RODERIGO
dialog: Don’t worry, cabrone. You’ll be
dialog: riding high off this for a good
dialog: long time.
dialog: (raises his GLASS)
dialog: Here’s to the Fifth Horseman-
dialog: Whoever the hell he was. Salut.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: I feel like those bloody tarts from
dialog: the telly, you know, waiting for
dialog: that bloke you never see to call
text: them on the speaker and
dialog: congratulate them for a job well
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Wish you looked like ‘em, cue-ball.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: Actually, he did leave a message.
text: All turn to Michael, who takes a moment, then:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: But it wasn’t exactly to
dialog: congratulate us.
text: Michael raises his CELL-PHONE, and puts it on SPEAKER; an
text: electronically disguised VOICE SPEAKS:
speaker_heading: VOICE (ON PHONE)
dialog: You got what you wanted. We got
dialog: what we wanted. We're done. If
dialog: you ever break the law for personal
dialog: gain, you'll be facing us from the
dialog: other side. We're watching you.
text: Click. The four magicians exchange looks; all of which end on
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
text: Eyes gleaming, expression impossible to read; and
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBS - OUTER VEGAS - DAY
text: ALMA VARGAS looks out from behind a car window, in which are
text: reflected the approaching figures of
text: DYLAN and his daughter HANNA -- Alma rolls the window down:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hanna, this is Detective Vargas.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: Call me Alma. How you doing, Hanna?
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: Fine.
text: Dylan takes a look over his shoulder toward the house where
text: his ex-wife CATHERINE is visible, watching them from the
dialog: window.
text: Dylan gives her a grateful nod, then turns and opens the back
text: door of the car, lifting Hanna inside and jumping in after
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: She’s gonna be our chauffeur to the
dialog: water park.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: In your dreams, G-Man. One of you
dialog: better get over here in front, if
dialog: you want to go anywhere today.
text: Hanna climbs into the passenger seat, and Dylan grins:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You psyched to get soaked?
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Personally, I’m psyched to see Alma
text: in a bikini.
speaker_heading: ALMA VARGAS
dialog: It’s Detective Vargas to you. And
dialog: I’m wearing a one-piece.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: HANNA
dialog: Dad.
text: Alma steps on the gas, and
text: WIDE ON THE STREET
text: As the car takes off down the road, heading toward the open,
text: sunny horizon. For a long moment. Then:
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.0.)
dialog: A one-piece? Really?
text: cuUT TO BLACK
text: A FEW CREDITS ROLL, THEN WE SEE:
text: MICHAEL ATLAS -- lit with the gauzy lighting of a BARBARA
text: WALTERS SPECIAL, which is what he is on; Barbara asking him:
speaker_heading: BARBARA WALTERS
dialog: -- Michael. You haven’t performed
dialog: in over a year. You’re still so
dialog: young. Do you feel pressure to top
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: I wouldn’t call it pressure. I’m
dialog: just- preparing- for the next act
dialog: of my life.
speaker_heading: BARBARA WALTERS
dialog: Rumors are swirling that you’re re-
dialog: forming the Four Horsemen for a
dialog: surprise show. Is there any truth
dialog: in that?
text: Michael allows himself a slight smile:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ATLAS
dialog: If I told you, it wouldn’t be a
dialog: surprise.
speaker_heading: BLACKOUT.
dialog: 
