dialog: 
speaker_heading: OCEAN'S 11
dialog: screenplay by
dialog: Ted Griffin
dialog: based on a screenplay by
dialog: Harry Brown and Charles Lederer
dialog: and
dialog: a story by
dialog: George Clayton Johnson &amp; Jack Golden Russell
scene_heading: LATE PRODUCTION DRAFT
speaker_heading: Rev. 05/31/01 (Buff)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EMPTY ROOM WITH SINGLE CHAIR 1
text: We hear a DOOR OPEN and CLOSE, followed by APPROACHING
text: FOOTSTEPS. DANNY OCEAN, dressed in prison fatigues,
text: ENTERS FRAME and sits.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Please state your name for the
dialog: record.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Daniel Ocean.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Thank you. Mr. Ocean, the purpose
dialog: of this meeting is to determine
dialog: whether, if released, you are
dialog: likely to break the law again.
dialog: While this was your first
dialog: conviction, you have been
dialog: implicated, though never charged,
dialog: in over a dozen other confidence
dialog: schemes and frauds. What can you
dialog: tell us about this?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: As you say, ma'am, I was never
dialog: charged.
scene_heading: 2 INT. PAROLE BOARD HEARING ROOM - WIDER VIEW - MORNING 2
text: Three PAROLE BOARD MEMBERS sit opposite Danny, behind a
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER #2
dialog: Mr. Ocean, what we're trying to
dialog: find out is: was there a reason
dialog: you chose to commit this crime, or
dialog: was there a reason why you simply
dialog: got caught this time?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: My wife left me. I was upset. I
dialog: got into a self-destructive
dialog: pattern.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 2.
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED: 2
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER #3
dialog: If released, is it likely you
dialog: would fall back into a similar
dialog: pattern?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She already left me once. I don't
dialog: think she'll do it again just for
dialog: kicks.
text: Glances dart between the Board Members.
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER #1
dialog: Mr. Ocean, what do you think you
dialog: would do if released?
dialog: Danny considers.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: I don't know. How much do you
dialog: guys make a year?
scene_heading: 3 INT. MINIMUM-SECURITY PRISON - CHECK-OUT STATION - DAY 3
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: Ocean, Daniel.
text: Danny steps forth, and GUARD #1 doles out his possessions
text: and a form certifying their return to Danny.
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: Sign.
dialog: (adding a piece of
dialog: mail to the pile)
dialog: This came today for you. Rest'll
dialog: be forwarded to your parole
dialog: officer.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: (reading its return
dialog: address over Danny's
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Those your lawyers?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: My wife's.
text: He opens the letter, and as his eyes gaze over the papers
text: within, he smirks just a little.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: What's it say?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 3.
speaker_heading: 3 CONTINUED: 3
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm a free man.
scene_heading: 4 INT. CHANGING CUBICLE 4
text: Danny pulls on civilian clothes and there's not a bare
text: thread among them. He tugs his cuffs and smiles: The
dialog: old skin feels good. One last item to don: a silver
text: wedding band. Danny considers it. Will he put it on?
scene_heading: 5 EXT. MINIMUM-SECURITY PRISON - FRONT GATE - AFTERNOON 5
scene_heading: A sign reads: "NEW JERSEY STATE MINIMUM-SECURITY
text: CORRECTIONAL FACILITY." Someone has graffitied below it:
dialog: "If you were in prison, you'd be home now."
text: The great metal door opens, and Danny stands within its
dialog: frame, ready for release. (If it matters -- and if you
text: notice -- he's wearing his wedding ring.)
text: He hovers there for a moment, on the precipice of
text: freedom. The WIND WHISTLES a little on the other side of
text: the gate, and the view ahead is not pleasant (New
dialog: Jersey): Life is hard out there.
text: But Danny musters his courage, then takes his first step
dialog: into free America...
scene_heading: A6 EXT. ATLANTIC CITY BOARDWALK - DUSK A6
text: Any empty wintery boardwalk.
scene_heading: 6 INT. CASINO (ATLANTIC CITY) - NIGHT 6
text: ... And his wingtip lands squarely on plush red
text: carpeting.
text: As we PULL UP TO Danny's face and SPIN AROUND him, we
text: hear, then see the BUZZ of a CASINO floor: the HUM of
scene_heading: CONVERSATION, the DING-DING-DING and THUNK-THUNK-THUNK
text: from the SLOTS, the brisk WHIR of SHUFFLED CARDS.
text: And to Danny, it's a hearth and fire and a comfy chair
text: and a snifter of brandy. He's home.
scene_heading: ON DANNY'S WALLET
text: As he pulls out several crisp one hundreds, sets them on
text: green felt, then sees them replaced by a neat pile of
dialog: chips.
dialog: 4.
scene_heading: 7 AT BLACKJACK TABLE 7
text: Danny cranes his neck about the casino, looking for
dialog: someone -- a friend, somebody who should be here -- but
text: without success. He turns his attention back to his
text: cards, and the cards of the dealer.
text: Nine-ten. Stay. Dealer -- seventeen. Danny wins.
text: King-four. Dealer shows a six. Stick. Dealer busts.
text: Queen-ace. Twenty-one. Danny wins again.
text: A second dealer relieves the first, and Danny recognizes
dialog: him with a smile -- this wasn't the friend he was
text: scouting for, but two hours out of the joint any familiar
dialog: face is welcome.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hello, Frank.
text: The new dealer (FRANK CATTON) glances up at Danny, and
text: his eyes go wide, like a priest who's discovered he's
text: dealing communion wafers to the pontiff himself. He
text: quickly hides his astonishment.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I beg your pardon, sir. You must
dialog: have me confused with someone
dialog: else. My name is Ramon. See?
text: He taps the name embroidered on his vest, although he is
dialog: the most African-looking Ramon you've ever seen. A pit
text: boss circles close by and glares at them both.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: My mistake...
dialog: (collecting his chips,
dialog: doubled)
dialog: Table's cold anyway.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You might try the lounge at the
dialog: Grand, sir. It gets busy around
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (as he goes)
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: 8 INT. LOUNGE AT GRAND 8
text: Danny checks his watch -- 12:58 -- then the lounge around
text: him: prison had more nightlife. He nurses a bourbon,
text: folds back the New York Times and scans.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 5.
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED: 8
text: His eyes move down the page and stop at a header --
dialog: "Vegas' Paradiso to be Razed; Former Owner Denounces
dialog: Plans" -- accompanied by two photographs...
dialog: The first: Tan, well-coiffed developer and new owner of
text: the Paradiso, Terry Benedict, with a beautiful (if barely
text: visible) woman on his arm. The second: scowling former
dialog: owner, Reuben Tishkoff.
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: Catching up on current events?
text: Danny lowers the paper; Frank is sitting across from him,
text: changed out of his dealer's threads.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Ramon?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Glad to meet you. Frank Catton
dialog: wouldn't get by the gaming board.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You just out?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: This afternoon.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (re: Danny's drink
dialog: and whereabouts)
text: And already turning over a new
dialog: leaf.
text: Frank signals a passing waitress; she ignores him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (directly, this is
dialog: why he's here)
dialog: You seen him?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Last I heard he was in L.A.
dialog: Teaching movie stars how to
dialog: play cards.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why? You don't have something
dialog: planned already?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You kidding? I just became a
dialog: citizen again.
text: Frank stares at Danny a moment, finally catches his eye,
text: and Danny can't help but grin: of course he has.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 6.
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED: (2) 8
text: Frank turns his eyes to heaven...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Jesus...
scene_heading: 9 INT. SUB SHOP - NIGHT 9
text: MOVING WITH Danny and Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's tough now, our line of work.
dialog: Everybody so serious. Too many
dialog: guns, too many computers. Whadda
dialog: you gonna do? Steal from ordinary
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That would be criminal.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So what's left? Banks? Hah.
dialog: Banks got no money. It's all
dialog: electronic. Only place that still
dialog: takes cash is...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Casinos.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh, no...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh, yes...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Soon. Interested?
text: Frank smiles. Danny has his answer.
scene_heading: 10 INT. SUB SHOP - FOYER - NIGHT 10
text: Danny pulls a business card from his jacket, picks up the
text: phone again, and dials the card's number.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 7.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: 10
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes, Officer Brooks? My name is
dialog: Danny Ocean. I'm just out, I'm
dialog: supposed to check in with you
dialog: within twenty-four hours.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: No, sir, I haven't gotten into
dialog: any trouble. No drinking, no sir.
dialog: (listens, finishes
dialog: his bourbon)
dialog: No, sir, I wouldn't even think of
dialog: leaving the state.
text: OFF the sound of a JET fly-over we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A11 EXT. HOLLYWOOD CLUB (DEEP) - REAR ENTRANCE - NIGHT A11
text: PULLING OFF the Capitol Building, we PICK UP Rusty
text: (tall, angular, ebony) leaning against his Ford Falcon.
speaker_heading: TOPHER (O.S.)
dialog: Hey! Hey, Rusty!
text: Rusty turns to the voice and --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: MOVING WITH him and Topher Grace, the actor, as they push
text: down a back alley.
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: Hey, I don't know if you're, uh,
dialog: you know, incorporated or anything,
dialog: like Rusty Ryan. And, I don't know,
dialog: incorporated, but you should think
dialog: about it, really, 'cause I was
dialog: talking to my manager yesterday --
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Bernie?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 8.
speaker_heading: A11 CONTINUED: A11
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: No, not Bernie, I mean not, not
dialog: that Bernie, my business manager,
dialog: he's also Bernie, he was telling
dialog: me that since this, what we do,
dialog: could be considered research for,
dialog: you know, a future gig, that I
dialog: should be able to write it off as
dialog: a business expense. So he suggested
dialog: that it'd be better if I wrote you
dialog: a check, and thereby --
text: Rusty looks at him: are you stoned?
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: Or, or we could keep it cash.
dialog: By this time, they should have entered --
speaker_heading: 11 OMITTED 11
scene_heading: A12 INT. HOLLYWOOD CLUB (DEEP) - NIGHT A12
text: -- where they must weave through hordes of young
dialog: Hollywood nightclubbers.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Alright. Who's here?
speaker_heading: TOPHER
text: Josh is here. Seth is here.
dialog: David couldn't make it. He's got
text: two weeks of reshoots on Lusitania
dialog: because somebody just figured out
dialog: forty percent of the budget is
dialog: coming from Germany.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: That's a problem.
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: Barry is here.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I thought they let him out to do
dialog: that H.B.O. thing in Vancouver.
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: Couldn't work the dates. Oh, and
dialog: he brought his girlfriend.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 9.
speaker_heading: A12 CONTINUED: A12
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Not the one from --
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I quit watching when Kate left Don
dialog: after his accident.
dialog: They pass on, and into --
speaker_heading: 12 OMITTED 12
scene_heading: A13 INT. BACK ROOM - NIGHT A13
text: Small but stylish. Rusty enters, Topher in tow.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Good evening, guys. Let's play
dialog: some cards...
text: A glance at the table reveals: the three waiting players
dialog: are all young TV stars (Josh Jackson, Seth Green, Barry
dialog: Watson) here for a group poker lesson with Rusty. (One
text: star, indeed, has brought his girlfriend, Katie, also
dialog: a known actress, to observe.)
text: A glance back at Rusty reveals: he's in for a long
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: ... and let's play some cards.
scene_heading: AT TABLE - LATER
text: The group lesson has begun.
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: A hundred bucks to me...
dialog: (mulling it
dialog: over)
dialog: Ah, what the hell. Pocket
dialog: change. Call.
text: Rusty leans into Topher's ear, whispering:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 10.
speaker_heading: A13 CONTINUED: A13
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Why you bet a certain way is your
dialog: business. But you have to make
dialog: them think you're betting for a
dialog: reason. Understand?
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
dialog: To another player:
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Seth. You know what you have.
dialog: Looking at them doesn't change
dialog: them. Leave 'em where they are
dialog: and make your bet.
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
dialog: To another player:
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: You're showing. Yeah, I know she's
dialog: your girlfriend, Barry, but you
dialog: can't... Thank you.
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
dialog: To another:
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Josh. Deal to your left.
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
text: A WAITRESS enters from the club, and DANCE MUSIC with
text: her. As she distributes a fresh round:
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: One McCallum neat. And four
text: bottled waters.
text: Rusty takes in the sight -- bottled fucking water on a
dialog: poker table.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: (triumphantly)
text: Two pair -- nines and twos.
text: Rusty checks his hand: a full-house full of face cards.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 11.
speaker_heading: A13 CONTINUED: (2) A13
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (folding)
dialog: You got me.
text: (as Seth rakes in
dialog: his winnings)
dialog: Let's take a little break.
speaker_heading: 13 OMITTED 13
scene_heading: A14 INT. HOLLYWOOD CLUB (DEEP) - NIGHT A14
text: At the bar, Rusty orders a double. He needs it.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (shouting over music)
dialog: How's the game going?!!
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: It's been the longest hour of
dialog: my life.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (at the same volume)
dialog: I'm running away with your wife.
text: The Bartender, not able to hear him, smiles and flashes
text: a thumbs-up before moving away.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Cool, man!
text: Behind the bar two go-go dancers writhe behind red-light-
text: district windows, and Rusty catches his own fatigued
text: expression in their reflection. Then, out the corner
text: of his eye, he catches sight of a man passing through
text: the pulsating crowd. Someone familiar to him. He
text: follows.
speaker_heading: 14 OMITTED 14
scene_heading: A15 INT. HOLLYWOOD CLUB (DEEP) - BACK ROOM A15
text: Rusty returns.
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: Hey, Rusty, we got another player,
dialog: if that's alright.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12.
speaker_heading: A15 CONTINUED: A15
text: Topher indicates the new arrival: Danny. Rusty looks
text: as if there's a bad smell in the room.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The bouncer mentioned there was
dialog: a game in progress. I hope I'm
text: not intruding.
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: No intrusion at all --
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: What was his name, the bouncer's?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don't remember.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
text: A card player with amnesia. This
dialog: should be fun.
scene_heading: AT TABLE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rusty deals the next hand.
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: What do you do for a living,
dialog: Mr. Ocean? If you don't mind
dialog: my asking.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Why should I mind? Two cards,
dialog: please...
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: I just got out of prison.
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: Really?
dialog: (a glance among the
dialog: other players)
dialog: Really...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (half to divert
dialog: attention)
dialog: Barry, you're showing again.
speaker_heading: BARRY (O.S.)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12A.
speaker_heading: A15 CONTINUED: (2) A15
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: What'd you, uh, go to prison for?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I stole things.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: What, like jewels? Diamonds?
dialog: A beat, then:
speaker_heading: RUSTY
text: Incan matrimonial headmasks.
text: Looks are exchanged. Everyone digests that.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: From a museum?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Gallery.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: There a lot of money in those?
dialog: Incan matrimonial...
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: Headmasks. Some.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Don't let him fool you, Seth.
dialog: There's boatloads. If you can
dialog: move the things...
dialog: (finishing his deal)
dialog: One card to me.
dialog: (to Danny, pointedly)
dialog: ... but you can't.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: My fence seemed confident enough.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: If you're dealing with cash, you
dialog: don't need a fence.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Some people just lack vision.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Probably everybody in cell block E.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12B.
speaker_heading: A15 CONTINUED: (3) A15
dialog: Now the other players realize. These guys have a
dialog: relationship. In fact, a criminal one. And, judging
text: from their steely glares across the table, not a happy
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Well, that's all behind us now.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I should hope so.
text: Danny smiles, icily -- of course, it's not -- then pulls
text: out his wallet.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I raise you five hundred dollars.
text: A hush in the room. Danny has thrown down the gauntlet.
text: He and Rusty hold each other's stares.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Guys: Day One: what's the first
dialog: rule of poker?
speaker_heading: BARRY TOPHER
dialog: Um, never bet on, uh, on 'Leave emotion at the
dialog: a -- door.'
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: That's right. My friend here just
dialog: raised me out of pique.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Today's lesson. How to draw out
text: a bluff. This early in the game,
dialog: that much money, I'm thinking he's
dialog: holding nothing better than a pair
dialog: of face cards.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Seth, raise him.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Okay. Uh, your five hundred and...
dialog: another two?
text: Rusty nods, and Seth pushes in his chips.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Tophe...
speaker_heading: TOPHER
dialog: Seven to me. Plus three. What
dialog: the hell.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12C.
speaker_heading: A15 CONTINUED: (4) A15
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Indeed. But be careful you don't
dialog: push him too high too fast. Want
dialog: to keep him on the leash. I call.
text: It's Josh's turn. He hesitates...
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: What's that to me? A thousand?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: All you have to do is call.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (off Josh's further
dialog: hesitation)
dialog: What? Your girlfriend holding
dialog: your purse?
text: That does it. Josh is in. The bet's to Danny. He
text: checks his hand, and Seth starts to whisper to Topher.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Contrary to what Mr. Ryan may say,
dialog: Seth, I always check my cards
dialog: before I make a bet. But be
dialog: cafeful. I could tell from your
dialog: face you're holding three of a
dialog: kind or better.
dialog: (digging his wallet
dialog: out)
dialog: Five hundred to call. And two
dialog: grand more.
text: Danny stares Rusty down. The others look a little pale.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Guys, you're free to do what you
dialog: like. It's a lot of money. But
dialog: I'm staying in. He's trying to
text: buy his way out of his bluff.
text: Nobody looks too eager to call, but nobody wants to
text: leave a grand on the table, either. Finally, Seth
text: ponies up, and the others -- not be outdone -- do, too.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: We call.
text: Danny sets down his hand. Four nines. It's a winner.
text: The others, jaws dropped, throw in their cards. For the
text: first time tonight, Rusty blanches.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12D.
speaker_heading: A15 CONTINUED: (5) A15
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Shit. Sorry, guys. I -- I was
dialog: sure he was bluffing.
text: As Rusty plummets in the estimation of all the guys
text: around him, Danny rakes in his pot.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Thanks for the game, fellas.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hey, I hate to ask this, but
dialog: could you sign something for me?
dialog: It's for the guys in the joint.
dialog: They just love all your shows.
speaker_heading: 15 OMITTED 15
scene_heading: A16 EXT. HOLLYWOOD CLUB (DEEP) - NIGHT A16
text: A queue of clubgoers erupt in a frenzy as Topher and
text: company exit, and they begin signing autographs. Danny
text: and Rusty exit, too, but of course nobody gives a shit
dialog: about them.
scene_heading: 16 INT. RUSTY'S FALCON - MOVING - NIGHT 16
text: Danny and Rusty ride silently, staring out opposite
text: windows at Sunset Boulevard.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: That was, that was just...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Unprofessional.
text: Rusty agrees.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: How was the clink? You get the
dialog: cookies I sent you?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Why do you think I came to see you
dialog: first?
text: Danny pulls out a wad of bills from his jacket, peels off
text: half, and hands it to Rusty.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Ten grand. Half of it's yours.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 12E.
speaker_heading: 16 CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: You barge into my new workplace,
dialog: ruin my professional reputation,
dialog: least you could do is tell me
dialog: you've got something better for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I've got something better for
dialog: you.
scene_heading: 17 INT. CANTER'S DELI - NIGHT 17
text: They're sitting in a booth over coffee.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: How's Tess?
dialog: Danny stares at him: next subject, please.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Alright. Tell me.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's tricky. No one's ever done
dialog: it before. Needs planning, a
text: large crew.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Guns?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Not loaded ones. It has to be
dialog: very precise. There's a lot of
dialog: security. But the take...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: What's the target?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Eight figures each.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: What's. The. Target.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (deep breath, then)
dialog: When's the last time you were in
dialog: Vegas?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: What? You wanna knock over a
dialog: casino?
text: Danny puts down his coffee. And shakes his head. And
text: lifts three fingers: three casinos. Rusty must put down
dialog: his coffee, too.
scene_heading: 18 EXT. DOWNTOWN L.A. - NIGHT 18
text: It's after hours downtown. Dark, empty, dead...
scene_heading: 19 INT. LIBRARY TOWER - 40TH FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT 19
text: Lights out on the 40th. Engraved brass announces: J.A.
scene_heading: KUEHN &amp; ASSOCIATES, ARCHITECTS.
text: Two flashlight beams strafe wood-paneled, elegant
text: offices: Danny and Rusty on late-night reconnaissance.
text: As Danny prowls a cabinet full of blueprints, Rusty
text: passes the time switching papers from a desk's in box to
dialog: its out box.
text: At last, Danny finds the right set of blueprints and
text: drapes it across the desk; we, however, never see it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: The vault at the Bellagio.
text: A beat as Rusty scans the document, then another
text: underneath it.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: If I'm reading these right -- and
dialog: I think that I am -- this is
dialog: probably the least accessible
dialog: vault ever designed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oops. Actually, you know what,
dialog: I'm wrong. It's definitely the
dialog: least accessible vault ever
dialog: designed.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yep.
text: Rusty's brow furrows just a little.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 14.
scene_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: You said three casinos...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (flips to next
dialog: blueprint)
text: These feed into the cages at both
text: the Mirage and the M.G.M. Grand.
dialog: (tapping vault)
dialog: But every dime ends up here.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: The Bellagio, Mirage, and... These
dialog: are Terry Benedict's places.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes, they are. Think he'll mind?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: More than somewhat.
scene_heading: 20 AT 40TH FLOOR ELEVATOR BAY 20
text: No ding. The elevator just arrives. Its doors part to
text: reveal a SECURITY GUARD within, here to make his tour; a
text: large fellow, he has to duck to exit.
scene_heading: 21 BACK WITH DANNY AND RUSTY 21
text: As Danny rolls up the set of blueprints, Rusty considers
dialog: the plan (which, in our absence, Danny has pitched him).
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: You'd need at least a dozen guys,
dialog: doing a combination of cons.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Like what, you think?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Well, off the top of my head, I'd
dialog: say you're looking at a Boesky, a
dialog: Jim Brown, a Miss Daisy, two
dialog: Jethros, and a Leon Spinks. Oh,
dialog: and the biggest Ella Fitzgerald
dialog: ever.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where do you think you're gonna get
dialog: the money to back this?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 15.
scene_heading: 21 CONTINUED: 21
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: As long as we're hitting these
dialog: three casinos, we'll get our
dialog: bankroll. Terry Benedict has a
dialog: list of enemies.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: But does he have enemies with
dialog: loose cash and nothing to lose...
dialog: (smiles, realizing)
dialog: Aha.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (smiles, too)
dialog: Aha.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Reuben.
scene_heading: 22 MOVING WITH SECURITY GUARD 22
text: as he approaches Danny's and Rusty's voices...
scene_heading: 23 BACK WITH DANNY AND RUSTY 23
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: So, here's what I think: You
dialog: should take this plan, kick it
dialog: around for a week or two. Sleep
dialog: on it. Turn it over in your head.
dialog: Then: never bring it up to me
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Uh-huh. So what are you saying?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I'm saying: this is like trying
dialog: to build a house of cards on the
text: deck of a speeding boat.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Really? I thought it was much
dialog: harder than that --
text: Suddenly the Security Guard's flashlight beam hits them
text: square in the eyes. Danny and Rusty put their hands up
dialog: to block the light.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Jesus, Oscar, lower it a little,
dialog: will ya?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 16.
speaker_heading: 23 CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (lowers beam)
dialog: You two done up here? Find what
dialog: you wanted?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, thanks. You mind if we
dialog: borrow a couple drawings for the
dialog: night? Make some copies.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Whatever you need.
text: Danny withdraws his money clip, peels off a couple
text: hundreds, and buries them in the Security Guard's hand.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: 'Preciate it.
scene_heading: 24 AT 40TH FLOOR ELEVATOR BAY 24
text: Danny and Rusty wait for an elevator. When its doors
text: open, Rusty stops Danny from boarding.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I need a reason. And don't say
dialog: money.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why do this?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Why not do it?
text: Rusty stares at him: enough bullshitting around.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Because yesterday I walked out of
dialog: the joint wearing my entire
dialog: wardrobe and you're colddecking
dialog: TeenBeat coverboys.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Because the house always wins.
dialog: You play long enough, never
dialog: changing stakes, the house takes
dialog: you. Unless, when that special
dialog: hand comes around, you bet big.
dialog: And then you take the house.
text: A beat. Rusty smiles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 24 CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: You're been practicing that
dialog: speech, haven't you?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: A little. Did I rush it? It felt
dialog: like I rushed it.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: No, it was good.
text: They step aboard the elevator. As the door closes:
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I wonder what Reuben will say?
text: Danny and Rusty look at each other.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF (V.O.)
dialog: You're out of your goddamn minds.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. TISHKOFF'S OPULENT BACK YARD (LAS VEGAS) - DAY 25
text: REUBEN TISHKOFF, the grimace of a man in mid-movement,
text: forever cemented on his face, scrutinizes his two lunch
text: guests (Danny and Rusty) at his poolside.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Are you listening to me? You are,
dialog: both of you, nuts. I know more
dialog: about casino security than any man
dialog: alive. I invented it, and it
dialog: cannot be beaten. They got
dialog: cameras, they got watchers, they
dialog: got locks, they got timers, they
dialog: got vaults. They got enough armed
dialog: personnel to occupy Paris. Okay,
dialog: bad example...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's never been tried.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Oh, it's been tried. A few guys
dialog: even came close. You know the
dialog: three most successful robberies in
dialog: Vegas history?
scene_heading: 26 FLASHBACK - INT. SANDS CASINO FLOOR (1965) 26
text: An Adlai Stevenson-lookalike approaches a lockbox carrier
text: from behind and snatches the box.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 26 CONTINUED: 26
text: He takes almost three steps before five security men leap
text: at him and -- FREEZE FRAME on his wide-eyed expression of
dialog: horror...
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF (V.O.)
text: Number three. The bronze medal.
text: Pencilneck grabs a lockbox at the
text: Sands. He got two steps closer to
dialog: the door than any living soul
text: before him.
dialog: RESUME ACTION: Adlai Stevenson gets a taste of what NFL
dialog: quarterbacks experience every Sunday... five fold.
scene_heading: 27 INT. FLAMINGO CASINO FLOOR (1971) 27
text: A hippie races toward the electronic sliding doors,
text: clutching a tray full of chips, and as the doors begin to
text: part for him -- FREEZE FRAME: A billy club appears out
dialog: of nowhere...
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF (V.O.)
dialog: Second most successful robbery.
dialog: The Flamingo '71. This guy
dialog: actually smelled fresh oxygen
dialog: before they got him.
text: RESUME ACTION: The billy club comes down -- whap! --
text: across the hippie's skull and it's Chicago '68 all over
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF (V.O.)
dialog: Course, he was breathing out of a
dialog: hose the next three weeks, goddamn
dialog: hippie.
scene_heading: 28 EXT. REUBEN TISHKOFF'S BACK YARD - DAY (PRESENT) 28
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: And the closest any man has gotten
dialog: to robbing a Las Vegas casino...
scene_heading: 29 FLASHBACK - EXT. CAESAR'S PALACE ENTRANCE (1987) 29
text: Tourists and valets scatter as a Euro-thief (pastel
text: T-shirt beneath a white linen suit) bursts from the
text: casino and takes five steps before -- FREEZE FRAME:
text: GLASS EXPLODES from three different doors behind him and
text: he arches his back in agony...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: 29 CONTINUED: 29
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Outside of Caesar's in '87. He
dialog: came, he grabbed, he got
dialog: conquered.
text: RESUME ACTION: BULLETS rip the man to shreds and he
text: collapses on Caesar's steps a bloody pulp.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. REUBEN TISHKOFF'S BACK YARD - DAY (PRESENT) 30
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: But what am I saying? You guys
dialog: are pros, the best. I'm sure you
dialog: can make it out of the casino. Of
dialog: course, lest we forget, once
dialog: you're out the front door, you're
dialog: still in the middle of the fucking
dialog: desert!
text: Both Danny and Rusty look chastened.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: You're right.
dialog: (to Danny)
dialog: He's right.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Reuben, you're right. Our eyes
dialog: are bigger than our stomachs.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: That's exactly it. Pure ego.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Yeah yeah blah blah.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Thank you so much for setting us
dialog: straight. Sorry we bothered you.
text: They both rise to go.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Look, we all go way back. I owe
dialog: you from that thing with the guy
dialog: in the place, and I'll never
dialog: forget it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It was our pleasure.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I'd never been to Belize.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Give Dominic your addresses, I got
dialog: some remaindered furniture I wanna
dialog: send you.
text: Danny and Rusty begin to circle the pool to leave.
text: Tishkoff, of course, won't let them go that easily.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Just out of curiosity, which
dialog: casinos did you geniuses pick to
dialog: rob?
text: Danny stops, almost as if he's been waiting for this
dialog: question, which of course he has.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The Bellagio, Mirage, and the
dialog: M.G.M. Grand.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: (nostrils flared,
dialog: smelling a rat)
dialog: Those are Terry Benedict's
dialog: casinos.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Say, you know, he's right.
text: Tishkoff waves them back, sipping on his umbrellaed
dialog: cocktail.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: You guys... Whadda you got against
dialog: Terry Benedict?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What do you have against him?
dialog: That's the real question.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: He torpedoed my casino, muscled me
dialog: out, now he's gonna blow it up
dialog: next month to make way for another
dialog: fuckin' eyesore. Don't think I
dialog: don't see what you're doin'.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: What are we doing, Reuben?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 21.
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: (2) 30
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: You gonna steal from Terry
dialog: Benedict, you better goddamn know.
dialog: This sorta thing used to be
dialog: civilized. You'd hit a guy, he'd
dialog: whack you. Done. But Benedict...
dialog: (bristles)
dialog: At the end of this he better not
dialog: know you're involved, not know
dialog: your names, or think you're dead.
dialog: Because he'll kill you, and then
dialog: he'll go to work on you.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That's why we've got to be very
dialog: careful. We have to be precise.
dialog: We have to be well-funded.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Yeah, you gotta be nuts, too. And
dialog: you're gonna need a crew as nuts
dialog: as you are.
dialog: (pregnant silence)
dialog: Who do you have in mind?
text: Danny and Rusty both smile; they've hooked their fish.
dialog: And so it begins...
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: Alright. Who's in?
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
text: Frank C. is in.
scene_heading: 31 INT. CASINO OFFICE (ATLANTIC CITY) 31
text: Frank Catton coughs mightily into a handkerchief. Across
text: a desk, his boss fills out paperwork.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Frank C. has developed a bad case
dialog: of bronchitis and is putting in
dialog: for a transfer to warmer climates.
scene_heading: 32 EXT. LAS VEGAS AIRPORT - DAY 32
text: Frank carries his bag toward the taxi bay. He stops to
text: light a cigarette, inhales with deep satisfaction before
text: a banner: "WELCOME TO LAS VEGAS."
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: What about drivers?
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 22.
scene_heading: 33 EXT. VACANT, WEEDY DRAG RACETRACK - DAY 33
text: CLOSE ON a souped-up tractor-wheeled monster truck, its
text: ENGINE ROARING before a starting line, itching to cross
dialog: it. Now take a step back...
text: That souped-up monster truck stands a foot-and-a-half off
text: the ground and sprouts an antenna from its back bumper.
text: It's a remote-controlled toy.
text: The ROARING ENGINE comes from the vehicle next to it: an
text: actual monster truck. Both vehicles peer down the track
text: at a finish line a hundred yards away. This is a race.
text: The drivers stare each other down: TURK (behind the
text: wheel of the truck) and VIRGIL (track-side, remote
dialog: control in hand) MALLOY. They're nice boys. Really.
dialog: Peckerwoods, sure, but nice.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: I talked to the Malloys yesterday.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: The Mormon twins?
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: They're both in Salt Lake City,
dialog: six months off the job. I got the
dialog: sense they're having trouble
dialog: filling the hours.
text: Lights flash red-to-yellow-to-green and while the TRUCK
text: COATS RUBBER on the track, Virgil's toy zips to a lead.
dialog: It's looking to be an embarrassment for Turk until he
text: jerks his wheel a little and -- ka-thunk -- flattens his
dialog: brother's vehicle.
text: Virgil pouts as he plucks up the wreckage of his entry.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Electronics?
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: Livingston Dell.
scene_heading: 34 INT. SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY 34
text: On a black and white monitor: Two mobsters, on a meet in
text: a public park, peer over their shoulders, making certain
text: no one is watching them. Little do they know...
text: ... LIVINGSTON DELL, audio-visual junkie, and victim of a
text: continual flop sweat, crouches before their image,
text: masterfully controlling his surveillance camera with a
text: joystick in his left hand. He is flanked by FBI MEN.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 23.
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: 34
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: Livingston's been doing freelance
dialog: surveillance work of late for the
dialog: F.B.I. Mob Squad.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: How are his nerves?
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Not so bad you'd notice.
text: As a FBI Man reaches to adjust a monitor...
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: D-don't, don't-don't... touch... it.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #1
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Do you see me pulling the gun out
dialog: of your holster and firing it?
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #2
dialog: Hey, Radio Shack: relax.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. SANTA MONICA BOARDWALK - LATER 35
text: Livingston walks down the boardwalk. A rollerblader with a
text: dog on a leash approaches and Livingston gets caught
text: between the two. As he struggles to untangle himself from
dialog: the leash...
scene_heading: 36 INT. CAFE 36
text: With a view of Livingston on the boardwalk... Danny and
text: Rusty wait for him over espressos.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (next item on his
dialog: list)
dialog: Munitions.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Phil Turentine.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Dead.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 23A.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: 36
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No shit? On the job?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Sun cancer.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You send flowers?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Dated his wife a while.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (onto next candidate)
dialog: Basher...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 24.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: (2) 36
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: We may be too late.
scene_heading: 37 INT. BANK - CLOSE ON BASHER TARR - NIGHT 37
text: the explosives expert. A pair of goggles over his eyes
text: reflects a match being struck, then touched to a fuse.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: Sweet...
text: BANG! Wood shards and SPLINTERS of GLASS fly all around;
text: Basher merely ducks his head and whistles. As the dust
text: settles, three men move quickly past Basher and into
text: (what the settling fog now reveals to be) a dynamited
text: bank vault. ALARMS begin to sound: this is bad news.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: (to the rest of his
dialog: gang, his temper
dialog: flaring)
dialog: You know, you guys had one job to
dialog: do.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. BANK - ONE MINUTE LATER 38
text: The men exit through the front doors, their hands over
text: their heads, Basher trailing them. Policemen and SWAT
text: members encircle the group, weapons trained on them,
text: chock full of instructions.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. POLICE CAR - LATER 39
text: Basher sits in the rear, handcuffed behind his back, feet
text: on the pavement. An explosives COP kneels in front of
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 25.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: 39
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: And that's all you used during the
dialog: event? Nothing else?
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: Are you accusing me of booby-
dialog: trapping?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Well, how 'bout it?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
text: Booby traps aren't Mr. Tarr's style.
text: The Cop turns; standing behind him, stone-faced, is
text: Rusty, in a dark suit and shades.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Isn't that right, Basher?
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (flashing badge,
dialog: briefly)
dialog: Peck, A.T.F. Let me venture a
dialog: guess. A simple G4 mainliner,
text: double-coil, backwound, quick
text: fuse with a drag under 20 feet.
dialog: (off Cop's reaction)
dialog: That's our man. Tell me something
dialog: else. Have you checked him for
dialog: booby traps on his person? I mean
dialog: really checked, not just for
dialog: weapons...
text: The Cop looks bewildered. Rusty steps forward, yanks
text: Basher onto his feet, spins him around. He moves his
text: hands up and down Basher's legs, around his waist, under
text: his arms.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Will you go find Griggs and tell
dialog: him I need to see him?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 26.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: (2) 39
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Just go find him, will you?
dialog: (as Cop stalks off;
dialog: under his breath)
dialog: How fast can you put something
dialog: together with what I passed you?
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: Done. Thirty seconds all right?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: From when?
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: (as we hear something
text: SNAP from behind his
dialog: back)
dialog: Now.
scene_heading: 40 MOVING WITH RUSTY AND BASHER 40
text: They're hurrying; ahead of them is a wall of squad cars,
text: a police cordon, and a crowd of onlookers.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Ten seconds?
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: Not quite. Is Danny here?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
text: Around the corner.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: Be good working with professionals
dialog: again.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Okay: go.
text: And they both start running.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Everyone down! Get down! There's
dialog: a bomb in the...
text: And behind them the SQUAD CAR ERUPTS with a BANG! A
text: collective SCREAM rises from the crowd, everyone ducks,
text: cops hit the ground and cover their heads. Rusty and
text: Basher move briskly past them, dodging their splayed legs
text: like tires on an obstacle course. By the time the
text: Explosives Cop thinks to look around for Basher, they've
dialog: both disappeared.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 27.
speaker_heading: 41 OMITTED 41
scene_heading: 42 INT. UNDER BIG TOP - DAY 42
text: The Chinese National Circus, currently on tour in the
text: Western United States. Trapeze artists, gymnastic teams,
text: and trampoline daredevils fly, somersault, spin, and
text: swing through the air.
text: A full house applauds every feat. Danny and Rusty sit in
text: the bleachers, surrounded by parents and kids munching on
text: spindles of cotton candy. Tough guys in toyland.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: (in Chinese, then
dialog: English)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen: the amazing
dialog: Yen.
text: A funambulist (YEN) begins his high-wire act...
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: So he can walk on a rope.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: More than that.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So he can juggle. We need a
dialog: grease man, not an acrobat. Who
dialog: else is on the list?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: He is the list.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 28.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who else?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Watch.
text: Halfway across the wire, the funambulist sits. And very
text: slowly, but without hesitation, he contorts himself into
text: a ball, never losing his balance. Even Danny is
dialog: impressed.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: There's your grease man.
scene_heading: 43 EXT. SANTA MONICA PIER PARKING LOT - DAY 43
text: Danny and Rusty exit the circus tent, head for their car.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We need Saul.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: He won't come. He swore off the
dialog: game a year ago.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: He get religion?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Ulcers.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You can ask him.
text: Rusty stops, stares at Danny, sighs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: 43 CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I can ask.
scene_heading: 44 EXT. DOG TRACK/BETTING WINDOW (MIAMI, FLA) - DAY 44
text: SAUL BLOOM, 50s, befuddled, wearing a corduroy jacket
text: patched at the elbows and a duffer's hat, counts out
text: money through the window, lists his bets. He checks his
text: tickets, plunges them into his pants pocket, and moves
dialog: off...
scene_heading: 45 THROUGH TRACK LOBBY 45
text: Rusty appears in the f.g. behind a pillar, as dapper as
text: Saul is down-at-heel, watching him go. When Saul
text: disappears into the tunnel, he moves.
scene_heading: 46 IN INFIELD 46
text: Saul sits on one of the long, general admission steps
text: under the box seats. He produces an orange from his
text: pocket, starts to peel it. A pair of well-shined shoes
text: appears behind him. Saul senses their presence, but
text: doesn't turn around.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: I saw you in the paddock before
dialog: the second race, outside the men's
dialog: room, when I placed my bet. I saw
dialog: you before you even got up this
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: How ya been, Saul?
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Never better.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: What's with the orange?
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: My doctor says I need vitamins.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: So why don't you take vitamins?
text: For the first time, Saul cranes his neck and shoots a
text: look up at Rusty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: You come here to give me a
dialog: physical?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I got a box seat. Come on.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. BOX SEATS - LATER 47
text: A waiter serves coffee to Rusty and Saul.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I thought you drank bloody Mary's
text: at the track, Saul.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: A man shouldn't drink on the job.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (re: race)
dialog: Who we rooting for here?
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Number four.
text: There's the BELL; the electronic rabbit is released and
text: the dogs break out of the gate. From this point on
text: Saul's eyes never leave the race.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: You gonna ask me? Or should I
dialog: just say no and get it over with?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Saul, you're the best there is.
dialog: You're in Cooperstown. What do
dialog: you want?
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Nothin'. I got a duplex now, I
dialog: got wall-to-wall and a goldfish,
dialog: I'm seeing a nice lady, she works
text: the unmentionables counter at
dialog: Macy's. I've changed.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Guys like us don't change, Saul.
dialog: We stay sharp or we get sloppy,
dialog: but we don't change.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Quit connin' me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: 47
text: They watch the race.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: That your hound way in the back
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: SAUL
text: He breaks late. Everyone knows
dialog: this.
text: On the track: The dogs are now coming around the back
text: stretch, and the crowd on the bleachers rises, cheering.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: You gonna treat me like a grownup
dialog: at least? Tell me what the scam
dialog: is?
text: Under the noise: Rusty leans in and whispers in Saul's
text: ear. Saul's eyes widen, then glaze over as all around
text: him people are standing and shouting.
text: Rusty places an envelope in Saul's lap, then gets up and
text: walks out as, on the track, the #4 dog crosses the finish
text: line... last by several lengths.
text: Saul considers his options. In one hand: a fan of
text: losing tickets. In the other (courtesy of Rusty): a
dialog: ticket to Las Vegas.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: And Saul makes ten.
scene_heading: 48 INT. BAR - NIGHT 48
text: Danny and Rusty look weary from all this recruitment. A
text: nearby TV with the sound off plays a promo for an
dialog: upcoming Tyson fight.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Ten should do it, don't you think?
dialog: (as Rusty shrugs)
dialog: You think we need one more?
dialog: (as Rusty shrugs)
dialog: You think we need one more.
dialog: (as Rusty shrugs)
dialog: Okay. We'll get one more.
scene_heading: 49 INT. CROWDED SUBWAY CAR (CHICAGO) 49
dialog: Native Chicagoans demonstrate their indigenous sixth
text: sense -- L-car balance -- as the TRAIN bends and SHAKES
text: at a corner.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: 49
text: One passenger in particular keeps his footing, a young
text: man in a frayed jacket: LINUS.
text: Two overgroomed STOCKBROKERS stand with their backs to
text: the young man, yammering about high interest yields, and
dialog: consequently they don't notice (and neither do we, not at
text: first) that Linus is slowly picking one of their pockets.
text: The thievery is glacier-paced: Linus, his face always
text: forward and inscrutable, gingerly raises one tail of his
text: target's Brooks Brothers jacket and then, with
text: incomparable dexterity, unbuttons his wallet pocket with
text: a flick of his thumb and forefinger.
text: From halfway down the train car, nothing appears amiss,
text: and no passenger looks the wiser. Or so it seems...
text: A copy of the Chicago Sun-Times, opened and upheld,
text: lowers just enough to allow its reader a peek at Linus.
text: It is Danny, smirk on his lips: He (and he alone) is
text: aware of the ongoing heist.
text: Back to Linus, his spoils (a Gucci wallet) now in sight,
text: but he waits for just the right moment, and then, when
text: the train hits another curve...
text: ... he stumbles forward, his left hand finding support on
text: the Stockbroker's shoulder as his right relieves the man
text: of his wallet.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Sorry 'bout that.
speaker_heading: STOCKBROKER
dialog: No problem, guy.
text: The Stockbroker resumes his yacketing, oblivious, as
text: Linus tucks his prize into his own jacket pocket, face
text: betraying nothing. Only Danny appreciates the artistry
text: performed here today. He folds the Sun-Times under his
dialog: arm as...
scene_heading: 50 INT. UNION STATION - SUBWAY STATION 50
text: ... The SUBWAY SQUEALS to a stop. Linus jumps out,
text: leaving his prey aboard, and a few moments later, Danny
text: steps off, too.
scene_heading: 51 INT. UNION STATION - EVENING 51
text: The hurly-burly of rush hour in Union Station.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 33.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: 51
text: Commuters zig and zag, this way and that, all on furious
text: schedules, and Linus slips blithely through them, in no
dialog: hurry, a man who's pulled this job a thousand times
dialog: before.
text: He dodges and sidesteps crazed commuters, and except for
text: a brief brush with one well-dressed man (the Sun-Times
text: tucked under his arm), he escapes the station without
dialog: incident.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. UNION STATION - EVENING 52
text: Linus exits, casually reaching into his jacket to count
text: his winnings. And his face falls.
text: All he finds where the stolen wallet once resided is a
text: calling card. On one side, in engraved printing:
text: "DANIEL OCEAN." On the flip side, in handwriting: "Nice
dialog: pull. Murphy's Bar, Rush &amp; Division."
scene_heading: 53 INT. MURPHY'S BAR - FIVE MINUTES LATER 53
text: On a tabletop: the Gucci wallet beside a half-drunk
text: Guinness. Linus enters the front door, cases the joint,
text: spots the wallet on the table, and Danny behind it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hi, Linus. Sit down.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: A friend of Bobby Caldwell's. Sit
dialog: down.
text: Linus balks, prideful, but sense finds a way, and he
dialog: sits.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Bobby told me about you. Said you
dialog: were the best set of hands he ever
dialog: saw. Didn't expect to find you
text: working wallets on the subway.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: That wasn't work, that was
dialog: practice.
text: Danny reaches into his jacket and sets a plane ticket on
text: the table. He keeps his hand over it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You're either in or out, right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: A plane ticket. A job offer.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: You're pretty trusting pretty
dialog: fast.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Bobby has every faith in you.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Fathers are like that.
dialog: (off Danny's reaction)
dialog: He didn't tell you?
dialog: (as Danny shakes
dialog: his head)
dialog: He doesn't like me trading on his
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You do this job, he'll be trading
dialog: on yours.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: What if I say no?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We'll get someone else who won't
dialog: be quite as good. You can go back
dialog: to feeling up stockbrokers.
text: Linus considers. He looks down at the ticket, then at
dialog: the wallet. It's one or the other.
text: A waitress passes, and Danny signals her for his bill.
text: When his attention returns to Linus, the wallet
text: remains... but the ticket beneath his hand is gone.
text: Linus is reading it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That's the best lift I've seen you
dialog: make yet.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Las Vegas, huh?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 35.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: (2) 53
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: America's playground.
text: And our MAIN THEME KICKS IN as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 54 LAS VEGAS - AERIAL VIEW - ESTABLISHING - DUSK 54
text: The city looms out of the desert like an infernal
text: machine, lights flashing, skyline pulsing, a neon
dialog: fortress.
text: One thing in particular catches our eye: an enormous
text: billboard with an ad for the upcoming boxing match
text: between Mike Tyson and Lennox Lewis. Below it, a
text: promoter hands out fliers for strip joints and call
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: 55 OMITTED 55
scene_heading: 56 INT. REUBEN TISHKOFF'S MANSION (LAS VEGAS) - NIGHT 56
text: Frank Catton is already here, mixing a drink, when --
text: DING DONG -- the DOORBELL CHIMES. Tishkoff shuffles
text: toward the front (he's given the help the night off) and
text: opens his door to find...
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Trick or treat.
text: ... Livingston, Basher, Yen, the Malloys, Saul and Linus
text: crowding his doormat. A taxi-van pulls away behind them.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: What, you guys get a group rate or
dialog: something?
scene_heading: 57 INT. TISHKOFF'S LIVING ROOM - LATER 57
text: Along one wall, a buffet table has been set up, and while
text: Virgil and Turk pile shrimp onto plates, Saul pockets an
dialog: orange for later.
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: You make it out to Utah much,
dialog: Saul?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 36.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: (last man you'd see
dialog: in the Tabernacle)
dialog: Not as much as I'd like.
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: You should. You'd like it. You'd
dialog: like Provo.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: (scarfing a jumbo
dialog: shrimp)
dialog: Anybody see the salsa goes with
dialog: this?
text: At the wet bar, Basher mixes a drink for Livingston; on a
text: couch, Yen balances coffee-table ornaments into a
text: skyscraper, to Frank's astonishment. In a corner, off on
text: his own, Linus watches the company, his eyes narrowing,
dialog: wary. Until...
speaker_heading: DANNY (O.S.)
dialog: Gentlemen: welcome to Las Vegas.
text: Danny stands at the top of the stairs leading into the
text: room, flanked by Rusty and Tishkoff. He starts down...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Everybody eaten? Good. Everybody
dialog: sober? Close enough. Most of you
dialog: know each other already. You
dialog: probably haven't met Linus
dialog: Caldwell before, he's Bobby's kid
dialog: outta Chicago.
text: Linus trades nods around the room.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Okay. Before we start, nobody's
dialog: on the line here yet. What I'm
dialog: about to propose to you happens to
dialog: be both highly lucrative and
dialog: highly dangerous. If that doesn't
dialog: sound like your particular brand
dialog: of vodka, help yourself to as
dialog: much food as you like and safe
dialog: journey. No hard feelings.
dialog: (pauses, soberly)
dialog: Otherwise, come with me.
text: He turns and walks out of the living room, into another.
text: Rusty is close behind; he turns briefly, casts an eye
text: over the assembled and keeps going. The guys look each
text: other over, sizing things up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 37.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: (2) 57
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: What the hell.
text: And he follows, along with Frank and Livingston. Then
text: Virgil, Turk and Yen. Then Saul. That leaves Linus,
text: watching the line of men disappear. He turns to find
text: Tishkoff by his side, staring at him.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: You're Bobby Caldwell's kid, huh?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: From Chicago?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: It's nice there. You like it?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: That's wonderful. Get in the
dialog: goddamn room.
scene_heading: 58 INT. GAME ROOM 58
text: A tournament-level pool table holds center stage here.
text: Atop its green felt sits a raised, elaborate miniature of
dialog: Terry Benedict's Las Vegas: three casinos and hotels
text: with the Strip running between them.
text: As the eleven surround the table and the model...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Gentlemen: the 14000 block of Las
dialog: Vegas Boulevard. Otherwise known
dialog: as the Bellagio, the Mirage,
dialog: the M.G.M. Grand. Together,
dialog: they're the three most profitable
dialog: casinos in Las Vegas...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 38.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
text: Danny removes the Strip from the model. Revealed beneath
text: is a complex substructure, featuring three tunnels, each
text: leading from a casino to a single freight-sized elevator
text: shaft which descends into an enormous vault.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Gentlemen: the Bellagio vault.
text: Located below the Strip, beneath
text: two hundred feet of solid earth.
dialog: It safeguards every dime that
text: comes through each of the three
text: casinos above it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And we're going to rob it.
text: Everyone takes a breath, awed.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Smash-and-grab job, huh?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: It's a little more complicated
dialog: than that.
text: Danny picks up a remote control and flips on a panel of
dialog: Tvs.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Courtesy of Frank Catton, new
dialog: blackjack dealer at the Bellagio,
dialog: security tapes from the three
dialog: casinos.
text: On the monitors: three montages of black-and-white
text: security tapes, starting within the three casinos' cages,
text: moving into the tunnels, then (as the TVs unite in their
text: images) pushing into the elevator and eventually the
dialog: vault.
text: As the group's glances shoot back and forth from the TV
dialog: to the corresponding section of the model, i.e. from a
text: POV of the tunnel to the miniature tunnel itself...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: (2) 58
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Okay. Bad news first. This place
text: houses a security system which
text: rivals most nuclear missile silos.
dialog: First: we have to get within the
dialog: casino cages --
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (indicating)
dialog: -- here, here, and here --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: -- which anyone knows takes more
text: than a smile. Next: through
dialog: these doors, each of which
dialog: requires a different six-digit
dialog: code changed every twelve hours.
dialog: Past those lies the elevator, and
dialog: this is where it gets tricky: the
dialog: elevator won't move without
dialog: authorized fingerprint
dialog: identifications --
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: -- which we can't fake --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: -- and vocal confirmations from
dialog: both the security center within
dialog: the Bellagio and the vault below - -
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: -- which we won't get.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: Furthermore, the elevator shaft is
text: rigged with motion detectors --
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: -- meaning if we manually override
text: the lift, the shaft's exit will
dialog: lock down automatically and we'll
dialog: be trapped.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Once we've gotten down the shaft,
dialog: though, then it's a walk in the
text: park: just three more guards with
dialog: Uzis and predilections toward not
dialog: being robbed, and the most
text: elaborate vault door conceived by
dialog: man. Any questions?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 40.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: (3) 58
text: Silence. For a moment, each man keeps his two dozen
text: questions or more to himself. At last, one speaks up...
dialog: The Amazing Yen. In Cantonese. Of course, no one
text: understands him. Except Rusty.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (in response)
text: No. Tunneling is out. There are
dialog: Richter scales monitoring the
text: ground for one hundred yards in
dialog: every direction. If a groundhog
dialog: tried to nest there, they'd know
dialog: about it. Anyone else?
text: Another silence. Either the guys are too dumbfounded by
dialog: that bilingual exchange or too numbed by the task ahead
dialog: of them to speak.
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: You said something about good
dialog: news...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (smiles, happy
dialog: someone asked)
dialog: The Nevada Gaming Commission
dialog: stipulates: a casino must hold in
dialog: reserve enough cash to cover every
dialog: chip at play on its floor. As I
dialog: mentioned, this vault services
dialog: each of the three casinos above
dialog: it. That means: during the week,
dialog: by law, it must hold anywhere from
dialog: sixty to seventy million dollars
text: in cash and coin. On a weekend,
dialog: between eighty and ninety million.
dialog: On a fight night, like the one two
dialog: weeks from tonight, the night
dialog: we're going to rob it, at least a
dialog: hundred and fifty million. Without
text: breaking a sweat.
dialog: (gazing about room)
dialog: Now there are eleven of us. Each
dialog: with an equal share. You do the
dialog: math.
text: MOVING AROUND the table ON ten faces, as everyone does
text: precisely that, in their heads, except for Virgil who
text: does it on his fingers. He whistles.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: That's what I said.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 41-43.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: (4) 58
text: Everyone seems suitably impressed by their share.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: I have a question.
dialog: (as Danny turns
dialog: to him)
dialog: Say we do get into the cage, and
text: through the security doors there,
dialog: and down the elevator we can't
text: move, and past the guards with
dialog: guns, and into the vault we can't
dialog: open...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
text: Without being seen by the cameras.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (off everyone's
dialog: astonishment)
dialog: Oh, right. Sorry. I forgot to
dialog: mention that.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Say we do all that. We're just
dialog: supposed to walk outta there with
dialog: a hundred million dollars in cash
dialog: on us without getting stopped?
text: Danny smiles, his broad, sure-of-himself grin, the one
dialog: Rusty couldn't deny earlier and these guys won't deny
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Saul looks panic-stricken; like that, his ulcer has
text: flared up, and he pops a Rolaid in his mouth.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Alright. Here's how we'll begin.
speaker_heading: 59 OMITTED 59
scene_heading: 60 INT. MGM GRAND CASINO - DAY 60
text: MOVING WITH a cash cart as security guards push it past
text: tourists, past cocktail waitresses, past Linus sitting at
text: a blackjack table.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: 60 CONTINUED: 60
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: First task: reconnaissance. I
dialog: want to know everything that's
text: going on in all three casinos.
dialog: From the rotation of the dealers
dialog: to the path of every cash cart...
scene_heading: 61 INT. BELLAGIO - BREAK ROOM - DAY 61
text: Two security TECHNICIANS on a smoke break grumble about
text: their sex lives. Across the room, Frank sits innocently
text: doing a crossword.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: I wanna know everything about
dialog: every guard, every watcher, anyone
dialog: with a security pass. I wanna
dialog: know where they're from, what
dialog: their nicknames are, how they take
dialog: their coffee...
speaker_heading: BETTER VIEW
text: REVEALS: On his crossword, Frank has scribbled a
text: transcript of the Technicians' conversation. As he
text: glances up at an electronic keycard clipped to one
dialog: Technician's belt...
scene_heading: 62 INT. MIRAGE CASINO - DAY 62
text: ... an identical keycard is swiped through a keypad, its
text: light flashing red to green, admitting a guard into an
dialog: "Employees Only" doorway.
dialog: The Malloys, who've shadowed the guard here, note a
text: sentry standing watch by the door as well as a security
text: camera embedded in the ceiling above: No one walks
text: through that portal unchecked.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Most of all, I want you guys to
dialog: know these casinos. They were
dialog: built as labyrinths, to keep
dialog: people in. I want you guys to
dialog: know the quick routes out.
text: Their job done, the Malloys start toward the casino's
text: exit... in different directions. They begin to argue:
dialog: The exit's that way -- no, it's that way.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. LAS VEGAS BOULEVARD - OUTSIDE THREE CASINOS - DAY 63
text: With two dozen other tourists, Basher crosses the street
text: and when he meets a manhole cover he stops and,
text: extracting a small metal hook from his jacket, removes it
text: from its perch, so casual about the action that no
text: passerby looks twice at him.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Second task: power. On the night
dialog: of the fight, we're gonna throw
dialog: the switch on sin city. Basher,
dialog: it's your show.
text: Basher drops into the hole, pulling the cover over him,
dialog: as we PULL UP OVER the Bellagio and...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 64 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 64
text: Dozens of monitors manned by dozens of watchers canvas
text: dozens of casino tables; only NASA's control rooms house
dialog: more technology.
text: Apart from the fray, another bank of monitors manned by
dialog: two watchers (let's call them, for no particular reason,
text: FAT and SLIM) oversee a different section of the casino:
text: the cage, its tunnels, the elevator, and the vault it
dialog: leads to; everything, in fact, which our team saw in the
dialog: game room.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Third task: surveillance. Casino
text: security has an eye and ear on
dialog: everything, so we'll want an eye
dialog: and ear on them. Livingston...
scene_heading: 65 INT. BELLAGIO - LIVINGSTON'S ROOM - CLOSE ON SET OF 65
scene_heading: SCHEMATICS OF BELLAGIO - NIGHT
text: A page of the set Danny and Rusty "borrowed" from Kuehn &amp;
text: Associates. Danny and Livingston study it.
speaker_heading: WIDER
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Well, it's not the least
dialog: accessible system I've seen, but
dialog: it's close. I don't suppose they
dialog: have a closed-circuit feed I could
dialog: tap into?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: 65 CONTINUED: 65
text: Danny shakes his head: no such luck.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Then this is definitely a black
dialog: bag job. Do they employ an in-
dialog: house technician?
text: Danny looks to Rusty who, behind them, tampers with
text: Livingston's audio-video setup: several portable
text: monitors, a laptop and modem, telephone headset, etc.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
text: Two. And one of them is lonely.
text: DANCE MUSIC overwhelms the SOUNDTRACK...
scene_heading: 66 INT. OLYMPIC GARDENS STRIP CLUB - NIGHT 66
text: ... as we join a lap dance already in progress. A
text: security Technician (one of the two Frank eavesdropped on
text: in the break room) shells out twenty bucks every three
text: minutes for a DANCER to grind her pelvis against his
dialog: chest...
text: ... and while the Technician grins not-very-soberly and
text: ogles her perfect breasts and paws at her midriff, the
text: Dancer secretly removes the keycard from his belt.
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: I'll be right back, honey. Don't
dialog: move a muscle.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (drunk and in
dialog: love)
text: Depends on the muscle.
text: She pouts, flirtingly, as she does for every idiot who
text: drops a line like that, then makes her way to...
scene_heading: 67 EXT. OLYMPIC GARDENS STRIP CLUB - NIGHT 67
text: ... where Rusty waits for her, and when she slips him the
text: keycard, he slips her a c-note.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Thanks, Charmaine. I'll have it
text: back within the hour.
dialog: (as he goes)
dialog: Say hello to your mom for me.
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: Say it yourself. She'll be
text: onstage in five minutes.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: 68 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - NIGHT 68
text: FOLLOWING a bunch of balloons -- all congratulating
text: "Happy Anniversary!" -- as a delivery boy carries them
text: through the casino, and just as he's passing an
text: "Employees Only" door (complete with sentry and embedded
dialog: ceiling camera)...
text: ... he bumps into a TOURIST, and the balloons drift out
text: of his hand and into the camera...
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: Hey, watch it, bud...
scene_heading: 69 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 69
text: As the balloons fill the frame of one monitor...
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: 433, we have visual impairment on
text: the east door camera.
scene_heading: 70 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - BY CAGE DOOR - NIGHT 70
text: The SENTRY (#433) hears this and spots the balloons
text: covering the embedded camera and approaches the delivery
dialog: boy (who by freak accident happens to be Virgil
dialog: Malloy)...
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Excuse me, sir: You're going to
dialog: have to move your balloons.
text: ... but Virgil's too busy picking a fight with the
text: Tourist (surprise, surprise: Turk Malloy) to listen.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Who you calling 'bud,' pal?
speaker_heading: TURK (TOURIST)
dialog: Who you calling 'pal,' friend?
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Who you calling 'friend'...
dialog: (can't think of
dialog: another)
dialog: ... bud...
text: And with the Sentry out of position...
text: ... Livingston (dressed now in a technician's uniform,
dialog: don't worry about how he got it) goes quickly to the door
text: and swipes the newly-acquired keycard and when it flashes
text: red-to-green, he enters...
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 48.
scene_heading: 71 INT. CAGE - HALLWAY 71
text: He's in. Livingston takes a moment, his brow perspiring
text: (he's in the lions' den now), then checks his palm:
text: drawn there in ballpoint is a diagram of the cage
dialog: corridors.
scene_heading: 72 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY - ON 72
scene_heading: MONITOR NEXT TO BALLOON-CLOUDED ONE
text: Livingston appears and, as nonchalantly as he can, he
text: ambles down a hallway, then another, until he reaches...
scene_heading: 73 INT. CAGE - HALLWAY 73
text: ... an unmarked door next to the entrance to the security
text: center. Livingston swipes his keycard to enter...
scene_heading: 74 INT. CIRCUITRY ROOM 74
text: A giant walk-in closet/switchboard full of wires, plugs,
dialog: lights, etc. Livingston goes to work:
scene_heading: FLURRY OF SHOTS
text: He splices into all sorts of wires and lines and cables.
dialog: Meanwhile...
scene_heading: 75 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - BY CAGE DOOR - NIGHT 75
text: ... Virgil and Turk argue, nose-to-nose, "accidentally"
text: blocking the Sentry from the balloons...
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: You hear about this new medical
dialog: discovery they made? It's called
dialog: a 'sense of direction.'
dialog: Apparently we're all supposed to
dialog: have one...
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: Yeah yeah yeah, whatever, balloon
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Gentlemen, gentlemen...
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: 76 INT. CIRCUITRY ROOM 76
text: Livingston's work here is almost done: he clips a small
dialog: mechanism (known in his industry as a "spider" -- it's
text: small, black, antenna-less and hides in dark places) to a
text: main conduit, then verifies a tiny receiver he holds is
text: picking up the spider's feed.
text: One last click into place...
scene_heading: 77 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 77
text: ... causes a brief, unnoticed blip on Slim's monitors...
scene_heading: 78 INT. BELLAGIO - LIVINGSTON'S ROOM - NIGHT 78
text: ... and transmits all the views of the cages onto the
text: monitors upstairs. Danny and Rusty witness their
dialog: appearance.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Why do they paint hallways that
dialog: color?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: They say taupe is very soothing.
scene_heading: 79 INT. CAGE - HALLWAY 79
text: Livingston steps outside. His job done, he exhales and
text: wipes the sweat from his brow and checks his palm for
dialog: directions and...
text: Whoops. His sweat just smeared the ballpoint. He's
text: flying blind. He looks left down a corridor, then right,
dialog: trying to remember which way he came from. No idea.
scene_heading: 80 INT. BELLAGIO - LIVINGSTON'S ROOM 80
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Uh-oh.
scene_heading: 81 INT. CAGE - HALLWAY 81
text: MOVING WITH Livingston as he tries to find his way out.
text: He takes a left...
dialog: Whoops again: here comes Fat, dead ahead. Livingston
text: has no recourse but to march right by him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 81 CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: FAT
dialog: Hiya.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Fine, thanks.
text: Livingston continues on, and maybe for a second he thinks
text: he's in the clear, especially when he sees the exit
text: looming ahead, but then Fat turns behind him and hails
dialog: him back...
speaker_heading: FAT
dialog: Hey...
scene_heading: 82 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - BY CAGE DOOR - NIGHT 82
text: At last, the Sentry outmaneuvers Virgil and Turk and
text: grabs the balloons himself. Virgil quickly snatches them
dialog: back...
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Hey... get your own balloons.
scene_heading: 83 INT. CAGE - HALLWAY 83
text: Livingston approaches the exit's keypad and swipes his
text: keycard: the light does not flash red-to-green.
speaker_heading: FAT
dialog: (on his tail)
dialog: Hey...
text: Livingston looks: he swiped the wrong side of his
text: keycard. He tries again. Red flashes to green. He
text: pulls the door...
text: ... but Fat blocks it. Livingston peers up, certain he's
dialog: had it.
scene_heading: 84 INT. BELLAGIO - LIVINGSTON'S ROOM 84
text: Danny and Rusty simultaneously lean forward.
scene_heading: 85 INT. CAGE - HALLWAY 85
speaker_heading: FAT
dialog: You dropped this.
text: Fat holds out Livingston's receiver and drops it in his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 51.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: And he's out.
scene_heading: 86 INT. BELLAGIO - LIVINGSTON'S SUITE - NIGHT 86
text: Danny and Rusty exhale.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Fourth task: construction...
scene_heading: 87 INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY 87
text: The gang hauls building materials -- lumber, tools,
dialog: paint, etc. -- and Yen hauls three times his share,
text: carrying objects on his head/shoulders/arms, a circus
text: act in a hardware store.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: We need to build an exact, working
text: replica of the Bellagio vault.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: For practice.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Something like that.
text: As Linus hauls in materials, Danny takes him aside.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Fifth task: intelligence. We
dialog: need those codes, Linus. From the
dialog: only man who has all three.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Benedict.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Learn to love his shadow.
dialog: (back to the team)
dialog: Sixth task: transport...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 52.
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: (young and eager)
dialog: Wait, wait, wait. All I get to do
dialog: is watch him?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: For now. You gotta walk before
dialog: you crawl.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (to Linus, correcting Danny)
dialog: Reverse that.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (toward the Malloys)
dialog: Sixth task: transport...
scene_heading: 88 EXT. BILLY TIM'S VAN AND TRUCK DEALERSHIP - OFFICE - DAY 88
text: Outside a window: Turk and Virgil jump up and down on
text: opposite bumpers of a van, testing its durability.
text: Inside, Frank negotiates with BILLY TIM, a Cal-
text: Worthingtonesque redneck car dealer, who half-pays
text: attention to him, half-frets over the Malloys outside.
speaker_heading: BILLY TIM
dialog: I'm sorry: eighteen-five each is
dialog: the best offer I can make you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (playing a bit of
dialog: a dandy)
dialog: Oh, I understand perfectly. They
dialog: are beautiful vans. Well, I thank
dialog: you for your time, Mister...?
speaker_heading: BILLY TIM
dialog: Denham. Billy Tim Denham.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes, Denham, like a jean.
dialog: (they shake)
dialog: You know: you have lovely hands
dialog: -- do you moisturize?
speaker_heading: BILLY TIM
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 53.
speaker_heading: 88 CONTINUED: 88
text: Frank's not letting go of the man's hand, the object now
dialog: is to force Billy Tim into lowering his price just to get
text: Frank out of his office.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I swear by it. I try all sorts of
dialog: lotions. I went through a
dialog: fragrance-free period last year,
dialog: but now I'm liking this new brand
dialog: fortified with rose hip. My
dialog: sister, you know, she uses the
dialog: aloe vera with the sun screen
dialog: built in...
speaker_heading: BILLY TIM
dialog: (just can't get
dialog: his hand back)
dialog: Uh-huh. You said you'd be willing
dialog: to pay in cash?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I did. You know: they say
dialog: cinnamon is wonderful for your
dialog: pores. Read that on the internet.
dialog: And that ideally you should be
dialog: wearing gloves to bed, but I find
dialog: that would interfere with my
dialog: social agenda. Problem is: I get
dialog: a reaction to camphor so I can't
dialog: use traditional remedies...
speaker_heading: BILLY TIM
dialog: If you could pay cash, I could
dialog: probably drop the price a little.
dialog: To, say, seventeen...
dialog: (as Frank squeezes
dialog: a little)
dialog: ... sixteen each.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: That would be lovely.
scene_heading: 89 INT. WAREHOUSE - BACK TO DANNY - DAY 89
dialog: overseeing the construction, reviewing his list of tasks
text: on his fingers, suspecting he's missed one.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ... Power, surveillance,
dialog: transport...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: 89 CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Anything I can do?
text: Danny's eyes flash from Tishkoff to Saul, behind him,
text: dressed in his usual frumpy attire: that's what he
dialog: missed.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Get your wallet.
scene_heading: 90 INT. HABERDASHERY 90
text: A tailor fits Saul for the finest suits Tishkoff's money
text: can buy. As Saul smoothes out a coat sleeve...
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: This is nice material.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's Armani, Saul.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: It's very nice.
text: Saul's not fooling anyone: he's scared, right down to
text: his Florsheims. Danny nods to the tailor: "Give us a
dialog: moment."
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Saul, you sure you're ready to do
dialog: this?
text: Saul turns away, and when he faces Danny again, his
text: entire aspect has changed: His features stone, his eyes
dialog: icicles.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: If you ever question me again,
dialog: Daniel, you won't wake up the
dialog: following morning.
text: They exchange a long, fierce glance; Saul's eyes never
dialog: waver.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You're ready.
text: Danny signals Tishkoff: let's pay, and Saul immediately
text: slumps into his old self. To a mirror, he practices...
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Hello. My name is Lyman Zerga...
dialog: (this time a little
dialog: deeper)
dialog: My name is Lyman Zerga...
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: 91 INT. LIMOUSINE - DAY 91
text: Saul's dressed completely (and immaculately) now in
text: Armani, with his hair slicked back, a brief moustache on
text: his lip, and impenetrably dark glasses riding the bridge
text: of his nose. He continues to practice, his accent even
dialog: deeper now and specifying no geographic origin -- could
dialog: be Scottish, could be Israeli...
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: My name is Lyman Zerga... My name
dialog: is Lyman Zerga...
text: Danny passes him an envelope full of $100 bills.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: There's a little over twenty grand
dialog: there, Saul. Try to make it last.
text: Saul pats down his pockets for something he can't find...
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: You seen my...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (handing him Rolaids)
dialog: Bought you a fresh roll.
text: The limo pulls to a stop, and outside there is a flurry
text: of FOOTSTEPS before Saul's door swings open, and Turk and
text: Virgil (both costumed as bodyguards) stand waiting for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Mr. Zerga, we're here.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Good luck, Lyman.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: (hesitates, then gets
dialog: out)
dialog: Luck is for losers.
scene_heading: 92 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - DAY 92
text: Saul, as Lyman Zerga, makes as low-profile an entrance
text: into the Bellagio as he can with bodyguards preceding and
text: trailing him. He approaches a V.I.P CONCIERGE...
scene_heading: V.I.P. CONCIERGE
dialog: Good afternoon, sir. How can I be
dialog: of service?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 56.
speaker_heading: 92 CONTINUED: 92
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: My name is Lyman Zerga. I'd like
dialog: a suite, please.
scene_heading: V.I.P. CONCIERGE
dialog: Do you have a reservation with us?
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: (long glare at him)
dialog: I don't make reservations.
text: A longer glance at Lyman's bodyguards tells the Concierge
text: this is not a man to be denied. As he jumps to it...
scene_heading: A93 INT. OUTSIDE RESTAURANT'S ENTRANCE - DAY A93
text: Outside a restaurant's entrance, Rusty and Linus sit
text: before two slot machines, idly dropping in quarters as
text: they watch Saul receive the royal treatment.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Okay. Tell me about Benedict.
speaker_heading: LINUS
text: The guy is a machine.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. BELLAGIO CASINO - DAY (SUPER SLOW MOTION) 93
text: TERRY BENEDICT emerges from a Town Car and, from his
text: haircut to his smile to his pant-cuffs, he is effortless
dialog: perfection. He is Vegas royalty, yet he denies eye
text: contact to no man. He strides into his casino and,
text: appearing behind a pillar, Linus follows him in.
speaker_heading: LINUS (V.O.)
text: He arrives at the Bellagio every
dialog: day at two p.m. Same Town Car,
dialog: same driver. Remembers every
text: valet's name on the way in. Not
dialog: bad for a guy worth three-quarters
dialog: of a billion.
scene_heading: 94 INT. BELLAGIO - ELEVATOR BAY (SUPER SLOW MOTION) 94
text: The doors open, and Terry Benedict steps out. Linus
text: watches from a craps table.
speaker_heading: LINUS (V.O.)
text: Offices are upstairs. He works
text: hard, hits the lobby floor at
text: seven on the nose.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 57.
scene_heading: 95 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - NIGHT (SUPER SLOW MOTION) 95
text: From a balcony, Benedict stands overlooking the casino
text: floor. His CASINO MANAGER approaches and they confer.
speaker_heading: LINUS (V.O.)
text: Spends three minutes on the floor
text: with his casino manager.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: What do they talk about?
speaker_heading: LINUS (V.O.)
dialog: All business. Benedict likes to
dialog: know what's going on in his
dialog: casinos. There's rarely an
dialog: incident he doesn't know about
dialog: or handle personally.
scene_heading: 96 INT. HIGH ROLLERS' ROOM (SUPER SLOW MOTION) 96
text: Benedict works the room. He speaks to a Japanese High
dialog: Roller in Japanese, to a Swiss in German, etc.
speaker_heading: LINUS (V.O.)
text: He spends a few minutes
text: gladhanding the high rollers.
dialog: He's fluent in Spanish, German and
dialog: Italian, and he's taking Japanese
dialog: lessons, getting pretty good at
dialog: it. He's out by seven-thirty,
text: when an assistant hands him a
dialog: black portfolio. Contents: the
dialog: day's take and new security codes.
text: Then he heads to the restaurant.
text: Indeed, as Benedict makes his exit, an assistant hands
text: him a black portfolio.
scene_heading: 97 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - OUTSIDE RESTAURANT 97
text: Rusty and Linus watch the entrance: No one enters.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Give him another ten seconds.
text: Around the corner comes Benedict, carrying his black
dialog: portfolio.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: As I said: a machine.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: And that portfolio contains the
dialog: codes to all the cage doors?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 3/30/01 58.
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: 97
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Two minutes after they've been
dialog: changed, he's got 'em in hand.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll tell you: you guys picked
dialog: a helluva target. He is as smart
dialog: and ruthless as they come. The
dialog: last guy caught cheating here,
dialog: Benedict not only sent him up for
dialog: ten years, he got the bank to
dialog: seize the guy's home and
dialog: bankrupted --
speaker_heading: RUSTY
text: -- his brother-in-law's tractor
dialog: dealership, I heard.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: He doesn't just go after your
dialog: knees, he goes after your
dialog: livelihood. And everyone-you-
dialog: ever-met's livelihood.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: You scared?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: You suicidal?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
text: Only in the morning.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Now comes the girl... if she comes
dialog: in after he does, that means
text: they're in a snit.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Where's she come from?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: The museum downstairs. She's the
dialog: curator there. Wait... here she
dialog: is. You'll like this.
text: Rusty looks up as...
text: ... a beautiful woman (the one Danny saw on Benedict's
text: arm in the New York Times photo) appears. Elegantly
text: dressed, a knockout, she moves very much in her own
text: private space. And Rusty's face just about drops at the
text: sight of her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 3/30/01 58A.
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: (2) 97
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: I don't know if we can use her
dialog: yet. I haven't even caught her
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Tess.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (looks very certain
dialog: about this, very
dialog: certain and very
dialog: upset)
dialog: Her name is Tess.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 59.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT 98
text: Construction continues into the wee hours.
scene_heading: 99 INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT 99
text: A facsimile of the Bellagio vault sprouts into shape.
text: Livingston fixes a security camera in a corner, then
text: matches its image (of Frank staple-gunning floorboard
text: into place) to a security tape of the real McCoy.
text: On the other side of the garage, Turk and Virgil go to
text: work on their newly-purchased vans, with wrenches and
text: blow torches. Tishkoff recognizes a gasket Virgil
dialog: handles.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: This looks familiar. Where'd you
dialog: get this?
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Off your Rolls.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Danny! Tell 'em not to touch the
dialog: Rolls!
text: Overlooking the whole enterprise is Danny, grinning from
text: ear to ear, happy in his work. He checks a stopwatch in
dialog: his hand as...
text: ... the false top to the cash cart before him flies open,
text: revealing Yen within, his arms, legs and torso folded
text: into a three-by-four foot space. He whips an air hose
text: from his mouth and inhales deeply. Danny checks his
dialog: watch.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: 29:47. Everything okay in there?
text: Yen responds. Of course, Danny doesn't understand him.
text: But Rusty does, appearing behind him.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: But what doesn't beat the shit out
dialog: of being a circus performer?
text: Danny turns to Rusty: he looks very, very serious.
scene_heading: 100 EXT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT 100
text: Danny and Rusty adjourn from the warehouse.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 100 CONTINUED: 100
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Tell me this isn't about her. Or
dialog: I'll walk off the job right now.
dialog: (off Danny's reaction)
dialog: Tess. She's with Terry Benedict
dialog: now. Tell me this isn't about
text: screwing the guy who's screwing
dialog: your wife.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Ex-wife.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's not. About that. Entirely.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You said you needed a reason.
dialog: Well, this is mine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When we started in this business,
dialog: we had three rules. We weren't
dialog: gonna hurt anybody. We weren't
dialog: gonna steal from anybody didn't
dialog: have it coming. And we were gonna
dialog: play the game like we had nothing
dialog: to lose. Well, I lost something.
dialog: Someone. That's why I'm here.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Here's the problem: we're
dialog: stealing two things now. And when
dialog: push comes to shove, if you can't
dialog: have both, which are you gonna
dialog: choose? And remember: Tess
dialog: doesn't divide eleven ways.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: If things go to plan, I won't be
dialog: the one who has to make that
dialog: choice.
text: The two men stand quietly for a moment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 100 CONTINUED: (2) 100
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How'd she look by the way?
dialog: Tess...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I've seen her happier.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PICASSO'S WOMAN WITH GUITAR
speaker_heading: TESS (V.O.)
dialog: 'Radiant' is the word. Absolutely
text: radiant.
scene_heading: 101 INT. BELLAGIO ART GALLERY - DAY 101
text: The painting hangs under a portrait lamp on a wall
text: between a van Gogh and a Monet.
text: At a distance, admiring it, are Tess, the SELLER and the
text: seller's AIDE-DE-CAMP. A staff photographer and other
text: personnel mill nearby.
text: Off to the side, in a sharp blazer, Tess stands
text: transfixed by the painting.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: He painted it in the summer of
dialog: 1912, after the break-up with
dialog: Fernande Olivier.
speaker_heading: SELLER
dialog: She must have put him through
dialog: hell.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: You can see the conflict. He
dialog: makes her both erotic and
text: grotesque. He's hopelessly drawn
text: to her, and yet she drives him
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: AIDE-DE-CAMP
dialog: (checking his watch)
dialog: Mr. Santaniello has an early
dialog: flight. Do you think Mr. Benedict
dialog: will be late?
speaker_heading: TESS
text: Mr. Benedict is never late.
text: Just then the double doors to the gallery swing open, and
text: Terry Benedict enters, right on time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 5/31/01 62.
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: 101
text: He is elegant, beaming, commanding. All that's missing
text: is a blare of trumpets.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Am I late?
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Not at all, Mr. Benedict.
dialog: (greeting him)
dialog: Allow me to introduce to you Mr.
dialog: Jean Santaniello.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (to Seller)
dialog: Mr. Santaniello, I apologize if I
dialog: kept you. I had to iron out a few
dialog: issues with my fight promoter. I
dialog: gave him an unlimited budget, and
dialog: he exceeded it.
speaker_heading: SELLER
dialog: I understand it's going to be a
dialog: hell of a fight.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: We hope.
text: Tess angles Benedict toward the painting.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Here it is.
text: Benedict moves toward the painting, and as he does he
text: catches Tess in his glance, and his smile deepens. Then:
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Magnificent! I've been following
dialog: her for fifteen years now. At
dialog: last I've made her a home.
dialog: (to Tess)
dialog: All the arrangements and so
dialog: forth...
speaker_heading: SELLER
dialog: Done. She's yours.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Not mine. She belongs to everyone
dialog: who comes into my hotel. Isn't
dialog: that right, Ms. Ocean?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: (2) 101
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Yes, Mr. Benedict.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: She's lovely, isn't she?
dialog: (as the Seller is
dialog: confused; Benedict
dialog: specifies painting)
dialog: I can't be the only one who was
dialog: after her.
speaker_heading: SELLER
dialog: You're the only one who met my
dialog: price.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Ah, but this... You can't put a
dialog: price on beauty. But I shouldn't
dialog: philosophize. I own casinos,
dialog: after all.
speaker_heading: AIDE-DE-CAMP
dialog: Can we get a quick shot? Mr.
text: Santaniello has a plane to catch.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Of course, of course.
text: Tess understands: she is not to be part of the photo.
text: Benedict and the Seller pose together and...
dialog: Flash!
scene_heading: 102 INT. BELLAGIO ART GALLERY - LATER 102
text: The Seller exits with the Aide-De-Camp in tow. Benedict
text: remains, enthralled by the painting. Tess appears beside
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: You like it?
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I like that you like it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I have some bad news from the
dialog: world of high fashion. It seems
dialog: Mike Tyson will be wearing red on
text: Saturday night. Red trunks with a
dialog: white stripe.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 64.
speaker_heading: 102 CONTINUED: 102
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: And you, as I recall, will be
dialog: wearing a red Donna Karan? And
dialog: when the TV cameras pick us up in
dialog: the front row, that red dress...
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: He's a charming man, but no one's
text: going to be watching him when they
dialog: can make a study of you. I've
dialog: asked Paolo to find three or four
dialog: things for you to try. I hope
dialog: you're not too disappointed.
text: She is, but she buries it.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Are you sure?
text: She nods, smiles faintly.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I'll see you tonight.
text: Instinctively she leans in to kiss him. He recoils ever
dialog: so slightly.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: What? We're alone.
text: He lets his eyes wander along the length of the ceiling,
text: over all the eye-in-the-sky cameras hidden there. She
text: follows his look.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: In my hotels, there's always
text: someone watching.
text: But he kisses her anyway.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: I'll see you tonight.
text: He glances once more on the Picasso as he moves away.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Actually, I do like it.
text: And Tess remains, thinking: he's rich, he's handsome and
dialog: wooing, but is she happy?
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 65.
speaker_heading: 103 OMITTED 103
dialog: thru thru
dialog: 105 105
scene_heading: 106 INT. HIGH ROLLERS' ROOM - NIGHT 106
text: Quiet, elegant, tense. One table is operating only, in
text: the corner, and at it Saul, as Lyman Zerga, furtively
text: peels at the roll of Rolaids and slips one in his mouth.
speaker_heading: HIGH ROLLER #1
dialog: Weak stomach, Mr. Zerga?
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: I don't believe in weakness. It
dialog: costs too much. I don't believe
dialog: in questions, either.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 106 CONTINUED: 106
text: This shuts the High Roller up fast. Saul looks up from
text: the table, just perceptibly, to spot Terry Benedict, on
text: his way in, right on schedule. He approaches the PIT
text: BOSS by the entrance.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Eddie. Anything for me?
speaker_heading: PIT BOSS
dialog: Mr. Zerga, sir. Lyman Zerga. In
dialog: the third position. Wishes to
dialog: speak with you privately.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: PIT BOSS
dialog: Businessman of some kind, working
dialog: mostly in Europe. He's very
dialog: vague, but I asked around. Word
dialog: is he deals primarily in arms.
dialog: One of the biggest.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Zerga? Never heard of him.
speaker_heading: PIT BOSS
dialog: Yessir. That's why I don't doubt
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: He's staying here?
speaker_heading: PIT BOSS
dialog: Checked in two nights ago, sir.
text: He's in the Mirador suite.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: How's he doing?
speaker_heading: PIT BOSS
dialog: Up. Almost forty grand.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (knowing he can't
dialog: duck this)
dialog: Good for him...
scene_heading: 107 INT. BELLAGIO - RESTAURANT - SAME TIME 107
text: Tess Ocean sits in a booth and sips at a glass of wine
text: and checks her watch: Benedict is late or very close to
dialog: being so...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 67.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: 107
text: ... when a pair of hands slips over her shoulders and
text: starts to caress her arms.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: (without looking
dialog: at him)
dialog: You're thirty seconds late. I was
dialog: about to send out a search
dialog: party...
dialog: (recognizing the hands,
text: she turns, stunned)
dialog: Danny...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (standing over her,
dialog: grinning)
dialog: Hello, Tess.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: (thrilled and petrified
text: and stunned to see
text: him, but outraged
dialog: mostly)
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm out.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: You're out.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Of prison. You remember. The day
dialog: I went for cigarettes and never
dialog: came back. You must have noticed.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: I don't smoke.
dialog: (as he sits)
dialog: Don't sit --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (but he does)
dialog: They said I'd paid my debt to
dialog: society.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Funny, I never got a check.
text: Danny smiles. Tess stares daggers.
speaker_heading: TESS DANNY
dialog: You can't stay. It's good to see you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: (2) 107
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You're not wearing your ring.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: I sold it. And I don't have a
dialog: husband. Or didn't you get the
dialog: papers?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: My last day inside.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: I told you I'd write.
text: Danny reaches his hand (ringed) for hers (ringless), but
text: she removes it from the table.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Danny. Go. Now. Before...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Benedict?
text: She freezes: Danny knows. He smiles: it's okay. Then,
text: to a passing waiter:
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (his fingers two
dialog: inches apart)
dialog: Whiskey and --
dialog: (then one inch
dialog: apart)
dialog: -- whiskey.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Danny...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You're doing a great job curating
dialog: the museum.
text: She sighs, exasperated.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The Vermeer is quite good. Simple
dialog: but vibrant. Although his work
text: definitely fell off as he got
dialog: older.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Remind you of anyone?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 69.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: (3) 107
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And I still get Monet and Manet
dialog: confused. Which one married his
dialog: mistress?
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Monet.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Right. Manet had syphilis.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: They also painted occasionally.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You don't know how many times I
dialog: played this conversation out in my
dialog: head the last two years.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Did it always go this poorly?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TESS
text: Sounds frustrating.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You were never easy.
dialog: (as she shrugs)
dialog: Okay. I'll make this quick. I came
dialog: here for you. I'm gonna get on with
dialog: my life, and I want you with me.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: You're a thief and a liar.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I only lied about being a thief.
dialog: But I don't do that anymore.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Steal?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Lie.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: I'm with someone now who doesn't
dialog: have to make that kind of
dialog: distinction.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 03/20/01 70.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: (4) 107
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, he's very clear on both.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Nice. Work on that for two years, too?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Year and a half.
text: A light smile from Tess.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Do you know what your problem is?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I only have one?
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: You've met too many people like you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'm with Terry now.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Does he make you laugh?
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: He doesn't make me cry.
scene_heading: 108 INT. HIGH ROLLERS' ROOM - SAME TIME 108
text: At the table, Saul bets heavily for the bank. Benedict
text: approaches, stands off to the right, watching.
speaker_heading: HIGH ROLLER
dialog: (to Saul, noticing his
dialog: heavy bet)
dialog: You don't want to get in the hole
dialog: too heavy to this Benedict. A
dialog: friend of mine once borrowed a
dialog: hundred g's from the guy. Two
dialog: months went by, Benedict hadn't
dialog: heard from him, he calls my friend
dialog: up, asks 'Where's my money?' I'll
dialog: get to it when I get to it,' my
text: friend says. Half hour later
dialog: Benedict's in my friend's hotel
text: room, dangling him off his 10th
dialog: floor balcony by his feet. 'You
dialog: gonna get to it now?'
text: High Roller turns over a nine. Saul wins.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 03/20/01 70A.
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: (A1) 108
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Bank wins -- natural nine.
text: Benedict steps forward.
speaker_heading: HIGH ROLLER
dialog: Hiya, Terry.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Mr. Weintraub. How's everything?
speaker_heading: HIGH ROLLER
dialog: Eh. They put too much grenadine
dialog: in my Shirley Temple.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: And here I thought you were
dialog: drinking vodka.
dialog: (turning attention to
dialog: Saul)
dialog: Mr. Zerga.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Mr. Benedict. I recognize you
dialog: from the TV. You know, nine
dialog: casinos out of ten, owner comes
text: up in the middle of the hand to
dialog: ask me what I want. I respect
dialog: your waiting.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/01 71.
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: You're the guest, sir.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: And I have to impose on your
dialog: hospitality. Can you sit in for a
dialog: hand?
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I'd love to, Mr. Zerga, but the
dialog: gaming board would feed me to my
dialog: white tigers.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: That's a shame. You're the king
dialog: of Vegas and you have to play
text: craps in the alley.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: No shame at all. Reminds me of my
dialog: youth.
scene_heading: CORNER - MOMENT LATER
text: Benedict and Saul are huddled in a corner.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: The fight is Saturday, is it not?
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Yes. I can get you seats...
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: No, no. Hand-to-hand combat
dialog: doesn't interest me. I have a
dialog: package arriving here Saturday
text: evening. A black briefcase,
dialog: standard size, the contents of
dialog: which are very valuable to me.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I'd be happy to put it in the
dialog: house safe for you.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: The house safe is for brandy and
dialog: grandmother's pearls. I'm afraid
dialog: I need something more secure.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I can assure you, the house safe
dialog: is utterly...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: (2) 108
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: (his looks stops
dialog: Benedict)
dialog: I can assure you, Mr. Benedict,
dialog: your generosity in this matter
dialog: will not go overlooked. Now:
dialog: what can you offer me besides the
dialog: safe?
text: Saul's eyes are pure steel: he is not a man familiar
text: with being denied. And Benedict recognizes that fact.
scene_heading: 109 INT. BELLAGIO - RESTAURANT - SAME TIME 109
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: See, the kind of people you steal
dialog: things from, they have insurance
dialog: to compensate them. They get made
dialog: whole again. I had to leave New
dialog: York to get away from what
dialog: happened. How do I get my five
dialog: years back, Danny?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You can't. But what you can do is
dialog: not throw away another five years.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: You don't know anything about --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (leaning in)
dialog: Listen, you don't love me anymore,
dialog: you want to make a life with
dialog: someone else? Fine, I'll have to
dialog: live with that. But not him.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Spoken like a true ex-husband.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm not joking, Tess.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: I'm not laughing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have to admit there's a
dialog: conflict of interest when you give
dialog: me advice about my love life.
text: Danny exhales and leans back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 73.
speaker_heading: 109 CONTINUED: 109
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes. But that doesn't mean I'm
dialog: wrong.
text: She looks at him, and maybe part of her knows that he
text: isn't. She looks down at his ring, somewhat wistful.
text: He sees her looking at it.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Do you remember what I said to you
dialog: when we first met?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You said: you better know what
dialog: you're doing.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Do you? Now? Because -- truly --
dialog: you should walk out the door if
dialog: you don't.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I know what I'm doing.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Terry Benedict is hovering over them, fresh from his
dialog: meeting with Saul.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: Catching up.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Terry, meet my ex-husband...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (extending his hand)
dialog: Danny Ocean.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (taking it)
dialog: Mr. Ocean.
dialog: (to Tess)
dialog: Forgive me for being late. A
dialog: guest required my attention.
speaker_heading: TESS
text: Danny was just walking through the
dialog: restaurant and spotted me.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 74.
speaker_heading: 109 CONTINUED: (2) 109
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I was shocked myself. Imagine the odds.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: 'Of all the gin joints in all the
dialog: world...'
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You've been in prison until
dialog: recently, isn't that right? How
dialog: does it feel to be out?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: About the same. Everything you
text: want is still on the other side.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: There's the human condition for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Terry, Danny was just about to...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I just wanted to say hello. For
dialog: old time's sake.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Stay for a drink, if you like.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: He can't --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (simultaneously)
dialog: -- I can't.
text: An awkward silence. Benedict takes Tess's hand in his.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Well, then I don't imagine we'll
dialog: be seeing you again, Mr. Ocean.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You never know.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I know everything that happens in
dialog: my hotels.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So I should put those towels back.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: The towels you can keep.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 75.
speaker_heading: 109 CONTINUED: (3) 109
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (smiles, rises)
dialog: Good seeing you, Tess.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Take care, Danny.
text: Danny goes. When he's out the door...
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: I'm sorry --
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (like lightning)
dialog: Don't be.
scene_heading: 110 OUTSIDE RESTAURANT 110
text: MOVING WITH Danny as he exits, his fingers snapping, he
text: saw the mist in Tess's eyes just now, he knows he's got a
text: fighting chance with her, but what he does not know is...
text: ... Linus is tailing him, ten steps back. He stops,
text: glances back at the restaurant quizzically, then
text: continues following Danny.
scene_heading: 111 INT. BASHER TARR'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY 111
dialog: Nobody lights a match, this place is a powder keg.
text: Basher sits on his bed, surrounded by combustibles,
text: whittling and polishing a plastic explosive into an
text: emerald shape. There's a KNOCK at the door...
speaker_heading: MAID (O.S.)
dialog: House cleaning.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: (eyes never leave
dialog: his work)
dialog: Just jumping into the shower, can
dialog: you come back later?
text: The maid moves on, on TV: A Reporter broadcasts live...
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: We're here at the historic
dialog: Paradiso Hotel and Casino, once
dialog: the prize resort of Las Vegas, now
text: seconds away from demolition...
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 76.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. PARADISO HOTEL (ON STRIP) - DAY 112
text: Just down the block from the Terry Benedict Trinity
text: stands (for a few remaining moments) the edifice of the
text: Paradiso, Reuben Tishkoff's bankrupted hotel-casino.
text: A crowd has gathered to witness its destruction: Terry
text: Benedict, for one, his finger on the button and his face
text: in the spotlight; Tess another, standing (near)by her
text: man; Danny, too, hidden within the masses, eyes fixed on
text: his ex; and Linus, who keeps a steady bead on Danny.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: ... and here's Reuben Tishkoff,
dialog: former owner of the Paradiso, come
text: to bid farewell to his fabled
dialog: resort and wish Terry Benedict all
dialog: the best with his future plans for
dialog: the property...
text: Terry greets Reuben before the TV cameras and newspaper
text: reporters, and everyone's smiling and shaking hands, but
text: behind those smiles and under their breaths...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Good to see you.
speaker_heading: REUBEN
dialog: Go shit in your mouth.
text: Tess, her eyes roaming the crowd, finds a pair staring
text: back at her: Danny's. She holds his glance a moment --
text: long enough for both Linus and Benedict to notice --
text: before turning away, to...
text: ... Benedict, who puts his public smile back on and steps
text: up to a podium alongside MIKE TYSON and LENNOX LEWIS, and
text: together they all put their hands on "the plunger" and
text: Benedict leans into a microphone...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I hope there's as much dynamite in
dialog: the Paradiso as there will be in
dialog: this Saturday's fight.
text: ... and -- WHOOMPH -- the PLUNGER comes down and -- write
dialog: your own onomatopoeia here -- the PARADISO IMPLODES.
text: Reuben wipes a tear from his eye.
speaker_heading: REUBEN
dialog: G'bye, honey...
scene_heading: 113 INT. BASHER TARR'S HOTEL ROOM - SAME TIME 113
text: As the Paradiso crumbles outside his window, the lights
text: and TV in his room flicker and go out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: 113
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: Shit.
text: As he scrambles out the door, making sure to post a "Do
dialog: Not Disturb" sign...
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: Saturday day is yours. Do
dialog: whatever you like with it.
scene_heading: 114 INT. TISHKOFF'S - GAME ROOM - NIGHT 114
text: FROM ABOVE, SLOWLY DESCENDING: Ten of our eleven (Basher
text: is missing) surround the model of the three casinos.
text: Rusty leads everyone in a run-down of the heist...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
text: Call is at five-thirty. Makeup
dialog: and costume. Saul's package
text: arrives at seven-fifteen, and
dialog: Linus grabs our codes. All goes
dialog: well there and we're a go. Seven-
dialog: thirty Virgil and Turk deliver Yen
dialog: and we're committed. From that
dialog: point, we have thirty minutes to
dialog: blow the power or he suffocates.
text: We DESCEND ONTO the miniature of the vault, then --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 115 INT. BELLAGIO VAULT - NIGHT 115
text: FROM ABOVE, DESCENDING STILL: This is the Real Deal.
text: The Bellagio vault. A clock reads: 8:03.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: Once the electricity goes, all
text: entry points to the vault and its
dialog: elevator will automatically lock
dialog: down for two minutes. That's when
dialog: we make our move...
text: Two guards wheel in a cash cart and leave it in the
text: vault's center and march out again, closing the thick
text: metal door behind them. When the vault LOCKS CLICK...
text: ... We STOP DESCENDING, just above the cash cart. There
text: is silence for a spell, the lights flicker out, then...
text: ... the false top of the cart springs open, revealing Yen
text: within, folded neatly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 78.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: 115
text: He inhales deeply, then slowly unspools himself from the
text: cash cart until, at last, he crouches atop it. He takes
text: in the room: vacant and silent.
text: Except for Rusty, who walks right by him, incongruously.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Okay: they've put you in the
text: middle of the room, far from
dialog: everything. You have to get from
dialog: here to the door without touching
dialog: the floor. What do you do?
text: A WIDER ANGLE reveals we're...
scene_heading: 116 INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT 116
text: The Bellagio vault has been fully reproduced here, and
dialog: what we've been watching has been a trial run. Ten of
text: the eleven (Turk and Virgil in guard costumes, Basher is
text: still missing) watch from offstage, like a film crew
text: watching a dress rehearsal.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Fin says he shorts it.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Make it a sawbuck.
text: From a dead squat, Yen leaps, hands first, from the cash
text: cart to a ledge five yards away, and grips it safely with
text: both hands without touching the floor. From this
text: position, he'll inch his way to a counter, then, to the
dialog: door...
text: Frank pays up. Behind him, a DOOR SLAMS, and he turns to
text: see Basher, at last. Sniffing the air, he double-takes
text: -- Basher's covered head-to-toe in sewage.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: (and he's not happy)
dialog: We're in deep shit.
scene_heading: 117 EXT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT 117
text: Linus hoses Basher off, his accent angry and thick as he
text: spits out water and the story of his afternoon and if
dialog: nobody understands a word he's saying, that's okay...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 79.
speaker_heading: 117 CONTINUED: 117
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: The damn demo crew didn't use a
dialog: coaxial lynch to back the
dialog: mainline! Onioned the mainframe
dialog: couplet!
text: Reuben leans into Livingston...
speaker_heading: REUBEN
dialog: You understand any of this?
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: I'll explain later.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: Blew the backup grid one by one!
dialog: Like dominoes!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (as he hardly
dialog: understands
dialog: this either)
dialog: Basher. What happened?
scene_heading: 118 FLASHBACK - INT. VEGAS SEWERS - THAT AFTERNOON 118
text: A cabal of city engineers investigates subterranean fuse
text: boxes, and Basher tails them, hiding near a waterfall of
dialog: effluent.
speaker_heading: BASHER (V.O.)
dialog: They did exactly what I planned to
dialog: do. Only they did it by accident.
dialog: Now they know their weakness. And
dialog: they're fixing it.
text: An ECHOING FOOTSTEP draws the attention of the city
text: engineers, and Basher retreats into the waterfall.
scene_heading: 119 INT. TISHKOFF'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT (PRESENT) 119
text: Basher towels off his hair...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So...
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: So unless we decide to do this job
dialog: in Reno, we're screwed.
text: Danny rises and paces, frustrated. He's come too far for
text: things to go awry now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 80.
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED: 119
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: We could --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: By tomorrow?
text: Danny keeps pacing; Rusty hangs his head and thinks;
text: Basher dries his hair.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: (an idea occurs
dialog: to him)
dialog: We could use a pinch.
text: Danny stops; Rusty looks up.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What -- is a pinch?
scene_heading: 120 INT. LAB - DAY 120
text: Scientists demonstrate the pinch, a lithium wire in a
text: glass vacuum tube the size of a small refrigerator.
speaker_heading: BASHER (V.O.)
dialog: A pinch is the equivalent of a
dialog: cardiac arrest for any broad-band
dialog: electrical circuitry. Or better
dialog: yet: A pinch is a bomb... but
dialog: without the bomb. Every time a
dialog: nuclear weapon detonates, it
text: unleashes an electromagnetic pulse
dialog: which shuts down any power source
dialog: within its vicinity. That tends
dialog: not to matter in most cases
dialog: because the nuclear weapon
dialog: destroys everything you might need
dialog: power for anyway. Now a pinch
dialog: creates a similar electromagnetic
dialog: pulse, but without the headache of
dialog: mass destruction and death. So
dialog: instead of Hiroshima, you get the
dialog: Seventeenth Century.
scene_heading: A121 INT. TISHKOFF'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT A121
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: For how long?
speaker_heading: BASHER
text: About ten seconds.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 81.
speaker_heading: A121 CONTINUED: A121
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Could a pinch take out the power
dialog: of an entire city? Like, I
dialog: don't...
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: Las Vegas?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But there's only one pinch in the
dialog: world big enough to handle it.
text: Danny and Rusty trade a look: They have their answer.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: BASHER
text: (a beat, then balefully)
dialog: Pasadena.
scene_heading: B121 EXT. CAL TECH CAMPUS - NIGHT B121
text: Headlights hit a sign: "Cal Tech. HIGH-SECURITY AREA.
text: KEEP OUT." A white VAN SHOOTS PAST it.
speaker_heading: 121 OMITTED 121
scene_heading: 122 INT. WHITE VAN - NIGHT 122
text: Turk and Virgil man the front seats as Danny, Basher, Yen
text: and Linus huddle in the back. Basher and Yen both
dialog: prepare equipment for their raid: hooks and a rope for
text: Yen, a small blowtorch and a drill for Basher.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to Basher and Yen)
dialog: You two ready?
text: They nod and, with Danny, start out the van's rear door.
text: Linus starts to follow but...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Coming with you.
text: Danny smiles and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: (furious)
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 82.
speaker_heading: 122 CONTINUED: 122
text: The van door slams in his face.
scene_heading: 123 EXT. LABORATORY - AT PERIMETER DOOR - NIGHT 123
text: Danny picks a lock, then he, Yen, and Basher disappear
text: into the lab's interior.
scene_heading: 124 INT. WHITE VAN 124
text: Linus twiddles his thumbs, tired of being seated at the
text: kids' table. Meanwhile, up front, another Mensa meeting
dialog: has been called to order...
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Are you a man?
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: Yes. Nineteen.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Are you alive?
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: Yes. Eighteen.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Evel Knievel.
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: Shit! Okay, your turn...
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
text: Co-sign squared over .0455.
speaker_heading: TURK
text: No. Co-sign squared over .0415.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: .04-five-five.
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: One-five.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: You're so wrong.
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: You don't know your string theory,
dialog: bitch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 83.
speaker_heading: 124 CONTINUED: 124
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
text: After a spell of silence...
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Mom told me she loves me more.
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: She told me she was going to tell
dialog: you that.
speaker_heading: ON LINUS
speaker_heading: TURK (O.S.)
dialog: Stop it.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL (O.S.)
dialog: Make me.
speaker_heading: TURK (O.S.)
dialog: Stop it.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL (O.S.)
dialog: Make me.
text: They can be heard WRESTLING. Linus has had enough. He
text: sneaks out the van's back door without the Malloys
text: hearing him.
scene_heading: 125 AT PERIMETER DOOR 125
text: Linus sulks along the laboratory's perimeter, finds the
text: door Danny pick-locked, and disappears inside.
text: A moment passes.
text: A moment passes.
text: And the next door opens, and Danny, Basher, and Yen
text: appear, pinch in hand -- they've succeeded. They weave a
dialog: path to the van...
scene_heading: 126 INT. VAN 126
text: Turk and Virgil are still wrestling as the trio appears.
text: Danny, Basher and Yen pile in the back...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We got it. Let's go.
text: Turk floors it, and they're off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 84.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: 126
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Wait a minute.
dialog: Turk brakes, and they're not.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Where's Linus?
text: Everyone realizes: he's not here. Just then:
text: SIRENS and ALARMS and lights come to life. Uh-oh.
text: Danny spins to look out the back of the van, Basher by
text: his side. His eyes scan the compound, then:
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: There he is.
speaker_heading: DANNY'S POV
text: of the lab, and its beveled-glass stairwell. Linus
text: scrambles up its steps, a flight ahead of a duo of chasing
text: guards. As he ascends out of sight...
dialog: Danny shifts his focus to -
speaker_heading: DANNY'S POV
text: The other side of the building, and two more guards
text: arriving on the roof and moving toward the staircase:
dialog: Linus will be trapped.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Danny, Basher, and Yen squat side-by-side-by-side,
text: watching all this. Yen makes a colorful observation about
text: Linus's predicament; of course, no one understands it.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL (O.S.)
dialog: One of us should help him.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: (who speaks Danny's mind)
dialog: Then there'll be two of us who
dialog: need saving.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: He knows where we are.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 85.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: (2) 126
speaker_heading: DANNY'S POV
text: Both sets of guards appear on the rooftop, and find no
text: Linus between them -- he's disappeared.
speaker_heading: TURK (O.S.)
dialog: Where'd he go?
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Danny and Basher slowly turn: Turk and Virgil crouch
text: inches behind them, wanting to spectate as well.
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: (off Danny's look)
dialog: What?
dialog: (then, realizing their
dialog: goof, to his brother,
dialog: remonstratively)
dialog: Would you -- shouldn't someone be
dialog: behind the wheel?
speaker_heading: CRASH!
speaker_heading: 127 OMITTED 127
dialog: &amp; &amp;
dialog: 128 128
scene_heading: 129 EXT. LABORATORY - NIGHT 129
text: A second-story WINDOW EXPLODES as a desk chair flies
text: through it, followed shortly by Linus who leaps onto a
text: steel-mesh overhang running alongside the building.
speaker_heading: 130 OMITTED 130
scene_heading: A131 INT. VAN A131
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Alright, back it up, back it up!
text: Virgil leaps into the driver's seat, shifts into reverse.
scene_heading: B131 EXT. VAN B131
text: Linus runs along the overhang, then leaps down, onto the
text: reversing van, and rolls along its roof and down its
dialog: windshield.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 86.
speaker_heading: B131 CONTINUED: B131
text: THROUGH the windshield: Virgil jabs his thumb over his
dialog: shoulder: get in the back.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (appearing from
dialog: the rear doors)
dialog: C'mon, c'mon...
text: Linus scrambles back over the van, and Danny and Yen pull
text: him in. Virgil hits the gas for a quick getaway, but he
text: does so before the rear doors are closed, and one of them
text: slams shut right on Yen's hand -- CRUNCH!
speaker_heading: YEN
dialog: Ahhh!
scene_heading: 131 INT. WHITE VAN 131
text: as it hurtles away. Basher tends to Yen, cradling his
text: hand, and Danny stares down Linus, breathless.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I say stay in the van, you stay in
dialog: the van, got it? 'Cause you lose
dialog: focus for one second in this game,
text: and someone gets hurt.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: (he's had just
dialog: about enough of
dialog: Danny's shit)
dialog: I got it.
text: They continue staring daggers at one another as...
scene_heading: A132 EXT. VAN A132
text: The van pulls away into the night...
speaker_heading: JIM LAMPLEY (V.O.)
dialog: It's fight night in Las Vegas...
scene_heading: 132 EXT. LAS VEGAS - DAY 132
text: Incoming lanes of the I-15 reflect bumper-to-bumper
text: steel; planes in the air are stacked for five miles over
text: the desert; even Gila monsters below seem Vegas-bound.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 87.
speaker_heading: 132 CONTINUED: 132
speaker_heading: JIM LAMPLEY (V.O.)
dialog: ... people are flooding in from
dialog: all over the country to see what
dialog: has been dubbed the 'Fight to End
dialog: All Fights'...
scene_heading: 133 EXT. LAS VEGAS - DAY 133
text: JIM LAMPLEY broadcasts live from a mobbed Strip.
speaker_heading: JIM LAMPLEY
dialog: ... and even though it's still
dialog: five hours 'til the opening bell,
text: the energy here is fever-pitched.
scene_heading: 134 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO 134
text: Every table is in play, every seat filled.
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: 135 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - THE EYE IN THE SKY 135
text: The Bellagio's CASINO MANAGER (the one Linus spied with
text: Benedict before) checks in with his watchers.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: How we doing?
scene_heading: 136 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - DAY 136
text: Livingston has moved A/V operations into Lyman Zerga's
text: suite. As he scours the same images the watchers
text: downstairs do, he eavesdrops on their communications
text: through his headset.
speaker_heading: WATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: (over Livingston's
dialog: headset)
dialog: Cotton couldn't be taller.
scene_heading: 137 IN MIRADOR SUITE BATHROOM 137
text: Lost in the luxury his role dictates, Saul floats in a
text: full-sized Jacuzzi and chews on a hundred dollar cigar;
text: Reuben, meanwhile, paces the floor, nervously.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Where are they? That's what I
dialog: want to know. Where are they?
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: (as Lyman)
dialog: They'll be here.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: (to himself, mocking
dialog: "Lyman")
dialog: 'They'll be here.' Thanks a lot,
dialog: Fidel.
scene_heading: 138 AT LIVINGSTON'S CONSOLE 138
text: Punching up a new set of views from the Eye In The Sky,
text: Livingston thrusts forward, alarmed by one.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Yikes.
scene_heading: 139 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - LOBBY - DAY 139
text: Rusty keeps watch on the hotel's side entrance.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: 139
text: He glances at his watch, then outside again as the white
text: van arrives, dropping off only Linus and Danny, who slaps
text: the van's roof before it pulls away.
text: As Danny and Linus enter the lobby, Rusty falls into step
text: with them, exchanging a smile with Danny but not Linus,
text: he still looks chastised from the car-trailer.
scene_heading: 140 INT. ELEVATOR 140
dialog: Riding up...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: You boys have a nice trip?
text: Rusty, smiling, looks to Linus, glowering, then to Danny.
text: Before Danny can explain the doors part at the Mirador
text: Suite, where Livingston greets them urgently.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: We have a problem.
scene_heading: 141 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - ON LIVINGSTON'S LAPTOP - DAY 141
text: A mug-shot of Danny, complete with vital information:
dialog: height, weight, criminal history.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: You've been red-flagged. It means
dialog: the moment you step on the casino
dialog: floor, they'll be watching you.
text: Like hawks. Hawks with video
dialog: cameras.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: This is a problem.
text: A pall falls over the room: this is more than a problem,
text: this is disastrous. Only SAUL dares make a noise,
text: HUMMING and SPLASHING in the next room.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Saul: time to get out.
speaker_heading: SAUL (O.S.)
dialog: (as Lyman)
dialog: It's time when I say it is.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Now!
text: We hear HIM JUMP-TO-IT out of the tub...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 90.
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: 141
speaker_heading: SAUL (O.S.)
dialog: (himself again)
dialog: I'm out.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (back to Danny)
dialog: You have any idea how this
dialog: happened?
text: Before Danny can answer...
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: I do. He's been chasing
dialog: Benedict's woman. Got into a real
dialog: snarl with him two nights ago.
dialog: (off Danny's look)
dialog: I was tailing you.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who told you to do that?
text: Before Linus can answer...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I did.
dialog: (he and Danny
dialog: hold a stare)
dialog: I knew you couldn't leave Tess
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Who's Tess?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: My wife.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Ex-wife.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: (appearing in a
dialog: bathrobe)
dialog: Tess is here?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (eyes still on
dialog: Danny)
dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't know if it
dialog: would sting you, but it did.
dialog: (the most difficult
dialog: words he's ever
dialog: had to say)
dialog: You're out, Danny.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 91.
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: (2) 141
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: He's out?!
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: It's that or we shut down right
dialog: now. His involvement puts us all
dialog: at risk.
text: Danny and Rusty face off, furious with each other.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: This isn't your call.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: You made it my call. When you put
dialog: her ahead of us. You made it mine.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: This is my job.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Not anymore.
text: Danny stares daggers at Rusty. But he can see: everyone
text: in the room is on Rusty's side. Defeated, he stalks out
text: of the room, onto a balcony, but not without staring down
dialog: Linus.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: But, but... he can't just be out.
dialog: Who's gonna take his place?
text: Rusty turns to Linus.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Kid, you up for it?
text: Linus's eyes drift to Danny outside -- whatever acrimony
dialog: he felt before, he never meant to kick Danny off the job.
text: He nods, half-cocksure/half-scared-pissless: he's up for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (to Livingston)
dialog: Find everyone else. Let 'em know
text: the change in plan. Curtain goes
text: up at seven.
text: Livingston exits. Everyone else in the room staggers
text: about, like witnesses after an execution. Rusty steps
text: out onto the balcony, perhaps to console Danny, but (as
text: Linus watches them from inside) their words cannot be
dialog: heard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 92.
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: (3) 141
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Tess is with Benedict now?
dialog: (as nobody responds)
text: She's too tall for him.
speaker_heading: 142 OMITTED 142
dialog: &amp; &amp;
dialog: 143 143
scene_heading: 144 INT. BENEDICT'S SUITE - DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT 144
text: Tess, readying herself for the big evening, meets her own
text: glance in a dressing mirror, then spots Benedict in its
text: reflection, pacing the bedroom behind her.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Yes. Yes. No. Very much no.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then inform Mr. Levin he'll find a
text: better view of the fight in front
dialog: of his television. Surely he must
dialog: have H.B.O.
text: Hanging up, Benedict approaches her, puts his hands on
dialog: her shoulders...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: What are you thinking about?
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: You.
text: She smiles at him in the mirror. His glance in it,
text: turns from her to himself.
scene_heading: 145 INT. EXECUTIVE ELEVATOR 145
text: Riding down, Terry Benedict checks his watch. The
text: elevator doors open and...
scene_heading: 146 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - ELEVATOR BAY 146
text: ... he steps onto his casino's floor, the king of Las
dialog: Vegas.
text: The time is 7:00.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 93.
scene_heading: 147 ON BALCONY OVERLOOKING CASINO FLOOR 147
text: Benedict meets his casino Manager, according to schedule.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Any sign of Ocean?
speaker_heading: MANAGER (WALSH)
dialog: Not in a couple hours. You want
dialog: him out? I can bounce him from
dialog: the state for parole violation if
dialog: you like.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Put a guy on him. He's here for a
dialog: reason. I'd like to know what it
dialog: is. But if he comes anywhere near
dialog: Tess, take it to the next level.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Bruiser?
text: Benedict nods, goes on his way.
scene_heading: 148 AT CASINO ENTRANCE 148
text: Saul, as Lyman Zerga, stands ramrod straight, looking
text: through sliding glass doors out at the valet station.
text: From behind, Terry Benedict approaches, two security
text: guards walking half a pace behind him. Saul spots him in
text: the glass's reflection; he does not turn.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Mr. Benedict.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Mr. Zerga. It's a very busy night
dialog: for me. Are we on schedule?
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: I have no reason to suspect
dialog: otherwise. My couriers should be
dialog: here momentarily.
text: A beat as Benedict studies Saul.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: It's a nice evening. Shall we
dialog: wait outside?
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 94.
scene_heading: 149 POV THROUGH BINOCULARS - ON BELLAGIO VALET AREA 149
text: Benedict and Saul emerge, guards positioned around them.
speaker_heading: TURK (V.O.)
text: They're in position.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON (V.O.)
speaker_heading: (over STATIC)
dialog: Okay. We're a go.
scene_heading: 150 EXT. BELLAGIO CASINO - VALET AREA - SUNSET 150
text: A white, unmarked van pulls in from the street and races
text: up to the curb where Saul and Benedict wait.
text: Turk Malloy gets out the passenger's side, a briefcase
text: handcuffed to his wrist, as Virgil comes around from the
text: driver's side, both of them dressed in their bodyguard
dialog: suits.
speaker_heading: TURK
text: Mr. Zerga. A gift from Mr. Hesse.
text: Turk extends the briefcase to Saul, so that they both
text: clasp the handle, as Virgil produces a key, unlocks the
text: cuff on Turk's wrist, transfers it to Saul's, clamps it
text: shut, and hands Saul the key.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Thank you, Friedrich, Gunther.
text: He turns, nods to Benedict, and they retreat into the
text: hotel, the security guards and Malloys flanking them.
scene_heading: 151 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO 151
text: Frank deals blackjack to a full table. His eyes gaze
text: past his players to Saul, the guards and Benedict passing
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (as he busts)
dialog: Lookin' like a bad night for the
dialog: house.
text: MOVING WITH Benedict as he spies out of the corner of his
text: eye Danny, lurking at a slot machine. To one of his
dialog: guards...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Find Mr. Walsh. Tell him Mr.
text: Ocean's in the west slots.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 95.
speaker_heading: 151 CONTINUED: 151
text: The guard goes, and Benedict continues with Saul...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I'm afraid I can't allow my
dialog: private security personnel
dialog: inside the casino cages. I hope
dialog: you don't mind...
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Of course not.
text: Saul turns to dismiss Virgil and Turk when...
text: ... passing by, on his way to a sports betting window, an
text: old RACETRACK DENIZEN happens past this cabal and, worse
text: yet, happens to recognize Saul.
scene_heading: RACETRACK DENIZEN
dialog: Saul? Saul Bloom, is that you?
text: Saul does his best to ignore the man. But even Benedict
text: notices: this guy seems to know Lyman Zerga.
scene_heading: RACETRACK DENIZEN
dialog: Saul, it's me. Bucky Buchanan,
dialog: remember? From Saratoga.
text: At last Saul turns to face this man, with shark's eyes.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Friedrich, Gunther.
text: An order: dispose of this man. Virgil and Turk pick up
text: the Denizen by his elbows and haul him away.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Mr. Benedict...
dialog: (gesturing to the
dialog: cage; re: his
dialog: briefcase-cuff)
dialog: Please: I have never enjoyed the
text: touch of steel to my skin.
text: They proceed.
speaker_heading: 152 AT SLOTS 152
text: Danny sits in a row of octogenarians, all vacantly
text: dropping $1 coins and pulling levers. As he watches Saul
text: and Benedict disappear into the cage...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 96.
speaker_heading: 152 CONTINUED: 152
text: DING! DING! DING! DING! Four cherries. Danny smiles,
dialog: a big winner, but he's got bigger pots to win tonight.
text: He steers a neighboring senior citizen (blind as a bat)
dialog: to his slot machine...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Pops, you won.
text: ... then slips away.
scene_heading: A153 INT. MIRADOR SUITE A153
text: Linus stands dressed in a sharp, conservative suit -- a
text: far cry from the threadbare thief in Chicago. Rusty
text: circles him, inspecting.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Where you gonna put your hands?
text: Linus clasps them.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: No...
text: Linus goes for his pockets.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Not the pockets, either. And
dialog: don't touch your tie. Look at
dialog: me...
text: Linus does.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: That how you gonna stand?
text: Linus shifts his balance.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Wrong again. I ask you a
dialog: question, you have to think of the
dialog: answer, where you gonna look?
text: Linus looks down.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Death. You look down, they know
dialog: you're lying --
text: Linus looks up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 97.
speaker_heading: A153 CONTINUED: A153
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: -- and up they know you don't know
dialog: the truth. Don't use three words
dialog: when one will do, don't shift your
dialog: eyes, look always at your mark but
dialog: don't stare, be specific but not
dialog: memorable, funny but don't make
dialog: him laugh, he's gotta like you
dialog: then forget you the moment you've
dialog: left his sight, and for God's
dialog: sakes whatever you do, don't under
dialog: any circumstances --
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON (O.S.)
dialog: Rust, can you come here a sec?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (wandering off)
dialog: Sure thing.
text: Linus is left utterly bewildered, a thousand commandments
dialog: to remember and fifteen minutes to remember them in.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. ALLEY - DUSK 153
text: Turk and Virgil's white van whips around a corner and
text: shoots inside...
scene_heading: 154 INT. WAREHOUSE - SECOND VAN POV 154
dialog: Of which, importantly, we never see the exterior, just an
text: air freshener hanging from the rearview mirror...
text: The white VAN SCREECHES to a halt inches from Basher who
text: stands ready beside the pinch (and the now-gutted and
text: dismantled mockup of the Bellagio vault) and faster than
text: a NASCAR pit crew Basher, Turk and Virgil load the pinch
text: into the white van's rear and before you can say
text: "electromagnetic pulse" the VAN SCREECHES back out of the
text: warehouse fully loaded.
text: The time is 7:16.
scene_heading: 155 INT. BELLAGIO CAGES - EMPTY COUNT ROOM 155
text: The room is empty save for a large table. Saul places
text: his briefcase on it, adjusts its numbered combination
text: locks, and opens it.
text: Inside the case: five rows of glittering emeralds.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 98.
speaker_heading: 155 CONTINUED: 155
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: They're very beautiful. A gift.
dialog: Saul stares at him: none of your fucking business.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Can you lift them out, please?
text: Saul lifts the velvet tray out of the case, and Benedict
text: pats down the case's interior. Saul replaces the tray.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Alright, Mr. Zerga. I acknowledge
dialog: that the case does not contain any
dialog: dangerous or illicit material. I
dialog: further agree to take custody of
dialog: your case for a twenty-four hour
dialog: period to store in our secured
dialog: vault. While I cannot permit you
dialog: to accompany the case to the
dialog: vault...
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Insurance, for one. Security,
dialog: another. And I don't trust you.
text: There is a KNOCK at the door, and Walsh the casino
text: manager enters. He speaks low in Benedict's ear.
speaker_heading: WALSH (MANAGER)
dialog: I put two plainclothes on Ocean.
text: He's at the keno bar now.
text: Walsh nods, and Benedict turns back to Saul.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Mr. Zerga, this is Mr. Walsh, my
dialog: casino manager. If you will allow,
dialog: he will arrange for your briefcase
dialog: to be stored inside our vault while
dialog: you watch on a security monitor.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Those are my terms. Yes or no?
text: Saul and Benedict eyeball each other.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: You leave me no choice.
text: Saul unlocks the cuff from his wrist.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 98A.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. BELLAGIO CASINO - KITCHEN ENTRANCE - NIGHT 156
text: The white van slows enough to unload Virgil and Turk,
text: changed into waiter uniforms, and they hurry a table-
text: clothed room service cart inside as Basher pulls away.
scene_heading: 157 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - BY CAGE DOOR - NIGHT 157
text: RISING FROM a spotless pair of wingtips shifting side-to-
text: side, OVER hands flexing and stretching, UP TO Linus
text: Caldwell. He keeps an eye on the cage door, waiting for
text: Benedict to appear, as he tries anything to shake out his
text: nerves. Then, from a discreet earpiece he wears, comes:
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON (V.O.)
dialog: Deep breaths. You'll do fine.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: (breathes deep)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON (V.O.)
dialog: No sweat, kid. You're a rock.
text: (as Linus smiles,
dialog: feeling good about
dialog: himself)
dialog: Now don't fuck up.
scene_heading: 158 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - ON LIVINGSTON'S MONITOR - NIGHT 158
text: Linus's smile disappears as he continues to bounce.
text: There's a KNOCK at the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 158 CONTINUED: 158
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Room service.
text: Rusty checks through the peephole, then ushers in Turk
text: and Virgil in costume with their room service cart.
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: Who ordered the penne?
text: Livingston raises a hand, and as Turk serves him his
text: plate, Virgil whips off the cart's tablecloth:
text: underneath it's the false-lid cash cart. Rusty turns to
text: a corner.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: You ready?
text: In it, Yen finishes bandaging his busted hand and nods.
scene_heading: 159 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - THE EYE IN THE SKY 159
text: Fat and Slim sit before their monitors, feet kicked up,
text: as behind them Walsh, Benedict, and Saul enter.
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: This is our security center, where
dialog: we oversee all gaming in the
dialog: casino as well as our vault.
dialog: You'll be able to monitor your
dialog: briefcase from here.
text: Walsh, finding Fat and Slim as they are, coughs; the two
text: watchers leap immediately to their feet. Benedict checks
dialog: his watch.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Don't let me keep you.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Mr. Zerga...
dialog: And Benedict takes his leave...
scene_heading: 160 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - NIGHT 160
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Linus... you're up.
scene_heading: 161 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - BY CAGE DOOR - NIGHT 161
text: Linus nods, shakes out his hands some more...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 100.
speaker_heading: 161 CONTINUED: 161
speaker_heading: LINUS
text: Deep breaths, deep breaths.
text: ... and here comes Benedict, exiting the cage just as his
text: assistant arrives with his portfolio. As he turns toward
dialog: the restaurant...
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Mr. Benedict...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: (presents proper
dialog: identification)
dialog: Sheldon Wills. Nevada Gaming
dialog: Commission. Could I have two
dialog: minutes of your time?
text: Benedict sighs -- his evening's been sidetracked enough
dialog: already -- but...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Of course. Anything for the
dialog: N.G.C.
speaker_heading: 162 AT KENO BAR 162
text: Danny watches Benedict escort Linus toward the blackjack
text: tables, unaware that TWO PLAINCLOTHES SECURITY GOONS
text: watch him from across the bar, and when he turns in their
text: direction, they look away, acting incognito, but it's not
text: them he's turning toward...
text: ... it's Tess, rounding a corner toward the restaurant.
text: Danny jumps to his feet, throws a tip on the bar, and
dialog: goes.
scene_heading: 163 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - NIGHT 163
text: The time is 7:27.
text: Yen tucks himself into the cash cart's hidden compartment
text: with a slim oxygen tank for company. Meanwhile, Rusty
text: drills Virgil and Turk...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Okay: when do you make the
dialog: deposit?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 101.
speaker_heading: 163 CONTINUED: 163
speaker_heading: TURK
dialog: Not until we get your signal.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Hey. What do we look like: a
text: couple of peckerwood jackasses or
dialog: something?
text: No one responds.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (turning his attention
dialog: to Yen, squeezed into
dialog: the cart)
dialog: Amazing: how's it feel? You
dialog: alright?
dialog: (as Yen nods)
dialog: Want something to read? Magazine?
text: From the tangle of limbs, a middle finger protrudes to
text: show Rusty what he can do with a magazine.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Okay. I'm counting down. Thirty
dialog: minutes of breathing time
dialog: starts... now.
text: On "now" a RUNNING CLOCK APPEARS ON-SCREEN, descending
text: from 29:59. It will REMAIN there for the duration of the
text: pre-pinch heist, jumping at times BETWEEN SCENES.
text: Rusty seals Yen inside the cash cart, then gives the top
text: a tug: it's shut tight. As Virgil redresses it with the
text: tablecloth, Turk snatches back Livingston's penne on the
text: way to the door.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: You get no tip.
scene_heading: 164 INT. CASINO FLOOR - 28:37 164
text: and counting. MOVING WITH Benedict and Linus into the
dialog: Pit Boss's station.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: It only came to our attention this
dialog: morning, Mr. Benedict. Apparently
dialog: he has a record longer than my
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: If he is who you say he is.
dialog: (hailing a PIT BOSS)
dialog: Charlie. Call over Ramon
dialog: Escalante.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: 164 CONTINUED: 164
speaker_heading: PIT BOSS
dialog: Certainly, Mr. Benedict.
text: Benedict and Linus wait, side-by-side. While Linus does
text: his best to play it cool, Benedict dips into his
dialog: portfolio.
scene_heading: 165 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - ON LIVINGSTON'S MONITOR - NIGHT 165
text: An overhead view of Benedict as he pulls out the
text: combination to the vault, reads it, then buries it in his
text: jacket pocket.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Did you make it out?
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
text: His head blocked the last two
dialog: numbers.
dialog: (into his microphone)
dialog: We missed it, Linus. You gotta
dialog: grab the combination yourself.
scene_heading: 166 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - NIGHT 166
text: Linus half-nods in response, and Benedict notices.
text: Suspicious of the young man, he decides to test him.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: You new at the commission?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Been there about two years.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I know Hal Lindley over there.
dialog: You work with him at all?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: (a pause; will he
dialog: pass?)
dialog: Not since he died last year.
text: He passes. The Pit Boss returns with Frank in tow.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Mr. Escalante. Would you come
dialog: with us, please?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What's this about?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 103.
speaker_heading: 166 CONTINUED: 166
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I think it's better if we talked
text: off the floor.
text: Linus and Benedict lead Frank away. As they pass an
dialog: elevator...
text: ... its doors open, revealing Turk and Virgil, dressed
text: now as security guards, pushing out the false-lid cash
text: cart. They leave behind a pile of dishes, waiter
text: uniforms, a tablecloth.
scene_heading: 167 INT. RESTAURANT - 24:26 167
text: and counting. A MAITRE D' scours his reservations list,
text: then peers up to find Reuben Tishkoff approaching, on
text: either side of him two gorgeous young women, all blonde
dialog: hair and breasts and legs, women who wouldn't give Hefner
dialog: the time of day.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Tishkoff.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Good evening, Marcel. My nieces
dialog: and I would like a table.
text: Something quiet before the fight.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: I can put you at 19 in just a
dialog: couple minutes.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Quick as you can.
dialog: (re: the girls)
dialog: The meter's running here.
text: The Maitre d' turns to his next customer: Tess. She, of
dialog: course, merits a table instantly.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Good evening, Miss Ocean. Right
dialog: this way...
text: Reuben can't help but stare as Tess passes by. His eyes
dialog: linger a little too long and a little too low...
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey...
text: Reuben pivots; it's Danny, and he strolls past Reuben and
text: his lady friends and into the restaurant...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 104.
speaker_heading: 167 CONTINUED: 167
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Try to keep your tongue in your
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: (shocked to see Danny;
dialog: thinks he's off the
dialog: job, but covering)
dialog: Yeah, pal, well only if you take
dialog: your thumb out of your...
text: ... Reuben gets brushed from behind by the two
text: Plainclothes Goons following Danny.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: Hey: you have any idea who I
dialog: think I am?
scene_heading: 168 AT TESS'S USUAL TABLE 168
text: Just as she's sitting, Danny approaches. She goes
text: straight at him, apoplectic.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Danny: No.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'll just be a moment.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: I'm having you thrown out of
dialog: here.
text: She starts past him; he grabs her arm to keep her, and
text: she wheels on him.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: You're up to something, Danny.
dialog: What? And don't say you came here
dialog: for me. You're pulling a job,
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Tess...
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Well, know this: no matter what
dialog: it is, you won't win me back. I
dialog: can't afford it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I just came to say good-bye.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 105.
speaker_heading: 168 CONTINUED: 168
text: This surprises Tess, and, truth be told, saddens her; she
text: studies him a moment, unsure of what to say.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Oh... then... good-bye.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Good-bye.
text: Danny starts for her cheek, stops to see if it's alright
text: with her -- she, sad-eyed, does not recoil -- and then
text: gently kisses it...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Be good.
text: Danny leaves her. Tess watches him go.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: (already missing him)
dialog: Good-bye, Danny.
scene_heading: 169 AT RESTAURANT'S ENTRANCE 169
text: Danny runs smack into the Plainclothes Goons.
scene_heading: PLAINCLOTHES GOON #1
dialog: Mr. Ocean. Mr. Benedict would
dialog: like to see you.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (resignedly, these men
dialog: are much too big to
dialog: tangle with)
dialog: I thought he might.
text: The Plainclothes Goons escort Danny away, right past
text: Reuben who frowns, concerned.
scene_heading: 170 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO MANAGER'S OFFICE - 18:25 170
text: Frank stands at attention before Linus and Benedict.
text: Linus, straddling a desk, takes a beeper off his belt
text: when it pinches him. Benedict checks his watch: the
text: fight's opening bell is growing closer and closer.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Thank you for your cooperation,
dialog: Mr. Escalante.
dialog: (as Frank nods,
dialog: not at all)
dialog: Or should I call you Mr. Catton?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 105A.
speaker_heading: 170 CONTINUED: 170
text: Frank bristles, tries not to let it show. Linus pulls
text: out a Xeroxed mug shot and bio of him.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: You are Frank Catton? Formerly of
dialog: the Tropicana, the Desert Inn and
dialog: the New York State penitentiary
dialog: system?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 170 CONTINUED: 170
speaker_heading: LINUS (CONT'D)
dialog: (as Frank remains
dialog: quiet)
dialog: Your silence suggests you don't
dialog: refute that.
dialog: (to Benedict)
dialog: Mr. Benedict, I'm afraid you've
dialog: been employing an ex-convict. As
dialog: you know, the N.G.C. strictly
dialog: forbids...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Goddamn cracker...
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: (a pause; he can't
dialog: believe he just
dialog: heard that)
dialog: Pardon me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (leering at Linus,
dialog: simmering)
dialog: You heard me. Just 'cause a black
dialog: man tries to earn a decent wage in
dialog: this state...
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: That has nothing to do with...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (over him, ranting)
dialog: ... some cracker cowboy like you's
text: gotta kick him out on the street.
dialog: Want me to jump down, turn around,
dialog: pick a bale of cotton, won't let
dialog: me deal cards, might as well call
dialog: it whitejack.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: (a beat, then)
dialog: I resent your implication that
dialog: race has anything to do with this.
dialog: (to Benedict)
dialog: Now, as I was saying, the Nevada
dialog: Gaming Commission strictly forbids
dialog: the employment of the colored...
dialog: (whoops)
dialog: ... I mean...
text: That does it: Frank attacks Linus, lunging at the man,
text: and as Benedict steps in to separate the two...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 3/30/01 107.
speaker_heading: 170 CONTINUED: (2) 170
text: ... Linus's hand dips into his tuxedo jacket and
text: withdraws the vault combination.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay, okay, I'm cool.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (to Linus)
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: (a beat, then)
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: 171 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - NIGHT 171
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (hearing this)
dialog: He's got it.
dialog: (into his mike)
dialog: Virgil, Turk: deliver your
dialog: package.
scene_heading: 172 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - BY CAGE DOOR - 14:05 172
text: Two guards stand sentry outside the cage door. Virgil
text: and Turk move up with their cash cart, and when Virgil
text: reaches for his keycard... it's gone.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Aw, I think... Jesus. I lost my
dialog: card.
text: The guards frown at him. A SECURITY OFFICER approaches.
speaker_heading: SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: What's going on here?
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: I think... Jesus! I lost my
dialog: keycard.
speaker_heading: SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: (and this, he knows, will
dialog: get this guard fired)
dialog: Okay. Leave the cart. Go find
dialog: it.
dialog: (to one of the
dialog: sentries)
dialog: Take this cart inside.
text: The sentry nods, swipes his keycard, and enters with the
text: cash cart. Turk and Virgil hesitate a moment to watch it
text: enter, then hurry off.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 108.
scene_heading: 173 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 173
text: On a monitor: The sentry pushes the cart down a cage
text: corridor. On another: Saul's briefcase is escorted by
text: another guard to the vault elevator. On another: Danny
text: is escorted inside the cage by the Plainclothes Goons.
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: There it is now.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: (beginning to sweat
dialog: this a bit, nerves
dialog: overtaking him)
dialog: Wonderful.
speaker_heading: ON MONITORS
text: The yen-filled cash cart joins Saul's briefcase on the
text: elevator. PULL OUT to...
scene_heading: 174 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - 11:19 174
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: That's my cue.
dialog: (as he exits)
dialog: Give Basher the go.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Bash, what's your status?
scene_heading: 175 EXT. BELLAGIO PARKING LOT - MOVING WITH BASHER - NIGHT 175
text: driving the white van, listening to a books-on-tape of
dialog: Jane Eyre.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON (V.O.)
dialog: Bash!
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: (turning Bronte down)
dialog: No need to yell.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON (V.O.)
dialog: What's your status?
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: I'm there.
text: And he SCREECHES to a halt on the parking structure's
text: top level. Vegas can be seen in every direction.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 109.
scene_heading: 176 INT. CAGE/HALLWAY - 08:36 176
text: and counting. Benedict exits the casino Manager's office
text: with Linus and Frank. Benedict hails two GUARDS...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Please show this man off the
dialog: premises.
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Don't step foot in my casino
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: (as he's led away,
text: over his shoulder,
dialog: to Linus)
dialog: Cracker.
text: Benedict checks his watch again: he's really running
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Mr. Wills, if you don't mind...
dialog: (as Linus forgets
dialog: to respond)
dialog: Mr. Wills?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Of course.
text: They start toward the exit. But halfway there...
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: My beeper. I'm sorry. I forgot
dialog: it.
text: Benedict hesitates: He's in an enormous hurry now, he's
dialog: behind schedule -- he hates being behind schedule -- but
dialog: leaving even a member of the Gaming Commission alone in
text: his cage is a security risk. One glace at the cameras
text: all about and he decides to risk it.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: You know how to get back out?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Of course. Enjoy the fight.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (shaking his hand,
text: then hurrying away)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Linus smiles after him, withdrawing the page of
text: combinations he lifted off the man.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 110.
scene_heading: 177 EXT. BELLAGIO CASINO - 06:47 177
text: and counting. The Guards show Frank out. Frank tries
dialog: to tip them...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Thanks, fellas.
text: ... but they snarl at him before returning inside. Frank
text: smiles and goes on his way, his job complete.
scene_heading: 178 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - 06:36 178
text: Danny sits opposite two Plainclothes Goons in absolute
text: silence, waiting.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How much longer do you think Mr.
dialog: Benedict will be?
speaker_heading: GOON #1
text: Just a few minutes more.
text: He scans the room.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No cameras in this room, huh?
dialog: Don't want anyone seeing what
dialog: happens here?
text: The Goons say nothing. Danny checks his watch.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: He's not coming, is he?
text: The Goons look at each other; Danny has called their
dialog: bluff.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who is?
text: There's a KNOCK at the door, and the Goons smile:
text: Danny's about to find out who. One Goon rises to usher
dialog: in...
dialog: ... the BRUISER, come to beat the shit out of Danny
text: Ocean. The guy's at least six-six, three hundred pounds,
dialog: but it's not his size that draws attention, it's his
dialog: teeth...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 111.
speaker_heading: 178 CONTINUED: 178
dialog: ... or the lack thereof; the Bruiser doesn't hold a
text: single incisor, molar or bicuspid in his mouth. Gum
dialog: city. And there's something really terrifying about the
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I guess Mr. Benedict didn't like
dialog: me talking to his girl.
text: The Goons shake their heads. Danny smiles at the
text: Bruiser, and the Bruiser snarls back, showing off those
text: gums. He rolls up his shirtsleeves, itching to tear a
text: hole in this man. The Goons head for the door.
speaker_heading: GOON #1
dialog: We're gonna step outside now.
dialog: Leave you two alone to talk things
dialog: over.
text: The Goons exit. Danny and the Bruiser face off. And as
text: Danny opens his mouth to speak, Bruiser's fist flashes
text: out and knocks him down. Danny rises, wiping a little
text: blood from his lip.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Jesus, Bruiser, not 'til later.
speaker_heading: BRUISER
dialog: Sorry, Danny. I -- I forgot.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: S'okay.
dialog: (shaking it off)
dialog: How's the wife?
speaker_heading: BRUISER
text: Pregnant again.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Then we better get to work.
scene_heading: 179 OUTSIDE INTERROGATION ROOM 179
text: Standing guard outside, the Goons hear PUNCHES and GROANS
dialog: from inside as...
scene_heading: 180 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM 180
text: ... Danny climbs onto Bruiser's shoulders and pushes
text: through the ceiling rafters, groaning every time Bruiser
text: slaps his fist into his hand.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 112.
scene_heading: A181 INT. VAULT A181
text: A guard wheels in the Yen-filled cash cart, parks it in
text: a station next to its twin, then -- as an afterthought --
text: plants Saul's briefcase right on top if it -- clunk -- an
text: unforeseen obstacle to Yen's escape.
scene_heading: B181 INT. MIRADOR SUITE B181
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Oh shit...
scene_heading: 181 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - 04:30 181
text: Saul witnesses this, too, and stifles a reaction.
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: Does that satisfy you, Mr. Zerga?
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Yes, I'm very satisfied.
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: (to Slim)
dialog: Close it up.
text: On the monitor, the vault door closes, but Saul looks
text: anything but satisfied. He's sweaty, his mouth's so dry
text: he can't swallow, and he keeps patting down his pockets
dialog: for his Rolaids, without finding them.
speaker_heading: FAT
dialog: You alright, sir?
scene_heading: 182 INT. CAGE/HALLWAY - MOVING WITH LINUS - 04:02 182
text: as he circumspectly approaches the vault-elevator door,
text: checking up and down hallways for guards.
scene_heading: 183 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - NIGHT 183
text: On a monitor, Linus comes into view...
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Almost there, kid.
scene_heading: 184 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 184
text: ... and Saul spots him, but so does Fat...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 112A.
speaker_heading: 184 CONTINUED: 184
speaker_heading: FAT
dialog: Who's that?
text: ... and Saul can't handle the suspense: He grips his arm
dialog: and groans and this is no ulcer problem, this is a full- fledged
text: cardiac, and Walsh, Fat, and Slim all attend to
text: him, their backs turned as...
scene_heading: 185 INT. CAGE/HALLWAY - 03:42 185
text: ... Linus hurries to the elevator, punching Benedict's
text: combination into a keypad. The elevator doors open for
dialog: him.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 113.
scene_heading: 186 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - NIGHT 186
text: Livingston punches a few keys...
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
text: Going to video now.
scene_heading: 187 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 187
text: As Saul and his heart attack hold the spotlight, a
text: security monitor flips from a shot of Linus entering the
text: elevator to a Livingston-fed videotape of an empty lift.
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: (as Saul passes out)
dialog: Call for a doctor.
scene_heading: 188 INT. ELEVATOR - 03:15 188
text: Linus immediately reaches up to the elevator's ceiling,
text: rips down its panel to reveal a trap door. As he starts
dialog: to push it open...
text: ... a hand yanks it free from above. It's Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You didn't really think I was
dialog: gonna sit this one out, did you?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: What, didn't you trust me?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I do now.
text: He reaches down and pulls Linus, wide-eyed, up to the
text: roof of the elevator.
scene_heading: 189 INT. MGM GRAND GARDEN ARENA - 3:00 189
text: The boxers enter the ring before a full, cheering house.
text: Benedict and Tess find their ringside seats, a row in
text: front of Reuben and his "nieces."
speaker_heading: RING ANNOUNCER
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen!!
scene_heading: 190 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - BY CAGE DOOR - 02:56 190
text: Rusty approaches the sentry on duty at the cage door.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Someone called for a doctor?
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 114.
scene_heading: 191 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - ABOVE ELEVATOR - 02:21 191
text: Danny rips off his jacket and shirt to expose a rappelling
text: line wrapped around his torso. Linus does the same.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: How'd you get here?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Crawlspace. And I had to give
dialog: away a couple mil.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: But what about -- I mean, that
dialog: whole thing with Rusty...
text: Danny just smiles at him.
scene_heading: A192 FLASHBACK - EXT. MIRADOR SUITE - BALCONY A192
dialog: Earlier that night, just after Rusty kicked Danny off
text: the job. As Linus watches from inside, deaf to their
text: conversation, blind to their expressions, Danny and
text: Rusty confer.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You think the kid bought it?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Hell, I think Reuben bought it,
dialog: and he knew we were screwing
dialog: around.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You sure about this?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Bobby Caldwell threw me into the
dialog: pool first time. Least I could do
text: is give his kid a push.
scene_heading: B192 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - ABOVE ELEVATOR (PRESENT) B192
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Why'd you make me go through all
dialog: this? Why not just tell me?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Well, where's the fun in that?
dialog: (starting toward
dialog: elevator shaft
dialog: ladder)
dialog: C'mon: Yen's got about three
text: minutes of air left.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 115.
speaker_heading: B192 CONTINUED: B192
text: Danny leads Linus down and around the elevator and side-
text: by-side they crawl onto the bottom of the elevator,
text: gripping the undercarriage of the lift to keep from
text: falling. Meanwhile, we DESCEND QUICKLY DOWN the shaft,
text: just to illustrate how very high up they are.
scene_heading: 192 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - 00:53 192
text: Rusty, playing doctor, inspects Saul. At the same time,
text: he inspects a monitor: the vault door closing with the
text: Yen-filled cash cart and Saul's briefcase inside.
text: Rusty stops, listens to Saul's chest, then drops his
dialog: head...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
text: He's gone.
text: Walsh, Fat and Slim all bow their heads. At the door,
text: two paramedics arrive with a stretcher.
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: You're too late, guys. He's dead.
text: The first paramedic turns to his partner and admonishes
dialog: him:
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: (to Turk)
dialog: I told you to hurry.
scene_heading: 193 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - BELOW ELEVATOR - 00:42 193
text: As Danny and Linus work, affixing suction-cupped anchors
text: to their rappelling lines...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who do you like tonight?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Tyson or Lewis.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 116.
speaker_heading: 193 CONTINUED: 193
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: The fight...?
dialog: (as Danny nods)
dialog: Lewis.
text: (as Danny shoots him
dialog: a look)
dialog: You like Tyson?
dialog: (as Danny nods)
dialog: How strongly do you feel about it?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You looking for action?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I'd go in for a buck.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: A buck it is.
text: And they're ready, poised at the top, looking into the
text: abyss of an elevator shaft scattered with infrared
dialog: sensors.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (into his mike)
dialog: Livingston, we're set.
scene_heading: A194 INT. CASINO FLOOR - OUTSIDE CAGES A194
text: Rusty leads the "paramedics" out, with "dead" Saul on
text: their gurney.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (into his mike)
dialog: Livingston, we're set.
scene_heading: 194 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - 00:21 194
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: (hearing this, into
dialog: his mike)
dialog: Basher, we're set.
scene_heading: 195 EXT. BELLAGIO PARKING LOT - TOP LEVEL - 00:17 195
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: (fixing the pinch atop
dialog: his van)
dialog: Just give me a minute.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 117.
speaker_heading: 195 CONTINUED: 195
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON (V.O.)
dialog: We don't have a minute. Yen's
dialog: gonna pass out in thirteen
dialog: seconds.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: Then give me thirteen seconds.
text: And Basher leaps down to hook up the pinch's wires to his
text: van's engine.
scene_heading: 196 INT. MGM GRAND GARDEN ARENA - 00:10 196
text: The opening BELL RINGS -- round one. The fighters break
text: from their corners, feinting, jabbing...
text: Sitting ringside: Benedict looks at Tess and smiles as
text: she winces at the first sharp blow.
scene_heading: 197 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - BELOW ELEVATOR - 00:05 197
text: Peering down into blackness, Danny and Linus prepare to
dialog: let go any moment...
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: You ever rappelled before?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Never. You?
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Nope.
scene_heading: 198 EXT. BELLAGIO PARKING LOT - TOP LEVEL - 00:01 198
text: Basher finishes preparations.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: (into his mike)
dialog: Ready.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON (V.O.)
dialog: (over earpiece)
dialog: Then hit it.
text: Basher flips the switch. BOOM! A quick TREMOR, then
text: stillness. He picks a point on the horizon, like Babe
text: Ruth, and suddenly...
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: ... One...
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 118.
scene_heading: 199 HIGH ABOVE LAS VEGAS 199
text: whole blocks of lights disappear. Casinos vanishing one-
dialog: by-one.
speaker_heading: FLAMINGO
text: Every pink light vanishes.
speaker_heading: BELLAGIO
text: The fountain goes flaccid.
speaker_heading: BASHER (V.O.)
dialog: ... two, three...
scene_heading: NEW YORK, NEW YORK
text: The roller coaster stops dead; its passengers keep their
text: arms raised, not sure what to do.
scene_heading: 200 MGM GRAND GARDEN ARENA 200
text: Both fighters move in simultaneously, sweat flying, both
text: reach back, both going for the lights-out power cut to
text: the jaw, when... lights out.
speaker_heading: BASHER (V.O.)
dialog: ... four, five...
speaker_heading: 201 OMITTED 201
scene_heading: 202 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT 202
text: Blip -- out go the infrared sensors.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Now!
text: And he and Linus lean forward and fall...
text: 203 HURTLING WITH DANNY AND LINUS 203
text: DOWN the elevator shaft.
text: Upside down, heads curled, and all we hear is the WHOOSH
text: of their bodies in motion and the WHIRL of their CORDS
speaker_heading: UNCOILING.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 119.
speaker_heading: 203 CONTINUED: 203
speaker_heading: BASHER (V.O.)
dialog: ... six, seven.....
text: And now, looking STRAIGHT DOWN, the ground is rising up
text: fast to meet them, a flat slab of gray concrete -- fifty
dialog: feet, forty feet, thirty feet, twenty...
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: ... eight, nine...
dialog: And SNAP -- the CORDS reach their full extension, and
text: Danny and Linus bounce up, watching the floor recede.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Aaaaahhhhh!
scene_heading: 204 EXT. BELLAGIO PARKING LOT - TOP LEVEL - NIGHT 204
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: ... ten...
text: In the distance, lights come up again, first at the
text: Mirage, then the MGM, gradually approaching...
scene_heading: 205 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - BOTTOM 205
text: Coming to a rest about ten feet from the floor, Danny
text: quickly pulls a slim blade and slashes the two coils
text: straight across. He and Linus go tumbling to the floor
text: as their drop lines recoil lightning fast to their
text: elevator anchors, just before...
text: ... the infrared lights go back on-line.
scene_heading: 206 INT. MGM GRAND GARDEN ARENA 206
text: The lights suddenly flash back on, revealing...
text: ... both fighters standing, and Tyson takes advantage of
text: Lewis's disorientation and throws a sucker punch to his
text: jaw. Down goes Lewis, and up goes the crowd, roaring.
speaker_heading: REF
dialog: ... One, two, three...
text: Benedict makes a quick survey; the arena is apoplectic
dialog: from the blackout-knockout.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 120.
speaker_heading: 206 CONTINUED: 206
text: He cranes his neck, looking around the room, surveying
text: his empire: he smells a rat. His eyes fall on Reuben
text: behind him, but Reuben just shrugs: "I didn't pull the
dialog: plug."
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: The first goddamn round.
scene_heading: 207 EXT. BELLAGIO PARKING LOT - TOP LEVEL - NIGHT 207
text: All the lights are back on, and Basher observes his
text: achievement with great pride, his job complete.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: Viva Las Vegas.
scene_heading: 208 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - BOTTOM 208
text: Linus and Danny arise from where they've fallen,
text: clutching their heads and rubbing bruises. Danny doesn't
dialog: recover as quickly.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, but you're sweet to ask.
scene_heading: 209 INT. BELLAGIO VAULT 209
dialog: Lights are just flickering on here when...
text: ... the false lid of the cash cart thrust upward
text: slightly. It's Yen trying to get out, out of air and
text: only now alert to Saul's heavy case resting atop him.
scene_heading: 210 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - NIGHT 210
text: Livingston watches this on his monitors, just coming
text: back on, his finger poised on a play button, as Frank
text: comes in the door.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Are they in?
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: One second.
dialog: (a look at him)
dialog: I thought you got kicked out?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 121.
speaker_heading: 210 CONTINUED: 210
text: Frank shrugs. Suddenly one of the monitors aligns itself,
text: and Livingston presses play.
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR A
text: Overhead security-cam view of the vault corridor: the
text: three Uzi guards stand idly, on duty. And of the vault
text: itself: Yen trying to get out of the cash cart.
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR B
text: Overhead security-cam view of the vault corridor: the
text: three Uzi guards stand idly, on duty... and in totally
text: different positions. Of the vault: no cash cart, but no
dialog: Zerga briefcase, no Yen.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: This tape's from last night. Same
dialog: guards, same...
text: His eyes fixing on Saul's briefcase pushing closer to the
text: edge of the cash cart as Yen tries to free himself.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: ... shift.
scene_heading: 211 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 211
text: The room is abuzz with activity. The monitors here
text: flicker back on, too, displaying the images from monitor
text: B, but every watcher in the place is watching a table
dialog: because...
scene_heading: 212 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - NIGHT 212
text: ... the floor is going nuts. After the ten seconds of
text: darkness, all bets are off. Some players doubled-down
text: during the blackout, others miraculously halved their
text: bets. Consequently, Livingston's video feed switch goes
text: unnoticed.
speaker_heading: 213 OMITTED 213
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 122.
scene_heading: 214 INT. CORRIDOR/OUTSIDE VAULT 214
text: Danny and Linus pry open the elevator doors and squeeze
text: out. Just beyond the next doorway stand...
text: ... three UZI-CARRYING GUARDS, hovering outside the vault
text: door and wondering what the hell just happened to the
dialog: lights.
scene_heading: A215 INT. VAULT A215
text: Yen continues to push up on the cash cart lid, and the
text: more he pushes, the more Saul's briefcase slides off.
text: Yen stretches his hand out to grab it, but it's slid
text: beyond his reach, to the edge of falling.
scene_heading: B215 INT. CORRIDOR/OUTSIDE VAULT B215
text: The Uzi-Carrying Guards turn their backs to the elevator
dialog: shaft...
text: ... and Linus and Danny appear in the doorway; they both
text: snap gas pellets and slide them into the corridor.
scene_heading: UZI-CARRYING GUARD #1
dialog: (sniffing something)
dialog: Jesus, Ron, was that you?
scene_heading: 215 OUTSIDE VAULT CORRIDOR 215
text: Linus and Danny wait, Danny silently mouthing a three-
text: count before... THUD, THUD, THUD. They peer around the
dialog: corridor to find...
text: All three Uzi-carrying guards lie unconscious on the
text: ground. Linus starts in, Danny holds him back...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Not yet.
dialog: (a beat; another
dialog: beat; then)
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: 216 INT. VAULT CORRIDOR 216
text: Danny and Linus enter, waving the faint remnants of the
text: gas from their noses, tiptoeing past the guards' bodies.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: You think Yen made it out okay?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm sure he's fine.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 122A.
scene_heading: A217 INT. VAULT A217
text: Saul's briefcase inches closer to falling off the cash cart,
dialog: which of course would trigger the floor sensor and terminate
text: this heist here and now. Yen's hand stretches farther out to
text: grab it, pushing up just a little more on the false lid
dialog: until...
text: ... the briefcase tumbles toward the floor...
text: ... but not before Yen snags the handcuff chain attached to
text: it and swings it round. He's got it. That threat over, he
text: throws open the cash cart lid and takes the biggest breath
dialog: of his life.
scene_heading: B217 INT. VAULT CORRIDOR B217
text: Linus punches in the code for the door to the vault
text: anteroom (the one he stole from Benedict). He steps back
text: as it slides open, revealing --
text: -- the vault door: it is sleek and immense and
text: impregnable.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: (jaw dropping)
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: There's a Chinese man with a
dialog: hundred sixty million dollars
dialog: behind that door. Let's get him
dialog: out.
text: Danny takes a flat hand and slaps the door hard.
scene_heading: 217 INT. VAULT 217
text: Yen now sits perched atop the cash cart, Saul's briefcase
text: opened beside him (he has removed half of Lyman's
text: "emeralds"). He hears the muffled Danny's slaps and he
dialog: knows: it's time for his leap. It's the same distance
dialog: as the leap he made in the practice session, but this
dialog: time he's only got one good hand.
scene_heading: 218 INT. MIRADOR SUITE 218
text: Frank and Livingston watch nervously.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Fin says he shorts it.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: No bet.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 123.
scene_heading: 219 INT. VAULT 219
text: Yen prepares for his leap, then springs...
text: ... across the room, to the ledge he must grab...
text: ... and he grabs it, but with only one hand he's slipping
dialog: right away, and in a second he'll hit the sensored
dialog: floor...
text: ... but, in a flash, he spins and splits his legs,
text: propping himself up between two walls, inches above the
text: floor. An acrobatic wonder.
scene_heading: 220 INT. MIRADOR SUITE 220
text: Frank and Livingston exhale.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: (wishing he had bet)
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: 221 OUTSIDE VAULT 221
text: Danny, oblivious to this close call, slaps the door
text: again. A moment passes, then: Yen responds with a slap,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: 222 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - NIGHT 222
text: As Basher enters, Livingston and Frank watch on a monitor
text: Linus punching in the combination he stole from Benedict
text: as Danny unravels a thin electrical wire connected to a
dialog: detonator.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
text: There's still the five pins and
dialog: the floor sensor. Not much we can
dialog: do about that from this side of
dialog: the door. But from this side...
text: He punches up the image of Yen in the vault.
speaker_heading: BASHER
dialog: ... a little bit of Semtex should
dialog: do the trick.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 124.
scene_heading: 223 INT. VAULT 223
text: Yen sets the last of Lyman's emeralds against the vault
text: door like a plastic explosive... which, of course, it is.
text: He affixes a detonator receiver (the size of a golf ball
text: pencil) to it, then slaps the door twice: all set.
scene_heading: A224 OUTSIDE VAULT A224
text: Danny responds with two slaps of his own. He steps
text: back, detonator in hand, its wires attached to the vault
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Counting down from twenty --
dialog: (checking watch)
dialog: -- now.
scene_heading: B224 INT. VAULT B224
text: Yen starts his retreat from the door, but gets yanked
dialog: back.
text: His hand's bandage is caught on the door.
speaker_heading: C224 OUTSIDE VAULT C224
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: -- seventeen, sixteen, fifteen --
scene_heading: D224 INT. VAULT D224
text: Yen tries to free himself, but he can't use his other
text: hand lest he drop to the floor. He tries gnawing at
text: his bandage, which brings his face within inches of a
dialog: plastic explosive.
scene_heading: E224 OUTSIDE VAULT E224
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: -- eleven, ten, nine --
scene_heading: F224 INT. MIRADOR SUITE F224
text: Livingston et al. are alert to the danger.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: (into his mike)
dialog: Linus, can you read me? Linus,
dialog: do not blow the door, you're
text: about to kill Yen.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 124A.
scene_heading: G224 OUTSIDE VAULT G224
text: Linus hears nothing through his earpiece.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: -- five, four, three --
scene_heading: H224 INT. VAULT H224
text: Yen finally frees himself just as --
text: -- ZOOMING INTO a plastic explosive --
scene_heading: I-224 OUTSIDE VAULT I-224
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: -- one --
text: He presses his detonator.
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: J224 INT. VAULT J224
text: Yen, still on the door, remains frozen. Trembling.
text: A beat.
text: Then, he starts to creep back, leaping onto a money
text: shelf, then another, as far from the explosives as he
dialog: can get.
scene_heading: K224 OUTSIDE VAULT K224
text: Danny presses it again. Still nothing.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don't know.
text: Linus comes over to look.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: You check the batteries?
text: Danny blanches. Linus shoots him a look.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 124B.
scene_heading: 224 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - NIGHT 224
text: Livingston, Frank, and Basher watch the monitors in
dialog: disbelief...
text: Saul enters, alive and dressed as himself again. His
dialog: job is complete.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Everything going okay?
scene_heading: 225 INT. VAULT CORRIDOR - OUTSIDE VAULT 225
text: As Danny checks his batteries (the types with built-in
text: power meters: both at zero percent), Linus ransacks the
text: Uzi-carrying Guards' gear for replacements. He finds
text: AA's in their flashlights.
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: You know, you lose focus for one
dialog: second in this game --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: -- and someone gets hurt, yeah
dialog: yeah. I don't hear Yen complaining.
text: He takes the batteries, inserts them in his detonator,
text: then slaps the door twice more.
scene_heading: A226 INT. VAULT A226
text: Yen catches his breath on the far end of the room. He
text: hears the slap, rolls his eyes, and ducks out of the
text: line of fire.
scene_heading: B226 OUTSIDE VAULT B226
text: Danny presses the detonator.
scene_heading: C226 INT. VAULT C226
text: The "EMERALDS" EXPLODE.
scene_heading: D226 OUTSIDE VAULT D226
text: Several MUTED but powerful BLASTS.
text: Linus inches forward, almost dreading this moment,
dialog: pauses...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 124C.
speaker_heading: D226 CONTINUED: D226
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Do it.
text: Linus pulls... and the door opens.
scene_heading: 226 INT. VAULT 226
text: Danny and Linus enter. Silence. The cash carts have
text: crumpled, and the vault gratings, blackened, have held.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Amazing?
text: Linus goes to one of the racks and tentatively opens
dialog: it...
text: Yen pops up from within, his hair on end, looking like he
text: just dropped out of a cyclone.
speaker_heading: YEN
dialog: (his only English)
dialog: Where the fuck you been?
scene_heading: 227 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - NIGHT 227
text: Livingston, Frank, Saul, and Basher watch as the first
text: wave of bills gets tossed onto the vault floor. Smiles
dialog: all around.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: Ever been in love?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (considers it for
dialog: a moment)
dialog: No, I guess not. Not really.
speaker_heading: SAUL
dialog: This is better.
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: 228 INT. CASINO - OUTSIDE FIGHT ARENA 228
text: Rusty steps forward as people stream past him out of the
text: fight arena. He dials his cell phone, listens...
scene_heading: 229 INT. MGM GRAND GARDEN ARENA 229
text: MOVING WITH Benedict and Tess, pushing their way out
text: through the crowd. A PHONE is RINGING nearby... again
dialog: and again...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: You gonna answer it?
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: I don't have a cell phone.
text: They keep moving, but the RING pursues them. Finally,
text: Benedict stops, pulls Tess's purse from her shoulder and
text: opens it: inside, he finds a CELL PHONE, RINGING.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: It isn't mine.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: See who's on the other end.
text: She takes the phone, activates it.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: May I have a word with Mr.
dialog: Benedict, please?
text: Tess looks up, confused.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: It's for you.
text: Benedict takes the phone.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Who the hell is this?
speaker_heading: ON RUSTY
text: in the distance, at the arena's exit, unseen by Benedict
dialog: or Tess, on the phone...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: The man who's robbing you.
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: 230 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 230
text: Benedict enters, and fear enters with him. And, of
text: course, Tess. As the room buzzes with activity, he keeps
text: the cell phone pressed to his ear.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: What the hell is going on down
dialog: there in the vault?
speaker_heading: FAT
dialog: Nothing, sir. All normal.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Show me.
text: Fat points to the security-cam view of the vault corridor
dialog: and vault -- Livingston's tape.
speaker_heading: FAT
dialog: All quiet.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (on phone,
dialog: venomously)
dialog: I'm afraid you're mistaken.
scene_heading: 231 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - NIGHT 231
text: Frank, Basher and Saul watch over Livingston's shoulder
text: as this phone conversation is broadcast over a small
dialog: speaker.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: You're watching your monitor?
dialog: Okay, keep watching.
dialog: Livingston punches in numbers...
scene_heading: 232 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY - 232
scene_heading: ON FAT'S MONITOR
text: New images suddenly appear. Three masked men in the
text: vault throw stacks of money onto the floor; the three Uzi
text: Guards lie bound and unconscious in the corridor.
text: The security center, understandably, erupts in activity.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Jesus Christ...
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 127.
scene_heading: 233 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - NIGHT 233
text: Rusty strolls so casually there's no reason anyone
dialog: passing would suspect he was doing more than ordering a
dialog: pizza.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: In this town, your luck can change
dialog: just that quickly.
scene_heading: 234 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER 234
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (close to apoplectic,
text: takes a breath and
text: cups the phone, then
dialog: barks at Walsh)
dialog: Find out how much money we have
dialog: down there.
text: Tess, amid all this chaos, is still curious: how did
dialog: that cell phone get into her handbag? And suddenly it
dialog: hits her...
scene_heading: A235 FLASHBACK - INT. RESTAURANT - EARLIER THAT EVENING A235
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Good-bye.
text: Danny starts for her cheek, stops to see if it's alright
text: with her -- she, sad-eyed, does not recoil -- and then
text: gently kisses it...
text: ... as he slips the cell phone into her handbag,
text: unnoticed.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Alright. You've proved your
dialog: point. You've broken into my
dialog: vault. Congratulations: you're a
dialog: dead man.
text: Tess leaves.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: May I ask: how do you expect to
dialog: leave here, hmm?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 235 INT. CASINO FLOOR 235
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Do you believe I'll simply allow
dialog: you to parade bags full of my
dialog: money out my casino doors?
text: A distance beyond Rusty, Tess exits the cages. She
text: stops, puzzling over what to do, happens to spot him.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: No. You're gonna carry it out for
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (has to laugh)
dialog: And why would I do that?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Take a closer look at your
dialog: monitor...
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 128A.
scene_heading: 236 INT. SECURITY CENTER 236
text: Benedict does. As the three masked men stuff money into
text: large canvas bags and mark the bags with X's, another
text: portion of cash remains untouched, booby-trapped.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: As your manager's probably
dialog: reporting to you by now, you have
dialog: a little over a hundred sixty
dialog: million in your vault tonight.
text: And, as if Rusty was in the room watching, Walsh
text: approaches with the night's cash count: $163,156,759.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: You may notice: we're only
dialog: packing up about half that. The
dialog: other half we're leaving in your
text: vault, booby-trapped, as a
dialog: hostage.
scene_heading: 237 INT. CASINO FLOOR 237
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: You let our eighty million go, and
dialog: you get to keep your eighty.
dialog: That's the deal. You try and stop
dialog: us, we'll blow both cash loads.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: 237 CONTINUED: 237
text: He spins and -- gasp -- comes face-to-face with Tess.
text: She stares at him directly: she knows.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (holding her glance)
dialog: Mr. Benedict: you can lose eighty
dialog: million dollars secretly tonight
dialog: or you can lose a hundred sixty
dialog: million dollars publicly. It's
dialog: your decision.
text: He cups the phone.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Hi.
scene_heading: 238 INT. SECURITY CENTER 238
text: Benedict cups his phone, too, and vents his rage. He
dialog: knows what he should do -- let the money go -- and he
dialog: knows what he wants to do -- stop these sonsabitches. He
dialog: makes his choice...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (to Walsh)
dialog: Make the call.
text: Walsh grabs a phone, punches numbers...
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: 911. Emergency response...
scene_heading: 239 INT. MIRADOR SUITE - NIGHT 239
text: Livingston listens in on the call...
speaker_heading: WALSH (V.O.)
dialog: Hello, this is Mr. Walsh at the
dialog: Bellagio.
scene_heading: 240 INT. SECURITY CENTER 240
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: We have an incident here...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (uncupping his
dialog: phone)
dialog: Okay. You have a deal.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 130.
scene_heading: 241 INT. CASINO FLOOR 241
text: Tess and Rusty hold a stare as Rusty holds the phone.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Where's Danny?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: He's fine. He wants you to go
text: upstairs, and watch TV.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: (a little pissed)
dialog: He does?
speaker_heading: BENEDICT (V.O.)
dialog: You have a deal.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: It's alright, Tess. I promise.
dialog: (back on phone)
dialog: Good. Here's what you do. Five
text: minutes from now, the men in the
dialog: vault are going to deposit six
text: bags in the vault elevator.
text: Tess isn't sure what to do. As Rusty continues on the
text: phone, she backs off, debating: can she blow the whistle
dialog: on her ex?
scene_heading: 242 INT. VAULT ELEVATOR - CLOSE ON SIX CANVAS BAGS 242
text: each sealed tight, each marked with an X, loaded onto
text: the vault elevator.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: If they meet anyone, we'll blow
dialog: the money in the bags and the
text: money in the vault.
scene_heading: 243 INT. CAGE - OUTSIDE VAULT ELEVATOR 243
text: A small cadre of guards await the arrival of the vault
text: elevator. Its doors open to reveal the six large canvas
text: bags, each sealed tight, marked with an X.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: One minute after that, the
dialog: elevator will rise to your cages.
dialog: Six of your guards will pick up
text: the bags and carry them out into
dialog: the casino.
text: Six guards do precisely that.
dialog: 131.
scene_heading: 244 INT. CASINO - NIGHT 244
text: MOVING WITH Rusty PAST slot machines...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: If they take more than twenty
text: seconds to reach the casino floor
dialog: or if there's any indication a
dialog: switch has been made, we'll blow
dialog: the money in the vault and the
text: money in the bags.
text: A SLOT MACHINE RINGS behind him...
scene_heading: 245 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 245
text: ... and Benedict hears it.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (to Walsh)
text: He's in the casino right now.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: Of course, I'm in the casino. In
dialog: fact, I'm staying in your hotel.
dialog: And I have two words for you:
dialog: mini-bar.
dialog: (back to business)
dialog: Now as soon as your guards hit the
dialog: casino floor...
scene_heading: 246 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - NIGHT 246
text: The six guards appear from the cage door, carrying six
text: canvas bags marked with X's; Bellagio security escorts
text: them from the building.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
text: ... a white unmarked van is going
dialog: to pull up in your valet station.
scene_heading: 247 EXT. BELLAGIO CASINO - NIGHT 247
text: The white VAN (now clean of the "Nevada Telecom" sign)
text: IDLES before the Bellagio, its windows tinted, the
text: driver's identity inscrutable. It is swarmed by
text: security, but they maintain a wide perimeter.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: Your guards will load the bags
text: into the van's rear. If anyone so
text: much as approaches the driver's
dialog: door, we blow everything.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 132.
speaker_heading: 247 CONTINUED: 247
text: The guards carry out the money and load it into the van's
text: rear. There, they find a video camera mounted within the
text: back seat of the van monitoring them. Still they cannot
text: catch a glimpse of the driver. They close the van doors.
scene_heading: 248 BELLAGIO - FROM HIGH ABOVE 248
text: The white van departs the valet station in front,
text: clandestinely shadowed by five sedans. Meanwhile, behind
text: the casino, a SWAT van arrives and unloads its squad.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT (V.O.)
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: Now, when I get word that the van
dialog: hasn't been followed, that the
dialog: money is secure, my men will exit
dialog: the building, and once their
dialog: safety is confirmed, you'll get
dialog: your vault back.
scene_heading: 249 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 249
text: Walsh mouths to Benedict: "SWAT team is here." Benedict
text: nods and throws him a thumbs-up.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Sir, I have complied with your
dialog: every request, would you agree?
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: I would.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Good. Now I have one of my own.
speaker_heading: RUSTY (V.O.)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (at last, his venom
dialog: released)
dialog: Run and hide. If you get picked
dialog: up next week buying a $100,000
dialog: sports car in Newport Beach, I'll
dialog: be supremely disappointed.
dialog: Because I want my people to find
dialog: you. And rest assured: when they
dialog: do, they won't hand you over to
dialog: the police.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Run and hide. That's all I ask.
dialog: And during the above rant by Benedict, we view...
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 133.
speaker_heading: 250 MIRADOR SUITE 250
text: now empty, Livingston's monitors still displaying the
text: masked men in the vault.
speaker_heading: 251 WHITE VAN 251
text: navigating the streets of Las Vegas.
speaker_heading: 252 FIVE SEDANS 252
text: tailing the van, security goons piled into each, and
dialog: maybe we NOTICE (or maybe not) the Rolls-Royce tailing
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: 253 TESS 253
text: pacing in Benedict's suite, biting her nails, debating
text: whether to blow the whistle on Danny. ON TV: a newscast
text: of the contentious aftermath of the prize fight.
speaker_heading: A254 UZI GUARDS, A254
text: bound and unarmed, unconscious to the activity within the
dialog: vault.
scene_heading: 254 RUSTY'S CELL PHONE 254
text: opened and unmanned.
speaker_heading: A255 BENEDICT A255
text: listens -- the line has gone dead. He hangs up.
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: Our guys say the van is headed
text: toward McCarren Airport.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Get everyone in position. I want
dialog: my vault back before that van hits
text: the tarmac.
scene_heading: LONGER MONTAGE now, CUTTING BETWEEN:
speaker_heading: 255 SWAT TEAM 255
text: (six in all) hustling through the cage corridors, armed
text: to the teeth, with body armor and helmets and vision
text: guards: they're as faceless as storm troopers.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 134.
scene_heading: 256 WHITE VAN CONVOY 256
text: as it approaches McCarren Airport.
scene_heading: 257 MONITORS OF THE VAULT 257
text: The three masked men pace beside the booby-trapped money.
scene_heading: A258 INT. SECURITY CENTER A258
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (on second
dialog: inspection)
dialog: Where's Zerga?
dialog: (off Walsh's sheepish
dialog: look)
dialog: Mr. Zerga? With the briefcase?
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: He's -- he died.
text: Benedict shoots him a slow, sideways glance.
speaker_heading: 258 SWAT TEAM 258
text: rappelling down the elevator shaft -- its ultraviolet
text: sensors turned off by Walsh -- then moving into
dialog: position...
scene_heading: 259 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 259
speaker_heading: SWAT LEADER (V.O.)
dialog: (over radio, on
dialog: monitor)
text: Night goggles on. Prepare to cut
dialog: power.
text: Fat mans the power switch.
speaker_heading: FAT
dialog: Ready when you are.
text: Benedict scours the monitors: The masked men continue to
text: pace on one screen. The SWAT team prepares to invade on
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Do it.
speaker_heading: SWAT LEADER (V.O.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Cut it.
text: Fat flips the power switch.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 135.
scene_heading: 260 INT. MIRADOR SUITE 260
text: Livingston's monitors all go black.
scene_heading: 261 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 261
text: The monitors here go black as well. Benedict listens
text: closely to the SWAT frequency.
speaker_heading: SWAT FREQUENCY (V.O.)
dialog: (Leader's voice)
dialog: First wave, in! Second wave, now!
dialog: (there is RUNNING,
text: PANTING, then Linus's
text: voice, distant and
dialog: panicked)
dialog: Guys, someone's here!
dialog: (Leader's voice)
dialog: Take him down! Now!
text: A brief SPURT of GUNFIRE, then... BARRROOOOOOM!
text: Dead silence in the Eye in the Sky. Slim stares deep
text: into a monitor's dark pitch. Then...
speaker_heading: SWAT FREQUENCY (V.O.)
dialog: (Leader's voice)
dialog: Lights! We need power now!
text: Fat flips the power back on, and on the monitors...
text: ... visions of destruction down below... smoke fills the
text: vault as two SWAT members push through it... other SWAT
text: members help evacuate the unconscious guards...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (into intercom)
dialog: What's the situation down there?
speaker_heading: SWAT LEADER (V.O.)
dialog: They blew it. They blew the...
dialog: Oh, Jesus... If there was anyone
dialog: in there, they're not in one piece
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (to Walsh, soberly)
dialog: Tell them to take the van. I'm
dialog: going down there.
dialog: (as an afterthought,
dialog: to Slim)
dialog: Find out how they fiddled with our
dialog: cameras.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 135A.
scene_heading: 262 EXT. McCARREN AIRPORT - NIGHT 262
text: As the white van arrives at a charter airline's entrance,
text: the five sedans converge upon it, TIRES SCREECHING, Goons
text: emerging, weapons drawn.
speaker_heading: HEAD GOON
dialog: Get out of the van, now! Now!
text: No response within the van. The Head Goon signals and
text: the others SHOOT the van's tires.
dialog: 136.
scene_heading: 263 INT. CIRCUITRY ROOM 263
text: Slim investigates the Eye in the Sky's wiring. Reaching
text: deep into a mesh, he finds a foreign object:
dialog: Livingston's "spider."
scene_heading: 264 INT. VAULT CORRIDOR 264
text: The vault elevator doors open and Terry Benedict makes
text: his way into his smoke-filled vault corridor. He passes
text: the Uzi Guards, awake now and stumbling to the elevator
text: with SWAT members' assistance, then arrives before his
dialog: decimated vault: Anything within -- people, money, Lyman
text: Zerga's emeralds -- could only have been destroyed.
scene_heading: OVER SWAT LEADER'S SHOULDER
text: as he approaches Benedict.
speaker_heading: SWAT LEADER
dialog: Mr. Benedict...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SWAT LEADER
dialog: We couldn't find any survivors.
dialog: Or, I'm afraid, any of your money.
dialog: I'm sorry, sir.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (doesn't want to hear
dialog: anymore; the SWAT
dialog: team failed him)
dialog: Take your men out now.
text: HOLD ON Benedict, seething, as the SWAT Leader steps
dialog: away...
speaker_heading: SWAT LEADER
dialog: Okay, guys, grab your gear and
dialog: clear out.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (into walkie-talkie he
dialog: has with him)
dialog: Walsh: How are we with the van?
scene_heading: 265 EXT. McCARREN AIRPORT - NIGHT 265
text: The stalemate with the van continues. Still no movement
text: from inside.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 137.
speaker_heading: 265 CONTINUED: 265
speaker_heading: HEAD GOON
dialog: Out of the van now! Hands up!
text: An EMPLOYEE from the charter airline sticks his head out
text: of his office door.
speaker_heading: EMPLOYEE
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: Hey, what's going on here?
text: Half-a-dozen firearms turn and point in his direction.
text: The Employee disappears back inside his office.
text: The Head Goon cautiously approaches the van, reaches for
text: the driver's door, and yanks it open...
text: Inside: There is no driver. Just a video camera mounted
text: at eye-level. The Head Goon cranes back his head,
text: befuddled, when he notices for the first time (and maybe
text: we do, too) an enormous antenna sprouting from the van's
text: rear bumper.
text: The van suddenly lurches.
scene_heading: 266 SHORT DISTANCE AWAY - CLOSE ON REMOTE CONTROL 266
text: complete with a tiny video monitor (displaying the van
text: driver's POV) and a steering mechanism -- it's a near-
dialog: replica of the one Virgil Malloy used in the monster
text: truck drag race against his brother.
text: And Virgil's using it now, too, as he sits next to Reuben
text: Tishkoff in one of Reuben's Rolls and watches the Goons
text: scramble back from the flat-tired van.
speaker_heading: TISHKOFF
dialog: Enough monkey business.
text: Virgil brings the van to a stop, then readies a
text: distinctive red button on his remote.
scene_heading: 267 BACK WITH VAN 267
text: As the Head Goon reaches for the rear door, his hand
dialog: inches away when...
text: ... BARROOOOM! The door EXPLODES open!
text: Knocked on his ass, the Head Goon watches as the canvas
text: "X" bags within burn to cinders. He does, however,
text: happen to notice one burning shred of paper dislodged
dialog: from a bag: It's a promotional flier for a call girl
dialog: service.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 138.
scene_heading: 268 INT. BELLAGIO VAULT - NIGHT 268
text: Benedict steps over the scattered remains of his vault.
text: He picks up a fragment of a cash cart, burnt to a crisp,
text: then lets it drop.
speaker_heading: WALSH (V.O.)
dialog: (over walkie-talkie)
dialog: Mr. Benedict...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: WALSH (V.O.)
dialog: They took the van.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: WALSH (V.O.)
dialog: (hesitantly, this is
dialog: bad news)
dialog: And they blew up the bags, sir.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (dropping his walkie-
dialog: talkie to his side)
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: WALSH (V.O.)
dialog: Sir... sir...
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: What, Walsh?
speaker_heading: WALSH (V.O.)
dialog: They say it doesn't look like
dialog: there was any money in the bags,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: WALSH (V.O.)
dialog: They say the bags were filled with
dialog: fliers. For hookers.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: What do you mean there was no
dialog: money in the bags?
speaker_heading: WALSH (V.O.)
dialog: That's what they said, sir. I
dialog: don't understand it: we both saw
dialog: them putting money inside those
dialog: bags.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: 268 CONTINUED: 268
text: Benedict stops cold. He stares up at a wall where an
text: engraved sign reading "Bellagio" has been smoke-stained.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
text: Walsh, cue up the tape of the
dialog: robbery.
scene_heading: 269 INT. BELLAGIO SECURITY CENTER - EYE IN THE SKY 269
text: Walsh stands before several monitors as Slim cues up the
dialog: "masked men robbing the vault" image of a few minutes ago
text: beside the present image of Benedict staring at the vault
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT (V.O.)
dialog: Does it say 'Bellagio' on the
dialog: south wall of the vault?
text: In the masked-men image it does not, in fact, say
dialog: "Bellagio" there.
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: (on walkie-talkie)
dialog: No, sir. It doesn't. I -- I
dialog: don't understand...
scene_heading: 270 INT. VAULT 270
text: Benedict exhales.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: We had that installed on Tuesday.
dialog: The image we saw of the men
dialog: robbing us was a tape.
speaker_heading: WALSH (V.O.)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Someone built a double of my
dialog: vault, then made a tape of them
dialog: robbing it. When we saw them
dialog: putting money in those bags, that
dialog: wasn't actually happening.
scene_heading: 271 INT. SECURITY CENTER 271
text: Walsh's jaw drops as he watches the tape again.
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: Then, sir...
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 140.
scene_heading: 272 INT. BELLAGIO VAULT - NIGHT 272
dialog: Benedict is absolutely fucking furious.
speaker_heading: WALSH (V.O.)
dialog: ... what happened to all the
dialog: money?
scene_heading: 273 INT. BELLAGIO CASINO - CLOSE ON SWAT DUFFEL BAG - NIGHT 273
text: carried through the Bellagio casino, held by the SWAT
text: Leader leading his men out (now eight in all), and at
text: last we PULL UP to see his face for the first time...
text: It's Rusty, in full regalia, leading Livingston, Turk,
text: Saul, Frank, Basher, Yen and Linus out of the casino,
text: each dressed as a SWAT member, each carrying a duffel bag
text: with nearly $20 million dollars inside.
text: As we PASS each man, under the HUM OF the CASINO, we see:
scene_heading: 274 FLASHBACK - INT. MIRADOR SUITE - LIVINGSTON 274
text: takes the call from Walsh in the Mirador suite as Basher,
text: Saul, and Frank dress behind him.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: 9-1-1. Emergency response.
speaker_heading: 275 TURK 275
text: dressed as a SWAT member, hustles down a cage corridor.
speaker_heading: 276 SAUL 276
text: has trouble rappelling with the rest.
speaker_heading: 277 BASHER 277
text: takes position next to Rusty at the elevator shaft's
text: bottom. They're on-camera, but just a few feet away and
text: (off-camera) Danny sits smiling.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: (hiding his voice)
dialog: Prepare to cut power!
speaker_heading: 278 YEN 278
text: lights a short fuse leading into the vault...
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 4/16/01 141.
speaker_heading: 279 LINUS 279
text: feigns hysteria...
speaker_heading: LINUS
dialog: Guys, someone's here!
speaker_heading: 280 RUSTY 280
text: FIRES a SPURT of BLANKS.
dialog: BARRROOOOM! No one is hurt. Nor is the money, stacked
text: neatly in a corridor, ready to be packed into the phony
text: SWAT team bags, body armor, etc.
scene_heading: 281 EXT. BELLAGIO CASINO - NIGHT (PRESENT) 281
text: The SWAT team exits and boards the second vehicle Turk
dialog: and Virgil have been working on all this time, the one in
text: the warehouse with an air freshener hanging from its
text: rearview mirror: it's a replica of a SWAT van.
text: Turk takes the wheel as the others jump in the back.
text: Rusty flips open another cell phone...
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Las Vegas P.D. This is Officer
dialog: Brooks, New Jersey Probation
dialog: Division. I have a violator in
dialog: your jurisdiction...
dialog: (cupping phone)
dialog: Hit it.
text: Turk hits the gas and the VEHICLE PEELS away, carrying its
text: cadre of new multi-millionaires far away from the
dialog: Bellagio Hotel and Casino.
scene_heading: 282 INT. BELLAGIO VAULT 282
text: Benedict squats down to inspect a burnt scrap of paper on
text: the vault floor. It's a flier for a strip joint.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (and it finally occurs
dialog: to him)
dialog: Ocean...
scene_heading: 283 INT. CAGE/HALLWAY - MOVING WITH BENEDICT 283
text: Heated, he approaches the interrogation room, where his
text: Plainclothes Goons keep watch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 4/16/01 141A.
speaker_heading: 283 CONTINUED: (A1) 283
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Where's Ocean?
scene_heading: PLAINCLOTHES GOON #1
dialog: Still inside, sir. With Bruiser.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 142.
speaker_heading: 283 CONTINUED: 283
text: Benedict straightens his cuffs, cools himself, then:
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Open that door.
scene_heading: 284 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM 284
text: Bruiser throws a mean left hook across Danny's face as
text: the door swings open and Benedict steps in. Bruiser sees
text: him and steps away, toweling off his bloodied knuckles.
text: Benedict studies Danny: the man is a bloody mess, head
text: rolling, eyes puffed up.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Wake him up.
text: The Goons step in, slap Danny alert. At last, Danny
text: recognizes Benedict in the room.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (a little punchy)
dialog: Heya, Benedict... How's the other
dialog: fight going?
dialog: Benedict keeps his cool.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Did you have a hand in this?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Did you?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Did I have a hand in what?
text: Benedict scrutinizes Danny: Is he bluffing? He looks at
text: Bruiser, then Danny again, and decides: no.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Get him out of here.
text: As the Goons scoop him up and drag him out, Danny catches
text: Bruiser's eye for just a moment. And barely winks.
scene_heading: 285 INT. BENEDICT'S SUITE 285
text: The PHONE RINGS. Tess plucks it up.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 143.
speaker_heading: 285 CONTINUED: 285
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (if you must know,
dialog: it's Livingston's)
dialog: Turn to Channel 88.
text: CLICK. Tess does so.
text: On her TV: A security-angle of the cage hallway. The
text: Goons appear, escorting bloodied Danny out.
text: As Tess gasps, we go live to...
scene_heading: 286 INT. CAGE/HALLWAY 286
text: Where Benedict follows the Goons and Danny out, brooding:
text: what's his next step? Walsh approaches.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You get robbed or something,
dialog: Benedict? Geez, that's a shame.
text: Benedict looks up, suspicious.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Stop there.
text: The Goons stop, spin Danny around to face Benedict.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Where. Is. My. Money.
text: They hold each other's eye.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What would you say if I told you
dialog: you could get your money back...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... if you gave up Tess?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What would you say?
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I would say yes.
scene_heading: 287 INT. BENEDICT'S SUITE 287
text: She's crestfallen.
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 144.
scene_heading: 288 INT. CAGE/HALLWAY 288
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Well, that's very interesting...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... but I didn't have anything to
dialog: do with it.
text: He grins. Benedict sinks.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: (to his Goons)
dialog: Escort Mr. Ocean to the exit. And
dialog: contact the police. I would
dialog: imagine Mr. Ocean is in violation
dialog: of his parole.
scene_heading: 289 INT. BENEDICT'S SUITE - ON TV 289
text: The Goons haul Danny out. Tess has left, heartbeats ago:
text: the room's door is just closing.
scene_heading: A290 INT. CAGE/HALLWAY A290
speaker_heading: WALSH
dialog: Maybe we should have held him.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: No. Follow him. Everywhere.
scene_heading: 290 INT. CASINO FLOOR - OUTSIDE CAGES 290
text: Benedict exits. Takes in his casino. It's been a bad
text: night: he's down a hundred fifty million. He starts
dialog: for...
scene_heading: 291 INT. CASINO FLOOR - ELEVATOR BAY 291
text: As he arrives, the elevator doors open and Tess steps
text: out. She breezes right past him.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: Tess...
dialog: (as she doesn't
dialog: stop)
dialog: Tess?
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: You of all people should know,
dialog: Terry: in your hotel, there's
dialog: always someone watching.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 145.
speaker_heading: 291 CONTINUED: 291
text: She keeps going. Benedict, now down a hundred fifty
text: million and one woman, boards the elevator. Its doors
text: close on him.
scene_heading: 292 EXT. ALLEY/VACANT WAREHOUSE - EARLY MORNING 292
text: The SWAT van rounds a corner and ducks inside the
dialog: warehouse.
text: Three-and-a-half seconds pass.
text: And the eight SWAT members reappear, now all in suits,
text: perfectly pressed, and with grins on their faces and
text: change in their pockets, they begin their victory stroll,
text: single-file and sloppy... right down the...
scene_heading: 293 STRIP - MOVING WITH THEM 293
text: Turk, Livingston, Frank, Basher, Yen, Saul, Linus and
text: Rusty march down the strip single-file, and when they
dialog: come to an intersection...
text: ... Virgil and Reuben, also in suits, fall into stride
text: for a victory lap in front of the Bellagio fountains.
text: Then, one-by-one, the group splinters off, strolling into
text: different hotels or grabbing cabs, until there are only
text: two left: Rusty and Linus.
text: They take each other in, shake hands, and part.
scene_heading: 294 EXT. BELLAGIO CASINO - NIGHT 294
text: Tess exits, searching for Danny. She rounds the building
dialog: to...
scene_heading: 295 EXT. SERVICE ENTRANCE 295
text: Where a LVPD squad car has just arrived to take goon-held
text: Danny away. She runs toward it.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Wait!
text: They do. As Danny is handcuffed and prepared for loading
text: in the back, he and Tess hold each other's glance.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 145A.
speaker_heading: 295 CONTINUED: 295
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Danny...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I knew what I was doing.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: I didn't.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 146.
speaker_heading: 295 CONTINUED: 295
text: A cop lowers Danny's head as he directs him into his
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: How long will you be?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: Three to six months, I should
dialog: think.
text: The squad car door closes him in and Tess stands vigil as
text: it pulls away.
scene_heading: 296 ACROSS STREET 296
text: Rusty watches Danny being driven back to prison, too.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 297 EXT. FRONT GATE - MINIMUM-SECURITY PRISON - DAY 297
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: THREE TO SIX MONTHS LATER.
text: The great metal gate opens once more, revealing Danny
text: Ocean in its frame again, ready for release.
text: He looks forward -- no one's there to greet him, and the
text: view of New Jersey looks no brighter than it did before.
dialog: He takes his first step into free America...
text: ... to discover Rusty leaning against the prison wall.
text: Beyond him sits his second-hand Mercedes from L.A.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Looking for someone?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Thirteen million and you drive
dialog: that piece of shit cross country
dialog: to pick me up?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Hello to you, too.
text: They shakes hands. Rusty looks Danny over.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Your hair's grayer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 147.
scene_heading: 297 CONTINUED: 297
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Your eyes got closer together.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How's life?
speaker_heading: RUSTY
text: Life... is a roomful of pillows.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: C'mon...
text: MOVING WITH Danny and Rusty toward the Mercedes, together
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: Where do you want to go first?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: To a phone.
dialog: Rusty had anticipated this.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: I stopped and picked up your
dialog: personal effects, put them in the
dialog: back seat.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: My what?
text: Danny gets to the passenger door and looks in to see Tess
text: sitting in the back. She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (smiling back,
dialog: then)
dialog: I'm not sure these belong to me.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Sure they do.
text: Danny and Rusty get in. Danny kisses Tess. Rusty STARTS
speaker_heading: the CAR.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We need to find Rusty a girl.
speaker_heading: RUSTY
dialog: There's a women's prison just down
dialog: the road...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01 148.
speaker_heading: 297 CONTINUED: (2) 297
text: He drives off. In the back, Danny takes Tess's hand in
text: his. Notices a silver wedding band on it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You said you sold this.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: That's what I said.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Liar.
speaker_heading: TESS
dialog: Thief.
text: As they drive away...
text: ... another car STARTS its ENGINE begins to follow. At
text: the wheel: Benedict's goons.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
