speaker_heading: OKJA
dialog: Written by
dialog: Bong Joon Ho and Jon Ronson
scene_heading: INT. CEO OFFICE, MIRANDO COMPANY HEADQUARTERS, MANHATTAN -
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: SUBTITLES: 10 years ago. 2006.
text: An expansive, modern CEO office. Late afternoon sunlight
text: pierces the 74th floor of the Mirando Company. The company's
text: green tree logo covers one of the walls.
text: A woman stands at the window, her back filling the SCREEN.
text: She looks down at the lesser Manhattan skyscrapers. This is
speaker_heading: LUCY MIRANDO (40s).
text: On the window are arrows pointing at the various Mirando
dialog: subsidiaries scattered throughout Manhattan: Mirando Organic
dialog: Harvesting, Mirando Peachy Delight Baking Company, Mirando
dialog: Chemicals, Mirando Tenderloin Fine Dining Supplies, Mirando
dialog: Biotech, Mirando Hungry Pirates Burgers, Mirando
dialog: Transformatives, Mirando Happy Pups Good Boy! Treats.
text: Lucy's breath mists over the arrows. She mumbles to herself
text: in a small voice, practicing some kind of speech.
text: A hand reaches in - holding a cosmetics brush - and begins to
text: gently brush Lucy's face.
text: From 0.S a spray of HAIR SPRAY coats Lucy's hair.
text: WIDE: Lucy is surrounded by a MAKEUP ARTIST, a HAIR STYLIST
text: and MIRANDO COMPANY EMPLOYEES, including Lucy's senior
speaker_heading: assistant FRANK DAWSON (60).
speaker_heading: MAKE-UP WOMAN
dialog: I'm a huge fan.
text: Lucy looks at her, surprised.
speaker_heading: MAKE-UP WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Of your Tenderloin Fricassee ready
dialog: meal.
text: They both glance at an ADVERTISING POSTER framed on the wall -
text: a photograph of a FARMER gently stroking a cow's face. The
text: slogan: THE SECRET INGREDIENT IN OUR TENDERLOINS? TENDERNESS.
speaker_heading: MAKE-UP WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: So what's all this about? The
dialog: reporters out there...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Ms. Mirando doesn't want to have a
dialog: conversation right now, dear.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: It's okay, Frank. I'm not my
dialog: sister!
dialog: (To the Make-Up Lady)
dialog: I am announcing a miracle.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM, MIRANDO COMPANY HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: The conference room is packed with REPORTERS and TV CREWS.
text: A spotlight shines on a small potted tree in the corner of
text: the stage. It looks uncannily similar to the Mirando Company
dialog: logo.
text: Lucy stands on the stage. She's charismatic, modern, maybe
text: slightly vulnerable. The sight calls to mind a Steve Jobs
text: product launch or Gwyneth Paltrow delivering a TED talk.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: On a Spring morning three years ago
dialog: a Chilean farmer named Senor Victor
text: Zamora Villacorta was tending to
dialog: his pigs when he chanced upon
dialog: something very strange.
text: A beat. Lucy has the reporters' attention. Lucy outstretches
text: her long, graceful arm and clicks on the touchscreen behind
dialog: her.
text: A PHOTOGRAPH fills the screen of a CHILEAN FARMER posing for
text: the camera. He looks wise, old, kind - straight out of
dialog: Chilean Farmer Central Casting.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: I recently had the opportunity to
dialog: meet with Senor Villacorta at his
text: hilltop farm.
text: Each time Lucy says Senor Villacorta's name, she does so with
text: a slight Chilean twang.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: We sat out on his porch and drank
dialog: wine as the sun went down.
text: Another PHOTOGRAPH appears on the screen, this time of Lucy
text: and Senor Villacorta drinking wine at sunset. A picture-
text: perfect rustic setting.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: He said the sweetest thing to me.
dialog: "Lucy!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Why couldn't this miracle have
dialog: happened forty years ago when I was
dialog: looking for a wife! I could have
dialog: married a supermodel!" Well, I'm
dialog: sorry Senor Villacorta. It turns
dialog: out we don't choose when we get to
dialog: save humanity.
text: Lucy makes a peculiar hand gesture. The words "Saving
text: Humanity" appear on the screen in hundreds of languages, in
text: various styles of calligraphy.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: The world's population is at seven
dialog: billion. 805 million of our fellow
dialog: humans struggle with hunger each
dialog: day, including 30 million right
dialog: here in the United States.
text: A PHOTO-MONTAGE of WORRIED-LOOKING HUMANS from across the
text: globe fills the screen behind Lucy. They look lost, helpless,
dialog: in need of a leader.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: And by 2050? We'll somehow have to
dialog: feed a staggering 9.6 billion
dialog: people. The world is running out of
dialog: food and we are not talking about
dialog: it. We needed a miracle. And then
dialog: we got one - on Senor Villacorta's
text: little hilltop farm.
text: The lights dim. Music swells.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Say hello to Mary.
text: A photograph fills the screen of Senor Villacorta cradling a
text: VERY ODD-LOOKING PIGLET in his arms. The room falls silent as
text: the fascinated Reporters stare at the very odd piglet.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
text: All the other piglets in the litter
dialog: were normal. But this peculiar
dialog: little lady turned out to be about
dialog: the least normal thing you can
dialog: imagine. Our scientists at the
dialog: Mirando Ranch in Arizona have been
dialog: raising Mary with love and care
dialog: ever since, observing her and
dialog: performing various studies. And I
dialog: can tell you the results right now.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Mary is like nothing on earth.
text: FRANK watches Lucy speak from below the stage. He quietly
text: mouths 'like nothing on Earth' in time with her.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: And so, please welcome to the stage
dialog: the inspirational ... Senor Victor
dialog: Zamora Villacorta!
text: SENOR VILLACORTA walks onto the stage and stands in his
text: predesignated spot. He's dressed in his full farmer's outfit.
text: There's a smattering of dutiful applause from the reporters.
speaker_heading: SARCASTIC REPORTER
dialog: Uh, no offence to Senor...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Villacorta.
speaker_heading: SARCASTIC REPORTER
dialog: But we'd prefer to see the pig.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: You will. But not yet.
speaker_heading: BRITISH REPORTER
dialog: You're announcing the birth of the
dialog: world's most amazing pig and you're
dialog: not showing us the pig? You're a
dialog: temptress!
text: The British reporter gives Lucy a sleazy, misogynistic grin.
text: Lucy responds with a mock-scolding look.
speaker_heading: BRITISH REPORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: (Winking)
dialog: You're much more fun than the last
dialog: Chief Executive!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Of course I am. Peter. Yes, she's
dialog: my sister, but Nancy and I are very
dialog: different human beings with very
dialog: different business ethics. Very
dialog: different. The only thing we share
dialog: is our last name.
text: Lucy smiles, but her composure is slightly rattled. A
text: question from the audience ends the brief silence.
speaker_heading: REPORTER C
dialog: What's so great about this pig
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: She has an impressive reproduction
dialog: rate.
text: The Reporters look underwhelmed.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (A small smile)
dialog: A regular sow averages five or six
text: piglets in a litter and two litters
text: in a year. Mary has mated with one
dialog: of our best hogs while she’s been
dialog: living with us in Arizona, and
dialog: she’s had a few piglets. Would you
dialog: care to see them?
text: Lucy makes a hand gesture. A FILM fills the screen of A
text: HUNDRED very odd-looking piglets grazing the beautiful,
text: grassy acres of the Mirando Ranch.
text: A beat while the reporters take it in. Then the room ERUPTS
text: with a volley of QUESTIONS and CAMERA FLASHES.
text: Under the stage, Frank SMILES. This is going exactly to plan.
speaker_heading: SARCASTIC REPORTER
dialog: How the hell did one pig have so
dialog: many babies?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: She got big.
text: The reporters take in the implication.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: And her babies are going to get big
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: REPORTER B
dialog: Show us a picture of the big pig!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: Simon! Patience! Last week we sent
dialog: twenty-six of Mary's Super Piglets
dialog: to the twenty-six countries around
dialog: the world where our Mirando branch
text: offices are located.
dialog: 6.
text: The screen behind Lucy becomes a colorful world map. Through
text: cool graphics we see the Super Piglets being spread to New
dialog: Zealand, Brazil, France, Sweden, Spain, Germany, Denmark,
dialog: South Korea, Japan, South Africa, and so on.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Each piglet was given to an
dialog: esteemed local farmer.
text: A PHOTOMONTAGE of SUPER PIGLETS being handed by MIRANDO
text: EMPLOYEES to charismatic-looking FARMERS in picture-perfect
text: locations. Faces of all shapes and colors. A testament to the
dialog: global nature of the project.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: I have asked each farmer to raise
dialog: their special guests in a natural
dialog: environment with the utmost care,
dialog: honoring traditional techniques
dialog: unique to their respective
dialog: cultures. My top scientists at the
dialog: Mirando branch offices will be on
dialog: hand to offer whatever support is
dialog: required.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And now we have a competition!
text: On the word 'Competition' the colorful world map reappears on
text: the large screen behind Lucy. The faces of the Local Farmers
text: appear over the map.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: These little piggies will be the
dialog: forebears of a whole new species!
dialog: From these, we’ll pick the most
dialog: exceptional specimens and develop
dialog: them into a super breed! A
dialog: revolution in the livestock
dialog: industry! And one local farmer will
dialog: rear the biggest and most beautiful
dialog: and special one! The Ultimate Super
dialog: Pig! But which farmer will it be?
dialog: Will Denmark win? New Zealand?
dialog: That's my bet! But I'm no expert.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I know someone who is! The
dialog: judging panel will be led by none
dialog: other than the wonderful Dr. Johnny
dialog: Wiseman - TV’s most popular
dialog: zoologist and veterinarian - and
dialog: the new face of the Mirando
dialog: Company!
text: The reporters are taken aback.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Johnny Wiseman’s working for
dialog: Mirando now?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Let’s remind ourselves of Dr.
dialog: Johnny’s work.
text: The screen behind Lucy fills with a MONTAGE of famous clips
text: from the HUGELY SUCCESSFUL TV show DR. JOHNNY’S MAGICAL
speaker_heading: ANIMALS:
text: A GORILLA throws straw in DR. JOHNNY’s face. Dr. Johnny
text: laughs uproariously. Dr. Johnny lies underneath an ELEPHANT,
text: washing its underside. The elephant takes a shit on Dr.
text: Johnny's face. Dr. Johnny shrieks with laughter. Dr. Johnny
text: cuddles a Panda.
text: Throughout it all we hear upbeat music - MAGICAL, MAGICAL
speaker_heading: ANIMALS!
text: The MONTAGE ends.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the screen)
dialog: Oh Johnny!
dialog: (to the reporters - a
dialog: little chilly)
dialog: He's just hilarious.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: How did you get Johnny Wiseman
dialog: working for you?
speaker_heading: SARCASTIC REPORTER
dialog: Deep pockets, right?!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We're just delighted to have him!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When the competition reaches its
dialog: climax, Dr. Johnny will crown the
dialog: winner at a Magical Animals live
dialog: telecast right here in New York
dialog: City! THAT'S when we'll unveil our
dialog: Super Pigs to the world! And,
dialog: believe me, it'll be worth the
dialog: wait.
text: Senor Villacorta is still standing on his spot - awkwardly -
text: nobody paying him any attention.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: How long will the wait be? When do
dialog: we get to see the big pigs?
text: For a beat, Lucy looks like she doesn't know what to say.
text: Then she recovers.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Ten years.
scene_heading: ELDERLY REPORTER
dialog: Ten years?! Jesus Christ. I'll be
dialog: dead by then!
speaker_heading: BRITISH REPORTER
dialog: This has to be the longest beauty
dialog: contest in world history! If it was
dialog: Miss America all the girls would be
dialog: old and ugly by the end! They'd be
text: putting the crown on the head of a
dialog: wizened old hag!
text: The sleazy British Reporter grins and looks around, pleased
text: with himself for his joke. Frowns from a few of the female
dialog: reporters.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I don't think 10 years is a
dialog: terribly long commitment, given
dialog: that we’re developing an entirely
text: new, scientifically ground-breaking
dialog: species that will single-handedly
dialog: remedy the planet’s food shortage
dialog: crisis! Our super pigs will not
dialog: only be big and beautiful, they'll
dialog: be designed to leave a minimal
dialog: footprint on the environment,
dialog: consuming less feed and forage,
text: producing less excretions. But most
dialog: importantly ...
text: Lucy creates a long, expectant beat.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: They'll need to taste fucking good.
text: A Pig-Faced Reporter blurts out ...
speaker_heading: PIG-FACE
dialog: Goddamn right!
text: Lucy and the other reporters laugh. The atmosphere is merry.
dialog: 9.
text: Frank laughs and claps loudly as music begins to flow through
text: the speakers - The Isley Brothers' HARVEST FOR THE WORLD.
dialog: .--All babies together, everyone a seed, half of us are
dialog: satisfied, half of us in need... Love's bountiful in us,
dialog: tarnished by our greed, when will there be a harvest for the
dialog: world?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Ten years. That's when there'll be
dialog: a harvest for the world. Thank you.
text: Words drift across the screen: 'The Super Pig Project.'
dialog: ‘Saving Humanity.' 'Harvest for the World'.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM / HALLWAY, MIRANDO COMPANY HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Lucy Mirando slumps on the toilet with a cigarette in her
text: mouth, sans makeup. She is web-searching articles on her
text: cutting edge 2006 flip phone. Press photos of her dancing to
text: “Harvest For the World” pass through the screen. She begins
text: mouthing words to herself. We don't know whether she's
text: reading the article or reliving her speech.
text: The phone begins to ring and the name "Nancy Mirando" flashes
text: across the screen in bold letters. Lucy debates whether to
dialog: answer before shutting it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Lucy washes her hands in front of the mirror. She feels
text: something behind her and turns around to find... Frank
text: awkwardly holding out his phone.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's Nancy.
dialog: (looking at Lucy)
dialog: She said you weren't answering...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (hushed voice)
dialog: Are you working for me, or her?
dialog: Jesus, Frank.
text: Lucy's outburst barely affects Frank, who stares back with an
text: innocent face. Lucy takes the phone.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, sis! How's London?
dialog: 10.
text: A LONG SILENCE. We hear Nancy breathing down the phone.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you angry?
text: Another hard silence.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (trying to keep it light)
dialog: Come on, Nance! Don't be angry!
dialog: Talk to me!
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: (finally)
dialog: I think Denmark's going to win.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Really? Why do you think Denmark?
text: A small, cold chuckle from Nancy.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you mocking me? Please don't
dialog: mock me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Nance?
speaker_heading: NANCY (0.S.)
dialog: Yes, Luce?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: What I did today... Do you think
dialog: Dad would have liked it?
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, Lucy, sweetheart. Poor darling.
dialog: Dad would have thought you were a
dialog: total cunt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Lucy walks out of the bathroom and hands the phone to Frank
text: waiting by the door. An EXTREME WIDE SHOT of Manhattan
text: skyscrapers. We see Lucy as a small dot as she walks down the
text: infinite hallway.
speaker_heading: MAIN TITLES
scene_heading: TITLE OVER BLACK: "OKJA"
dialog: 11.
text: The STREET NOISE and sounds of AIRPLANES are replaced by
text: meditative SOUNDS OF NATURE - the mountain breeze and
text: chirping birds.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN - DAY
text: A thick forest sits at the foot of a mountain range that
text: stretches for miles.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE: "The Present Day. 2016."
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE: "South Korea."
text: When the TITLE disappears, we notice a tiny white dot moving
text: in the woods far ahead. A person? An animal?
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: A SMALL GIRL carefully climbs down the hill, a straw sack
text: over her shoulder, her face a mix of street-smart
text: stubbornness and innocence. She is MIJA.
text: We hear BUSTLING behind her - and see a VERY LARGE and VERY
text: STRANGE-LOOKING ANIMAL unsteadily tiptoeing down the hill. It
text: is a fully grown SUPER PIG - OKJA.
text: Okja clumsily makes her way down the hill, looking terrified.
text: She steps on a thorny chestnut bur and immediately freezes.
text: She looks back and forth between Mija and her foot with a
text: blank expression. She looks silly - the hugely oversized
text: creature with her foot daintily raised.
text: Mija immediately runs over and plucks the chestnut bur from
text: Okja's foot. Okja blows through her nostrils in relief, still
text: wearing the same blank expression. She is awesome in size,
text: but slow, and doesn't appear very intelligent.
scene_heading: EXT. PERSIMMON TREE, WOODS - DAY
text: From atop the hill, Mija looks down at a tree in the bottom.
text: It teems with ripe orange persimmons.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Go!
text: On Mija's command, Okja enters frame and runs downhill
text: towards the tree. But she trips over her feet and begins
text: tumbling and tumbling until...
dialog: 12.
text: .-.-she hits the tree trunk. THUMP. The tree is nearly pulled
text: out of the ground. Ripe persimmons fall everywhere.
text: Okja raises herself, unfazed by the impact. Mija scuttles
text: down and gathers the persimmons in her straw sack. She picks
text: up the largest one and throws it to Okja, who snaps up her
text: chin and catches it like a dog catching a tennis ball.
text: CLOSE ON Okja's silly, innocent face as she moves her
text: humongous jaws, savoring the juicy persimmon.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM - DAY
text: Mija peers into the water. She looks up and waves at Okja
text: (O.S.) - indicating a part of the stream where the water is
dialog: deepest.
text: Suddenly, Okja's colossal body fills the SCREEN as she flies
text: across the air toward Mija. She splashes into the water,
text: sending a mini-tsunami in all directions.
text: Like when an obese person jumps into a small tub, copious
text: amounts of water and FISH flow over the banks. The fish flap
text: around frantically. Mija quickly picks out the larger ones,
text: puts them in the sack and throws the little ones back into
text: the stream. Quick and efficient. A familiar routine.
text: With her eyes and nostrils barely poking out of the water,
text: Okja takes a leisurely swim. Mija takes off her clothes and
text: jumps in. They swim under the blissful autumn sunlight. An
text: idyllic moment. It feels like time has stopped.
text: Okja suddenly climbs onto a large rock. She shakes off the
text: water like a dog and tightens, arching her body. Her large
text: ears point up in a peculiar fashion. Mija catches the
dialog: 'signal'.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: No! Wait!
text: Okja glances at her and freezes. Mija quickly swims upstream
text: until - at a safe distance - she gives Okja the 'OK' sign
dialog: with both hands. With that...
text: Okja's epic pooping begins.
text: It is similar to the pooping of hippopotamuses. Okja spins
text: her short tail like a helicopter as she projects fecal matter
text: in all directions. A spectacular scene, with countless pieces
text: of shit flying across a wide radius. The excrements fall in
text: the water and fish gather around the pieces to feed on them.
text: The ‘circle of life' in full effect.
dialog: 13.
text: Okja jumps back in the water and the fish gather around her
text: bottom. They swim gracefully as a school, chasing after
text: whatever is left behind by Okja.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR THE STREAM — DAY
text: Okja is sprawled on a rock next to the stream, taking a nap.
text: Mija sleeps on Okja's belly, moving up and down every time
text: Okja takes a breath. Whenever Okja shifts, Mija adjusts,
text: somehow maintaining her position on the belly.
text: We notice a small BLACK BOX the size of a cell phone attached
text: to Okja's ear.
scene_heading: EXT. MIJA'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Mija's grandfather, HEE BONG (70), carries firewood, getting
text: ready to make dinner. The sun is falling fast. Hee Bong looks
text: toward the mountains with concern.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: (Shouting)
dialog: Mija! Where are you?
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM - CONTINUOUS
text: Hee Bong's voice echoes through the mountains. Inside Mija's
text: straw sack, half-submerged in water, a fish peeks through the
text: chestnuts and persimmons, still breathing.
text: Mija jolts awake. She looks around blankly before realizing
text: she slept too long. She shakes Okja awake. Okja spreads open
text: her humongous jaws and yawns.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (to Okja)
dialog: We're late for dinner. We'll take
dialog: the short cut.
text: Okja responds with a distinctive SQUEAL.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIL/CLIFF - DAY
text: The short-cut is narrow and borders a steep incline. Mija and
text: Okja hurry down it. Mija notices that the rope around Okja's
text: neck is hanging limply off her. She turns to re-tie it,
text: suddenly SLIPS, and FALLS down the incline, the rope in her
text: hand. She slides towards a SHEER DROP.
dialog: 14.
text: She grabs a nearby scrub, which holds her for a moment, then
text: SNAPS in her hand. She continues sliding, the cliff edge
text: approaching sharply...
text: Okja looks blankly down. Then she suddenly steps on her end
text: of the rope. Mija's plummet abruptly STOPS. She dangles
text: precariously over the cliff - her life barely preserved by
text: the tip of Okja's foot.
text: Okja lowers her enormous snout toward the rope, trying to
text: pull Mija back up with her mouth. But her mouth and tongue
text: are large and unwieldy. Okja struggles until - in a sudden
text: move - she twists her neck and successfully bites the rope.
text: But as she does, she loses balance and begins sliding down
dialog: the incline.
text: Still desperately holding onto the rope, Mija immediately
text: drops several feet in the air. Then she suddenly STOPS.
text: She looks up and sees Okja peeking over her, having slid all
text: the way to the edge of the cliff. The rope is tightly
text: stretched between them. Large drops of drool escape through
text: Okja's fiercely clenched teeth and fall onto Mija's body.
text: With an emphatic umph, Okja steps backwards, the rope in her
text: mouth. She somehow manages a few strenuous steps. But then a
text: rock that had been anchoring her foot suddenly comes loose
text: and she begins sliding again.
text: Mija SCREAMS as she goes into a free fall. Okja shrieks too
text: as she slides towards the SHEER DROP.
text: Suddenly, Okja spots a large tree stump below. With the rope
text: clenched in her mouth, she twists and steers her body towards
text: the stump. Right before reaching the edge, she coils herself
text: and jumps over to the other side of the stump.
text: Okja FALLS OFF THE CLIFF. But the rope hung over the stump
text: forms a pulley mechanism. And so - as Okja dives headlong
text: with the rope in her mouth - Mija is pulled up by Okja's
dialog: weight.
text: As Okja falls and Mija rises, they lock eyes at the midpoint.
text: A fleeting moment of desperate, longing sadness.
text: When Mija reaches the tree stump, Okja unclenches her jaws
text: and lets go of the rope - PLUMMETING towards the woods below.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (Screaming)
speaker_heading: OKJA!
dialog: 15.
text: Okja plummets further, until she's swallowed up in the green
text: leaves. Mija's heart breaks as she watches Okja fall after
text: saving her life.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: OKJA!
text: There is no answer from below.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST BELOW THE CLIFF - DAY
text: The forest is densely packed with trees. Mija desperately
text: searches for Okja, but she is nowhere to be found.
speaker_heading: MIJA
speaker_heading: OKJA!
text: The echo dies out, and the forest is once again silent. We
text: only hear the BUZZING of insects and the CHIRPING of birds
dialog: until...
text: ...we hear a huge FART from somewhere in the woods. Mija
text: quickly turns toward the sound. She sees Okja through the
text: trees - casually chomping on grass, completely unaffected by
text: the fall. Mija runs over with a huge smile, happily swinging
text: the straw sack on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: Okja! Are you okay?
text: Mija checks everywhere on Okja's body for injuries. As she
text: does, Okja slowly slinks to the ground and lies on her back.
text: She lets out a MOAN and pretends to be hurt while she
text: continues to chew on the grass. She holds up her rear foot
text: and begs for attention, like a little child. Mija looks at
dialog: her foot.
text: She sees a fresh scar near Okja's hip, blood oozing from it.
text: She picks out a ripe persimmon from her sack and peels it.
text: She takes the soft inner part and rubs it gently against
text: Okja's wound. The soft, moist sensation soothes Okja and she
text: slowly closes her eyes. Her chewing slows as well.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: You like that?
text: Okja MOANS in pleasure.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: You saved my life. Again.
text: Okja SQUEALS in response.
dialog: 16.
text: It looks like they're really talking to each other. Mija
text: holds up Okja's large, floppy ear and whispers something. We
text: can't hear what, but the soft whisper, combined with the late
text: afternoon sunlight, leaves us with an achingly beautiful
text: feeling. Okja nods as if responding to whatever Mija said.
scene_heading: EXT. MIJA'S HOUSE - EVENING
text: CLOSE ON a dinner table. Wild greens, potatoes, boiled eggs,
text: pan-seared fish in the middle. It's the fish Mija caught at
text: the stream earlier. Hee Bong and Mija sit in the living room
text: and chow on the dinner.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: (out of the blue)
dialog: Uncle Mundo says he's coming by
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: To collect the money? For Okja?
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: I already sent the money to the
dialog: company.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Right. So Okja is ours now.
text: Hee Bong nods. Mija smiles.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: So why is Uncle Mundo coming?
dialog: Paperwork?
text: Without answering, Hee Bong turns away and switches on an
text: ancient tube television. A soccer game is on.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: Damn. The first half is almost
dialog: over.
text: The screen blinks on and off with static. Hee Bong slaps the
text: side of the set, making it normal again. With his eyes on the
text: soccer match, he picks up his spoon to eat when the screen
text: blinks and dissolves into static again.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: Son of a...
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Great! Now we can buy a new TV!
dialog: 17.
text: Hee Bong goes over to the TV. He raises his hand to strike it
text: again when... BUZZ. The screen returns. It's as if the TV is
dialog: afraid of Hee Bong.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: This one's perfectly fine.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (pouting)
dialog: Such a tightwad...
text: Behind Mija's disgruntled face, we see Okja poking her head
text: out of the shed to drink water from the bucket. Hee Bong
text: retrieves a half-drunk bottle of soju and opens it. He
text: carefully pours the soju into the cap, and with trembling
text: hands, lifts the tiny cap brimming with soju.
scene_heading: INT. MIJA'S ROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: It's silent except for the sound of insects.
text: We see the picture frames on the wall. A story spanning ten
dialog: years.
text: There's a Mirando Certificate with Hee Bong's picture printed
text: on it. It reads in English: Congratulations farmer HEE BONG!
dialog: Raise your Super Pig with love and care! Love, Lucy Mirando.
text: There's 6-year-old Mija hugging her Super Piglet.
text: There's 12-year-old Mija tightly hugging the fully grown
dialog: Okja.
text: Mija sleeps with a comic book open in front of her. A sound
text: wakes her up. She looks toward a tiny window in the corner of
text: the room. The window opens directly to the shed where Okja is
dialog: kept.
text: We see Okja's massive butt through the window. She keeps
text: shifting her tail, bothered by the itching in the wounded
text: area. The tail is too short and hardly reaches the wound.
text: Mija picks up a back scratcher from the floor. She attaches a
text: long bamboo stick to the end and sits in front of the tiny
text: window. She yawns as she pokes the stick through the window
text: and scratches the area around Okja's wound.
text: Mija begins to doze. She closes her eyes.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM, MOUNTAIN - DAY
text: MUNDO PARK (39) hikes up along the stream, covered in sweat.
text: Dressed in a suit and tie, he carries a bag that bears the
text: ‘Mirando Korea' logo. He stops for breath, and looks down the
text: mountain behind him. He takes out his phone. The signal is
text: poor, and he holds up his phone at various angles before
text: finally getting a bar and dialing.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: (Into the phone)
dialog: Where are you? What's taking you so
dialog: long?
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (Out of breath)
dialog: We're all so out of shape. And Dr.
dialog: Johnny is being... somewhat
dialog: difficult.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: (Surprised)
dialog: Dr. Johnny? But he's so much fun on
dialog: Tv!
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (Thinly)
text: Right. On TV. But not in the water.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: Water?
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
text: He dove into the water saying he
dialog: couldn't stand the heat. Now he
dialog: won't come out.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Aw, disgusting. I think he’s doing
dialog: a secret piss.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD, MIJA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Hee Bong stands at the faucet and pours water into a bucket.
text: He turns off the faucet almost as soon as he turns it on.
text: Still thinking he poured too much, he pours off a little into
text: the basin before handing the bucket to Mundo. Mundo gulps
text: down the water, thoroughly covered in sweat.
text: Mija washes Okja in the front yard.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I thought a bunch of you were
dialog: coming.
text: Mundo glances down the hill.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: They're coming.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (calling over)
dialog: It's nice to see you, Uncle Mundo.
dialog: Why are you here?
text: Mundo steals a glimpse at Mija.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: (silently mouthing)
dialog: You didn't tell her?
text: Hee Bong looks away without answering. Mundo looks
text: frustrated. He walks over to Okja. Mija claps and gives a
text: sign to Okja, who obediently sits on the ground. Mundo
text: removes the small black box on Okja's ear and unlocks the
text: waterproof casing. He opens it to reveal various computer
dialog: chips and SD card slots.
text: He removes the SD cards and plugs them into his laptop.
text: Numbers and graphs showing data about Okja's health abound on
text: the screen: "Blood Pressure," "Temperature," "Heart Rate."
dialog: The clean, design-conscious interface of the "Mirando Super
dialog: Pig Health/Growth Management" software.
text: Mija looks over Mundo's shoulder, lustily eyeing his brand
dialog: new Macbook when...
text: We suddenly hear someone SHOUT in English.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Fuck me!
dialog: (panting)
dialog: All right. I'm here. I'm fucking
dialog: here, goddamn it.
text: Hee Bong, Mija, and Mundo all turn their heads. A large man
text: struggles up the steep incline, bitching and moaning all the
text: way. This is Dr. JOHNNY WISEMAN.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (eyes wide)
dialog: It's that guy! From TV!
text: She runs excitedly to Hee Bong - leaving Okja at the
dialog: the yard.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Hee Bong)
dialog: It's him, right? From Magical
dialog: Animals!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You...
dialog: (panting)
dialog: You just had to...
dialog: (panting)
dialog: «+. drag me all the way up to this
dialog: fucking mountain top.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (To Hee Bong)
dialog: He came to meet Okja even though
dialog: she isn't in the competition any
dialog: more! He must think Okja is that
dialog: special!
text: Mundo looks uneasy.
dialog: 20.
dialog: back of
text: Johnny suddenly notices Mija. Then he is abruptly back to his
text: panting and bitching.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: All the other Super Pigs were on
text: flat land, accessible by car.
dialog: Japan's Super Pig was about a five
dialog: minute drive from the airport. I
dialog: notice that you leave the fucking
text: mountain top Super Pig to the end
dialog: because you knew the climb would
dialog: rile me. Well, guess what? I'm
text: riled.
text: Johnny's companions stand around awkwardly. There's JENNIFER,
dialog: the Marketing Director from Mirando HQ (30s, American). She
text: wears a DSLR over her neck. And there's a Korean TV crew -
text: CHANG (35), the cameraman, and CHOI (26, female) the
dialog: interpreter/assistant.
text: Choi looks back and forth between Johnny and Hee Bong, trying
text: to smile the awkwardness away.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, can someone at least bring me
dialog: some water? Given that I am about
dialog: to be filmed for fucking
dialog: television?
dialog: 21.
text: Choi RUSHES over to the faucet and begins to pour.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Not sparkling water. I don't want
dialog: to belch my way through the
dialog: broadcast.
speaker_heading: CHOL
dialog: I don't think they have sparkling
dialog: water here.
dialog: (to Hee Bong)
dialog: Excuse me, sir, if you don't mind.
dialog: Dr. Johnny's a bit thirsty from the
dialog: hike.
text: But Johnny spots Hee Bong's green soju bottle. He stomps over
text: and snatches it up.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Soju...
text: Before Hee Bong can react, Johnny cracks open the bottle and
text: downs the soju in one swig.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: Ah, I was saving that...
text: Johnny lets out a refreshed, drunken sigh. Hee Bong looks on,
text: devastated. Mija stifles her laughter.
text: Johnny spots Okja for the first time. As he does his
text: personality changes totally - he looks INCREDIBLY EXCITED.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: There she is!
speaker_heading: CHOL
dialog: This is Okja!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: She's wonderful.
text: He rushes over to Okja and begins caressing her body. This is
text: real, touching enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Just perfect!
dialog: (furiously, to Chang the
dialog: cameraman)
dialog: Well, fucking film me! You can't
dialog: fake these emotions.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CHOL
dialog: (yelling at Chang)
dialog: Film him!
text: Chang hurriedly switches the camera on and dances around,
text: fishing for the right angle. Jennifer snaps away on her DSLR.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (to Choi)
dialog: Get him his doctor's coat!
text: Choi hurriedly retrieves a white doctor's coat from her bag.
text: It has the Mirando logo emblazoned on it. She scurries over
text: to Johnny and helps him into it.
text: Johnny continues to caress Okja - her well-developed muscles,
text: faultless skin, and taut curves, his expression one of awe.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: Ten years ago twenty-six local
text: farmers in twenty-six far-flung
dialog: countries were each given a super
dialog: piglet. This year I've traveled to
dialog: each of the twenty-six farms to
text: meet the Super Pigs and decide
dialog: which one will be invited to the
scene_heading: BEST SUPER PIG FEST in New York
dialog: City, where they'll be unveiled to
dialog: the world!
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (to Hee Bong)
dialog: What's he saying?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Shhh! They're filming!
text: Johnny looks at Hee Bong with sincere respect, giving him a
text: big thumbs up.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You've done an incredible job.
text: Hee Bong doesn't need a translator to understand. He holds up
text: his thumb. Jennifer is ecstatic. This is exactly what she
dialog: wanted.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (to Chang)
dialog: Pan from Johnny to the old man!
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CHOL
dialog: (to Chang)
dialog: Pan!
text: Chang pans from Johnny to Hee Bong.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: This is it! The moment of mutual
dialog: trust between Mirando's very own
dialog: Dr. Johnny and the esteemed local
dialog: farmer.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (to Hee Bong)
dialog: She's truly exceptional.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: (a thick Korean accent)
dialog: Ssank you so much.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: How did you do it? What was your
dialog: method?
text: Choi translates. 'Uh..' Hee Bong thinks. A brief silence as
text: everyone watches Hee Bong.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: I just... uh, let her run around is
dialog: all.
text: Hee Bong laughs. Choi translates.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: He just let her run around! How
dialog: beguiling!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm not supposed to do this... I
dialog: mean I'm supposed to go back to
dialog: America and examine all the data
dialog: before making my decision and yada
dialog: yada yada... But...
text: Johnny winks at the camera.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (dramatically)
dialog: Jennifer? Two medals please.
text: Chang pans to Jennifer as she takes out two 'Best Super Pig'
text: medals and hands them to Johnny.
dialog: 24.
text: Johnny puts one medal over Hee Bong's neck and another over
text: Okja's neck.
text: Okja BLOWS in Johnny's face, covering his face with drool.
text: Johnny responds with his trademark UPROARIOUS LAUGH.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Okja)
dialog: We have our winner! Ready for the
dialog: festival in New York City?
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: One more medal please!
text: Jennifer hands another medal to Johnny. Johnny walks over to
dialog: Mija.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: A special medal for a special lady
dialog: who I’m sure helped raise the Super
dialog: Pig too in her own special way!
text: Johnny ceremoniously puts the medal over Mija’s neck.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Get some cutaways of the pig!
text: Chang dutifully does. After he's gone, Johnny talks quietly
dialog: to Mija.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry I was kinda grumpy when I
dialog: first arrived on your farm. Being a
dialog: television presenter can be
dialog: stressful.
text: Mija looks blank - she has no idea what he's saying.
text: As Chang gets cutaways of Okja, Mundo tries to squeeze into
dialog: the frame.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Hey! No!
text: With a hand gesture, Jennifer shoos Mundo out of the shot.
text: Mundo lingers awkwardly. He walks over to Hee Bong and
text: WHISPERS something in his ear.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (still talking to Mija)
dialog: I always have to be 'on'.
dialog: Especially now I find myself the
dialog: ‘face of the Mirando Corporation'!
dialog: How did that even happen?!
text: Hee Bong grabs Mija's hand and takes her to the corner of the
dialog: yard.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: I... Let's go visit your mom and
dialog: dad up there.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Now? Why? I want to watch this.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: They appeared in my dream last
dialog: night, said they missed you.
text: Hee Bong pulls the reluctant Mija uphill.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: (pointing to the group)
dialog: They’1l be here for a while. Come
dialog: on.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: The sun shines on two burial mounds lying side by side in the
text: quiet woods. Hee Bong and Mija pluck weeds and dust off the
dialog: tombstone.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: I can't remember their faces...
text: Hee Bong looks at Mija with pity. He sighs.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: It's been so many years. Just the
dialog: two of us, living here in the
dialog: mountains.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Not two. Three.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: Sure! Okja too. Our little fatty.
dialog: 26.
text: Silence. Hee Bong takes out a box from his pocket and opens
text: it. Inside the box is a gold pig, the size of an adult fist.
text: Mija regards it quizzically.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
text: A gold pig. 100% real gold.
text: Mija, confused.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: So pretty, don't you think? In the
dialog: old days the elders would give this
dialog: gold pig to their daughters as a
dialog: wedding gift. Take it. It's yours.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Why are you giving me a gold pig?
text: Hee Bong hands the gold pig to Mija. He points downhill with
text: his chin.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: Well, you're not getting married,
dialog: but... since Okja will be leaving
dialog: us and going far away... You can
dialog: keep this gold pig instead of her.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: What?
text: Mija stares blankly with the gold pig in her hands, still not
dialog: understanding.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: They're here to take Okja.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Okja?
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: Yeah. The competition's nearly
dialog: over. So they're taking all the
text: Super Pigs back to the company.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: But Okja's ours. We bought her from
dialog: them. You sent them the money!
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: That...
dialog: (turning away)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: It didn't work out so well. I
dialog: couldn't buy her. That's why I
dialog: bought this pig instead. This gold
dialog: pig...
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (disbelieving)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: We can't do anything about it.
dialog: Especially not now. They said that
dialog: Okja was selected as the best pig.
dialog: They have big plans for her in
dialog: America...
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: America...?
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: (nods )
dialog: She'll be spending the night in
dialog: Seoul, and tomorrow she'll be ona
dialog: plane to America. She's a celebrity
dialog: now!
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Going all the way across the
dialog: Pacific!
text: Hee Bong lets out an exaggerated laugh as he carefully
text: searches for Mija's reaction. Mija is in utter shock.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Mija! You're nearly a grown woman,
dialog: and to be honest I wasn't too keen
dialog: on seeing you playing with that pig
dialog: all day. You should go to the town,
dialog: Maybe meet a boyfr...
text: Mija throws the gold pig at Hee Bong's foot and rushes down
dialog: the mountain.
scene_heading: EXT. MIJA'S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mija runs out of the trees and arrives at the house to find
text: it completely empty. The dirt in the yard is wildly printed
text: with footprints. We can picture how Okja must have been
text: dragged away. The hairs stand on Mija's body.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: OKJA!!!
dialog: 28.
text: Mija shouts at the top of her lungs. Her voice echoes along
text: the massive ridges of the mountain but goes unanswered. Mija
text: begins to run - with the urgency of a sprinter.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mija runs down the mountain with great speed and athleticism,
text: having grown up roaming these hills. She runs her legs off -
text: through the trees, over the rocks, and through the air across
text: the stream. The branches scratch and scar Mija's face but she
text: continues running, gaining speed.
text: But Okja and her escorts are nowhere to be seen.
scene_heading: EXT. BEGINNING OF HIGHWAY - SUNSET
text: Mija stands at the point where the highway begins. She looks
text: far ahead at a sedan and a large container truck - just dots.
text: Mija breathes heavily, exhausted from her run. A tear forms
text: in her eye. The truck containing Okja rounds the bend and
text: disappears to the other side of the mountain.
scene_heading: INT. MIJA'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON a large cauldron sitting on top of a fire hole,
text: steam rising from it. Hee Bong opens the lid, and we see a
text: whole chicken inside the boiling water. Hee Bong adds
text: cinnamon, ginger, and vetch to the pot. He hears someone
text: entering and pokes his head out of the kitchen. He sees Mija
text: crossing the yard limply, eyes swollen from crying and cheeks
text: streaked with dirty tears. Mija stomps past Hee Bong and
text: towards her room, scattering the chickens away.
scene_heading: INT. MIJA'S ROOM, MIJA'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Hee Bong pokes his head inside the room. He carefully opens
text: his mouth.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: You must be hungry. I made your
dialog: favorite - chicken stew.
text: No answer. Mija can't seem to put a stop on her emotions.
text: She sobs as she undresses. Hee Bong becomes embarrassed and
text: turns his head, but Mija doesn't care. She continues to take
text: off her pants and her socks.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: Go clean up, and let's have some
dialog: chicken stew.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: I put in all the herbs that are
dialog: supposed to be good for you.
text: Mija continues to sob as she removes a training suit from her
text: drawer. She puts it on along with fresh socks. Hee Bong looks
text: at her curiously. Mija takes out a red fanny pack from the
dialog: drawer.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Mija still doesn't answer. Her face is a grotesque mess of
text: tears and snot. She puts the fanny pack around her waist.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: Where do you think you're going?
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Seoul...
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: I'm going to bring Okja home.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: Are you crazy? Seoul? In the middle
dialog: of night? Do you even know how much
dialog: it costs to go to Seoul?
text: Mija picks up a large piggy bank from the top of the chest.
text: She raises it high and throws it to the floor with surprising
text: strength. The piggy bank shatters into pieces, unleashing a
text: vast sea of coins. Hee Bong gasps.
text: Mija continues to sob as she sweeps the coins into her fanny
text: pack and pockets. There are a few bank notes in there too.
text: She bites them between her lips.
text: Hee Bong comes into the room and tries to stop her, but Mija
text: throws him to the floor.
text: Hee Bong has had enough. He stands and begins frantically
text: shoving the coins under the furniture with his feet. He looks
text: ridiculous. And it's pointless. Mija has already filled her
text: fanny pack. She zips it up and heads fast towards the door.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't you dare leave this room!
text: Mija turns and stares at him.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: Look. I miss Okja too.
text: Mija's eyes instantly swell with tears at the thought of
dialog: Okja.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: But she's an animal. They all have
dialog: to go sometime.
text: Hee Bong grabs a permanent marker from Mija's desk and starts
text: drawing lines over the photograph of Okja - the one where
text: she's being hugged by Mija. With rough strokes, he divides
text: Okja's body parts like a butcher's meat chart.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: Blade shoulder, loin, spare rib,
dialog: hock. This is what she is!
text: Mija cries even louder - this is deeply disturbing to her.
text: She pushes Hee Bong away and runs out into the windy front
dialog: yard.
text: Hee Bong runs after her and manages to grab her.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: No!
text: As Mija yells, the bank notes she was biting between her lips
text: accidently fly away in the wind. Hee Bong instinctively
text: throws himself toward the money.
text: Mija uses the opportunity to run away, dashing into the dark
dialog: woods.
text: Hee Bong belatedly realizes his mistake and runs after her -
text: but she is GONE. He breathes heavily as he stands in the
text: black windy forest, the bank-notes clenched in his fist.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
speaker_heading: MIJA - !
text: Hee Bong's voice echoes throughout the woods. Instead of
dialog: Mija's answer...
text: A cacophony of CITY NOISES begin to crowd our ears.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRANSFER TERMINAL, SOMEWHERE IN SEOUL - DAY
text: As the NOISE reaches a crescendo, we see a wide staircase
text: filled with SUBWAY PASSENGERS transferring between lines.
dialog: 31.
text: Black heads filling the SCREEN move in a single direction.
text: One of the heads turns and looks around - Mija.
scene_heading: INT. PLATFORM, SUBWAY STATION - DAY
text: Mija stares hopelessly at the large subway map on the wall.
text: The subway lines are intricately spun like spider webs. They
text: resemble Mija's tangled hair and her utterly confused state.
text: She somehow identifies her destination on the sprawling map
text: and takes out a coin from her fanny pack, inserts it in the
text: ticketing machine. The fanny pack is a promotional gift from
text: Mirando. Mija makes note of the Mirando Korea address and
text: phone number printed on the inside.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE, MIRANDO KOREA OFFICES - DAY
text: A white, clean interior brightly lit by fluorescent lights.
text: Mija stands up against the glass door and peers inside. We
text: see an empty front desk with the Mirando logo and a potted
text: tree that has the exact silhouette of the logo.
text: The lobby is silent until... CLICK, CLICK. A skinny
text: RECEPTIONIST clicks her high heels into the lobby and returns
text: to her seat.
text: Mija tries to make eye contact, but the Receptionist looks
text: down at her smartphone and doesn't look up. Mija - feeling
text: invisible - KNOCKS on the glass.
text: The Receptionist finally raises her head and sees Mija's wild
text: appearance. She points to a guest phone attached to a stand
text: in front of the entrance.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (mouthing the words)
dialog: Use the phone...
text: Suppressing her anger, Mija picks up the receiver and presses
text: the 'call' button. We hear upbeat music as the automated
text: voice speaks in Korean/English.
speaker_heading: AUTOMATED VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Welcome to Mirando Korea! If you
dialog: would like to know the number of
dialog: the department you are looking for,
dialog: press #7. If you would like to
dialog: speed-dial your party, press *24 to
dialog: switch to voice recognition mode.
text: Mija presses the button.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: AUTOMATED VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: After the beep, please clearly
dialog: state the name of the person you
dialog: are looking for.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Mun, Do, Park.
speaker_heading: AUTOMATED VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Sorry, I did not hear you. Please
text: clearly state the name.
text: Mija holds the receiver with both hands.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Mun! Do!! Park -- !!!
speaker_heading: AUTOMATED VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Sorry! I did not hear you. Please
dialog: clearly state the name...
text: Mija screams her lungs off, hoping the Receptionist will
text: notice her frustration. The Receptionist gets up and casually
text: walks into the back office.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Wait!
text: The Receptionist disappears without answering. The front desk
text: is empty again.
text: Mija closes her eyes and takes a deep breath to calm herself.
text: She suddenly begins walking backwards. She spins the fanny
text: pack to her side and fully zips up her training suit. She
text: stands at the opposite end of the long hallway, staring at
text: the Mirando Korea entrance. Suddenly...
text: She begins to run...
text: She charges ahead with explosive speed. Upon nearing the
text: entrance, she accelerates even more and throws herself into
text: the glass door.
text: THUMP! Mija's body collides with the door, and the entire
text: glass wall vibrates from the tremendous impact.
text: The door remains intact while Mija bounces off and tumbles on
dialog: the floor.
text: BEEP! BEEP! The security system is activated. The
text: Receptionist hurries out to the lobby. She sees Mija on the
text: floor, MOANING.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Oh my God! Are you okay?
text: Looking down at the fallen Mija, the Receptionist presses the
text: button of the automatic door. The moment she does, a spider
text: web begins to spread on the glass, and soon the huge glass
text: door begins to come down in a cascade of shards.
text: The Receptionist SCREAMS as tiny, sharp particles pour onto
text: the floor. Mija immediately leaps up and charges into the
text: office, bumping into the Receptionist on the way. The
text: Receptionist grabs onto the tree that looks exactly like the
text: Mirando logo as she tumbles onto the floor. Dirt pours out of
text: the pot, revealing the bizarre-looking root of the tree. We
dialog: realize it was a plastic tree all along.
scene_heading: INT. MIRANDO KOREA OFFICES - DAY
text: Mija runs frantically down a MAZE of LONG, EMPTY FLUORESCENT-
text: LIT CORRIDORS. It's creepy and corporate - the stuff of
dialog: conspiracy theory nightmares.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Uncle Mundo! Okja! Mundo!
text: The maze finally opens into a large, brightly lit office.
text: She sees rows and rows of desks - BUT NOT ONE EMPLOYEE.
text: She runs through the cubicles, looking around.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Uncle Mundo! Okja!
speaker_heading: MIJA'S POV:
text: A poster on the wall, advertising Mirando's Super Pig
text: project. The copy 'Harvest For The World' accompanies a
text: picture of hundreds of fully grown Super Pigs feeding on the
text: grassy acres of the Mirando corporate Ranch in Arizona.
text: To Mija the sight is deeply unsettling. It's like seeing
dialog: hundreds of Okjas.
text: At that moment, we hear a SQUEAL. Is it the real Okja?!
text: Mija runs toward the sound but is caught by an ELDERLY
text: SECURITY GUARD. She throws him off, sending him into the
text: ground. Now it's the RECEPTIONIST'S turn. She leaps at Mija -
text: but Mija evades her with great athleticism, jumping over
text: desks and cubicles.
dialog: 34.
text: Mija runs into a conference room and locks the glass door.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Mija runs to the window.
speaker_heading: MIJA'S POV:
text: A PARKING LOT, invisible to the outside world. Mundo and
text: UNIFORMED MIRANDO EMPLOYEES are dragging a chained and roped
text: Okja towards a large trailer.
text: The Mirando uniforms are surprisingly BRIGHT and COLORFUL and
text: VIBRANT looking.
text: Okja is desperately resisting - but to no avail.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
text: The OFFICE EMPLOYEES have vacated their desks to form a
text: gallery in the parking lot. They're all busy taking selfies
text: with Okja in the background.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: (yelling at them)
dialog: Hey, put your selfie sticks away!
dialog: This is classified! Those are
dialog: direct orders from HQ in America!
text: The Employees reluctantly lower their selfie sticks.
speaker_heading: MUNDO (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't want to see any of those on
text: Instagram.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (banging on the window)
dialog: Okja!l!! Okjal!!
text: It's like the scene in The Graduate where Ben bangs on the
text: window at the wedding - "Elaine! Elaine!" - except Mundo and
text: the Mirando Employees don't notice Mija. The glass is too
text: thick and soundproofed. We can see she's yelling, but they
dialog: can't hear a thing.
text: Mija's eyes are alight with fury. The Security Guard and the
text: Receptionist are unlocking the door when Mija charges toward
text: them and throws herself at the door, knocking them to the
dialog: ground.
dialog: 35.
text: With fierce determination, Mija runs toward the elevator...
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER - PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
text: As the Uniformed Employees struggle to tie the violently
text: resisting Okja in place, Mundo puts his face against Okja's
text: and raises a selfie stick. He makes his best cute face as he
text: takes a picture.
scene_heading: INT. CAB, MIRANDO TRUCK - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mundo climbs in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: (To the driver)
dialog: Let's go.
text: The driver is KIM (24). The truck begins to move with a huge
text: roar. Mundo scans Kim up and down, suspicious. Slight frame,
text: baby face, distracted eyes. Something about him is just
dialog: ...off.
speaker_heading: MUNDO (CONT'D)
dialog: You've got a commercial driver's
dialog: licence, right?
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: (Nonchalantly)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: A licence to drive a heavy goods
dialog: vehicle. A Class A truck?
text: Kim smiles blankly without answering. He steers the truck
text: roughly out of the parking lot and into the outside world.
text: As he does, we see Mija bolting out of the main entrance.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS NEAR MIRANDO KOREA - DAY
text: Mija runs with wild desperation as the truck disappears into
text: the distance. But it soon slows down to merge onto a larger
text: road and Mija accelerates with all her might until she
text: reaches a point where the road continues downhill but the
text: sidewalk remains level with the buildings. She runs alongside
dialog: the truck until...
text: .+-she boldly jumps and - THUMP - lands on the roof of the
dialog: trailer.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: THUMP. Okja looks up at the sound. She SQUEALS and hikes up
text: her head. The Uniformed Employees also look up curiously.
text: Okja can feel Mija's presence above her. She touches the
text: ceiling with her face as she continues to SQUEAL.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER ROOF, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Mija balances herself on the moving trailer. Through the
text: fluttering strands of her hair she sees an overpass
dialog: approaching.
scene_heading: INT. CAB, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Mundo sees the overpass. It seems very low. He looks over at
text: Kim, who drives, still looking blank.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: What's the height of this truck?
text: Kim gives Mundo a listless, nonchalant look.
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Uh, they did tell me... it was,
dialog: uh...
text: Still, Kim doesn't slow down.
text: The overpass approaches fast. The sign that indicates the
text: height comes into view: 4.2 meters.
text: Mundo stares at Kim.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER ROOF, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Mija drops to her stomach. She lies flat and closes her eyes.
text: The truck blasts through.
scene_heading: INT. CAB, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: I guess they said it was less than
dialog: 4.2 meters.
text: Mundo wipes his sweat, relieved.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER ROOF, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Mija sits up. She made it. Just.
scene_heading: INT. CAB, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Kim continues to floor the gas pedal with a blank face.
text: Mundo looks ahead and sees another overpass quickly
text: approaching. This time the sign reads 3.9 meters.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: (Yelling)
dialog: The height! Can. You. Remember?
text: Kim slowly shakes his head and indicates his foggy memory.
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: I can't... They made me drink a
dialog: lot at the staff dinner last
dialog: night...
text: The overpass approaches. Mundo turns white. He instinctively
text: shrivels his body like a squid on a grill.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER ROOF, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Wind batters Mija's face. She squints and looks ahead at the
text: overpass. Her muscles tense as she instinctively senses
dialog: danger.
scene_heading: INT. CAB, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Mundo is too paralyzed to speak. Kim floors the pedal with
text: that dead expression on his face. The 3.9 meter overpass
text: approaches fast.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Okja lets out a piercing SQUEAL - as if calling for Mija.
text: The Uniformed Employees cover their ears.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: As Okja SQUEALS, Mija runs toward the back of the trailer.
text: The overpass is about to slam the back of her head when...
dialog: 38.
text: .+-Mija jumps and hangs onto the rear door handle of the
dialog: trailer.
text: SPARKS fly as the trailer roof scrapes against the underside
text: of the overpass. The horrible sound of metal scratching
text: against concrete, Mundo's scream, and Mija's shouting
text: overwhelm our ears at once.
text: Dangling from the handle, Mija BANGS on the rear door of the
dialog: trailer.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK —- CONTINUOUS
text: The Uniformed Employees stand up to investigate the banging
text: when they get caught between Okja's massive body and the
text: trailer wall. They scream in pain as Okja twists her gigantic
text: body towards Mija.
text: Mija and Okja cry for each other.
scene_heading: I/E. MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: What was that noise?
text: But Kim is preoccupied by something different - something
text: VERY STRANGE occurring 0O.S. His eyes widen.
speaker_heading: MUNDO (CONT'D)
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: What?
text: Mundo follows Kim's startled stare to the side of the truck.
speaker_heading: MUNDO (CONT'D)
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: TERRORISTS?!
text: A black semi is driving purposefully alongside the Mirando
text: truck. The two occupants - both staring at Mundo - are
text: wearing BLACK SKI-MASKS. One wears a SUIT underneath, the
text: other a casual JACKET.
speaker_heading: JACKET
dialog: (broken Korean)
dialog: I'm not terrorist... Nice meet you.
text: But his strange accent, along with the wind noise and roar of
text: the trucks engines, make it impossible for Mundo and Kim to
dialog: understand him.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JACKET
dialog: I don't want hurt you. I don't like
dialog: fighting. Stop car!
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: (to Kim)
dialog: What the hell are they saying?
speaker_heading: JACKET
dialog: I said I don't like fighting. Come
dialog: on, guy. Just cooperate.
dialog: (to the Suit)
dialog: Shit. Fucker doesn't even
dialog: understand my Korean...
text: The Suit just looks at the Jacket - his eyes are a curious
dialog: color.
text: The Jacket rolls up the window. He fixes his ski mask and
text: abruptly turns the handle. SLAM.
text: The black semi rams into the side of the Mirando truck.
text: Mundo screams like a girl.
text: The Mirando truck gets sandwiched between the black semi and
text: the underpass wall. Sparks FLY.
text: Nearby DRIVERS react with horror as the two mammoth trucks
text: duel. Horns blare everywhere.
text: Amidst the chaos the Suit never loses his composure,
text: remaining cool, silent.
text: The Jacket abruptly turns the steering wheel and delivers the
text: final blow. The Mirando truck smashes against the wall.
text: The violent shaking makes Mija lose her grip on the rear door
text: handle. She tumbles onto the asphalt and screams in pain.
dialog: The
dialog: the
dialog: The
dialog: The
text: cars behind her screech and turn to avoid her - adding to
text: Mirando truck is finally forced to a STOP.
text: black semi's trailer door opens and FOUR more people
text: dressed entirely in black and wearing ski-masks come running
text: out - although ONE of the four is noticeably THINNER and
text: SLOWER than the others. They carry various tools. One carries
text: a bolt cutter.
dialog: 40.
text: The Uniformed Mirando Employees open the trailer door and are
text: immediately ambushed by the Black Assailants.
text: The Assailant with the bolt cutter severs the chains binding
text: Okja to the trailer. The Mirando employees watch him,
text: compliantly.
text: Mundo and Kim are trapped in the cab - sandwiched between the
text: wall and the black semi. Mundo desperately tries to open the
dialog: door.
text: The Suit leaves the black semi and walks towards Kim and
text: Mundo. They watch his approach with curiosity. He begins
text: shaking a SPRAY PAINT CAN in his hand.
text: He sprays black paint onto the spotless white front end of
text: the truck. He seems to be writing something.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: What the...
text: But Kim finds the whole situation amusing.
speaker_heading: MUNDO (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you smiling?
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: (Nonchalantly)
dialog: I'm just watching the destruction
dialog: of Mirando property.
text: Kim laughs.
text: Behind the truck, the Black Assailants drag Okja towards
dialog: their trailer.
text: Okja desperately looks around for Mija. But she can't see her
dialog: anywhere.
text: Traffic is at a standstill. DRIVERS in the opposite lane have
dialog: stopped their cars to take pictures and record video of this
text: bizarre sight.
text: Suddenly, among the pileup of cars, a girl ARISES. It is
text: Mija. She limps to a car and climbs onto its roof. Her body
text: is covered in grazes but she is undeterred.
text: She takes a deep breath and blows hard on her WHISTLE. Okja
text: suddenly turns her head as she is being dragged away.
text: Okja and Mija finally see each other.
dialog: 41.
text: Despite her injuries, Mija dashes toward Okja. But Okja
text: cannot move. The Black Assailants have her locked down with
dialog: ropes.
text: Okja tips her body and rolls over the Black Assailants. They
text: scream - crushed by the weight.
text: Okja and Mija beeline toward each other. They REUNITE,
text: OVERJOYED. Like a gunslinger jumping onto a running horse in
text: a Western, Mija grabs the rope tied to Okja's body and
text: swiftly jumps onto her back.
text: Okja pulls an abrupt U-turn and runs toward the open road
text: with Mija on her back.
text: The Suit gives a hand signal to the Black Assailants. They
text: regroup under the Suit's command and board the truck. They
text: chase after Okja.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: (To Kim)
dialog: Follow them!
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Fuck it. What do I care? I’m
dialog: leaving this shit country soon.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: (pulls keys out of
dialog: ignition and tosses them)
dialog: You know what? I DO have a
dialog: commercial driving license, but my
dialog: temporary contract doesn’t cover me
dialog: for workplace injuries.
text: Everything finally makes sense for Mundo. He opens the door
text: and runs out.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: You want a workplace injury
dialog: compensation package?
text: Mundo starts RUNNING in the direction of Okja.
speaker_heading: MUNDO (CONT'D)
dialog: (Over his shoulder to Kim)
dialog: Then you'd better start showing
dialog: some LOYALTY to this COMPANY! And
text: THIS IS WHAT COMPANY LOYALTY LOOKS
speaker_heading: LIKE!
dialog: 42.
text: As Mundo proudly yells this he loses his footing and SLAMS
text: into a PARKED CAR - knocking himself UNCONSCIOUS.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERPASS EXIT - MINUTES LATER
text: The point where the underpass joins the open road. Okja runs
text: at full speed with Mija on her back while the black semi
text: chases them, quickly closing the gap. The Uniformed Employees
text: belatedly join the chase carrying tranquilizer guns. Mundo
text: holds onto his head as he tags along.
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: (to the Uniformed
dialog: Employees )
dialog: Hurry your asses up! Whoever gets
dialog: them first, I'll recommend for a
dialog: permanent contract! With full
dialog: welfare benefits! No bullshit!
text: The Uniformed Employees consider this, and look at each other
text: awkwardly. But only momentarily as they start running at full
dialog: speed.
text: We see police cars approaching from across the intersection
text: with sirens blaring. Mija quickly changes direction and rides
text: Okja toward an underground passage.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND PASSAGE / UNDERGROUND SHOPPING CENTER
text: Okja enters the passage and stumbles down the concrete steps.
text: She’s never climbed stairs before and is anxious about it.
text: PEDESTRIANS scream and scatter at the sight of the giant pig.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Sorry... Get out of the way!!
text: The Suit, the Jacket, and a few of the black assailants
text: follow Okja into the underground. The Pedestrians panic even
text: more at the sight of threatening men in ski masks. The
text: Uniformed Employees follow in with tranquilizer guns, adding
text: to the pandemonium.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND SHOPPING CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: SHOPPERS and SHOP OWNERS scream in horror. Shoes, makeup,
text: clothes and mannequins are blasted into the air as Okja blows
dialog: past.
text: A PART-TIME STUDENT dressed as a PINK PIG distributes flyers
text: in front of a newly opened snack bar decorated with colorful
text: balloons. Dance music blares in the background.
dialog: 43.
text: He sees the enormous pig hurtling toward him. He begins
text: running for his life - the huge pig face still over his head.
text: As he runs, he desperately fishes for an angle with his
text: smartphone - trying to film a video of Okja and himself.
text: As Okja makes a sudden turn, her foot gets caught in a
text: clothing rack jutting out of the corner. She falls on top of
text: glass plates displayed before the adjacent store. A loud
text: CRASH. Mija is thrown off Okja's back, landing head first on
dialog: the floor.
text: The Jacket breaks from his group and rushes to Mija's side,
text: propping her up. Mija looks dazed from the impact.
speaker_heading: JACKET
dialog: Hey! You okay?
text: The Suit turns around to see Uniformed Mirando Employees
text: aiming their tranquilizer guns at Okja!
text: He picks up one of the panels displayed in front of the
text: nearby frame shop. The tranquilizer dart flies through the
text: air and sticks on the panel. THUNK. The other assailants also
text: pick up panels, and the subsequent barrage of darts all fall
text: on panels printed with the images of celebrities.
text: While the Uniformed Employees hurriedly reload their guns,
text: the Suit gives a quick hand signal to his group. The black
text: assailants begin charging toward the Employees like
text: terrorists in an ambush.
text: The Suit calmly walks over to the injured Okja and grabs her
text: ankle. He is caring as he touches Okja, having a natural ease
text: around animals. He immediately locates the broken piece of
text: glass lodged in Okja's foot. He quickly and painlessly plucks
text: it out - like when Mija removed the chestnut bur from Okja's
text: foot back in the mountains.
text: Mija watches, impressed.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Who are you guys?
scene_heading: INT. UNDERPASS - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: ALF... Animal Liberation Front?
text: Kim searches 'A.L.F.' on the Google browser of his
text: smartphone. He looks at the spray-painted "A.L.F" on the
text: front of the Mirando truck.
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND SHOPPING CENTER
text: Instead of answering, the Jacket lifts his t-shirt and shows
text: Mija a TATTOO - a balaclava-wearing, angel-winged Animal
text: Liberation Front member embracing a lamb in his arms.
text: Mija stares blankly at the tattoo as POLICEMEN come running
text: from the opposite end of the passage with tear gas guns
dialog: drawn.
text: The group - along with Okja and Mija - stand and run. The
text: police give chase.
text: The Jacket sees a passage that leads to a garage. He directs
text: the other members towards it and shouts into the phone.
speaker_heading: JACKET
dialog: Underground garage! Zone 3!
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND GARAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: The group bolt out of the door just as the black semi speeds
text: toward them from the opposite side.
text: The back doors of the trailer are already open and Mija jumps
text: in first. She gives a sign to Okja, who climbs in with great
text: difficulty. The A.L.F. members push Okja's behind with their
text: combined strength. Again, ONE seems frailer than the others.
text: Once Okja is inside, the Assailants climb aboard.
text: The Police finally arrive and haphazardly fire their tear gas
text: guns, but to no avail. The black semi speeds away, the back
text: doors still swinging open, the policemen running pathetically
dialog: after them.
text: Suddenly a man squeezes through the group of Policemen and
text: leaps to the front with tremendous speed. It is none other
text: than MUNDO, with the UNIFORMED MIRANDO EMPLOYEES running
text: behind him.
text: Mundo chases the semi with fierce determination. The A.L.F.
text: members watch with mild curiosity.
text: Okja suddenly bends her body and perks up her ears as she
text: turns to Mija. Mija stares in disbelief.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Now?
text: Mija sighs.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I guess you've been holding
text: it in for a long time.
text: Mija gives Okja the sign.
text: Okja begins pooping. The scale is beyond epic.
text: Her tail spins like a propeller as she unleashes a veritable
dialog: ‘shit storm.' Mundo has nearly closed the gap when he's
text: BOMBARDED with countless pieces of shit.
text: Two A.L.F. members look on as Mundo cries in horror.
scene_heading: A.L.F. MEMBER 1
dialog: I never tire of the way they shit.
scene_heading: A.L.F. MEMBER 2
dialog: Could watch it all day.
text: The black semi reaches the exit. It smashes through the gate -—
text: leaving Mundo a dejected shit-covered blob in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER —- CONTINUOUS
text: Mija hugs Okja's face tightly. The A.L.F. members - still in
text: their ski-masks - watch them.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: I'll never leave you again.
speaker_heading: JACKET
dialog: (Translating)
dialog: I'll never leave you again.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: I’m taking you back to the
dialog: mountains.
speaker_heading: JACKET
dialog: (Translating)
dialog: I’m taking you back to the
dialog: mountains.
text: Mija glances suspiciously at the Black Assailants in their
dialog: ski-masks.
scene_heading: FEMALE A.L.F. MEMBER
dialog: Stop with the creepiness, K.
speaker_heading: JACKET
dialog: What? I’m not being creepy.
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: FEMALE A.L.F. MEMBER
dialog: You don’t think that’s creepy?
dialog: Translating everything she’s saying
dialog: in your balaclava and your eerie
dialog: man’s voice?
speaker_heading: JACKET
dialog: (Thinly)
dialog: The mission is no longer as we'd
dialog: planned it because the girl showed
dialog: up so I’m providing the team with
text: unfolding intel. And BY THE WAY.
dialog: This isn’t my “eerie man’s voice”.
dialog: It’s my VOICE.
speaker_heading: SUIT
dialog: nnn nt? quiet authority)
dialog: Ss. !
text: The bickering A.L.F. members dutifully shut up. The Suit
text: walks over to Mija. He crouches to her eye-level and takes
text: off his balaclava. He is JAY - good-looking, serious (30s).
text: As he removes his balaclava, the other A.L.F. members take
text: off theirs. They're all younger than Jay, in their 20s. Jay
text: introduces each member to Mija. Jacket is K (Asian). The
text: woman is RED. The two others are men - BLOND and SILVER. Each
text: are named after the color of their hair. Silver looks sweet,
text: but socially awkward, very thin. Red and Blond look restless.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: ..-And my name is Jay.
text: K TRANSLATES for Mija - word-for-word.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: I'm Mija. And this is Okja.
speaker_heading: K
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Mija. Okja. Those are like old-
dialog: fashioned names. That’s sweet.
text: Jay gives K a “so what” look. Awkward silence.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We are animal lovers. We rescue
dialog: animals from slaughterhouses, zoos,
text: labs. We tear down cages and set
dialog: them free. This is why we rescued
dialog: Okja.
text: Mija bows politely.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Thank you so much.
dialog: 47.
text: Jay speaks in an overly formal manner as he fixes his
text: necktie.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: For forty years our group has
dialog: liberated animals from places of
dialog: abuse.
text: Jay gestures to K. K removes a mini-tablet from his jacket
text: and shows it to Mija.
text: CLOSE on the mini-tablet. OLD ARCHIVE FILM of
text: smashing down doors with hammers and crowbars
text: the caged animals inside.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: We inflict economic damage on those
dialog: who profit from their misery. We
dialog: reveal their atrocities to the
dialog: public. And we never harm anyone -
dialog: human or non-human. That is our
dialog: forty year credo.
dialog: the A.L.F.
dialog: and rescuing
text: THUMP. Jay turns at the sound of something falling and sees
text: Silver barely being held up by Blond. He looks pale, sickly.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay, Silver?
dialog: (to Blond)
dialog: He didn't eat anything even today?
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: (shaking his head)
text: He's still trying to leave the
dialog: smallest footprint he can on the
dialog: planet Earth.
speaker_heading: SILVER
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: All food production is
dialog: exploitative.
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: What about tomatoes?
speaker_heading: SILVER
text: Ripened with ethylene gas.
text: Transported in trucks.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I admire your conviction, Silver,
dialog: but your pallid complexion worries
dialog: me.
text: Jay turns to Mija.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: How long have you and Okja lived
dialog: together?
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Since I was four.
text: At this the group let out a low sigh.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Do you know where she was being
dialog: taken?
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: To America. The Best Super Pig
dialog: Fest.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yes. But she was being taken
dialog: somewhere else first. Mija. You
dialog: need to prepare yourself.
dialog: Everything you believe you know
dialog: about Okja is a lie.
text: Mija instinctively reaches out to touch Okja.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okja's other destination was...
text: K presses the screen on his mini-tablet. We see PHOTOGRAPHS
text: of a WAREHOUSE. It looks ABANDONED. But it's surrounded by
text: barbed wired fences and AMERICAN SECURITY GUARDS.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: This underground laboratory in
dialog: Paramus, New Jersey. This is the
dialog: building where Okja was created.
text: Mija frowns - then grins.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: No, Okja was born on a ranch in
dialog: Arizona. Her mother was born in
text: Chile. On a beautiful farm.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Okja was created in this lab. So
dialog: was her so-called 'mother'. This is
dialog: where Mirando experiment with their
dialog: genetically mutated animals.
text: Mija looks troubled.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: They're looking to develop the
dialog: breed that will generate them the
dialog: biggest profit. In that very lab.
dialog: You and the other local farmers
dialog: across the world are just
dialog: promotional devices for them - just
text: a picturesque backdrop.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Backdrop?
speaker_heading: SILVER
dialog: They make everything seem cosy. But
dialog: it's not cosy. It's never cosy.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Mirando know their consumers won't
dialog: eat mutant GM foods. So ten years
dialog: ago their 'beautiful' head
dialog: psychopath Lucy Mirando - who by
dialog: the way became CEO by forcing out
dialog: another psychopath named Nancy
dialog: Mirando in a fucked-up coup
dialog: d'état... Anyway, they went into
dialog: the laboratory and dug around
text: amongst all the disfigured,
text: misshapen creatures to unearth the
dialog: prettiest ones.
text: As K quietly translates, he shows Mija more photographs of
text: the laboratory's innocuous-looking exterior.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: And then - big fanfare - she sent
dialog: them around the world.
text: K pulls up a file on his mini-tablet. It's VIDEO of Lucy's
dialog: press conference from ten years ago. We see the photographs
text: of the SUPER PIGLETS being handed to farmers across the
text: world. We see Lucy on the stage...
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: When do we get to see the big pigs?
dialog: 50.
text: For a tiny moment, Lucy looks like she doesn't know what to
text: say. Then she recovers.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Ten years.
text: K pauses the video - a freeze-frame of Lucy, a triumphant
text: glint in her eye.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You know why she said ten years? To
dialog: consolidate power. The longer the
dialog: project's duration, the longer
dialog: she'd get to be at the top, running
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: And those were the ten years you
dialog: spent with Okja.
text: Mija stares blankly, her face crowded with conflicting
dialog: emotions.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: And now the ten years are nearly
dialog: up. They've been frantically
dialog: breeding super pigs and soon the
dialog: supermarkets will be filled with
dialog: their flesh and organs. Dog food,
dialog: hot dogs, bacon...
text: K translates clearly for Mija.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Our plan is to put a stop to their
dialog: project by exposing the lab and its
dialog: crimes against animals. But to do
dialog: so, we need video from inside -
dialog: footage of the horrible atrocities
dialog: being committed in the lab. And
dialog: there's a problem.
text: Mija is now completely immersed in the story. She looks at
text: him intently.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
text: The security is impenetrable. Other
dialog: groups have tried and failed to get
dialog: in.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: But there is a way. Although we
dialog: will only go ahead with it if you
dialog: give us your consent.
dialog: 51.
text: At this, K stops translating and stares at Jay. So do the
text: other A.L.F. members.
text: Jay nods.
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: If this kid doesn't give her
dialog: consent, we're going to abandon the
dialog: mission?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to K)
dialog: Please don't translate. Hold on.
dialog: (to everyone)
dialog: We do not harm any non-human or
dialog: human. This little girl is Okja's
dialog: family and I will not harm her by
text: forcing a mission upon her that she
dialog: does not consent to.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: We have to abort just because some
dialog: man from the 1970s wrote a fucking
dialog: ‘credo'?
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: Tradition doesn't make a movement
text: strong.
speaker_heading: SILVER
dialog: (coughing violently)
dialog: WE make a movement strong.
text: Jay looks around coolly at his riled up colleagues. He
text: doesn't have to raise his voice. His quiet charisma instantly
text: subdues everyone. The trailer, once again silent.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (Calmly)
dialog: If that's how you feel call
dialog: yourself something else and not the
dialog: A.L.F. and don't come around here
dialog: anymore.
text: The members look abashed by Jay's words. Jay quietly gazes
text: into Mija's eyes.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: In order to expose Mirando we need
text: video from inside the laboratory...
text: K hesitates briefly before continuing to translate.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: And this is where your Okja comes
dialog: in. The Mirando scientists are
text: dying to get their hands on her at
dialog: their underground lab. Their star
dialog: super pig! They’re desperate to put
text: her through a slew of tests.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Which is why we've made this.
text: K removes a small, black electronic device from his pocket
text: and shows it to Mija.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
text: It looks exactly like the black box
dialog: on Okja's ear, right? But this one
dialog: has a transmitter that will
dialog: wirelessly send their video feed to
dialog: us. We want to replace the device
dialog: on Okja's ear with this, so Okja
dialog: can send us a live feed from inside
dialog: the laboratory.
speaker_heading: K
dialog: (in Korean - to Mija)
dialog: It will be like Okja's hidden
dialog: camera show!
text: Mija is still confused.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: You want to send Okja to America?
dialog: To this laboratory?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I'm sorry. That was indeed our
dialog: plan. Rescue Okja, replace the
text: black box, and let Mirando retake
dialog: Okja.
text: Mija can't believe what she's hearing.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: But don’t worry. They won't hurt
dialog: Okja. They wouldn't dare. She needs
dialog: to be perfect for their beauty
dialog: pageant. Whatever tests they'll do
dialog: on her in there will need to be
dialog: harmless.
text: Mija nods but looks concerned.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You have to trust us. We've been
dialog: planning this mission for a long
dialog: time. We have a detailed plan on
dialog: how to rescue her from the event in
dialog: New York City. We promise to bring
dialog: her back to you.
text: We hear POLICE SIRENS growing closer in the background. Jay
text: carefully puts a hand on Mija's shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: If our mission succeeds we'll be
dialog: able to shut down Mirando's Super
dialog: Pig project completely. We'll be
dialog: saving millions of Super Pigs like
dialog: Okja from death.
text: Jay looks straight into Mija's eyes, pleading earnestly. Mija
text: looks straight back.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: But we won't do it without your
dialog: approval.
text: Mija looks at Jay with a grave expression. The police sirens
text: in the distance get louder...
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: What is your decision?
text: K translates the last question in a solemn voice.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: I'm going back to the mountain with
dialog: Okja.
text: She says it just like that - bluntly and squarely. In Korean,
text: it sounds even more blunt and square. K tries to hide his
text: surprise, speechless. Jay and the other members eagerly await
dialog: his translation.
text: K takes a deep breath before saying...
speaker_heading: K
text: She agrees to the mission.
text: Neither Mija nor the A.L.F. members notice K's lie. The
text: members applaud vigorously. Jay gives her a warm, sincere
text: hug, deeply moved. Mija stands there, not knowing what just
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 54.
text: The SIRENS are closer than ever.
text: The members put on their balaclavas. kK opens the small side
text: door of the trailer. Cold wind rushes in.
text: He yells into his cell phone:
speaker_heading: K
dialog: Go!!
text: He takes out a Ziplock bag from his pocket and puts his mini-
text: tablet and iPhone in the bag. The members form a single file
text: before him and deposit their own cell phones into the bag.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERSIDE EXPRESSWAY - EVENING
text: The sun has nearly set. The black semi races through the dark
text: riverside road. We see police cars and Mirando security cars
text: chasing after it with SIRENS blaring.
text: The semi steers toward the railing, so close that we plainly
text: see the dark river below. While other A.L.F. members hesitate
text: nervously, Silver limps to the door and fearlessly jumps off
dialog: the truck.
speaker_heading: SILVER
dialog: Aaaaah - !!
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER, BLACK SEMI
text: Motivated by Silver, Blond and Red dive off after him. Jay is
text: the last one to put his cell phone in K's Ziplock bag. He
text: turns to Mija.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Till we meet again.
text: Jay swiftly dives out of the truck. K winks at Mija as he
text: closes the Ziplock bag bulging with cell phones.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK, HAN RIVER - EVENING
text: A BIKER riding along the bank looks up in surprise when a
text: black figure jumps from the expressway above and SPLASHES
text: into the water. SPLASH, SPLASH. Columns of water go up, and
text: the black figures subsequently swim out of the water one by
text: one. JOGGERS stop and watch the bizarre spectacle.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERSIDE EXPRESSWAY / TRAILER, BLACK SEMI - EVENING
text: Once K jumps, the A.L.F. member who was driving stops the
text: truck and runs out. He throws his outdated folder phone into
text: the river and himself jumps off the expressway. SPLASH.
text: The police cars and Mirando security cars surround the black
text: semi. POLICEMEN run out of their vehicles and look down at
text: the river, defeated. The circular ripples from the last
text: splash slowly disperse.
speaker_heading: POLICE 1
dialog: You swim?
speaker_heading: POLICE 2
dialog: Uh-uh. Never.
text: While the Police look for a way down to the bank, the
text: Uniformed Mirando Employees open the door of the trailer.
text: Headlights and red police lights flood inside the trailer to
text: reveal Okja and a wide-eyed Mija standing side by side. Mija
text: tries to hide her confusion and anger, but her eyes are moist
text: with tears.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: The Animal Liberation Front...
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM, MIRANDO COMPANY HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: ON THE TV: Amateur footage of A.L.F. members with bolt
text: cutters and other tools ambushing the Mirando truck in the
text: underpass.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: ..-hasn't been in the headlines for
dialog: a number of years, but they are
dialog: back in the spotlight after today's
dialog: extraordinary events.
text: 16 people - including Lucy Mirando, Frank, Johnny, and
text: Jennifer - sit around the table and watch the news. They are
text: silent, their expressions grave. The scene looks exactly like
text: the photo of Obama, Hillary and the national security team
text: watching the Bin Laden raid in the White House situation room
text: - right down to the gestures and the facial expressions.
text: The only unruffled person among them is head assistant Frank,
text: who sits in the middle in a leisurely, presidential manner.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: The group seems to have been highly
dialog: organized.
dialog: 56.
text: ON THE TV: We see KIM - the Mirando driver - being
text: interviewed in front of the truck spray-painted with the
text: "A.L.F." sign. He speaks surprisingly good English.
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: They were fast, organized, and on
dialog: point, like ninjas. No way a salary
dialog: man from Mirando could take them.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Mirando is completely fucked!
dialog: Completely fucked!
text: A BEEP censors Kim every time he says "fucked," but he says
text: it with such emphasis that it is impossible not to read his
dialog: lips.
text: The Mirando employees bat their eyes nervously, worried about
text: Lucy's reaction.
text: ON THE TV: A repeat of the news footage of A.L.F. members
text: running in formation.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE 1
dialog: Look at that one!
text: He points at the blurry figure of Silver, lagging behind.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Get some exercise, you dick!
text: He laughs and glances at Lucy for approval. The tension is
text: palpable.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I wouldn't worry too much, Luce.
dialog: The A.L.F technically failed.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE 1
dialog: They weren't even able to take the
dialog: product.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE 2
text: This is just a kerfuffle over
dialog: nothing. We shouldn't make a big
dialog: deal out of it.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE 1
dialog: It actually means the security at
dialog: our US facilities and main office
dialog: is so airtight that they wouldn't
dialog: even think about breaking in.
dialog: That's why they went all the way to
dialog: South Korea.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE 2
dialog: The important thing is that the pig
text: is on its way to New York now.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (Brightly)
dialog: Right! The Best Super Pig Fest will
dialog: continue as planned!
text: Their eyes flicker nervously towards Lucy - who has thus far
text: said nothing. Finally, she stirs.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I know what they call me. They call
dialog: me a psychopath.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: YOU'RE not a psychopath! THEY'RE
dialog: the psychopaths, right, Ms.
dialog: Mirando? They're narcissists.
text: Jennifer glances around the conference room, pleased with
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Do narcissists wear balaclavas?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh, crazy radicals have been
dialog: calling us psychopaths since the
dialog: "60s! You're a psychopath! Your
dialog: sister's a psychopath! Your daddy
dialog: was a psychopath!
text: We barely notice, but Frank has a CELLPHONE concealed in his
text: hand. We see the name "Nancy Mirando" on the screen. He's
text: surreptitiously pointing it in Lucy's direction.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Daddy WAS a psychopath, Frank.
dialog: That's not an unfair slur. "What
dialog: did YOU do in the War, Daddy?" "I
dialog: manufactured the napalm that made
dialog: everyone's skin fall off!" And he
dialog: calls ME an idiot loser?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: In fairness to your father when he
dialog: called you an idiot loser...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Yes?
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You had just signed up for a two
dialog: year course in California called
dialog: Unleash Your Calling.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: At a highly respected Institute for
dialog: the Advancement of Human Potential.
dialog: Where many forward-thinking CEOs
dialog: go.
text: Lucy's anxiety level is rising. She's beginning to display
text: subtle OCD symptoms - repeating phrases and movements.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: And if you can't see the
dialog: correlation between the advancement
dialog: of my human potential and the fact
dialog: we're currently on the cusp of the
dialog: biggest product launch in the
dialog: history of the food industry then I
dialog: don't know what! You know how I
dialog: spent my time at the Institute?
dialog: VISUALIZING new and better ways of
dialog: doing business! While SISTER was...
dialog: what was the name of the lake that
dialog: exploded?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Moose Lake.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: While my sister was dumping so much
dialog: toxic waste into Moose Lake it
dialog: EXPLODED... the only lake ever to
dialog: explode, well done, Nancy... I was
dialog: visualizing how to turn the most
dialog: hated agrochemical company in
dialog: America into the most likeable
dialog: miracle pig rearing company. And
dialog: it's WORKING! It's WORKING! It was
dialog: WORKING until last night. Until
dialog: last night the synthesis between
dialog: New Mirando and Old Mirando was
dialog: impeccable!
text: Lucy holds both of her hands in the air.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: I took science...
text: Lucy manipulates her left hand into a deformed claw.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: And nature...
text: Lucy waves her right hand softly, mimicking ocean waves or a
text: field of crops blowing gently in the wind.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: And I synthesized.
text: She brings both hands together, mimicking a flower blooming.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: And EVERYONE loved it. Remember
dialog: what the New York Times called our
dialog: Super Pigs? "Intriguing." Slate:
dialog: "Lucy Mirando is pulling off the
dialog: impossible. She's making us fall in
dialog: love with a creature that we're
dialog: also excited about eating." These
dialog: are journalists who never write
dialog: about pigs! They never write about
dialog: pigs! But they wrote about OUR
dialog: pigs. Ten years of planning! We're
text: on the cusp of launching a product
dialog: that will feed MILLIONS! And what
dialog: happens? We fall victim to
dialog: terrorism. And somehow WE'RE the
dialog: ones that come out looking bad?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Oh, we don't look too bad!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: We don't? Rewind!
text: A beat. Jennifer nervously presses rewind - knowing Lucy is
dialog: right about how bad they look.
text: ON THE TV: Footage of the moment of Okja's recapture.
text: Uniformed Mirando Employees drag Okja back to the Mirando
text: truck. We see Mija crying and desperately trying to stop
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: Following the failed kidnapping,
dialog: Mirando Company employees were
dialog: securing their super pig when a
text: young girl suddenly stepped in and
dialog: tried to stop them.
text: ON THE TV: Uniformed Mirando Employees - the guys Mundo had
dialog: promised full time contracts to - pull Mija away. They're
text: rough, violent.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: The girl was later revealed to be
dialog: the granddaughter of a local farmer
dialog: selected by Mirando CEO Lucy
dialog: Mirando to...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Pause.
dialog: Jennifer does.
text: ON THE TV: FREEZE-FRAME of the Uniformed Employees roughly
text: pulling the poor, crying Mija away.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: And there it is! The image that's
dialog: going to destroy us! Who are those
dialog: idiots?
text: Lucy points at the Uniformed Employees.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Find out and fire them.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (Brightly)
dialog: Sure! Leave it with me!
text: Jennifer looks delighted and relieved that others are getting
dialog: the blame.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Abusing that adorable girl in the
dialog: uniforms I personally designed!
dialog: What are we famous for?
text: A silence, before it dawns on the Executives that Lucy isn't
text: asking a rhetorical question.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE 1
dialog: Super pigs?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Holding indigenous farmers in high
dialog: esteem! Who are we violently
dialog: manhandling right there on TV?
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE 2
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The granddaughter of an indigenous
dialog: farmer.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Is that the reason why she's
dialog: crying?
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE 1
dialog: (cautiously)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: It's one of two reasons she's
dialog: crying. What's the other reason?
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE 2
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We're taking away her super pig?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: We are shoving her best friend into
dialog: a truck! That's going to kill us.
dialog: Right there. That image. We're
dialog: dead.
text: Unbeknownst to Lucy, Frank has his phone pressed to his ear,
text: listening. He puts it down. Suddenly, he pushes his chair
text: back with a loud SQUEAK. He casually saunters over to the
text: coffee machine and makes himself a capsule coffee. The
text: machine pisses out coffee with a loud, obnoxious WHIR.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Lucy... May I say something?
text: Frank looks over at Lucy as he smells his coffee.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: The girl. You're thinking of
dialog: inviting her to New York, aren't
dialog: you?
text: A light bulb goes off in Lucy's head.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I was just about to say that!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes, of course.
dialog: (nods )
dialog: You'll invite her to The Best Super
dialog: Pig Festival and...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: A moving reunion! The Best Pig and
text: the adorable farmer girl forced to
text: part but reunited on our stage.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Of course!
dialog: (smiles)
text: Brilliant, Lucy.
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: An emotional reunion, then the two
text: of them leave the stage. Hand in
dialog: hand. Hand in trotter!
text: Frank watches Lucy become more and more excited. He is more
dialog: laid back than ever.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: She'll be the face of the Mirando
dialog: Company! The living embodiment of
dialog: the Mirando ideal. Young, pretty,
dialog: eco-friendly, global! She's a
dialog: godsend! Are you writing all this
dialog: down?!
text: Jennifer and the Executives write notes with fury.
text: Suddenly Johnny stands up in a HUFF.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Uh. She's not the face of the
dialog: Mirando Company. I am. You don't
dialog: even know if she can DO anything
dialog: other than cry. Whereas I am much
dialog: loved all over the world!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (With unexpected venom)
dialog: Sit down.
text: Johnny lets out a GASP.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You're... forcing me to...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: To do WHAT?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: To examine my options.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Go on then. Examine them. Are you
dialog: examining them now? Have you
dialog: finished examining them?
text: Lucy stares at Johnny. He sits down - his humiliation
dialog: complete.
dialog: 63.
text: Lucy resumes her conversation with Jennifer like nothing
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Get her a first-class ticket and
dialog: book her a hotel! She probably
dialog: doesn't have a passport. Get her a
dialog: passport! Don't try to force an
text: image on her - like what Benetton
dialog: did to those Asian girl models.
text: Jennifer takes notes with impossible speed, her pen a mere
dialog: blur.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: No! I've got a BETTER idea! Get her
dialog: wearing a Mirando uniform. Let's
dialog: reclaim the uniform after what
dialog: those idiots did!
scene_heading: INT. CEO OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Lucy's limp body is sprawled on the sofa. Her iPhone rings.
text: The words Nancy Mirando flash up on the screen.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (Muttering)
dialog: Oh fuck off.
text: Lucy ignores it. But the phone keeps ringing. Finally Lucy
text: picks up.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey Nance!
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: Hey Luce!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I guess you saw the news. Don't
dialog: worry. It's under control.
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: What news? What are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh. Nothing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, how's London? Do you ever get
dialog: time to go to fun places like the
dialog: London Eye and the London Dungeon?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: I never have a free minute, but I
dialog: figure running Mirando Global is
dialog: more taxing than running Mirando
dialog: UK. Oh! You should try Madam
dialog: Tussauds! Have you been there yet?
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I heard such an interesting thing
dialog: about Madam Tussauds. When the
dialog: celebrities become has-beens they
dialog: just melt down the heads and turn
dialog: them into someone more fashionable.
dialog: Saddam Hussain is Justin Timberlake
dialog: now. Anyway. How ARE you?
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: I just phoned to wish you luck. 10
dialog: years! Your dream project is
dialog: finally about to come to fruition!
dialog: Everything you've worked towards!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Yeah, it's exciting!
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: It must be, right? The basket
dialog: containing all of your eggs! Every
dialog: single one of your eggs! You must
dialog: be SO excited.
text: The blood drains from Lucy's face. Nancy can still terrify
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: You must be SO excited!
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION, SEOUL - EARLY MORNING
text: Mija crouches inside the police station. A few REPORTERS
text: surround her, shoving their microphones into her face.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: They're going to charge you with
dialog: property damage and obstruction of
dialog: justice. Did you know that?
text: Mija looks blank.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Animal Liberal Front, right?
dialog: People are saying you're a member.
dialog: Is that true?
text: Mija stays silent, her head lowered. The Reporter comes
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: It says on the Internet you have an
dialog: A.L.F. tattoo on your arm.
text: Reporter 2 tries to lift up her sleeve, but Mija slaps his
text: hand away. A FEMALE REPORTER who'd been watching from behind
text: jumps in and tries to forcibly pull up Mija's sleeve. Mija
text: resists mightily. As she grapples with the Female Reporter,
text: we see someone hurtling into the station in the background
text: with a worried face - Hee Bong.
text: Hee Bong squeezes in between the Reporters and grabs Mija's
text: arm. He raises the sleeve himself.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: Let me see!
text: The Reporters briefly step back at Hee Bong's apparent
text: aggression. Hee Bong checks Mija's arms, neck, everywhere.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me where you were hurt. Are
dialog: you okay?
text: With that, the floodgates open. Mija puts her arms around Hee
text: Bong and begins to bawl. Hee Bong embraces her tightly. The
text: Reporters quickly realize who Hee Bong is and shove their
text: mics toward him. FLASHES explode.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop with the cameras... She's just
text: a baby.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: You're her guardian, aren't you?
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: Go away...
text: Hee Bong hides Mija with one arm while pushing away the
text: Reporters with the other. He is never violent but puts up a
text: formidable fight as he fends them off. He is old but strong.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: Be civil, will you? Don't test me
dialog: now...
dialog: 66.
text: The Reporters are backing away when one of them suddenly dips
text: down and POPS a flash up at Mija's face. Hee Bong violently
text: SLAPS the camera away, stunning the Reporter.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry! That's an expensive camera.
text: As soon as he apologizes he returns to roughly pushing the
text: reporters. The grappling match becomes more and more heated.
text: DETECTIVES and POLICE OFFICERS belatedly swarm the scene.
text: The station quickly descends into chaos.
text: Suddenly, a familiar voice rings throughout the station.
speaker_heading: MUNDO (0.S.)
dialog: Mi -Ja-!
text: Mundo is walking into the station. Choi - the Mirando Korea
text: translator from the mountain - follows him with a flower
text: basket. Wearing a radiant smile, Mundo walks past bewildered
text: faces and hands the flower basket to Mija. It is lavishly
text: decorated with Mirando company colors.
scene_heading: I/E. CONVENIENCE STORE - EARLY MORNING
text: The store is brightly lit by fluorescent lights. Mija stands
text: at the window-side bar and eats cup ramen. The flower basket
text: lies next to her. Mundo and Hee Bong and Choi smoke in front
dialog: of the store.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: So all the damage in the shopping
dialog: center... Mirando will pay for that
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: How many times do I have to tell
dialog: you? HQ is paying for everything.
dialog: The main office in America.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: The glass door in your office Mija
dialog: shattered. That too?
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: That's what you're worried about?
dialog: They are inviting her out to
dialog: America. She'll be doing Mirando
dialog: commercials pretty soon.
text: Having finished her ramen, Mija walks out toward Hee Bong and
text: Mundo. She hurls the Mirando flower basket at Mundo's feet.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Forget commercials. Get her on the
dialog: phone right now!
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Phone? Who?
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: I need to talk to Okja. I need to
dialog: find out how she is.
text: Choi stares blankly.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: They do that... you know, talk to
dialog: each other. They’ve always done it.
speaker_heading: CHOL
dialog: (scrambling)
dialog: Okja's probably on the plane right
text: now. She won't be able to answer.
text: OVER Mija's seething face, we hear the deafening noise of an
dialog: airplane.
text: As upbeat MONTAGE MUSIC begins, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JFK INT'L AIRPORT - DAY
text: We see a large passenger airliner from behind as it touches
text: down on a landing strip. The wheels touch the ground with an
text: ear-splitting noise.
scene_heading: EXT. STORAGE HANGAR, JFK - DAY
text: As the MONTAGE MUSIC continues, we see large CARGO being
text: unloaded from the back of the plane. We follow one of the
text: containers - a large metal cage. We see Okja crouched inside.
scene_heading: MIRANDO HQ EMPLOYEES and PRIVATE SECURITY CONTRACTORS swarm
text: the cage as soon as it hits the tarmac.
scene_heading: I/E. CAGE, MOVING TRUCK - DAY
text: Okja sits inside the cage with a sullen expression. She
text: nervously blinks her eyes.
dialog: 68.
text: OKJA'S POV: Through a small opening on the side, she sees the
text: unfamiliar scenery of New York passing by. The fake black-
text: box/video transmission device is also pointed outside.
scene_heading: I/E. A.L.F. SEDAN, NEW YORK STREETS - DAY
text: The A.L.F. team is crowded into the Sedan. Brief static as
text: K's laptop begins receiving the video signal from Okja.
speaker_heading: K
dialog: Got it! The signal's good.
dialog: (to the members in the
dialog: backseat)
dialog: We're seeing what Okja's seeing.
text: K sits in the passenger seat with his laptop connected to a
text: satellite receiver. Through the front windshield, we see the
text: Mirando truck about 50 meters ahead of the sedan.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: (driving)
dialog: Hey, pretty good resolution. Can't
dialog: wait to see inside the laboratory!
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: Brought to you live from Mirando's
dialog: secret underground lab. We invite
dialog: you to the mecca of genetic
dialog: modification!
text: Blond giggles as he imitates a travel channel host. He keeps
text: pushing a sandwich into Silver's hand, who only picks at it
text: and looks through its contents. Jay sits behind K and quietly
text: regards the laptop screen.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (barely containing his
dialog: excitement )
dialog: In this moment only the five of us
dialog: know what the whole world will soon
dialog: know. This mission has the
dialog: potential to surpass ...my God...
dialog: we may surpass even the Silver
dialog: Spring Monkey liberation in terms
dialog: of epoch-defining A.L.F.
dialog: operations! We are ushering in a
dialog: new era!
text: The members cringe at Jay’s pompous way of talking. An
text: awkward silence. K yells to Red, trying to change the mood.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: K
dialog: Slow down. Let's put some distance
dialog: between us and them. I want to test
text: how far the signal reaches.
scene_heading: EXT. R.F.K BRIDGE - DAY
text: The MONTAGE MUSIC escalates. The East River glistens under
text: the sun. A vast AERIAL VIEW: The Mirando truck crosses the
text: bridge, surrounded by escort vehicles. We see the A.L.F.
text: sedan far behind.
scene_heading: INT. INCHEON INT'L AIRPORT - DAY
text: The MONTAGE MUSIC continues.
text: Mija wears a passport/ticket pouch over her neck, the ones
text: given to unaccompanied minors. Hee Bong takes out the gold
text: pig from his pocket.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: Take this. In case there's an
dialog: emergency. You might need money.
dialog: Make sure you hide it well.
text: Mija takes it, hugs Hee Bong. Mundo hurries Mija toward the
text: departure gate, where reporters are gathered. Choi hands Mija
text: a large bouquet.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Where’s Okja now? Why won't you let
dialog: me talk to her?
speaker_heading: MUNDO
dialog: (forced smile)
dialog: We'll call her soon! Let's take a
dialog: picture first.
text: A shoddy event obviously organized at the last minute.
dialog: ‘Congratulations - Winner of the Best Super Pig World
dialog: Competition. Joo Mija Send-Off Ceremony.' The Mirando Korea
text: BRANCH PRESIDENT and the DIRECTOR of the National Livestock
text: Cooperative have already taken their places under the banner.
text: Mundo shoves Mija between them. Mija forces a toothy smile as
text: cameras FLASH.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (to Mundo - through her
dialog: forced smile)
dialog: You want me to be nice in New York?
dialog: Get me Okja on the phone.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. MARKETING DEPARTMENT, MIRANDO HQ - DAY
text: The MONTAGE MUSIC continues.
text: CLOSE on a screen: We see an amateur You Tube VIDEO of Mija
dialog: riding Okja in the Seoul supermarket. It’s had 126 million
dialog: views.
text: A team of young MIRANDO MARKETING EMPLOYEES sit in front of
text: their computers and eagerly watch their boss, Jennifer.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (Brightly)
dialog: And... GO!
text: All at once, the Mirando Marketing Employees begin
text: enthusiastically typing.
text: CLOSE on their screens: They're typing messages on TWITTER
text: and TUMBLR and FACEBOOK and YOU TUBE and INSTAGRAM - an
dialog: orchestrated corporate endeavor to flood the Internet with
dialog: Mirando positivity:
dialog: "Yo, I heard the hot You Tube girl riding the giant pig is
dialog: coming to NYC!!!" "Cute!" "Totally my type!" "She's gonna be
dialog: at the Mirando Best Super Pig Fest in NYC!! AWESOME!" "LOVE
dialog: HER!!!" "The hot girl and Dr. Johnny and the giant pig
dialog: together in NYC!!! SO COOL!!!"
scene_heading: INT. PLANE - NIGHT
text: Mija sleeps, her body awkwardly folded in her first-class
text: seat. A FEMALE CABIN ATTENDANT stops to pull up her blarket.
text: She removes the “Smile: Beginner's Conversation English" book
text: from her hand and puts it in the seat-back pocket. Mija
text: sweats from a nightmare. Her eyes twitch under the lids.
scene_heading: INSERT - MIJA'S DREAM / FLASHBACK
text: Grainy B & W footage. POV of Mija sitting in the backseat of
dialog: a compact car:
text: Okja - at this point a piglet - looks up from Mija's embrace
text: and tries to lick her face/the CAMERA. In the front seat, we
text: see the back of Mija's DAD, who turns toward Mija, but whose
text: face is washed featureless by the strong backlight. We also
text: see the silhouette of Mija's MOM in the next seat. Her mouth
text: is open wide as if to scream, but we can't hear anything.
dialog: 71.
text: Through the front windshield, we see a large truck crossing
text: the yellow line of the narrow mountain road and hurtling
text: toward Mija's car. Okja the piglet SQUEALS in the foreground.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The car is crashed in the woods on the steep incline
text: bordering the road. Okja crawls out of the broken window and
text: looks inside the car with a worried look. We see five-year-
text: old Mija bleeding, her eyes out of focus. Okja climbs toward
text: the road as fast as she can.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Grainy footage from a fixed high angle CAMERA... seems to be
text: traffic camera footage from the road:
text: Okja climbs onto the road and begins SQUEALING frantically
text: toward the cars as they whiz by dangerously close to her. One
text: car stops, and a YOUNG MAN steps out. Okja continues to
text: SQUEAL as she leads the man down to the woods. The man
text: discovers the wreckage and hurries down the incline after
dialog: her.
text: The upbeat MONTAGE MUSIC changes into...
scene_heading: I/E. LABORATORY ENTRANCE, PARAMUS, NEW JERSEY - EVENING
scene_heading: ..-DARK, OPPRESSIVE MUSIC.
text: CLOSE ON Okja's terrified face as she's dragged into the
text: dilapidated warehouse - the front for the laboratory. The
text: lights are dim and the atmosphere ominous.
scene_heading: I/E. NEARBY MOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The A.L.F. team is gathered around the laptop, eyes anxiously
text: on the screen. Red opens the large bag and takes out a round
dialog: satellite dish.
text: K connects the satellite dish to the receiver. With the dish
text: up, static decreases and the image becomes clearer.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Are we recording?
speaker_heading: K
dialog: Of course.
text: We begin to see the inside of the secret laboratory through
text: Okja's POV. The A.L.F. members all lean in.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: SILVER
dialog: Oh my God.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - WHITE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Okja's POV: We see small cages lined on either side of the
text: hallway, each containing tiny Super Piglets: A piglet with a
text: hideously large tumor, one with red, veiny eyes and neck-
text: twitching tic symptoms, one dragging its deformed hind
dialog: legs...
text: Victims of genetic experimentation. They SQUEAL loudly when
text: they see Okja. Okja also lets out a heart-wrenching SQUEAL as
text: if commiserating with the piglets in the cages.
text: The seasoned MIRANDO LABORATORY WORKERS move Okja toward a
text: steel door, pulling on her leash and poking her from behind
text: with stun batons. The Worker in the front opens the door to
text: reveal an immaculate white room. Inside the room is none
text: other than Dr. Johnny Wiseman! He greets Okja
text: enthusiastically, dressed in a white gown.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Okja!
text: He runs his hands over Okja's body.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: So we reunite. In this wretched
dialog: laboratory no less.
text: Johnny lovingly caresses Okja's face, clearly drunk. Behind
text: him, we see a hideous male Super Pig twisting its gigantic
text: body. It is about 1.5 times the size of Okja.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me introduce you to each other.
dialog: Alfonso, say hello to Okja! Okja,
dialog: Alfonso! Your boyfriend! Haha!
text: Johnny drags Okja toward ALFONSO, the male pig. As the steel
text: door shuts with a loud CLANK, the MONTAGE MUSIC abruptly
dialog: stops.
text: Oppressive SILENCE fills the screen.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Heavy silence. The faces of the A.L.F. members are lit by the
text: ghostly light of the computer screen.
dialog: 73.
text: They are seeing Okja's POV, but because one side of the
text: ‘White Room' is covered entirely by a mirror, they see
dialog: everything Okja is going through.
text: Johnny and the Lab Workers drag Okja toward Alfonso, who is
text: increasingly excited at the sight of her. Okja's fearful
text: SCREAM pierces the computer speakers.
speaker_heading: SILVER
dialog: Can you turn down the volume,
dialog: please?
text: K lowers the volume, his face filled with dread.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: (Sobbing)
dialog: We should never have sent her
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: Stop it!
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: We knowingly sent her into that
dialog: chamber of horrors...
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: No we didn't! We didn't know they'd
dialog: hurt her! That, you know, they’d
dialog: put her through a ...mating.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: We suspected. Come on. We all
dialog: suspected.
text: Okja's SCREAM and Red's sobbing become blended in a sorrowful
text: harmony. The male members sit in uncomfortable silence. K
text: looks especially distraught. Jay quietly approaches Red and
text: puts a hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Don't cry. We can't be weak.
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: Right. This is all the more reason
dialog: to stay focused and stick to our
dialog: plan.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: The little girl trusted us with
dialog: Okja. We have to respect her
dialog: bravery.
text: K cannot keep it to himself any longer.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: K
dialog: She never agreed to send Okja.
text: What? All eyes fall on K. Red stops crying.
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: What did you just say?
speaker_heading: K
dialog: When she was in our truck... She
dialog: said she was "taking Okja back to
dialog: the mountains."
text: Jay and the members are speechless.
speaker_heading: K (CONT'D)
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: I lied.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: You little piece of shit! I knew
dialog: something was up in that truck!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: Why did you lie?
speaker_heading: K
dialog: I don't know. In that moment... I
dialog: just couldn't stop the mission. It
dialog: was the coolest mission ever.
text: K stares at the cool A.L.F. tattoo on his wrist. Jay gets up
text: from the sofa and walks over. He gently lays a hand on K's
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: K, it's okay. Look at me.
text: As soon as K looks up - POW - Jay drives a fist across his
text: face. Before the other members can even react, Jay pushes K
text: into a corner and begins pummeling him mercilessly.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I hold you dear to my heart - as I
dialog: do all creatures - but you have
dialog: dishonored the forty year history
dialog: and meaningful legacy of the Animal
dialog: Liberation Front. You have betrayed
dialog: the great minds and brave fighters
dialog: who preceded you.
text: Even as he unloads a savage beating, Jay maintains his formal
text: manner of speech, speaking like he's at an academic seminar.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You have besmirched a forty year
dialog: tradition.
text: Jay withdraws his fists and gathers his breath. He looks down
dialog: at K.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Never mistranslate. Translations
dialog: are sacred.
text: Jay throws a bag at K.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: From this moment on you are no
dialog: longer a member of the A.L.F. You
dialog: are permanently banned. Get out.
dialog: However, since it's vital that we
dialog: proceed with our mission, we will
dialog: have to return your equipment after
dialog: its completion. Consider this your
dialog: last contribution to the A.L.F.
text: K wipes the blood off his lips, dejected, disgraced. He puts
text: the bag over his shoulder and begins to walk out. He stops by
text: the table and adjusts the position of the satellite dish.
text: When he does, the image on the laptop instantly becomes
dialog: clearer.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - WHITE ROOM - LATER
text: CLOSE ON a green soju bottle. Johnny picks it up and gulps it
text: down. Alfonso isn't in the room anymore. Okja is sprawled on
text: the floor, lifeless. A dreadful silence. The heavily
text: inebriated Johnny takes the remainder of the soju and walks
text: over to Okja. He crouches before her.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You want some?
text: He pours some on his hand and brings it to her mouth. Okja
text: closes her nostrils, repulsed by the smell. Johnny doesn't
text: care. He just slurps it up himself. He licks every last drop.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: It makes you feel better.
text: Okja is completely drained from the brutal mating session
text: with Alfonso, barely moving. Johnny also lies on the floor,
text: resting his head on his arm, face to face with Okja.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: The first time is the hardest.
dialog: It'll get easier.
text: Johnny lets out a melancholy sigh.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, this is a unspeakable place. I
dialog: know, I know. And this room isn't
dialog: even the worst. There are worse
dialog: rooms out there.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Lucy Mirando told me I wasn't to
dialog: harm you in here. At least not
dialog: visibly. She wants you perfect for
dialog: her big telecast!
text: Johnny starts to rise.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
text: But when a woman humiliates a man
text: in front of his colleagues, a man
dialog: is inclined to make his own
dialog: decisions.
text: Johnny suddenly picks up a piece of long metallic equipment
text: from the floor.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: So there is one last thing. This.
text: Johnny laughs. He fits the tip of the equipment with a
dialog: needle.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: This... It's called a biopsy gun.
dialog: What it does is...
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: It's nothing really. It's used on
dialog: beef... I mean live cows... To
dialog: check the marbling...
text: A phone RINGS inside the room. Johnny presses the
text: speakerphone button, and we hear Jennifer's annoyingly high-
text: pitched voice.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (V.O.)
dialog: Hi, Johnny. Is Okja with you? Will
dialog: you put her on the phone?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: What?
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (V.O.)
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: Our precious local farmer princess
text: insists that she speaks to her on
dialog: the phone. Whatever... She says you
dialog: should lift her ear and put the
text: receiver underneath.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You're on speakerphone.
text: We hear a SNAP as Mija snatches the phone from Jennifer. We
text: hear her voice through the speaker.
speaker_heading: MIJA (V.O.)
dialog: Okja!!!
text: The previously lifeless Okja opens her eyes and leaps to her
text: feet upon hearing Mija's voice.
speaker_heading: OKJA
dialog: Eeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhh! !!
scene_heading: I/E. MOVING VAN, NEAR JFK - EVENING
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Okja - ! Are you okay?
text: We see the JFK terminal growing farther in the rear window.
text: Mija practically screams into the phone.
text: Jennifer and the Mirando employees cover their ears.
speaker_heading: OKJA (V.O.)
text: Eeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! !!
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: What? I can't hear you!!
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - WHITE ROOM
text: Johnny SLAMS off the speakerphone. Okja cries, saying
text: something to Mija. When the sound abruptly stops, she begins
text: to shift back and forth nervously. Okja's desperate dance
text: enrages Johnny, and he SMASHES the speakerphone on the floor.
text: Okja freezes. Johnny wobbles over with the biopsy gun in one
text: hand and a semi-translucent iPad in the other. Open on the
dialog: iPad is an app developed by Mirando for intra-company use.
text: When Johnny takes a picture of Okja using the app, 3-D
text: contours appear over the picture along with the names of meat
dialog: parts.
dialog: 78.
text: He aims the gun on Okja's back. He pretends to stick the
text: needle in her skin.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: BANG!! Sirloin!
text: Okja lets out a weak GROWL.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: The shank! Oh, yeah!
text: Johnny laughs as he drunkenly sways from side to side. He
text: touches the needle of the biopsy gun.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't worry. You won't die. I'm
dialog: just going to take a bit of your
dialog: 'meat.' Of course I'm not going to
dialog: eat it. We have 'tasters' for that.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: They're a bunch of half-wit
dialog: degenerate fucktards.
text: He laughs like a madman. Okja MOANS weakly.
text: Johnny is losing his mind, partially due to the alcohol but
dialog: mostly due to his guilt.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: So... I'm gonna have to poke you
dialog: in five places.
text: He raises the gun.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry!
text: Johnny becomes teary-eyed. His emotions swing wildly from
text: manic laughter to self-pitying sorrow.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: It's gonna hurt!
dialog: (sobs )
dialog: But I can't anesthetize you! We
dialog: need to eat your meat!
text: Okja MOANS. Johnny weeps uncontrollably, his face a mask of
text: tears and snot.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I shouldn't be here. I'm an animal
dialog: lover. Everyone knows that about
dialog: me! And the sick shit Lucy makes us
dialog: do in here.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Christ knows how many laws we're
dialog: breaking. It makes my stomach --
text: BANG. Johnny pulls the trigger mid-speech. Okja's leg spasms
text: from the sting. Her SCREAM echoes throughout the room.
scene_heading: INT. SOMEWHERE IN THE LABORATORY - LATER
text: A MAN IN A WHITE GOWN cooks meat on several frying pans laid
text: out in a row. Each pan is labeled with a sign: "Sirloin,"
dialog: "ribs," "Boston butt," etc. Each contains three pieces of
text: meat. A MIDDLE-AGED MAN, a MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, and a TEENAGER -—
dialog: aka the "half-wit degenerate fucktards" - approach with
text: forks.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE-AGED MAN
dialog: Tasty.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: Fuck yeah.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
dialog: It's the best I've ever had. The
dialog: best of the best!
text: Her exclamation is accompanied by the sound of trumpets and
text: drums. As upbeat MARCHING BAND MUSIC begins, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS, MANHATTAN - DAY
text: A bright afternoon. An enormous Super Pig balloon emerges
text: through the buildings. Below the balloon is a banner: 'Best
dialog: of the Best! Magical Animals Super Pig Fest!'
text: The scene resembles the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade. The
text: balloon is pulled from below by dozens of men and women in
text: UNIFORMS. They are followed by a MARCHING BAND and other
text: parade participants. People cheer and take pictures - finally
dialog: a chance to meet the famous Super Pig!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE MIJA'S HOTEL SUITE - DAY
text: Jennifer and STYLIST 1 quickly walk down the boutique hotel
text: hallway carrying a Mirando uniform on a hanger, fluid
text: STEADICAM following from behind.
text: Jennifer inspects the uniform, front and back.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What the hell is this?
text: We see wild cursive scrawled on the bright uniform. Hardly
dialog: couture. Messy.
speaker_heading: STYLIST 1
dialog: That's Lucy's autograph. "Designed
dialog: by Lucy Mirando."
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: She can't get enough of herself,
dialog: can she?
text: Jennifer looks tired from the weeks of rigorous event
text: planning, but as soon as she opens the hotel room door, she
text: turns her face upside down and returns to her usual
dialog: hyperactive self.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: How's everyone doing?!
text: People busily mill about in Mija's suite. Mija is surrounded
text: by a MAKEUP ARTIST, HAIR STYLIST, and WARDROBE STYLIST 2 and
text: seems to be in some sort of stand-off involving the fanny
dialog: pack.
speaker_heading: STYLIST 2
dialog: Do you have to wear this thing? It
dialog: looks super tacky.
text: Mija seems to have understood, clings tightly to the fanny
dialog: pack.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Get lost. I’m keeping this on.
text: Mija's outburst startles Jennifer and the staff. A white male
text: employee, the TRANSLATOR, tries to calm Mija in imperfect
dialog: Korean.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: Okay, all right! It's okay, it's
dialog: okay. You can keep it.
text: Jennifer and the staff regard her nervously. The Translator
text: cautiously glances at Mija before saying...
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the staff; quietly)
dialog: I think she understands some
dialog: English. We should watch what we
dialog: say.
dialog: 81.
text: The Translator surreptitiously points at the "Smile:
dialog: Beginner's Conversation English" book on the table. Jennifer
text: and the staff glance at the book then Mija.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Yes, yes, everything is fine! But
dialog: you have to wear this. Isn't this
dialog: uniform pretty? It's a special
dialog: edition custom-made just for you.
dialog: Look! The CEO even autographed it.
dialog: Totally rad, right?! Wow!
text: Jennifer continues to hype it up, but Mija is not in the
text: mood. She refuses bluntly.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: No! I want to see Okja first.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Mija. Sweetheart! You'll meet her
dialog: on stage in just a few hours!
dialog: Wearing this very pretty uniform!
dialog: Think about how dramatic it’1l be.
text: As Jennifer's speech becomes more and more impassioned, a
text: ROOM SERVICE worker enters with a cart and begins putting
text: down food. Confused chatter: "Who ordered food?" "Looks
text: fantastic!" "Just sign for it." Garbled voices overwhelm the
dialog: suite.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: Okja doesn't even know you're here.
dialog: If you show up on stage without
dialog: telling her, it’1ll be such a great
dialog: surprise! I'm getting emotional
dialog: just thinking about it! Yay!
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (cold)
dialog: I don't care. I need to see Okja.
dialog: Right now. Or I won't cooperate
dialog: with the event.
text: Mija is unrelenting. A fatigue comes over Jennifer as she
text: listens to the Translator. She turns cold.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Mija. I don't think you understand
dialog: this situation. We are the ones who
dialog: have Okja. Okay? We are doing you a
dialog: favor. Do you get it now?
dialog: 82.
text: Mija becomes nervous. We've never seen Jennifer like this
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You want to go back home with Okja,
dialog: right? Then do as you're told.
dialog: Otherwise, this is what will happen
dialog: to Okja.
text: Jennifer removes the lid of the room service tray next to
text: her, revealing a deliciously cooked pork chop steak. Mija is
text: petrified. Jennifer holds out the uniform again.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: Put it on.
text: Mija fearfully takes the uniform and goes into the suite
dialog: bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: As soon as she closes the sliding door, the voices recede
text: into the background, and a vast loneliness overcomes her.
text: Dust particles glow in the beam of light falling through the
dialog: curtains.
text: She SIGHS as she looks at the strangely designed uniform. She
text: glimpses something behind it - a SHADOW lurking in the
text: corner. Mija GASPS. The Shadow soon reveals himself to be the
dialog: Room Service Worker from earlier... and the Room Service
text: Worker is subsequently revealed to be JAY!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Shhh!
text: Mija stares at Jay, stunned. Jay quietly removes a stack of
text: papers from behind his back. Short English/Korean
text: words/phrases are written on cards the size of a small
text: sketchbook. Jay begins to flip through the cards in front of
dialog: Mija, kind of like Bob Dylan in his "Subterranean Homesick
dialog: Blues" video.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: "SORRY.'
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (mouthing)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAY
text: ‘FOR EVERYTHING. '
dialog: 83.
text: Mija silently nods, still nervous.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘WE WILL RESCUE OKJA FROM THE
dialog: STAGE.'
text: We begin to hear MARCHING BAND MUSIC in the far distance. Jay
text: flips the cards almost to the beat.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
text: ‘WHEN WE DO,' 'DON'T,' ‘LOOK BACK.'
text: Mija, puzzled.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
text: ‘DON'T EVER LOOK,' 'AT THE SCREEN, '
dialog: ‘BEHIND YOU.'
text: Jay changes his expression slightly with each card.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
scene_heading: ‘ONLY,' 'LOOK AT OKJA,' 'IN FRONT
dialog: OF YOU.'
text: Mija still hasn't the faintest idea what he's talking about,
text: but Jay's dead seriousness somehow compels her to nod.
text: Jay nods back with a serene smile. He flips the last card
dialog: over:
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘A.L.F. LOVES YOU.'
text: Jay vanishes through the curtains. We hear him going down the
text: metal steps of the fire escape. Mija is left alone again in
text: the dark bedroom.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS, MANHATTAN - DAY
text: Jay casually saunters out of the hotel alley and walks out
text: onto the large street. He changes into his suit as he walks
text: and joins the Super Pig Festival parade happening in the
dialog: street.
text: Among the dozens of people holding the lines of the giant
text: Okja balloon is SILVER, disguised as one of the Uniformed
text: Employees. He exchanges secret glances with Jay, who walks
text: along the sidewalk. Silver gives Jay a knowing look as he
text: points up at the balloon, and Jay looks up as well.
dialog: Mirando EVENT WORKERS distribute samples - Super Pig jerkies
text: and Super Sausages - practically showering the crowd with
text: them. People eat them up enthusiastically.
dialog: 84.
text: Some of the Employees holding the chords of the balloon also
text: dig into the samples, giddy at seeing the brand new products.
text: Silver becomes nauseated by the mere sight.
text: A Mirando Employee marching next to him hands him a Super
text: Sausage sample. Finding himself with the most vile junk food
text: made from GM Super Pigs in his hand, Silver turns white like
text: a sheet. Conscious of all the Mirando eyes around, he
text: pretends to eagerly munch on the sausage, but he cannot get
text: past the stench of meat and nearly retches.
text: A SKINNY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN sees this and looks down at a
text: sample fallen on the ground. As she crouches to pick it up,
text: we glimpse an A.L.F. tattoo below her slightly raised shirt.
text: A HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT sees the tattoo as he's walking by and
text: quickly checks the surroundings. He seems worried that
text: someone might see the tattoo. As he turns, he bumps into a
text: twenty-something WOMAN walking past. A black balaclava drops
text: from his jacket. The High School Student turns pale upon
text: seeing the dropped balaclava.
scene_heading: HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT
dialog: I'm so sorry!
text: The Woman just smiles and picks up the balaclava for him. As
text: she reaches out to give it back, she tugs on one side of her
text: jacket, pulling it over her t-shirt. The A, L from the word
text: 'ALIVE' on the t-shirt connects with the F of the word LIFE
text: of the jacket to spell out "A.L.F."
text: The Student sees this and flashes a faint smile. He puts the
text: balaclava back in his jacket and walks toward the parade.
text: More and more people join the parade under the giant Okja
dialog: balloon.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM, LUXURY TRAILER - DAY
text: A trailer parked behind the stage. Lucy sits in front of the
text: mirror surrounded by her Makeup Team.
text: The door opens, and Frank enters with a large bouquet. Lucy
text: smiles at Frank through the mirror.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Here! For you!
text: Frank hands the beautiful flowers to Lucy.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Thank you, Frank.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Congratulations. 10 years. An
dialog: extraordinary accomplishment.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: 10 years, finally coming to
dialog: fruition.
text: Lucy picks up a Super Pig jerky sample.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: They're just delicious. Try one.
text: Frank takes one from the table and eats it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Delicious. Beautiful.
text: They both munch in silence for a few moments. A proud moment
dialog: shared - their crowning achievement realized.
text: Lucy smells the flowers.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: They're beautiful. Your taste is
dialog: impeccable as always.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (laughs awkwardly)
dialog: The flowers aren't actually from
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Oh?
text: Frank hesitates. Lucy's face darkens. She stares at Frank.
text: Frank gives a look to the Makeup Team. They leave.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: They're from Nancy?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes. Nancy's here. Not in London.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: In New York? Fuck, Frank!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She's actually been here for a
dialog: while.
text: Lucy becomes fretful, glances involuntarily around the
dialog: trailer.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (Hissing)
dialog: I told you to keep her away. She
dialog: frightens people.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You frighten people too, Lucy.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: She REALLY frightens people. She
dialog: reminds everyone of dad.
text: Lucy tries not to show it, but her panic level is rising
dialog: fast.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: This is mine! My project!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She just wants to support you on
dialog: your big day. It's what we all
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Support? Oh, yeah, right...
text: Lucy quietly regards Frank's eyes. She is now beyond panic,
text: actually rather calm. The MARCHING BAND MUSIC, which had
text: remained in the background so far, becomes loud as it arrives
text: in front of the trailer. The trailer thumps with the sound of
speaker_heading: DRUMS.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR STAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: The marching band reaches a climax as the enormous inflatable
text: super pig floats above the stage.
text: The crowd GOES WILD as Johnny jumps up excitedly on the
text: stage. He swings his arms wildly, acting like he's conducting
dialog: the orchestra.
text: Johnny brings his performance to a end with a dramatic snap.
text: The marching band stops playing at the exact moment. A brief
text: moment of silence before the crowd erupts in APPLAUSE.
text: Johnny snatches up the microphone and yells into it like a
dialog: rock star.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Magical, Magical...
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: ANIMALS!!!
dialog: 87.
text: The crowd is familiar with the drill.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Now everyone knows Dr. Johnny can't
dialog: stand anything boring.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Yeah!!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Have I ever given you a boring
dialog: show?
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Nooo!!
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Red sits cross-legged on the floor, constructing some weird
text: MECHANICAL DEVICE. She stands and looks out of the window.
text: RED'S POV: A little distance off, Johnny is on stage, amping
text: up the crowd. The Super Pig balloon hovers above the stage.
text: Johnny's voice booms throughout the plaza.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR STAGE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Ten years ago twenty-six farmers
dialog: from lands far away were each given
dialog: one magical super piglet. This year
dialog: I met each of these twenty-six
dialog: wonderful people...
text: On the large screen behind Johnny, we see a VIDEO MONTAGE of
text: Johnny meeting fully grown Super Pigs and their Farmers in
dialog: picture perfect settings - New Zealand, Sweden, South Korea,
dialog: Italy...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: «+.to decide which Super Pig would
dialog: have the honor of being invited to
dialog: this prestigious occasion.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you ready to meet the WINNER of
dialog: the contest? The Best Super Pig on
dialog: the face of this earth? The Best of
dialog: the best?
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: YEAH!
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: ARE YOU READY?
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: YEAH!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Well I'm afraid you're going to
dialog: have to meet someone else first!
text: The crowd BOOS good-naturedly.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Isn't that always the way? Before
dialog: you meet the talent, you gotta meet
dialog: the suits!
text: Johnny does a theatrical yawn. The crowd laugh.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Just kidding! She's an amazing
text: little lady and the brains behind
dialog: this whole Super Pig project! So
dialog: please put your hands together for
dialog: the one, the only, Luuucy
dialog: Mirandoooooo!
text: APPLAUSE. Lucy gracefully struts onto the stage, mock-wagging
text: her finger at Johnny.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (Laughing, into the
dialog: microphone)
dialog: Oh Johnny! You're skating on thin
dialog: ice! Don't fall through and drown!
scene_heading: I/E. LED MULTI-SCREEN - CONTINUOUS
text: We see a gray eye peeking through a small hole.
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: (mocking Johnny)
dialog: Luuucy -- Mirandoooooo --
text: Blond is crouched inside the enclosed space behind the multi-
text: screen, among various electric lines and AV cables.
text: Concentrating hard, he connects an HDMI cable to his laptop
text: and does an equipment check.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR STAGE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Don’t worry! I'm not here to bore
dialog: you with some corporate speech. I'm
dialog: here to introduce you to a real
dialog: superstar! Maybe you've already
dialog: seen this amazing little girl on
dialog: You Tube enjoying a shopping trip
dialog: in Seoul!
text: The audience laughs.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I wonder what she bought?! Maybe
dialog: some oinkment! Or maybe a DVD.
dialog: Jurassic Pork? Or a copy of Porks
dialog: Illustrated! If she did, I hope she
dialog: doesn't HOG it! I want a look at
dialog: the swimwear models myself!!
text: The audience and Lucy groan. Lucy puts up her hand to shush
dialog: everyone.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: So let’s all welcome an
dialog: extraordinary young girl!
text: Acoustic indie music plays through the loudspeakers.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: A local farmer who raised her Super
dialog: Pig in wild and beautiful nature
dialog: with more love than I could have
dialog: ever asked for.
text: With a loud WHIR, the barrel-like lift containing Mija begins
text: to rise. Mija's nervous face peeks over the stage.
speaker_heading: LUCY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The fearless pig rider from all the
dialog: way across the globe! Please
dialog: welcome, Miiii - Jaaaaaaa -!
text: Mija turns bright red upon seeing the cheering crowd. She
text: waves at them with an awkward smile. But she keeps her focus.
text: Mija's eyes suddenly widen. She sees Okja approaching the
text: stage on a parade float.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: And here she is! Our ultimate Super
dialog: Pig! Okjaaaa!
dialog: 90.
text: The crowd cheer as they turn around. Okja stands atop a
text: parade float decorated with trees and flowers. She feeds on
text: the real grass covering the top of the float as it approaches
dialog: slowly.
text: Mija cups her hands around her mouth and yells,
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Okja!
text: Mija waves her arms wildly, but Okja doesn't look up. She
text: merely continues to chomp on the grass.
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: Separated by a cruel twist of fate,
dialog: Okja and Mija! Best friends
text: forever, reunited by the Mirando
dialog: Company!
text: The Mirando Event Staff begin to penetrate the crowd in a
dialog: single file.
text: Once they've threaded through, they divide the crowd to make
text: a path. It is almost like the parting of the Red Sea. The
text: parade float enters the path and proceeds toward Mija.
text: Jay stands among the crowd. He looks up at Mija and scans the
text: surroundings, on high alert.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Okja, it's me!
dialog: (sobs )
dialog: I came for you!
text: Jennifer stands below the stage eagerly awaiting the dramatic
dialog: reunion.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: 3...2...1...
text: Okja is now only a few feet away from Mija, but she still
text: doesn't look up. She continues to mindlessly chew on the
text: grass. The crowd begins to stir, and Lucy becomes nervous.
text: Finally, Mija jumps at Okja and grabs her face.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Okja... What's wrong?
text: Okja shakes her head from side to side like she has a tic.
text: Mija lifts up Okja's drooped eyelid.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: AAAHH! !
dialog: 91.
text: The crowd hold their breath. Silence spreads throughout the
dialog: plaza.
text: CLOSE ON Okja's eyes. They resemble shark eyes. No focus, no
text: soul. Both eyes are completely saturated blood-red.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: What did you do to my Okja..?
text: BUZZ. Piercing static noise as the LED multi-screen loses its
text: picture. The clips of local farmers in vast, unadulterated
text: nature disappear from the screen. Jay picks up his cell phone
text: as he stands amidst the confused crowd.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (in a small voice)
dialog: Hurry up! Now!
scene_heading: INT. LED MULTI-SCREEN - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: Okay, okay.
dialog: (grumbling to himself)
dialog: This is like the most advanced
dialog: hacking ever endeavored.
text: Blond unplugs the cable from the monitor's HDMI port and
text: holds it in his mouth. He plugs in the HDMI cable connected
text: to his laptop instead.
scene_heading: EXT. LED MULTI-SCREEN, STAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: BUZZ. The secretly filmed footage of the Mirando laboratory
text: appears on the screen. We see horrendously deformed GMO
text: piglets screaming in pain, fear. Okja suddenly SQUEALS and
text: spasms uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What the hell is going on?!
text: Mija tries to calm Okja.
text: Mija can sense that something horrific is being shown on the
text: screen behind her, but she never turns around - just as she
dialog: was told by Jay.
text: The crowd scream and shout in horror and anger at what
text: they're seeing on the screen.
text: The highlight is when the drunk and pathetic Dr. Johnny tells
dialog: Okja:
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: ...the sick shit Lucy makes us do
dialog: in here. Christ knows how many laws
text: we're breaking. It makes my stomach
text: BANG. Johnny pulls the biopsy gun trigger mid-speech.
text: Blond has LOOPED that dreadful moment so it plays on the
text: giant LED screen OVER AND OVER.
text: Johnny and Lucy stare at the screen, at a loss. Audience
text: members SHOUT IN FURY, throwing bottles and cans in their
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Turn it off!
text: Johnny's brain whirs. What can he possibly do to rescue his
text: reputation? He approaches the microphone.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (with as much sincerity as
dialog: he can muster)
dialog: I promise - no, I pledge - to learn
dialog: from this.
text: Johnny's face is a picture of humility. He gulps. A beat.
text: Then a soda can hits him straight between the eyes.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Red casually smokes a cigarette as watches the plaza below
text: descend into further pandemonium. She takes the cigarette and
text: carefully brings it to the fuse on top of the DIY bazooka.
text: She watches the CRACKLING fuse slowly disappear.
scene_heading: EXT. LED MULTI-SCREEN, STAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: A loud BOOM. A mortar is fired from the nearby abandoned
text: building. The handmade bomb flies across the air leaving a
text: wake of white baking powder. It hits the Super Pig balloon
text: smack in the middle. People scream as the balloon POPS.
text: When it does, fliers and print-outs that were hidden inside
text: the balloon pour out onto the street.
text: As soon as the mortar fires, Jay puts on his balaclava. The
text: other A.L.F. members dispersed throughout the crowd do the
text: same. Soon the plaza is covered by a sea of black heads.
dialog: 93.
text: They vastly outnumber the NYPD OFFICERS and Mirando Event
text: Staff. Lucy begins to panic.
text: The punctured balloon begins to shoot around wildly, and
text: Silver pulls on the chord with all his strength to steer it
text: toward the crowd. Because of his gaunt frame, he is steered
text: by the balloon instead, lifted up and sideways like a
text: marionette on strings. Still he somehow manages to keep the
text: balloon on course, and the fliers fall over the crowd like
text: snow on an open field.
dialog: Provocative titles: "The Ugly Truth Behind the Mirando Super
text: Pig Project!" "Mirando: Criminals. Abusers." The angry crowd
text: run over to pick up the printouts. As they do, we hear
text: Blond's voice through the speakers.
scene_heading: INT. LED MULTI-SCREEN - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: BLOND (V.O.)
dialog: (mimicking a BBC anchor)
dialog: For more details and shocking proof
dialog: of Mirando's crimes against humans
dialog: and animals, go to You Tube and
dialog: search 'Mirando is Fucked'. Again.
dialog: Go to You Tube and search ‘Mirando
dialog: is F, U, C, K, E, D'.
text: Blond repeats the phrases like an automated machine,
text: comically crouched in the narrow space among machines and
dialog: circuitry.
scene_heading: EXT. LED MULTI-SCREEN, STAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Unfolding before us is the biggest A.L.F. demonstration in
text: history. They have completely taken over the plaza. Jay jumps
text: on the stage, necktie heroically flapping in the air. He
text: lifts his balaclava slightly and shows Mija his face.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Let's get Okja out of here.
text: Mija is too busy trying to calm Okja, who SQUEALS and
text: thrashes at the increasing confusion around her. Mija tries
text: her best to connect, but the red-eyed Okja is still
text: unresponsive.
scene_heading: INT. NEARBY UPSCALE RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Frank looks down at the chaos from the second story window.
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't think we have a choice,
dialog: Nancy. You have to go out there.
speaker_heading: NANCY (0.S.)
dialog: You don't say.
text: The voice is familiar. NANCY MIRANDO clicks her high heels
text: into the FRAME. We see her from behind as she walks to
text: Frank's side and looks down at the situation unfolding in the
dialog: plaza.
speaker_heading: NANCY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: What a clusterfuck.
text: She lets out a long sigh.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's get private security in
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Black Chalk?
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Yes.
text: Frank dials on his cell phone as he walks out of the FRAME.
text: We see the hell that has broken loose in front of Nancy.
scene_heading: EXT. STAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Big A.L.F. members jump at Okja to subdue her, but they're
text: instantly thrown off by her violent thrashing.
text: Mija sprints toward the wild and unruly Okja. She leaps onto
text: Okja's face and tries to hug her, but Okja bites on her arm.
text: Mija lets out a horrible SCREAM. Jay and the A.L.F. members
text: don't know what to do as they watch the red-eyed Okja clamp
text: down on Mija's blood-dripping arm. Jay picks up a microphone
text: stand. He is about to stab Okja in the mouth when...
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: No!
text: Mija stops Jay with her other arm. She looks up at Okja,
text: biting down the bone-crushing pain. Okja's eyes are still
text: red, lost. She growls as she shakes her head from side to
text: side, nearly tearing off Mija's arm. In spite of the horrible
text: pain, Mija puts on a peaceful face. She smiles and begins
text: caressing Okja's face with her free hand.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: Okja...
text: Okja lets out a weak growl.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay...
text: Okja's violent motions slowly subside. The crowd watches
dialog: closely.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: Trees... The trees...
text: MIJA'S POV, AS SHE LIES ON THE STAGE:
text: We see Manhattan skyscrapers piercing the sky. No trees. The
text: blue sky behind Okja's face, however, is the same blue sky we
dialog: saw back in the mountains.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: Clouds... The blue sky...
text: Mija whispers as she caresses Okja's face. She has completely
text: forgotten about the pain, her face more peaceful than ever.
text: Okja's breathing becomes more even.
text: The violent activity in the plaza becomes a meaningless blur
text: to Mija and Okja as they gaze at each other. The police
text: fighting the A.L.F., the angry crowd screaming at Johnny and
text: Lucy - we barely notice it now. The red subsides from Okja’s
text: eyes. Her face returns to the gentle, innocent Okja we know.
text: She belatedly comes to and frets over what she has done. She
text: licks the blood off Mija's arm.
text: JAY'S POV: Behind the crowd, we see a black semi-trailer
text: truck rushing toward the plaza. At Jay's signal, the A.L.F.
text: crew begin moving in organized fashion. They fight off police
text: and crowd members and create a path for the semi to approach
dialog: Mija and Okja.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Our driver has arrived!
text: At that moment, a large steel-enforced vehicle appears at the
text: intersection and CRASHES into the A.L.F. semi, forcing it off
text: the road and into a nearby street lamp. The steel surface is
text: unpainted, making it look all the more intimidating.
text: MERCENARIES in special ops uniforms rush out from the back.
text: The uniforms are marked with the name 'BLACK CHALK - Private
text: Security Company.' Other Black Chalk cars arrive from all
text: directions. Soon they surround the entire plaza.
dialog: 96.
text: The specially-trained mercenaries attack and subdue the
text: A.L.F. members with an UNEXPECTED technique. Every method
text: they utilize is designed to look to the Manhattan passers-by
text: like no big deal - just an apparently gentle arm-lock or
text: little dig at a pressure point or underneath a finger nail.
text: But close-up it’s clear they’re inflicting INCREDIBLE PAIN on
dialog: the A.L.F. These are brilliant martial-arts techniques - it
text: is violence so discreet the onlookers are oblivious to it.
text: The SCREAMS of the A.L.F. members seem incongruous and
text: pathetic as a result.
text: A MAN IN A SHARP SUIT emerges from the steel-enforced vehicle
text: and walks over to the NYPD COMMANDING OFFICER. He hands the
text: officer a stack of documents.
speaker_heading: SHARP SUIT
dialog: We are Black Chalk - a Private
dialog: Security Company. We've just signed
dialog: a contract with Nancy Mirando of
dialog: the Mirando Company.
scene_heading: NYPD COMMANDING OFFICER
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: SHARP SUIT
dialog: Here is info about our team of
dialog: attorneys. We are restraining the
dialog: demonstrators because they’re
dialog: hindering our client’s business and
dialog: destroying her property. As you can
dialog: see we are not using excessive
dialog: force.
text: A.L.F. members scream in front of Jay as they’re being
text: subdued by the mercenaries. Jay's heart breaks at the sight,
text: but he forces himself to turn away. He climbs off the stage
text: and runs away as fast as he can with Mija and Okja in tow. A
text: few A.L.F. members follow to protect them, including Red and
text: Blond and Silver. Black Chalk Mercenaries quickly give chase.
scene_heading: EXT. BELOW THE STAGE - DAY
text: Lucy - in HIDING - watches the chaos unfold. Her shock has
text: subsided and she's rather calm. She takes out a cigarette and
text: looks for a lighter but can't find one.
text: Nancy Mirando enters the FRAME with a lighter and lights
text: Lucy's cigarette. We still only see Nancy from behind.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: You knew this would happen of
dialog: course, Nancy.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Not at all.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Well. Good luck with cleaning up my
dialog: mess.
text: Lucy is acting calm, but she's bereft. Nancy squeezes Lucy's
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: For a while back then I forgot I
dialog: was a fucking loser, Nance.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Oh, Luce. Dad should never have
dialog: done and said those things to you.
dialog: But why rebel against his legacy so
dialog: ridiculously?
text: We see Nancy's face for the first time. She looks exactly
dialog: like Lucy. Identical twins.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, Dad was a terrible man. But
dialog: he was fucking good at business.
text: Nancy takes out a cigarette and tries to light it, but the
text: lighter won't work. She lights it from the burning part of
text: Lucy's cigarette. The two sisters look like a symmetrical
text: decalcomania print as they stand face to face with their
dialog: cigarettes touching.
text: We see Frank approaching in the background.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't worry about your apology
dialog: speech. I'll pretend to be you in
text: front of the press.
text: Nancy smiles at Lucy - an in-joke between identical twins.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (scoffs)
dialog: Fuck off.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: But you’1ll need to do your own jail
dialog: time.
text: Lucy laughs. Then she stops laughing. Nancy isn’t kidding.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Jail!?! Because of that lab
dialog: footage?? Who cares? It’s just
dialog: some...
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: «+. just some animal cruelty. I
dialog: know. If you can even call them
dialog: animals.
text: Nancy shivers.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT’D)
dialog: But our attorneys will be way too
dialog: busy to help you out of this one.
text: We see a team of NYPD officers approach Lucy.
text: Nancy doesn't look behind her. She knows Frank is there.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT’D)
dialog: Frank, I want to get started on
dialog: this ASAP. Do you have a pen and a
dialog: pad?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Of course.
text: Frank takes out his note pad.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: The demonstrators. We’1ll put them
text: all in jail. Put together a team
dialog: for a criminal lawsuit.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sure.
text: Frank and Nancy move to one side to allow the NYPD officers
text: to surround Lucy. She DISAPPEARS amongst them.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: We'll drastically cut down the
dialog: promotional budget. We'll use the
dialog: money we save on marketing to lobby
dialog: Congress and pay off the Federal
dialog: commissions.
scene_heading: INT. ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: Nancy's terse, chilling orders continue in VOICE-OVER as we
text: see Okja, Mija, Jay and the A.L.F. members running through
text: the alley. We only hear Nancy and Frank's voices.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.)
dialog: What about spending some of the
dialog: money on media damage control?
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: No point. They'll hate us for a bit
dialog: and then they'll forget. We'll get
dialog: production started right away. We
dialog: already have FDA approval, correct?
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.)
dialog: Yes. But I'm not sure how the
dialog: customers will react after today.
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: If it's cheap, they'll eat it. I
dialog: guarantee early sales will be high.
text: The Black Chalk Mercenaries catch up with the A.L.F. members
text: guarding Okja and Mija. The mercenaries scan the area and -—
text: seeing the coast is clear of onlookers - viciously bludgeon
dialog: them.
text: Blond falls to the ground.
text: We see a mercenary standing over Red. She looks up at him
text: with disdain.
speaker_heading: MERCENARY
dialog: Slut.
text: The Mercenary kicks her in the stomach.
text: We see Silver pushed violently against a wall. With his
text: slight frame, Silver is easy to take down, but the Mercenary
text: acts with extreme force anyway.
text: As Silver lies on the ground, about to lose consciousness, he
text: spots a WOMAN and her LITTLE DOG - bystanders who have
dialog: somehow found themselves caught up in this terrifying
dialog: situation.
text: Silver's POV: The woman looks petrified. But the adorable
text: little dog has its tongue out, almost like it's smiling at
text: Silver. The little dog's smiling face is Silver's last sight
text: before he loses consciousness.
text: Mija clutches her bloody arm as she runs away. She looks to
text: the side and sees even more Black Chalk Mercenaries approach
text: from a different route. One aims a large NET GUN at Okja.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: Tell the factories to start
dialog: production tonight and begin
dialog: supplying to supermarkets, hotels,
dialog: and butcher shops ASAP.
text: BOOM. The fired net immediately clings to Okja. She trips on
text: the net and tumbles.
text: She becomes further entangled as she rolls on the ground.
text: Mija runs over to Okja. Jay turns toward her as well.
text: Mija and Jay try to untangle Okja. The Mercenaries come over
text: and begin to beat Jay. The charismatic Jay goes down
text: instantly - without putting up any fight. He is taken apart.
speaker_heading: NANCY (V.O.)
dialog: Shut down the laboratory. Put all
dialog: the animals we have into
dialog: production. We'll go to the
dialog: production facility tonight for an
dialog: inspection. Put all the execs on
dialog: call. Even the ones on vacation.
text: Okja SCREAMS through the net as she's dragged into the Black
dialog: Chalk vehicle.
text: Mija rolls helplessly on the ground, barely conscious. The
text: Mercenaries put Jay on his knees and pull his arms back.
text: A LOUD HONK. The A.L.F. TRUCK careers into the alley. We
text: can't tell who's driving.
text: While the Mercenaries are distracted by the oncoming truck,
text: Jay runs over to Mija and rolls her out of the way just in
text: time. The A.L.F. truck charges on, scattering the Mercenaries
text: out of its way.
text: Jay helps the bloody Mija to her feet and takes her to the
text: next block, where the A.L.F. truck meets them after rounding
text: the corner. They use the last of their strength to climb into
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. CAB, BLACK SEMI - DAY/EVENING/NIGHT
text: Jay lays the barely conscious Mija in the passenger seat.
text: He's exhausted and covered in blood. The driver takes off his
dialog: balaclava. It's K!
speaker_heading: K
dialog: Are you okay?
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: K? What are you...?
text: Jay sinks in his seat. K shows him a new tattoo on his arm:
dialog: ‘Translations Are Sacred.' Jay doesn't have the energy to
dialog: respond to the ridiculous tattoo.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okja... We need to hurry...
text: The brutal beating has taken a toll. Jay's focus goes in and
text: out. He's lost a lot of blood.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okja...
text: Mija is also barely conscious. She's losing blood fast from
text: the wound on her arm.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
text: We hear music. Rhythmic, like a heartbeat. We see MIJA'S
text: blurry POV as she fades in and out of consciousness.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: A blood-red sunset outside the window. The semi screeches to
text: a stop and an IRANIAN MAN hops on, carrying a medical bag. He
text: bickers with K, making big arm gestures, as he removes
text: syringes from his bag.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: The sky is dark. Street lamps pass by. Mija turns her head.
text: The Iranian man stitches Jay's forehead with great
text: concentration. He looks nervous. The procedure is illuminated
text: by a flashlight between his lips. An IV bottle feeding into
text: Mija's arm dangles precariously in the moving truck.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: Still night, still inside the moving semi. The Iranian man is
text: gone. Mija's wound is bandaged. K is driving, talking on the
text: phone, his back to us. Jay has regained consciousness. He's
text: sitting up, yelling at K, but we can't hear what he's saying.
text: A huge truck blasts by in the opposite lane with a deafening
dialog: noise.
dialog: 102.
text: At that moment, all sounds come rushing back to Mija - the
text: roaring wind, the growling engine, Jay and K's shouting.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: K
dialog: Yeah! It has to be true.
text: Jay looks conflicted. He sees that Mija is awake and turns to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Yes.
text: K turns his head slightly. He translates in a rigid, formal
text: tone, sitting upright and tightly gripping the steering
dialog: wheel.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: Where are we going?
text: Jay and K look at each other. They hesitate.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We're going to Okja.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (nods )
dialog: Yes but... You should know that
dialog: the situation... it's not good.
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Mija becomes scared. She doesn't even want to ask. Jay thinks
dialog: before asking...
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: What's the Black Chalk response
dialog: time after we infiltrate?
speaker_heading: K
text: Six, seven minutes at best.
text: K floors the pedal, accelerating further. The MUSIC becomes
text: faster, like a heartbeat fueled by adrenaline. The truck
text: begins to shake as it enters a dirt road.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Is it even possible to do it in
dialog: seven minutes?
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Do what?
text: The truck pulls an abrupt turn. Even amidst the shaking and
text: the clouds of dirt from the road Jay maintains his calm gaze.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Sorry. We are going to need your
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (Annoyed by Jay's oblique
dialog: comments )
dialog: My help with WHAT?
text: K abruptly stops the truck. Jay and Mija and K climb/tumble
dialog: out into...
text: ...a vast feedyard.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Helping us find Okja!
text: Mija gasps at the sight before her. The field and the nearby
dialog: hill are densely packed with thousands, no, tens of thousands
text: of Super Pigs. Standing atop the hill is a factory-type
dialog: slaughterhouse...
scene_heading: EXT. FEEDYARD - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Okja!
text: Mija, Jay and K split up and run in DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS
text: through the field shouting Okja's name - small dots in the
text: vast field filled with countless Super Pigs, all with the
text: same face. Soon they are far away from each other.
speaker_heading: K
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: Okja!
text: Suddenly K comes face to face with an OLD SECURITY GUARD. The
text: man rushes K, and K knocks him to the ground as politely as
dialog: he can.
text: K sees the fallen Security Guard calling for help on his
text: phone. He looks at his watch.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: K (CONT'D)
dialog: shit.
text: K quickly telephones Jay - who is somewhere far across the
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: K (CONT'D)
text: Seven minutes. Starting now.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Damn.
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: Okja!!
text: Mija shouts Okja’s name as she runs, even louder than Jay.
text: She suddenly stops when she hears a LOW GROWL. Is it Okja? A
text: hallucination? She turns toward the sound to find...
text: .»+-a long line of pigs marching into the entrance of the
text: slaughterhouse, silhouetted by the bright light from inside.
text: A solemn death march.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (mumbling to herself)
dialog: Okja...
text: The pig at the top of the line turns toward Mija, crying
dialog: desperately.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's Okja!
text: Mija quickly looks for Jay and K, but they're too far away.
text: There's no time. She has to do this alone.
text: Mija runs as fast as she can toward the slaughterhouse. Okja
text: sees her and cries harder, but she is shoved further down the
text: line into the slaughterhouse.
text: K sees Okja and calls after Jay, who turns and begins running
text: toward Okja with K.
text: A WORKER at the entrance gives Okja's bottom a jolt with a
text: taser. Quick and efficient, an everyday routine. Okja starts
text: walking again. She enters the slaughterhouse.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: No!! Don't go inside!!
text: Mija's voice is overwhelmed by the machinery noise coming
text: from the slaughterhouse. She sees an employee's entrance 40
text: metres from the door Okja walked into. She hurries towards
dialog: it.
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: INT. SLAUGHTERHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mija enters the 'factory of death'. The structure is
text: labyrinthine, and she has no idea where to go. She's consumed
text: by shock and fear. The humidity, the revolting smell, the
text: deafening noise, the slick, blood-covered floor. A traumatic
text: sight for a girl who grew up in the mountains.
text: Various slabs of meat hanging from metal hooks move steadily
text: along the aerial conveyor system. Instinctively, she runs in
text: the opposite direction of the movement.
text: WORKERS wearing large noise-blocking earmuffs stand along the
text: conveyor system and go about their jobs. They look at Mija
text: with some curiosity, but return to their work. They're unable
text: to leave the ever-moving production line.
text: Mija finally arrives at the stun box - aka the execution box.
text: She sees a Super Pig being forced into the box. Its head is
text: firmly fitted into a hole in the front. A YOUNG HISPANIC
text: WORKER aims a large bolt gun at its forehead and prepares to
text: shoot when he sees Mija running toward him. He briefly
text: hesitates but soon returns his attention to his task.
text: CLOSE on Mija’s face. We hear a BANG. The worker has
text: evidently pulled the trigger. Mija is too horrified to even
dialog: scream.
text: Mija freezes after witnessing the execution in all its
text: gruesome reality. The next Super Pig is led into the stun
dialog: box. It's Okja.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: (a trembling voice)
dialog: Okja...
text: Mija goes blank, completely petrified. She looks straight at
text: Okja, whose head is being threaded through the 'hole of
dialog: death.'
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay...
text: Okja seems to know that death is imminent. She desperately
text: tries to free her head. She looks up at Mija with tear-filled
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: Because...
text: Mija's voice trembles. The Hispanic Worker looks at Mija as
text: he reloads the bolt gun. He doesn't know who the hell this
text: girl is or why she's here. He just carries on with his work.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: Even this man...
text: With his eyes still on Mija, the Hispanic Worker aims the
text: bolt gun at Okja's forehead. Okja closes her eyes when she
text: feels the cold barrel of the bolt gun on her forehead. Tears
dialog: fall.
text: Mija looks into the Worker's eyes.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: -.-he doesn't want to do this.
text: Mija raises her hand at the worker. 'Hold on.' She reaches
text: into her back pocket with her other hand. For some reason,
text: the Hispanic Worker is compelled to hold back from pulling
text: the trigger. He looks into Mija's eyes.
text: Mija removes a PHOTOGRAPH from her back pocket. She shows it
text: to the Worker. It's one of the photos from Mija's room. 10-
text: year-old Mija tightly hugging Okja. The Hispanic Worker
text: squints at the photo, his bolt gun still trained on Okja's
dialog: forehead.
text: The production line becomes backed up, and the ALARM begins
text: to sound. Red lights flash throughout the slaughterhouse.
text: CLOSE ON the Hispanic Worker's ambiguous expression.
text: He points at the photo Mija is holding - ‘that pig...' - and
dialog: then points at Okja - '...is this pig?'
text: Mija nods quietly. The Hispanic Worker freezes. The finger
text: around the trigger trembles lightly.
text: Just then Jay and K arrive, out of breath. They stop next to
text: Mija. Okja stays absolutely still with her mouth fiercely
text: clamped and eyes closed. Suddenly...
text: A loud metallic CREAK.
text: The large stun box leans to the side. We see the Hispanic
text: Worker holding down the button.
text: Okja, still alive, slides onto the conveyor belt below.
text: Mija's legs give in and she falls on her knees. She embraces
text: Okja's head. Her arms continue to shake.
text: The Hispanic Worker looks down at them with a heavy heart.
text: But he soon breaks out of his lull and returns to work like
text: nothing happened. He brings in the next pig. The ALARM and
text: the red lights stop - the production line being back to
dialog: normal.
dialog: 107.
text: Mija sobs as she watches the continued death march. K hurries
text: over and helps Mija onto her feet. Jay leads the group toward
text: the exit. As they round the corner...
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Was this what caused the alarm?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I believe so.
text: «+. they come face to face with Nancy and a dozen MIRANDO
text: EXECUTIVES, performing an inspection of the facility. We see
text: Black Chalk Mercenaries arriving at the entrance and running
text: toward Okja.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: I'm staggered that security is so
dialog: lax some hooligans were able to
dialog: stop our entire production line,
dialog: even for a second.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It won't happen again. Please note
dialog: that Black Chalk was here exactly
text: on time. Seven minutes after
dialog: Security telephoned them.
text: While all the Executives look down at their watches, Black
text: Chalk Mercenaries quickly surround Mija and the gang. One of
text: the Mercenaries discovers K's A.L.F. tattoo as he restrains
text: him with a PlastiCuff. He treats Jay and K even more
text: violently upon realizing who they are.
text: Mija glares at Nancy.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Isn't this Lucy’s beloved 'Fearless
dialog: Pig Rider?'
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She is. And that would be our Best
dialog: Super Pig.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: What's it doing out here? It
dialog: should be on a meat hook.
text: Tension fills the room. Mija carefully breaches the silence.
text: She speaks in English.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: I wanna go home, with Okja.
text: Mija says each word slowly and clearly.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: No. It's my property.
text: Mija is not sure what Nancy is saying but continues to stare
text: straight into her eyes.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Why you want to kill Okja?
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: We can only sell the dead ones.
text: Jay barks at Nancy with his hands cuffed.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You should be ashamed of yourself.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Quite the opposite. We're pretty
dialog: proud of our accomplishments.
speaker_heading: K
dialog: Psychopath.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: No. We're hardworking business
dialog: people. And we've got it down to an
dialog: art. Well, a science.
text: Nancy points at specific parts of a Super Pig carcass
text: dangling on a hook behind her.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: There's the tenderloin. For the
dialog: sophisticated restaurants! Mexicans
dialog: love the feet. I know! Go figure!
dialog: We ALL love the face and the anus.
dialog: They're American as apple pie! Hot
dialog: Dogs! It's all edible. Everything
dialog: but the squeal! Will I go on? No. I
dialog: won’t go on.
text: Frank gestures to the Black Chalk Mercenaries. They grab Jay
text: and K by their arms and begin to pull them out.
text: Jay turns to Nancy as he's being dragged out.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You're Nancy Mirando, aren't you?
text: Nancy glances at Jay, curious. She raises her hand at the
text: Black Chalks to hold.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: And you are?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Let Mija and Okja go.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: K
dialog: You already have shitloads of
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (genuinely baffled)
dialog: But this is BUSINESS.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I hold all creatures dear to my
dialog: heart Nancy but... You’re crying
dialog: out to be an exception.
text: Nancy scoffs. The Black Chalk Mercenaries violently drag Jay
text: and K out of the slaughterhouse. Frank gives a signal to the
text: Manager, who in turn signals his employees. The Workers run
text: over and drag Okja toward the stun box.
speaker_heading: MIJA
dialog: Wait!
text: Mija's voice booms throughout the slaughterhouse. She zips
text: open her ridiculous fanny pack and reaches inside. She takes
text: out the shiny gold pig that Hee Bong gave her.
text: Mija holds up the gold pig.
speaker_heading: MIJA (CONT'D)
dialog: I wanna buy Okja! Alive!
text: Nancy looks at the gold pig, amused. The little girl is
text: impressive. Mija pushes the gold pig toward Nancy. It glides
text: across the slick, blood-covered floor and stops at Nancy's
text: foot. Frank takes out his handkerchief and wipes the blood
text: off as he picks it up.
text: Nancy picks up the gold pig and studies it carefully. She
text: gives it a quick bite with her front teeth. A strange,
text: grotesque expression appears on her face. She winces at the
text: lingering smell of blood before quietly gazing at Mija.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: We have a customer!
dialog: 110.
text: Frank looks back and forth between Nancy and Mija, his facial
dialog: expression peculiar.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: This is worth a lot of money! Make
text: sure the girl gets home safely. The
dialog: first ever buyer of a Mirando Super
dialog: Pig!
dialog: (happily, to Mija)
dialog: Congratulations on your purchase!
text: Frank calls one of the Black Chalks and delivers a few
text: instructions. Nancy turns around and continues her inspection
text: with the Executives. Mija finally unclenches her fist, which
text: she'd been nervously squeezing the entire time. Once the
text: tension lifts, her chest swells with a mixture of emotions.
scene_heading: EXT. FEED-YARD - NIGHT
text: Two Black Chalk Mercenaries lead Mija and Okja across the
text: expansive feed-yard. Mija looks back and sees the line of
text: pigs marching into the slaughterhouse. The death march looks
text: even sadder under the beautiful light of the moon. Mija's
text: heart is heavy as she leaves the rest of the pigs behind.
text: The pigs inside the fence watch Okja enviously as she leaves.
text: Two Super Pigs walk along the fence and begin following Okja.
text: Mija and Okja look at them curiously, soon noticing something
text: between the two adult pigs - a small PIGLET, their baby.
text: The mother pig pushes the baby through the fence with her
text: snout. The piglet is small enough to fit through the wire,
text: but it kicks and squirms and refuses to separate from its
text: parents. The mother stubbornly shoves it through the fence.
text: Mija realizes what the mother is trying to do. She quickly
text: herds the piglet under Okja’s belly and looks at the two
text: Black Chalk Mercenaries walking ahead. They are too immersed
text: in their conversation to notice.
text: The baby pig keeps looking back as it treads along under the
text: cover of Okja’s belly. Its mother and father poke their heads
text: over the fence and let out a heartfelt SQUEAL - a goodbye.
text: As they do, other super pigs notice the BABY ESCAPEE and
text: begin SQUEALING as well. Their cries spread, until ALL the
text: super pigs in the feedyard have joined in - a CACOPHONY of
text: SORROW, but also of DEFIANCE and CELEBRATION.
text: The Black Chalks look around dumbfounded. As they do the
text: cries reach a crescendo, and one of the pigs begins POOPING.
dialog: 111.
text: And then THOUSANDS do. Thousands of super pigs shoot poop out
text: of their behinds like fireworks - a bizarre and miraculous
text: act of rebellion. A celebration of life.
text: Mija continues walking, a brave smile, her eyes moist.
text: Okja carefully traipses along, minding the piglet underneath
dialog: like her own.
scene_heading: I/E. MIRANDO TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Inside the moving truck. Mija sits inside the cargo area. We
text: follow her gaze to find Okja sleeping in front of her,
text: exhausted from her ordeal. Okja opens her mouth to yawn, and
text: we see the tiny piglet peeking out from underneath Okja's
text: huge slab of a tongue. When Mija reaches out her hand, the
text: piglet crawls out and jumps into her arms. Okja doesn't even
text: notice that the baby is gone. She continues to sleep, gently
text: rocked by the moving truck. The truck travels along the dark
dialog: road.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: CLOSE ON Mija's face as she sleeps. Fragments of light fall
text: through the leaves and flicker on her face. Mija opens her
text: eyes at the sound of BIRDS CHIRPING. She looks down at her
text: belly where the piglet has fallen asleep with her face down.
text: Mija gently runs her hand over the piglet's body. Mija, in
text: turn, is lying on top of the sleeping Okja. A tower of
dialog: bodies: Okja - Mija - the piglet.
text: A gentle breeze blows from the woods. The piglet shifts in
text: her sleep and falls off Mija onto the grass. She looks
text: around, dazed, before finding a place underneath Okja's ear
text: and returning to sleep.
text: The woods, the sun, the breeze. Peace is all around.
text: With her eyes closed, Okja flaps her ears and creates a
text: gentle breeze for the piglet. Lying on Okja's back, Mija
text: looks up at the trees and the blue sky.
scene_heading: EXT. MIJA'S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Hee Bong sets up an early dinner on the table outside. He
text: walks back and forth between the kitchen and the front yard
text: carrying vegetables and boiled eggs and other side dishes to
text: the table. Chickens leisurely roam the yard. Hee Bong smells
text: the boiled potato in his hands as he brings it to the table.
dialog: 112.
text: Okja and Mija enter the frame and pass the yard toward the
text: shed. Okja suddenly stops and looks into the camera. She
text: stares for a while before she is dragged into the shed by
dialog: Mija.
text: The piglet comes in late. She runs around the yard kicking up
text: dust and scaring the chickens. Hee Bong walks out into the
text: dusty yard with two bowls of rice and utensils.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: Mija!
speaker_heading: MIJA (0.S.)
dialog: I'm here!
text: Hee Bong sits at the table. He shouts toward the shed.
speaker_heading: HEE BONG
dialog: Hurry up! The food's getting cold!
speaker_heading: MIJA (0.S.)
dialog: Coming!
text: Hee Bong waits. He picks up the green soju bottle next to the
text: table and peers into it. A tiny bit is left on the bottom.
text: Hee Bong can't hold his hunger any longer. As he picks up the
text: spoon and digs into the rice...
speaker_heading: THE END
text: END CREDITS begin with lively MUSIC. As the CREDITS of the
text: KEY CREW appear one by one, we CUT TO the exterior of a
text: prison all the way across the globe, somewhere on the East
dialog: Coast of the US.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON GATE - DAY
text: Bright sunlight greets Jay as he exits the penitentiary. We
text: can tell from his hair and beard that he was inside for at
text: least a year or two. K welcomes Jay, offers him a cigarette.
speaker_heading: K
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: You’re sure you don’t want to get
dialog: some rest first? I mean you only
dialog: just got out...
text: Jay smiles without answering. As a bus SWOOSHES into frame
dialog: and blocks our view, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: The bus speeds through city streets. Jay's face fills the
text: foreground. He looks back at the seats behind him to see...
text: Red, Blond, Silver scattered around the bus. They each greet
text: him with a knowing glance or a slight hand gesture. Silver
text: looks healthy, rejuvenated.
text: K enters the FRAME and sits next to Jay.
speaker_heading: K
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: It's going to be big. Record-
dialog: breaking. A lot of folks have flown
dialog: in from the Midwest and Canada.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: K
dialog: Oh, I want to introduce you to a
dialog: new member.
text: When K waves, a small Asian man enters the FRAME. We
text: recognize him as KIM - the ex-Mirando truck driver. He shakes
text: hands with Jay and returns to his seat in the back.
speaker_heading: K (CONT'D)
dialog: He runs 'Mirandoisfucked.com'. Just
dialog: arrived here from Seoul.
text: Kim sits between Red and Blond and chatters incessantly like
text: a little bird.
speaker_heading: K (CONT'D)
dialog: He's a chatty one...
text: Jay smiles and opens his bag to remove a black balaclava. K
text: gives a signal to the other members, and they all take out
text: their balaclavas. The sound of drums and marching band music
text: grows louder as the demonstration site approaches.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'm guessing most of the Mirando
dialog: big wigs will be there.
speaker_heading: K
dialog: Of course. Including Nancy.
text: Jay flashes a slick smile as he puts on his balaclava. The
text: other members don theirs as well. The remaining passengers
text: take out balaclavas too, revealing themselves to be A.L.F.
text: members. A sea of black all around.
dialog: 114.
text: The only people without balaclavas are two OLD LADIES who
text: look around with befuddled looks. The bus loudly rumbles
text: through the bright sunlight, and the music from the festival
text: reaches a crescendo.
text: As the MUSIC continues, the remaining CREDITS begin to CRAWL
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK.
dialog: 
