speaker_heading: OLDBOY
dialog: by
dialog: Ernesto M. Foronda & Fabian Marquez
dialog: Based on the Movie
dialog: By Chak Woon Park
dialog: April 21, 2005
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON:
text: A DOLL face. Beautiful and delicate, yet frozen ina
text: perpetual expression of melancholy.
speaker_heading: REVEAL:
scene_heading: INT. THE LADYBUG SHOPPE - NIGHT
text: A trendy store catering to young girls. An attractive
text: clerk, CHLOE (19), closes up, flipping the ‘Open’ sign to
dialog: ‘Closed’.
text: OUTSIDE, the sound of a MAN, half-humming, half -singing,
text: can be heard getting closer. A barely recognizable
dialog: version of “Climb Every Mountain” from “The Sound of
dialog: Music.”
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: ...ford every stream, follow every
dialog: rainbow, till you find your dream.
text: Chloe wipes down the display cases with windex. The
text: singing abruptly stops.
text: KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK! Startled, Chloe looks over to see
text: someone banging on the glass. A MAN in his twenties
text: wearing a wrinkled suit. This is GUS.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Sorry we’re closed.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Wait, it’s my daughter’s birthday. I
dialog: need a gift.
text: Chloe ignores him, keeps cleaning. Gus digs in his
text: wallet, takes out a photo of a cute BABY, pressing it up
text: against the glass.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: C’mon look at that face. Who smiles like
dialog: that anymore?
text: Chloe looks, warming slightly.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I just worked an eighty hour week for
dialog: that smile. Now I don’t even have a
dialog: birthday present.
text: He’s starting to win her over.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Five minutes, I promise.
text: She unlocks, lets him in. BELLS ring on the door
speaker_heading: CHLOE
text: Five minutes.
text: As he enters the store, Chloe gets a whiff of alcohol.
text: Gus wanders the aisles, swimming in choices. He looks
text: confused, and a little tipsy, no idea where to even
dialog: begin.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: What do girls want at this age?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: How old is she?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: One.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I see. Well for that age...
text: She steps towards him searching the merchandise. He lets
text: her take over, relying on her expertise.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: It’s not so much what she wants, but what
dialog: she’1l have to remember.
text: Gus follows closely as she continues the search-
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I tried to come earlier, but work was a
dialog: killer. Closed the biggest account of my
dialog: life today. Ever heard of the Buick Le
dialog: Sabre?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You will.
dialog: (singing)
dialog: “Le Beauty. Le Power. Le Sabre!”
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: My dad drives a Buick.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Well, this isn’t your dad’s Buick
dialog: Everyone’s gonna want one.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: So you came up with their slogan?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Slogan, song, the whole campaign. All
dialog: me. And I fucking closed it. They
dialog: bought it in the room. In the ROOM!
text: His enthusiasm is infectious. Chloe vibes off his
dialog: energy.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Greatest day of my life!
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Wow! You should be celebrating.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I am. Everyone’s next door at
dialog: Franklin’s.
dialog: (mood darkens)
dialog: But, you know, my wife... She hates the
dialog: hours. Hates what I do. Makes it kinda
dialog: hard sometimes, keeping the two worlds
dialog: separated.
text: His infectious smile has faded and Chloe catches herself
text: gazing into Gus’s melancholy eyes. She blushes once
text: again before looking off, CLEARS her throat-
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I think I know just what you want.
text: Chloe walks around to a display case and produces a pair
text: of delicate ANGEL WINGS. Chloe takes off her sweater
text: reveals her curvaceous body, and models the wings for
text: Gus. His face lights up and for a moment it’s as if
dialog: these two people were no longer strangers.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I knew you’d like them.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: How much?
dialog: (as she looks for the tag)
dialog: Never mind, I’11 take them.
text: Chloe takes off the wings.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Thank you very much. Most people
dialog: wouldn’t have opened that door.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Sure they would’ve.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Not these days, with the ‘Me Generation’
dialog: and all. You know you can tell more
dialog: about a person from how they interact
dialog: with total strangers than with their
dialog: closest friends. Means you have a good
dialog: heart. That’s rare, hold onto it.
text: Chloe blushes, barely concealing a flattered smile.
text: He holds her in his gaze and for some reason she can’t
text: look away, unable to move. Gus takes a step closer, a
text: confident look on his face. She yields to him. Is this
dialog: a kiss?
text: KNOCK-KNOCK! Chloe and Gus look over to see a man and
text: woman. This is MIKE and GRETCHEN. They’re both
text: stumbling drunk.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: There you are! Come on, Gretchen found a
dialog: girl for you.
speaker_heading: GRETCHEN
dialog: She doesn’t speak a word of English. You
dialog: can talk about the Buick deal all night.
text: Mike and Gretchen both CRACK UP like it’s The Chappelle
dialog: Show.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (rattling the door)
dialog: What are you buying? Let me in!
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I’1l be right out.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Fine.
text: Mike and Gretchen disappear, CRACKING UP again as they
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Sorry, they get a little crazy when
text: they’re drunk.
text: Chloe has cooled noticeably, now RINGING up the wings.
text: Gus puts it on his credit card. She hands him the bag.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I hope your daughter enjoys it
text: Gus takes the bag, looks at Chloe with a serious
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Listen...can I buy you a drink?
text: She shakes her head ‘no’, a gracious smile on her lips.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Night.
text: Gus exits the store. Through the window we see him get
text: tackled by drunken Mike as Gretchen CACKLES like a hyena.
text: Off Chloe, shutting down the shop, pondering her
dialog: decision,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: It has started to RAIN. Gus is in a phone booth across
text: the street from Chloe’s toy store and a bar, FRANKLIN’S.
text: As he talks, he watches Mike and Gretchen fooling around
text: in front of Franklin’s, slipping on the wet ground.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You knew what my day was like so what do
dialog: you want from me? Then don’t wait up.
text: Gus rubs his head, trying to mask his guilt.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I know it’s late. Just...just put her
dialog: on.
text: Across the street, Gretchen fights Mike off playfully.
text: Gus adopts a sweet voice when talking to his daughter.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi sweetie! It’s Daddy. Da-Dee!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: GUS(CONT'D)
dialog: Happy birthday my angel. I bought you
dialog: something and I can’t wait to give it to
dialog: you. Can you wait up for me? Hello?
dialog: Angel?
text: A public BUS stops at a red light, blocks Gus’s view of
text: Mike and Grethcen. Gus covers his ear to listen on the
dialog: receiver.
speaker_heading: REVERSE:
text: The light turns GREEN and the Bus pulls away, revealing
text: the phone booth now to be EMPTY. Gus is gone without a
dialog: trace.
text: CLOSE ON BOOTH: the phone hangs limply by its cord.
text: We follow a pristine white ANGEL FEATHER as it flutters
text: in the air, gently falling onto the dirty ground.
text: OFFSCREEN we hear Mike’s bewildered voice-
speaker_heading: MIKE (0.S.)
dialog: GUS!? Where’d you go, you fucker?!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TITLES
speaker_heading: OLDBOY
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: A dark, dirty hallway lit by flickering fluorescent
text: lights. We follow a pair of feet - gray dress pants and
text: black dress shoes - plodding down worn carpeting.
text: In the distance we hear a muffled sound. As the feet
text: nears a door, the sound of a man speaking incoherently
text: becomes clearer.
text: At the bottom of the door is latched opening. One of the
text: feet reaches over and unlatches the opening and Gus’s
text: head suddenly pops out as if trying to squeeze out.
text: Gus tries to fit one of his hands out, desperately
text: grabbing at the feet, who shake him off effortlessly.
text: Gus speaks, rambling - shifting from desperation
text: frustration and anger.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Come talk to me. Tell me why I’m here
dialog: okay? I should know the reason why. You
dialog: want money? Tell me how much.
text: The feet shift. A tray of food, TAQUITOS, is placed on
text: the floor and the foot slides it towards the opening.
text: Gus pulls it inside but only to clear his view. He
text: sticks his head back out. The feet begin to leave and
text: Gus grabs at them, manages to hang on to one foot
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: What is this place? Just tell me how
dialog: long I have to stay in here. Just tell me
dialog: that, huh.
text: The foot shakes him off.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Come here you sonuvabitch! I’11 fucking
dialog: kill you, motherfucker!!!
text: Gus, desperate now tries to violently grab at the legs,
text: anger mounting.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw your face you chicken shit!
text: The feet easily repel his grappling hands, seemingly
text: toying with him and pushing him back into the opening.
text: Fearing being closed in, Gus changes his tune.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it. Just tell
dialog: me, two weeks? Or...?
text: The feet manage to push Gus back behind the door and
text: latches the door shut.
speaker_heading: GUS (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...a month? C’mon, you cocksucking piece
dialog: of shit!
text: Gus begins to bang from behind the door.
speaker_heading: GUS (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Just tell me how long, goddammit!
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: A small sparse room. A bed, an open bathroom, ugly 70’s
text: style Southwestern wallpaper, dirty brown carpet, a big
text: screen television.
text: A security camera is mounted on the wall, encased ina
text: clear PLASTIC DOME.
text: Gus, emaciated, unshaved with scraggly hair, kneels in
text: front of the door banging at the door, with his food tray
text: strewn behind him. He screams like a madman.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You fucking cunt! You think this is
dialog: funny? I’11 break your skull open and
dialog: piss on it!!!
text: He whirls around and grabs the food tray and bangs it on
text: the door with all his might.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gonna cut of your balls and shove it
dialog: in your eye socket you fuckin’ faggot!
dialog: You hear me?
text: He keeps beating at the door frantically. He gropes the
text: floor, takes the plate and throws it at the door, then
text: returns to banging with his hands.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: If they told me it would be twenty
dialog: years...would it have been any easier to
dialog: endure?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE ROOM - MONTHS LATER
text: Instead of a window, there’s a small PROJECTION SCREEN on
text: the wall displaying a slide show. In rapid succession we
dialog: see:
dialog: -Gus on his wedding day
text: -A relaxing beachscape (like a Corona ad)
dialog: -The Advantage Inc. Logo.
text: -A Buick ad with a young woman sexy woman next to the
text: car. Below, the tag line: “This is not your Dad’s
dialog: Buick.”
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: In advertising they say a picture’s worth
dialog: a thousand sales. But people only see
dialog: what they want to see.
dialog: -Gus at his college graduation
dialog: -Charles Bronson from ‘Death Wish’
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: My slide show reminded me of print ads
text: the captions missing for me to fill in.
dialog: -Gus on a highschool tennis team
dialog: -A pristine mountain lake
text: -Group photo with Gus, Mike and other colleagues, under a
dialog: banner reading, “Ad Vantage, Inc.”
text: -A cobra ready to strike
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
text: I look around me and it makes me wonder
dialog: if this prison is endorsed.
text: Gus ignores the slides, kneels on his bed opposite a
text: mirror, unmoving, staring at it.
text: CLOSE on mirror: Gus smiles maniacally, exposing large
text: white teeth. It’s a contorted expression, something like
text: demented glee. His hair, long and wild falls past his
text: shoulders. His unkempt beard flows from his chin.
text: Suddenly, MUSIC is heard. An instrumental version of
text: “Climb Every Mountain.” It’s accompanied by a hissing
text: sound as gas emanates from exposed pipes on the corners.
text: He looks at the projection screen on the wall: a photo of
text: Gus at eighteen, standing next to a new car. It’s
text: followed by a slide of a brutal car accident (think “Red
dialog: Asphalt”).
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: When they play ‘Climb Every Mountain’,
dialog: the gas comes. When the gas comes I fall
dialog: asleep.
dialog: 10.
text: The lights in the room dim and Gus falls off the bed and
text: onto the carpet. With his face on the carpet, he notices
text: a trail of ants crawling away and into a small crack on
text: the wall.
text: As Gus lays on the floor sleeping, the lights go on and
text: two MEN enter, putting on latex gloves. One of the men
text: takes out leather case and opens it to reveal a hair-
text: cutting kit. He takes out scissors.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: When I wake, my hair’s always cut.
dialog: Shorter, than what I’d like. They change
dialog: my clothes and clean up the place.
text: The other man begins to tidy the room. The man takes an
text: EMPTY GLASS and places it in a plastic zip-loc bag.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I guess I should be grateful to the
dialog: fucking bastards.
text: One of the men injects a syringe into Gus and draws
speaker_heading: BLOOD.
scene_heading: ROOM - MONTHS LATER
text: The SLIDE SHOW displays a photo of Gus as a little boy,
text: riding a big wheel. It’s closely followed by a National
text: Geographic shot of a lion taking out a gazelle.
text: Gus wakes up on the small bed, blinking up at the slide
text: show images. Gus watches them, emotionless. His hair is
text: neatly trimmed, face shaved. The TV blares in the BG.
text: Suddenly, something on the television grabs his
text: attention. He watches a police report:
speaker_heading: TELEVISION
text: A shot of a typical suburban home.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.0.)
text: Kayla Harris’s body was found stabbed in
dialog: the neck, late Monday morning...
text: GUS goes over to the TV, focusing on the story. Behind
text: him the slide film BREAKS, throwing only WHITE LIGHT
text: against the small screen.
speaker_heading: TELEVISION
dialog: 11.
text: Police comb through the home. A body lies underneath a
dialog: sheet.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.0.)
text: In their suburban home. Neighbors are
text: outraged and the police are requesting
dialog: that anyone with further information to
dialog: please call the hot-line. Her husband
dialog: who disappeared a year ago, is wanted for
dialog: questioning...
text: Gus looks away from the television, feeling something on
dialog: his forearm...
text: He turns to look at his arm and notices something twitch
text: under his skin. A small bump begins to move. Suddenly,
text: it burrows out of his skin. It’s an ANT. Gus focuses on
text: the ant as it crawls along his skin.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONT’D)
text: Blood found at the crime scene and a
dialog: glass with fingerprints matched that of
dialog: Gus Harris...
speaker_heading: TELEVISION
text: They flash a picture of Gus and his wife, a honeymoon
text: picture, on the screen: trim, handsome, a far cry from
text: what he looks like now.
text: Gus looks at the picture, and cries hysterically as ants
text: crawl all over his face.
text: The lights in the room dim and we are swallowed in
dialog: darkness.
text: We hear the sound of GLASS BREAKING.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - LATER
text: The lights are on.
text: A mirror in the room shattered. Shards lay on the
text: carpet. We see the reflection of someone moving inside
text: the room which is turned upside down.
text: Gus is dragged by his feet along the carpet. We see the
text: slashes on his wrists. A large pool of blood stains the
text: dirty carpet.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - YEARS LATER
text: The mirror on the wall reflects a deteriorating image of
text: Gus. He’s getting fat and run-down, reciting lines of
text: dialogue as he’s turne away from the big screen TV.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: How much for the knife? Ah that is
dialog: around 8 million dollars. Eight million
dialog: dollars for a knife? That’s
dialog: preposterous. Any other knife yes, but
dialog: not this knife. It belonged to a king.
dialog: A king?
text: Gus notices something WHITE scurry across the floor in
text: his peripheral vision. He forces a bite of a taquito,
text: systematically chewing and swallowing it. We notice that
text: the slashes on his wrists have healed. He intentionally
text: drops a crumb on the floor
text: The little white something scurries again, but this time
text: Gus reaches down and scoops it up:
text: A little WHITE MOUSE. It squirms desperately, but Gus
text: isn’t letting it go, admiring it for a long beat. It’s
text: been a long time since he’s felt life. He relishes it
text: absorbing it’s warmth, listening to it’s heartbeat
text: making him more alive and more human in turn. Suddenly,
text: he stuffs it in his mouth. The mouse pushes at his
text: cheeks, making them stretch in unnatural directions.
text: He calmly turns to watch the TELEVISION, the mouse still
text: in his closed mouth. We see:
text: Changing technology. The clapper. Reality television.
dialog: Violent crime. Chia pets. Church programming. Home
text: shopping network. Gulf war. Jesse Ventura running for
text: Governor. Images mapping out the years that pass by.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: The television is my only link to the
dialog: outside world. A world that’s clean
dialog: wholesome. Untouched. It only lets you
dialog: see what it wants you to...leaving you to
dialog: always want more. It makes you wait
dialog: again and again, but never
dialog: satisfies...just reminds you that life is
dialog: only real if you believe it.
text: Gus watches a show edited for television. The curse
text: words are edited out. He flips to ‘Three’s Company’,
text: then ‘Beverly Hills, 90291’ then ‘Seinfeld’.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: Everything makes sense. Everyone’s
dialog: beautiful. Perfect. I can sit around
dialog: the coffee shop all day with all my
dialog: beautiful friends and my problems will go
text: away in about half an hour or so.
text: Gus smiles to himself - a plastered hazy smile.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: My teacher, church, friend, and lover...
text: On the television, we see a news show. An Asian-American
text: anchorwoman shares the screen with her co-anchor, an old
text: man with white hair. Gus kneels in front of the screen
text: takes the mouse out of his mouth and puts it on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: LEE ANN KIM
dialog: ...and I’m Lee Ann Kim with tonight’s
dialog: headlines...
text: Gus touches the screen with his hand, starts to
text: masturbate. His strokes intensify but the image changes
text: from that of Lee Ann to the older co-anchor. He stops,
text: waits patiently. When Lee Ann is back on screen, he
text: immediately starts masturbating again. The mouse gets up
text: on its hind legs.
speaker_heading: LEE ANN KIM
text: ...barricaded for four hours while police
dialog: cleared the area...
text: Gus is about to reach climax, but the shot changes to a
text: wide shot to include the older co-anchor. Gus moves his
text: hand to block his sight of the old man. He finishes just
dialog: in time-
speaker_heading: LEE ANN KIM
dialog: Back to you Phil.
text: -and slowly lets his hand fall from the screen.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: Gus flips channels. It’s not cable, so Gus only has a
text: few stations to choose from. As he flips, his pet mouse,
text: RALPH, runs up his arm. Gus opens his mouth and the
text: mouse runs inside, and takes a seat on his tongue. He
text: stops at a new channel, one he’s never seen before:
dialog: 14.
text: A black and white image from a security camera. It’s
text: GUS, from the back view sitting watching the television.
text: He closes it and looks over at the security camera behind
text: him - inside the plastic bubble. We see his face on TV
text: as well. He looks back to television and sees his back.
text: It’s disorienting for a second. He wants to see his face
text: on television but can’t. He repeats this action a few
text: more times, then settles in watching himself watch the
dialog: television.
text: He opens his mouth as Ralph runs out of his mouth onto
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: Are we being televised?
text: He raises the remote and presses a button. FLIP! The
text: screen changes to a baseball game.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Sound of crashing glass.
text: Glass shards lay on the carpet
text: Again, we see Gus passed out on the floor next to a pool
text: of blood, by to the dried blood from his previous
text: attempt. His wrists slashed once again. His body lays on
text: top of plastic as he is being dragged along the carpet.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: CLOSE ON: a journal on the table. There’s a stack of
text: them there. The mouse runs down his arm, onto the
text: journals. Gus picks up a pen and taps it on the table.
text: Then puts it down.
text: He stares up at the changing slide show: A photo of him
text: at Halloween in a Freddy Kruger outfit; followed by a
text: news still of starving kids in Africa; followed by Gus on
text: his honeymoon with Kayla; followed by a movie still of
text: Jack Nicholson wielding an axe from ‘The Shining’;
text: followed by Gus in a sharp suit holding a glass of wine
text: on a balcony. And so on.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: With his wounds healing, Gus sits at the table staring at
text: the empty pages of the journal.
dialog: 15.
text: He glances over passed the dried blood on the carpet to
text: the television and sees the news report about Princess
text: Diana dying as she was chased by the paparazzi. Gus
text: looks away and back to the journal. He picks up Ralph
text: and puts it in his mouth. Ralph runs in and out of his
text: open mouth as he picks up the pen and begins to write
dialog: down names.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: I wrote down all the people whom I fought
text: with, bothered, and hurt.
text: Pages and pages of names.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: This was both my prison journal and an
dialog: autobiography of my evil deeds.
text: Time passes. He finishes one journal, writing cover to
text: cover and starts on another.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I fooled myself, thinking I was getting
dialog: somewhere. My complacency solidified.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: Gus stares at a plate of taquitos.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: God I hate taquitos.
text: Ralph runs up to his plate and starts nibbling on the
text: taquitos. Gus strokes him gently.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: Gus’s hair is getting long again. He lies on his back
text: asleep, SNORING loudly with his mouth wide open.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: I had slipped into a dream world, while
dialog: the world around me lived on.
text: Suddenly he stops breathing. He starts to choke and
text: COUGH. He grabs at his throat, something lodged in
text: there. Then with one violent heave. he COUGHS something
text: out. The object THUMPS onto the floor.
text: Gus looks down to see the Ralph, stiff from rigormortis.
text: He gently scoops him up, tries to revive him.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: I had died. And in my death, something
dialog: was born. Something hungry and vital...
text: But as he realizes that Ralph is dead, Gus starts to
text: break down. His eyes moisten, lips tremble. Then SOBS.
text: WAILS. It might as well be his mother lying dead before
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: A deep thumping sound echoes down the hallway.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: Something I could no longer control.
text: Sounds like someone’s hammering in one of the rooms.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
dialog: It’s not hammering...
text: Gus with his shirt off has an intense look on his face.
text: He has drawn a SILHOUETTE of a man on the wall. The
text: plastic bubble serves as the head. He punches the bubble
text: HARD. Hard enough to leave bloody marks from his bruised
text: knuckles. He jumps around, restless enjoying the
dialog: physical activity.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: Who would have done this to me? Was it
dialog: Mike? Harrison Bloom? Jon Donson?
dialog: Terry Eckhouse...?
text: Gus reads a litany of names, punches harder with every
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoever you are, I’ve only just started.
dialog: I’m new and I’m hungry. I thirst for
dialog: your blood. I crave your destruction.
dialog: I’1l rape your women, eat your babies,
dialog: make them bleed thru their eyes. The
dialog: last thing you’1l see alive is me
text: laughing.
text: The focus on Gus’s face is intensifies as he hits harder.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: If you think this is your revenge, wait
dialog: for me. 1I’11 show you what revenge
dialog: really means.
text: Gus gives one final punch to the wall. CRACK! He
text: screams in pain and folds to the ground holding his
text: bruised hand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TRANSFORMATION MONTAGE:
text: -Gus does sit-ups, gets winded collapses. He grabs at
text: his gut, SIGHS.
text: -Close on SILHOUETTE. Gus PUNCHES the wall, blood
text: trickling from his knuckles. He ignores the pain,
text: stonefaced, focusing on the hand-drawn face he’s
text: scribbled onto the bubble.
text: -Gus does push-ups shirtless. His knuckles are scabbed
text: and cracked. He tires quickly, but forces himself to do
dialog: more.
text: -Gus wolfs down a plate of taquitos, tosses the plate at
text: the door. Drops and does push-ups.
text: -Gus dances in front of the silhouette, talking shit like
text: Ali, taunts the silhouette. Then BAM-BAM-BAM: the
text: punches fly once more.
text: -"Climb Every Mountain” plays as Gus punches the
text: silhouette. There are noticeable indentations in the
text: wall now. His hits intensify until he finally CRACKS
text: plexiglas bubble. Gus keeps punching as the gas seeps in
text: the room, a twisted smile on his face. He SCREAMS along-
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Climb every mountain, search high and
dialog: low, follow every byway, every path you
dialog: know. Climb every mountain, ford every
dialog: stream...
text: -until he finally succumbs to the gas, falls unconscious.
scene_heading: END TRANSFORMATION MONTAGE:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: Gus does hundreds of sit-ups. Years have passed. Gus’s
text: body has changed. Body and mind have hardened. He’s
text: ripped now. His knuckles are knobby and calloused.
text: He pops up quickly from his sit-ups and unleashes a
text: volley of punches at the wall. His movements are
text: economized, lethal. He has the air and physique of a
dialog: trained fighter.
text: He drops quickly and does push-ups, then pops back up and
scene_heading: - BAM-BAM-BAM - more lightning fast punches.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: He straightens a piece of wire from the journal and
text: scratches a mark on his skin. He stares at the wire, as
text: a thought runs thru his mind.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: CLOSE ON GUS’S EYE pressed up against the tinted
text: plexiglass dome. He stares inside at the security
text: camera, trying to find its blind spot.
text: He looks off to the wall with the projection screen and
text: smiles. The image is Mel Gibson from “Mad Max”.
text: Gus LAUGHS at Mel - a crazy detached laugh - before the
dialog: slide CHANGES again:
text: -A shot of scrawny teenage Gus wearing a Karate uniform.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Gus reaches into his bed and secretly pulls out the wire.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Unseen by the camera, Gus uses the wire to scrape at the
text: wall under the projection screen. He’s cleared the
text: wallpaper and drywall and starts to scrape mortar between
text: exposed bricks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A solid brick wall.
text: Scraping sounds.
dialog: 19.
text: Suddenly, a brick is loosened and light illuminates
text: through crack. The brick is pushed out and we see Gus’s
text: eyes peering out. He smiles at his handiwork
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Gus watches a boxing match on television, concentrates on
text: the footwork and punching. His eyes dart around
text: calculating every movement.
text: He gets up, mimics the moves of the winning boxer
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: More bricks are disappear from the wall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: We catch glimpses of images and story that spans the time
text: of Gus’s captivity. From new innovations and technology,
dialog: deaths, the Berlin Wall, the Israeli Palestinian
dialog: conflict. the Gulf War, court room trials, cultural
dialog: phenomena, idols, television milestones, game shows,
dialog: reality television, 9/11, the presidential election, the
dialog: Russian school attack, invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq,
text: North Korea, the Indian Ocean tsunami. Life and death.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Gus pushes his body out of the brick wall only to
text: encounter another wall of bricks. He feels the bricks
text: but doesn’t get discouraged and starts on the second
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF BUILDING
text: It’s raining. We see street signs and a glimpse of the
text: city scape beyond the brick facade of a building.
text: Suddenly, a brick pops out and falls to the ground below.
text: Fingers stretch out through the hole feeling the rain.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: Gus has broken through the second wall. He takes his
text: hand and licks the traces of water. Nothing has tasted
dialog: this good.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: I’ll be out in a month. Just one more
dialog: month, I’1l be out. One month. Just one
dialog: more month. Just one more month...
text: “Climb Every Mountain” comes on and once again gas begins
text: to fill the room.
text: Gus rushes to cover his wall, replacing the bed in its
text: place. Gus flops on top of the bed with a big smile on
text: his face as he stares at the traces of rain on his hand.
text: The slide show continues in the BG.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: I’1l need money when I get out. Should
dialog: I rob or steal? No I’m just going to
dialog: find that motherfucker.
text: Gus looks to the slide show: Sly Stallone from “Rocky”.
text: Then a Jamaican waterfall. Then a scorpion killing a
dialog: frog.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: I should eat something first. But what?
dialog: Anything but fucking taquitos. No, I’1l
dialog: eat when he’s dead. I’1l eat over his
dialog: rotting body. Where am I anyway? Sounds
dialog: like the city. Doesn’t matter where I
dialog: am, I’11 find him. 1’11 know when it’s
text: him and I’1l rip out his tongue. I’11
text: break his neck and watch him beg for
dialog: death.
text: More slides: Gus reciving his First Communion in church.
text: Then a horrific snarling werewolf. Then a happy face.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: What if I get out and it’s the 52nd
dialog: floor? Even if I fall and die I’m still
text: going to find him.
text: He turns his hand and sees the callouses on his knuckles.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: In just one month I’m getting out. I’m
dialog: getting out...
text: His eyes flutter and he drifts off to sleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: DARKNESS
text: We hear shuffling and labored breathing, which increases.
text: Hands feeling around the space.
text: A lighter is ignited. The weak flame illuminates a tight
text: space that resembles a coffin. Gus lies crammed inside.
text: He burns his hand and the light goes out. He fires up
text: the lighter again. He whimpers as claustrophobia sets
text: in. Is he being buried alive? He struggles banging his
text: hands on the structure facing him. The light goes out
text: and his hits become stronger and stronger.
text: Wood splinters, LIGHT begins to shine through freshly
text: made cracks. Gus breaks out of his confinement,
text: shielding his eyes from the blinding sun.
text: Images BLUR and distort. The dawning SUN seems all too
text: bright, like it’s burning his skin.
text: Gus starts to freak out. Thoughts rush in and out of his
text: mind - is he dreaming? Eyes closed, he thrusts his hands
text: out, groping blindly for the safety of the walls - but
dialog: they’ve disappeared.
text: WE PULL OUT to reveal that Gus is not out in a field at
text: all but actually in a garden situated on top of a roof in
text: the middle of the city.
text: White birds fly above Gus who sits up. He squints pass
text: the landscape and sees the figure of:
text: A MAN standing on the ledge of the building. The figure,
text: backlit, with birds flying around him resembles an angel.
text: The figure holds his hands out feeling the slight breeze
text: around him.
text: Gus feels his body when a LOUD BOOMING SOUND fills the
text: air. He grabs his ears protecting them from the
text: deafening din.
text: WE PULL OUT FURTHER to reveal that Gus is on top of a
text: church, with its bells ringing. Gus screams at the top
text: of his lungs - sensory overload.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Aaaagh! !!
text: When the sound ceases Gus moves towards the man,
text: squinting against the light.
dialog: 22.
text: The man looks at Gus, nonchalant, savors a cigarette.
text: Gus approaches him, carefully reaching out with his hands
text: like a blind man.
text: Gus reaches the ledge begins to feel the man, his dark
text: suit, his skin. He reaches over and smells his scent
text: like a dog. Gus takes his free hand and runs it over his
text: face. Slowly, his vision returns to him.
text: The man inhales his cigarette deeply.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Would this taste this good if I didn’t
dialog: know it was going to be my last?
text: The man takes one deep drag and throws the cigarette over
text: the building. Gus watches it fall to the street below.
text: The man closes his eyes and falls, stretches his arms and
text: freefalls by lying backwards -
text: He falls a bit then stops.
text: The man opens his eyes and realizes that he’s virtually
text: suspended in air. Gus has the man’s tie in his hands and
text: keeps him from falling.
text: Gus looks at the resigned man but keeps his grip on the
text: tie. They stand there for a few seconds just looking at
text: each other, precariously near the ledge.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: Maybe this was a test. A second chance
dialog: to undo what I’ve done. Or maybe it’s
dialog: fate laughing at me.
text: Gus reaches for the man’s coat, takes out a cigarette and
text: calmly lights it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Gus and the man sit down by the ledge staring at each
text: other. Gus smokes another cigarette as the man lights
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Do you know why you were kept in there
dialog: for twenty years?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: He’11 tell me when I find him.
text: Gus stares straight ahead, emotionless. No answer
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: But you’re free now.
text: Gus is starting to tire of this.
text: Gus stands up abruptly. He’s wasting his time here.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Where you going?
text: Gus walk towards the rooftop door, disappears.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH STAIRWAY
text: Gus emerges from a darkened stairwell. Ahead of him is a
text: long corridor, peppered with sporadic colored light from
text: a pair of STAINED GLASS windows. At the end of the hall,
text: another MAN walks through some doors. The MAN looks back
text: towards Gus and motions for him to follow him.
scene_heading: INT. SOUP KITCHEN
text: Gus passes through double doors into a room filled with
text: people lining up to be served food. The man he’s been
text: following, a VOLUNTEER, pushes something at Gus. Gus
text: CLASPS his wrist forcefully, looks down to see an empty
text: tray. The volunteer quakes with fear-
speaker_heading: VOLUNTEER
dialog: It’s OK. Take it. There’s plenty for
dialog: everyone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TABLES
text: Around the room we focus on faces of HOMELESS PEOPLE
text: looking up from their meals, staring at:
text: Gus, shovelling food into his mouth. Relishing it like
dialog: it’s the best thing he’s ever eaten. He could care less
text: about the eyes focused on him. He eats like a madman
text: eating everything in sight, except for: TAQUITOS. He
text: carefully avoids these, reaching over at other trays and
text: picks off food.
dialog: 24.
text: Soon people are moving away, protecting their turkey pot
text: pies, frightened by his brutish behavior
text: He continues to eat, sitting alone.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY
text: Burly volunteers BURST thru the doors, make a wide arc on
text: the street in front of the soup kitchen as Gus exits
text: food clenched in his fists. Several more volunteers exit
text: behind Gus, giving him a wide berth, moving cautiously as
text: though cornering a wild animal.
text: Gus makes a show of intimidating them, runs at a
text: volunteer who cowers in self-defense. The volunteers
text: rush back inside and slam the door shut behind them. Gus
text: LAUGHS, taking a huge bite from the food in his fist
text: stalks down the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Gus walks the sidewalks, taking in the city. People
text: noises, smells. He’s on the fringes of a business
text: district, filled with empty, rundown buildings and
text: boarded up shops.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSINESS PLAZA
text: He crosses into a busy area. Multiple corporations
text: sharing a common space. Gus sees the name ‘AD VANTAGE,
text: INC.’ on one of the corporate towers, keeps walking.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: I remember this place. I used to come
dialog: here all the time.
text: Gus stops by a tinted office window, notices his
text: reflection. He feels his face, now aged.
speaker_heading: ; GUS (V.0.)
dialog: Now it’s nothing I recognize.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Gus walks along the streets gazing at the sights of newly
text: erected buildings. He doesn’t see ahead as a bike
text: messenger steers towards him. He dodges the messenger,
text: and inadvertently hits a parked car
dialog: 25.
text: The car’s alarms go on, making Gus jump back. He stares
text: at the car as it BEEPS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANOTHER STREET - LATER
text: Gus runs down the street hitting a row of parked cars and
text: tripping their alarms. Pedestrians scatter out of his
dialog: way.
text: He looks back smiling at the chaotic symphony he’s
text: created like some kind of mad conductor. People stare,
dialog: point.
text: Gus turns the corner, feels something hit his leg. He
text: looks to see a white cane and a BLIND MAN, groping the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: BLIND MAN
dialog: Excuse me. Can you help me cross the
dialog: street?
text: Gus pauses for a bit as the Blind Man reaches out for
text: him. He focuses on the Blind Man’s sunglasses. Instead
text: of taking his hand, he takes the sunglasses, puts them on
text: and walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Gus sees an entrance to the subway. He runs across the
text: street barely missing oncoming traffic. A car swerves,
text: CRASHES into another. Another car screeches, inches from
text: hitting him. Gus doesn’t even look back before running
text: down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR
text: It’s rush hour.
text: In the back of a car, Gus hangs on to the straps as more
text: people push their way inside. The car moves jerkily,
text: pushing the people from one side to the other.
text: Bodies rub against each other. Every touch a sensual
dialog: spark.
text: Gus’s hand trembles as he looks on with a maniacal
text: expression. Everywhere he looks - a woman’s hair, nape
text: of the neck, curve of a breast, an exposed arm. It’s
text: intoxicating. It’s everywhere.
dialog: 26.
text: He’s doing his best to resist but it’s sensory overload,
text: and it looks like he might pass out.
text: A woman catches a glimpse of him with this perverse smile
text: on his face. She grimaces and moves away, but not before
text: her hair brushes against his arm. Gus reaches ecstacy.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE
text: Gus stands at the bridge, still, as hours pass by -
text: traffic flowing behind him. He watches the sun sink
text: Tears well in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK
text: Gus lays on the grass staring at the stars. His eyelids
text: are heavy and begin to close.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: What if this is a dream? What if I wake
dialog: up back in the room and all this was just
dialog: a dream? A hypothesis in my mind.
text: He resists...but ultimately gives in to sleep.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSINESS PLAZA - MORNING
text: Gus washes himself off using a decorative fountain in
text: front of AD VANTAGE, INC’s offices. People in suits
text: stare at him.
text: An old homeless looking man approaches him. Gus looks at
text: the man unsure if he’s looking at him or not. The old
text: man reaches into his pockets and pulls out a cell phone
text: in one hand and a taquito in the other. Offers both to
dialog: Gus.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I don’t know anything.
text: The old man walks away.
text: Gus is about to go after him when the phone rings. Gus
text: stares at the phone for a few beats, unsure. Finally he
text: puts it up to his ear.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: How’s life in a bigger box?
dialog: 27.
text: Gus looks around frantic.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Show your face. Where are you?
text: People around him are startled.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (V.O.)
text: Whether it’s a pebble or a grain of sand,
text: in water they both sink alike.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: And eat something will ya. You’re skin
dialog: and bones.
text: Click. The caller is gone.
text: Gus keeps looking around, he runs in the direction of the
text: old man but he’s disappeared.
text: Half-smiling and half-crying he stares at the remains of
text: the taquito. He’s crushed it in anger. This is one sick
text: joke. Suddenly, a thought hits him.
text: He smells the remains of the taquito in his hand, licks
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: More cilantro. Not enough cilantro.
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH
text: Gus runs into a phone booth and grabs a phone book. He
text: flips through it and rips out pages.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS
text: Gus double checks the information on the yellow pages and
text: looks across the street at small restaurant called
text: BURRITO KING.
scene_heading: INT. BURRITO KING
text: Gus stares at the menu. He reaches into his pockets. No
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: A CUSTOMER sits with his taquito. He eats a couple of
text: chips then eyes the salsa bar. He gets up and leaves his
text: plate behind.
text: A HAND stealthily grabs the taquito.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BURRITO KING / ALLEY
text: Gus bites into a taquito. He swishes it in his mouth.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
text: Not crunchy enough.
text: He spits it out and throws the taquito away.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK
text: Gus approaches a Taco stand. He spies a small table
text: where the customers stand to leave. When they’re gone,
text: Gus goes to the table and sorts through the leftovers.
text: Bingo! A half-eaten taquito.
text: He sniffs it then takes a bite. He takes a second, moves
text: the food inside his mouth.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: The seasoning...tastes different.
text: He spits it out onto the sidewalk and moves on.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY
text: We pan from another restaurant to the alleyway beside it.
text: Gus is diving headfirst into a dumpster.
text: He comes up for air with a mouthful of food.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: Too much onions.
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Gus walks aimlessly towards another restaurant. He
text: enters without giving a second look to the place.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TACO JOE’S
text: Gus walks in and immediately notices the dirty brown
text: carpet. An old taco sauce stain on the floor looks
text: vaguely like dried blood. He smells the air. His face
text: crinkles at a familiar scent. Gus covers his nose with
text: his hand, looks around. What he sees makes his jaw drop:
text: The same 70s-style wallpaper, dirty brown floors, even
text: the plastic bubble in the corner with a surveillance
text: camera. A projection screen displays a slide show of
text: nature shots. It’s all there! Everywhere he looks, Gus
text: is reminded of his prison cell. The resemblance is
text: clearly not coincidental.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: The nostalgia is too much. I can’t want
dialog: it, but I do. They’ve twisted me into
dialog: loving my cell...
text: Gus grows weak, slinking to the floor, dry-heaving.
text: Patrons look at him strangely, while others simply
text: ignore, stepping over him to get in line. For Gus it’s
text: like a twisting, inescapable nightmare. He crawls for
text: the exit, but each movement is weak and labored. Someone
text: holds the door open for him, a YOUNG WOMAN in a Taco
text: Joe’s T-shirt.
text: Gus slinks past her and out onto the sidewalk, where he
text: collapses. The MANAGER hollers at the Young Woman.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Anna! Come on, we’re busy.
text: She takes one last look at Gus, splayed out on the
text: sidewalk, before heading inside. The door shuts closed
text: behind her.
scene_heading: EXT. TACO JOE’S
text: With the sights and sounds blocked out, Gus can finally
text: breathe again. He sits up on the concrete, facing away
text: from the restaurant, refusing to look.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: I want to burn it to the ground. Watch
text: the people run from it screaming, their
text: flesh on fire. But I won’t. Not yet.
text: He scrutinizes the street he’s on, the neighborhood,
text: every person passing him on the street. His mind races
dialog: to find another clue, another piece of the puzzle...
text: The door opens behind him once more, and black Army boots
text: CLOMP past him, arriving at a moped parked on the
text: sidewalk next to Gus. It’s the young woman from a minute
text: ago, Anna. She loads several delivery orders into the
text: basket on the back of the scooter, and mounts the little
text: bike. A magnetized placard on the moped announces its
dialog: purpose:
dialog: “Taco Joe’s Delivery”
text: Anna REVS the motor and the bike takes off down the
dialog: street.
text: In a flash, Gus is up on his feet, sprinting down the
text: street after her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS
text: A steep incline. The moped PUTT-PUTTs its way up the
text: street, fighting the pull of gravity.
text: After a long beat, Gus runs up the same street
text: struggling to keep up.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HILLCREST
text: Gus reaches the top of the hill, panting and out of
text: breath. Ahead of him, at the bottom of the hill, the
text: moped picks up speed, BOTTOMS OUT, and keeps on going
text: down the street.
text: GUS takes a deep breath, trudges onward.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAWYER'S OFFICE
text: Anna stands at the door while an office CLERK takes the
text: receipt for a food order, looks for a pen.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Here...
text: She removes a pen from her back pocket and turns around,
text: offers her bare shoulder for him to write on, a
text: mischievous look on her face. The Clerk gets an eyeful.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve got to get a clear copy, so don’t
dialog: forget to press hard.
text: As he signs the receipt, the Clerk’s hand shakes. When
text: he’s done, she hands him the bag, looks at the tip
text: amount, smiles.
text: Anna looks around pulls out to reveal a small bag of dope
text: between her fingers.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Dessert?
text: The Clerk looks around and fishes for some bills. He
text: hands it to her and quickly pockets the drugs.
text: The Clerk looks past Anna to see:
text: GUS just arriving. He looks like he’s about to pass out
text: from the exertion. Yet he scrutinizes the Clerk like a
text: criminal, peeking into the office behind him.
text: Anna just shrugs at the Clerk and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT
text: Anna gets back on her moped, casts a sidelong glance at
text: Gus who watches her like a hawk.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What do you want, man? You’ve been
dialog: following me all night.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: An address. Somewhere you deliver.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I don’t have time for this.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Wait...
text: He’s still catching his breath.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: They order everyday. You’ve delivered
dialog: there. Just hear me out.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What’s it worth to you?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I don’t have any money. It’s just the
dialog: address.
text: She dons her helmet, starts up the bike.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Fuck off.
text: She takes off down the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION
text: GREASE MONKEYS ogle Anna as she approaches with their
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: GREASE MONKEY
dialog: Heya sweetness.
text: They line up as she hands out bags. Some search through
dialog: their food until they find what they real want - dime
dialog: bags.
text: The mechanic takes a single dollar bill and tucks it into
text: her blouse. She pretends to be flattered.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Ooh, a whole dollar. Are you sure?
speaker_heading: GREASE MONKEY
dialog: Haven’t had a chance to cash my check.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Guess you’1l just owe me, bitch-ass.
text: As she turns around to head back to the moped, she sees
text: Gus watching from the corner.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. TACO JOE’S
text: The sun is setting in the sky as Gus walks towards the
text: restaurant. He looks like hell, one of his pant legs is
text: torn from a nasty fall and he’s bleeding on his shins.
text: He walks up to the moped and feels the engine, still
dialog: warm.
speaker_heading: ANNA (0.S.)
dialog: That’s him.
text: Gus looks up to see Anna standing beside the alley with
text: three burly Grease Monkeys. One of them holds a crowbar
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Meet my friends, weirdo.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ALLEY BEHIND TACO JOE’S
text: Gus and the Grease Monkeys circle each other.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: All those days boxing a fake opponent.
dialog: Can years of theory actually work in the
dialog: real world? For a moment I question if
dialog: any of this is real.
text: Finally, one steps up and swings the crowbar, but Gus
text: ducks it and belts the guy twice in the ribs. Another
text: one tries to KICK, but Gus catches his foot and yanks him
text: off balance. He tumbles to the ground as Gus scrambles
text: to his feet. Gus circles them, hands awkwardly at his
dialog: sides.
text: The third Grease Monkey attacks Gus, punches him in the
text: mouth. Gus starts to bleed and a smile spreads across
text: his lips - he’s never felt so alive.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
text: Nothing is more real than blood.
text: Now wide awake, Gus puts his dukes up, dodges a punch
text: then another. Dances. The men LAUGH at him. Gus
text: advances on them, goes to work:
text: Anna watches from around the corner as BAM-BAM-BAM!
text: Three men fall to the ground.
dialog: 34.
text: The Monkeys get up and two of them rush Gus. The one
text: that stays behind unsheathes a KNIFE. Sunlight glints
text: off the blade as he jams it into Gus’ stomach. Gus still
text: tries to fight, but he’s losing too much blood.
text: The three attackers SPLIT the scene without a single word
text: to Anna who stands there horrified. It’s a cowardly
dialog: victory.
text: She wants to leave, but Gus’s quiet GASPS of pain echo
text: thru the alleyway, making her pause.
text: As he collapses onto the dirty ground, she walks to him.
text: Gus passes out with Anna standing over him like a priest
text: at a funeral.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Gus’s eyes flutter open and look around. Is he back in
text: the room? For a moment it seems so, until he focuses and
text: realizes it’s just a small studio apartment. The walls
text: are decorated with an eclectic mix of found objects
text: displayed as art. The windows are draped with a string
text: of lights.
text: He realizes that he’s laying on a ratty mattress on the
dialog: floor.
text: Gus tries to move but can’t. His hand is tied to the
text: radiator. He pulls with the bit of energy he has but
dialog: can’t pry himself loose.
text: He shuts his eyes as dizziness overcomes him. He looks
text: over to the kitchen. In the dark, he sees Anna standing
text: over the oven, stirring something in a small pot. She
text: looks over to him. Her mouth moves but Gus can only
dialog: catch phrases.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: ...it’s getting infected...
text: Gus turns his attention to his abdomen and sees a bandage
text: poorly applied to his side. The realization of the wound
text: makes the pain real for Gus. He screams before passing
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: ANOTHER NIGHT
text: Gus, now looking pale and sickly, opens his eyes. He
text: sees Anna sitting along a wall reading his journal. She
text: looks up at him, an angry look on her face.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Good, you’re alive. I thought I was
dialog: going to have to stash you in a roll of
dialog: old carpet or something.
text: Gus opens his mouth, but nothing comes out. He blacks
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: He opens his eyes to see Anna typing on the computer,
text: surfing the internet. The glow of the computer screen
text: illuminates the apartment. He looks at the screen, as
text: she scrolls thru photos of MEN. They look almost like
text: mugshots, but they aren’t. Each photo is accompanied by
text: an address and a map.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Gus wakes up soaked in sweat. It drains his energy just
text: to turn his head. He looks over to see Anna doing a line
text: of coke in the bathroom.
text: She looks up in the mirror and sees him, kicks the door
dialog: shut.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The days blur. Gus opens his eyes again. Anna is going
text: through his journals. Her face is streaked with tears.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: DAYS LATER
text: From the look of him, Gus’s fever has passed. He feels
text: something that compels his eyes to open slightly. She
text: sees Anna carefully crawling towards him.
dialog: 36.
text: He closes his eyes, pretending to be out.
text: Anna comes close enough to poke at the bandage on his
text: side. His face twinges in pain, but his eyes remain
text: closed. Thinking that he’s fast asleep, Anna carefully
text: removes the old bandage and washes his wound with
text: antiseptic. Hearing his heavy breathing, she inspects
text: him, curious. Her eyes wander down his chest onto his
text: abdomen. Her hand trembles as she touches the skin
text: around the wound, which is beginning to heal nicely.
text: Her touch electrifies Gus. The hairs on his body stand
text: up, electrically charged. His instincts take over and he
text: grabs her with his free hand, pins her onto the mattress.
text: She fights him but can’t overpower his weight.
text: That’s when he sees the fear in her eyes.
text: His lust quickly turns to guilt and disgust and for a
text: moment, he hesitates. This is all the time she needs and
text: Anna breaks free, scampering away. She gets to her feet
text: and grabs a knife, SCREAMS at him-
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Don’t ever touch me! 1/11 fucking kill
dialog: you!
text: She kicks him over and over again, mercilessly. Gus
text: takes it, so disgusted with himself he can’t even look at
dialog: her.
text: She does a line of coke off the computer table and grabs
text: her keys. As she heads out the door she stops under the
text: light of the hallway to glower once more at Gus-
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Shoulda let you bleed to death.
text: The door SLAMS shut and her army boots CLOMP down the
dialog: hall.
text: Gus sits up. He looks over at the computer screen. The
text: same website from before is on her screen:
text: A picture of some grim-faced, anonymous man stares back
text: accompanied by a map and an address.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The clock on the wall reads 3:AM. Anna comes home,
text: stumbling drunk and crying. Gus immediately sits up
text: watches her as she goes to the closet and unceremoniously
text: strips to her bra and panties, wiping away tears. She
text: clumsily puts on sweats and a T-shirt.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: What’s wrong?
text: She ignores him, and heads over to the computer table.
text: She does a line of coke before heading towards the
text: bathroom. He pulls at his restraints.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: How long you going to keep me here?
text: The bathroom door SLAMS shut. Gus is alone again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: NEXT MORNING
text: Gus wakes to Anna WHISTLING as she flips over some bacon
text: on the griddle. She looks over to see Gus.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Looks like you’re pretty much healed.
text: Gus sits up. She grabs a knife.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Getting pretty strong too.
text: Gus doesn’t answer. She walks over and puts a plate of
text: bacon and eggs on the mattress in front of him. He
text: stares at it.
text: A moment later she returns with a duffel bag, drops it on
text: the ground. Inside are Gus’s journals and a change of
text: clothes. She places black pants and a black dress shirt
text: on the bed.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: That’s the good thing about men: when
text: they leave, they leave.
text: She sits down to eat. Gus wolfs down the bacon and eggs,
text: ravenous, sopping up the remnants with a piece of toast.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: After this you’re free to go.
text: He stops eating, looks up at her.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: What about the address?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What address?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I’m not leaving till I get it.
text: She throws her fork at him. Then the whole plate of
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: The hell you are motherfucker! You leave
dialog: and you stay the fuck away!
text: As Gus wipes scrambled eggs of his head, Anna uncaps a
text: can of pepper spray. Gus watches as she goes over to the
text: radiator and unties him. He rubs his wrists, red from
dialog: the restraints.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Get out.
text: She goes over to the phone, taking it off the receiver
text: Gus sits there, motionless.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Get OUT!
text: Gus gets up and walks out the door. She looks over at
dialog: his journals.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANNA’S APARTMENT BUILDING
text: Gus exits the building to see one of his journals on the
text: ground. He looks up in time to see another journal
text: hurtling at him, ducks out of the way.
text: ANNA is at her window, chucking all of Gus’ things out.
text: He just watches her calmly until she’s done, slamming her
text: window shut. Then he goes about gathering up all his
dialog: stuff.
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL HOME
text: Anna stands at the door of a suburban house as a TEENAGE
text: GIRL counts quarters from a piggy bank
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
scene_heading: Elevvvvvv-en... twelvvvvve. There you
dialog: go! Keep the change.
text: She gives Anna a handful of coins. The girl takes her
text: food and closes the door.
text: Anna SIGHS, heads back to her scooter. Gus emerges from
text: behind a tree, catching her off guard. She tries to get
text: on her scooter, but he takes the key from the ignition.
speaker_heading: ANNA
text: I’l1l scream.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I will leave you alone if you give me
dialog: what I want.
text: She looks at him defiantly.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Is it true? Those things you wrote in
dialog: the books?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Your daughter’s still alive. Have you
dialog: even tried looking for her?
text: He looks away, takes a step back.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You’re so consumed by revenge you ignored
dialog: the most important part.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Look, I’1l make you a deal. You go find
dialog: your dau-
text: Gus violently clutches her throat, shaking her.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You don’t know anything about me you
dialog: fucking little cunt! You give me that
dialog: address or I swear to fucking God I’1l
dialog: snap your neck like a twig.
dialog: 40.
text: Anna GAGS, eyes watering. He lets up enough for her to
text: COUGH in his face, smile weakly-
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Fuggcck... Youuu.
text: Gus releases her and she collapses to the ground.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Fuck me?! Fuck YOU!
text: He KICKS a soda can, TOPPLES a trash can, paces back and
text: forth in front of the scooter. An elderly woman across
text: the street watches from her window. Seeing this, Gus
text: walks back to Anna, helping her up.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Let’s go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS
text: Anna and Gus walk along the street. Gus looks at her
dialog: unsure.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING
text: Anna turns into a building entrance.
text: Gus looks up and reads the sign: CHILD WELFARE SERVICES.
text: He stops.
text: Anna turns back to him.
text: Gus backs up and walks away. He goes over to concrete
text: steps nearby and takes a seat, just staring at the
text: building entrance. Suddenly, he begins to WEEP. It’s
text: heartbreaking, the culmination of all the loss, all the
dialog: pain.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (thru tears)
dialog: She’s happy somewhere. Somewhere I don’t
dialog: fit.
text: He gets up and walks away. Anna watches him go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: INT. ANNA’S APARTMENT - LATER
text: Anna’s studio is empty. Keys jangle as she opens the
text: door, still in her work clothes.
text: She looks around for Gus, drops her grocery bag into the
text: small dining table and walks around. She looks out the
text: window but sees nothing. Lights a cigarette. Out of the
text: corner of her eye, she spies the journals neatly stacked.
text: She then hears the sound of the shower running. She goes
text: up to the bathroom door and touches it, slightly smiling
dialog: to herself.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Gus stands underneath the shower as steam envelopes him.
text: He carefully soaps himself, avoiding his wound. Layers
text: of dirt wash away from his body, onto the tub, and down
text: the drain. He takes out his bandage and cleans his
text: wound, cringing.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Gus stands in front of the bathroom mirror and wipes the
text: steam off the surface. We see Gus’s reflection. He
text: touches his face, the deep wrinkles now embedded. He
text: moves to the scraggly beard covering his chin.
text: Gus glances over the bathroom sink. He opens a drawer
text: and carefully inspects it, then another. In the second
text: drawer, he finds a box of miscellaneous toiletries for
text: men. He picks up a disposable shaver and turns it over
text: in between his fingers.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT
text: Gus walks out of the bathroom, now cleaned and groomed.
text: His hair, still long is now combed through and his beard
text: has been shaved off. He’s cleaned up rather nicely.
text: Anna looks at him, taken aback.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Gus sits at the small kitchen table opposite Anna. Take
text: out containers litter the table.
dialog: 42.
text: They sit there waiting for the other to eat. They catch
text: each others’ eyes but quickly look away.
text: Gus takes his chopsticks and carefully moves his food
text: with it and takes a small bite, consciously controlling
dialog: himself.
text: Anna looks on, amused. Suddenly, she takes a huge chunk
text: of broccoli and shoves it in her mouth. Gus watches her
text: as she puts more in her mouth. She begins to laugh,
text: spitting broccoli out, breaking the ice. Gus looks at
text: her and smiles. He begins to feel more at ease and
text: begins to dig in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Anna clears her plate as Gus finishes his food.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Not the best orange chicken in the world
dialog: but it’s cheap.
text: Gus finishes chewing, tries to come up with conversation.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: It was good.
text: Anna takes the plates to the sink nearby and deposits
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Guess anything’s a step up for you.
text: Gus flinches at the statement. Anna catches herself.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, in a good way. Talk about rock
dialog: bottom, right? From this point forward,
dialog: nothing can be worse than what you’ve
dialog: already been thru. You know how many
dialog: people wish they could say that? That
dialog: they moved on.
text: He stares ahead blankly. He isn’t moving on from
dialog: anything.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Bedtime. Gus takes a seat on top of the mattress. He
text: watches Anna on her computer, once again scrolling thru
text: faces of men and maps.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Found it by accident and now I’m hooked.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: It’s a list of registered sex offenders.
dialog: You can look up any address in the Unites
dialog: States and it’1ll tell you how many of
dialog: them are in your area. I memorized my
dialog: delivery area, so I know what houses to
dialog: stay away from.
text: Gus nods, mildly interested.
text: She clicks off the computer and walks over to him. She
text: turns his wrist over and sees the scars from self
text: inflicted wounds, running her fingers over them. She
text: looks at him, curious.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Does it still hurt?
text: Gus takes her own hand and lifts her sleeve. She
text: protests a bit but he holds her hand in place with some
dialog: force.
text: REVEAL: She too has scars on her wrists, albeit much
dialog: older.
text: He touches them the same way she touched his. Anna pulls
text: her hand away, places her head on his shoulder. He lets
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: NEXT MORNING
text: Gus stirs awake. He sits up and sees Anna fully dressed,
text: getting ready for work.
text: She walks over to the door, holds it open.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Come on, let’s go.
dialog: 44.
text: Gus stares at her a BEAT before springing to his feet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL AREA - DAY
text: Gus rides on the back of Anna’s scooter as she pilots it
text: down grimy streets, past factories and warehouses. An
text: industrial wasteland that seems worlds away from the
text: urban sprawl.
text: She finds the address and stops the bike. As Gus gets
text: off the scooter, we see that he holds a HAMMER. He looks
dialog: at the building:
text: It’s a nondescript storage facility called, “STOR-4-U.”
scene_heading: EXT. STOR-4-U
text: Gus approaches the front door. It’s locked. Anna walks
text: up behind him to a keypad on the door, enters three
dialog: digits.
text: The door CLICKS.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Hope you find what you’re looking for.
text: She gets back on the scooter and leaves. Gus opens the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. STOR-4-U - MOMENTS LATER
text: A GUARD watches a re-run on a shitty TV. FOOTSTEPS
text: behind him. He waves dismissively, not looking up.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Leave it by the door.
text: The FOOTSTEPS continue. By the time the Guard looks up
dialog: it’s too late-
text: WHAM! A hammer smashes him across the nose. Gus stands
text: above him, glowering.
scene_heading: INT. STOR-4-U - OFFICE
text: A small and cluttered office. A bank of MONITORS fills
text: the entire wall.
dialog: 45.
text: Each monitor is a window into a different cell, similar
text: to the one inhabited by Gus. Various PRISONERS are seen
text: in utter seclusion.
text: The Office Manager, TOPH HARPER, is a slick-dressed man
text: in his late forties. He paces the room talking ona
text: headset.
speaker_heading: TOPH
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: We don’t do celebrities or people with
dialog: bodyguards. No mafiosi either. Just the
dialog: small fries. If it’s over six weeks
dialog: we’ll waive the transportation fee.
text: A COMMOTION outside gets Toph’s attention. He stops
text: pacing, looks up at the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SAME - MOMENTS LATER
text: Toph sits strapped to his chair with duct tape. Gus now
text: stands in front of the monitors, watching the prisoners.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: All your fucking little windows...
dialog: Reminds me of an ant farm. Do you like
dialog: ants, Toph?
text: Toph doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Somebody does. Who likes ants this much
dialog: Toph?
speaker_heading: TOPH
dialog: I wouldn’t know. Stor-4-U isa
dialog: completely confidential business.
text: Gus reaches over, grabbing Toph by the balls, twisting.
text: Toph YOWLS in pain and Gus shoves a rag in his mouth.
text: Gus grabs the roll of duct tape.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Toph has been duct taped so that his mouth is propped
text: open. Gus brings the hammer into his line of sight.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I’m taking one for every year
dialog: 46.
text: Toph PROTESTS nonsensically, tries to talk, but his mouth
text: won’t move. Gus puts the claw-end of the hammer into
text: Toph’s mouth, finds a tooth. Toph breathes frantically,
text: SCREAMS. His tongue touches the cold metal of the hammer
text: as a trickle of blood falls from his gums.
text: Gus cranks the hammer as though removing a stubborn nail.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KEYBOARD
text: As Toph WAILS, we see a bloody tooth drop to the
text: keyboard. It joins several other bloody teeth.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TOPH
text: The rag is back in his mouth, though now it’s a bright
text: crimson from soaking up blood.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You feel like talking now?
text: Toph GARGLES in the affirmative, his voice broken and
text: shaky.
text: Gus removes the rag, cuts Toph’ mouth free.
speaker_heading: TOPH
dialog: I don’t know his name. I never even saw
text: his face.
text: Gus isn’t happy about this. He stretches out another
text: piece of duct tape, ready to pull more teeth-
speaker_heading: TOPH
dialog: But I recorded it!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STOR-4-U - FILE ROOM
text: Gus finds a box with his name on it. He opens it to find
text: an envelope and an AUDIO TAPE.
text: He stuffs it all into his pockets.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STOR-4-U - CORRIDOR
text: Gus holds a hammer to Toph’s throat, the rag in his mouth
text: dripping with blood.
dialog: 47.
text: In front of him is a hallway filled with MEN, each
text: holding a weapon of some kind. There must be at least
dialog: twenty.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: AB blood types raise your hand.
text: After a few awkward moments, someone in the middle raises
text: his hand. Gus pushes Toph toward him.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Hurry up. He’s lost a lot already.
text: The man in the middle takes Toph, carries him out. The
text: rest of the men glare at Gus, who charges into them with
text: the hammer blazing.
text: The men attack Gus from all sides. He’s hit many times
text: but he never goes down. He is a whirling dervish,
text: swinging the hammer with exactitude and ferocity. For
text: every blow that Gus receives, he dishes out five. Knee
text: caps, elbows, jaws - all SHATTER from Gus’ blows.
text: When they gang up on him, stomping and kicking him on the
text: ground, Gus fights back, smashing toes and shins. He
text: picks men up and topples them over. It’s a ballet of
text: knuckles, blood, and pain.
text: One by one, the men drop like flies. He fights his way
text: through the men, all the way down the hall.
text: DING! The elevator has arrived. Gus looks as the door
text: opens, twelve more THUGS cram the elevator ready to
dialog: fight.
text: Gus smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STOR-4-U - DAY
text: Gus exits to the street. In the doorway behind him, a
text: sea of limping, GROANING thugs. Gus is the only one that
text: walks away, hands and face covered in blood. He looks a
dialog: mess.
text: A Man on the street runs up to him. Gus is weakened,
text: teetering on the brink of unconsciousness.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Sir, are you alright?
dialog: 48.
text: The Man hails a cab, puts Gus into it. Gus looks up and
text: is shocked at what he sees: it’s the same suicidal Man he
text: met on the roof of the building. Coincidence?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I have to thank you. You’ve given me
dialog: something to live for.
text: The Man PUNCHES Gus in the nose, blood gushes.
text: As Gus blacks out, the Man SMILES.
speaker_heading: MAN
text: Pleasant dreams, Gus.
text: He closes the door, slaps the taxi as it speeds off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AD VANTAGE, INC. - CORPORATE TOWER
text: Gus awakens next to a couple HOMELESS GUYS, blinking up
text: at the Ad Vantage Inc. corporate tower. He gets up
text: weakly, goes to a fountain, washes off the blood.
text: Suddenly, doors swing open and a multitude of suit-
text: wearing corporate employees trickle out of the building.
text: Gus scans everyone until his eyes rest on one man:
dialog: It’s MIKE.
text: Gus stares at his old friend as he walks with colleagues
text: down the courtyard and past the fountain. Though Mike
text: passes within a few feet of Gus he doesn’t see him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STRIP MALL - LATER
text: Gus follows from a respectful distance as Mike and his
text: work buddies walk to a familiar run-down strip mall.
dialog: It’s Franklin’s Bar.
scene_heading: INT. FRANKLIN’S BAR
text: A mellow neighborhood staple. Mostly locals and
dialog: businessmen.
dialog: 49.
text: Gus is seated at a stool. He watches Mike thru the
text: mirror behind the bar, sips a beer poured from the tap.
text: ANGLE ON MIKE flirting with a couple of WOMEN half his
text: age. They younger women aren’t impressed by Mike, but
text: accept the free drinks. When Mike’s back is turned one
text: of the girls makes a face to her friend.
text: Gus laughs, forgetting himself. A fly on the wall of
text: bygone days. Then, catching his own reflection in the
text: mirror, it all comes back to him. He suddenly gets a
text: look of revulsion, storms out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRANKLIN’S BAR
text: Gus pushes his way out of the door, and almost vomits on
text: the sidewalk. The fresh air makes him feel better
scene_heading: EXT. STRIP MALL
text: Gus walks slowly down the strip mall, looking in at all
dialog: the stores.
scene_heading: INT. LIQUOR STORE
text: We see Gus walk by the window, then stop. He recognizes
dialog: this place. It used to be the children’s store.
text: The door opens and a BELL rings.
text: The young CLERK scrutinizes Gus as he walks in, looking
text: around. When it’s clear he’s not going to buy anything-
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: You lost man?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: This place. It used to be a kid’s store
dialog: right?
text: The Clerk shrugs, gives him a menacing look. Gus pays no
text: mind, walks thru the aisles, remembering.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANKLIN’S BAR
text: Mike exits the bar drunk, SINGING old Billy Joel. He
text: sloppily lights a cigarette, when he hears his name.
text: Turns around to see Gus standing there.
speaker_heading: TOPH (V.0.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: Anyone, anywhere, anyhow...
text: Mike stares at Gus for several moments before a look of
text: recognition comes over him. He lunges at his old friend,
text: hugging him. Tears gush down his red cheeks. A mess.
speaker_heading: TOPH (V.0.) (CONT’D)
dialog: wWe’1ll make them suffer...you can watch
dialog: for a little extra.
text: By contrast, Gus’ face is a mask of cold indifference.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIKE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A bachelor’s apartment to a fault. Mike and Gus sit on
text: his black leather couch, listen to the audio cassette.
text: Mike smokes once again.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: I want him gone a long time, but I don’t
text: want him crazy. Angry, desperate
dialog: vengeful, yes. Crazy, no.
speaker_heading: TOPH (V.0.)
dialog: You’re in good hands. We have
dialog: medication. Anti-psychotics. Quite
dialog: effective in most cases. We’ve seen it
dialog: work well up to five years. No doubt
dialog: longer. But I guess it all depends on
dialog: the duration. So how long is he...
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Twenty years.
text: Long silence.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.0.) (CONT’D)
dialog: I thought the length was up to me.
speaker_heading: TOPH (V.0.)
dialog: What did he do?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Gus, you see... he talks too much.
text: CLICK. Gus stops the tape. He looks up at Mike.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Who hates me this much?
text: Mike thinks about it, takes a long drag.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Whoever he is, I hope I don’t know him.
text: Gus stands, walks to the window looking out at the city.
text: Mike’s apartment has an impressive view.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Mike... Was I a good friend?
text: Mike picks up his glass of whiskey and walks over to Gus.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Have a drink Gus. Like old times.
text: Gus shakes his head. Mike walks back to the table, sees
text: the ENVELOPE on the floor, opens it. Gus looks at the
text: envelope then over to Mike.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: An invoice...
dialog: (scanning the page)
dialog: Dated a few days ago.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PAPER:
dialog: “Thank you for your business! Final amount due:
dialog: $7,000.00”
dialog: And an address, “1616 Whitley Terrace, Unit D”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. 1616 WHITLEY TERRACE - NIGHT
text: Gus stands outside for several moments before entering
dialog: the building.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: INT. 1616 WHITLEY TERRACE
text: Gus takes the stairs two at a time until he’s standing
text: outside Unit D. The door is open a crack. Gus pushes it
text: open. He tries the lights, but the electricity is out.
scene_heading: INT. UNIT D
text: The apartment is barren. If anyone lived here before
text: they’re long gone now. Still, Gus moves cautiously in
text: the dark apartment.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Gus rounds the corner to see a light on. Two men stand
text: there. One is dressed casually, a genial smile on his
text: face. This is STEVEN. The other is large and muscled,
text: dressed in a suit and tie. Steven’s bodyguard, LARRY.
text: We recognize Steven as the same man who put him in the
text: taxi. The suicidal man on the roof. Gus stops dead in
dialog: his tracks.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: You should’ve stuck around to hear my
dialog: story.
text: In a rage, Gus charges and SLAMS him against the wall.
text: Larry springs into action, bringing a knife against Gus’s
dialog: throat.
text: Steven holds his hand up, signalling Larry to back off.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Who are you?
text: Steven smiles. Gus SHAKES him.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (cold as steel, with a smile)
dialog: You’1l have to earn it.
text: His smug reaction confuses Gus a bit, but escalates his
dialog: rage.
speaker_heading: GUS
text: (gritting through his teeth)
dialog: I’m gonna fucking rip your heart out.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Then you’1l never know why I locked you
dialog: up.
text: Gus’s mind races at the implication of Steven’s words.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you really live with that?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: You have five days to find out...
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: FUCK YOU!!!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: After that, I’11 kill everything you ever
dialog: loved.
text: Gus’s hand wraps around Steven’s throat and he begins to
dialog: squeeze.
text: Steven SNAPS his fingers and Larry drops a needle on a
text: turntable. A record plays “Climb Every Mountain.” Gus
text: falls to the floor, crumbling limply in a heap. Steven
text: steps over him.
text: As Gus writhes on the floor, paralyzed by the song,
text: Steven looks outside the wall of glass, across to another
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re really horrible at protecting your
dialog: women.
text: Gus eyes struggle to look at Steven.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Like I said: be it a pebble or grain of
text: sand, in water they both sink alike.
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Follow every byway, every path you know.
dialog: Climb every mountain...
text: He nods to Larry the bodyguard and they head out.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You have five days.
dialog: 54.
text: Gus strains to look out the window.
text: He sees straight into Anna’s apartment. She walks
text: towards the door as MEN force their way into the
text: apartment. They grab onto her. She struggles as they
text: violently force themselves upon her...
text: We PAN back towards Gus’s face as he watches on. The
text: rage and pain he feels at what he sees sends tears down
text: his cheek. He can’t turn away, forces himself not to
text: close his eyes and watch the horror unfold.
text: Suddenly, the song ends and the needle returns to its
dialog: cradle.
text: The effects of the song ends and Gus retains power over
text: his body and is able to move once again. Without missing
text: a beat, Gus rushes out of the apartment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANNA’S APARTMENT
text: As Gus approaches the apartment, he sees it’s open. He
dialog: rushes in to find-
scene_heading: INT. ANNA’S APARTMENT
text: The place is in shambles. Several THUGS from the Stor-4-
text: U fight are crowded in, waiting for Gus. Many of them
text: wear bandages and walk with limps.
text: ANNA SOBS when Gus enters, still tied up. Face bloody.
text: A KNIFE is pressed against Gus’ throat and he’s forced
text: into a seat. TOPH pulls up a chair across from him,
text: smiles. His front teeth have been replaced by PLATINUM
speaker_heading: FILLERS.
speaker_heading: TOPH
dialog: Like ‘em? Teeth are replaceable.
text: Toph walks over to Anna.
speaker_heading: TOPH (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m going to take something you can’t
dialog: replace.
text: Toph runs his hands over her body - a show especially for
text: Gus, who struggles futilely.
dialog: 55.
text: Two men force Gus to face Toph, who walks over towards
text: them. One of his goons hands Gus a serrated hunting
text: knife, which he points at Gus’s heart. Slowly her runs
text: the knife towards Gus’s groin.
text: Gus squirms as the knife brushes his pelvis. Toph makes
text: a lunging motion -
text: Gus eyes closes as he screams with the hand muffling his
dialog: cry -
text: But nothing happens. Gus was toying with him. The thugs
text: LAUGH as Toph leans in close to Gus.
speaker_heading: TOPH (CONT’D)
dialog: We always imagine it worse than it really
dialog: is.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Now get ready for the real thing...
text: Toph puts the claw in Gus’ mouth again, only this time
text: finding a tooth.
scene_heading: KNOCK- KNOCK!
text: Toph and company stop. At the door is Larry, Steven’s
text: henchman. He holds a briefcase.
speaker_heading: TOPH (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s this?
text: Larry FLIPS open the briefcase to reveal row after row of
text: neatly stacked hundreds. Toph smiles that platinum
text: smile, takes the briefcase.
speaker_heading: TOPH (CONT’D)
dialog: (to Gus)
dialog: Lucky sonuva...
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Let’s go.
text: They all start to head out, but Toph gets a change of
text: heart. Taking a bat from one of his men, he rushes back
text: over to Gus and STRIKES him. Then, straightening
text: himself, Toph and the thugs head out.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Stay.
text: Toph stops at the door.
speaker_heading: TOPH
dialog: What?
dialog: 56.
text: Gus weakly crawls on the floor behind him.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Stay... and fight.
text: A few of them SNICKER.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gonna cut your hands off.
text: Toph sneers, exits the apartment.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: You hear me?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: As Toph and his men exit, Gus’s voice echoes behind them-
speaker_heading: TOPH
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: What about my tongue?
text: They all LAUGH, continue down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. ANNA’S APARTMENT
text: Gus shuts the door. He turns his attention to Anna who
text: quietly whimpers. He crawls partway then struggles to
text: stand. Gaining his balance, he walks over to her and
text: undoes the gag in her mouth.
text: With the gag gone, she gasps for air, sobbing. She tries
text: to scream but her dry throat won’t allow it.
text: Gus works her hands free from the binds. First one hand
text: then the other. Exhausted, she falls into his arms. He
text: barely has any energy left to catch her. She finally
text: stands on her own and pushes away from him.
text: She looks into his eyes. His apologetic. Hers seething
dialog: with anger.
text: With blinding speed, she cocks her hand back and SLAPS
dialog: him. Hard.
text: He doesn’t react to the slap. Her anger mounts and she
text: slaps him AGAIN.
text: Soon her anger turns to despair and she begins to cry.
dialog: 57.
text: Gus tries to comfort her trying to wrap his arms around
text: her. She tries to get away from him pushing back but he
text: overpowers her. With closed fists, she beats at his
text: chest, but her energy’s waning.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You did this!!!
text: She finally falls into his arms, sobbing into his chest.
text: Without a word, Gus lets Anna take her anger out until
text: she’s spent.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck you!!!
text: With a delicate touch we’ve never seen from Gus, he holds
text: her face into his hands. He wipes the smeared mascara
text: running from her eyes.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: I won’t let anything happen to you again.
text: She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I promise.
text: Her anger subsides. Anna falls into his arms, exhausted.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Gus lays on the mattress, awake. He strokes her hair.
text: Anna is curled up next to him grabbing onto him like a
text: security blanket, sleeping.
text: She stirs in her sleep. She gasps and sits up, breathing
text: hard. She wakes from a nightmare, looks around the room.
text: Gus sits up behind her.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I’m right here. You were having a
dialog: nightmare.
text: She looks over to him, touches his face to reassure
text: herself. Satisfied, she shifts and lies on his lap. He
text: strokes her hair.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Go back to sleep.
text: Gus keeps stroking her hair to try and soothe her. She
text: pushes his hand away, roughly.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Don’t.
text: Gus puts his hand back on her hair. She tries to push
text: him away again.
text: Gus catches her hands and holds them like a vice. Then
text: he releases them gently and puts his hand back on her
text: hair and strokes it again.
text: Anna looks away and lies down facing away from him.
text: Tears stream down from her face.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t make it stop.
text: There’s a brief silence except for Anna’s sniffling. She
text: wipes her eyes.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I was fourteen. My grandpa was a
dialog: preacher. I was his perfect
dialog: granddaughter. Always attended Sunday
dialog: School at the church...
text: She struggles to continue - she needs to let this out.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: One Sunday after class, the teacher asked
dialog: me to stay late to help him clean up.
text: She gets choked up in tears.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: His hands were so strong. I couldn’t
dialog: stop him. I tried...
text: Gus closes his eyes pained for her.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: When I told my grandpa, he just looked at
dialog: me in this way. Like I did something
dialog: wrong. Like it was my fault. He said he
dialog: would take care of it, but he did
dialog: nothing.
dialog: (beat )
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: ANNA(CONT'D)
dialog: So every Sunday I had to face this
dialog: monster and I couldn’t say a word. He’d
dialog: just smile and act like nothing happened.
dialog: I’d see him places, around town, always
text: with that same, sick smile.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You’re safe here.
text: She breaks down, sobbing. As Gus holds her, he can’t see
text: the concern that slowly washes over her face. It’s clear
text: she doesn’t believe him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: Gus wakes still in his bloodied clothes. He rubs his
text: eyes and sees that Anna is already gone.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Gus is wiping down her table. He gathers some loose
text: change, Everything is in its place and organized. After
text: wiping the table, Gus inspects his work.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Gus opens the small refrigerator and peers in. He takes
text: a survey of what’s in there, but there’s not much.
text: He closes the door and thinks for a second before walking
text: back to the table. He looks into the bowl and dips his
text: finger inside, pushing the money around, counting it in
text: his head. He pauses for a beat and thinks for a second.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BODEGA
text: Gus walks out of the bodega with a bag full of groceries.
text: He pauses outside as he walks by the fresh flower stand.
text: He stares at the flower and at the woman cutting the
text: stems off the flowers.
dialog: 60.
text: He reaches into his pocket and counts what money he has
text: left. He looks over the flowers and spots a pretty but
text: inexpensive bouquet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNA’S APARTMENT - EVENING
text: Gus stares at her small dining table. The table is set
text: for a dinner he’s cooked. The flowers have been placed
text: into a makeshift vase in the middle of the setting.
text: He goes over to a basket near the entry way and grabs
text: some matchbooks. He takes one and lights candles, tosses
text: the matchbooks aside. He looks at everything, pleased.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNA’S APARTMENT - LATER
text: The candles have burned down. One has blown out
dialog: completely.
text: Gus sits in one of the chairs staring at the clock on the
text: wall. Anna’s late. Frustrated, he walks towards the
text: window and looks outside.
text: After a few moments, he comes back to the table. He
text: notices the blown out candle and goes for the matchbooks.
text: He lights the candle and takes a look at the matchbook
text: cover. It’s a picture of a cue ball with the number 13.
text: On the opposite end, the words: CLUB 13. He looks over
text: to the other matchbooks and they are all the same.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB THIRTEEN
text: Gus walks up to small unassuming doors and a large glass
text: window. It’s more a neighborhood bar than an actual
text: club, but it’s got music blasting inside and it’s packed.
text: Gus peers in through the window and sees Anna inside.
text: She has a drink in hand and flirtatiously leans against a
text: wall as a YOUNG MAN stands over her, his hand bracing the
text: wall. The young man leans in and kisses her neck. She
text: turns away, sees Gus staring at her through the window.
text: She looks away from Gus and pulls the Young Man closer to
text: her, giving him a deep long kiss.
text: He’s seen enough. Gus charges through the doors.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB THIRTEEN
text: Gus plows through the mostly young crowd. He sticks out
text: like a sore thumb.
text: He pushes people aside brusquely until he finds Anna in
text: the back corner with the young man. She looks briefly at
text: Gus then tries to ignore him.
text: Gus moves the Young Man aside and takes Anna by her hand.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I needed a drink.
text: The Young Man has spilled his drink on himself, looks at
text: Gus perturbed.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: This guy bothering you?
text: Gus whirls around and looks at the Young Man with an
text: angry but focused expression.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Leave.
text: He turns from him, in condescending fashion, trains his
text: attention back to Anna.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s go.
text: Anna rips her hand from his.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I’m not going anywhere. Leave me alone.
text: She moves towards the young man and wraps her arm around
text: him. She looks straight into Gus’ eyes and then kisses
text: the Young Man in front of him, her hand trailing down to
text: his crotch.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (shit-eating grin)
dialog: I think she likes me.
text: Gus grabs onto Anna once again and drags her with him.
text: She tries to fight but can’t free herself.
text: The Young Man grabs onto Gus’ shoulder and turns him
dialog: around.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Listen, you old fuck...
scene_heading: BIG MISTAKE.
text: Without letting go of Anna’s hand. Gus swings at the
text: Young Man. CRUNCH!!! Gus connects with the Young Man’s
text: nose and blood flies everywhere. The Young Man staggers
text: back and falls to the ground.
text: He grabs Anna, but she fights him tooth and nail, makes
text: a scene. SECURITY shows up. A BOUNCER pushes up on Gus,
text: but - BAM! - he gets a face full of fist. She SCREAMS.
text: Gus drags Anna out, almost carrying her out the door
text: The crowd keeps away from Gus, not wanting to receive his
text: wrath, while others go in the aid of the Young Man, whose
text: face is covered in his own blood.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB THIRTEEN
text: Gus carries Anna out the door in a giant bear hug. She
text: kicks and screams.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Let me go, you asshole!
text: Gus puts her down.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Stop screaming.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You want to act like a little girl, I’m
dialog: going to treat you like one.
text: Anna struggles a bit more then realizes it’s no use.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You’re hurting me.
text: Gus puts her down and but keeps hold of her hand. He
text: walks down the street pulling her behind him.
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INT. ANNA’S APARTMENT
text: Gus drags Anna inside and pushes her into the apartment
text: roughly. Anna almost falls by the force. She comes
text: inside the apartment and looks around. She stares at the
text: set-up in the dining table. Gus stands there embarrassed
text: by everything. She looks over to him.
text: He doesn’t answer.
text: She walks over to the table, then suddenly swipes the
text: setting off with her hand sending dishes to the floor.
text: Gus looks at her stunned and hurt - it’s not the reaction
dialog: he was hoping for.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I didn’t ask for this.
text: She takes a snort of cocaine. Gus walks over to her
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: How long you been doing that shit?
text: Anna takes a swing at him but he catches her hand.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Get the fuck out. I want you to leave.
text: She tries to push him towards the door.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Just like everyone else. You get your
dialog: fix then your gone!
text: She hits him with her fists. One lands cutting Gus on
text: the lip. He tries to catch her flailing arms as she
text: begins to attack. Tears are streaming from her face.
text: Gus finally grabs hold of her hands.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: That was the past. That’s not me.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: It never changes.
text: She struggles again but Gus restrains her. In the heat
text: of the struggle, Gus grabs her face and kisses her. She
text: resists. For a moment.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Leave me alone.
dialog: 64.
text: Then the passion takes over. Soon they are grasping at
text: each others’ bodies. Taking off clothes while their lips
text: devour each other. This release is heated and just about
text: as violent as their struggle.
text: They tumble towards the mattress. Their bodies cling to
text: each other in desperation.
text: Undressed, Gus lays on top of Anna kissing her breasts
text: and moving up her neck until finding her lips.
text: Anna moans in ecstasy. She grabs his head forcefully and
text: feeds him with a kiss.
text: They begin to make love.
text: CLOSE on Anna's face - a cross between pain and pleasure.
text: She bites her lip to keep from screaming, as Gus enters
text: her. They make passionate love, that's mixed with fear,
dialog: violence and love.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Gus and Anna lie naked in each other’s arms. He strokes
text: her arm gently. She closes her eyes. Bliss.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BATHROOM
text: Gus and Anna take a bath together, take turns soaping
text: each other up. She splashes him, LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: The drone of a hairdryer. Anna sits on the floor, head
text: bowed as Gus kneels behind her blow-drying her hair with
text: one hand, brushing it out with the other.
text: Finally, he turns the machine off. As he continues
text: brushing, she lets off a satisfied sigh.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Anna leans back against Gus. Suddenly, she looks at him.
text: Her face grows serious. Anna gets up, goes to the
text: closet. She pulls out a shoebox, brings it over to the
dialog: bed.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Something I should’ve done a long time
dialog: ago.
text: She opens the box and we see that it’s filled with
text: mementos. Pictures of old boyfriends, love letters,
dialog: poems.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know why I held on to these for
dialog: so long.
text: She grabs a pair of scissors, starts cutting pictures in
text: half, throws them in the trash.
text: Gus looks at a poem, but she snaps it out of his hand,
text: tosses it in the trash.
text: She cuts and cuts and cuts. Picture after picture falls
text: into the trash, ex-boyfriend after ex-boyfriend.
text: She takes the whole box and turns it over, dumping
text: everything into the trash. A total purging. Anna finds
text: this somewhat exhilarating.
text: Gus looks down at a picture. Something about the face
text: pulls him closer. The color begins to drain from his
dialog: face.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PHOTO:
text: One that Anna didn’t cut yet. A familiar face. He has
text: his arms around Anna, their hair mussed.
text: GUS staggers back in shock. He looks at Anna as though
text: she just plunged a knife into his belly.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT’D)
dialog: What?
text: She goes to him, takes a look at the picture. Gus can’t
text: look at her. He shoves the picture back
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: (with growing alarm)
dialog: That’s Steven. We just went on a few
dialog: dates.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: It’s HIM.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Who?
text: Anna is starting to panic.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Now he looks at her full on. His gaze overpowering,
dialog: condemning.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: How did you meet?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Online.
text: BEAT. Then the inevitable moment of dread-
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Did you FUCK him?
text: She looks away, eyes averted. He takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you still talk?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Sometimes.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Online or-
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Yes fucking online!
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Log on. See if he’s there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SAME - MOMENTS LATER
text: Anna sits in front of the computer screen. Gus paces
dialog: behind.
text: ON SCREEN: Her buddy list displays the name “Evergreen”.
speaker_heading: ANNA
text: He’s on.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Talk to him.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Gus...
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Talk to him goddammit!
text: She clicks on “Evergreen” and an Instant Messenger window
text: pops open. Immediately, Evergreen types:
dialog: “Hello Gus. Was she good?”
text: Gus PUNCHES the wall, losing his mind.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT’D)
text: He watches my every move.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I can’t do this right now.
text: Gus stares at the screen name, pacing.
dialog: Another message follows:
dialog: “You have three days.”
text: Evergreen disappears from her buddy list. On screen it
dialog: says:
dialog: “Evergreen has logged off.”
text: Gus paces once again. Anna feels terrible, starts to
dialog: cry.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Can’t fucking believe this!
text: But his words only make it worse. She can’t stop now.
text: He grabs her up in a tight embrace, almost too tight.
text: Anna sobs into his strong arms. She feels both comfort
text: and uncertainty. Security mixed with abject fear.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIKE’S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Mike sits behind a big desk. In his hand he holds the
text: picture of Steven. Only now, Anna has been cut out.
dialog: 68.
text: Gus and Anna sit opposite, studying Mike’s face.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: Someone’s been cut out.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Nevermind that. Look at the face.
text: Mike stares hard.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: And you say his name is Steve?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Steven. Last name, Riordan.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Riordan, Riordan...
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I don’t know this guy.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Hey wait, remember Telly from high
dialog: school? He runs a software company that
dialog: finds people online. Maybe we could-
text: Gus stops in his tracks - a moment of realization.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: His screen name’s Evergreen if that
dialog: helps?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Evergreen. .?
text: Gus slowly turns to Mike.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Mike...high school.
text: Gus and Mike look at each other, a sudden realization.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Are you shitting me?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Mike and I went to a school called the
dialog: Evergreen Academy. I transferred to St.
dialog: Joe’s my sophomore year. It can’t bea
dialog: coincidence.
dialog: 69.
text: They sit in stunned silence. A connection has been made.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I don’t remember any Steven Riordan.
dialog: Then again, I can barely remember
dialog: college.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: We need a yearbook.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Don’t look at me. I lost mine years ago.
dialog: Gus gets up-
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I’m going down there.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: It’s two hours away.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Give me your keys. I’m borrowing your
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: Gus drives. Leather seats, moon roof, the whole nine.
scene_heading: EXT. EVERGREEN HIGH SCHOOL - DAY
text: Gus drives up to the high school, parks in front. Anna
text: gets out, stretches her legs looking around. The school
text: is a cluster of old brick buildings surrounded by trees
text: and greenery. Old school - old money.
text: Gus looks around at the campus, the wheels of memory
dialog: turning.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Anna sits with Gus, flipping through a yearbook. A
text: LIBRARIAN scrutinizes them.
text: He gets to the ‘R’s. But there is no Steven.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: No Steven Riordan in any grade.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Maybe it’s not his real name. We should
text: just look at the faces.
text: He slides the book aside, frustrated. He looks out the
text: window. Meanwhile, Anna opens the book again, flips to
dialog: thru the women’s section.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: High school was a prison I left and never
dialog: looked back. Now I’m forced to look, but
dialog: I can’t see a thing. What crime
dialog: committed here could deserve such a
dialog: punishment?
text: An envelope falls out, Gus picks it up. It’s a coupon
text: for a hair salon called Susan’s Hair Creations. He looks
text: at it for a beat before pocketing it.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s the girls’ section.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I know. I saw something...
text: She stops at a name: Caroline Riordan.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Caroline Riordan.
text: The name strikes a chord with Gus. His mind races, he
text: looks around as if the walls are closing in on him.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you remember her?
text: He looks out the window to a kiosk in front of the
text: school. A GIRL stands there, holding her book bag,
text: waiting to be picked up. Gus stares at her, something
text: about the visual brings him back to...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EVERGREEN HIGH SCHOOL - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: A strikingly beautiful girl with long brunette hair and
text: piercing blue eyes stands by the same kiosk, years
text: earlier. This is CAROLINE RIORDAN, 17. She looks around
text: the empty parking lot waiting for someone.
dialog: 71.
text: YOUNG GUS stands nearby on his bike, smoking a cigarette.
text: He looks at his watch, then glances up at Caroline. She
text: flashes a quick smile then turns away, coyly.
text: Gus stares at her, awestruck. Slowly, he approaches.
text: She senses him coming, tries to look busy by looking at
text: the kiosk, full of flyers and announcements.
text: Gus clears his throat. She is looking at a flyer.
text: CLOSE ON the flyer - an audition for a play: MEDEA.
speaker_heading: GUS (cont’d)
dialog: You thinking about auditioning?
text: Awkward silence.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: You should. I bet you’1l get it.
text: Caroline smiles.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Oh yeah? How about you?
text: Gus scoffs.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Me? I was in the sixth grade production
dialog: of ‘The Sound of Music’ and I forgot all
dialog: the songs except one: ‘Climb Every
dialog: Mountain.’
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: That’s my favorite song from my favorite
dialog: musical.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I think actors are really cool.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Why would I wanna be cool?
text: Caroline looks at the cigarette. Gus looks at it too,
text: which he flicks to the floor and stamps with his feet.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re new here, right? My name’s Gus.
text: In the distance, a teenager stands looking at them.
text: STEVEN RIORDAN, 16, quiet and unassuming, with a camera
text: strapped around his neck.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: There’s my brother. I gotta go.
text: She heads towards her brother. Then pauses and turns to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (cont’d) (CONT’D)
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Caroline. My name’s Caroline Riordan.
text: She flashes him a devastating smile before joining her
text: brother and walking away.
text: Gus watches her go. He catches Steven looking back
text: glaring at him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Gus drives along the streets towards the quiet town of
text: Evergreen. His mind races.
text: Anna sits next to him staring at the sights outside.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: So what was she like?
text: Gus ponders the question but doesn’t answer.
text: Outside, a school bus drives down on the opposite side of
text: the street. Gus looks at it briefly. A boy on a bike
text: follows behind the slow moving bus, struggling to keep
text: up. It’s Young Gus. Gus looks at Young Gus pedalling
text: away through his rear view mirror.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: Young Gus pedals furiously as the school bus makes
text: several stops. Young Gus cuts through a small park area -
text: a short cut.
text: The bus stops and Caroline gets off the bus. She walks
text: across the street to a PUBLIC BUS stop where she meets up
dialog: with her brother Steven.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: The public bus makes a stop and Caroline and Steven get
text: off the bus. In the distance, Young Gus watches from his
dialog: bike.
text: Caroline and Steven walk towards their home. Steven
text: reaches for his sister’s hand to hold it. Caroline
text: shakes free from his grasp.
text: Gus watches this interaction. That was odd.
text: He starts pedalling slowly, making sure he’s undetected.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: A low income neighborhood. The street is lined with
text: small homes that have not been maintained.
text: Caroline and Steven walk into their house - paint
text: peeling, grass overgrown, junk piled everywhere.
text: Young Gus rides his bike up and stand behind a tree
text: watching the house, hoping to get a glimpse of Caroline.
text: Suddenly, from inside the house, through a window he sees
text: a figure of an older man, their FATHER. He looks unkempt
text: and scraggly, his shirt unbuttoned. He’s screaming at -
text: Caroline enters the window, fear in her eyes.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Don’t you walk away from me.
text: Her father grabs her hand and pushes her close to him.
text: She pushes him back, struggling to get away. He slaps
text: her hard. Caroline manages to get free and runs out of
text: the house. She runs to the side of the house away and
text: leans up against the wall crying, her hand feeling her
text: stinging face.
text: Steven runs out looking for her. He approaches slowly.
text: He goes up to her and hugs her. She cries into his
text: shoulder. He holds her face in his hands. He leans
text: in...for a kiss. He’s about to kiss her on the lips, but
text: she turns the last minute and he gives her a tender kiss
text: on the cheek.
dialog: 74.
text: Gus watches on. There’s something unnerving about their
text: interaction - something wrong. He feels like he’s
text: witnessed something taboo, presses against a tree to keep
dialog: from being seen.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN EVERGREEN - DAY (PRESENT)
text: The image of Young Gus appears as a reflection on a store
text: front window that disappears as Present Day Gus stares at
text: it. He takes out the flyer for the hair salon and walks
text: down the street filled with quaint stores and boutiques.
text: He looks back towards his car, sees Anna sitting there
text: looking out the window at him.
text: He looks back down the street. Across from where he
text: stands he spots a small hair salon with a sign reading:
text: SUSAN'S HAIR CREATIONS.
text: From a nearby coffee shop, SUSAN ANDRUCKI, 40s, exits
text: with coffee in her hand. She saunters through the shop
text: looking at her hair through a store window’s reflection.
text: She waves at other store owners and passerby’s before
text: entering the shop.
text: Gus crosses the street heading for the salon.
scene_heading: INT. SALON - DAY
text: Susan sits in a salon chair sipping her coffee talking on
text: the phone. Gus enters.
text: Susan swivels towards him not looking up, still talking.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (cont'd)
dialog: (to Gus)
dialog: I’ll be just a sec.
text: Gus clears his throat.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (cont’d) (CONT’D)
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Uh huh, uh huh. You said it.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Susan Andrucki.
text: She looks up, doesn’t recognize him...but familiarity
text: begins to creep up on her.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (cont'd)
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Dana, I gotta call you back.
text: She hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (cont’d) (CONT’D)
dialog: I haven’t been Susan Andrucki for a long
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Gus sits in the salon chair staring at his reflection as
text: Susan cuts his hair.
text: He focuses on her mouth, seemingly moving a mile a
dialog: minute. We catch phrases here and there.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (cont’d) (CONT’D)
dialog: Susan Barker. That’s my married name.
dialog: (another )
dialog: You were always such a troublemaker back
dialog: then. But look at you now. Time’s been
dialog: good to you.
dialog: (another )
dialog: You better tell that jerk to call me
dialog: back. I spent good money to find him on
dialog: the internet.
text: Susan runs her fingers flirtatiously through his hair.
text: She walks behind him and unbuttons her top button on her
text: blouse. She circles him and leans over, letting him get
text: an eyeful of her full breasts. Gus just stares at her
text: expressionless, looks beyond her to the mirror.
text: Gus watches his reflection as he gets groomed, looking
dialog: better and cleaner.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Do you remember Caroline Riordan?
text: Susan sighs, realizing his disinterest.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Caroline Riordan. .?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Drama club.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: God that name takes me back.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You remember?
text: She nods solemnly, affected by the name. Gus looks at
text: himself in the mirror, the haircut making him look
dialog: younger.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVERGREEN SCHOOL - LOCKERS - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: CLOSE ON Young Gus, staring at his reflection in a mirror
text: mounted on his locker door. Kids stream through the
text: corridor all around him. Something in the mirror catches
dialog: his eye:
text: CAROLINE, approaching from the end of the hall behind
text: Gus. He shuts the locker and turns around, looking at
text: Caroline. He’s taken with her simple beauty, her
dialog: modesty.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (V.0.)
dialog: Transfer student. Got in ona
dialog: scholarship, which basically meant she
text: was White Trash with a brain. Pretty
dialog: girl, but everybody knew where she was
dialog: from. What she really was.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SUSAN (V.0.)
dialog: What else? A slut...
text: But he notices something else, too. Other kids are
text: gawking at her, leering. She’s being ridiculed.
text: Caroline pretends not to notice, acts as though it
text: doesn’t get to her. Yet still, a hint of pain and
text: embarrassment is evident.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SALON - DAY
text: Susan stares at Gus via the mirror.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Everyone tried to forget after what
dialog: happened. It’s funny how we remember
dialog: what we only want to remember. What
dialog: happened to her was awful.
text: She stops.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I don’t remember much.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: That’s right, you transferred.
dialog: (beat )
text: They found her body washed up on the
dialog: river. Drowned herself. Jumped maybe...
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Who really knew? There were so many
dialog: rumors around. She was pregnant, she
dialog: didn’t know who the father was...
dialog: (pauses )
dialog: There was one rumor...
text: Gus looks at her. She makes a face.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (cont’d) (CONT’D)
dialog: Look, it was high school we were all
dialog: cruel. Out to save our own skins.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Do you remember anything else about
dialog: her...or her brother?
text: His tone becomes more urgent. Susan’s starting to tire
dialog: with this
dialog: cold.
text: Gus’s eyes
scene_heading: EXT. SALON
text: trip down memory lane. Her expression goes
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Why don’t you go ask the person that
dialog: started all the rumors.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Your old buddy. Mike.
text: widen, surprised.
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: Gus paces in front of the hair salon, dialing a number on
text: his cell phone.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - DAY
text: Mike is in the middle of a party, doing a line of coke.
text: Pretty, scantily clad women are everywhere. He pulls one
text: onto his lap, wraps his arms around her waist.
text: Mike’s phone rings.
text: He looks at his phone, ignores the call.
scene_heading: EXT. SALON - DAY
text: Gus hits ‘end’ on the cell phone, frustrated.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EVERGREEN SCHOOL - DAY
text: Gus and Anna's car returns to the school.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Gus parks the car and takes out the keys. He turns to
text: towards Anna and sees her curled up on the seat sleeping.
text: She looks so peaceful that he decides not to wake her.
text: He quietly slips out of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. EVERGREEN SCHOOL - DAY
text: Gus walks through campus looking at the empty buildings
text: trying to gain some clarity.
text: He stops and looks at a building in the distance and is
text: drawn to it. He makes his way towards the building.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - DAY
text: Gus pushes the doors open and enters the dark building.
text: He goes to the back wall to turn on the lights.
text: The theater comes to life as the lights flicker on.
text: Gus walks down the aisles and takes a seat in the middle
text: of the empty theater. Frustrated he buries his head in
text: his hands. He closes his eyes, and lets the memories
text: take over. When he looks at the stage again he sees...
dialog: 79.
text: Two young boys. A young Mike and a young Gus smoke
text: cigarettes on stage carrying paint and brushes.
text: It's a flashback but the present Gus exists in the same
dialog: space.
text: Gus quietly looks on remembering.
speaker_heading: THE STAGE
text: Mike and Gus paint a backdrop, surrounded by cans and
text: brushes. As Gus works he smokes a lit cigarette half-
text: dangling out of his mouth.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MIKE
dialog: Can you fucking believe this? Drama Club
dialog: sucks. It’s like being in Special Ed.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUS
dialog: You should feel at home then.
text: Mike gives Gus the finger, steps back to admire his paint
text: job. Gus flicks his cigarette on the ground, stamps it
text: out with his foot.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MIKE
dialog: I don’t know how I let you talk me into
dialog: this. All for some stupid chick.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUS
dialog: Oh you should talk. At least I don’t do
dialog: someone else’s homework to get to second
dialog: base.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MIKE
dialog: It was third base. And believe me, it
dialog: was worth it.
text: Gus picks up his brush again and starts painting.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MIKE (CONT’D)
dialog: (looks at watch)
dialog: Shit. I told Susan I’d meet her after
dialog: band practice.
text: He drops his brush in a bucket, wiping his hands off.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUS
dialog: We got work to do.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MIKE
dialog: Just this once, man. I think we’re going
dialog: all the way soon.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUS
dialog: You wish.
text: Present day Gus watches young Mike exit. He then returns
text: his gaze on the young Gus on stage.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUS (cont’d)
speaker_heading: (CONT’D)
dialog: Asshole.
text: Young Gus looks around the empty theater then looks up at
text: the lights. He sighs and disappears behind the stage.
text: Gus watches his young self disappear behind the stage.
text: Curious, he gets up and follows. He runs up on stage and
text: looks up at the catwalk overlooking the theater, sees
text: Young Gus's shadows. He follows.
speaker_heading: THE CATWALK
text: Present day Gus carefully walks up the creaking
text: structure, careful not to disturb his memory. He sees
text: young Gus perched above looking over the stage.
text: Young Gus rests his elbows over the catwalk ledge and
text: looks around. He makes sure he's alone and pulls out a
text: joint from his pocket.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUS (cont’d)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: (humming )
dialog: I think we're alone now...
text: He puts the joint to his lips and is about to light it
dialog: when...
text: A figure walks onto the stage.
text: Both Young Gus and Present Day Gus retract into the
text: darkness careful not to be seen.
speaker_heading: THE STAGE
text: Caroline walks onto the stage. Both Young and Present
text: Day Gus peek over the catwalk, catching a glimpse of her.
text: She walks in the middle of the stage and looks out to the
dialog: audience. She likes it up here.
text: She begins to recite lines.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Come flame of the sky...
dialog: 81.
text: She stops, not liking the delivery. She closes her eyes
dialog: to get into the moment.
speaker_heading: THE CATWALK
text: Young Gus looks at her and smiles, enchanted. He's
text: falling for her.
text: Present Day Gus looks at himself, empathetic.
speaker_heading: THE STAGE
text: Caroline takes a deep breath, starts over.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D) (cont’d)
dialog: Come, flame by sky, Pierce through my
dialog: head! What do I gain from living any
dialog: longer? Oh how I hate living! I want to
dialog: end my life, leave it behind, and die.
dialog: She's good.
speaker_heading: THE CATWALK
text: Young Gus is drawn to her, emerges from the shadows. He
dialog: wants to go down, but suddenly...
speaker_heading: THE STAGE
text: Another figure emerges from the side of the stage.
speaker_heading: THE CATWALK
text: Young Gus withdraws back into the shadows.
speaker_heading: THE STAGE
text: Steven Riordan joins his sister. A camera slung around
text: his neck. He takes a picture of her
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: C'mon, Steven. I'm trying to practice.
text: He takes another shot.
text: She's annoyed but loves the attention of the camera.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D) (cont’d)
dialog: Go away! I need to learn my lines.
text: He takes another shot, then places the camera down.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: What madness is this? The bed you long
dialog: for - Is it what others shrink from? Is
dialog: it death that you demand?
text: While reciting lines, Steven circles her taking pictures.
text: She laughs at him.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You missed a few lines.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: See? You know it. You don't need to
dialog: practice.
text: He keeps taking shots, getting closer to her. She's
text: getting into it, posing and acting coy.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Stop...
text: He is only a few inches from her. He stops taking shots
text: and places the camera down. He looks at his beautiful
text: sister. She gazes back at him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - DAY
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CATWALK
text: Young Gus watches the interaction between Caroline and
text: her brother with morbid fascination.
text: Steven leans into his sister for a kiss. It looks like
text: their lips will meet but she pushes him away. She laughs
text: and runs behind the stage.
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: Caroline and Steven play a flirtatious game, running
text: after each other. Steven traps her against a wall, holds
text: his arms out pinning him in between.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: No one's here.
dialog: 83.
text: She ducks under his arms and runs to a corner and sits on
text: a desk.
text: Steven approaches her slowly. He takes the camera and
text: begins to take pictures again, the flash explodes with
dialog: each shot.
text: She loves the attention of the camera. She leans back on
text: her hands, and lets him take pictures of her. It's as if
text: the camera is making love to her.
text: Steven finally let's go of the camera. He's directly in
text: front of her, between her legs. He touches her thigh.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT’D)
dialog: But I’m here. I’m always going to be,
dialog: Caroline. I’m going to take care of you.
text: She protests but her passion is clearly overwhelming.
text: His hand travels up her thigh, disappearing between her
text: skirt. She moans.
text: He leans in and tenderly kisses her neck then travels up
text: to her lips. They kiss passionately.
speaker_heading: THE CATWALK
text: Young Gus, is horrified. He takes a step back and the
text: catwalk CREAKS.
speaker_heading: THE STAGE
text: Caroline and Steven jump, surprised. Caroline gathers
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Who's there?
text: Caroline runs out.
text: Steven looks around and stares straight at Present Day
text: Gus before running out after his sister.
speaker_heading: THE CATWALK
text: Present Day Gus looks around at the empty theater. The
text: set disappears as the memory fades. He stands alone.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATER - DAY
text: Gus stands out of breath still reeling from the memory.
text: He scrambles for his phone and dials.
dialog: 84.
text: An uneasy feeling begins to fall on Gus.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Mike?!!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mike is walking thru the party, cell phone pressed to his
text: ear. He’s opening doors, looking for something.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hang on. Let me find someplace quiet.
text: He opens one last door, seeing an office, walks in.
speaker_heading: OFFICE
text: Mike closes the door behind him, the THUMPING music
text: fading into background noise.
text: It’s dark, he switches a desk lamp on.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m about to close a massive deal. It’s
dialog: gonna put me back on top. Can we make
dialog: this quick?
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: Listen to me. I need you to remember
dialog: Caroline Riordan. From Evergreen.
text: Mike closes his eyes and thinks.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Doesn’t ring a bell.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (angry) .
dialog: C'mon, this is important. Think! She
dialog: killed herself.
text: The door to the office opens, and the music SWELLS.
text: Mike holds a finger up, not looking back -
text: SOMEBODY’S entered the room.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (to visitor)
dialog: I’1l be with you in a second.
dialog: 85.
text: The door closes, and the music is muffled into background
text: noise once more. Mike plays with a pendulum.
text: Behind him a FIGURE stands waiting in the dark...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THEATER - DAY
text: Gus looks on at the car, impatiently. Anna still sleeps.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Is someone there with you?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah I gotta go...
speaker_heading: GUS
text: Wait! She had long dark hair. She was
dialog: in theater. The same year as we were.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE OFFICE
text: Mike begins to remember.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Wait, I do remember that chick. That
dialog: crazy girl.
dialog: (beat )
text: She drowned herself in the river. It was
dialog: fucked up.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Man, she was a total slut. Slept with
dialog: everyone.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Oh shit. She was fucking her brother!
text: The FIGURE IN SHADOW shuffles, moves forward towards
dialog: Mike.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: How could you forget something like that?
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: It was so long ago. Who knows what’s
dialog: true. Anyway, she died, end of story.
dialog: No one cared.
text: The FIGURE MOVES in CLOSER...
scene_heading: EXT. THEATER - DAY
text: Gus comes to a realization.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You told everyone!
dialog: (beat )
dialog: It was you...
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: We see Mike as Young Mike, on the phone.
text: The FIGURE is just behind Mike.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Fuck you man. That’s a shitty thing to
dialog: say...
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: But you did.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Maybe I told a few people. But I wasn’t
dialog: the one that started it.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATER - DAY
text: Gus talks on the phone, agitated.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Then who did?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: Mike and Gus walk their bikes, backpacks slung behind
text: them. Gus has a pre-occupied look. He glances over to
dialog: Mike.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (serious, subdued)
dialog: I gotta tell you something, but you gotta
dialog: swear not to tell anyone.
text: Mike nods.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Young Mike on the phone, the DARK FIGURE towering above
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATER - DAY
text: Mike’s silence cuts Gus like a cruel accusation. He
text: nearly doubles over at the realization.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE OFFICE - DAY
text: Present day Mike holds the phone impatiently.
text: The FIGURE behind Mike has his tie off, wrapped around
text: his hands like piano wire.
text: REVEAL: Steven lowers the tie around Mike’s neck
text: strangles him. Mike drops his cell phone and grabs at
text: the tie around his neck. Steven looks on focused,
text: empowered by his passion and anger. Mike can only make
text: choking noises as he struggles.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATER
text: Gus can hear the struggle on the other end.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Mike? Hello? Mike!!!
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE OFFICE
text: Mike slumps over the desk, dead. Gus’ voice can be heard
text: thru the cell phone, calling out for him.
text: Steven grabs the cell phone, in tears.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: My sister was not a slut. You hear me?!
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: You sick son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Don’t feel too bad. Mike got what he
dialog: deserved.
text: Steven hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - EVENING
text: Gus drives numb and emotionless.
text: Ann awakens. She looks at him tenderly.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: How long have I been asleep?
text: Anna reaches out for him and touches his hand.
text: Her touch pushes him over. He lets out a blood-curdling
text: SCREAM. Anna just stares as he screams and screams,
text: pounding the steering wheel, crying in anguish.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK thru the windshield, out of the car.
text: We can still see Gus screaming, but we can no longer hear
dialog: him:
scene_heading: EXT. CAR - EVENING
text: We view his violent outburst from outside the car but can
text: only hear the incredible silence of the desolate road.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Gus and Anna’s car drive up to motel.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Gus and Anna sit on the bed. She faces him, he faces the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You got locked up for twenty years for
dialog: saying that?
speaker_heading: GUS
text: Whether it’s a pebble or a grain of sand
text: in water they both sink alike.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: We beat the deadline.
speaker_heading: GUS
text: Tomorrow is the anniversary of her death.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: But that doesn’t matter. You wanted to
dialog: know why. You have your answer. Now
dialog: it’s over. Let’s just keep going.
text: They stare into each others’ eyes, and it clearly affects
text: Gus. Her earnestness grows. She senses that she may
text: finally be reaching him - pushes further.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Someplace he can’t find us. We can start
dialog: over. You can walk away.
text: He struggles to answer her, but instead turns away and
dialog: steels himself.
text: Anna waits for any sign from him for a beat, then resigns
text: herself to his silence. After a few moments, she takes
text: his arm, rests her head against his shoulder.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Gus and Anna lie naked together in bed, post-coital deep
text: sleep, her leg draped over his.
text: ANGLE ON DOOR, as GAS seeps into the room through a crack
text: at the bottom.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: SAME - MOMENTS LATER
text: ECU on GAS MASK, a man’s face barely visible behind.
text: It’s Steven and it looks like he’s smiling.
text: He walks across the gas-filled room, to the bed where
text: Anna and Gus sleep oblivious to his presence. He kneels
text: down next to her, runs a finger along her exposed hip
text: slowly sliding off what’s left of the covers, leaving her
text: completely naked.
text: Thru his gas mask, Steven’s breathing is loud and slow,
text: like an astronaut exploring a new world.
dialog: 90.
text: He turns to look up at:
text: LARRY standing by the door. He too wears a gas mask. In
text: his hands he holds an elegantly wrapped gift box.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: The sun has risen. It’s a new day.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM
text: Anna and Gus hover over the strange gift box, bewildered
text: by its presence. Gus cautiously opens it.
text: CLOSE ON BOX: Sitting there on a velvet cushion, is a
text: man’s severed HAND. We’1ll recognize the ostentatious
text: ring as belonging to Toph.
text: She stares at it a long beat, before collapsing on the
text: ground unconscious.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Gus drives Mike’s jaguar back to the city.
scene_heading: INT. MIKE’S CAR - DAY
text: Gus is stonefaced. Anna looks out the window.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: We don’t have to do this.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: We have no choice. There’s no where safe
dialog: for us. Until I end it.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC STORAGE - DAY
text: Gus and Anna walk through the hallway of Toph's public
text: storage building. Toph's lackeys watch him pass by
dialog: suspiciously.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What are we doing here?
dialog: 91.
text: Gus doesn't answer, focused. Anna looks at him unsure.
text: Gus walks on as Anna scurries after him.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC STORAGE / TOPH'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Gus and Anna enter the room followed by Toph's thugs.
text: Toph sits with his back to them. Slowly, he swivels
text: around to reveal that his hand has been replaced by a
text: prosthetic. He looks at them, then subconsciously rubs
text: his fake hand.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: We need to talk. Alone.
text: After staring into his eyes, Toph waves his prosthetic at
text: his thugs, who grab onto Anna and lead her away.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Gus.
dialog: (to the thugs)
dialog: Let go of me you assholes.
text: Gus looks at her.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Go with them.
text: The thugs lead her away, as she makes it difficult. When
text: they're out of sight, Gus approaches Toph and takes a
text: seat opposite him.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: It looks like we've both got a score to
dialog: settle.
text: Gus gives him the ostentatious ring. Toph takes it,
text: strokes it nostalgically.
speaker_heading: TOPH
dialog: It appears that way.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Tell me where he is.
text: Toph looks at him contemplating the request.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. STOR-4-U - CORRIDOR
text: Gus walks towards the exit alone. In the background, we
text: hear Anna screaming and pleading.
speaker_heading: ANNA (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t leave me here! Gus!
text: Gus keeps walking, knows it’s for the best
speaker_heading: TOPH (V.0.)
dialog: An enemy’s enemy is a friend, right
dialog: (beat )
dialog: It’s in the theater district
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: If I don’t come back by tomorrow, let her
dialog: go.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL VIEW - THEATER DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: Marquee lights and neon signs switch off one by one. The
text: theater district is sleeping.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATER - NIGHT
text: Gus heads towards a warehouse space transformed into a
text: theater. The marquee on the building reads: MEDEA.
text: Gus tries the door. It's open.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Gus carefully enters the dimly lit theater lobby. He
text: walks through the lobby passing stills from past
text: productions. He hears voices inside the theater
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - NIGHT
text: Gus enters the darkened theater. Spotlights are
text: positioned on stage as a young woman stands there.
text: He takes a closer look, focusing on the woman’s face.
text: All he can see is the young and beautiful Caroline
text: reciting lines.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Come, flame by sky, Pierce through my
dialog: head! What do I gain from living any
dialog: longer? Oh how I hate living! I want to
dialog: end my life, leave it behind, and die.
text: She looks straight at him, piercing him with her dark
text: eyes as though looking straight into his soul.
text: He closes his eyes and looks again:
text: The young woman is not Caroline at all just an actress
text: rehearsing.
text: Gus shakes his head trying to shake the image from his
dialog: mind.
scene_heading: STAGE MANAGER’S VOICE
dialog: (v.0.)
dialog: (thru P.A. system)
dialog: That's it for today folks, see you for
dialog: dress rehearsal tomorrow.
text: Actors disperse. Gus looks around trying to spot Steven.
text: Suddenly, we hear a pair of hands CLAPPING. The sound
text: echoing in the empty theater. Gus looks around trying to
dialog: spot the source.
text: The lights go out. All that remains is the spotlight
text: focused on the stage.
speaker_heading: THE STAGE
text: From the darkness a dark figure emerges into the
text: spotlight. Steven stands on stage CLAPPING.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Congratulations. You made it just in
dialog: time.
text: Furious, Gus runs up to the stage, bum-rushing Steven.
text: He tackles him to the ground and starts pummeling him
text: mercilessly.
text: Steven doesn't make a move, not even to avoid being hit.
text: Gus continues the onslaught of punches to Steve's face.
text: Steven's head whips back as he spits out blood.
text: Gus pauses trying to catch his breath. He seems animal-
dialog: like.
dialog: 94.
text: Steve looks at him, bruised and bloody, works a smile on
text: his lips. It looks like he may be enjoying this.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Go ahead, kill me. Then you'll miss the
dialog: best part.
text: Gus gets up off him. Steven smiles through the blood.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: There's so much more for you to learn.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Fuck you! I don't want to know anymore.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Then why are you here?
text: Steven disappears behind the curtains of the stage.
text: Gus watches him go, cautious. Is this a trap?
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: Gus walks through the backstage and sees a stairway. He
text: looks up to see Steven at the top of the stairs.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Up here.
text: Gus hesitates for a beat then follows up the stairs
text: cautiously. Steven disappears into a door
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gus walks into a spacious penthouse apartment above the
text: theater. We hear the somber tune of Mozart's Requiem.
text: Gus looks around. The walls are adorned with framed
text: pictures. On closer inspection, we see that the pictures
text: are mostly of Caroline Riordan. At the center is a large
text: striking picture of Caroline, trying to look happy.
text: Behind her is a blurred picture of a river. Gus looks
text: stares at the haunting picture.
text: Steven gathers himself looking at a mirror, wiping the
text: blood from his face.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I took that picture before she died.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You took my life from me. Killed the
dialog: people I loved and for what? Because I
dialog: started a stupid rumor?
text: Steven laughs at the irony.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: A stupid rumor...
dialog: (beat )
dialog: The rumor you started spread and spread,
text: like a disease.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I didn't mean...
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: You weren't even around to see what you
dialog: created.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: It was a mistake.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: That mistake cost me everything.
text: Steven looks at the framed picture of Caroline at the
text: river. He touches it.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I wasn't strong enough to hold on to her
text: We zoom in on the picture as if comes to life.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BRIDGE - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: Close on Caroline's smiling face as the picture comes
dialog: alive.
text: As widen out to reveal that Caroline is leaning of the
text: bridge ready to plunge in the river. Steven is holding
text: on to her right hand, crying, trying to keep her from her
text: falling. She dangles precariously over a shallow river,
text: spotted with jagged rocks. A camera, dangles around his
dialog: neck.
text: She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Don't cry.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Let me go.
dialog: 96.
text: Steven hangs on tighter.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Nooooo!
text: She gathers a smile. With a her left hand she reaches
text: over to the camera and clicks a picture of herself. The
text: same picture now hanging on the loft.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Remember me.
text: With that she unclasps her right hand, which begins to
text: slip from Steven's grasp. He tries desperately to hold
text: on but isn't strong enough. He loses his grip and she
dialog: falls.
text: Steven's POV of Caroline falling to the river below on
text: her back, as if she's floating peacefully.
text: He screams after her.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Steven looks at his hands. Gus looks on guiltily.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I'm sorry. Is that what you want?
text: Steven looks at him furious.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
text: The time for apologies is long over.
text: Steven walks to his laptop and whirls it around towards
dialog: Gus.
text: Gus approaches the laptop and sees a window with an
text: image. A surveillance video pointed into the storage
text: room. In the room sits Anna
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Anna sits on the bed staring at the clock. She looks
text: over to her suitcase and pulls it towards her.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gus looks at the image on the screen, horrified.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: You underestimated me.
scene_heading: INT. TOPH'S OFFICE - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: Toph's strapped to a chair, with his right arm exposed.
text: One of his thugs let him drink from a bottle of whiskey.
text: Steven looks on in a corner, stoic.
text: Toph takes a deep breath and nods to Steven.
speaker_heading: TOPH
dialog: (gritting it)
dialog: Get it fucking over with.
text: Steven nods to another thug next to him who takes out a
text: hack saw. The thug approaches Toph and begins to saw off
text: his arm. Toph screams in pain.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (V.0.)
dialog: I worked my whole life to make money that
dialog: means nothing to me.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: But it shouldn’t surprise me how far
dialog: people will go to get what they really
dialog: want.
text: These words ring in Gus's head. He doesn't know what to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: She has nothing to do with this. Let her
dialog: go.
text: Steven spins around, furious. He slams his fist ona
text: table, cracking the glass facade.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: She has everything to do with this.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Anna searches through her suitcase.
text: Suddenly, the door opens and Toph walks in carrying a
text: large gift box.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gus watches from the laptop.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I swear to god if you hurt her...
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: That's all up to you.
text: Steven’s bodyguard LARRY enters holding an ornate photo
text: album. He hands it to Steven. Steven leafs through it.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (cont’d)
dialog: You care about her don't you?
text: Gus doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT'D) (cont’d)
dialog: It was so perfect. I spent so much time
dialog: thinking about how I would do it. Make
dialog: you feel the pain that I did. Then it
dialog: hit. It was so perfect.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Steven hands Gus the photo album. Gus looks at it, but
dialog: doesn't take it.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Take it!
text: Larry stands nearby, arms folded across his chest.
text: Slowly, Gus's hand reaches out for the album.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Toph now sits on a chair by the bed. We see that he
text: wears a holster with a gun.
dialog: 99.
text: Anna eyes the gun the gazes at the gift box he's placed
text: by him. She continues to rummage through her suitcase
text: finds what she's looking for.
text: She takes out a wrinkled brown paper bag from her
dialog: suitcase.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gus takes the album and opens the first page. A newborn
text: baby. Gus turns the page, pictures of Gus’s wife Kayla
text: and Gus holding the baby.
text: Gus begins to cry, seeing these images, revisiting old
dialog: pain.
text: He flips the page: more pictures of the baby, now wearing
text: ANGEL WINGS. Then as a toddler on Christmas morning.
text: Then as a little girl learning to ride a bike.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: There's something about her. You must
dialog: have felt it right away...
text: Gus turns another page. Pictures of the girl as a teen.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT'D) (cont’d)
dialog: As if you've known her all your life.
text: Gus's face becomes grim. A slow realization.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Anna pulls the contents of the brown paper bag.
text: Something discernible...something white.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gus, scared, turns to the final pages. A prom picture.
text: Gus’s face goes ashen. The girl in the photos is ANNA.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Anna sits on the bed. The angel's wings strapped to her
text: back like a security blanket.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gus crumbles to the ground in tears, broken. The room is
text: spinning and he dry heaves.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: What have you done?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I've made you fall in love.
text: Gus clutches at his stomach, reeling in the fact that
text: he's slept with his own daughter.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Now you know how I feel.
text: Steven gets up and takes out a gun. Gus stares at it
text: with a look of dread and longing. Steven smiles.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I'm not going to kill you.
text: He sets the gun down next to Gus and walks away. He
text: heads for his picture.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (cont’d)
text: In the box next to Anna is that same
dialog: album.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Anna, wearing the angel's wings, looks at the gift by her
text: side. She puts a hand to it. She looks at Toph.
text: Toph looks at the clock and shakes his head 'no.'
text: She lifts her hands off the box and waits. Anna returns
text: her gaze to the box.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gus gets a look of rage. He curls his fingers into fists
text: as he storms behind Steven. That’s when Larry steps in
text: blocking his path.
text: Gus throws several punches, but Larry is a seasoned
text: fighter. They crash into each other like fierce
text: animals. Larry brings Gus to the ground, trying to choke
text: him out. But Gus outmaneuvers him, and gains leverage.
dialog: 101.
text: He jabs Larry in the throat, wrenches his arm too far to
text: the left - SNAP! Larry isn’t giving up, grabs a clump of
text: Gus’ hair. Gus head-butts him, causing blood to gush
text: from Larry’s nose.
text: He leaves Larry on the ground squirming scrambles to pick
text: up the gun but Steven has it in his hands. He points it
text: at Gus’s head. He motions for Gus to get up on his feet.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Please, I'm begging you. Don't show it
dialog: to her. This is all my fault. Don't
dialog: punish her.
text: Gus gets up, defeated...blubbering.
speaker_heading: GUS (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I'll do anything. Anything you want.
text: Steven looks away from him and back to the picture.
text: Steven stares into Caroline's eyes - a flash of anger
text: that subsides as quickly as it came.
text: Steven wraps his arm around Gus as they stand side by
text: side facing opposite directions. Steven points the gun
text: to Gus’s temple. One bullet and they both die.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: The only thing I did wrong was to love
dialog: her, Gus.
text: Gus opens his eyes, stops trembling.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: We loved each other and we were willing
dialog: to live with that fact.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Now the question is, can you?
text: Steven picks up the phone with his free hand and dials.
text: He waits a beat until someone on the other line picks up.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Let her go...
text: Hearing these words sparks Gus into action. He grabs the
text: gun from Steven - and in the blink of an eye - spins
text: around and pulls the trigger.
text: The bullet flies through the air and lands in Steven’s
text: head - flies out the other end.
dialog: 102.
text: For a moment, there is nothing bus silence.
text: Gus and Steven stare at each other, a moment of unity and
text: understanding. Steven’s face looks serene as if he’s
text: finally reached some inner peace. He falls back, dead.
text: Gus stands there with the gun still smoking in his hand.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Toph hears nothing but silence over the phone.
text: He reaches for the gift box, hesitates.
text: Then he lifts the cover. She takes out the album.
text: Toph gets up off the chair and pulls out a train ticket
text: from his pocket.
speaker_heading: TOPH
dialog: If I were you, I'd go as far away from
dialog: here as possible.
text: He throws the ticket on the bed and exits leaving the
text: door wide open.
text: Anna flips through the pages of the book
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - YEARS LATER
text: Gus drives alone in a jeep down a rural country road.
text: Trees, mountains, peace.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: Too many questions to answer, so I left
text: them all behind.
scene_heading: INT. GUS’ JEEP
text: Gus’ hair has gone completely grey. His eyes have lost a
text: bit of their former ferocity. His face is wrinkled,
dialog: world-weary.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.0.)
dialog: But wherever I went the questions
dialog: followed. What is happiness? What is
dialog: love? Where do we lay our hearts to rest
dialog: and move on with our lives?
dialog: 103.
text: He turns up a small side road.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - YEARS LATER
text: A small town diner.
text: Anna, again working as a waitress, takes an order.
text: There’s something different about her. She looks older,
text: more mature, a bit distant — sadness lingers in her eyes.
text: The BELLS of the door ring, signalling a new customer
text: entering. She turns towards the door and sees...
text: Gus, who also looks older and a bit worn down. They
text: regard each other for a bit, not moving, not saying
dialog: anything.
text: He looks at her, longingly. He's torn by his decision
text: but knows he can’t stay away.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: WE FADE UP ON THE HAUNTING SOUND OF:
text: THE ZOMBIES "TIME OF THE SEASON" AS CREDITS ROLL
dialog: 
