text: ON THE BASIS OF SEX
dialog: Written By
speaker_heading: DANIEL STIEPLEMAN
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - DAY
text: Concealer, lipstick, mascara on the counter. RUTH BADER
text: GINSBURG (36) is applying blush. When she’s finished, she
text: considers her reflection. She puts on A GOLD, SUNBURST PIN.
text: And tries a smile. ..... But it looks forced. She drops it.
text: A breath. And she tries again. A different smile. And...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: May it please the court.
text: Not right yet. A smile. And...
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Your honors and may it please the
dialog: court...
dialog: That’s not it either...
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: May it please the court.
text: She looks herself in the eye one more time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MAIN TITLE -- OVER BLACK:
text: ON THE BASIS OF SEX
text: HEAR: Driving, martial music. Horns and drums. It’s the
text: Crimson fight song “Ten Thousand Men of Harvard.”
text: AS A MALE CHORUS joins...
scene_heading: EXT. AUSTIN HALL - DAY
text: Well groomed white MEN (20s) march through a quad. Into an
text: impressive building with columned arches.
dialog: “Ten Thousand Men of Harvard want victory today....”
dialog: They're the future leaders of America. And in their well-cut
text: dark suits, with their cocky grins, it’s clear they know it.
dialog: “For they know that o’er old Eli, fair Harvard holds sway...”
text: But amidst the pants and loafers -- GLIMPSE: a pair of high-
text: heeled shoes, a skirt swaying, shoulder-length brown hair.
dialog: “So then we’ll conquer all old Eli’s men...”
scene_heading: INT. AUSTIN HALL - DAY
text: AS THEY ENTER AN AUDITORIUM: She slows her step. Letting the
dialog: men pass...
text: IT’S RUTH (23 here). Petite, lean and striking. She takes in
text: the size of the place, its grandeur. And is awed.
dialog: “And when the game ends, we’ll sing again...”
text: Proud, she continues down the center aisle.
dialog: “Ten thousand men of Harvard gained victory today!”
text: Ruth finds a seat. And as the crowd quiets, smiles to the man
text: she’s settling beside. He stares. Confused by her presence.
text: IN FRONT: A line of seated professors. AMONG THEM: Professor
text: Ernest Brown. ERWIN GRISWOLD (52, formidable) comes to a
dialog: podium:
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Settle down, please. ... Be seated.
speaker_heading: SUPER: 1956
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD (CONT’D)
dialog: My name is Erwin Griswold. I’m the
dialog: dean of this place. ... Welcome to
dialog: Harvard Law School. We have no glee
dialog: club here. The work is hard. The
dialog: load is heavy. ... Take a moment to
dialog: look around you...
dialog: Ruth does. There are over five hundred people in this grand
text: room. Most of them are white. Only nine of them are women.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD (CONT’D)
text: In this room are Rhodes and
dialog: Fulbright scholars. Phi Beta Kappa
dialog: members. Student body presidents. A
dialog: Harvard Crimson football captain.
text: Pats on the back for the smiling sports hero.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD (CONT’D)
dialog: Together, you will become lawyers.
dialog: It is a privilege you share. And a
dialog: responsibility that you accept. ...
dialog: Consider: what does it mean to be a
dialog: Harvard man? A Harvard man is
dialog: intelligent, of course. But he is
dialog: also tenacious. He is a leader
dialog: devoted to the rule of law.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD (CONT'D)
dialog: He is mindful of his country. Loyal
dialog: to tradition. And he is respectful
dialog: and protective of our institutions.
scene_heading: OFF RUTH: Determined.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG HARVARD APARTMENT —- LATE DAY
text: The garden apartment is small and uncluttered: mismatched
text: furniture, books, baby toys and museum posters.
text: IN THE BEDROOM: THE MARRIAGE OF FIGARO plays on a record.
text: Ruth, in a slip, is considering the contents of her closet.
text: One dress in hand, she pulls out another. She can’t decide.
text: She takes them with her... Out of the room. DOWN THE HALL...
text: THE LIVING ROOM empty, she enters THE ADJACENT KITCHEN:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (re: the dresses)
dialog: Which one makes me look more like a
dialog: Harvard man?
text: MARTIN GINSBURG (24, classically handsome) is at the kitchen
text: table. Bouncing their daughter JANE (1) on his knee.
text: He looks up from a textbook before him. Adoring.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’m thrilled you look nothing like
dialog: a Harvard man.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Seriously, you know how I am at
dialog: these things. It’s the dean’s
dialog: dinner, Marty. I need to make a
dialog: good impression.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You will, Kiki (pr: Kick-EE). But
dialog: it’s the other way around. You make
dialog: the dress look good.
text: She kisses him -- and Jane. Then notices Martin’s untouched
text: plate of “food” on the table.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You barely touched your tuna
dialog: casserole. I put onions in. They
dialog: help, right?
text: They don’t. As he forces down a forkful:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yeah... Definitely.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (re: the dresses)
dialog: I don’t like either of these.
text: She breezes out of the room.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: So. Where were we? ... Ah.
dialog: (reading aloud to her)
dialog: The Tax Code disallows some
dialog: deductions held to be contrary to
dialog: the public interest.
dialog: (off Jane's babbling)
dialog: Just wait. This is the good part.
text: He eats a grape off her plate.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. HARVARD UNIVERSITY CLUB - FOYER - NIGHT
text: A grand room. Dignified and formal. MALE PROFESSORS in suits
text: chatting collegially. THE EIGHT OTHER WOMEN of the class of
text: 1959 (20s, intelligent, poised) are ingratiating themselves.
text: Ruth enters. A vision in her swing dress and pearls. And
text: takes it all in: The room. The crowd. The chatter... The men
text: are proffering arms to the women. Forming a double-line to
text: enter THE DINING ROOM...
text: Before the doors, Dean Griswold and his wife, HARRIET
text: GRISWOLD (52, on crutches, crippled by polio), are welcoming
dialog: their guests...
scene_heading: HARRIET GRISWOLD
dialog: Welcome. ... Hello, Professor.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Harry. You're happy with the
dialog: updated textbooks? ... Good.
text: Ruth prepares herself... Then joins in.
scene_heading: INT. HARVARD UNIVERSITY CLUB - DINING ROOM - LATER
text: Ruth eats her stewed chicken and lima beans with slow
dialog: precision.
text: She scans the room. They’re around a formal dining table: men
text: and women in alternating seats. Entrenched in conversation.
text: Being served by Black Waiters.
text: She eyes the women: Confident. Wise. With easy laughs.
text: To her right: a YOUNG PROFESSOR faces away from her, ashing a
text: cigarette in the ashtray between him and Ruth, and talking up
dialog: one of the women, EMILY:
speaker_heading: YOUNG PROFESSOR
dialog: He said, “Professor, have you
dialog: corrected our papers?” I said,
dialog: “Correcting them would take a
dialog: lifetime. I’m merely grading them.”
text: Emily laughs gregariously.
text: DING-DING-DING. At the head of the table, Griswold TAPS HIS
text: GLASS, rising. Ruth puts down her utensils neatly.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Esteemed colleagues. Ladies. This
dialog: is only the sixth year women have
dialog: had the privilege to earn a Harvard
dialog: Law degree. This little soiree is
dialog: our way of saying welcome.
dialog: (pointing her out)
dialog: My wife Harriet and I are glad all
dialog: nine of you have joined us.
text: APPLAUSE. Ruth is grateful. But notes that some professors
dialog: are more enthusiastic than others.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD (CONT’D)
dialog: Let us go around the table. And
dialog: each of the ladies, report who you
dialog: are, where you’re from... And why
dialog: you're occupying a place at Harvard
dialog: that could have gone to a man.
text: As Griswold sits, Ruth is disquieted. She and the other women
text: exchange anxious glances. Harriet singles out the closest:
scene_heading: HARRIET GRISWOLD
dialog: Why don’t you get us started, dear?
text: One of Ruth’s CLASSMATES rises. White knuckling her chair:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CLASSMATE
dialog: I’m Hennie Callaghan. Father’s a
dialog: lawyer back in Minneapolis. He used
dialog: to give me drafts of contracts to
dialog: use for drawing paper. At some
dialog: point, I got more interested in
text: reading them than drawing on them.
dialog: In a few years, it’s going to be
text: Callaghan and Callaghan.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: That was fine. Next?
text: EMILY’s turn. She rises.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Emily Hicks. Hello. Connecticut.
dialog: When I finished Mt. Holyoke, my
dialog: mother wanted me to get married.
dialog: But I didn’t want to do THAT. And I
dialog: didn’t want to be a teacher or a
dialog: nurse. So when I--
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Ha. That’s not a very good reason.
text: Ruth watches Emily slump into her seat -- mortified. All eyes
text: land on Ruth. Including Griswold’s. She stands...
text: And knocks over the Young Professor’s ash tray. It lands with
text: a heavy thud. Ruth stares at the ash and butts on the rug...
text: When she looks up -- she eyes them all. The anxious women.
text: The men watching her. Emily controlling her frustration.
text: Griswold is waiting...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’m Ruth Ginsburg, from Brooklyn.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: And why are you here Miss Ginsburg?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Mrs. Ginsburg, actually. My husband
text: Marty is in the second-year class.
dialog: aenee I’m at Harvard to learn about
dialog: his work. So I can be a more
dialog: patient and understanding wife.
text: Emily laughs. Several others gasp. And on Griswold’s face is
dialog: plain dislike.
text: OFF RUTH: Seeing it.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG HARVARD APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Ruth. Home from dinner. Rubbing her sore feet.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Come to dinner. The beans will be
text: boiled. The chicken will be stewed.
dialog: And you will be grilled. ... We
dialog: came to Harvard to be lawyers. Why
dialog: else?
text: Martin, in an undershirt, climbs off the bed.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It was an asinine question.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I couldn't just ignore it! But the
dialog: way he looked at me. Now he’1l
dialog: never take me seriously.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You're smarter than everyone here.
dialog: You'll be better prepared. Just
dialog: stand up and say what you know. In
dialog: this place, that’s all the matters.
text: She turns her back: Unzip me.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: In my experience even small
dialog: mistakes are glaring when you stick
dialog: out.
text: The dress falls to the floor. And he turns her around...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Then you’re lucky. Because you’re
dialog: very short.
text: She laughs. Despite herself.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Oh, yeah? Why don’t you come down
dialog: here and say that to my face?
text: She pulls him into a kiss. Flirty. Fun... He lifts her.
text: buries her face in his neck, as they fall onto the bed.
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL - DAY
dialog: She
text: The grand room is laid out like a Roman theater. Portraits of
text: alumni stare down: Holmes, Brandeis, Frankfurter...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
text: Ruth sits in the first row. Surrounded by men. A textbook on
dialog: the desk: Introduction to Contracts.
text: At nine-thirty precisely, PROF. ERNEST BROWN (50) enters. And
text: begins lecturing.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I’m Professor Brown. This is
dialog: Introduction to Contracts. Hawkins
dialog: versus McGee.
text: Ruth’s hand flies up. Along with several others. Brown eyes
text: one student not raising his hand -- and finds him on a huge
text: seating chart with passport-size photos...
speaker_heading: BROWN (CONT'D)
dialog: State the case please, Mr. Pruitt.
text: PRUITT adjusts his tie as he rises.
speaker_heading: PRUITT
dialog: Uh, good morning. I’m Donald
dialog: Pruitt. I’m really honored to be
dialog: here with--
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Hawkins v McGee.
text: As Pruitt flips through his textbook:
speaker_heading: PRUITT
dialog: Hawkins v McGee. It’s uh-- a
dialog: fascinating breach-of-contract case
dialog: that--
dialog: (found it)
dialog: Oh, right! Charles Hawkins hurt his
dialog: hand. And McGee--
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Can someone help him, please?
text: As Pruitt deflates into his seat, a smug classmate,
text: FITZPATRICK, sees Ruth’s hand go up first. He raises his as
text: well. Brown looks at Ruth. Checks his seating chart...
speaker_heading: BROWN (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes? ... Mr. Fitzpatrick.
text: Fitzpatrick rises, giving Ruth a look...
speaker_heading: FITZPATRICK
dialog: It was Charles’s son who hurt his
dialog: hand. ... Electrocution burn.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: And on what point does the case
dialog: turn, Mr. Fitzpatrick?
speaker_heading: FITZPATRICK
dialog: McGee promised to fix the hand...
text: Ruth frowns. She knows Fitzpatrick’s not quite right. But
text: notices that no one else seems bothered by it.
speaker_heading: FITZPATRICK (CONT’D)
dialog: .--by performing a skin graft. But
dialog: McGee wasn’t very familiar with the
dialog: procedure. And the results weren’t
dialog: quite what he’d planned.
text: Ruth can’t let it lie. She decides to raise her hand.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: A question already, Mrs. Ginsburg?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (rising)
dialog: A correction, Professor Brown.
dialog: McGee did not simply promise to fix
dialog: George Hawkins’s hand. He promised,
dialog: quote: a one hundred-percent good
dialog: hand.
text: Pruitt flips pages in his textbook, trying to catch up.
speaker_heading: FITZPATRICK
dialog: That's the same thing.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Is it? What say you, Mrs. Ginsburg?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It is not. Words matter. McGee
text: grafted skin from Hawkins’s chest.
dialog: Not only did this fail to fix the
text: scarring, he had chest hair growing
text: on his palm.
speaker_heading: FITZPATRICK
text: Proving that a hand with a burn is
text: worth two with a bush.
text: LAUGHTER FROM THE CLASS.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: The Court denied Hawkins damages--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: FITZPATRICK
dialog: Hawkins did get damages! The court
dialog: said he could keep up to five
dialog: hundred dollars--
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: If I may finish: Hawkins was denied
dialog: damages for pain and suffering.
dialog: (as Fitzpatrick sits)
dialog: The New Hampshire Supreme Court
dialog: ruled he was entitled to damages
dialog: only based on the expected result
dialog: of the contract being fulfilled.
text: Brown, sliding down his reading glasses, measures up Ruth
text: over the frames. Pruitt, still flipping pages, is frantic.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: So if Dr. McGee had set realistic
dialog: expectations, instead of making
dialog: grand promises, Hawkins’s award
dialog: likely would have been less.
text: A pair of men share a glance: “Ball-buster."” Pruitt gives up.
text: Ruth has silenced the room.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Was that an answer, Mrs. Ginsburg,
dialog: or a filibuster?
text: As the class laughs, Ruth sits. Holding steady.
scene_heading: INT. HARVARD STUDENT UNION - DAY
text: Couches and endless book shelves. Warm light through the
text: windows. Students study, read, and hang out. AND IN ONE NOOK:
text: Emily is on a couch with another female FRIEND (20s). Martin
text: and TWO OTHER GUYS (20s) are on another. Beers all around.
text: Ruth stands before them... THEY’RE PLAYING CHARADES:
speaker_heading: EMILY & FRIEND
dialog: Movie... Four words... Second word.
text: Ruth takes a swig of her beer. Then holds up seven fingers.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Seven.
speaker_heading: EMILY & FRIEND
dialog: Fourth word.
text: Ruth thinks a beat... then starts scratching. The Men LAUGH.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Ape! Gorilla!
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Monkey!
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Monkey Business!
text: Ruth waves them off. Builds her courage -- despite the
text: passing gawkers... And does her best Marilyn Monroe. Posing.
text: Back arched. Butt out.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Monkey on my back!
text: THE MEN LAUGH MORE. Martin laughs so hard his stomach hurts.
text: As Ruth reminds them: Second word. Seven.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Seven Brides for Seven Brothers.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: What’s that have to do with
dialog: monkeys?
speaker_heading: GUY 1
dialog: (eye on his watch)
dialog: Annnnnd....
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Oh! Oh! Oh!
speaker_heading: GUY 1 EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Time! The Seven Year Itch!
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes!
text: As Martin gets up and kisses her:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Ruthless Ruthy strikes again!
text: She jabs him in the gut playfully with an elbow.
speaker_heading: GUY 1
dialog: Okay. Next round is riding on you.
text: As Martin picks his clue from a hat:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Don’t worry. He’s very good.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And she dumped a guy once for being
dialog: bad at charades.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: You didn’t really?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It was a manifestation... of his
dialog: being an idiot.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: (to Guy 2)
dialog: Don’t worry. I’m comfortable being
dialog: smarter than you.
speaker_heading: GUY 2
dialog: Oh, thank you.
text: LAUGHTER ALL AROUND.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Everyone ready? And... Go!
text: Martin begins.
speaker_heading: GUYS 1 & 2
text: A song.
text: Martin curls his lip, shakes his arms, and gyrates his hips.
text: They enjoy his spot-on impression -- especially Ruth.
speaker_heading: GUY 1
dialog: By Elvis.
speaker_heading: GUYS 1 & 2
dialog: Three words. ... First word.
text: He points to a blue pillow:
speaker_heading: GUY 1
dialog: Pillow! Chair!
speaker_heading: GUY 2
dialog: Blue! Blueberry Hill!
speaker_heading: GUY 1
dialog: That’s Fats Domino.
speaker_heading: GUY 2
dialog: Third word.
text: Pointing to his feet, Martin does a bit of fancy footwork...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Nice moves!
text: Martin winces, clutching his belly. And cries out.
speaker_heading: EMILY GUY 1
dialog: No sound effects! Blue Suede Shoes!
scene_heading: MARTIN BUCKLES -- AS HE FALLS TO THE FLOOR:
speaker_heading: GUY 2
dialog: Marty, you’re a lightweight.
text: Ruth knows something’s wrong. She runs to Martin. Going to
text: her knees. Cradling him...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Marty? ... Marty!
text: Martin’s looking up at her. Pain written on his face.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: He needs help. Somebody help!
text: As Ruth’s world slows and the sound fades:
speaker_heading: GUY 1
dialog: Someone call an ambulance!
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Marty. I’m right here. I have you.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Hard floors and harder chairs. Ruth sits alone...
speaker_heading: TIME CUTS:
text: It’s crowded. Ruth tries not to watch the other
text: worrying families. A man soothes his wife...
text: Fewer people waiting. Ruth still waiting. A mother reprimands
text: her son in harsh whispers...
text: Fewer still. Ruth still waiting. The misbehaving boy is
text: asleep on his mother’s lap...
text: The sky is lightening out the window. The few people left are
text: sleeping. Except Ruth. Still up. Still waiting.
text: She gets up...
dialog: 14
scene_heading: INT. NURSES’ STATION / CORRIDOR - EARLY MORNING
text: Ruth approaches and tries to get the attention of TWO NURSES -—
dialog: - talking among themselves:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Excuse me. Excuse me? I’d like to
dialog: see the doctor who--
text: One gestures for her to wait.
text: She does for a frustrated beat. Then notices AN EMERGENCY
text: ROOM DOCTOR (30) DOWN THE HALL. Ruth pursues him...
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Doctor? ... Doctor?
text: He turns with a look that says, “I don’t have time for this.”
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ROOM DOCTOR
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You examined my husband. I’m
dialog: wondering when you think he’1l be
dialog: able to leave. I need to call the
dialog: sitter.
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ROOM DOCTOR
dialog: What’s the patient’s name?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Ginsburg. Martin.
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ROOM DOCTOR
dialog: Right. Ginsburg... He’s not going
dialog: home tonight.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Excuse me?
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ROOM DOCTOR
dialog: We have more tests to run.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What kind of tests?
text: Her voice stops him in his tracks.
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ROOM DOCTOR
dialog: Various kinds. He’s gonna be with
dialog: us a while.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What tests are you running on my
dialog: husband?
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ROOM DOCTOR
text: There was a shadow on his X-ray
dialog: that--
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What kind of shadow?! I need to see
dialog: him!
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ROOM DOCTOR
dialog: Mrs. Ginsburg. You're getting
dialog: yourself worked up. Go home. Get
dialog: some rest. We’ll know more in a few
dialog: days. ..... If you’ll excuse me.
text: He leaves her. In the busy hallway. Uncertain and scared...
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG HARVARD APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Ruth enters. The sound of the door wakes up Emily, on the
text: couch. Still in the same dress as during charades.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Thank you so much.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Ruth. Of course. Jane was a doll.
text: She's blissfully asleep. .... How
dialog: is he?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Fine. I’m sure he'll be fine.
text: Emily hesitates to believe her. Then gives her a long hug.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Call any time. Okay?
text: She leaves Ruth. ... Alone. And painfully aware of it.
text: Ruth turns on the record player, lifts the needle. AND STOPS.
text: Her gaze shifts to the collection of FAMILY PHOTOS on the
text: credenza beside the record player. TO HER MOTHER. Posing with
text: young Ruth. Supportive. Uncompromising. Strong. Wearing the
text: same sunburst pin Ruth wore in the opening scene.
dialog: 
text: Ruth lowers the needle at last. Static gives way to SOFT
text: OPERA. A breath. Then Ruth walks DOWN THE EMPTY HALL...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 16
text: TO JANE’S BEDROOM. As the girl sleeps, Ruth watches her.
text: Keeping her fear and doubt at bay.
text: ENTERING HER AND MARTIN'S BEDROOM, she collapses atop the
text: covers. And curls up alone...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY - DAYS LATER
text: Bright. Antiseptic. A TICKING CLOCK. Martin is hooked up to a
text: glass IV. Reading a textbook in bed. In a chair beside him,
text: Ruth has a law book as well. But she’s watching him. Waiting.
text: Her gaze shifts -- to an empty hospital food tray...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: At least you got a break from my
dialog: cooking.
text: He looks to her. And they laugh -- nervously.
text: DOCTOR WYLAND LEADBETTER (50) enters. Clean-shaven, in a bow-
text: tie, vest and white coat, full of genial self-confidence.
scene_heading: DR. LEADBETTER
dialog: Good afternoon.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Dr. Leadbetter.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hey, Doc.
text: As he pulls up a chair, he glances at Martin's textbook:
scene_heading: DR. LEADBETTER
dialog: Fundamental Principles of Corporate
dialog: Taxation: Addressing the Challenges
dialog: of Today’s Regulatory Environment.
dialog: I thought medical books were dry.
text: He sits. And prepares himself to deliver the news...
speaker_heading: DR. LEADBETTER (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s as we feared.
text: Ruth and Martin take the blow.
speaker_heading: DR. LEADBETTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Marty you’re young, and we caught
dialog: it early. We’ve pioneered a
dialog: treatment here.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: DR. LEADBETTER (CONT’D)
dialog: It entails multiple surgeries, each
text: followed by a course of radiation.
dialog: It’'s-- well, it’s unpleasant, but--
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: On top of the pain of surgery, the
dialog: radiation will leave you exhausted,
text: nauseous. Prone to infection.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (off Leadbetter’s look)
dialog: Her mother died of cervical cancer.
scene_heading: DR. LEADBETTER
dialog: With the new treatment, there’s a
dialog: chance you could go on to live a
dialog: healthy, normal life -- as if this
dialog: never happened.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What kind of “a chance”?
dialog: (off his hesitation)
dialog: Dr. Leadbetter, we’d rather know
dialog: what we're facing.
scene_heading: DR. LEADBETTER
dialog: The survival rate for testicular
dialog: cancer has been about five percent.
text: It hangs there for a beat...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Thank you for the honesty. I think.
scene_heading: DR. LEADBETTER
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: I’1l let you two talk.
text: In the wreckage of his wake: a heavy silence...
text: Martin tries to make sense of it. Ruth stifles her tears.
text: They can’t even look at each other...
text: Until Ruth takes Martin’s hand. Pulling him back into the
text: present. They watch one another a beat...
text: She rises. And sits on the bed beside him. Their eyes locked.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 18
text: Slowly she lies next to him. They hold each other. Watching
text: one another. The clear path of their future lost in a haze...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: We’re never giving up. Keep
dialog: working. Keep studying. Jane will
dialog: have her father. And you will be a
dialog: lawyer. I am spending my life with
dialog: you, Martin Ginsburg.
scene_heading: EXT. HARVARD CAMPUS — DAY
text: Bare trees. Snow flurries. ... Ruth rushes through. She’s
text: running late.
speaker_heading: FREUND (V.O.)
dialog: Judicial consistency...
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL TWO - DAY
text: PROFESSOR FREUND (48), black hair, broad, lectures before a
text: full class. His voice resonant:
speaker_heading: FREUND
dialog: The doctrine of stare decisis comes
dialog: from English Common Law...
text: The door CREAKS. And Ruth enters. As Freund continues
text: lecturing, he watches her find a seat in back.
speaker_heading: FREUND (CONT'D)
dialog: Which also provides the first
dialog: examples of circumstances where
dialog: precedents may be overturned.
dialog: Judges are bound... Excuse me. May
dialog: I help you?
text: She rises tentatively.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’m Martin Ginsburg’s wife. I’1l be
dialog: attending his classes for him.
text: Freund seems surprised by it. His students are impressed.
speaker_heading: FREUND
dialog: In addition to your own?
text: The look in her eye leaves no room for negotiation. Freund is
text: moved. He resumes his lecture without further objection...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: FREUND (CONT'D)
dialog: Judges are bound by precedent. But
dialog: cannot ignore cultural change.
text: Ruth sits and begins taking notes.
speaker_heading: FREUND (CONT'D)
dialog: A Court ought not be affected by
dialog: the weather of the day, but will be
dialog: by the climate of the era.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Wait. Wait. Say that again...
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG HARVARD APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: AT THE KITCHEN TABLE: Ruth sits before a typewriter. From her
text: vantage point, through the opening between rooms, she can
text: only see half of Martin -- LYING ON THE LIVING ROOM COUCH.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (reading her notes aloud)
dialog: A Court ought not be affected by
dialog: the weather of the day, but will be
dialog: by the climate of the era.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You’re sure that’s what he said?
text: She leans to the side to give him a look that says “Are you
text: kidding?” His chalky skin is blotched in sweat.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Of course.
text: He closes his eyes and catches his breath.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: The law is never finished. It is a
dialog: work in progress. And ever will be.
text: As he dictates, Ruth types...
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Brown v Board of Education,
dialog: parenthesis 1954, was the most
dialog: revolutionary Supreme Court case of
dialog: the last century...
text: WAAAAH! Somewhere in the apartment, JANE CRIES. Ruth types
text: the last few letters as she rises...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 20
text: Martin continues, AS SHE PASSES HIM:
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
text: Representing Oliver Brown, et. al.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’m not listening.
text: SHE HEADS FOR JANE’S ROOM, but Martin’s on a roll:
speaker_heading: MARTIN (0.S.)
dialog: Thurgood Marshall educated the
dialog: Court about the burdens created by
dialog: segregation--
text: IN JANE’S ROOM, the crying drowns Martin out.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Sweetheart. What’s wrong?
text: Ruth scoops her up. And her cries fade to a whimper. Ruth
text: takes Jane with her back to THE LIVING ROOM... en route to
scene_heading: THE KITCHEN:
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. Brown v. Board of Ed. Go.
text: Silence. It stops her. Clutching Jane, she turns to find
text: Martin still as stone. She approaches him...
text: Martin’s asleep. His breathing shallow. Jane still in her
text: arms, Ruth returns to THE KITCHEN.
text: She takes a sip of coffee. Then removes the page from the
text: typewriter, stacks it with others, and puts them all into a
dialog: folder -- labelled “Martin.”
text: She opens another folder: “Ruth.” Loads a half-typed page
text: into the machine. And resumes her work in the quiet dark....
speaker_heading: RUTH (V.O.)
dialog: One... Two...
scene_heading: EXT. HARVARD CAMPUS - AUSTIN HALL - DAY - 18 MONTHS LATER 16
text: Campus is in bloom. Ruth and Martin walk with Jane (3 now)
text: holding both their hands and swinging between them....
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: ...Threeeeee!
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Again! Again!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (reading Martin’s look)
dialog: Daddy needs a rest, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Okay.
text: When she runs ahead, Martin watches her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: One day that little angel is going
dialog: to slam a door in our faces and
dialog: tell us we're ruining her life.
text: Ruth appreciates the observation.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I shouldn’t have taken the job.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It’s a great firm. And New York is
dialog: the center of the legal universe.
dialog: You've earned it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You earned it. I just survived. I
dialog: don’t want be apart from either of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You won't be. I won’t allow it. ...
dialog: I’1l convince him.
scene_heading: INT. DEAN GRISWOLD’S OFFICE - DAY
text: A room with history. Daunting. Regal. Griswold sits at his
text: desk. Ruth, tiny in an oversized chair, looks him in the eye.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: You want a Harvard degree, though
dialog: you plan to finish your coursework
dialog: at... Columbia? You would be well
dialog: served to remember, Mrs. Ginsburg,
dialog: how fortunate you are to be here.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Dean Griswold, between the first
dialog: and third year of law school, which
dialog: is the more substantive? The more
dialog: critical?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: The first. Of course.
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: Yet when someone transfers in as a
dialog: second-year student -- having taken
dialog: those more important classes
dialog: elsewhere -- he’s allowed a degree.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: That ’s--
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’ve been here two years. I’m first
dialog: in my class.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: There is no reason why your husband
dialog: cannot provide for you while you
text: and the child remain in Boston.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Last year, John Sumner was allowed
dialog: to finish his coursework in
dialog: Baltimore. Three years ago, Roy
dialog: Paxton-—-
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Very different cases.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: How are they differ--
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Mrs. Ginsburg. You have no
dialog: compelling need to transfer.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Marty could relapse! The doctors
dialog: say at any time. He puts a good
text: face on it, but I can see it. He’s
dialog: scared. Dean Griswold, this is my
dialog: family.
text: Griswold is sympathetic for a beat...
speaker_heading: OFF RUTH:
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Nonetheless. We each have our
dialog: responsibilities. And mine is to
dialog: protect the distinction of a
dialog: Harvard degree. I can’t force you
dialog: to stay. But I won’t reward you for
dialog: leaving, either.
dialog: The argument lost.
dialog: 23
scene_heading: EXT. HARVARD CAMPUS - AUSTIN HALL - LATER
text: Ruth. Bearing her disappointment. Comes out of the building.
text: For a beat, she watches Martin and Jane playing tag among the
text: trees. Until Martin stops to catch his breath. And notices
text: her. Smiling, he waves.
text: Ruth forces a smile. And waves back.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. GINSBURG APARTMENT (1959) - DAY
text: A brownstone on a quiet side street. Ruth comes out in smart
text: suit. Determined and bold.
text: She heads down the street. And around the corner. REVEALING:
text: NEW YORK, NY -- in autumnal red and gold. Vibrant, bustling,
text: and alive.
speaker_heading: SUPER: 1959
scene_heading: E/I. MIDTOWN OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Ruth goes through a revolving door into an impressive LOBBY.
text: She enters an elevator full of men in suits.
speaker_heading: GREENE (V.O.)
dialog: Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
scene_heading: INT. GREENE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: GREENE (45), a big man, a street-wise lawyer, is reading
text: Ruth’s resume. SOUNDS OF CONSTRUCTION outside.
speaker_heading: GREENE
dialog: Graduating top of your class. Law
dialog: Review at Harvard AND COLUMBIA?! I
dialog: didn’t even know that was possible.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Greene. I’ve worked
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: GREENE
dialog: You want some white-shoe firm. Big-
dialog: money cases, complex legal
dialog: maneuvers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No, I think Bibler and Greene would
dialog: be a perfect fit. You handled the
dialog: Mercer bankruptcy last year, and--
speaker_heading: GREENE
dialog: C’mon. How many have you been to?
text: With a look, she deflects.
speaker_heading: GREENE (CONT'D)
dialog: They all turned you down right? How
dialog: many? Ten?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Twelve.
speaker_heading: GREENE
text: A woman. A mother. A Jew, to boot.
dialog: I'm impressed that many let you
text: through the door.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: One sent me to interview for the
dialog: Secretarial Pool.
speaker_heading: GREENE
dialog: Hal
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Another told me I’d be too busy at
dialog: bake sales to be effective. One
dialog: partner closes clients in the
dialog: locker room at his club -- so he
dialog: said I'd be out of the loop. Last
dialog: week I was told women are too
dialog: emotional to be lawyers. Then, that
dialog: same afternoon, that a woman
dialog: graduating top of her class must be
dialog: “a real ball-buster,” and wouldn’t
dialog: make a good colleague. I was asked
dialog: when I’d have my next baby, and
dialog: whether I keep Shabbat. One
dialog: interviewer told me I have a
dialog: sterling resume, but they hired a
dialog: woman last year, and what in the
dialog: world would they want with two of
dialog: us?
text: Unburdened, she lets out her breath. And grows embarrassed.
text: Greene’s sardonic chuckle says he gets it:
speaker_heading: GREENE
dialog: You must be livid.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 25
dialog: She is.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: My mother taught me not to give way
dialog: to emotions.
speaker_heading: GREENE
dialog: Bull shit! You’re angry. Good! Use
dialog: it. I have to say, Mrs. Ginsburg,
dialog: I'm impressed.
text: A glimmer of hope. Ruth grabs for it...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Mr. Greene. I want to be a lawyer.
dialog: I want to represent clients before
text: the court in pursuit of justice.
dialog: (re: her resume)
dialog: You can see I worked hard through
dialog: school. I did everything I was
dialog: supposed to, and I excelled. I
dialog: swear it: I’1l do the same for you.
text: Greene takes a moment to think... As he does, his gaze drifts
text: over the contours of her body. Ruth tenses.
speaker_heading: GREENE
dialog: Thing is... We’re a close-knit
dialog: firm. Almost like family. And well--
text: the wives, they get jealous.
text: Ruth stares him down. Fighting her building fury.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY STREETS - DAY
text: Ruth back on the street. Stunned...
text: She slows. Almost to a stop. Diminished...
text: New York continues its perpetual movement around her without
dialog: notice.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT (1959) - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: It’s mostly the same furniture, art and books -- moved to a
text: new city. One addition: an original opera poster from Rome.
text: Ruth is on the couch with Jane (4 now) in her lap. They’re
text: reading the Marcia Brown illustrated edition of CINDERELLA...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: The prince would marry her whose
dialog: foot would fit the little slipper.
dialog: First they tried it on the--
text: They hear the FRONT DOOR OPEN. As Martin finds them:
speaker_heading: MARTIN (0.S.)
dialog: Ruth? Kiki?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Daddy!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (sweeping her up)
dialog: Hi sweetie.
text: He notes a bottle of champagne on ice near the couch.
dialog: He kisses
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You got the job! Are they giving
dialog: you a corner office, or will they
dialog: make you jump through hoops first?
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It’s not at Bibler and Greene. I
dialog: wasn’t what they were looking for.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don’t-- Then what’s the firm?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Clyde Ferguson left his
dialog: professorship at Rutgers.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Kiki.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: They haven’t found another black
dialog: man to replace him, so someone
dialog: decided a woman would be the next-
dialog: best thing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: There are more firms. You can’t
dialog: give up. This is the biggest city
dialog: in the most litigious country in
dialog: the history of the world. You can
dialog: still--
text: She shuts him up with a kiss.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Marty. I got a job. Open the
dialog: champagne.
text: For a beat, he searches her face...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay. Okay! Let’s celebrate.
text: As he opens the bottle:
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Y'know what? I think this is
dialog: better. I do.
text: Ruth puts on a record. THE MARRIAGE OF FIGARO OVERTURE
text: begins.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You won't be beholden to a firm.
dialog: There won’t be partners breathing
dialog: down your neck. A professor can
dialog: represent any client she wants.
text: POP! ... The bottle open, he pours.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: So long as they don’t mind a lawyer
dialog: who’s never actually practiced law.
dialog: (re: champagne)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (a toast)
dialog: Hooray for Mommy!
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hooray for Mommy!
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: ... Hooray for Mommy.
text: She takes a drink.
speaker_heading: BLACK.
text: HEAR: SCREAMING. CURSING. A MASS OF FURY...
scene_heading: EXT. RUTGERS UNIVERSITY - NEWARK CAMPUS - ACKERSON HALL - DAY
text: Early fall. STUDENT PROTESTORS (20s) throng the urban
text: boulevards around the MAIN PLAZA STEPS -- across the street
text: from Rutger’s Law School. Seething. Screaming.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 28
text: And scorched by late-summer heat. They wave placards:
dialog: ‘Impeach Nixon’; ‘End the War’.
text: They’re surrounded by A CORDON OF CAMPUS POLICE
speaker_heading: OFFICERS.
speaker_heading: SUPER: 1970
text: ON THE STEPS: students hoist enlarged photos of the KENT
text: STATE MASSACRE. A PROTEST LEADER has a microphone:
speaker_heading: PROTEST LEADER
dialog: Blood flowed at Kent State. Those
text: Guardsmen shot blindly into the
dialog: crowd. And for what? Was anyone
dialog: armed?
scene_heading: STUDENT PROTESTORS
dialog: No!
text: Professor Ruth Bader Ginsburg (36 now) approaches the throng.
dialog: This isn’t “Occupy” anything. It’s Tahrir Square...
speaker_heading: PROTEST LEADER
dialog: No! They murdered them. Murdered
dialog: them for protesting Nixon’s illegal
text: and immoral and grotesque war in
dialog: Vietnam.
text: Ruth wedges her way INTO THE CROWD: Student-Protestors all
text: around. Taller than her. Men, women, white, black. SCREAMING
text: WITH RAGE. She sees The Protest Leader over their shoulders:
speaker_heading: PROTEST LEADER (CONT'D)
dialog: And now-- Now we’re told there will
dialog: be NO PROSECUTIONS! Are we gonna
dialog: stand for it?
scene_heading: STUDENT PROTESTORS
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: PROTEST LEADER
dialog: Are we gonna die in Vietnam?
scene_heading: STUDENT PROTESTORS
dialog: Hell no! We won’t go! Hell no! We
dialog: won’t go!
text: As Ruth pushes toward ACKERSON HALL: Campus Police hold the
text: Students back with billy clubs. She’s jostled. And ignored.
dialog: 29
scene_heading: INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - LATER
text: Narrow windows, drop-ceiling, linoleum floor. It’s worlds
dialog: away from Harvard...
text: As Ruth enters, the students find their seats. And watch her
text: arrange syllabi and lecture notes from her bag in neat piles.
text: At last she looks them over. An uncomfortable silence...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I'm Professor Ginsburg. This is Sex
dialog: Discrimination and the Law. ...
dialog: Some of my colleagues will tell you
dialog: that sex discrimination doesn't
dialog: exist. I may as well be teaching
dialog: the legal rights of gnomes and
dialog: fairies. Let’s see if they’re
dialog: right. ...... Hoyt versus Florida.
dialog: State the facts please, Miss...
dialog: (checking a class list)
text: Valentin.
text: VALENTIN, an Hispanic, blue-collar Jersey Girl, rises.
speaker_heading: VALENTIN
dialog: Gwendolyn Hoyt was a housewife. And
dialog: her husband was this real asshole.
text: The class CHUCKLES.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Can you recall the specifics?
speaker_heading: VALENTIN
text: He cheated on her. He choked her.
text: He'd rip off her clothes and
text: threaten to kill her.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: So in statutory terms... he was a
dialog: real asshole.
text: WHEN THE STUDENTS LAUGH, Ruth seems almost embarrassed by it.
text: But the room relaxes. Including Ruth.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: On the night in question, Clarence
dialog: told his wife he had met another
dialog: woman, and he was leaving. How did
dialog: Hoyt respond, Miss... Burton?
text: IN THE BACK: BURTON rises.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: BURTON
text: She smashed in his skull with a
dialog: baseball bat. Then called an
text: ambulance, while he was dying.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: A jury convicted Hoyt of second-
dialog: degree murder. And that’s where our
text: story begins. A great civil rights
dialog: lawyer took up Hoyt’s appeal.
dialog: Dorothy Kenyon.
text: Ruth writes her name on the board. The students take notes.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: On what grounds, Miss... Roemer?
text: ROEMER, an Angela Davis-type, rises.
speaker_heading: ROEMER
dialog: That Florida’s juries violated the
dialog: U.S. Constitution, ‘cause there
dialog: were only men on them. Kenyon said
dialog: a jury with women on it may have
dialog: convicted Hoyt of a lesser crime,
text: like manslaughter.
text: BENNETT, a male student, calls out:
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: That law makes sense though. Women
dialog: can't take care of their kids, if
text: they’re on some sequestered jury.
text: WHOA! It doesn’t go over well with the women in the room.
speaker_heading: FEMALE STUDENTS
dialog: Excuse me? Are you kidding? (etc.)
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: What? Men are the mammoth hunters.
speaker_heading: BURTON
dialog: You're never getting laid again.
speaker_heading: VALENTIN
dialog: What about women who don’t have
dialog: children?
speaker_heading: BURTON
dialog: Yeah. Or they’re out of the house.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: ROEMER
dialog: Let the man stay home and take care
dialog: of his children. We got work to do.
text: The women HOOT AND HOLLER.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Hey, hey, hey! Don’t take it out on
dialog: me. I’m not holding my fiance back.
dialog: She has TWO jobs.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Which she can be fired from just
dialog: for marrying you. The law allows
dialog: it.
text: That quiets him. And the room.
dialog: The class
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: There are laws that say women can’t
dialog: work overtime. A woman’s social
dialog: security benefits, unlike her
dialog: husband's, don’t provide for her
dialog: family after death...
dialog: is furious:
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: What? ... That’s bullshit. (etc.)
speaker_heading: BURTON
dialog: We need to do something.
text: Ruth is thrilled by their passionate response. They recognize
text: she’s waiting and shush one another...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Ten years ago, Dorothy Kenyon asked
dialog: a question: if the law
dialog: differentiates between people on
dialog: the basis of sex, then how will
dialog: women and men ever become equals?
dialog: And the Supreme Court answered. ...
text: They won’t. Hoyt lost her appeal.
dialog: The decision was unanimous:
dialog: discrimination on the basis of sex
dialog: is legal.
dialog: 32
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT (1970) - DAY
text: They've come up in the world. The apartment is spacious, with
text: city views and a balcony. The furniture is contemporary. The
text: artwork, original. The Roman Opera poster is still prevalent
text: on a wall. An ARIA plays on the radio.
text: JANE is stirring blanquette de veau simmering in a pot on the
text: stove. She’s 15. Pretty, blonde, in a private school uniform.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Daddy, that’s not how you do it. If
dialog: you put the herbs in too early they
dialog: lose all their punch.
text: Martin (37 now, in a French apron) is chopping celery, thyme
text: & rosemary with a chef’s speed and precision.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: The flavors are meant to compliment
text: one another. Not pummel each other.
text: As he adds his work to the pot and covers it:
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: That's why it’s called marrying
dialog: them.
text: HEAR: THE FRONT DOOR OPEN AND CLOSE. Then...
speaker_heading: JAMES (0.S.)
dialog: We're home!
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Speaking of which...
text: James bursts in...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Daddy!
text: Martin scoops him up -- matching his tone:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: James!
text: Ruth enters and kisses Martin.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Hi.
dialog: (change in tone)
dialog: Jane.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hey, mom.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So? How is this year’s class?
text: As she gets a spoon to taste the stew:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: These kids are so passionate. To
dialog: them it’s about more than
dialog: precedents and dissents. They want
dialog: to forge a movement.
dialog: (re: the stew)
dialog: Mmm. This is delicious.
text: As he does, Jane tries to make her exit.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold on Jane. We need to have a
dialog: talk. I got a call from her school
dialog: today. Apparently I mis-dated a
dialog: note excusing you from classes last
dialog: week?
text: Martin is flipping through the Advance Sheets...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It’s not a big deal.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh, well, problem solved then.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You skipped school. It’s the first
dialog: week. Is this what this year’s
dialog: going to be like? You lied to--
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I never lied.
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: Forging a note IS lying, Jane.
dialog: You’re smart enough to know that.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: Apparently I’m not, Mom.
text: As Ruth follows Jane out...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don’t forget we have the party
dialog: tonight.
text: James, thrilled by the action, tries to follow Ruth out.
text: Martin grabs him by the back of his shirt.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no. Not you.
text: IN THE LIVING ROOM: Ruth pursues Jane across the apartment.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Jane. ... Jane, stop.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I apologize, okay?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I want to know where you were.
text: Jane turns back on her.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Denise and I went to a rally to
dialog: hear Gloria Steinem speak.
text: Ruth looks at her: You did WHAT?
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: (“obviously”)
dialog: She's a writer. She’s starting her
dialog: own magazine. She just testified in
dialog: the Senate about--
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I know who Gloria Steinem is. What
dialog: if you got hurt? Or arrested.
speaker_heading: JANE
text: It was just a rally. Not a riot.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Those things can get out of hand.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'm fifteen years old. You don’t
dialog: have to control every minute of--
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes. I do. That’s my job. Your job
dialog: is to go to school and learn.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Gloria says we need to un-learn the
dialog: status quo.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You’re on a first name basis now?
text: Jane sees Martin coming from the kitchen.
dialog: For Ruth,
dialog: OFF: Ruth.
scene_heading: INT. WEIL,
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: ...You know what, Mom? You may be
dialog: satisfied sitting around with your
dialog: students talking about how shitty
dialog: it is to be a girl--
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hey, language.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: But don’t pretend it’s a movement.
dialog: It’s not a movement if everyone’s
dialog: sitting. That’s a support group.
text: it stings. Martin sees it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Jane that’s enough.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: We should get going.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yeah. Go make yourself pretty for
dialog: Daddy's party.
scene_heading: GOTSHAL & MANGES RECEPTION AREA - NIGHT
text: Mahogany and marble, the firm’s name in brass. PARTNERS (50s
text: +), ASSOCIATES (30s) and INTERNS (20s) mingling. All men.
text: NEAR THE BUFFET: Martin stands out in his short-sleeved,
text: collared shir
dialog: 
text: . He’s surrounded by a group of eager Interns.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It is well known. Tax is the only
dialog: genuinely funny area of the law.
speaker_heading: INTERN 1
dialog: I think most of us just want
dialog: careers that have more... impact.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 36
text: Martin glances across the room: THE WIVES are segregated in a
text: corner... But he notes that Ruth is NOT among them. As he
text: regales the Interns, he continues to scan the room...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Do you know that in Sweden, young
dialog: people often don’t get married?
text: The Interns chuckle. Nervously. Unsure what to say.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s true. They get engaged. Live
dialog: together. Raise families. But they
dialog: don’t marry. You want to know why?
speaker_heading: INTERN 1
dialog: They can have sex without it?
text: The Interns laugh. Not Martin. .... As he finally finds Ruth:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Because of taxes.
text: IN A CORNER: Alone. Ruth sips a glass of wine, inspecting a
text: framed, modernist painting. Until her gaze lands on Martin.
text: Watching her while he talks. She smiles at him.
text: BACK BY THE BUFFET: Martin continues his lesson. Tipping his
text: head, he cracks a smile.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: After the war, Sweden decided
dialog: married couples should file joint
dialog: tax returns. But unlike the United
dialog: States, they didn’t give the
dialog: couples a benefit. Married Swedes
dialog: found themselves in much higher tax
dialog: brackets. So, they got divorced.
dialog: He knows he’s got them hooked.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘Course they kept living together.
text: NEARBY: TOM MALLER (55, Senior Partner and Martin’s boss)
text: approaches the buffet and, as he fills a plate, is drawn into
dialog: Martin’s story.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: So the government passed a new law.
dialog: If a couple got divorced, but
dialog: continued living together -- then
dialog: for tax purposes they’d still be
dialog: considered married. ...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: People did what anyone would. Added
text: a second entrance to their homes
text: and a wall down the middle. With a
dialog: door for easy access.
text: The Interns laugh. Tom Maller smiles.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
text: Fine. Once married, now divorced,
dialog: two-earner couples in sub-divided
dialog: homes would, for tax purposes, be
dialog: considered living together and--
speaker_heading: INTERN 1
dialog: And therefore still married.
text: Martin’s laughing with the Interns now. Ruth arrives. Takes a
text: glass of wine off a waiter’s tray, and hands it to Martin:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It kept going. For decades. While a
dialog: whole generation of Swedes simply
dialog: avoided the issue by never getting
dialog: married. ... Thanks, Honey. ...
dialog: Have you met my wife?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: The moral of his story is that, in
dialog: their attempt to raise revenue, the
dialog: Swedish government ruined all those
dialog: young men’s best hope at happiness.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Exactly. Because how a government
dialog: taxes its citizens is a declaration
dialog: of a country’s values.
text: He turns to look Intern 1 - who challenged him - in the eye.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now what in the world could have
dialog: more impact than that?
text: As the point hits, Maller puts an arm over Martin’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: MALLER
dialog: You'd be wise to listen, boys. I
dialog: swear to Christ, Martin Ginsburg’1l
dialog: be signing all our checks some day.
text: As Martin smiles modestly, Maller takes it too far:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: MALLER (CONT’D)
dialog: You're a smart girl, Ruthy. You
dialog: married a star.
text: OFF RUTH: Stung, but biting her tongue.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN MANHATTAN STREET - LATER
text: Ruth walks ahead quietly. Martin sees she’s irritated...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Tom Maller is barely evolved. He
dialog: started walking upright last week.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You always do that. You act like it
dialog: doesn’t matter. But all the little
text: brush-offs, the dismissive pats on
dialog: the head... It matters, Marty.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Why? YOU know what you do is
dialog: important.
text: She keeps walking.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Fine. Next time my boss gives me a
dialog: clumsy compliment, I’1l challenge
dialog: him to a duel. Will that help?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I wouldn’t want to hurt your
dialog: stellar reputation.
text: Martin stops.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What do you want me to do, Ruth?
dialog: Should I quit in protest? Tell me
dialog: what you want, and I'll do it.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Nothing! I want... Nothing. I want
dialog: you to go to work and wow your
dialog: bosses and clients.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT’D) MARTIN
dialog: And be the youngest partner That’s not fair! Give me a
dialog: in the history of the firm. break.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: And I want you to walk me home,
dialog: Marty. So I can sit in my corner
dialog: and write a lesson plan to inspire
dialog: the next generation of lawyers to
dialog: go forth and fight for equality.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What could possibly be more
dialog: important than that? I don’t
dialog: understand why you’re acting like
dialog: it’s a punishment. You’re teaching
dialog: young people to change the world!
text: It comes bursting out:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Because that’s what I wanted to do!
text: As she walks off -- leaving him there -- the admission is as
text: much a shock to her as it is to him...
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - BEDROOM - LATER
text: Ruth sits at the table that was once in their kitchen in
text: Cambridge. She’s writing lesson plans, sipping coffee.
text: She ignores a KNOCK on the door. Martin enters anyway. And
text: drops, right onto her papers, a small, yellow booklet -- the
scene_heading: TAX COURT ADVANCE SHEETS (TCAS).
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Page ten.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I don’t read Tax Court cases.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Read this one. The IRS wouldn't
dialog: allow a tax deduction for the
dialog: Petitioner to hire a nurse to take
text: care of an invalid mother.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Sounds like a real page-turner.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ask me why.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Marty. I have a lecture to write.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 40
text: He seems to accept it. And heads for the door. But before he
text: goes, he turns back:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It’s because the Petitioner is a
dialog: man.
text: When she turns to him, he grins -- and is gone. Ruth opens
scene_heading: the TCAS: CHARLES E. MORITZ V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL
text: REVENUE...
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: Martin putts a golf ball under the couch and into a water
text: cup. When he looks up, Ruth’s in the doorway. TCAS in hand:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Section 214 of the tax code assumes
dialog: a caregiver has to be a woman. This
dialog: is sex-based discrimination...
scene_heading: AGAINST A MAN.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Poor guy.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: If a federal court ruled that this
dialog: law is unconstitutional, it would
dialog: become the precedent others refer
dialog: to and build on. Men and women
dialog: both. It could topple the whole
dialog: damn system of discrimination.
text: She notices the delight on his face.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: What? ... What is it?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No. Nothing. I’m just thrilled by
dialog: your sudden enthusiasm for tax law.
text: She puts her arms around him:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Marty. We need to take this case.
scene_heading: INT. ACLU RECEPTION AREA - DAY
text: An open bullpen bustling with the urgency of a Military HQ.
dialog: There’s a culture war, and these are front-line soldiers. A
scene_heading: sign over reception: AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 41
text: An elevator slides open, REVEALING RUTH...
text: She heads for THE RECEPTIONIST, crossing paths with ACLU
text: STAFFERS (various ages, races, genders), hearing SNIPPETS OF
speaker_heading: CONVERSATION:
speaker_heading: ACLU STAFFER 1
dialog: Of course he says he’s against
dialog: bombing Cambodia. I want to know,
dialog: where’s his bill to de-fund it?
text: Another STAFFER is holding up a T-shirt -- a “WANTED: DEAD OR
text: ALIVE” poster with a cop in the middle.
speaker_heading: ACLU STAFFER 2
dialog: (to a third staffer)
text: It’s derogatory. It’s taunting. But
dialog: it’s speech. Not conduct.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (to receptionist)
dialog: Mel Wulf is expecting me.
text: Phone to her ear, the Receptionist motions for her to wait.
text: MEL WULF, the ACLU’s Legal Director (40, handsome, wildly
text: smart), is escorting A GUEST to the elevator:
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: I need exact words. Did he say he
dialog: wants to get his hands on Nixon, or
dialog: that he hopes the Viet Cong do?
text: He notices Ruth at Reception. And grins mischievously.
speaker_heading: ACLU STAFFER 3
dialog: Why? What’s the difference?
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Five years in prison. Would you
dialog: excuse me?
text: As Ruth waits, Mel sneaks up behind her...
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: I'm a little acorn round / lying on
dialog: the dusty ground...
text: Ruth spins on him. As Mel jumps into an intricate
text: choreographed routine of stomps, claps and jazz-hands.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Everybody steps on me. / So I'ma
dialog: little cracked you see...
text: Everyone stops. To watch. The Receptionist lowers the phone.
text: Ruth smiles -- blushing.
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm a nut / but that's no sin. / At
dialog: Camp Che-na-wah, I'll fit right in.
text: Arms spread. Breathing heavy. A broad grin.
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen. The three-
dialog: time Camp Che-na-wah All-Around
text: Camper: Ruth “Kiki” Bader.
text: A smattering of APPLAUSE. As Mel struts toward Ruth, he jokes
text: to a laughing colleague...
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey. You think this job’s hard? I
dialog: used to judge the fifteen-and-
text: unders with a color war trophy on
dialog: the line.
dialog: (to Ruth)
dialog: Hi Kiki. Whaddya say?
scene_heading: INT. ACLU OFFICES - CORRIDOR - LATER
text: Ruth follows Mel down a crowded hallway. He’s reading the Tax
text: Court Advance Sheets as they walk.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: You said you had a case. This is
dialog: not A case. It’s the opening salvo
dialog: in a fifty-year war for a new class
dialog: of civil rights.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes! Exactly!
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: I can’t help you. This is beyond my
dialog: mandate.
speaker_heading: RUTH
scene_heading: American CIVIL LIBERTIES Union.
dialog: Women’s right are civil rights.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: I’m still getting flack for
dialog: defending draft card burners. And a
dialog: right to protest actually exists.
text: He hands Ruth the Advance Sheets. As they stop before his
text: office: “Melvin Wulf / Legal Director”. He opens the door.
text: But neither moves.
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: After you.
scene_heading: INT. MEL'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Mel closes the door behind them. Then relaxes into his chair,
text: feet up on the desk. As Ruth sits across from him:
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: How’s Marty? Still protecting the
dialog: rich from the predations of the
dialog: poor?
text: She gives him a look.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: If we’re going to appeal, the court
dialog: needs to agree there’s a
dialog: constitutional handle here.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: How did you even convince this guy
dialog: to let you represent him?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I'll take care of that. Alone, the
dialog: judges--
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Are you kidding me?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: The judges may not give Marty and I
dialog: the benefit of the doubt. But with
dialog: your name alongside ours on the
dialog: brief...
dialog: He considers her...
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: You must see the opportunity this
dialog: case represents.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: You think judges will be
dialog: sympathetic because they all have
dialog: prostates? Men and women eat at the
text: same lunch counters. We drink at
dialog: the same fountains. We go to the
dialog: same schools.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Women can’t attend Dartmouth.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Men can’t go to Smith.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Women police officers can’t patrol
dialog: New York City streets. We have to
dialog: get credit cards in our husbands’
dialog: names.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: You're fifty-one percent of the
dialog: population. You’re not even a
dialog: minority. Anyway, it’s been tried.
dialog: Muller. Goesaert. What’s—-her-name
text: with the baseball bat.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Gwendolyn Hoyt.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: And morally, they were right.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Yet they lost. Look around you,
text: Ruth. Morality doesn’t win the day.
dialog: Dorothy Kenyon couldn’t even get
dialog: women equality arguing a case with
dialog: sex, murder, and prison-time on the
dialog: line. You and Marty really think
dialog: you're gonna do it with this guy
dialog: and his taxes?
scene_heading: EXT. ACLU’S OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: A tower in Manhattan’s financial district. A man holds the
text: door for Ruth -- and she takes the other. She storms past
text: Business Men and Secretaries. Taxis and phone booths. The
text: sound of CAR HORNS AND CONSTRUCTION is oppressive. As she
text: disappears down THE STEPS OF A SUBWAY STATION...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 45
text: A MOMENT LATER: Ruth re-emerges. Eyeing A PHONE BOOTH... She
text: steps inside.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Operator. I need a number. ...
dialog: Denver, Colorado.
scene_heading: EXT. LEXINGTON AVE. - DAY
text: MARTIN'S ON THE CORNER, waving down a cab. As it pulls over,
text: he’s urging Ruth, Jane and James to hurry up...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: C’mon! C’mon!
text: DOWN ON THE BLOCK: They’re hurrying. Jane pulling Ruth’s bag.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: You're going to have to get James
dialog: from school while I’m in Denver.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Mom. I told you, Denise and I are
dialog: starting our consciousness-raising
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Then take James with you.
dialog: (looking them over)
dialog: Will you be all right?
text: Jane puts a hand on James’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: We’ll survive somehow. Go kick ass.
dialog: Martin’s loading her bag:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Meter’s running.
text: Ruth approaches him...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What if I can’t convince him?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What if you never try?
text: They kiss. And she gets in the taxi...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
text: Martin watches it all the way down the street.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Daddy. Why’s Mommy going to Denver?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: She's climbing a mountain.
scene_heading: E/I. MORITZ HOUSE - DENVER - DAY
text: Ruth walks up the path to a modest home in a leafy Denver
text: suburb. She rings the bell. No answer. She knocks, waits
text: patiently. And finally tries looking through a nearby window.
speaker_heading: MORITZ (0.S.)
dialog: Mrs. Ginsburg...
text: She’s startled. The front door has opened to reveal CHARLES
text: MORITZ (60's, lived-in face, no shoes).
speaker_heading: MORITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: You're early.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (checking her watch)
dialog: I can come back in ten minutes, if
dialog: you prefer.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: You might as well come in now and
dialog: have your say.
text: Ruth follows him into THE ENTRYWAY, where he indicates for
text: her to removes her shoes. As she slips off her heels, her
text: mountain seems steeper.
scene_heading: INT. MORITZ HOUSE - LIVING ROOM —- MOMENTS LATER
text: Moritz points out a sofa where Ruth can wait...
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: I‘1l be with you in a minute.
text: He crosses the room to his MOTHER (85). In a wheelchair by a
text: window. Napkin tucked into her shirt. Tomato Soup on a TV
text: tray beside her.
speaker_heading: MORITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Mother. This is Ruth Ginsburg. The
dialog: New York lawyer I told you about.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Mrs. Moritz... hello.
text: Moritz’s Mother gives Ruth a dismissive look. To her son:
scene_heading: MORITZ'S MOTHER
dialog: I thought she'd be bigger.
text: As Ruth waits, she looks at family photos on the mantle. One
text: in particular catches her eye: a young, proud Charlie as the
text: drum major in a marching band.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I see you were a drum major. I was
text: a twirler.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: That was a thousand years ago.
text: So much for making a connection. Ruth pulls out a legal pad.
text: Moritz finishes feeding his mom. He hands her a large-print
text: crossword puzzle and tries to put a pencil in her hand, which
text: SHAKES uncontrollably. Eventually, she secures it.
text: Moritz returns to Ruth.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Mr. Moritz. About your case...
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: I don’t have a case. Four lawyers
dialog: told me so before I went to Court
dialog: myself and asked for justice. And
dialog: that judge... Tietjens, he
dialog: basically said I was a tax cheat.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Are you?
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: I’ve never cheated at anything in
dialog: my life!
text: Suddenly, from the other side of the room... and LOUD!
scene_heading: MORITZ'S MOTHER
dialog: “Tasmanian egg-layer.” Eight
dialog: letters.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: Not now, Mom.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (ready to take notes)
dialog: Tell me in your own words: why did
dialog: you hire a nurse?
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: If you’ve never cared for an ailing
dialog: parent...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (pained by the memory)
dialog: I have.
text: He’s surprised.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: Then you know. Between the
dialog: dressing, the bathing, the toilet.
dialog: It’s not a task for one person.
dialog: Especially when you have a day job.
dialog: If it weren’t for Cleeta, I'd have
dialog: to put mom in a home.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: And so you deducted Cleeta’s salary
dialog: on your taxes.
scene_heading: MORITZ'S MOTHER
dialog: “Tasmanian egg-layer.” Second
dialog: letter L.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: Mom. I’1l help you in a bit.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (loudly, helpfully)
dialog: How about ‘Platypus’?
text: Moritz’s Mother writes it down. Ruth smiles to Moritz. He
text: doesn’t smile back.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: I’m a salesman Mrs. Ginsburg. I
dialog: know when I’m being sold.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: With due respect, you have $296 at
dialog: issue. I’m not here for the money.
dialog: We'd represent your appeal pro-
dialog: bono, if you’1l let us.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: The judge said that Tax Code is
dialog: plain.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: MORITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: The caregiver deduction is
dialog: available to all women. But only to
dialog: men whose wives are incapacitated
dialog: or dead. Or who are divorced.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: And you've never been married. ...
dialog: The men who wrote that law couldn’t
dialog: even fathom that a bachelor
dialog: choosing to take care of a parent
dialog: at home might exist.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: So... what? The judge was wrong?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Mr. Moritz, the LAW is wrong.
text: He takes a beat to respond.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: You’re a long way from home. You
dialog: must be hungry after your trip.
text: Ruth nods with a smile.
scene_heading: INT. MORITZ RESIDENCE - KITCHEN - LATER
text: Moritz is making cold-cut sandwiches -- mixing his own
text: mustard-horseradish spread. Ruth is at a small table.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: What’s so difficult for my mother
text: is that she’s KNOWS she’s fading.
dialog: And there’s nothing she can do to
dialog: stop it.
dialog: Ruth considers it...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: The hardest part for MY mom... It
dialog: must have been-- When she was
dialog: young, she was expected to tend to
dialog: her father and brother, instead of
dialog: going to college. ... The idea that
dialog: now her daughter... that I was
dialog: taking care of her...
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: How did you manage to do both? You
dialog: were just a girl.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: And you're ‘just an unmarried man.’
dialog: (she thinks about it...)
dialog: We both confounded expectations.
text: He finishes the sandwiches and sits. Ruth bites into hers.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: This is delicious. I was famished.
text: He watches her eat for a moment.
text: Moritz’s Mother and her nurse, Cleeta (70), pass by IN THE
dialog: HALL...
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: If it’s not for the money, then why
dialog: are you here?
text: She puts down the sandwich.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: The 14th Amendment to the United
dialog: States Constitution says all people
dialog: must be treated equally under the
dialog: law. And yet, there are... I don’t
dialog: know how many laws -- like the
dialog: caregiver deduction -- that say, in
dialog: effect, women stay home, and men go
dialog: to work, and that it should stay
dialog: that way forever. ... I want to
dialog: convince the federal courts that
dialog: those laws are unconstitutional.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: How do you do that?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: One case at a time. Starting with
dialog: yours. We’ll submit a brief stating
dialog: our argument. Then the government
dialog: will submit a response. And both
dialog: sides will present oral arguments
dialog: at the 10th Circuit Court of
dialog: Appeals, here in Denver.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: (a knowing smile)
dialog: So I’m a guinea pig?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No, sir. You're the man marching
text: out ahead of the band, leading the
dialog: way. Just like the drum major you
dialog: used to be.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you imagine, Charlie, if our
dialog: moms had grown up in a world where
dialog: girls could dream as big as boys?
dialog: 51
text: She looks back to him. It’s plain in his look: he’s in.
scene_heading: EXT. WEIL, GOTSHAL & MANGES - NIGHT
text: A brisk autumn evening. Martin and Tom Maller come out of the
text: building. As they look and cross the street:
speaker_heading: MALLER
dialog: For God’s sake. I’ve invested a lot
dialog: of my own reputation building up
dialog: your career. Now you’re wanna dump
dialog: it down the toilet for some
dialog: cockamamie case?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: My contract says I need permission
dialog: to take outside work. So I’m
dialog: asking. But--
speaker_heading: MALLER
dialog: You’re on track to be the youngest
dialog: partner at the firm. Do yourself a
dialog: favor. Don’t blow it.
text: He notices Martin’s slowing down...
speaker_heading: MALLER (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought you live uptown?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm picking up Ruth’s dry-cleaning
text: around the corner.
speaker_heading: MALLER
dialog: Jesus Christ. ... What are you doing
dialog: this for Marty? You’re gonna go
text: blindly traipsing into this case...
dialog: for what? So the little woman can
dialog: feel like she’s a real lawyer?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (holding in his fury)
dialog: Tom. I am determined to--
speaker_heading: MALLER
dialog: You really want to support her?
dialog: Tell her the truth.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Which is?
speaker_heading: MALLER
dialog: The case is unwinnable. You must
dialog: know that. Congress can write
dialog: whatever taxes it wants. That’s not
dialog: open to constitutional attack.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You only say that because no one’s
dialog: ever done it successfully before.
speaker_heading: MALLER
dialog: Fine. So try it. I won’t stop you.
text: Martin’s relieved.
speaker_heading: MALLER (CONT'D)
dialog: But when you lose, be ready for
dialog: your career to come crashing back
dialog: to Earth.
text: As Maller leaves, checking his watch, Martin weighs the
dialog: warning..
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: ON THE DINING ROOM TABLE: A dog-eared copy of TO KILL A
text: MOCKINGBIRD, and an essay by Jane, crossed out and marked up
text: in red pen -- “Atticus Finch: Great American Lawyer.”
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Murder can never be condoned. Least
dialog: of all by a lawyer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It’s called justice, mom.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What’s just to you may not be just
dialog: to me or to someone else.
text: IN THE FOYER: Martin enters.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You know what I mean.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Good evening!
text: Ignored, Martin notices THE BOOK on the table.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Would it kill you to admit that
dialog: maybe I’m actually right about
dialog: something? This is an ‘A’ paper!
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Of course it is. You’re a beautiful
dialog: writer. That’s not the point.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! ... Please tell
dialog: me you're not going ten rounds over
dialog: To Kill A Mockingbird.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Daddy. Tell her Atticus Finch can
dialog: be a role model.
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: He covers up Bob Ewell’s murder. He
dialog: is a terrible lawyer.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Why? ‘Cause you say so?
speaker_heading: RUTH JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Not me. Canon One of The --. What are you talking
dialog: American Bar Association's about?!
dialog: Model Code of Professional
dialog: Responsi--
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Legal ethics.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You'd do exactly the same thing --
dialog: if you actually had a heart.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: All right. That’s enough.
text: She storms off -- disappearing DOWN THE HALL. HER DOOR SLAMS.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I don’t know where she gets her
dialog: stubbornness.
text: Martin lets it lie.
text: As Ruth goes to THE DINING ROOM TABLE, and copies onto a note
dialog: card a quote from a legal tome:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: «.. So how are you?
text: She looks at him: How am I? ... Then picks up one of the
text: books open beside her, and hands it to him -- highlighted:
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (reading aloud)
dialog: “History discloses that woman has
dialog: always been dependent upon man.
dialog: Like children, she needs special
dialog: care. This justifies a difference
dialog: in legislation.”
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Muller v Oregon. The law of the
dialog: land.
text: She picks up another book...
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Or Bradwell v Illinois.
dialog: (reading aloud)
dialog: “The destiny of woman is the benign
dialog: offices of wife and mother. This is
dialog: the law of the Creator.” ... And
dialog: for how long have you been hearing
dialog: the voice of the Creator, Justice
dialog: Bradley?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Maybe The Creator submitted an
dialog: amicus brief.
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: On a stone tablet, no doubt.
text: She tosses the book aside.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm writing this brief, and citing
dialog: the same cases, coming up against
dialog: the exact same precedents as
dialog: everyone before us. If this is what
dialog: we go in with...
text: With a look, he shares her worry.
text: FROM JANE’S BEDROOM comes BLARING MUSIC: “OHIO” by Crosby,
text: Stills and Nash. Ruth and Martin share a look.
text: When Ruth moves to get up, Martin waves her back...
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - JANE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jane over her math homework is the mirror-image of Ruth with
text: her brief. Martin KNOCKS and enters.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I’m busy.
text: He turns down the record. When Jane looks up at him, he’s
text: surprised to see her eyes are welled with tears...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Come here.
text: She sits beside him on the bed. And for a beat, lets him hug
text: her... Then shrugs him off.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'm fine. I can be as tough as she
dialog: is. ... She’s a bully. She needs
dialog: everybody to know how smart she is.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You want Mommy to stop being smart?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I want her to stop rubbing it in
dialog: everyone’s face all the time.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Don’t tell me she doesn’t.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Rubbing it in people’s faces is the
dialog: only way she’s ever gotten anyone
dialog: to notice.
text: Jane hears him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Grandma Celia died when Mom was
dialog: about your age. But right up to her
dialog: dying breath, they would read
dialog: together, and debate ideas, and
dialog: she'd make mom question everything.
dialog: «+. Jane, Mom isn’t bullying you.
dialog: She doesn’t want you to feel small.
dialog: She wants to share what her mother
dialog: taught her. .... That’s how she
text: shows her heart.
text: Jane is touched.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe she overdoes it sometimes.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - DINING ROOM - LATER
text: Ruth is at the typewriter, still working.
text: Martin enters. Takes one of her reference books. And joins
text: her. Ruth looks up and watches him. ... Until he notices.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Is she okay?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: She'll be fine.
text: They resume working. Together. Until Ruth looks up again...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I love you.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER WEST SIDE - SIDEWALK - DAY
text: A SHOP OWNER cleans graffiti off his store window. Cast iron
text: facades. Pot-holed streets. Dumpsters overflowing. And
text: against the gray sky, the Twin Towers are being built.
text: In her up-town coat, Ruth is out of place. Searching for an
text: address. Beside her, Jane, in a short skirt and knee-highs,
text: hugs her denim jacket tighter against the blustery, late-
dialog: autumn cold.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: This is stupid. You’re the one who
dialog: said I’m supposed to be in school.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: If you’re going to write about
dialog: Great American Lawyers, you may as
dialog: well meet one.
text: They come to a derelict building with an empty storefront.
text: Share a wary look. And step over a drunk, passed out on the
text: sidewalk. Entering...
scene_heading: INT. DOWNTOWN BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER
text: As they come DOWN A LONG HALLWAY, Ruth grabs Jane’s wrist,
text: holding her back. Awestruck.
text: DOROTHY KENYON is locking a door marked “Attorney” in peeling
text: paint. She’s slender, with a white bob beneath a broad-
text: rimmed, floppy hat. Her eyes are vivacious; they can flash
text: from humor to fiery passion without blinking.
text: Door locked, she turns. And finds them.
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: You ladies look lost.
text: Ruth watches her -- a long beat.
speaker_heading: KENYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, spit it out.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Ms. Kenyon. We’re here to see you.
dialog: I tried to make an appointment.
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: Here I am. I don’t have all day.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: .».. It’s about Gwendolyn Hoyt.
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: Ah. In that case I have no interest
dialog: in talking to either one of you.
text: She shoves the keys into her large bag. As she blows by them,
text: Ruth and Jane follow.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’m arguing a case... Sex-
dialog: discrimination violates the equal
dialog: protection principle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: ‘Equal Protection’ was coined to
dialog: grant equality to the negro -- a
dialog: task at which it has dismally
dialog: failed. What makes you think women
dialog: would fare any better?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Please. If we could just talk for--
text: Kenyon turns on them:
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: You wanna know how I blew it, that
dialog: it? What I'd do differently? Why?
dialog: You think you can change the
dialog: country?
text: She indicates Jane, who is taken by surprise.
speaker_heading: KENYON (CONT'D)
dialog: You should look to her generation.
dialog: They're taking to the streets.
dialog: Demanding change. Like we did when
dialog: we fought for the vote.
text: Jane gives Ruth an “I told ya so” look.
speaker_heading: KENYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Our mistake was thinking we’d won.
dialog: We started asking please. As if
dialog: civil rights were sweets to be
text: handed out by judges.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Protests are important. But
dialog: changing the culture means nothing,
dialog: if the law doesn’t change. As a
dialog: lawyer, you must believe that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: She walks
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: Let me guess: you’re a professor,
dialog: aren’t you? Yeah. A ton of
dialog: knowledge, and no smarts.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Mom. We should go.
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: You want advice? Here it is. Tell
dialog: your client she won’t find equality
text: in a courtroom.
dialog: away... Ruth following:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: My client’s name is Charles Moritz.
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: That’s cute.
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: He hired a nurse who helps care for
dialog: his mother. But he was denied a
dialog: caregiver deduction on his taxes.
text: Kenyon does the calculation. It takes her a beat -- but just
dialog: a beat --
text: to put it together. Kenyon stops.
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: He’s never been married. You found
text: a bachelor taking care of his
dialog: mother at home? .... The judges
dialog: will be repulsed by him.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Feeling anything is a start.
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: +. What did you say your name was?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
text: She and Kenyon watch one another for an extended beat.
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: Well... Sorry Professor Ginsburg.
dialog: Maybe someday. But the country
dialog: isn’t ready. Change minds first.
dialog: Then change the law. ...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: KENYON (CONT'D)
dialog: 60
dialog: If you'll excuse me, the mayor’s
dialog: decided to rename the neighborhood,
dialog: so now a developer's kicking thirty
text: families out of a building he
dialog: abandoned ten years ago.
text: As she heads to the stairwell...
speaker_heading: KENYON (CONT'D)
dialog: .-. SoHo. Who’s ever heard of
dialog: a ridiculous thing?
text: Ruth and Jane share a look: Whoa.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER WEST SIDE - SIDEWALK - LATER
text: It’s raining hard as Ruth and Jane exit.
dialog: such
dialog: They open their
text: umbrellas. Ruth looks back the way they came. Then points
text: Jane in the other direction.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Let’s catch a cab.
text: They start walking.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I know she's your personal hero and
dialog: all. But she's kind of a bitch.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No. She’s formidable. ... Dorothy
dialog: Kenyon has been fighting for Civil
dialog: Rights and Women’s Rights and Labor
dialog: Rights her entire career. She
dialog: didn’t always win. But she made
dialog: damn sure she was taken seriously.
text: The rain is pelting down. Ruth and Jane take cover under a
text: scaffolding. A cab passes, but its dome light is off. They
text: lower their umbrellas.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: She didn’t help you. ... What are
dialog: you going to do?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It’s the right cause. It’s the
dialog: right client. But women have been
dialog: losing this same argument for over
dialog: a century.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well... just because you lost a
dialog: hundred years before you started is
dialog: no reason not to try to win.
text: Ruth considers it... And realizes:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Jane. That was incredibly wise.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Do you know who said it first?
dialog: (Ruth doesn’t)
dialog: Atticus Finch.
dialog: In Ruth’s look: “Touché.”
text: Across the street, two CON ED WORKERS SHOUT and WHISTLE at them
text: lasciviously.
speaker_heading: CONSTRUCTION WORKER
dialog: Lookin’ good, ladies. We'll warm
dialog: you up... if you’re getting wet.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (checking for another cab)
dialog: It's okay. Just ignore them.
speaker_heading: CONSTRUCTION WORKER
dialog: Too good for us, huh? Bitches!
text: Jane SHOUTS back at them.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Real nice. You kiss your mother
dialog: with that mouth? Asshole.
text: That shuts the Workers up. Jane sees Ruth’s surprise.
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom. You can’t just let boys talk
dialog: to you like that.
text: At that moment, Jane sees a vacant cab approaching. She
text: dashes out fearlessly and YELLS:
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: TAXI!
text: The cab BRAKES sharply. Ruth starts out after her, but stops
text: mid-street. Jane’s at the cab door.
text: Ruth looks around at the constructions workers tearing down
text: buildings, wild posting for a Joni Mitchell concert; a couple
text: making out; sexy women on a billboard...
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom, c’mon.
speaker_heading: (to the TAXI DRIVER)
dialog: Yeah, yeah. Hold on a second.
text: She returns to her mother. She’s not sure what’s going on...
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s not gonna wait forever. You're
text: getting soaked.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Twenty years.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Look at you. It may as well be two
dialog: hundred.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You lost me.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It’s only twenty years since I was
dialog: your age. Back then girls were
dialog: told: “Be a lady.” “Speak when
dialog: spoken to.” “Respect your elders.”
text: Jane's getting where her mom is headed...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Now it’s ‘Don’t trust anyone over
dialog: thirty!’
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: They taught me how to curtsy in
dialog: school.
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: I couldn't go out wearing pants.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I’m not even wearing a bra.
text: The cabbie HONKS impatiently.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You are a liberated, fearless young
dialog: woman. Twenty years ago, you
dialog: couldn’t have been who you are
dialog: today.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Dorothy Kenyon’s wrong. The times
dialog: have already changed.
scene_heading: BEGIN -- BRIEF-WRITING SEQUENCE:
scene_heading: INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - EVENING
text: Ruth. Alone. Consulting a book. Hunched over a legal pad.
text: Writing. Crossing out. And starting again.
text: OUTSIDE THE DOOR: a Janitor buffs the hallway floors.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: RUTH (V.O.)
dialog: It’s what Professor Freund said at
dialog: Harvard...
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Ruth’s standing at the counter. Eating leftovers. Martin is
text: reading the typed notes. Concerned...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: “RA court ought not be affected by
dialog: the weather of the day. But will be
dialog: by the climate of the era.”
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay... So we’re not re-fighting
dialog: the old cases.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: We're arguing the precedents should
dialog: no longer apply.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: But Ruth, Freund was talking about
dialog: Brown v. Board of Ed. That was a
dialog: once-in-a-generation case.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: And we're the next generation.
text: OFF MARTIN: impressed.
scene_heading: INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - FACULTY OFFICES - DAY
text: Ruth is dictating her notes to a department secretary,
text: MILLICENT (28, sultry), who is typing them up.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Martin is on the couch, writing notes on Ruth’s typed work.
text: IN THE BACKGROUND: Jane is laying out dinner on the table.
text: Ruth is on the floor, playing checkers with James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: King me!
dialog: 64
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: On the wall over her desk, Ruth tacks up the same note card.
text: SEE: OTHERS. AND NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS. It’s the outline of her
dialog: argument.
text: Martin’s on the bed, surrounded by books, writing his tax
dialog: section of the brief.
scene_heading: INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - FACULTY OFFICES - DAY
text: CLOSE ON TYPEWRITER KEYS STRIKING THE PAPER: “Changes in
dialog: societal attitudes.” ... “Unalterable biological traits.”
scene_heading: INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - EVENING
text: Ruth’s added a coffee pot to the room. Some of her class is
text: with her. They’re passing books, newspapers, journals -- and
text: Chinese food cartons -- between them. Animated. Discussing.
text: OVER THIS, START TO HEAR: MILLICENT’S TYPING...
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - NIGHT
text: AS THE TYPING CONTINUES, GETTING LOUDER...
text: Ruth and Martin walking -- dressed in overcoats:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Our client is a man. We can’t lose
dialog: sight of that. Men are also harmed
dialog: by these stereotypes. Boys who are
dialog: told they’re not supposed to be
dialog: nurses, or teachers, or--
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Cook dinner for their families.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: We’re counting on you, too.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ruth and Martin are cuddled on the couch. Writing notes on
dialog: their work...
text: Noticing one another, they stop. Kiss... And resume working.
scene_heading: THE TYPING CONTINUES. LOUDER STILL...
dialog: 65
scene_heading: INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - FACULTY OFFICE - DAY
text: Millicent is typing up their hand-written pages...
text: She pulls out the final page.
scene_heading: INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - RUTH’S OFFICE - LATER
text: Millicent enters -- the typed Moritz Brief in hand:
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Professor Ginsburg? I finished
text: typing the brief.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (accepting it)
dialog: You're a saint, Millicent.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: May I make an observation? ... It’s
dialog: just... I’m typing your brief. And
dialog: jumping out all over it is, well...
dialog: sex-sex-sex-sex-sex-sex. It reeks
dialog: of hormones and backseats and-- You
dialog: know how men are. Maybe you should
dialog: try a less distracting word.
text: She and Ruth exchange a look...
speaker_heading: MILLICENT (CONT’D)
dialog: Maybe... gender?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You realize that means...
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: That’s no problem. I’m happy to
dialog: type it again.
text: Off Ruth: END SEQUENCE.
scene_heading: INT. ACLU OFFICES - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Mel hurries down the hallway, chatting with a LAWYER.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Guessing does me no good. I need to
dialog: know how many people were actually
text: turned away from the polls.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: ACLU STAFFER 4
dialog: The Affiliate still hasn’t sent the
dialog: list.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Call Brian Tanner. Remind him,
dialog: please, that we’re on the same
dialog: team. And tell him if he doesn’t
dialog: start acting like it, I’1l come to
dialog: Wisconsin and rip his God-damn
dialog: throat out myself!
text: As he opens his OFFICE DOOR:
speaker_heading: KENYON (0.S.)
dialog: Melvin. Didn’t your mother ever
dialog: teach you to clean your room?
scene_heading: INT. MEL'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: She's sitting behind his desk. Reading a newspaper -- THE
text: IDAHO STATESMAN. Mel, surprised, enters and closes the door.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Ms. Kenyon. Is it time for your
dialog: annual dusting-off already?
text: Kenyon laughs. As she folds her newspaper...
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: In 1776, Abigail Adams wrote her
dialog: husband a letter. “As you write
dialog: this new constitution,” she said,
dialog: “Remember the ladies.” Know what
dialog: the bastard went ahead and did?
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: I can guess.
text: She slams the paper down, the article oriented toward him:
text: “COURT FINDS FOR CECIL REED.”
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: The Idaho Statesman? You need a
dialog: hobby.
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: These poor people. Sally and Cecil
dialog: Reed. Divorced. Their son committed
dialog: suicide, and both parents want to
dialog: administer his estate.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: KENYON (CONT'D)
dialog: In Idaho the law says that in this
dialog: situation, males must be preferred
dialog: to females. Why? ‘Cause men are
dialog: better at math.
text: She taps the newspaper article with her finger.
speaker_heading: KENYON (CONT'D)
dialog: The Idaho Supreme Court just said
dialog: that is perfectly legal.
text: With some effort, she gets up. Taking her over-sized bag with
text: her. As she does:
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Dorothy. I’ve got student
text: protestors in jail in California.
dialog: I’ve got schools in Mississippi
dialog: that still refuse to desegrega--
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: Eh, you’re a sissy. The Board
dialog: threatened to can you ‘cause you
dialog: stood up for draft dodgers, and
dialog: your tail’s been between your legs
dialog: ever since.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: That’s not-- I don’t have the
dialog: resources to take this on.
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: I’ve seen you stand up to the might
dialog: of government with sling and stone
dialog: for what you know is right. And
dialog: kid, I loved ya for it. They’re not
dialog: gonna fire you, Mel. The board’s a
dialog: bunch of tired old fools, and they
dialog: don’t have the nerve to do it. I
dialog: should know; I’m one of ‘em.
text: She takes his hand.
speaker_heading: KENYON (CONT'D)
dialog: John Adams forgot the ladies. And
dialog: it’s time the ACLU got back in the
dialog: fight.
text: With a look, he concedes.
speaker_heading: KENYON (CONT'D)
dialog: Good.
dialog: (digging into her bag)
dialog: Now here’s where you start.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: KENYON (CONT'D)
text: A case headed for the tenth
text: circuit. Professor out of Rutgers.
dialog: Smart cookie.
text: She presents him with a copy of Ruth’s Moritz Brief...
text: He looks at it. Surprised. Then his surprise turns into
text: clarity -- he glances at the newspaper still on his desk:
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: ("of course”)
dialog: Ruth.
text: She pats him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: KENYON
dialog: You’re a good boy.
scene_heading: INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - DAY
text: The Fourteenth Amendment is written on the board. Ruth,
dialog: before her class, underlines the Equal Protection Clause...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: But nowhere does the Constitution
dialog: say the federal government must
dialog: treat people equally. What did the
dialog: Court say about that? Mrs. Parker.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: That the Due Process Clause implies
dialog: that Equal Protection applies to
dialog: the federal government as well.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Can you cite the case?
text: Parker hesitates. Unsure. ... REVEAL:
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Bolling v Sharpe. 347 U.S. 497.
text: He’s in the doorway. A briefcase in hand.
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Decided in conjunction with Brown v
dialog: Board of Ed in 1954, Bolling
dialog: desegregated Washington, D.C.’s
dialog: public schools. Chief Justice
dialog: Warren, writing for the Court. ....
dialog: How about it, Teach? Do I get an A?
speaker_heading: OFF RUTH:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. DINER — DAY
text: Ruth and Mel with coffee. Only Mel is eating pie. He reaches
text: into his bag -- and drops Ruth’s brief between them. An
text: accusation in his eyes.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: It was well played Ruth, sending
dialog: your work to Kenyon.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (playing innocent)
dialog: I thought she might have advice.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Cut the shit. Just don’t play games
dialog: with me again.
text: They stare each other down for a beat...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What did you think of the brief?
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: (admitting it)
dialog: It’s a compelling argument.
dialog: Brilliantly reasoned. These days
dialog: more women than ever are working.
dialog: And why not? We have pre-schools
dialog: and washing machines and cheap
dialog: contraceptives.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Times have changed.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: But there’s a glaring problem... In
dialog: the unlikely event that you win
dialog: this thing -- what’s the remedy?
text: The Court takes away the Caregiver
dialog: Deduction from everyone --
dialog: including working mothers. And then
dialog: you've done more harm than good.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No. Do you remember Justice
dialog: Harlan’s opinion last June in Welsh
dialog: v United States?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: (getting it, impressed)
dialog: He said laws could be extended,
dialog: when doing so would be closer to
dialog: the legislature's intent than
dialog: overturning would be.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: We're adding one more section to
dialog: the brief, urging The Court to
dialog: extend the law -- to include
text: Charlie as well as everyone else.
dialog: 70
text: Mel runs through the argument in his mind. It could work.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: I still say I'd rather be a woman
dialog: in America than a black man. Or a
dialog: socialist. Or religious minority...
dialog: But the ACLU will put its name on
dialog: your brief.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: We appreciate your support.
text: She gives it a beat...
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Now let’s talk about you taking on
dialog: Reed v Reed.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: All men in Idaho are better at
dialog: math?! It’s a perfect example of--
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Quit while you’re ahead, Kiki. One
dialog: case. That’s all you get.
text: As he goes for his wallet:
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: The Moritz argument works just as
dialog: well for a female client. And
dialog: Reed’s a state supreme court case.
dialog: Which means the US Supreme Court
dialog: must hear the appeal.
dialog: (he’s ignoring her)
dialog: Call Sally Reed’s lawyer, Mel.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: I told you, I’m not starting
dialog: another fifty-year battle. I'd
dialog: worry about defending my own case,
dialog: if I were you.
text: He tosses some cash on the table. And rises to go.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I expect to see your Remedy
dialog: argument before you submit to the
dialog: Tenth Circuit. And I want to be
dialog: there when you practice your oral
dialog: arguments.
dialog: (before she can protest)
dialog: We're holding a moot court. That’s
dialog: not negotiable.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (relenting)
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: As soon as we get the government's
dialog: response brief.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE (DOJ) - DAY
text: Imposing, limestone facade -- gray in the winter-morning
dialog: light. Over the entry: “Justice is founded in the rights
dialog: bestowed by nature upon man.”
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (V.O.)
dialog: ..-A pig ‘aint good for nothing but
text: sitting in its own filth.
scene_heading: INT. DOJ - TAX DIVISION - BOZARTH’S CUBICLE - DAY
text: JIM BOZARTH (26), a Government Lawyer, is full of airy,
text: likeable, college-boy confidence. In his uncluttered cubicle:
text: a photo of his wife and a University of Texas coffee mug.
text: He’s yukking it up with A COLLEAGUE (25):
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: It’s the first rule of barbecue.
dialog: You start with a cow.
speaker_heading: COLLEAGUE
dialog: Well, you could try up in Columbia
dialog: Heights, if not for... you know,
dialog: the riots.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: For a slab of beef cooked low and
dialog: slow? I'll pack my ..45.
text: GLADYS (55) approaches before him with a file cart. A
text: reliable cog in the machine of government. She hands him a
text: brief. And a clipboard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: GLADYS (V.0O.)
dialog: Bozarth. You finished a case today.
text: As Bozarth’s Colleague takes his leave, she passes Bozarth
dialog: his new assignment...
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: Sign for your next brief.
dialog: INSERT: Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals / Charles Moritz v
dialog: Commissioner of Internal Revenue / Authors - Ruth Bader
text: Ginsburg; Martin Ginsburg; Melvin Wulf, Legal Director, ACLU.
text: Bozarth lets out a long whistle.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: 10th Circuit Court of Appeals. Know
dialog: who I am, Gladys?
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: Sure do. You’re the kid who’s going
dialog: to sign my form.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: (as he does -- grinning)
dialog: I’m a guy moving up in the world.
text: He settles in, feet on the desk -- and opens the brief.
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: In the meantime, the chief best not
dialog: catch you with your feet on that
dialog: desk.
text: He takes them down. And re-opens the brief.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: Howdy, Mr. Moritz. And what can
dialog: your Uncle Sam do for you today?
scene_heading: INT. DOJ - TAX DIVISION OFFICES - LATER
text: Brief in hand, Bozarth heads down a hallway to a closed door
text: marked “Special Attorney / Tax Division”. Stops. Prepares
text: himself. ... THEN KNOCKS.
speaker_heading: BROWN (THROUGH DOOR)
dialog: -.. What is it?
dialog: 73
scene_heading: INT. DOJ - BROWN’S OFFICE - LATER
text: The room is utilitarian. Straight lines and right angles.
text: With an orderly and organized charm that’s inviting.
text: (Professor) Brown is 65 now. Dignified. Finished to a high
text: polish. He’s at his desk reading the brief. Bozarth watches.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: You can’t make a constitutional
dialog: challenge to the Tax Code. Right?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (still reading)
dialog: It’s a stretch.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: And who’s ever heard of ‘gender
dialog: discrimination?’
text: Brown gives him a look. Then finishes reading.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: These folks are runnin’ at Hell
text: with a bucket of water.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Case law is filled with challenges
dialog: that could not be made... Until
dialog: they were. I’m putting Murphy on
dialog: writing our response brief.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: With due respect, Mr. Brown--
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: It isn’t personal, Bozarth. But if
dialog: we're not careful, this appeal will
dialog: cast a cloud of unconstitutionality
dialog: over every federal law that
dialog: differentiates between men and
dialog: women. I need someone more seasoned
text: on it.
text: For Bozarth, it’s a body blow. Brown picks up his phone...
speaker_heading: BROWN (CONT'D)
dialog: Could you get me the Solicitor
dialog: General, please?
text: Bozarth summons his courage.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: I pulled the file. I deserve the
dialog: chance. Murphy’s a weak sister.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 74
text: Brown gives him a dismissive look. Bozarth leans in.
dialog: Firm:
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: I know how to win this case, sir.
dialog: Better than Murphy. Better than
dialog: anyone. You need me on this appeal.
text: Brown stares. A bit impressed. A bit dubious... Before he can
text: decide, someone picks up on the other end of the line.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (eyes still on Bozarth)
dialog: This is Brown. I need to see him.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL BUILDING - DAY
text: A cold day. The ground dusted with snow. But (Dean) Erwin
text: Griswold doesn’t seem to notice. He’s 67 now, and Nixon’s
text: Solicitor General. Brown and Bozarth walk with him...
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: For God’s sake! Where does it end?
dialog: Gender equality as a civil right?!
speaker_heading: BROWN
text: When everyone's aggrieved and a
dialog: victim. It’s what the ACLU does.
dialog: Divide the country into smaller and
dialog: smaller subgroups.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Ginsburg... Cancer, right? And the
dialog: wife. Very demanding.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: But smart.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Ten years. Ten years I fought to
dialog: enroll women at Harvard Law. The
dialog: faculty, the university -- even my
dialog: wife warned me it could come back
dialog: to haunt me. Now this is the thanks
dialog: I get.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Erwin, we could settle. Martin
dialog: Ginsburg was one of my best
dialog: students. A practical young man. I
dialog: can call him, tell him we'll let
dialog: the man have his money. And we go
dialog: our separate ways.
text: Griswold thinks about it for a beat...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: No. ... No. We settle now, it’s
dialog: open season. Let’s put the idea of
dialog: gender discrimination to bed once
dialog: and for all. They handed us a
text: winnable case.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (on the mission)
dialog: Then we'll win it.
text: Griswold talks of Bozarth as if the young man weren’t there:
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: You're sure he’s up to it.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Mr. Bozarth is a fine litigator.
dialog: (to Bozarth)
dialog: Tell him your idea.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: We list the laws.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: What laws?
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: All of ‘em. Every federal law that
dialog: treats men and women differently.
dialog: So the Court sees exactly the can
dialog: of worms these folks are--
text: Griswold’s belly-laugh interrupts him. Until, looking between
text: Brown and Bozarth, Griswold realizes it’s not a joke.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Last I checked, the U.S. Code was
text: 20,000 pages long.
dialog: (to Brown)
dialog: Whose gonna read it? Him?
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: I can get it done, sir. All I need
text: is an introduction.
text: Griswold’s interest is piqued.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: To whom?
dialog: Bozarth knows exactly how outrageous it sounds:
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: ... The Secretary of Defense.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PENTAGON - DAY
text: Sprawling. It dwarfs the Washington Monument in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. THE PENTAGON - DAY
text: Reels of magnetic tape spin. Glowing switches CLACK. And the
text: whole room HUMS. A KEYPUNCH OPERATOR (female, 22) hands a box
text: of punch cards to one of a dozen TECHNICIANS (male).
text: Through plate glass, Brown and Bozarth watch from a hallway.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: And this computer will find what
dialog: we're looking for?
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: In just a few days.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Without any human being actually
dialog: reading the laws. ... What a
text: horrifying age.
scene_heading: INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - EVENING
text: The Students are filing out. Talking among themselves.
text: Murmuring their thanks and goodbye. SEE: Roemer, Burton,
text: Valentin, Parker, Bennett amongst them...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: STUDENTS RUTH
dialog: Thank you, Professor. ..... Good night. ... Thank you.
dialog: Good night. ... Thanks, .... That was a persuasive
dialog: Professor Ginsburg. analysis of Gruenwald v
dialog: Gardner, Mr. Bennett.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Hey thanks, Professor G.
speaker_heading: COURIER (0.S.)
dialog: Ruth Bader Ginsburg?
text: Everyone stops to see him standing in the doorway with a
text: thick envelope in hand.
speaker_heading: COURIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Delivery from the Department of
dialog: Justice.
text: She signs for it and accepts. Then opens the envelope -- all
text: eyes on her:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It’s the government’s response
dialog: brief.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Twenty volumes of THE U.S. CODE stacked around the room. Open
text: and empty cartons from the ACLU...
text: Ruth, Jane and Ruth’s students Roemer and Burton are seated
text: AROUND THE DINING ROOM TABLE. In the middle of them, the
text: brief is open to “Appendix E”. Each has a volume before her,
text: and is looking from the Appendix to her book, searching for
dialog: the corresponding page.
speaker_heading: ROEMER
dialog: Get this: there’s a law that we’re
dialog: not allowed to fly military cargo
dialog: planes?
speaker_heading: BURTON
dialog: Why would you want to?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That’s not the point. We should be
dialog: allowed.
speaker_heading: ROEMER
dialog: You really think you can change all
dialog: these laws?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: That’s the plan.
text: The FRONT DOOR opens, and Martin enters. Dry cleaning over
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ruth are you ready? Curtain’s up in
dialog: forty minutes. It’d be nice to get
dialog: there on time.
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: For a change.
text: He enters the DINING ROOM.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: The Government's brief came. ...
dialog: Look who's listed as co-author.
text: She passes it to him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I had heard Griswold was trying to
dialog: recruit Brown to the DOJ. I guess
dialog: it worked. ... How does it look?
speaker_heading: BURTON
dialog: Check out Appendix E.
text: Martin gives her a look: Who are you? ... But obliges.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It’s every federal law that
dialog: discriminates on the basis of sex.
dialog: We’re looking them all up.
dialog: Martin exhales: The scope of it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Pass me one of those volumes.
text: Ruth smiles as Martin joins the unorthodox team at the table.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: How in the world did they manage
dialog: all this?
scene_heading: INT. GRISWOLD'S SUBURBAN HOME - LIBRARY - MAGIC HOUR
text: A formal room. Out the window, the first hints of spring.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79
text: James Bozarth stands before A PULL-DOWN SCREEN in a formal,
text: wood-panelled “library.” Amidst a team of young DOJ LAWYERS.
text: PROJECTED ON SCREEN: JUDGE DAUGHERTY (57, close-cropped hair
dialog: and perfect posture).
text: OFF TO THE SIDE: Harriet Griswold (67 now and ina
text: wheelchair) is supervising a MAID preparing tea service.
text: ON A COUCH before Bozarth are Griswold and Brown.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: So you're confident Daugherty will
dialog: see it our way.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: Based on reading all of his
dialog: opinions. Yes. And so will
dialog: Holloway.
text: Bozarth uses his clicker. JUDGE HOLLOWAY (48, a kindly smile)
text: appears on the screen.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: But the final judge, Doyle...
text: Bozarth puts up DOYLE’s picture (60, a shock of white hair).
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s a tougher nut to crack.
text: Griswold shoots Brown a warning look.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: That’s unacceptable.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: We need an unanimous verdict out of
dialog: the Tenth Circuit, James.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: I don’t intend to risk so-called
dialog: gender discrimination going before
dialog: the Supreme Court.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: Yes... Yes, sir. I understand.
text: Harriet can see he’s nervous. And sympathizes...
scene_heading: HARRIET GRISWOLD
dialog: What makes this judge so difficult?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: He’s a civil rights crusader,
dialog: Ma’am. Two years ago he ordered
dialog: Denver to bus black students to
dialog: white schools. There was arson,
text: protests, demands for him to quit
dialog: the bench. But even after someone
dialog: threw a bomb at his house, Doyle
dialog: wouldn’t budge.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: In that case he was enforcing the
text: law. The Ginsburgs are asking him
dialog: to MAKE law. We need to drive home
dialog: the difference.
dialog: Brown considerd Griswold’s challenge... And offers a path:
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (to Bozarth)
dialog: Paint the judges a picture of the
dialog: America that will exist if they
dialog: rule the wrong way. Children
text: running home from school to find...
text: No one’s there. Mommy’s at the
text: office. Or on a factory floor.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: That's very good, Ernie. If a man
dialog: and woman vie for the same job, she
dialog: can work for less. What is a man
dialog: without a paycheck to take care of
dialog: his family?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: What woman would want him?
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: (going with their flow)
text: Wages go down. Divorce rates soar.
text: Society unravels.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Exactly! The other side wants this
dialog: to be about the Equal Protection
dialog: Principle. YOU need to show the
dialog: court that what’s really at stake
dialog: is the American family.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: What the judges are deciding is
dialog: what kind of country, what kind of
dialog: society, they want their children
dialog: and grandchildren to grow up in.
speaker_heading: 80A
scene_heading: INT. GRISWOLD’'S SUBURBAN HOME - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Harriet’s atop the bed. Her withered legs sprawled limply
text: across Griswold’s lap. He’s massaging them.
text: She watches him for a beat...
scene_heading: HARRIET GRISWOLD
dialog: Erwin. Did you ever take a
dialog: caregiver deduction on our taxes?
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: I take whatever deductions the law
dialog: says we're entitled to.
text: He can see in her look, she’s not satisfied with his answer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD (CONT’D)
dialog: Harriet...
scene_heading: HARRIET GRISWOLD
dialog: Are you sure you’re doing the right
dialog: thing in this case?
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: What exactly are you concerned
dialog: about?
scene_heading: HARRIET GRISWOLD
dialog: I don’t doubt the law is on your
dialog: side. But I feel sorry for this
dialog: Moritz. Can you imagine coping with
dialog: the burden of my polio if--
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: You have NEVER been a burden to me.
dialog: You have been so productive all
dialog: your life.
scene_heading: HARRIET GRISWOLD
dialog: But I’ve always had help.
text: He knows it. Griswold considers her. After a long beat...
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: I can’t imagine how Charles Moritz
dialog: Manages. It must take remarkable
dialog: fortitude. Really. ... But I don’t
dialog: get to indulge in sentiment. I took
dialog: an oath to protect the constitution
dialog: because it protects the country. I
dialog: can’t let these Ginsburgs attack it
text: piece-by-piece.
scene_heading: HARRIET GRISWOLD
dialog: I don’t envy you.
text: He smiles. And goes back to rubbing her legs.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: You should. I’m a very lucky man.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Martin, in his usual golf shirt and French apron, is cooking
text: IN THE KITCHEN.
text: James is drawing dinosaurs on THE COUNTER BETWEEN THE KITCHEN
text: AND DINING ROOM.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 82
text: IN THE DINING ROOM: Ruth paces. Notes in hand. Practicing...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Sex and race are both unalterable
dialog: biological traits...
text: She's forgetting something. She checks her notes: Of course.
text: IN THE KITCHEN: Martin lifts a flambé pan warming on the
text: stove. And... WHOOSH! He ignites the Calvados inside.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (running into the kitchen)
dialog: Whoa! Cool!
text: Martin pours the flaming liquor over a pan of chicken livers.
text: THE DOORBELL RINGS. As Ruth goes to answer it, Jane finds
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Mom. Can I be on the jury?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: There is no jury in federal appeals
dialog: court. No witnesses, no evidence.
dialog: «+. It’s just you and the judges.
text: She looks to Jane and smiles. Then opens THE FRONT DOOR to
text: GERALD GUNTHER (44). He’s genial, with graying hair and a
text: bald crown. He wears a collared shirt and gray sweater. Ruth
text: is delighted to see him.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Gerry. Jane, you remember my old
dialog: professor, Gerald Gunther.
text: He has a vaguely European accent. As Ruth takes his coat:
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: A little specificity, Mrs.
dialog: Ginsburg. Former professor.
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: Look at you. All grown up.
text: Jane smiles. As he follows them into the DINING ROOM:
speaker_heading: GUNTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello, James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (back to drawing)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What do you think of our courtroom?
text: The place has been transformed into a rough facsimile of a
text: courtroom. The table serves as a judges’ bench. A dictionary
text: lectern, the lawyer’s podium.
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: All it’s missing is Justice holding
dialog: her scales. So, who did Mel find to
dialog: be the third judge?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (intimidated)
dialog: Pauli Murray.
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: He’s not making it easy for you.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Who’s Pauli Murray?
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: Thurgood Marshall himself called
dialog: Pauli’s writings the Bible of the
dialog: Civil Rights Movement.
text: Martin enters, wielding a meat tenderizer.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Gerry. I come bearing your gavel.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - DINING ROOM - LATER
text: Beneath a drawing (by James) of Justice, the moot-court
text: judges sit behind the dining room table.
text: Laid out on the table: sliced baguette, apple, vegetables.
text: And a heaping, garnished platter of chicken liver paté.
text: Gerry BANGS his meat tenderizer gavel.
text: Mel is to his left. Biting into a baguette slice topped with
dialog: paté, he’s impressed.
text: To Gerry’s right is PAULI MURRAY (61) -- a petite, black
text: woman with short hair in tight curls and round glasses. Her
text: grin extenuated by joyous laugh lines.
text: Martin watches from the couch. With Jane.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: Counsel for the appellant, you may
dialog: proceed. Again.
text: Ruth, at the lectern, takes a breath. As the “judges”
dialog: continue to snack.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Your honors and may it please the
dialog: court. Section 214 of the tax code
dialog: covers employed single women who
dialog: care for their dependents. But
dialog: excludes Charles Moritz, a bachelor
dialog: providing--
speaker_heading: PAULI
dialog: My wife stays home to raise our
dialog: children. You’re saying she’s
dialog: oppressed?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No Judge. But as a man, you--
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Stop. Stop.
dialog: (he finishes chewing)
dialog: Never make it about the judge.
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: You don’t think the judge knows
dialog: he’s a man?
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: I don’t think she needs to put him
dialog: on the defensive about it.
speaker_heading: PAULI
dialog: In Brown, we put it out there
dialog: without apology: This. Is. Wrong.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Well, no offense, but Ruth doesn’t
dialog: exactly have Thurgood
dialog: Marshall’s......
speaker_heading: PAULI
dialog: Balls?
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Gravitas.
text: Nothing resolved, the conversation’s over. Ruth shuffles her
text: papers to cover her frustration. Jane gives Martin a worried
text: look. His smile says “Don’t worry.”
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Should I start again?
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Ya think?
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: Whenever you’re ready.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Your honors and may it please the
dialog: court. Section 214 of the tax code
dialog: covers employed single women who
dialog: care for their dependents. But
dialog: excludes Charles Moritz, a bachelor
dialog: providing the same care. There is
dialog: no rational basis for--
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: Why isn’t it rational? Men go out.
dialog: Women stay home. That’s been the
dialog: way of things for thousands of
dialog: years.
text: Ruth takes a breath. Keeps her cool.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Historical justification was also
dialog: used to legitimize the separation
dialog: of the races. Now classification--
speaker_heading: PAULI
dialog: You're saying race and gender are
dialog: the same?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Both are unalterable biological
dialog: traits of--
speaker_heading: PAULI
dialog: This nation struggles to give
dialog: blacks fair representation
dialog: throughout society.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: (to Gunther)
dialog: Would you pass the...
text: Ruth watches Gunther pass the paté.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: PAULI
dialog: (still going)
dialog: ...Are you saying that, if we
dialog: decide in your client’s favor,
dialog: we're committing ourselves to
dialog: working toward half our, I don’t
dialog: know... firemen being women? Half
dialog: our nurses being men?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Why shouldn’t men be nurses? If
dialog: women want to fight fires-—-
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: What about pilots?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Again if women--
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: (chewing)
dialog: Judges?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Generals? CEOs? What about garbage
dialog: men? You wanna be a garbage man?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: And men should be teachers or raise
dialog: children, if they want. Percentages
dialog: aren’t the point.
speaker_heading: MEL RUTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: No. Wrong. Wrong. You’re People should be able to
dialog: screwing it up! pursue their passions and--
text: She holds up the Government’s APPENDIX E:
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you seen the appendix attached
dialog: to their brief? Laws written by men
dialog: who think we're privileged to be
dialog: excused from men’s obligations.
dialog: It’s not a privilege. It’s a cage.
dialog: These laws are the bars.
text: As they all fall silent. Ruth realizes she’s blown it. Mel
text: eyes her smugly...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: (smearing paté onto bread)
dialog: And you're going to take on all of
dialog: them at once, is that it?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You asked the questions.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: That doesn’t mean you answer them,
dialog: Ruth. You’re making the
dialog: government’s case for them.
text: Jane's surprised, and angered, by his tone.
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Either you make this case about one
dialog: man, or you lose. Because to the
dialog: judges, you're not talking about
dialog: women in the abstract. You’re
text: talking about their wives. At home.
text: Baking briskets.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You braise a brisket. You don’t
dialog: bake it.
text: Mel shoots her a look. As Martin chuckles.
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: Perhaps that’s enough, Mel.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: No. I don’t think it is, Gerry.
dialog: (to Ruth)
dialog: Mel bites
dialog: Since you were a girl, you’ve been
dialog: pretty and smart as a whip. But
dialog: you're coming off as some bitter,
dialog: unlikable shrew I don’t recognize.
dialog: And let me tell you: if that’s who
dialog: shows up in Denver, Ruth, you’1l
dialog: blow it. And would it kill you to
dialog: smile?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: That's your sage advice: ignore the
dialog: judges and smile?
text: into the bread. With his mouth full:
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: But I will say your paté is the
dialog: best I’ve ever tasted.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 88
text: Ruth’s look says, Choke on it.
text: Martin rises and approaches Ruth. Gently. Supportive.
dialog: An excellent teacher, he talks just to her...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You could evade.
dialog: (modelling)
dialog: “Do you think women should be
dialog: firefighters?” ... I’ve never
dialog: considered it. Because my client
dialog: isn’t a firefighter.
text: Jane's watching. Martin’s “teaching” Ruth, but without
text: condescension. Wanting only her success. Ruth listens. With
text: trust and affection. It’s intimate... And Jane is affected.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Or refocus. With respect, Judge.
dialog: This case isn’t about firemen; it’s
dialog: about taxpayers. And there is
dialog: nothing inherently masculine about
dialog: paying taxes.
text: Mel looks up. That’s not bad. He shares a look with Gunther
dialog: and Pauli.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Or crack a joke. Your honor, no one
dialog: who's raised children could be
text: intimidated by a burning building.
dialog: Then lead them back to your case.
dialog: Ruth looks to Martin: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Marty. You should do the oral
dialog: argument.
text: It lands like a grenade...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No. No way. I was just... Ruth is
dialog: the expert in gender law.
speaker_heading: GUNTHER
dialog: At least half this case is tax.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: The most important thing is that
text: Charles Moritz wins.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I said no. Drop it, Mel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 89
text: A beat of silence. As Ruth crumbles...
speaker_heading: PAULI
dialog: They could split the time. Martin
text: goes first, focuses the argument on
text: tax. Then Ruth steps in to talk
dialog: about gender.
text: Her tone is so even. Her solution, so reasonable. Her affect,
text: so definitive. It’s clear they agree.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - FRONT HALL - LATER
text: The ‘Judges’ are getting ready to leave. As Ruth chats with
text: Gunther and Pauli, Martin sidles up to Mel. Quietly. Angrily.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: There is no aspect of the law at
text: which Ruth Ginsburg can be bested.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Objection noted, counselor. She’s
text: still arguing half.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don’t know how things work at the
dialog: ACLU. But if anyone at my firm
dialog: couldn’t see that, he’d be fired.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: She's written a revolutionary
text: argument. But brief writing is an
dialog: academic’s job. Oral arguments
dialog: require a lawyer who commands a
dialog: judge's respect. A real appellate
dialog: lawyer.
text: Mel turns away -- suddenly cheerful. Leaving Martin to stew.
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I think this was a very
dialog: productive exercise. I have to get
dialog: to a fundraiser. Pauli. Gerry. Are
dialog: you headed downtown?
dialog: They all leave...
text: When the door closes, Martin looks to Ruth. And waits for her
dialog: to speak first...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You have such a light touch. It’s
dialog: effortless for you, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 89A
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mel was goading you. He wanted you
text: to feel overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Of course he was. He’s a relentless
dialog: prick. But that doesn’t change the
dialog: fact that I’m not ready.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: But that’s not your fault. You’ve
dialog: never even done this before.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Is that what I’m supposed to tell
dialog: our client when I blow it in court?
text: She's already walking away:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: To figure out every question those
dialog: judges can possibly ask me. I’m
dialog: going to have answers for all of
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. RUTGERS LAW SCHOOL - RUTH’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Time has passed. Ruth is selectively packing books, journals,
text: notes into a box.
text: Millicent enters -- with another book in hand.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Do you want “Theories in Public
dialog: Taxation” with you in Denver?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Who needs a tax reference? I have
dialog: Marty.
text: IN THE ATTACHED OUTER OFFICE, MILLICENT’S PHONE RINGS. As she
text: heads out and Ruth resumes packing:
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you pack the Kirk v
dialog: Commissioner briefs?
speaker_heading: MILLICENT
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (answering the phone)
dialog: Rutgers Law.
text: She covers the mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 90A
speaker_heading: MILLICENT (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s Mel Wulf for you.
text: Ruth waves her off.
speaker_heading: MILLICENT (CONT’D)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: I’m sorry, Mr.--
dialog: (to Ruth)
dialog: He says it’s urgent.
text: OFF RUTH: Hearing her.
scene_heading: EXT. ACLU’S OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: ESTABLISH: Spring. The city is in bloom.
text: Ruth and James come out of THE SUBWAY, and head for the
dialog: entrance.
scene_heading: INT. ACLU RECEPTION AREA - DAY
text: Ruth’s kneeling before James. He’s seated, swinging his legs.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Now just wait here. And I need you
dialog: to be patient, okay? Don’t get up.
dialog: Don’t wander off. And don’t touch
dialog: anything. Do you understand?
text: Ruth notes the Receptionist, who’s watching them skeptically.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: That nice lady is going to keep an
dialog: eye on you. And if you get bored...
text: She scans the area. Then grabs a “Prisoners’ Rights” pamphlet
text: off a nearby table.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Read this.
dialog: 91
scene_heading: INT. ACLU CORRIDOR / MEL WULF’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Follow Ruth as she enters -- without knocking:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What was so important?
text: Mel’s on the phone. Before him is another lawyer. 43; ina
text: tweed suit; with a gentle, aw-shucks demeanor: ALLEN DERR.
text: Mel gestures for Ruth to sit beside Allen. Who half-rises,
text: and offers a handshake:
speaker_heading: ALLEN DERR
dialog: I’m excited to work with you.
text: Mel SHUSHES him. As Ruth sits -- unsure what’s going on.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I understand. ... Yeah, she just
dialog: walked in. ... And to you.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. Ruth Ginsburg. Allen Derr.
speaker_heading: ALLEN DERR
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: The Supreme Court announced this
dialog: morning that they’1l hear Reed v
dialog: Reed on appeal from the Idaho
dialog: Supreme Court.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: That’s fantastic.
speaker_heading: ALLEN DERR
text: Mrs. Reed is very excited for the
dialog: opportunity.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Allen is Sally Reed’s lawyer.
text: Ruth is surprised -- pleasantly.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Is the ACLU going to help?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: You told me it was the right thing
dialog: to do.
speaker_heading: ALLEN DERR
dialog: Mel says you know this area of the
dialog: law better than anyone.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: You’re our secret weapon, Ruth.
text: Ruth is shocked... Honored... Amazed:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You want me...? In the Supreme
dialog: Court?
text: Mel can see she thinks she’s being asked to argue the case:
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: I assured Allen you’d be eager to
dialog: help him write his brief.
text: She swallows her disappointment.
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: You can basically just take the
dialog: Moritz brief and change the
dialog: pronouns around, isn’t that right?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It’s a bit more involved than that.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: I was kidding. We'll get working
dialog: right away.
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Allen. Enjoy the city. You should
dialog: catch a show.
speaker_heading: ALLEN DERR
dialog: Oh! Well, thank you.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Kiki and I have some other things
dialog: to discuss.
speaker_heading: ALLEN DERR
dialog: Of course! I’1l be out of your way.
dialog: (gathering his belongings)
dialog: It was a pleasure, Ruth -- or Kiki!
dialog: Goodbye, Mel. ...... Bye. Oh!
dialog: (he remembers his hat)
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 93
text: And he’s gone. Mel’s smile drops.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: What a schmuck.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Let me argue Reed in Court.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Give me a break, Ruth.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I am no less experienced in Federal
dialog: Court than Allen Derr. If you’re
dialog: gonna use MY arguments--
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: He’s been Sally Reed’s lawyer for
dialog: three years. She trusts him. She
dialog: wouldn’t even let ME plead the
dialog: case. Now would you just listen for
dialog: a second?
dialog: She does.
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Ernie Brown called earlier. In
dialog: light of Reed going to the Supreme
dialog: Court, the government is offering
dialog: to settle Moritz’s case for a
dialog: dollar.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (getting it)
text: Reed ups the profile of our case.
dialog: They're getting nervous.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: I told him to expect you in D.C. on
dialog: Monday to sign the paperwork.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Why would you--? Charlie won’t want
dialog: to settle.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Convince him.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I will not. First you took half the
dialog: argument away from me...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Nobody took anything from you,
dialog: Ruth. You weren't robbed in the
dialog: night. I gave you this opportunity
dialog: for the good of the cause...
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D) RUTH
dialog: ...not for your own personal You think you gave this to
dialog: glory. me?!
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: In fact I did. Jesus Ruth, get your
text: emotions in check.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You first.
dialog: They stay that way. Eye to eye. Until...
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Allen's going to argue in the
dialog: Supreme Court that times have
dialog: changed. We can’t afford the 10th
dialog: Circuit ruling that they haven’t.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Nothing would strengthen the
dialog: argument more than the Appeals
dialog: Court deciding for Charlie.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Yes. That would be very nice. But
dialog: here in the real world--
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You think I can’t be persuasive.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Ruth, I’ve never been more certain
dialog: of anything in my life.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You don’t get to tell me when to
dialog: quit.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: You asked for my support. I put my
dialog: neck out for you. And you couldn’t
dialog: even get through a moot court
dialog: without embarrassing yourself.
dialog: You’1l lose Ruth! And when you do,
dialog: it’ll set back the women’s movement
dialog: by a decade or more.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: We're dodging a bullet here. Are
dialog: you really the only one who can’t
dialog: see that?
text: A strained and silent beat. Before...
text: Mel pulls a stack of documents from his desk drawer.
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: These are Allen’s briefs from his
dialog: previous appeals. Tie them into the
dialog: framework of the Moritz brief. I’1l
dialog: review it when you’re done.
text: Eyeing him coldly, Ruth doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a Supreme Court brief. .... I
dialog: can assign it to someone else, if
dialog: that’s what you’d prefer.
text: She hesitates. Then takes them from the desk. As she leaves:
speaker_heading: MEL (CONT'D)
dialog: And Ruth, the sooner you call
dialog: Charlie the better.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: As Ruth pours coffee, Martin is watching her.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You know I had this idea...
text: She trails off.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What was it?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It doesn’t matter. ... Thank you
dialog: for working so hard on this. I know
dialog: you had paying clients to worry
dialog: about, too.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What were you going to say?
text: She hesitates a beat. Then admits it -- the scope of her
dialog: ambition:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 95A
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: We could have taken Appendix E from
dialog: the Government’s brief, that entire
dialog: comprehensive list of laws that
dialog: differentiate between the sexes,
dialog: and turn it into our own hit list.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: We could have started a special
dialog: project at the ACLU to go after
dialog: those laws one-by-one -- in the
dialog: legislature, in the courts. Until
dialog: women and men were genuinely equal
dialog: under the law.
text: She laughs at her own naiveté.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. And I’ve been running around
dialog: claiming things have changed.
text: She leaves. OFF MARTIN: Who doesn’t know how to help her.
scene_heading: INT. GINSBURG APARTMENT - BEDROOM - LATER
text: At her desk. OPERA on the radio. Her mother’s portrait
text: watching her. Ruth takes a long, slow sip of coffee.
text: Then gets to work taking down the note cards and clippings
text: still tacked to the wall... One by one.
text: Jane approaches. But hesitates in the doorway. Watching...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Daddy told me about the case. Why’s
dialog: Mr. Wulf being such a douchebag?
text: Ruth’s displeased with the language. But lets it go.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: He thinks I’m going to lose.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Seriously? I can tell you from
dialog: experience: no way, Jose.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: He didn’t exactly give me a choice.
dialog: Jane considers is...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: So do you want help taking apart
dialog: your life’s work, or is that
dialog: something you’d rather do alone?
text: They share a look -- and really SEE each other.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I know that this case... That I
dialog: disrupted our lives. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: For what? Doing your job? That’s
dialog: how men WANT us to feel. ... Mom,
dialog: who was this for, if not me?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. MORITZ’S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Moritz cradles the phone to his ear with his shoulder. He’s
text: cleaning up His Mother’s lunch off the television tray.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: So you did it? ... We won. Ruth.
dialog: Congratulations. ... And they’1l
dialog: say it, right? That I’m not a
dialog: cheater. That the law is unfair.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No, Charlie. That’s the point. They
dialog: don’t want to... They will never
dialog: say that. A judge has to.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: But if they don’t say it, Ruth...
dialog: how have I gotten justice?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: You get the money.
text: Moritz considers this. And it doesn’t sit right.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: What about everyone else? When you
dialog: came to see me, you said--
text: Ruth knows Jane is listening, and is sad to say it, but...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: That’s for another day.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: But could we win?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: We could.
dialog: (looking at Jane)
dialog: And the impact would last
dialog: generations. But in the end, you
dialog: may walk away with nothing. ...
dialog: Charlie. The ACLU feels it’s for
dialog: the best if you take the offer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: ... But you’re my lawyer, Ruth.
dialog: What do you think?
text: Off Ruth: with a decision to make.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. DOJ - BROWN’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Brown opens the door to Ruth. He takes her hand. Warmly.
text: She's mildly surprised to see Griswold behind him.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Ruth.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Hello, Professor Brown. Dean
dialog: Griswold.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: (as they shake hands)
dialog: Mrs. Ginsburg. I’m pleased you
dialog: found a use for your Harvard
dialog: Education.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Oh, no. What I’m doing, I learned
dialog: at Columbia.
text: He sizes her up for an awkward beat... Until Brown steps in.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Ruth was always my most thoroughly
dialog: prepared student. So much to prove.
dialog: These days the girls are as
text: hopeless as the men.
dialog: (offering her a seat)
dialog: How’s little Jane?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Not so little. And we have another.
dialog: James.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: They must keep you busy.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes. Both of us.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Ernie has your paperwork ready.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: My client was very excited about
dialog: your offer.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Good. Good.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: He did, however, have some
dialog: conditions.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Conditions...? What kind of...?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: First of all. He’d like you to
dialog: forgive a hundred percent of the
dialog: money. None of this one dollar
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Ha. Well... I’m sure we can find a
dialog: way to arrange that.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: And he'd like the government to
dialog: concede that he did nothing wrong.
dialog: And to enter into the court record
dialog: that Section 214 of the Tax Code
dialog: discriminates on the basis of sex.
dialog: And is therefore unconstitutional.
text: Griswold and Brown’s smiles drop.
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: I can’t agree to that. And you know
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Does Mel Wulf know about this?
text: It’s in Ruth’s look: she’s completely in control. Brown
text: glances to Griswold -- who’s eyeing Ruth coldly.
speaker_heading: BROWN (CONT'D)
dialog: (menacing)
dialog: We'll see you in court.
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. THE BROWN PALACE - DAY
text: A grand, brownstone hotel -- a wedge between two of Denver's
text: broad boulevards. On a bright, cool autumn day.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - DAY
text: IT’S THE SAME SCENE THAT OPENED THE MOVIE:
text: Concealer, lipstick, mascara on the counter. RUTH BADER
text: GINSBURG (36) is applying blush. When she’s finished, she
text: considers her reflection. She puts on A GOLD, SUNBURST PIN.
text: And tries a smile. ... But it looks forced. She drops it.
text: A breath. And she tries again. A different smile. And...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: May it please the court.
text: Not right yet. A smile. And...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Your honors and may it please the
dialog: court...
dialog: That’s not it either...
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: May it please the court.
text: She looks herself in the eye one more time.
text: KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK... Ruth opens the door. It’s Jane.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Dad says, Justice delayed is
dialog: justice denied.
scene_heading: EXT. 10TH CIRCUIT COURTHOUSE - FRONT STEPS - DAY
text: Early fall. A Denver Cab parks across the street from the
text: building’s neoclassical facade. Ruth, Martin, Mel and Jane
text: all get out.
text: Ruth stares at the court. Frozen. Awed. ... Martin sees her:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You're ready for this. You’ve been
dialog: ready for as long as I’ve known
dialog: you. Just let the judges see the
dialog: Ruth Ginsburg I know.
text: As they cross the street, a black town car pulls up. And DOJ
text: Lawyers step out. With Bozarth and Brown. ... Brown spies
text: Martin and approaches. As Ruth continues up the stairs.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Professor Brown.
text: Brown clasps Martin by the hand. Another hand on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: It’s good to see you Marty.
text: He looks over at Ruth -- still collecting herself...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: She's getting psyched up.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Ah...
dialog: (pointing the way)
dialog: After you.
dialog: 102
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Ruth, Jane and Mel enter between gray, marble pillars. A
text: chandelier casts the JUDGE’S BENCH in warm light. Over it, a
dialog: clock and an adage: Reason is the Soul of All Law.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: (skeptically)
dialog: Well... Here we are.
text: A small CROWD loiters amid the pews IN THE GALLERY. From
text: among them, Moritz approaches.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: Good morning.
dialog: (to Mel)
dialog: Mr. Ginsburg?
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Uh... Um. No. Mel Wulf. ACLU.
text: Jane chuckles. As Martin arrives.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mr. Moritz, that’s me. I’m Mr. Ruth
dialog: Bader Ginsburg. It’s nice to
dialog: finally meet you.
text: They shake. Moritz looks warily toward Bozarth and Brown at
text: THE APPELLEE'S TABLE. As the Court Clerk puffs his chest.
speaker_heading: COURT CLERK
dialog: All rise. The United States Court
dialog: of Appeals for the 10th Circuit is
dialog: now in session. Judges Doyle,
text: Holloway, and Daugherty presiding.
text: Martin and Ruth find their place at the APPELLANT'S TABLE.
text: The Judges enter from behind the velvet curtain beyond THE
text: JUDGES’ BENCH. Each takes a seat behind his name plate.
text: In THE GALLERY, Mel and Jane flank Moritz. Jane reminds him
dialog: to remain standing.
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: Be seated.
text: Martin and Ruth share a glance as they sit. At THE APPELLEE'S
text: TABLE across the aisle, Brown catches Bozarth eyeing them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: You have a century of case law on
dialog: your side. Just do your job.
text: Holloway flips through a couple papers on his desk.
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: The first case is docket number 71-
dialog: 1127. Charles Moritz v Commissioner
dialog: of Internal Revenue. Each side will
dialog: have 30 minutes to present. When
text: two minutes remain, the Court Clerk
dialog: will rise to give warning. When
dialog: your time is up, he will sit.
text: He looks over at Martin and Ruth, seated together before him.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Counsel for the appellant. Mr.
dialog: Ginsburg, you may proceed.
text: It begins.
text: Martin and Ruth look to one another. Then Martin takes his
text: place AT THE LECTERN, checking the time on the clock
text: overhead. 9:00 AM.
text: IN THE GALLERY, Moritz sits taller. Smiles nervously to Jane.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Your Honors and may it please the
dialog: court. We’re going to demonstrate
dialog: that Section 214 of the tax code
dialog: discriminates against our client --
dialog: Charles Moritz -- because he is a
dialog: man.
text: FROM THE BENCH the Judges settle in. Interested. And engaged.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - 9:13 AM
text: ON THE BENCH, Judge Holloway remains polite. Thoughtful.
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: Congress assumed that a caregiver
dialog: is most likely a woman. Is that so
dialog: unreasonable?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: If the law said all caregivers can
dialog: claim a deduction.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: And in the back of their minds the
dialog: authors thought, well, this will
dialog: only apply to women, that would be
dialog: an assumption. But they did more
dialog: than that, Judge. They explicitly
dialog: listed who counts as a caregiver.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: As is their prerogative.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I doubt you’d turn a blind eye if
dialog: the code said that only white
dialog: caregivers--—
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: That's hardly the same thing.
text: Martin checks the clock. 9:14:40
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Respectfully we disagree. But I’1l
dialog: turn it over to my co-counsel to
dialog: address the constitutional--
text: Ruth begins to get up.
scene_heading: JUDGE DAUGHERTY
dialog: You're telling us that race and
dialog: gender are the same?
text: Ruth is stuck, mid-rise. Watching Daugherty.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Your honor, my co-counsel--
scene_heading: JUDGE DAUGHTERTY
dialog: Yes. Yes. We'll get to her ina
dialog: minute. But I'd appreciate an
dialog: answer to my question.
text: Ruth sinks back into her seat. And Martin is caught looking
text: back and forth between her and Daugherty. She urges him on
dialog: with her eyes: Get out of there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 105
scene_heading: JUDGE DAUGHERTY
dialog: In order for a law to discriminate,
dialog: it must distinguish between groups
dialog: arbitrarily. Is that correct?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Again. Your Honor. My co-counsel--
scene_heading: JUDGE DAUGHERTY
dialog: Mister Ginsburg. I have asked you.
text: Martin looks to Ruth. An apology. He has no choice...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It must be arbitrary. Yes. And this
text: law is. Mr. Moritz is a man who has
dialog: never been married. That may
dialog: suggest he is less likely to have
dialog: child-care responsibilities. But
dialog: not parent-care responsibilities.
dialog: Had he been a woman--
text: Judge Doyle cocks a skeptical eyebrow.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: And to your mind, classifications
dialog: of this sort must always be
dialog: discriminatory?
text: AT APPELLEE'S TABLE, Brown leans close to Bozarth.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: There’s some help. He’s asking him
dialog: to make a broad categorical claim.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I can’t speak to always, Judge
dialog: Doyle. We can only speak of this
dialog: man. In this case.
text: IN THE GALLERY, Mel lets out a breath. Martin nailed it.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: Very well.
text: He takes a note on the brief before him. As Martin moves away
speaker_heading: from the LECTERN.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: Then speak of him.
text: The COURTROOM chuckles. Especially Brown. In the ruckus,
text: Martin turns to check on Ruth. She’s staring at her notes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Again. The distinction between Mr.
dialog: Moritz and other caregivers is, in
text: Judge Daugherty’s words, arbitrary.
dialog: (hurriedly)
dialog: I cede the remainder of the time to
dialog: my co-counsel.
text: Ruth looks up. Realizing she’s on. As Martin gathers his
text: papers and flees the LECTERN.
text: As he passes, he eyes Ruth: What could I do? Martin sits at
text: the APPELLANT'S TABLE. As Ruth approaches the lectern.
text: FROM THE BENCH, the Judges eye her skeptically.
text: She adjusts the microphone down. To Doyle’s amusement.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Your Honors...
text: She watches them. Looking down on her. And falls silent. She
text: cannot see Martin urging her on with his eyes.
text: IN THE GALLERY, Mel sits forward. Nervous. Moritz notices.
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: Whenever you’re ready, Professor
dialog: Ginsburg.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: ++. Your Honors and may it please
dialog: the court. Section 214 denies Mr.
dialog: Moritz a caregiver tax deduction
dialog: available to similarly situated
dialog: women who--
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: We've been through all that. Mrs.
dialog: Ginsburg. You are aware that the
dialog: government has three co-equal
dialog: branches?
text: She watches. Expecting him to continue.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Mrs. Ginsburg?
text: It dawns on her. He actually expects an answer.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes. Of course, Judge.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: And that it is the Congress’s role
dialog: to write law.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Your Honor, I understand how
dialog: government works.
text: Holloway lifts his eyebrows, unaccustomed to being addressed
dialog: impatiently.
scene_heading: IN THE GALLERY:
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Take it easy, Ruth.
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: Well sometimes a law -- even a good
dialog: law, even a law that is legal under
dialog: the constitution -- may not be good
dialog: for every individual it affects.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: I have a question. If I understand
dialog: correctly, you’re concerned about
text: men and women being pigeon-holed
dialog: into certain roles based on gender.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes. That’s correct. Because --
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: Excuse me. That wasn’t my question.
dialog: (Ruth grimaces)
dialog: It strikes me that the caregiver
dialog: deduction does the opposite. It
dialog: helps women be able to work outside
dialog: the home. Isn’t that a good thing?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: But the law assumes it must be
dialog: women who are supposed to stay at
text: home in the first place.
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: That’s the case in every family I
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: So it’s the assumption that’s the
dialog: problem?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 108
scene_heading: JUDGE DAUGHERTY
dialog: Then when can a law differentiate
dialog: on the basis of sex? Never?
text: Ruth stares up at Daugherty for a beat. Catching up.
text: IN THE GALLERY: Moritz glances at Jane biting her fingernail
text: nervously. Then back at Ruth.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: When the classification is
dialog: rationally related to the law.
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: Keeping women out of combat, for
dialog: example.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’m not sure whether I agree with
dialog: that example, but--
text: IN THE GALLERY: Mel closes his eyes. Exasperated.
scene_heading: JUDGE DAUGHERTY
dialog: So you think women belong on the
dialog: front lines now, too?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: No. That’s not what...
text: Ruth takes a deep breath. Composing herself.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Gender. Like Race. Is a biological,
dialog: unalterable trait. There is nothing
dialog: that women are inherently better at
dialog: than men. Nor vice versa.
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: Growing a beard?
text: The GALLERY laughs. And Holloway appreciates the attention.
text: As Ruth grows visually frustrated.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: That isn’t--
scene_heading: JUDGE DAUGHERTY
dialog: Lactation.
text: More laughter. AT THE APPELLEE’S TABLE: Brown and Bozarth
text: share a satisfied grin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (bursting)
dialog: No thinking person can possibly
dialog: believe Charles Moritz’s gender
dialog: relates to his ability to--
text: Her hand strikes the microphone. And it SQUEALS. Leaving the
text: courtroom dauntingly quiet in the wake of her outburst.
text: IN THE GALLERY: Mel drops his head. Defeated.
text: AT THE APPELLANT’S TABLE: Even Martin looks away.
text: Ruth knows she’s blown it.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: Why can’t we? Mrs. Ginsburg?
text: Staring at the floor, she doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: In most households, aren’t women
dialog: the primary caregivers? Aren’t men
dialog: the breadwinners? ... Aren’t they?
text: She readjusts the microphone.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes, Your Honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: Doesn't that reality suggest that
dialog: it’s the natural order of things?
text: She looks to Martin. Who watches her with deep and tender
text: sadness in his eyes.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Respectfully. Your Honors. I'd like
dialog: to reserve the remainder of my time
dialog: for rebuttal.
text: Slowly. She gathers her papers. And returns to the
text: APPELLANT’S TABLE. Daugherty tosses up his arms.
text: As Ruth sits, Martin leans toward her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (whispering)
text: Good move. It’s not over yet.
text: IN THE GALLERY: Moritz turns to Mel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: I don’t think I followed all that.
dialog: How are we doing?
text: Mel eyes him askance. Are you serious? He mimes an explosion.
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: Mr. Bozarth for the appellee. You
dialog: May proceed.
text: AT THE APPELLEE'S TABLE:
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Don’t let them forget what this
dialog: case is really about, and you'll be
dialog: fine.
text: Bozarth understands. He steps to the LECTERN. 9:27.
scene_heading: JUDGE DAUGHERTY
dialog: Ah. Bozarth. The master of
dialog: citations.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: That's what my family calls me too,
dialog: Judge.
text: Daugherty chuckles.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Your Honors and may it please the
dialog: court. Congress created this tax
dialog: deduction to help caregivers go out
dialog: and work. Caregivers. Folks that,
dialog: if they weren’t working, would stay
dialog: home.
text: Martin focuses his attention on Ruth. Eyes her steadily. As
text: she stares ahead. Maintaining her composure.
text: IN THE GALLERY: Moritz listens intently. One thing about him:
dialog: he could be any man.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Are we meant to believe that this
dialog: man would have the skills or the...
dialog: caregiver's instinct to do that?
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: Why can’t we believe that? Why does
dialog: an unwed woman have that instinct,
dialog: but not an unwed man? Or a WIDOWER
dialog: for that matter?!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: Widowers don’t choose to be
dialog: caregivers, Judge Doyle. It’s
dialog: thrust upon them. As for women...
dialog: It doesn’t take a legal treatise to
dialog: prove what a hundred thousand years
dialog: of human history makes clear.
text: Ruth -- calmly, quietly -- slides her notes across
text: to Martin. ... A flash of relief, as Martin begins
text: them. Preparing for rebuttal.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: And Congress can write the tax code
dialog: to enforce this... natural law?
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: Congress can write any tax code it
dialog: wants. All I’m saying, Judge, is
dialog: that -- given the natural order of
dialog: things -- Mr. Moritz has not
dialog: suffered as a result. But the
dialog: COUNTRY will suffer, if the court
text: doesn’t find for the appellee.
text: AT THE APPELLEE’S TABLE: Brown is impressed by his
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - 9:53
text: STILL AT THE LECTERN: Bozarth is winding down.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: Y'honors, I’m certain there isn’t a
dialog: man amongst us who wouldn’t try to
text: ease his wife’s burdens.
dialog: 111
dialog: the table
dialog: to review
dialog: protege.
text: AT THE APPELLANT’S TABLE: Martin is working on Ruth’s notes.
text: Drawing arrows, jotting down reminders.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: So I don’t see how we can judge
dialog: negatively the members of Congress
dialog: who would do the same. And I’m not
text: alone in that. There is a long and
dialog: honorable tradition in the Courts
dialog: of supporting laws like this one.
text: The Court Clerk rises. 9:54.
text: IN THE GALLERY: It’s clear on Mel’s face: the damage is done.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: I for one would rather see my
text: government err on the side of
dialog: caring too much, of trying too hard
dialog: to help the ladies of this country.
dialog: Rather than be indifferent to their
dialog: unique burdens. Now maybe Mr.
text: Moritz disagrees. Or maybe he
dialog: simply doesn’t like paying taxes.
text: IN THE GALLERY: Moritz looks small. And defeated.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Personally, I don’t believe that.
text: AT THE LECTERN: Bozarth knows he has the Judges’ attention.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: I believe Charles Moritz is a
dialog: victim. Not of his government. But
dialog: of lawyers who used his case to
dialog: achieve their own ends...
text: Ruth looks up at him -- finding him staring at her.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Radical. Social. Change.
text: He lets it sink in. Lets his head nod for emphasis.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: We rest our case on our briefs and
dialog: argument, and ask that the Court
dialog: uphold the Tax Court’s decision.
text: 9:55. The Clerk is still standing.
text: An awed silence follows him. Ruth watches as he takes his
text: seat at the APPELLEE'S TABLE. Brown pats him on the back.
text: AT THE APPELLANT’S TABLE: Martin jots a last note to himself.
text: As Ruth watches Bozarth and Brown. Her mind reeling.
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: Counsel for the appellant. You have
text: four minutes for rebuttal.
text: Ruth looks up toward the BENCH. And sees where the Judges are
text: looking: all eyes are on Martin. He rises. Gathering his
dialog: papers.
text: She looks across the aisle. At the APPELLEE’S TABLE: like
text: he’s still her professor, like she’s still some presumptuous
text: student - Brown stares at her over the frames of his glasses.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 113
text: And she looks back INTO THE GALLERY, where Mel's
text: rocking nervously.
text: Ruth grabs Martin’s arm. He looks down at her. An enduring
text: glance, as she tightens her grip and pulls him back down.
text: IN THE GALLERY: Mel sees it. And knows they’re screwed.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Counsel for the appellant?
text: Martin considers Ruth’s intensity... And grins. THIS is the
text: woman he married. He settles into his chair. Gives a nod...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Counselor.
text: Leaving her notes behind, Ruth approaches THE LECTERN. The
text: Judges share a look.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Radical social change.
text: She half-laughs at it. And looks up to the Judges.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: When I was in law school... there
dialog: was no women’s bathroom.
text: A murmur of LAUGHTER from the gallery. ON THE BENCH: Doyle
text: smiles. Holloway and Daugherty don’t know where she’s going.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s amazing to me now, but we
dialog: never complained. Not because we
dialog: were timid. We were just astounded
dialog: that we were in law school at all.
text: AT THE APPELLEE’S TABLE: Bozarth turns away dismissively -
text: toward Brown. Surprised to find him listening intently.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: A hundred years ago, Myra Bradwell
dialog: wanted to be a lawyer. She had
dialog: fulfilled the requirements for the
dialog: Illinois bar, but wasn’t allowed to
dialog: practice because she was a woman.
dialog: An injustice she asked the Supreme
dialog: Court to correct. Illinois was so
dialog: confident of victory, they didn’t
dialog: even send a lawyer to argue their
dialog: side. They were right. She lost.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114
text: IN THE GALLERY: Mel leans forward. This is a different Ruth.
text: She's confident. Compelling. She’s finally connecting.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: That was the first time someone
dialog: went to court to challenge his or
dialog: her prescribed gender role. A
dialog: hundred years ago. Radical social
dialog: change?
text: She clutches the lectern.
dialog: She
dialog: For
speaker_heading: THE
dialog: She
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Sixty-five years ago. When women in
dialog: Oregon wanted to work overtime, and
dialog: make more money, as men could. The
dialog: Court looked to the precedent in
dialog: Bradwell. And said no. And then
dialog: there were two precedents. Then
text: three. Then four. And on. And on.
dialog: You can draw a direct line from
dialog: Myra Bradwell to Gwendolyn Hoyt -
dialog: told ten years ago she was not
dialog: entitled to a jury of her peers.
text: looks the Judges directly in the eyes.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: That is the legacy the Government
dialog: asks you to uphold today. You are
dialog: being urged to protect the culture
dialog: and traditions and morality of an
dialog: America that no longer exists.
text: Judge Holloway, it’s a sobering thought.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: A generation ago, my students would
dialog: have been arrested for indecency
text: wearing the clothes that they do.
text: GALLERY laughs. Including Jane and Moritz.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Sixty-five years ago, it would have
dialog: been unimaginable that my daughter
dialog: would aspire to a career. And a
dialog: hundred years ago. I would not have
dialog: had the right to stand before you.
text: presses her fingers into the lectern for emphasis...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 9:58.
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: We are not asking you to change the
dialog: country. That’s already happened
dialog: without any Court’s permission. We
dialog: are asking you to protect the right
dialog: of the country to change.
text: The Clerk Rises. Ruth considers him.
scene_heading: IN THE GALLERY:
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Get to the remedy. The remedy.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: There are a hundred and seventy-
dialog: eight federal laws that
dialog: differentiate on the basis of sex.
dialog: Count them. The Government did the
dialog: favor of compiling them for you.
dialog: And while you're at it, I urge you
dialog: to read them. They are obstacles to
dialog: our children’s aspirations.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: You're asking us to overturn nearly
dialog: a century of precedent.
text: She looks him dead in the eye. Without hesitation.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’m asking you to set a new
dialog: precedent. As courts have done
dialog: before when the law is outdated.
dialog: It’s in Martin’s reaction -- that was a good response.
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE
dialog: But in those cases the courts had a
text: clear constitutional handle.
dialog: (to his colleagues)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: JUDGE DOYLE (CONT'D)
text: The word ‘woman’ doesn’t appear
dialog: even once in the U.S. Constitution.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Nor does the word ‘freedom.’ Your
dialog: honor.
text: Doyle looks down on her for a long time. And she returns his
text: gaze -- unflinchingly. Until he leans back. A slight nod.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Our sons and daughters are barred
dialog: by law from opportunities based on
dialog: assumptions about their abilities.
dialog: How will they ever disprove these
dialog: assumptions, if laws like Section
dialog: 214 are allowed to stand?
text: FROM THE APPELLANT'S TABLE Martin watches the Clerk, watching
text: the clock. 9:59:30.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: That is why we must take these laws
dialog: on. One-by-one. For as long as it
dialog: takes. For their sakes.
text: IN THE GALLERY: Jane smiles. Mel is anxious: C’mon. C’mon.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: And you have the power to set the
dialog: precedent that will get us started.
dialog: You can right this wrong, by--
text: The Clerk sits. 10:00. And Ruth watches him. Her jaw
text: clenched. Willing him to stand. As Mel exhales a long,
text: distressing breath.
scene_heading: JUDGE HOLLOWAY
dialog: Go on. Professor Ginsburg.
text: Ruth looks to him. His gentle eyes urging her on avuncularly.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: The principle purpose of Section
dialog: 214 is not to protect women nor to
dialog: discriminate against men. It is to
dialog: provide caregivers the opportunity
dialog: to work outside the home. Therefore
dialog: -- as the Supreme Court did in Levy
dialog: v Louisiana -- this court should
dialog: fix the law in the way most in line
dialog: with the legislative intent. Extend
dialog: the deduction to never-married men.
dialog: Help all caregivers equally.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 117
text: She should be done. She knows that. But she lets herself
text: linger a moment more. And no one stops her.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Our client, Charles Moritz, was
dialog: well raised to be the sort of man
dialog: we should all hope our sons will
dialog: become. He deserves our admiration.
dialog: Not only has he accepted the burden
dialog: of caring for his... very strong-
dialog: willed mother -- when no one would
dialog: expect it of him.
text: The courtroom appreciates her diplomacy.
speaker_heading: RUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: But in doing so, he has surpassed
dialog: the limitations the rest of us --
dialog: and our laws -- try to force upon
dialog: him. We rest our case on our briefs
dialog: and argument, and ask that you
dialog: reverse the Tax Court’s decision.
text: The room is silent as Ruth returns to her seat...
scene_heading: INT. 10TH CIRCUIT COURTHOUSE - ROTUNDA - DAY
text: Amongst the milling crowd, Bozarth and Brown exit the
dialog: courtroom.
speaker_heading: BOZARTH
dialog: I'd say it’s clear we had the
dialog: stronger legal footing.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Perhaps.
text: He eyes Ruth, Martin, Jane, Moritz -- ACROSS THE ROOM:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: What happens now?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: They’1l issue an opinion in a few
dialog: months. For now, we wait.
dialog: 118
text: Mel comes running up. Embraces Ruth. Her smile beams.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Kiki. That was perfect. Perfect.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: We don’t even know who won.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: It doesn’t matter, Ruth. It was
dialog: right.
dialog: She's moved by the sentiment...
dialog: It’s as much a question as a promise:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: This is just the beginning.
text: With a look, he agrees.
text: Then he eyes the government lawyers headed out,
text: playful air. Bounding off:
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: I’m going to gloat.
speaker_heading: MORITZ
dialog: Martin. Thank you. ... Jane.
dialog: (as they embrace: )
dialog: Ruth.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I’1l be in touch.
text: As he walks off, Martin turns to Ruth. And they
text: Letting it linger.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You did it.
dialog: and gets a
dialog: kiss...
text: Quietly, Ruth takes his hand... And Jane’s as well. As they
dialog: head off together:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: We did it.
dialog: 119
scene_heading: EXT. U.S. SUPREME COURT - DAY
text: ESTABLISH: The United States’s temple to the rule of law.
text: Bag over her shoulder, Ruth approaches the broad front steps.
text: Where men in suits loiter, talking in close huddles.
scene_heading: SUPER: TWO WEEKS LATER -- UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT
speaker_heading: CHIEF JUSTICE BURGER (V.O.)
dialog: Our first case is docket number 70-
dialog: 4, Reed v Reed -- on appeal from
dialog: the Supreme Court of Idaho.
text: Among the men, Ruth spots Erwin Griswold. And stops short.
speaker_heading: CHIEF JUSTICE BURGER (V.O. -- CONT’D)
dialog: Counsel for the appellant. Mr.
dialog: Derr, you may proceed.
text: When Griswold notices her, Ruth holds his gaze. A beat -- as
dialog: they size each other up...
text: Griswold approaches her. And Ruth prepares for it...
speaker_heading: GRISWOLD
dialog: Mrs. Ginsburg...
text: He proffers his hand. Moved, she accepts it. And they shake.
speaker_heading: DERR (V.O.)
dialog: Mr. Chief Justice and may it please
dialog: the Court. One hundred years ago,
dialog: Myra Bradwell wanted to be a
dialog: lawyer...
scene_heading: AS RUTH’S WORDS CONTINUE AND SLOWLY FADE:
text: She climbs the Supreme Court steps. NOT with wide-eyed awe
text: this time. WITH CONFIDENCE. Ruth is a woman who knows exactly
text: where she’s going. She’s determined. Resolute. And unafraid.
dialog: Becoming...
scene_heading: THE REAL RUTH BADER GINSBURG (84), Associate Justice of the
text: U.S. Supreme Court. Taking her younger self’s place, ina
text: matching, contemporary outfit, she ascends the final steps.
text: Fully the woman she set out to be.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BLACK.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 119A
dialog: SUPER: Moritz v Commissioner and Reed v Reed were the first
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 120
dialog: U.S. federal cases to find laws unconstitutional for
dialog: discriminating on the basis of sex.
text: SUPER: As Director of the ACLU’s Women’s Rights Project, Ruth
dialog: Bader Ginsburg became the leading gender rights lawyer of her
dialog: generation, winning several landmark cases before the U.S.
dialog: Supreme Court.
dialog: SUPER: Martin Ginsburg became one of America’s preeminent tax
dialog: attorneys and a beloved professor at Georgetown University
dialog: Law Center.
text: He died of cancer in 2010, a few days after he and Ruth’s
dialog: fifty-sixth wedding anniversary.
dialog: SUPER: On June 14, 1993, President Bill Clinton nominated
text: Ruth Bader Ginsburg to the U.S. Supreme Court.
dialog: The Senate confirmed her nomination: 96-3.
dialog: 
