dialog: 
dialog: <!--
dialog: if (window!= top)
dialog: top.location.href=location.href
dialog: // -->
text: ON THE WATERFRONT by Budd Schulberg
text: ON THE WATERFRONT
dialog: by Budd Schulberg
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT—ESTABLISHING SHOT—WATERFRONT—NIGHT
text: Shooting toward a small building (Hoboken Yacht Club) set upon a wharf
text: floating about twenty-five yards off shore. A long, narrow gangplank
text: leads from the wharf to the shore, and on either side of the wharf are
text: large ocean liners which are being unloaded by arc light. In the B.G.
text: is the glittering New York skyline. A great liner, blazing with light,
text: is headed down river. A ferry chugs across to Manhattan. There is a
text: counterpoint of ships' whistles, some shrill, others hauntingly muted.
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT—SMALL BUILDING—ON WHARF—NIGHT
dialog: It is the office of the longshoremen's local for this section of
text: waterfront. Coming along the gangplank toward the shore is an isolated
text: figure. He is TERRY MALLOY, a wiry, jaunty, waterfront hanger-on in his
text: late twenties. He wears a turtleneck sweater, a windbreaker and a cap.
text: He whistles a familiar Irish song.
text: A SERIES OF WALKING SHOTS—TERRY MALLOY—WATERFRONT—NIGHT
text: Reaching the shore and turning away from the union office. Passing the
text: burned-out piers.
text: Turning up a waterfront tenement street lit by a dim street lamp that
text: throws an eerie beam. He is holding something inside his jacket but we
dialog: cannot see what it is.
text: NOTE: MAIN TITLES TO BE SUPERIMPOSED OVER THIS SERIES OF SHOTS
scene_heading: EXT—WATERFRONT STREET—NIGHT
text: Terry walks along until he reaches an ancient tenement where he stops,
text: hesitates, looks up toward the top of the building, and putting his
text: fingers to his mouth lets out a shrill, effective whistle that echoes
text: up the quiet street. Then he cups his hands to his mouth and shouts:
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Hey Joey! Joey Doyle!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT—TENEMENT WINDOW—NIGHT
text: The window of a third-story room, from Terry's POV. JOEY DOYLE, a
text: youthful, rather sensitive and clean-cut Irish boy, pokes his head out
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Terry?
dialog: (then a little suspiciously)
dialog: What do you want?
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE—WATERFRONT STREET—NIGHT
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Hey look-
text: He reaches into his windbreaker in a gesture associated with drawing a
text: gun from a shoulder holster. But instead he draws out a live racing
text: pigeon. As he does so the bird makes an effort to escape and flaps its
text: wings, but Terry subdues it expertly and holds it up for Joey to see.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (somewhat uneasily)
dialog: —one of yours. I recognized the band.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON JOEY AT WINDOW—NIGHT
text: There is a fire escape in front of it.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Yeah? Must be Danny-boy. I lost him in the
dialog: last race.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: He followed my birds into their coop.
dialog: Here, you want him?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (cautiously)
dialog: Well I got to watch myself these days.
dialog: Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I'll bring him up to your loft.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (some what reassured)
dialog: I'll see you on the roof.
text: Joey closes the window and turns away.
scene_heading: EXT—MEDIUM CLOSE—TENEMENT—ON TERRY —NIGHT
text: Tensely, as if going through something he wishes he could avoid, Terry
text: looks in the direction of the tenement stoop and nods. Now for the
text: first time we see two men standing there under the doorway so that Joey
text: was unable to see them from his window. When Terry nods they enter the
text: tenement hallway; he takes a few steps forward so as to be out of sight
text: from Joey's widow. Then Terry raises the pigeon into the air and,
text: inexplicably, releases it. As it wings out of sight he turns and starts
text: up the street in the direction from which he came, walking crabwise as
text: if trying to see the effect of what he has just done. A soddenly drunk,
text: one-armed longshoreman, MUTT MURPHY, staggers toward him, singing in a
text: hoarse voice... .
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: (as if it were a dirge)
dialog: Tippi-tippi-tim, tippi-tim,
dialog: Tippi-tippi-tan, tippi-tan...
text: (He stumbles into Terry.)
dialog: Gotta dime for a crippled-up docker?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Go on, beat it!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: A dime, Terry, a dime for a cup of coffee?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Don't give me that coffee, you rummy.
dialog: Now blow!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Thanks for nothing, you bum.
text: With a certain battered dignity, Mutt moves off, picking up his song,
text: "Tippi-tippi-tan, tippi-tan... ." Terry takes an anxious glance back
text: toward the tenement.
scene_heading: EXT—TENEMENT ROOFTOP—NIGHT
text: In the B.G. on the far shore is the New York skyline. In the M.G. a
text: ship is being unloaded on this side of the river. In the F.G. is a coop
text: of racing pigeons. Joey comes out on the roof and looks around. The
text: door f rom the tenement stairway creaks open and Joey turns.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Terry?
text: There is no answer. Joey is surprised.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: That you, Terry?
text: Two men step out upon the roof, their faces hidden in shadows. Joey
text: looks startled and retreats a few steps.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Where's Terry?
text: The two men (BARNEY and SPECS) advance, silently.
speaker_heading: JOEY (continued)
dialog: He said he'd meet me up here.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT—JOEY—ROOFTOP—NIGHT
text: Now he realizes the intentions of the two men. He looks around for some
dialog: means of escape.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—BARNEY AND SPECS—ROOFTOP—NIGHT
text: From Joey's angle. Moving in.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—JOEY—ROOFTOP—NIGHT
text: He makes a wild dash for the fire escape which leads him to the roof.
text: But when he reaches it, another goon, SLIM, appears, cutting off this
dialog: escape.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT—ROOFTOP—NIGHT
text: Joey turns and runs along the edge of the roof, the illuminated skyline
dialog: in the B.G. He
text: disappears from view as if he has jumped o ff the roof.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT—LOWER ROOFTOP LEVEL—NIGHT
text: This rooftop is one floor lower than the rooftops on either side of it,
text: forming a trough between the two and providing no further avenue of
text: escape for Joey. As Joey looks around desperately, Barney appears on
text: upper level and another goon, SONNY, appears on the other. Now Joey is
text: trapped between them. As they move forward he retreats backward toward
text: the edge of the roof.
dialog: JOEY (defiantly)
dialog: You want me to jump so it looks
dialog: like an accident?
text: The assailants close in silently. Joey gestures them on.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Come on. I'll take one of you with me.
text: The goons edge in still closer, poker-faced, knowing they have him.
scene_heading: EXT—FRIENDLY BAR—NIGHT
text: An old-fashioned corner saloon with swinging doors. Standing on the
text: corner, fl anked by a goon aptly named the TRUCK is CHARLEY, THE GENT,
text: Terry's older brother, rather handsome if a little too smooth, in his
text: late thirties, a snappy dresser in his camel hair coat and snap brim
text: hat. He is quick-witted and affable, more politician than mobster.
text: Terry enters to him.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: How goes?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (tightly)
text: He's on the roof.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: The pigeon?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (resentfully)
dialog: Like you said. It worked.
speaker_heading: TRUCK
dialog: (to Terry, tapping his own temple)
dialog: That brother of yours is thinkin' alla time.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (tense)
dialog: All the time.
text: There is a short, shrill, almost human cry of a boat whistle. It
text: changes slightly in pitch and we are hearing an actual cry.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT—BODY OF JOEY
text: Hurtling off roof, with a bloodcurdling shriek.
scene_heading: INT—CLOSE SHOT—WOMAN AT WINDOW (MRS. COLLINS)
text: She screams.
scene_heading: EXT—FRIENDLY BAR—FAVORING TERRY—NIGHT
text: Worried as he begins to wonder what happened.
speaker_heading: TRUCK
dialog: I'm afraid somebody fell off a roof.
text: Terry stares at him. Longshoremen come running out of the bar toward
text: the sound of the scream. Terry has to struggle not to be carried along
text: with them. He works his way toward Charley, standing on the curb with
text: Truck, calmly watching the Friendly Bar customers excitedly running
text: past him. (Calls and commotion in the distance O.S.)
speaker_heading: TRUCK
dialog: He thought he was gonna sing for the
dialog: Crime Commission. He won't.
text: Truck winks at Charley significantly. Terry catches the meaning and is
text: horrified.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (accusingly)
dialog: You said they was only going to talk to him.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: That was the idea.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I thought they'd talk to him. Try to get
text: him to dummy up.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
text: Maybe he gave them an argument.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I figured the worst they'd do is work him
text: over a little.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: He probably gave 'em an argument.
speaker_heading: TRUCK
dialog: (almost primly)
dialog: He's been giving our boss a lot of trouble.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: He wasn't a bad little fella, that Joey.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: No he wasn't.
speaker_heading: TRUCK
text: Except for his mouth.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Talkative.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (muttering to himself)
dialog: Wasn't a bad little fella ...
speaker_heading: TRUCK
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Maybe he could sing, but he couldn't fly.
text: Terry looks at Truck, stricken.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
text: (sympathetically, nodding toward bar)
dialog: Come on, kid. I'll buy you a drink.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (bewildered)
text: In a minute.
text: Charley looks at him, slightly concerned, and goes in with Truck. Terry
text: watches the longshoremen hurrying past him, in the direction of—
scene_heading: EXT—LANDING BELOW TENEMENT ROOF—NIGHT
text: Forming a circle around Joey are KAYO NOLAN, a hard little nut of a
text: man; TOMMY COLLINS, a young longshoreman friend of Joey's; LUKE, a
text: giant Negro; MOOSE, a good-natured, hulking longshoreman; and others.
text: The shot favors POP DOYLE, a short , stocky man with a small potbelly.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (to someone running up)
dialog: I kept tellin' him: don't say nothin',
dialog: keep quiet, you'll live longer.
speaker_heading: POLICE SERGEANT
dialog: (to another cop)
dialog: Tell the ambulance to hurry.
scene_heading: SHOT OF ONLOOKERS—ROOFTOP—NIGHT
text: Including a hard-faced longshoreman, a careworn woman in her middle
text: thirties (Mrs. Collins) and Mutt.
speaker_heading: LONGSHOREMAN
dialog: He ain't gonna need no ambulance.
text: FATHER BARRY, a lean, tough, West Side priest, climbs a wooden fence
text: and approaches the crowd.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (roughly)
dialog: One side. Le'me through!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT—MRS. COLLINS, MUTT—ROOFTOP—NIGHT
scene_heading: MRS. COLLINS
dialog: (to Father Barry as he passes)
dialog: Same thing they did to my Andy five years ago.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BODY OF JOEY—TENEMENT LANDING—NIGHT
text: Father Barry prays. A police sergeant turns to Pop.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: You're Pop Doyle, aren't you, the boy's father?
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
text: He fell over backward from the roof—
dialog: like he was pushed. Any ideas?
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (aggressively)
dialog: None.
scene_heading: MRS. COLLINS
dialog: (coming forward)
dialog: He was the one longshoreman with guts
dialog: enough to talk to them crime investigators.
dialog: Everybody knows that.
speaker_heading: POP
text: (wheeling angrily and pushing her away)
dialog: Who asked you. Shut your trap.
dialog: If Joey'd taken that advice he wouldn't be—
dialog: (starts to crack up)
scene_heading: MRS. COLLINS
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: Everybody know that...?
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: I said shut up!
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Look, I'm an honest cop. Give me
dialog: some leads and I'll...
text: Pop stands silently, choked with grief.
speaker_heading: KAYO NOLAN
dialog: Listen— don't bother him. Right, Moose?
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: One thing I learned— all my life on the waterfront—
dialog: dont ask no questions— don't answer no questions.
dialog: Unless you... .
text: (looks at the body and stops)
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (reverently)
dialog: He was all heart, that boy.
dialog: Enough guts for a regiment.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (in a bitter rage)
dialog: Guts— I'm sick of guts. He gets a book in the pistol
dialog: local and right away he's gonna be a hero. Gonna
text: push the mob off the dock singlehanded... .
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (comfortingly)
dialog: Take it easy, Pop. I know it's rough
dialog: but time and faith are great healers... .
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON EDIE—TENEMENT LANDING—NIGHT
text: Joey's sister, a fresh-faced, sensitive young Irish girl who has been
text: kneeling over the body. She looks up and around at the Father in bitter
dialog: grief.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Time and faith... . My brother's dead and you
text: stand there talking drivel about time and faith.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: Why Edie, I—
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (plunging on)
dialog: How could anyone do this to Joey. The best in the
dialog: neighborhood... . everybody said it, not only me.
dialog: Who'd want to harm Joey? Tell me— who? -- who?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: I wish I knew, Edie,
dialog: But—
text: (starts to turn away as if appealing to the others)
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Don't turn away! Look at it! You're in this too—
dialog: don't you see, don't you see? You're in this too, Father.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (defensively, sincerely)
dialog: Edie, I do what I can. I'm in the church when you need me.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (bitingly)
dialog: "In the church when you need me."
dialog: Was there ever a saint who hid in the Church?
text: She turns from him angrily, toward the covered form of Joey.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT—FATHER BARRY
text: Father Barry stands there jolted and troubled.
scene_heading: MRS. COLLINS
dialog: (moves in to him)
dialog: Forgive her, Father. Them two was as close as twins.
text: Father Barry nods. Thinking hard.
scene_heading: MRS. COLLINS
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Whoever was in on this'll burn in hell until
dialog: kingdom come... .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT—FRIENDLY BAR—NIGHT
text: The atmosphere is the sharpest possible contrast to the scene above. It
text: is a rough waterfront bar full of half-gassed longshoremen and pistol
text: boys. They are all watching a fight on TV above the bar, and there is
text: much hoarse laughter and ad lib jokes at the fight. The only one not
dialog: watching
text: is Terry, who sits at a table by himself staring at a half-finished
text: glass of beer. Mutt is wandering around in the B.G.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Terry, Riley's makin' a bum outa that Solari—
text: Terry looks off and sees—
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT—BARNEY AND SPECS—AT BAR—NIGHT
text: Unconcernedly drinking and enjoying the fight. SPECS Come on over and
dialog: have a shot.
text: Still disturbed and preoccupied, Terry shakes his head and goes on
text: through the bar toward the
text: back room. Others call to him but he keeps going.
text: INT—BACK ROOM OF BAR—NIGHT
text: A partition separates this room from the main bar, and a small corner
text: of the bar extends through the partition. On the wall are old fight
text: posters and some pictures of fighters, ball players and horses. At a
text: table, flanked by Charley and a tall, muscular bodyguard, SONNY, is
text: JOHNNY FRIENDLY. He is not tough in a conventional way, but with a
text: sinister intent, a humorless sense of domination that is really
text: dangerous. The boxing match can be seen on a smaller TV set.
scene_heading: JOHNNY FRIENDLY
dialog: Turn it off. Them clowns can't fight. There's nobody
dialog: tough anymore.
text: JOCKO, the bartender, pokes his head through the archway behind the
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: Hey, boss, Packy wants another one on
dialog: the cuff?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (with a generous wave of his hand)
dialog: Give it to him!
text: As Johnny finishes off a bottle of beer, BIG MAC, the bullnecked hiring
text: boss, comes up to the table with a thick roll of bills.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: Here's the cut from the shape-up. Eight hundred
dialog: and ninety-one men at three bucks a head makes—
text: puts on glasses, incongruous on his beefy face
dialog: --twenty-six seventy-three.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (to Charley)
dialog: Here, you count it. Countin' makes me sleepy.
text: Terry enters during the above and sits at the bar, brooding. Johnny is
text: glad to see him.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: H'ya, slugger, how they hangin'?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (subdued)
dialog: So-so, Johnny.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (pantomiming, defending against blows)
dialog: Don't hit me, now, don't hit me!
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: We got a banana boat at forty-six tomorra.
dialog: If we pull a walkout it might be a few bucks
dialog: from the shippers. Them bananas go bad
text: in a hurry.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: We'll ask ten G.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Where's Morgan? Where's that big banker of mine?
text: As Johnny talks he holds on to Terry, and fondles him casually. MORGAN,
text: a big-eared, large-nosed little weasel of a man, pokes his head in the
text: door as if he were waiting just outside.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Right here, boss.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (mockingly — Morgan is sort of court jester)
dialog: Well, J.P., how's business?
dialog: J.P.
text: Havin' trouble with Kelly again, boss. He
dialog: Won't take no loans and Big Mac puts him to
dialog: work anyway.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: (shouting at J.P.)
dialog: He's my wife's nephew.
dialog: J.P.
dialog: (right back at Big Mac)
dialog: But he don't take no loans.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: I got to give him work. She'd murda me... .
dialog: J.P.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: That's why I stay single.
dialog: (turns to Johnny)
dialog: Here's the interest on the day, boss.
dialog: Five thirty two.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (taking it from him and handing it to Sonny)
dialog: Count it.
text: Now Sonny and Charley are both counting. SKINS, another runner for the
text: mob, a nervous, pasty-faced man, enters.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Hey, Skins—
text: (as Skins approaches Johnny lowers his voice)
dialog: --get away with that sheet metal all right?
speaker_heading: SKINS
dialog: Easy, that new checker faked the receipt.
dialog: Here it is, boss.
dialog: (offers receipt)
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Stow the receipt. I'll take the cash.
speaker_heading: SKINS
dialog: (producing another roll of bills)
text: Forty-five bills.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (to Terry, sulking at the bar)
dialog: Hey, Terry, front and center.
text: Terry comes over reluctantly and Johnny hands him the bills.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Count this.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Aw, you know I don't like to count, Johnny.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: It's good for you. Develops your mind.
speaker_heading: SKINS
dialog: What mind?
text: He starts to laugh but Johnny stops him with a look.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Shut up. I like the kid.
text: (tweaks Terry's cheek fondly)
dialog: Remember the night he took Farella
dialog: at St. Nick's, Charley. We won a bundle.
dialog: Real tough. A big try.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (stops counting and taps his nose proudly)
dialog: Not a dent.
dialog: (tweaks his nose)
dialog: Perfect
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
text: (laughs, rubs Terry's head)
dialog: My favorite little cousin.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (disconcerted as he tries to count)
dialog: Thirty-six— sev— aah I lost the count.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (tolerantly)
dialog: OK— skip it, Einstein. How come you never got
dialog: no education like the rest of us?
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: (good-naturedly)
dialog: Only arithmetic he got was hearing the referee count up to
dialog: ten.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (hot-tempered, starting to attack Big Mac)
dialog: Now listen, Mac—
text: Johnny laughs and pulls Terry back.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (amused)
dialog: What gives with our boy tonight, Charley?
dialog: He ain't himself.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (as if Terry were not there)
dialog: The Joey Doyle thing. You know how he is.
dialog: Things like that— he exaggerates them.
dialog: Too much Marquis of Queensbury. It softens 'em up.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (taking the money from Sonny, Skins and J.P. and
text: dealing out some bills to each of them as if the money
dialog: werecards,
dialog: while Charley goes on counting)
dialog: Listen kid, I'm a soft tough too. Ask any rummy on the
dialog: dock
dialog: if I'm not good for a fin any time they put the arm on me.
dialog: (then more harshly)
dialog: But my old lady raised us ten kids on a stinkin'
dialog: watchman's pension. When I was sixteen I had
dialog: to beg for work in the hold. I didn't work my way up
dialog: out of there for nuthin'.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (sorry to have aroused Johnny— who speaks loud and
dialog: with frightening force when stung)
dialog: I know, Johnny, I know... .
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Takin' over this local, you know it took a little doin'.
dialog: Some pretty tough fellas were in the way.
dialog: They left me this—
text: (suddenly holds up chin to show a long ugly scar on
dialog: neck)
dialog: —to remember them by.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (admiringly)
dialog: When he got up and chased them they thought
text: it was a dead man coming after them.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (to Terry)
dialog: I know what's eatin' you, kid. But I got two thousand
dialog: dues-payin' members in my local— that's seventy-two
dialog: thousand a year legitimate and when each one of 'em
dialog: puts in a couple of bucks a day to make sure they work
dialog: steady— well, you figure it out. And that's just for
text: openers.
dialog: We got the fattest piers in the fattest harbor in the
dialog: world.
dialog: Everything that moves in and out— we take our cut.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Why shouldn't we? If we c'n get it we're entitled to it.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: We ain't robbin' pennies from beggars. We cuttin'
dialog: ourselves in for five-six million a year just on our
text: half a dozen piers— a drop in the bucket compared
text: to the traffic in the harbor. But a mighty sweet little
dialog: drop,
dialog: eh, Charley?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (wisely)
dialog: It'll do.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: So look, kid, you don't think we c'n afford to be boxed out
dialog: of a deal like this— a deal I sweated and bled for—
dialog: on account of one lousy little cheese-eater, that Doyle
dialog: bum,
dialog: who thought he c'd go squealin' to the Crime Commission?
dialog: Do you?—
text: Terry is uncomfortably silent. Johnny raises his voice.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: —Do you?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Well, no, Johnny, I just thought I should've been told if—
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (handing back the money)
dialog: I make it twentysix twenty-three. You're fifty short,
dialog: Skins.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (turning darkly on Skins)
dialog: Gimme.
speaker_heading: SKINS
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: I— I musta counted wrong, boss, I—
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Gimme.
text: He reaches over and takes money out of Skins's pockets, stripping him.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: You come from Green Point? Go back to Green Point.
dialog: You don't work here no more.
text: (impulsively he hands the bill to Terry— smiling)
dialog: Here, kid, here's half a bill. Go get your load on.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (still troubled)
dialog: Naw, thanks, Johnny, I don't want it, I—
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (roughly)
dialog: Go on— a little present from
dialog: your Uncle Johnny.
text: (He pushes the bill into the breast pocket of Terry's
dialog: jacket, then
dialog: turns to Big Mac)
dialog: And Mac, tomorra mornin' when you shape the men put
text: Terry in the loft. Number one. Every day.
dialog: (to Terry)
dialog: Nice easy work. Check in and goof off on the coffee
dialog: bags. O.K.?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: Thanks, Johnny... .
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (a kind of warning)
dialog: You got a real friend here, kid. Don't forget it.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Why should he forget it?
text: As Terry turns away, toward the bar,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT—TENEMENT ROOF—DAYBREAK
text: Terry, darkly troubled, is watching the pigeons he has just fed when
speaker_heading: JIMMY CONNERS,
text: a freckle-faced fourteen-year-old boy, approaches along the same
text: stretch of roof seen in the mugging of Joey.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Hi!
text: Terry turns around startled, as Jimmy comes climbing up out of the
text: trough where Joey was trapped.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: —I was gonna feed 'em, Terry.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: 's all right, kid. I took care of 'em myself
dialog: this morning.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Boy, you must've been up early.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (as if he hardly slept)
dialog: Yeah, yeah, I was awake anyway so I figured—
text: (gesturestoward feeding pigeons; then with
dialog: admiration)
dialog: They got it made. Eat all they want— fly around like crazy—
text: sleep side by side— and raise gobs of squabs.
text: O.S. or in B.G. a ship coming into port sounds its whistle, bringing
text: him back to reality.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I better get over there.
text: (O.S. sound of ship whistle again. Terry answers the
dialog: ship irritably)
dialog: O.K., O.K., I'm coming.
dialog: (starts off)
dialog: Don't spill no water on the floor now. I
dialog: Don't want them birds to catch cold.
text: Jimmy signals the Golden Warrior salute— the first two fingers raised
text: together. Terry answers with the same salute as he goes o ff,
dialog: disturbed.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT—LONG SHOT—PIER—DAY
text: Some three hundred men are standing around, men of all sizes and ages,
text: some in dungarees, some in baggy denims, wearing battered windbreakers
text: or service discards, and either caps or woolen pullovers. A sprinkling
text: of Negroes. A ship is berthing in the B.G. The mood is somber and
dialog: restless.
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOTS—LONGSHOREMEN
text: Muttering to each other.
dialog: AD LIBS He was a good boy, the Doyle kid. Sure he was, that's why he
dialog: got it in the head. Couldn't learn to keep his mouth shut.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—ON TERRY
text: With his chum, JACKIE, as another pal, CHICK, comes up. Terry looks
text: around as if t rying to hear what the men are muttering behind him.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: (to Jackie but really to Terry)
dialog: Hey Jackie, what D'ya think of this privileged character?
dialog: Don't have to shape up no more. Got himself a soft touch
text: up in the loft.
dialog: (mimics sound of snoring)
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Who told you that?
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: (winks at Jackie)
dialog: Waterfront Western Union.
dialog: (business of putting his hand to his mouth)
text: Terry looks around at the restless men
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: You're doin' lovely, Terry, very lovely.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (hotly)
dialog: O.K., O.K., That's enough.
text: In the B.G. Pop can be seen approaching Nolan, Moose, Tommy, and
text: Luke with a windbreaker jacket over his arm.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (a little hurt)
dialog: What's the matter wit' you,
dialog: success gone to ya head?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I told you lay off.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (to Chick in a falsetto)
dialog: My ain't we touchy this morning?
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—MEN BEHIND TERRY AT PIER ENTRANCE—DAY
text: Nolan, Moose, Tommy, Luke, and others are muttering about Joey. Pop
text: comes up to them. The men quickly drop the subject of Joey.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Go home, Pop. The lads who get work
dialog: Today'll be chippin' in gladly.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Sure, we'll take care of ya.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That's the truth, Pop.
text: Others mutter expressions of bitter sympathy. "Tough about Joey," etc.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: Thanks, boys, but I'm gonna shape. Who do
dialog: you think's gonna pay for the funeral— Johnny
dialog: Friendly and the boss stevedore?
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT—TERRY
text: Reacting. Sonny, a few feet away, also hears and we follow him back to
dialog: Pop and group.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Hey, watch that talk. What you say?
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: He was just tellin' me how proud he was
dialog: to belong to a fine honest local run by such an
text: outstandin' labor leader as Johnny Friendly.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Don't get wise now, you.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Wise! If I was wise I wouldn't be no longshoreman
dialog: for thirty years and poorer now than when I started.
text: Sonny looks at him threateningly. Nolan holds his ground and Sonny goes
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: Here— I brought you Joey's windbreaker—
dialog: Wear it, Kayo. Yours is more full of holes than
text: The Pittsburgh infield.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT—NOLAN
text: He is affected, but largely hiding his feelings.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT—POP, NOLAN, MOOSE, TOMMY
text: J.P. Morgan pops up right behind Pop.
dialog: J.P.
dialog: Condolences. How you fixed for cabbage this mornin'?
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Oh me and my chum are just rolling in
dialog: the stuff. We only work down here for a hobby, J.P.
dialog: (Pop's cronies chuckle.)
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Haw, haw, haw— that's a good one.
dialog: J.P.
dialog: (undaunted, to Pop)
dialog: You'll be needing a few dollars for your extras,
dialog: Won't you, Pop? You're three weeks behind
dialog: on the last twenty-five, but I'm willing to take
dialog: a chance.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Some chance at ten percent a week!
dialog: And if he don't borrow, he don't work.
dialog: J.P.
dialog: (to Pop)
dialog: You'll work.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: I ought to belt you one, J.P.
dialog: J.P.
dialog: (retreating slightly)
dialog: Raise a hand to me and... .
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: ... .and you'll tell Johnny Friendly.
dialog: J.P.
dialog: You'd be off the pier for good.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (ashamed)
dialog: All right, slip me a bill— and may
dialog: you rot in hell, J.P.
dialog: J.P.
dialog: When I'm dead 'n gone you'll know what a
dialog: friend I was.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Drop dead now, why don't you, so we c'n
dialog: test your theory?
text: Moose leads the laughter. J.P. looks at them sourly.
dialog: J.P.
dialog: Condolences.
text: J.P. goes off with his shoulders bent over and his head down, like some
text: mournful bird, and Nolan walks behind him, mimicking. Nolan notices
text: Pop isn't laughing and stops. CAMERA FOLLOWS J.P. toward Terry, Chick,
text: and Jackie and holds on them. Two men in business suits—one of them
text: carrying a briefcase, looking decidedly out of place on the waterfront—
dialog: approach.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: (larger, more good-natured of the two)
dialog: Do any of you men know Terry Malloy?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Malloy? Never heard of 'im.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Me neither
text: They both turn away sullenly. Glover and his colleague, GILLETTE, look
text: at Terry carefully. Gillette is scrappy and tough.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: You're Terry Malloy, aren't you?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: I thought I recognized you. Saw you
dialog: fight in St. Nick's a couple of years ago.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: O.K. O.K. Without the bird seed. What do you want?
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: Our identification.
text: He snaps out his wallet and holds it open for Terry's inspection.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Waterfront— Crime— Commission— ?
text: (pushes wallet back indignantly)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: We're getting ready to hold public hearings
dialog: on waterfront crime and underworld infiltration
dialog: of longshore unions.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (automatically)
dialog: I don't know nothing.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: You haven't heard the questions yet.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: There's a rumor that you're one of the last
dialog: people to see Joey Doyle alive.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: And I still say— I don't know nothing.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: We're not accusing you of anything, Mr. Malloy.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: I hope you understand that.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: We only want to ask you a few things
dialog: about people you may know.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: People I— You mean sing for you. Get out
dialog: of here before I—
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: (with a slight but confident smile)
dialog: I wouldn't advise that, Mr. Malloy. Unless you want to be
dialog: booked for assaulting an officer of the law.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Listen, I don't know nothing, I didn't see
dialog: nothing, I ain't saying nothing. So why don't you
dialog: and your girlfriend get lost.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: (gently)
dialog: All right, Mr. Malloy, you have a right not to talk,
dialog: if that's what you choose to do. But the public
dialog: has a right to know the facts, too.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: (nodding in agreement)
dialog: We may be seeing you again.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Never will be much too soon.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: (almost like a friend)
dialog: Take it easy.
text: The two men nod and turn away. Jackie and Chick, a few paces off, have
text: been taking it in. Terry swaggers for their benefit .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: How do you like them jokers? Taking me
dialog: for a pigeon.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
text: (mimicking the investigators, in a falsetto)
dialog: Gimme the names, I'll write 'em down in me little book.
text: Chick laughs and punches Terry's arm with rough affection.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (responding to the praise)
dialog: One more word 'n I would've belted the two of 'em,
dialog: badge or no badge!
text: They nod and laugh approvingly. There is a blast from the ship in the
text: B.G. which is just docking.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—ON BIG MAC
text: The hiring boss. A stevedore official comes up to him with a box of
dialog: slips.
speaker_heading: STEVEDORE
dialog: Here's the tabs for two hundred banana carriers.
text: Big Mac blows his whistle.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—POP, NOLAN, ETC.—PIER—DAY
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (trying to cheer Pop up)
dialog: A banana boat. It would be bananas. One of these days
dialog: me ship's comin' in from Ireland, God love 'er,
dialog: loaded to the gunnels with sweet Irish whiskey!
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: Nolan, me lad, ye're dreamin' again.
text: They laugh, then Pop looks O.S. and frowns.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: —Edie?
scene_heading: LONG SHOT—EDIE—PIER—DAY
text: From Pop's POV. Talking to a pier guard.
speaker_heading: CLOSE—ON POP
text: Standing with Kayo. About to start forward when the shape-up whistle
text: blows, restraining him.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (to Kayo)
dialog: What the devil is she doin' down here?
scene_heading: CLOSE ON EDIE AND PIER GUARD—PIER—DAY
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (with a brogue)
dialog: Edie, I know your father well, and I'm sorry for
dialog: your troubles. But there's been hundreds of
dialog: murders down here and practically no convictions—
dialog: hardly any arrests.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Why, Mr. Rourke? Why?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: The last fellow who talked was awful dead
dialog: when they pulled him out of the river. I guess
dialog: the Sisters don't teach you things like that
dialog: up at your school in Tarrytown.
dialog: (with a gesture of futility)
dialog: That's the waterfront.
text: He shrugs his helplessness and turns away. Edie stands crestfallen.
text: Then she turns in the opposite direction away from the pier.
scene_heading: EXT—MEDIUM SHOT—FATHER BARRY—OUTSIDE PIER—DAY
text: Father Barry is approaching.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Father Barry.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Hello, Edie.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I'm afraid I spoke out of turn last night.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: You think I'm just a gravy-train rider in
dialog: a turned-around collar?
text: She says nothing.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Don't you?
dialog: (with humor)
dialog: I see the Sisters taught you not to lie.
text: She smiles in spite of herself.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: I've been thinking about your question and
text: the answer come up and hit me— bang.
dialog: This is my parish. I don't know how much I
dialog: can do but you're right, Edie— I'll never find out if
dialog: I don't come down here and take a good look for
dialog: myself.
text: She looks at him hopefully. O.S. a whistle blows again, shrilly. They
text: turn in its direction.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—BIG MAC—AT PIER ENTRANCE—DAY
text: Putting his whistle away.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT—LONGSHOREMEN—PIER—DAY
text: Waiting silently, hopefully.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: The following men report to the loft—
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT—FAVORING TERRY
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: Malloy.
text: Terry steps forward.
text: Hendricks, Krajowski. Now, two hundred banana carriers.
text: He approaches the men.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON FATHER BARRY AND EDIE
text: Watching from the slip.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Pop never talks about this.
text: Father Barry watches interestedly.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT—SHAPE-UP—DAY
text: The men press closer to Big Mac, each one trying to attract his
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: Don't crowd me. Stand back.
speaker_heading: AN OLD MAN
dialog: (seedy, toothless)
dialog: Give me a break, Mac. I been two weeks
dialog: out of work.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: I got five kids. I need a day bad.
scene_heading: A BEEFY LONGSHOREMAN
text: (old-fashioned looking in his knit stocking cap
dialog: and heavy wool sweater)
dialog: How about me, Mac? I knew your old man.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: (roughly)
dialog: Come on, you bums, push back.
dialog: I'll do the pickin'.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOTS—LONGSHOREMEN
text: From Big Mac's angle. One touches an ear—another strokes his chin—
text: another begs with his yes—hungry, pleading, desperate faces.
speaker_heading: CLOSE—ON BIG MAC
text: Angrily trying to clear the way.
speaker_heading: THE OLD MAN
dialog: I'll give four bucks for the job.
speaker_heading: BEEFY LONGSHOREMAN
dialog: I'll kick in five.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: (shoving them hard)
dialog: Back! Get back!
text: The beefy longshoreman actually makes a grab for one of the tabs. The
text: men begin to surround and engulf Mac. He is jostled and pushed. The
text: beefy longshoreman, slightly behind Mac, suddenly knocks the box of
text: tabs out of his hand.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
text: (desperately over his shoulder)
dialog: Hey, Sonny! Truck!
scene_heading: FULL SHOT—LONGSHOREMEN MELEE
text: Two hundred and fifty men scrambling on the ground, fighting for the
dialog: tabs like animals.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON FATHER BARRY AND EDIE
text: Horrified, as they watch the struggle.
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS DETAILING BATTLE CLOSE SHOT—KAYO NOLAN
text: As he begins to rise, tab in hand, a big longshoreman at least a head
text: taller swings a vicious punch at him. Kayo, with old-time boxing skill,
text: "slips" it by a fraction of an inch. The effect could be a moment of
dialog: comedy relief.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT—MOOSE
text: On the ground—as he is about to pick up a tab, a heavy shoe steps on
text: his hand and the tab is grabbed away from him.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON FATHER BARRY AND EDIE
text: Watching helplessly.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Pop!
scene_heading: FREE-FOR-ALL FAVORING POP & TERRY
text: Pop is battling near the edge of the free-for- all, in view of Edie and
text: Father Barry. He sees a tab on the ground and is about to pick it up
text: when another man only slightly younger and bigger punches him in the
text: nose. He retaliates with a looping punch that knocks his adversary
text: back; but he is unable to scoop up the tab because meanwhile a crony of
text: Terry's has called over.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Hey, Terry. Grab me on!
text: Terry reaches for it with one hand while blocking Pop off with his leg.
text: He calls over to a crony.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Here you go, Jackie boy.
text: As he hands it over to his chum, Pop comes charging in at Terry.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: Hey, give me that.
text: He swings wild punches at Terry. Just then Luke, the burly Negro
text: longshoreman, sees a tab behind Pop, hurls himself toward it, carrying
text: Pop with him, and back into the battle royal.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT—EDIE
text: She has seen the above action and makes a beeline for Terry. She is
dialog: furious!
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Give me that. It belongs to Pop. He saw it first.
text: Terry is enjoying himself. Unconsciously Edie is pressing herself
text: against him to get the tab and her rage is a kind of passion that
dialog: pleases him.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Oh, I thought you was gonna go to
dialog: work— with all them muscles.
text: (winks at Jackie, who laughs)
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Give it to me— my Pop's job—
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What makes him so special?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: None of your business.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (to Jackie; handing him the tab)
dialog: Things 're lookin' up on the docks, huh, Jackie?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Didn't you recognize him, dopey. That's
dialog: Old Man Doyle.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (losing his bravado)
dialog: Doyle.
text: (looks around at Pop, the identity hitting him)
dialog: Joey Doyle's... .?
dialog: (stares at Edie)
dialog: ... .You're his... .
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Sister. Yes I am.
text: He runs his hand over his face and then, with a sudden impulse:
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You don't want to lug bananas in the rain
dialog: anyway, do you, Jackie?
text: He reaches over and takes the tab back from Jackie.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Aah, give it to 'im.
text: Terry hands the slip to Edie and adds, for the benefit of his pals:
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Here you go, muscles. Nice wrastlin' with
dialog: you.
text: He flexes his forearm and throws two quick jabs at an imaginary
text: opponent, a characteristic gesture. He sets his cap at a jaunty angle
text: and winks at his chums but we feel his manner is forced, barely hiding
dialog: his guilt.
text: Edie looks after him with smoldering anger.
text: She turns as Father Barry comes into view, leading Pop. Pop's nose is
text: bleeding and he is pretty thoroughly battered. Nolan joins him.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Pop, you all right?
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (brusquely)
dialog: Sure, just the beak—
dialog: (taps his nose)
dialog: It's been busted before.
text: Edie hands him the tab.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Here—I got it for you.
text: Pop takes it, but he is humiliated, and bitter that she should see him
dialog: in this moment of weakness.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: Okay, I can use it—
dialog: (glares at her)
dialog: Now go back to the Sisters where you belong.
dialog: (His anger mounting with his need to regain
text: his self-respect, he turns on Father Barry.)
dialog: I'm surprised with you, Father, if you don't
dialog: mind my sayin' so. Lettin' her see things ain't fit
dialog: for the eyes of a decent girl.
text: Just then Big Mac shouts from the pier opening.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: Hey, Doyle, you got a tab?
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (holding it up angrily)
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: Then get in there. Number three gang,
dialog: number one hatch, puh-ronto.
text: Pop jumps and hurries.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (following Pop)
dialog: Our welfare officer. He's been away
dialog: three times for assault and battery.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—EDIE AND FATHER BARRY
text: Watching him go. Around them are at least one hundred rejected men who
text: linger in resentful silence. Some of them are rubbing hands bruised in
text: the melee. A truck, hurrying into the pier, sounds its horn loudly. The
text: men barely avoid being run down.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: (angrily, to the rejected group)
dialog: Outa the way. Come back tomorra.
text: Father Barry looks at all this in amazement.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (to one rejected man)
dialog: What do you do now?
text: The man shrugs, too beaten down to answer. Father Barry asks Luke:
dialog: What are you gonna do?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Like he says. Come back tomorra.
text: Luke goes along with Father Barry, who approaches Moose and Tommy, who
dialog: have also been rejected.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Is this what you do, just take it like this?
speaker_heading: MOOSE
text: (carefully looking around and lowering his voice
dialog: matter-of-factly)
dialog: Five straight mornin's I been
text: Standin' here and the bum looks right through
dialog: me. There's always a couple hundred left standin'
text: in the street.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (undertone)
dialog: Shh. Sonny's over there.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: And there's nothing you can do?
dialog: How about your union?
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: (in an undertone)
dialog: You know how a blackjack
dialog: local works, Father. Get up in a meetin', make a
dialog: motion, the lights go out, you go out.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: If three guys talk on a corner, Johnny's—
text: (He takes a careful look around.)
dialog: —boys break us up. Look at 'em.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Didn't the miners— sailors—
dialog: garment workers— get rid of this years ago?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: The waterfront's tougher— like it ain't
dialog: part of America. Anywhere else you got the law
dialog: protectin' ya. Here ya just get knocked off and
dialog: forgotten. Like—
dialog: (He stops.)
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Shh, not here, across the street.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: River Street, you might as well be in—
text: Sonny and Truck move in.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: What is this, a church picnic? Get outa
dialog: here. Excuse me, Father.
text: They all start away from the pier.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
text: (looking to see if he is out of earshot)
dialog: That's how it's been ever since Johnny and
text: his cowboys took over the local.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Name one place where it's even safe to
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (impulsively)
dialog: Use the church.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (after a significant pause)
text: The bottom of the church.
text: Father Barry has spoken in a normal voice,as contrasted with the
text: whispering of the others, and they all look off toward Sonny and Truck
dialog: to see if they have heard.
speaker_heading: CLOSE—ON SONNY
text: Watching them suspiciously.
scene_heading: BACK TO FATHER BARRY, EDIE AND GROUP
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: (still in an undertone)
dialog: You know what you're letting yourself
dialog: in for, Father?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Got a cigarette on you?
text: (As he is given one, he looks off)
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT—SONNY
dialog: From Father Barry's angle.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—FATHER BARRY
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (his voice decisive)
dialog: You heard me boys. Use the bottom of the church.
text: Father Barry looks at Edie.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT—MEDIUM SHOT—PIER LOFT—DAY
text: In this long area atop the working pier various articles of cargo are
text: stored. Elderly men work at a leisurely pace.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT—PILE OF COFFEE BAGS—DAY
text: On top of which Terry is lying comfortably reading a comic book.
text: Charley enters to him.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Working hard?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: It's a living.
text: He wriggles himself deeper into the coffee bags.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (looking up at him)
dialog: You don't mind working
dialog: once in a while to justify this lofty position?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I just fnished work. I counted the bags.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: We got a little extra detail for you. The
text: local priest and this Doyle girl are getting up a
dialog: meeting in the church. We'd like a rundown on it.
dialog: You know, names and numbers of all the players.
dialog: You're nominated.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: Why me, Charley? I'd feel funny
dialog: going in there.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (indicating this job)
dialog: Johnny does you favors, kid. You got to
dialog: do a little one for him once in a while.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: But going in that church, I'd be stooling
dialog: for you, Charley. You make a pigeon out of me.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (tolerantly)
dialog: Let me explain you something, kid.
dialog: Stooling is when you rat on your friends, on
dialog: the guys you're with.
dialog: (sees Terry frown)
dialog: When Johnny needs a favor, don't try to figure it out,
dialog: just do it. Now go ahead, join the congregation.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT—ENTRANCEWAY TO LOWER LEVEL—CHURCH—EVENING
text: This is an overflow chapel for the church above. There are stained-
text: glass windows, an altar, pews and the figures of saints, but all is
text: utter simplicity; it has not lost its basement feeling, and the
text: unadorned walls and low lighting may suggest the catacombs.
text: The above is seen from the POV of Terry as he approaches. Inside Father
text: Barry faces a small group of longshoremen still in their work clothes,
text: including Nolan, Moose, Tommy, and Luke; Edie sits behind them. A thin-
text: faced, rather ascetic-looking priest, FATHER VINCENT, sits
text: disapprovingly in the rear. As Terry stands in the rear, not anxious to
dialog: enter, Father Barry is saying:
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
text: (rapidly, with a cigarette in his mouth)
dialog: I thought there'd be more of you here, but— the
dialog: Romans found out what a handful could do, if it's
dialog: the right handful. And the same goes for you and
dialog: the mob that's got their foot on your neck. I'm
dialog: just a potato-eater but isn't it simple as one - two three?
dialog: One— The working conditions are bad.
dialog: Two— They're bad because the mob does the hiring.
dialog: Three— The only way to break the mob is to
dialog: stop letting them get away with murder.
text: (He looks around at them. Everybody is silent,
dialog: waiting.)
dialog: If just one of you would answer one question, we'd have a
dialog: start.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And that question is— Who killed Joey Doyle?
speaker_heading: REVERSE—ON GROUP
text: Silence. Moose looks down at the floor. Nolan works his left fist into
text: the palm of his right hand. Tommy runs his hand over his face,
text: embarrassed. Luke stares straight ahead of him. Terry sets his jaw
text: stubbornly. Edie looks at all of them with a hopeful, pleading
text: intensity. Father Barry waits, and then asks again—
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Not one of you has a line on—
dialog: who killed Joey Doyle?
dialog: Silence.
dialog: I've got a hunch every one of you could tell us
dialog: something about it.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: Then answer this one— How can we call ourselves
dialog: Christians and protect these murderers
dialog: with our silence?
text: Silence. The Father looks from one to the other, hoping for some break
text: in the ranks. Terry starts down the aisle, just as Edie turns on Tommy.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Tommy Collins, you were Joey's best friend.
dialog: How can you just sit there and not be saying anything?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (miserably)
dialog: I'll always think of him as my best friend, but—
text: He falls silent and shakes his head. Next to him, Nolan notices Terry.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (muttering to Moose)
dialog: Who asked him here?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (to Terry)
dialog: Have a seat. I'm trying to find out just what
dialog: happened to Joey Doyle. Maybe you can help.
text: Terry is tight-lipped.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (whispering loudly to Moose)
dialog: The brother of Charley the Gent. They'll help us get to the
dialog: bottom
dialog: of the river.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (turnsaround angrily)
dialog: Keep Charley out of this.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (spunkily)
dialog: You don't think he'd be— helpful?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (insolently)
dialog: Go ask him, why don't you ? Ask
dialog: him yourself.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Maybe I will— one of these days.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (laughs scornfully)
dialog: One of these days.
text: They glare at each other. Edie regards Terry with curiosity.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (cutting through)
dialog: Now listen, if you know who the pistols are,
dialog: if you see them on the dock every day, are
dialog: you going to keep still until they cut you
dialog: down one by one?
dialog: (turns from one to the other)
dialog: Are you? Are you? How about you, Nolan?
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Father, one thing you got to understand.
dialog: On the dock we've always been D 'n D.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: D 'n D?
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Deef 'n dumb. Somethin' c'n
dialog: happen right in front of our noses and we don't
dialog: see nothin'. You know what I mean. No matter
dialog: how much we hate the torpedoes we don't rat.
text: Moose, Luke, and others mutter agreement.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Boys, get smart. I know you're
dialog: Getting' pushed around but one thing we got in
dialog: this country is ways of fightin' back. Getting' the
dialog: facts to the public. Testifyin' for what you know is
dialog: right against what you know is wrong. What's ratting
dialog: to them is telling the truth for you. Can't you
dialog: see that?
dialog: (turns from one to another)
dialog: Huh? Huh?
text: The men do not respond. A few look back at Terry apprehensively. Father
text: Barry subsides, feeling defeated. Father Vincent comes forward and
text: takes over the meeting.
speaker_heading: FATHER VINCENT
dialog: (dismissing them)
dialog: This seems to be just about all we can
dialog: do at this time, I think you'll agree, Father,
dialog: and so I'd like to close with a few words from
dialog: St. Paul, "Come unto me... ."
text: He is interrupted by the shattering of glass as a rock comes hurtling
dialog: through the long
text: narrow stained-glass window. Everyone looks at each other in alarm.
text: Some jump up.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (thumbing toward the window)
dialog: That's our friends.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP—TERRY
text: Looking at Edie; then he cases the room for other exits.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—FATHER BARRY AND FATHER VINCENT
speaker_heading: FATHER VINCENT
dialog: What did I tell you about
dialog: sticking your neck out?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: These fellers need help, Vince.
speaker_heading: FATHER VINCENT
dialog: (striding off)
dialog: Okay. Don't blame me when they pack
dialog: you off to Abyssinia.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: I'll take my chances.
text: (turnstoward the group, picking up the rock)
dialog: We must be on the right track or they wouldn't
dialog: be sending us this little calling card.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Who's got a cigarette?
dialog: (as he takes one)
dialog: You better go home in pairs.
text: They all start out tensely, Father Barry helping to pair them off at
text: the door. Edie lingers behind them, frightened. As she starts forward,
text: Terry suddenly approaches.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Not that way.
text: She looks at him in surprise. Terry pulls her back with rough
dialog: solicitousness.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Come on, I'll get you out.
text: Before she has time to protest he is leading her rapidly to another
dialog: exit.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT—LONG SHOT—CHURCH EXIT—DAY
text: Moose and Nolan come down the steps of the church. They do not realize
text: they are being ambushed but the audience does. The goons leap out at
text: them, and we see the effect of this action in the giant shadows across
text: the face of the church, the flailing bats looming as large as telephone
text: poles. We hear the cries of pain, then groans.
scene_heading: EXT—MEDIUM CLOSE—STREET—DUSK
text: As Father Barry runs up, Sonny and Truck are working Nolan over with
text: baseball bats. Father Barry wrestles with them, taking a glancing blow
text: in consequence, and the goons take off. Nolan sinks to the sidewalk
text: with blood streaming from his head and Father Barry kneels beside him.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: You all right, Nolan?
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: Yeah, considerin' they was usin'
dialog: my head for a baseball!
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
text: (taking a handkerchief to blot the blood on
dialog: Nolan's face)
dialog: Nice fellows.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (rubbing his head angrily)
dialog: Those blood suckers. How I'd love to fix
dialog: those babies but—
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: But you still hold out for silence?
text: Nolan hesitates.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: You still call it ratting?
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Are you on the level, Father?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: If I stick my neck out, and they chopped
dialog: it off, would that be the end of it? Or are you
dialog: ready to go all the way?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: I'll go down the line, Kayo, believe me.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Baseball bats— that's just for openers.
dialog: They'll put the muscle on you, turned-around collar
dialog: or no turned-around collar.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: And I still say you stand up and I'll stand up with you.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Down to the wire?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: So help me God!
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Well, I had my fun, I've drunk my fill and I
dialog: tickled some good-lookin' fillies— I'm on borried
dialog: time.
text: Nolan says this with a slight smile as he makes an effort to rise.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
text: (as he helps Nolan to his feet with a grin)
dialog: We're off and running, Kayo.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—AT CHURCH ENTRANCE—DUSK
text: Father Vincent is nervously closing the doors.
scene_heading: EXT—RECTORY—FIRE ESCAPE—DAY
text: Leading down to a dark side street. Terry pulls Edie along at a flying
text: pace. He jumps down from the bottom landing, then looks up to catch
text: her, for whom the height is too great. He holds her for a moment. Then
text: he stops and listens. Heavy rapid footsteps approach. It is Moose and
text: Luke, closely followed by goons wielding baseball bats. Terry pulls
text: Edie back against the wall into the
text: shadows. The goons run past and Terry starts racing with Edie down a
dialog: narrow alley
text: in the opposite direction.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—WATERFRONT STREET—NIGHT
text: The one that meets the alley at the other end. As Terry reaches the
text: street with Edie, he looks around to be sure all's quiet.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (looking back)
dialog: I think we're O.K.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (catching her breath)
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (shakes her head)
text: Steel pipes and baseball bats.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: They play pretty rough.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Which side are you with?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (pointing to himself)
dialog: I'm with Terry.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (straightening her dress)
dialog: I'll get home all right now.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I better see you get there.
text: She looks at him wonderingly. The rummy longshoreman, Mutt Murphy,
text: shuffles over toward Edie with his hand out, frightening her closer to
dialog: Terry.
speaker_heading: MUTT
text: A dime. One thin dime for a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: Coffee, that's a laugh. His belly is used to
text: nothing but rotgut whiskey.
speaker_heading: MUTT
text: (ignoring Terry and coming closer to Edie)
dialog: One little dime you don't need.
text: (He brings his whiskered, sodden
text: face very close to Edie's and stares at her as if
dialog: througha
dialog: dense fog.)
dialog: I know you— you're Edie Doyle. Your
dialog: Brother's a saint—
dialog: (crosses himself quickly)
dialog: –only one ever tried to get me my compensation.
text: He points a wavering (unconsciously accusing) finger at Terry.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Remember, Terry, you was there the night he
dialog: was'?
scene_heading: CLOSE UP—EDIE—STREET—NIGHT
text: Looking at Terry in surprise.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (nervously reaching into his pocket)
dialog: Yeah, yeah—
dialog: Here's half a buck, go have yourself a ball.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: I can't believe it— a small fortune.
text: (He kisses the coin, then pulls from
text: his shirt a small tobacco pouchful of
text: coins in which he deposits this one.) (then turns on
dialog: Terry again)
dialog: You can't buy me— you're still a bum!
text: (raises his cap to Edie with unexpected formality)
dialog: 'Bye, Edie. Lord have mercy on Joey.
text: (crosses himself quickly and he goes off)
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (sourly)
dialog: Look who says bum!
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (looking after Mutt)
dialog: Everybody loved Joey. From the little kids to
text: the old rummies.
dialog: (looks up at Terry)
dialog: Did you know him very well?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (evasively)
dialog: Everybody knew him. He got around.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (looking after Mutt)
dialog: What did that man mean when he said you were... .?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Aah, he's a bottlebaby, he talks to
dialog: himself, the joke of the neighborhood.
speaker_heading: EDIE
text: (glancing at him and then hurrying her steps)
dialog: I better get home.
text: She gives Terry as wide a berth as possible.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Don't be afraid of me. I ain't going to bite
dialog: you.
text: She continues to walk apart from him.
dialog: What's the matter, they don't let you walk with
dialog: fellers where you've been?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: You know how the Sisters are.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You training to be a nun or something?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: It's a regular college. It's just run by
dialog: the nuns. The Sisters of St. Anne.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: And you spend all your time just learning
dialog: stuff, huh?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (smiling at the way he puts it)
dialog: I want to be a teacher.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: A teacher! Dong!!!
dialog: (He's impressed)
dialog: You know I admire brains. Take my brother Charley.
dialog: He's very brainy. Very.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: It isn't brains. It's how you use them.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (increasingly impressed, almost awestruck)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: Yeah. I get your thought. You know I seen you
dialog: lots of times before. Parochial school on Pulaski
dialog: Street? Seven, eight years ago? Your hair come down in—
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: In braids? That's right.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Looked like two pieces of rope. And your
dialog: teeth were—
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I know. I thought I'd never get those
text: braces off.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Man, you were a mess!
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I can get home all right from here—
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: The thought I'm tryin' to get over is you
dialog: grew up beauteeful. Remember me?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: The moment I saw you.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (strutting)
dialog: Some people got faces that stick in your mind.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: I remember you were in trouble all the time.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Now you got me! It's a wonder I wasn't punchy by
dialog: the time I was twelve. The rulers those Sisters used
dialog: to whack me with!
text: (cracks himself on the head and laughs)
dialog: They thought they could beat an education into me—I foxed
dialog: 'em.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Maybe they just didn't know how to handle
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (warming to the subject)
dialog: How would you've done it?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: With a little more patience and kindness.
dialog: That's what makes people mean and difficult.
dialog: Nobody cares enough about them.
text: Terry plays "Hearts and Flowers" on an imaginary violin. Edie watches
dialog: curiously.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Pardon me while I reach for my beads.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What-what? Where you been the last four
dialog: five years? Outer space?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: When Mother died Pop sent me out to
dialog: school in the country. He was afraid with no one
dialog: home I'd— get into bad company.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (righteously)
dialog: Well he played it smart. Too many good-for-nothin's
dialog: around here. All they got on their mind's a little beer,
dialog: a little pool, a little—
text: (looks at her and catches himself, his face
dialog: registering: I'm
dialog: with a Nice Girl)
dialog: I better get you home.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT TENEMENT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
text: Overhead a flock of pigeons sweep by, close enough for the flapping of
text: their wings to be heard.
text: Terry and Edie approach the stoop.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Boy, they sure fly nice, don't they?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Do you like pigeons?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: That's my own flock up there, getting
dialog: their evening workout. I won plenty of races with 'em.
dialog: (impulsively)
dialog: Listen, you want to see them?
dialog: Come up on the roof with me and I'll show 'em to you.
text: They have reached the stoop of Edie's tenement.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I'd better go in.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (not wanting to let go of her)
dialog: I only live up there and across the roof.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (going in)
dialog: Thanks anyway.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (following her)
dialog: Listen, Edie, am I going to see you again?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (simply)
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (suddenly bewildered)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I really don't know.
text: Then she goes in abruptly. Terry is left standing there, staring after
text: her, confused by the unfamiliar emotion he is feeling for her. Suddenly
text: his thoughts are interrupted by—
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—MRS. COLLINS
text: The sound of a lower- floor window opening as Mrs. Collins sticks her
dialog: head out.
scene_heading: MRS. COLLINS
dialog: You got some nerve.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT—EDIE
text: Overhearing, as she enters the house.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—TERRY AND MRS. COLLINS
scene_heading: MRS. COLLINS
dialog: You know what I mean. Leave her alone.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (apologetically)
dialog: I was only talkin' to her.
scene_heading: MRS. COLLINS
dialog: She's off limits for bums like you. Leave her alone.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I can look at her, can't I? It's a free country.
scene_heading: MRS. COLLINS
dialog: (as she goes)
dialog: Not that free.
text: She closes window.
scene_heading: EDIE—INTERIOR—ON STAIRS
text: She mounts the stairs, thinking about what she has just heard. We are
text: close on her face, as she approaches the door to their place.
scene_heading: INT—EDIE'S BEDROOM—EVENING
text: As Edie enters, Pop, in his undershirt, favorite attire, is just
text: putting the last articles into Edie's suitcase. He snaps the suitcase
text: shut. There is an old cat on the bed.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: You're all packed.
dialog: (reaches into his pocket)
dialog: And here's your bus ticket. You're on your way back to
dialog: St. Anne's.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Pop, I'm not ready to go back yet.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: Edie, for years we pushed quarters into a
dialog: cookie jar, to keep you up there with the Sisters,
dialog: and to keep you from things like I just seen out
text: the window. My own daughter arm-in-arm with
dialog: Terry Malloy. You know who Terry Malloy is?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Who is he, Pop?
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (mimics)
dialog: Who is he! Edie, you're so softhearted
dialog: and soft-headed you wouldn't recognize
dialog: the devil if he had you by the throat. You know
dialog: who this Terry Malloy is? The kid brother of Charlie
text: the Gent, Johnny Friendly's right hand, a
text: butcher in a camel hair coat.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Are you trying to tell me Terry is too?
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: I'm not trying to tell you he's Little
dialog: Lord Fauntleroy.
speaker_heading: EDIE
text: He tries to act tough, but there's a look in
dialog: his eyes that... .
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: A look in his eyes! Hold your hats, brother,
dialog: here we go again. You think he's one of those
dialog: cases you're always draggin' in and feelin' sorry
dialog: for. Like the litter of kittens you had—the only
dialog: one she wants to keep has six toes and it's cockeyed
dialog: to boot. Look at him. The bum! And the
dialog: crush you had on that little Abyssinian... .
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: He wasn't Abyssinian, Pop, Assyrian... .
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: Six-toed cats. Assyrians. Abyssinians. It's
dialog: the same difference. Well don't think this Terry
dialog: Malloy is any six-toed cockeyed Assyrian. He's a
dialog: bum. Charley and Johnny Friendly owned him
dialog: when he was a fighter and when they ring the bell
text: he still goes into action.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (musing)
dialog: He wanted to see me again.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: You think we kept you out in Tarrytown just
dialog: to have you go walkin' with a corner saloon
dialog: hoodlum like Terry Malloy? Now get back to Tarrytown,
dialog: before I put a strap to you.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (flaring)
dialog: And learn about charity and justice
dialog: and all the other things people would rather talk
dialog: about than practice?
text: Pop goes up to her and holds out his two
text: arms, his right one closer to Edie; he trembles
dialog: with emotion.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: See this arm? It's two inches longer 'n the
dialog: other one. That's years of workin' and sweatin',
dialog: liftin' and swingin' a hook. And every time I heisted
dialog: a box or a coffee bag I says to myself—this is
dialog: for Edie, so she can be a teacher or somethin'
dialog: decent. I promised your mother. You better not
dialog: let her down.
text: Suddenly touched, Edie goes up to Pop and kisses him.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Pop, don't think I'm not feeling grateful for
dialog: all you've done to get me an education and shelter
dialog: me from this.
dialog: (becoming aroused)
text: But now my eyes are open. I see things I know are
dialog: so wrong how can I go back and keep my mind on things
dialog: that are only in books and that people aren't living?
dialog: I'm staying, Pop. And I'm going to keep on
dialog: trying to find out who's guilty for Joey. I'd walk
dialog: home with a dozen Terry Malloys if I thought they
dialog: could help me. I tell you I'm staying, Pop.
text: Pop starts to pull his belt out of his trousers.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: You are like—
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (with regret and affection)
dialog: Pop!
text: She turns and runs out. Pop with his belt in one hand, takes a few
text: steps after her and then stops and stares at the unused bus ticket.
speaker_heading: POP
text: (shaking his head as he mutters)
dialog: Jesus, Mary and Joseph, keep an eye on her.
scene_heading: EXT—TENEMENT ROOFTOP—EVENING
text: Autumn on the roof. It is not particularly romantic—there are
dialog: clotheslines, wooden boxes, etc. But to the people of this neighborhood
text: it is a luxurious terrace. Terry's birds are aloft, flying in a great
text: circle, nicely silhouetted against the sun-drenched evening sky. Jimmy
text: Conners is with him.
text: Terry has a long pole with which he keeps the birds circling. Moose is
text: leaning against the wall, playing an Irish melody on his harmonica. His
text: wife, a heavyset woman, sits beside him.
speaker_heading: MOOSE'S WIFE
dialog: (Moving her feet)
dialog: My feet feels like dancin'. But the rest of me just
dialog: feels like settin' here.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT—TERRY
text: As he swings his pole he looks off and sees—
scene_heading: LONG SHOT—EDIE—ROOFTOP—EVENING
text: Hurrying toward him across the rooftops.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—TERRY—ROOFTOP—EVENING
text: Catching sight of her, and stopping to admire her as she comes toward
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (to Jimmy)
dialog: Okay— I guess they got enough exercise. Let 'em come in.
text: He puts down the pole and the birds start flying down toward the coop.
text: He sees Edie approach.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I wonder how long she's goin' to hang
dialog: around, huh, Terry?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (indicating the pigeons)
dialog: Be sure they got enough water.
text: And he turns to await Edie.
scene_heading: SHOT—BRINGING EDIE TO TERRY
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I changed my mind. I feel real mean
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Good. So do I.
text: As Jimmy goes off to fetch some water, Edie reads the fancy lettering
text: on the back of his jacket.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: The Golden Warriors.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I started them Golden Warriors. I was
dialog: their first Supreme Commander.
text: Now Jimmy starts back toward them.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: My shadow. He follows me around like I was
dialog: Mickey Mantle. Thinks I'm a big man because I
dialog: boxed pro for a while.
text: (throws a few quick jabs)
text: Several pigeons swoop down and enter the coop. He nods towards her.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Here they come! The champion flock of the neighborhood.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: You don't mind yourself at all, do you.
dialog: (turns to the birds)
dialog: Joey used to race pigeons.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (darkening)
dialog: He had a few birds.
text: (pauses, nods toward Joey's coop across the roof)
dialog: I got up and fed 'em this morning.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: That was nice of you.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (disconcerted, needing to talk)
dialog: I like pigeons. You send a bird five hundred miles
dialog: away he won't stop for food or water until he's back
text: in his own coop.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I wouldn't have thought you'd be so interested
dialog: —in pigeons.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I go for this stuff. You know this city's full
dialog: of hawks? There must be twenty thousand of 'em.
text: They perch on top of the big hotels and swoop
text: down on the pigeons in the park.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (slightly horrified)
dialog: The things that go on.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (proudly indicating a large pigeon in the coop)
dialog: How do you like that one?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Oh she's a beauty.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: (critically)
dialog: She's a he. His name is Swifty.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: My lead bird. He's always on that top
dialog: perch.
speaker_heading: EDIE
text: He looks awful proud of himself.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Why shouldn't he? He's the boss.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: If another fella tries to take that perch
text: away from him, he lets him have it.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Even pigeons aren't peaceful.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: One thing about them though, they're
dialog: faithful. They get married just like people.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Better.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Yeah, once they're mated they stay
dialog: together all their lives until one of 'em dies.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: That's nice.
text: They look at each other, both strangely upset.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Listen, you like beer?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Want to go out and have one with me?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: In a saloon?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (imploring)
dialog: Come on, I know a quiet one,
dialog: with a special entrance for ladies... .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT—SALOON—LADIES' SIDE—NIGHT
text: Perhaps a sign can emphasize Ladies' Entrance. As Terry leads Edie in,
text: a tipsy Irish biddy is noisily protesting her enforced departure.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: —I'm only after havin' one more wee bit—
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You and your one-mores. Now beat it.
text: As Terry and Edie reach the bar, the radio blares a baseball game. A
text: roar goes up from the speaker. Bartender nods to Terry. In the corner a
text: small well-oiled longshoreman sings "I'll Take You Home Again,
text: Kathleen" in a plaintive, cracking voice.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Well, what do you know—Jackie
dialog: just stole home.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (glancing at Edie with a mischievous wink at the
dialog: bartender)
dialog: I wouldn't mind doing that myself.
text: The bartender grins. Terry guides Edie to a small table.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (to Edie)
dialog: What're you drinking?
text: Edie hesitates, obviously not knowing what to ask for. A customer at
dialog: the bar says, loudly—
scene_heading: SINGER OF "KATHLEEN"
dialog: (B.G.)
dialog: Give me a Glockenheimer.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (it could be root beer for all she knows)
dialog: I'll try a— Glockenheimer.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Likewise. And draw two for chasers.
dialog: (to Edie)
dialog: Now you're beginning to live.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (as the drinks are poured)
dialog: I am?
text: Edie picks up her glass, sniffs the contents with some distaste and
text: then sips it tentatively. Terry watches with amusement.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (still swaggering)
dialog: Not that way— like this.
dialog: (holds glass up)
dialog: Down the hatch!
dialog: (gulps it down)
dialog: Wham!
text: Edie takes her drink and does likewise. She gasps and her eyes pop.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (with soft amazement)
dialog: Wham... .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (grinning at her)
dialog: How do you like it?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: It's quite—
dialog: (gulps)
dialog: –nice.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: How about another one?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (already feeling this one)
dialog: No thanks... .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Hit me again, Mac.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (as he pours drink)
dialog: See the fight last night? That Riley—both hands.
dialog: Little bit on your style.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Hope he has better luck.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Were you really a prize fighter?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I went pretty good for a while, didn't I, Al?
dialog: But— I didn't stay in shape— and—
dialog: (a little ashamed)
dialog: —I had to take a few dives.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: A dive? You mean, into the water?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (laughs harshly)
text: Naw, in the ring, a dive is-
text: He stops, shakes his head and with his finger draws an invisible square
text: in the air.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (mystified)
dialog: Now what are you doing?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Describing you. A square from out there.
dialog: I mean you're nowhere.
dialog: (draws it again)
dialog: Miss Four Corners.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (smiles, but persistent)
dialog: What made you want to be a fighter?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I had to scrap all my life. Figured I might
dialog: as well get paid for it. When I was a kid my old
dialog: man got killed—never mind how. Charley and I
dialog: was put in a place—they called it a Children's
dialog: Home. Some home! I run away and peddled
dialog: papers, fought in club smokers and—
dialog: (catches himself)
dialog: But what am I runnin' off at the mouth for?
dialog: What do you care?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Shouldn't we care about everybody?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What a fruitcake you are!
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Isn't everybody part of everybody else?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Gee, thoughts! Alla time thoughts!
dialog: (then)
dialog: You really believe that drool?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (deeply shocked)
dialog: Terry!
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Want to hear my philosophy? Do it to
dialog: him before he does it to you.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (aroused)
dialog: Our Lord said just the opposite.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I'm not lookin' to get crucified. I'm lookin'
dialog: to stay in one piece.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (flaring up) I never met such a person. Not a
dialog: spark of romance or sentiment or— or human
dialog: kindness in your whole body.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What do they do for you, except get in
dialog: your way?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: And when things get in your way— or people
dialog: —you just knock them aside— get rid of
dialog: Them— is that your idea?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (defensive— stung)
dialog: Listen— get this straight— don't look at me
dialog: when you say them things. It wasn't my fault
dialog: what happened to your brother. Fixing Joey
dialog: wasn't my idea... .
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Why, Terry, who said it was?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (lamely)
dialog: Well, nobody, I guess. But that Father Barry,
dialog: I didn't like the way he kept lookin' at me.
speaker_heading: EDIE
text: He was looking at everybody the same way.
text: Asking the same question.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (troubled, not convinced)
dialog: Yeah, yeah... .
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: This Father Barry, what's his racket?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: His— racket?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (trying to regain his bravado)
dialog: You've been off in daisyland, honey.
dialog: Everybody's got a racket.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: But a priest...?
text: With his finger he again describes a square in the air and then points
text: through it to Edie. This time it angers her.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: You don't believe in anything, do you?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Edie, down here it's every man for himself.
dialog: It's keepin' alive! It's standin' in with the
dialog: right people so you can keep a little loose change
dialog: jinglin' in your pocket.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: And if you don't?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: If you don't
text: (points downward with a descending whistle)
dialog: Keep your neck in and your nose clean and
dialog: You'll never have no trouble down here.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: But that's living like an animal—
text: Terry seems almost to illustrate this by the way he drains off his beer
text: and wipes his mouth with his sleeve.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I'd rather live like an animal than end up
dialog: like—
text: He hesitates.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Like Joey? Are you afraid to mention his
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (challenged—defensive)
dialog: Why keep harpin' on it?
text: (looks at her unfinished beer)
dialog: Come on, drink up. You
dialog: got to get a little fun out of life. What's the matter
dialog: with you?
dialog: (nods toward juke box)
dialog: I'll play you some music.
text: He starts toward the juke box. She turns with him. Suddenly something
text: cries out in her, almost as if she didn't know she was going to say it—
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Help me, if you can— for God's sakes help me!
speaker_heading: CLOSE—ON TERRY
text: For the first time the edge is knocked off his swagger. He feels the
dialog: purity of her grief. He'd like to help—that's his immediate reaction.
dialog: But there's his brother Charley and his steady work and his loyalties
text: to the mob and its code. All this runs through his mind, confusing him,
dialog: tearing him... .
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON TERRY AND EDIE
text: Terry turns back to her, with a helpless gesture.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I— I'd like to, Edie, but—
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: —there's nothin' I can do.
text: Edie feels subdued, ashamed at breaking down. She rises,
dialog: and in a low
dialog: voice says—
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: All right, all right.. I shouldn't 've asked you.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You haven't finished your beer.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I don't want it. But why don't you stay and
dialog: finish your drink.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (swinging off the stool)
dialog: I got my whole life to drink.
text: As if magnetized by her, he follows her out.
scene_heading: EXT—LADIES' BAR—NIGHT
text: As Terry comes up alongside her.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You're not sore at me?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (with complete innocence)
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: For— not being any help?
text: She looks at him with disturbing simplicity.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Why no— I think you would if you could... .
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP—TERRY
text: Struck. Her faith in him and in human nature becomes the most painful
dialog: kind of accusation.
scene_heading: TWO-SHOT—EDIE AND TERRY—STREET—NIGHT
text: Softly, silently, she begins to cry.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: What are you crying for?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: I thought I felt mean tonight. But I'm not—
dialog: I'm just— all mixed up... .
text: Ahead of them down the block is an outdoor neighborhood party. The
text: rhythm of a small band reaches out to them. Edie hangs back and Terry
text: takes her hand.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Come on, I'll walk you through. It's the
dialog: shortest way home.
text: He takes her hand and she walks along with him passively. The street is
text: illuminated with colored lights and bright paper streamers. There are
text: several gaily decorated counters serving drinks and sandwiches. There
text: are balloons and colored paper hats. Neighbors are dancing in the
text: street. Children look on, a few mimicking their elders f rom the
text: sidelines. Above the street is a homemade banner inscribed: JUST
text: MARRIED— JOHNNY AND MARY O'DAY! We catch a glimpse of the happy young
text: bridal couple, as Terry and Edie reach the edge of the celebrants. Her
text: eyes light up. She has passed into a dreamlike forgetfulness.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You like music?
text: Edie nods dreamily.
dialog: —and dancing?
text: Edie nods again.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (pulling her to him before she realizes what has
dialog: happened)
dialog: We're on!
text: At first Edie dances somewhat clumsily and stiffly but gradually begins
text: to dance with zest and surprising skill, as if a whole suppressed side
text: of her nature were suddenly being released. Terry is light on his feet
text: and they do some intricate steps together.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Hey, we're good!
dialog: (grins at her)
dialog: The Sisters should see you now, huh?
text: She laughs, out of her youth and embarrassment and unexpected enjoyment
dialog: of a stolen moment.
text: Now Terry draws her to him and they dance a more conventional half-time
text: foxtrot to the music.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: I— I never knew a girl like you,
dialog: Edie. I always knew the kind you just grab 'em
dialog: And— I never knew a girl like you, Edie.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: It's fun dancing with your eyes closed. I'm
dialog: floating. I'm floating... .
text: They have danced off to a darker, less populated section of the street,
text: away from the bar and the bandstand. Behind them people are dancing and
text: laughing. Terry's lips brush her cheek as they dance, and move on to
text: her mouth.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (breathlessly)
dialog: Edie... .
text: Carried away, she allows him to kiss her and even responds. Then Terry
text: feels someone tapping him on the shoulder. He wheels around to see—
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT—BARNEY—STREET—NIGHT
text: Barney wears a colored paper hat.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I been looking for you, Terry. The boss wants you.
scene_heading: THREE-SHOT—TERRY, EDIE AND BARNEY— STREET—NIGHT
text: While the music and dancing continue around them.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Right now?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (nods)
text: He just got a call from "Mr. Upstairs." Something's
dialog: gone wrong. He's plenty hot.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I'm gonna take her home first.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I'd get over there, Terry. I'll take the little lady home.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (for Edie's benefit)
dialog: I'll come over when I'm ready.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: You know Johnny when he gets mad.
text: As suddenly as Barney arrived, he ducks off .
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON TERRY AND EDIE—STREET—NIGHT
text: Edie senses Terry's distraction.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Who was that?
text: She is about to move away; Terry puts his hand on her arm.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (impulsively)
dialog: Edie, listen, stay out of this mess. Quit tryin'
dialog: to ask things about Joey. It ain't safe for you.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Why worry about me? You're the one who
dialog: says only look out for yourself.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (pent up with his guilt and his frustrated feeling
dialog: for her)
dialog: Okay, get in hot water. But don't come hollerin' to
dialog: me when you get burned.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Why should I come hollering to you at all?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Because... because...
text: (apologetically, as if this were a sign of weakness)
dialog: Listen Edie, don't get sore now—
dialog: but I think we're getting in love with each other.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (really fighting against it)
dialog: I can't let myself fall in love with you.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (fervently)
dialog: That goes double for me.
text: As they stare at each other in entangled hostility and love, a man
text: turns from the food counter behind them, just finishing a hot dog and
text: steps into Terry's path. It is Mr. Glover, the Commission investigator.
text: In the B.G. is Gillette.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: Mr. Malloy, I was hoping I might find you here.
text: Terry turns as if to dart off. Glover puts a restraining hand on his
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: You're being served with a subpoena, Mr. Malloy.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GLOVER
text: (reaching quickly into his briefcase)
dialog: Be at the State House, Courtroom Nine, at ten o'clock
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I told you I don't know nothin' and I ain't
dialog: saying nothin'.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: You can bring a lawyer if you wish. And you're privileged
dialog: under the Constitution to protect yourself against
dialog: questions
dialog: that might implicate you in any crimes.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (more in pain than anger now)
dialog: You know what you're askin'? You're askin'—
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: (stepping in from B.G.) (sternly)
dialog: Mr. Malloy, all we're asking you to do is tell the truth.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: (more gently)
dialog: Goodnight, kid.
text: Terry looks at the subpoena in tortured confusion.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (viciously reverting to type)
dialog: I won't eat cheese for no cops, that's for sure.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (with sudden intuition)
dialog: It was Johnny Friendly who killed Joey, wasn't it?
text: Terry looks off and then looks down, unable to speak.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: He had him killed or had something to do with it,
dialog: Didn't he? He and your brother Charley?
text: Terry drops his eyes again; he can say nothing.
dialog: You can't tell me, can you? Because you're a part
dialog: of it. You're as bad as the worst of them, aren't
dialog: you, Terry? Aren't you? Tell me the truth!
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Edie, your old man's right, go back to
dialog: that school out in daisyland. You're driving yourself
dialog: nuts— you're driving me nuts— stop worrying
dialog: about the truth— worry about yourself.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Look out for number one. Always number
dialog: one.
dialog: (her voice rising in anger)
dialog: I should've known you wouldn't tell me.
dialog: Pop said Johnny Friendly used
dialog: to own you. I think he still owns you.
dialog: (then gently, and hating to have to say it)
dialog: No wonder everybody calls you a bum.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (as if struck)
dialog: Don't say that, Edie, don't...
text: Edie is crying softly, without sobs.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (with a half-sob)
dialog: It's true.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I'm tryin' to keep you from being hurt—
dialog: What more do you want?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Much more, Terry. Much, much more!
text: She runs off. Terry looks after her, pained; the subpoena weighs in his
text: hand. He stares at it in agony, while the party swirls around him. Then
text: the blare of an auto horn cuts through the music.
speaker_heading: VOICE OF JOHNNY
speaker_heading: (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, genius.
text: Terry looks up.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT
text: Johnny Friendly's black Cadillac parked across the street. A driver,
text: Sonny, Truck, Big Mac, and Charley are in it. Terry hurries up to them.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (lamely)
dialog: I— I was just on my way up, Johnny.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: By way of Chicago?
text: Sonny starts to laugh but Johnny cuts him short .
dialog: How many times you been knocked out, Terry?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Only two times, why, Johnny?
text: Throughout the following tirade, Charley would like to intervene in
text: Terry's behalf, but Johnny roughly nudges him into silence.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: It must have been once too often. I
dialog: think your brains come apart. What you got up
dialog: there, Chinese bells?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Aw, Johnny... .
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I thought you were gonna keep an eye
dialog: on that church meeting.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Nothing happened, Johnny.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Nothing happened, he says. Some operator
dialog: you got yourself there, Charley. One more
dialog: like him and we'll all be wearing striped pajamas.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (turning to Charley for help)
dialog: It was a big nothing! The Father did all the talking.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Oh, he did. Half an hour later a certain
text: Timothy J. Nolan went into secret session with
dialog: the Commission and he did all the talking.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You mean Kayo Nolan, the old timer? He
dialog: doesn't know much.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: He don't, huh?
dialog: (produces a bound folder of testimony
text: from his pocket and slams it on the fender)
dialog: Well, he knows thirty-nine pages worth of our operation.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: How'd you get that.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (thumbing 'upstairs)
dialog: I got it. Hot off the press.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: The complete works of Timothy J. Nolan.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Nolan? I knew he had guts but—
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
text: Guts! A crummy pigeon who's looking
dialog: to get his neck wrung! (to Charley) You should have
dialog: (to Charley)
dialog: You should have known better than to trust this
dialog: punched out brother of yours.
dialog: He was all right hanging around
dialog: for laughs. But this is business. I don't like goofoffs
dialog: messing in our business.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Now just a minute, I—
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: What the hell are you doing with his sister?
dialog: (then turning to Johnny)
dialog: It's that girl, Johnny, the little Doyle broad has him out
dialog: on his
text: feet. An unhealthy relationship.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Definitely!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Don't see her no more. Unless you're
dialog: both tired of living. Barney, you got her address?
dialog: (then to others, businesslike)
dialog: Now listen, if we don't muzzle Nolan, we're into the
dialog: biggest stink this town ever seen. We got the best
dialog: muscle on the waterfront. The time to use it is now—
dialog: pronto— if not sooner.
text: (to Terry, as he climbs in the car)
dialog: And you know where you're going? Back in the hold—
text: no more cushy job in the loft. It's down the hold
dialog: with the sweat gang till you learn your lesson.
text: Johnny twists Terry's cheek, but not in fun this time, as he has often
text: done before. Now it is hard enough to draw blood. Then he turns to the
dialog: driver.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Let's go!
text: The car drives off fast, almost running Terry down. He stands there
text: looking after it, alone in the street, feeling his wounded cheek and
text: then scowling as he looks down at the subpoena in his hand.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT—FREIGHTER—DAY
text: The ship is being unloaded. An empty pallet is swung from the pier and
text: lowered into the open hatch by the up-and-down-fall tackle. Our CAMERA
text: rides the pallet down into the hatch, to the second level, where Terry
text: is working. A little removed from him are Pop, Moose and Nolan. They
text: are unloading Irish whiskey.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
text: (lifting a case onto the pallet joyously)
text: An Ir-rish ship loaded to the gunnels with foine Ir-rish
dialog: whiskey!
text: He does a little jig and kisses the case as he sets it on the pallet.
text: Pop and Moose laugh. But Terry looks over at Nolan tensely. Then he
text: looks up out of the hatch.
speaker_heading: EXT—DOCK—DAY
text: Johnny Friendly comes up to the edge of the dock with Sonny and Truck.
text: Johnny mumbles something under his hand to Sonny and Sonny nods and
text: jumps down onto the deck of the ship.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—ON DECK—NEAR HATCH—DAY
text: Sonny motions to Specs Donahue, glimpsed as Joey's killer at the
text: opening. Specs nods and goes over to the winchman guiding the tackle
text: over the hatch. He nods to him, and takes his place. Then he catches
dialog: the eye of—
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—BIG MAC
text: Standing on the deck just above the open hatch. A wordless message
text: passes between him and Specs. Then he looks down into the hatch.
scene_heading: INT—HATCH—DAY
text: Terry works grimly, glancing up anxiously at Nolan, Pop and Moose whose
text: mood, in contrast, is a whiskey-inspired euphoria.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: You see, Kayo, the good Lord watches over
dialog: us after all.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (in an undertone, gaily)
dialog: When we knock off let's have a bit of a party.
dialog: We'll drink to God and Ireland, its whiskey and its women,
dialog: to Joey and Edie— and death to tyrants everywhere... .!
text: As he finishes this he reveals surreptitiously the neck of a whiskey
text: bottle concealed in his deep-pocketed jacket.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (with mock concern)
dialog: You think one bottle's enough for all
dialog: them toasts?
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Patrick, me lad, I'm ahead of you.
text: With a wink he reaches into his other pocket and draws up the neck of
text: another bottle.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: I was afraid one bottle might get lonely by itself.
text: (reaching into still another pocket and revealing
dialog: still more bottles)
dialog: Now you see the advantage of a little man in
text: a big coat.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Definitely! Nolan, my boy, you're a
dialog: walkin' distillery.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: I wonder how many Hail Marys the
dialog: Father'll make me say at confession.
dialog: (reflects)
dialog: It'll be worth it!
text: The pallet is loaded now. Terry turns and approaches Nolan.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (with a nervous glance upward)
dialog: Listen— Nolan—
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (backing away suspiciously)
dialog: What are you down here for— to see we don't make
dialog: off with any of Mister Friendly's precious cargo?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (miserably)
dialog: Nolan... .
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—BIG MAC
text: Looking down into the hatch. Above him we can see Specs at the winch
dialog: controls.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: Come on, Kayo, get it up!
scene_heading: INT—HATCH—DAY
text: Nolan and Pop look up at him and then back to their work with
text: mischievous resentment.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: (continuing to bellow)
dialog: And don't be walking off with any of that.
dialog: You know how the boss feels about individual pilferage.
scene_heading: INT—HATCH—DAY
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (pretending to clean out his ears)
dialog: Talk louder. I can't hear you.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: If you kept your ears wide open instead
dialog: of your mouth—
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (shouting back)
dialog: If I talk too loud it's the fault of the nuns.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: And what in blazes have the nuns got
dialog: to do with it?
speaker_heading: NOLAN
text: (lowers his voice and confides in the hatch gang)
dialog: When I was a mere spit of a lad on Ferry Street in
dialog: Dublin the nuns used to say to me, "Nolan, don't
dialog: be swallowin' ye words like fishballs. When you
dialog: got something to say—
text: (Now he shouts up at Big Mac.)
dialog: —Talk with your mouth wide open," so if I'm loud
dialog: don't blame me— it's the fault of the nuns!
text: Pop laughs, at Big Mac's expense. The laughter is infectious and sweeps
text: the hatch. Moose lets go with his loud "haw haw." Everyone laughs
text: except Terry, who watches in a cold sweat.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: (furiously, from above)
dialog: Come on, knock it off!
text: The men laugh even louder.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Haw haw— that's a good one, Kayo.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: (able to shout above their laughter)
dialog: Knock it off! Stand clear.
text: (to Specs, the winchman, above the hatch)
dialog: All right, take it away.
text: Big Mac looks at Specs, touches his cap in a signaling gesture and
dialog: nods.
text: CLOSE—ON SPECS AT WINCH ABOVE HATCH
text: He catches the signal. From below the laughter of the men can be heard
dialog: O.S.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON CARGO SLING
text: Full of whiskey cases, from angle of Kayo Nolan, Pop, Terry, and
text: others, watching it rise out of the hatch. The general laughter
text: continues. Terry is stiff with fear.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT—SPECS
text: Suddenly he appears to lose control of the winch, guiding the up-and-
dialog: down fall.
speaker_heading: CLOSE—ON NOLAN
text: Standing in the middle of the hatch, looking up, as the cargo net
text: begins to plunge downward. The general laughter stops. From farther
text: back in the hold Terry cries:
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Nolan...!
text: And tries to pull him back out of danger. Too late. The overloaded
text: cargo net crashes down on Nolan. Wood splinters—glass shatters—and
text: whiskey sprays. Kayo Nolan is pinned under the broken pile of cases.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (shouting up)
dialog: Get a doctor.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (hard, flat tone)
dialog: A doctor— he needs a priest
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT—HATCH—DAY
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON FATHER BARRY
text: He stands over the body of Kayo Nolan, which lies on the pallet and has
text: been covered by a tarpaulin.
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT—HATCH
text: Pop, Moose, Luke and the others stand near him. On the deck around the
text: hold some seventy-five longshoremen have gathered, including Big Mac.
text: Others look down from the dock and the loft. Terry is in the same
dialog: position we left him.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (aroused)
dialog: I came down here to keep a promise.
dialog: I gave Kayo my word that if he stood up to the
dialog: mob I'd stand up with him all the way. Now
dialog: Kayo Nolan is dead. He was one of those fellows
dialog: who had the gift of getting up. But this time they fixed
dialog: him good— unless it was an accident like Big Mac says.
text: Pop, Moose, and some of the others glare at Big Mac, who chews his
text: tobacco sullenly. Some of the others snicker "accident."
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Some people think the Crucifixion
dialog: only took place on Calvary. They better wise
text: up. Taking Joey Doyle's life to stop him from
text: testifying is a crucifixion— Dropping a sling on Kayo
dialog: Nolan because he was ready to spill his guts
dialog: tomorrow— that's a crucifixion. Every time the
text: mob puts the crusher on a good man— tries to
dialog: stop him from doing his duty as a citizen— it's a
dialog: crucifixion.
speaker_heading: CLOSE—ON TERRY
text: Voice of Father Barry continues.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: And anybody who sits around and lets it happen,
text: keeps silent about something he knows has happened—
text: shares the guilt of it just as much as the Roman soldier
dialog: who pierced the flesh of Our Lord to see if He was dead.
scene_heading: SHOT OF EDIE—ON DOCK
text: Listening, moved. Terry has come up behind her and stands nearby. She
dialog: notices
text: him but barely reacts. He listens intently to the Father's words.
dialog: (NOTE: I am not indicating in detail the other necessary reactions—
text: those of Pop, Moose, the Negro Luke, the watchful hostility of Sonny
text: and Truck, the murderous arrogance of Johnny Friendly, and the
text: sophisticated cynicism of Charley Malloy.
dialog: But most important of all is the impression being made on Terry.)
speaker_heading: CLOSE—ON TRUCK
speaker_heading: TRUCK
dialog: Go back to your church, Father.
scene_heading: INT—HATCH—DAY
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
text: (looking up at Truck and pointing to the ship)
dialog: Boys, this is my church. If you don't think
dialog: Christ is here on the waterfront, you got another
dialog: guess coming. And who do you think He lines up
dialog: with—
speaker_heading: CLOSE—ON SONNY
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Get off the dock, Father.
text: Sonny reaches for a box of rotten bananas on the dock and flings one
text: down into the hatch.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON FATHER BARRY
text: The banana splatters him, but he ignores it.
text: BACK TO SONNY—ON DOCK
text: Terry turns to him. Edie notices this and watches with approval.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Do that again and I'll flatten you.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: What're you doing. Joining them—
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Let him finish.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Johnny ain't going to like that, Terry.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Let him finish.
text: Edie looks at him amazed. Terry catches her eye, and then looks down,
text: embarrassed at his good deed. They both turn to watch Father Barry.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT—CHARLEY
text: Near Johnny, watching Terry and then looking at Johnny apprehensively.
scene_heading: INT—HATCH—DAY
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
text: Every morning when the hiring boss blows his
dialog: whistle, Jesus stands alongside you in the shape-up.
text: More missiles fly, some hitting the Father, but he continues:
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: He sees why some of you get picked and some
dialog: of you get passed over. He sees the family men
dialog: worrying about getting their rent and getting food
text: in the house for the wife and kids. He sees them
text: selling their souls to the mob for a day's pay.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON JOHNNY FRIENDLY
text: Nodding to Barney. Barney picks up an empty beer can and hurls it down
text: into the hatch.
scene_heading: INT—HATCH—DAY
text: It strikes Father Barry and blood etches his forehead. Pop jumps
text: forward and shakes his fist.
speaker_heading: POP
text: By Christ, the next bum who throws something
dialog: deals with me. I don't care if he's twice my
dialog: size.
text: Some of the other longshoremen grumble approval.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: What does Christ think of the easy-money boys
dialog: who do none of the work and take all of the gravy?
dialog: What does He think of these fellows wearing
dialog: hundred-and-fifty-dollar suits and diamond rings—
dialog: on your union dues and your kickback money?
dialog: How does He feel about bloodsuckers picking
text: up a longshoreman's work tab and grabbing
dialog: twenty percent interest at the end of a week?
speaker_heading: CLOSE—ON J.P.
dialog: J.P.
dialog: Never mind about that!
scene_heading: CLOSE—OF SONNY—ON DOCK
text: Scowling. Terry, nearby, is increasingly moved by the Father's
dialog: challenge.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: How does He, who spoke up without fear
dialog: against evil, feel about your silence?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Shut up about that!
text: He reaches for another rotten banana and is poised to throw it. Almost
text: simultaneously, Terry throws a short hard right that flattens Sonny
text: neatly. Edie is watching, a deeply felt gratitude in her eyes.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON JOHNNY FRIENDLY AND TRUCK
text: A little way off .
speaker_heading: TRUCK
dialog: You see that?
text: Johnny presses his lips together but makes
dialog: no sign.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON TERRY AND EDIE
text: She moves closer to him. He barely glances at her, then continues
text: listening to Father Barry.
scene_heading: INT—HATCH—DAY
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: You want to know what's wrong
dialog: with our waterfront? It's love of a lousy buck. It's
dialog: making love of a buck— the cushy job— more
dialog: important than the love of man. It's forgetting
dialog: that every fellow down here is your brother in
dialog: Christ.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON POP—MOOSE—LUKE—TERRY AND EDIE
text: As Father Barry's voice rises to a climax—
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: But remember, fellows, Christ is always with you—
text: Christ is in the shape-up, He's in the hatch—
text: He's in the union hall— He's kneeling
dialog: here beside NolanÑand He's saying with all
dialog: of you—
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON FATHER BARRY
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: If you do it to the least of mine,
dialog: you do it to me! What they did to Joey, what they
dialog: did to Nolan, they're doing to you. And you. And
dialog: YOU. And only you, with God's help, have the
dialog: power to knock 'em off for good!
dialog: (turns to Nolan's corpse)
dialog: Okay, Kayo?
text: (then looks up and says, harshly)
dialog: Amen.
text: He makes the sign of the cross. Pop, Moose, Tommy, Luke, and the others
text: do likewise. Big Mac and Specs, seeing the others, reluctantly follow
text: suit. Then, disgruntled, Big Mac climbs up out of the hatch and
dialog: bellows:
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: All right, fellows— break it up! Let's go!
text: Strongly moved, the longshoremen glare at Big Mac and then silently
text: start back to their places on the deck, in the hatches, on the dock,
dialog: etc.
speaker_heading: MOVING SHOT
text: The pallet rises out of the hatch with the body on it. Pop sits
text: casually on the edge with Father Barry who, in pantomime, is cadging a
dialog: cigarette.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON EDIE AND TERRY
text: Edie crosses herself. Then she looks at Terry. They look at each other
dialog: and the feeling
text: in both of them is some terrible hunger beyond their control. For a
text: moment it seems as if Terry must go to her, but instead he turns away,
text: slowly, as if this were the most diffi cult thing he was ever asked to
text: do. Edie looks after him and we feel that she will yield to impulse and
text: call out to him. But she looks down instead, finally, and closes her
text: eyes, imperceptibly trembling against desire. Luke comes up to her,
text: but she is lost in her own most private thoughts and does not
text: see him. He carries Joey's jacket, the one Nolan has been wearing.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Edie... .
dialog: (nudges her)
dialog: Edie—
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Oh— Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Joey's jacket. I thought maybe
dialog: Kayo'd like you to have it back.
text: Edie looks at him, and takes it silently. She hugs it to her, whispers,
text: "Thank you," and, in a kind of sleepwalking, starts toward the entrance
text: of the pier. Luke watches her anxiously.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sure you're okay?
text: She nods and continues on alone.
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT—ROOFTOP—NIGHT
text: At the pigeon coop near Terry's rooftop window. Under the window is the
text: mattress he uses as outdoor sleeping quarters on hot summer nights.
text: Terry is staring in at the pigeons, full of his own troubled,
text: bestirring thoughts. Edie comes up behind him almost silently, carrying
dialog: the jacket.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Edie!
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (holding the coat out to him)
dialog: I— I brought this for you, Terry.
dialog: It was Joey's.
text: (her conscious self trying to conceal
dialog: 3t4the real meaning)
dialog: Yours is coming out at the elbows.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (close to her— and not really caring what he is
dialog: saying)
dialog: I don't rate it.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Go ahead, wear it.
text: From the pigeon coop comes the soft sound of pigeons cooing as if
dialog: upset.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Pigeons... .
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: There's a hawk around. They're scared
dialog: tonight.
text: She looks up and huddles a little closer to him. Now he reaches out for
text: her—groping with an unfamiliar inexorable emotion.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Edie— I— I— never said this to a girl
dialog: before, I never knew a girl worth trying to say it
dialog: for, but you— you're... .
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (whispering and suddenly wiser than he)
dialog: I know... I know... .
text: He kisses her at last, with pent-up violence and hunger. The sound of a
text: deep-throated ship's whistle rolls across the river but they do not
text: hear it. There is a tremendous sense of release and relief as their
text: mouths and bodies press together.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT—CONFESSION BOOTH—DAY
text: Terry waits in anguish for the shutter of the confessional to open.
text: When it does, Father Barry is glimpsed from within.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (blurting it out)
dialog: Father, help me, I've got blood on my hands.
text: Father Barry looks at him.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Bless me, Father, for I have—
text: To Terry's amazement the shutter closes abruptly.
scene_heading: INT—CHURCH—OUTSIDE CONFESSION BOOTH—DAY
text: As Father Barry steps out of the booth, Terry hurries from his side of
text: the booth and clasps Father Barry's arms violently. Father Barry keeps
text: on walking and Terry follows him.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What's the matter? I've got something
dialog: That's chokin' me. I've gotta get it out.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Someone else c'n take your confession.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (following him)
dialog: But you're the one I want to tell—
dialog: what you said over Nolan— about keepin'
dialog: silent when you know the score— I'm guilty— you
dialog: hear me? I'm guilty... .
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (trying to move on)
dialog: I don't want to hear it in there.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I don't get it!
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (rapidly)
dialog: Tell it to me in there and
dialog: my lips are sealed. But if I dig it out myself I can
dialog: use it where it'll do the most good.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: But you've got to listen to me.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: I'll find you a priest.
text: Father Barry starts off again. Terry follows him desperately, under a
text: terrible compulsion to bare himself to Father Barry. He grabs the
text: Father by the arm fiercely, half spinning him around.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (with relief, as he gets it out)
dialog: Listen, it was me who set Joey Doyle up for the muggers.
text: Father Barry stops and stares at him, realizing Terry is ready at last.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Come take a walk with me, kid,
dialog: and give it to me straight. There's nothing I
dialog: haven't heard.
text: They turn toward the exit of the church.
scene_heading: EXT—LONG SHOT—CHURCH
text: They enter the park, on rise overlooking the docks, Terry talking to
text: him eagerly.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT—TERRY AND FATHER BARRY
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (pouring it out)
dialog: —It started as a favor— for
dialog: my brother— you know they'd ask me things and
dialog: it's hard to say no— a favor— Who am I kiddin'?
dialog: They call it a favor but it's do it or else. And this
dialog: time the favor turned out to be helping them
dialog: knock off Joey. I just thought they'd lean on him a
dialog: little but— Last night with Edie I wanted to tell
dialog: her only it— stuck in my throat. I guess I was
dialog: scared of drivin' her away— and I love her, Father.
dialog: She's the first thing I ever loved.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (almost brusquely)
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: About Edie?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Edie. The Commission. Your subpoena.
dialog: I know you got a subpoena.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: It's like carrying a monkey around on your back.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (agreeing)
dialog: A question of who rides who.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: If I spill, my life won't be worth a nickel.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: How much is your soul worth if you don't?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: But it's my own brother they're askin' me
text: to finger— and Johnny Friendly. His mother and
dialog: my mother was first cousins. When I was this
dialog: high he took me to the ball games... .
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (violently)
dialog: Ball games! Don't break my heart!
dialog: I wouldn't care if he gave you a life
dialog: pass to the Polo Grounds. So you
dialog: got a brother. Well, let me tell you something
dialog: you got some other brothers— and they're all getting the
dialog: short
dialog: end while your cousin Johnny gets mustard on
dialog: his face at the Polo Grounds. If I was you—
text: (He catches himself and drops his voice.)
dialog: — Listen, I'm not asking you to do anything,
dialog: Terry. It's your own conscience that's got
dialog: to do the asking.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Conscience... .
dialog: (shakes his head ruefully)
dialog: I didn't even know I had one until I met you and
dialog: Edie... this conscience stuff can drive you nuts.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Good luck.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (waiting for someone to do it for him)
dialog: Is that all you've got to say to me, Father?
text: Father Barry looks off .
scene_heading: LONG SHOT—PIER WALL—DAY
text: Edie coming toward them in the distance.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—FATHER BARRY AND TERRY
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: It's up to you. Just one more thing. You better tell Edie.
text: Terry turns in Edie's direction, reluctantly. He goes off toward her.
text: Father Barry stands looking after him.
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT—EDIE AND TERRY—AT BURNED PIERS—DAY
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Edie... Edie... ..
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (turning to him)
dialog: Terry, what's wrong?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I've been sittin' in the church.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (almost inarticulate)
dialog: Yeah, yeah, it's up to me, it's up to me—
dialog: he says it's up to me.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Who says?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: The Father. The Father.
text: He is trembling.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry— what's happening to you?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I just told the Father.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Told him what?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What I did to Joey.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: You... .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (louder)
dialog: What I did to Joey.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Don't tell me— don't tell me!
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (plunging in)
dialog: Edie— it's—
text: What he starts to say is drowned out by an immense, prolonged blast of
text: the whistle from the departing ocean liner. Terry shouts his story out
text: to Edie compulsively but we cannot hear it over the rasping sound of
text: the whistle. Edie is horrified as she catches enough words to realize
text: what Terry is trying to say. The whistle pauses a moment, giving us
text: just enough to hear Terry shout—
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Didn't know—
text: Then the blast of the boat whistle drowns him out again. When it
text: finally stops, Terry is finishing—
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: —but don't you see, Edie, I never thought they'd—
text: (then hysterically as he feels her turning away from
dialog: him)
dialog: I don't know what to do, Edie, I don't know
dialog: what to do! I swear to God I—
text: She looks at him, turns and strides off .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (calling, desperately)
dialog: Edie... Edie... What'll I do, Edie, what'll I do?
text: She doesn't look back. Terry watches her go, with mounting anguish;
text: then he lurches on in drunken confusion.
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: EXT—ROOFTOP—DAY
text: As Terry, still dazed, enters onto the roof, Jimmy Conners, in his
dialog: Golden Warrior blazer,
text: is exercising the pigeons. He sees Terry and runs up to him. Jimmy
text: talks in a whisper.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Hey, Terry, guess who's here... that joker
dialog: from the Commission... .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Looking for me?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
text: He's got his nerve, gum-shoeing around
dialog: here after what you told him.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (grabs Jimmy)
dialog: Jimmy, suppose I knew something,
dialog: say a mug somebody put on somebody... .
dialog: (violent gesture illustrates what he means)
dialog: You think I should turn him in?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: A cheese-eater! You're kidding!
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Yeah, I'm kidding, I'm kidding. You don't
dialog: think I should turn him in... .
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: (gives him a look)
dialog: You was a Golden Warrior.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Yeah— us Golden Warriors.
dialog: (grabs Jimmy)
dialog: You're a good kid, Jimmy, a good tough kid. We
dialog: stick together, huh, kid?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: You was our first Supreme Commander,
dialog: Terry. Keep out of sight and I'll tell him you're
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: But I ain't out. I'm in. I'm in. Who's lying
dialog: to who?
scene_heading: ROOFTOP—ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Terry walks over to where Glover is sitting, rubbing his feet.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You looking for me?
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: Not exactly. Just thought I'd sit down
dialog: and rest my dogs a minute.
text: (smiles and rubs his ankle)
dialog: You know the next investigation we get into I hope
dialog: it's got buildings with elevators in them. This one
dialog: has been nothing but climbing stairs. And when
dialog: we hit the top ßoor the folks are usually out.
text: Jimmy gestures behind him as if to say "Get a load of this square."
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (distractedly)
dialog: I guess it's pretty tough work at that.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Well, it'll be worth it if we can
dialog: tell the waterfront story the way the people have
dialog: a right to hear it. Don't you think?
text: Terry shrugs. Glover studies him.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: Didn't I see you fight in the Garden one night
dialog: three or four years ago? With a fellow called Wilson?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (still preoccupied)
dialog: Wilson— yeah— yeah— I fought Wilson.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: I thought you were going to take him that night but...
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (this is the key that unlocks him)
dialog: You want to know something— I would have taken Wilson—
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: I think you could have.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: If I licked him I would have had the title
dialog: shot instead of him— boy, I was ready that night.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: You sure looked it. Something go wrong?
text: Terry has been growing more and more animated but now he becomes
text: sullen.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Yeah. Johnny Friendly and my brother
dialog: had other ideas.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: Such as what?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: Listen, this ain't for publication.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: (amused)
text: I'm just resting my feet.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Remember the first round how I had him
text: against the ropes, and—
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: I'll never forget it. I thought it was all
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Yeah. My own blood— and they sell me out
dialog: for a lousy bet— I had it in me to hit the top and—
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Boy, if I wanted to, the things I could tell you
dialog: about them guys—
text: (then catches himself and pauses)
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: (expectantly)
dialog: Yeah?
text: Terry is silent.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: (rises)
dialog: Well, I better get going. Hit those
text: stairs again.
dialog: (turns casually)
dialog: Was that a looping right or an uppercut the
dialog: first time you caught him?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (insulted)
dialog: Looping right! I never swung wild. I was strictly
text: a short puncher— hooks— over 'n under—
text: (pantomimes, with violent short breath-releases)
dialog: — whop-whop!
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Yeah, really!
text: As Glover reaches the door, Terry keeps following him.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Where you going? I'll walk along with you.
speaker_heading: GLOVER
dialog: (grins warmly)
dialog: Sure... .
text: Terry follows Glover out, continuing to pantomime punches. Jimmy looks
text: after them and frowns.
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT—FRIENDLY BAR—NIGHT
text: Back room. It is set up as an informal kangaroo court . Jocko is
text: pointing at Charley Malloy, who is
text: on the hot seat. Johnny Friendly is the judge, flanked by Big Mac,
text: Truck, Sonny, Barney, Specs, J.P. Morgan and others.
dialog: J.P.
dialog: I didn't hear them, boss, but I sure seen them,
text: walking along and smiling like a pair of lovers.
text: Charley looks uncomfortable. He hasn't finished his drink.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (watching him carefully)
dialog: Drink up, Charley. We're ahead of you.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (disturbed)
dialog: I'm not thirsty.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (drinking)
dialog: After what we been hearing about your brother,
dialog: I thought your throat'd be kind of dry.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
text: So they're walking along and smiling.
dialog: That doesn't mean he's going to talk. There's no
text: evidence until he gives public testimony.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Thanks for the legal advice, Charley.
dialog: That's what we always kept you around for.
dialog: (smiles wisely)
dialog: Now how do we keep him from giving this
dialog: testimony? Isn't that the— er— as you put it—
dialog: main order of business?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: He was always a good kid. You know that.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: He'sa bum. After all the days I give
text: him in the loft— he got no gratitude.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (offended)
dialog: Please, Mac, I'm conducting this—
dialog: (nodding to Charley)
dialog: —investigation.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: This girl and the Father got their hooks
text: in him so deep he doesn't know which end is up
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I ain't interested in his mental condition.
dialog: All I want to know is, is he D 'n D or is he a
dialog: canary?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I wish I knew.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: So do I, Charley. For your sake.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: What do you want me to do, Johnny?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Very simple. Just bring him to... that
dialog: place we been using. Mac, you take care of the
dialog: details. Call Gerry G. in if you think you need
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Gerry G!! You don't want to do that,
dialog: Johnny! Sure the boy's outa line, but he's just a
text: confused kid.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Confused kid? First he crosses me in
text: public and gets away with it and then the next
dialog: joker, and pretty soon I'm just another fellow
dialog: down here.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Johnny, I can't do that. I can't do that, Johnny.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Then don't.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: But my own kid bro—
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: This is for you to figure out. You can have it your
dialog: way or you can have it his way.
text: (gestures with his palms up and his palms down)
dialog: But you can't have it both ways.
dialog: (turns to Sonny)
dialog: Am I right, Sonny?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Definitely!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (thumbing Charley to his feet)
dialog: Okay, on your horse, you deep thinker.
text: Charley rises reluctantly, his confident, springy manner now gone.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: INT—TAXICAB—EVENING—(N.Y.B.G.)
text: Charley and Terry have just entered the cab.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Gee, Charley, I'm sure glad you stopped
dialog: by for me. I needed to talk to you. What's it they
dialog: say about blood, it's—
dialog: (falters)
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (looking away coldly)
text: Thicker than water.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (gravel voice, without turning around)
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
text: Four thirty-seven River Street.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: River Street? I thought we was going to
dialog: the Garden.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I've got to cover a bet there on the way
dialog: over. Anyway, it gives us a chance to talk.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (good-naturedly)
dialog: Nothing ever stops you from talking, Charley.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: The grapevine says you picked up a subpoena.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (Noncommittal, Sullen.)
dialog: That's right... .
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (watching for his reaction)
dialog: Of course, the boys know you too well to mark
dialog: you down for a cheese-eater.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Mm—hmm.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: You know, the boys are getting rather
dialog: interested in your future.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Mm—hmmm.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: They feel you've been sort of left out of
dialog: things, Terry. They think it's time you had a few
dialog: little things going for you on the docks.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: A steady job and a few bucks extra, that's
dialog: all I wanted.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Sure, that's all right when you're a kid,
dialog: but you'll be pushing thirty pretty soon, slugger.
dialog: It's time you got some ambition.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I always figured I'd live longer without it.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Maybe.
text: Terry looks at him.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
text: There's a slot for a boss loader on the
dialog: new pier we're opening up.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (interested)
dialog: Boss loader!
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Ten cents a hundred pounds on everything
dialog: that moves in and out. And you don't have
dialog: to lift a finger. It'll be three-four hundred a week
dialog: just for openers.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: And for all that dough I don't do nothin'?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Absolutely nothing. You do nothing and you
dialog: say nothing. You understand, don't you, kid?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (struggling with an unfamiliar problem of conscience
dialog: and loyalties)
dialog: Yeah— yeah— I guess I do— but there's
dialog: a lot more to this whole thing than I thought,
dialog: Charley.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: You don't mean you're thinking of testifying
dialog: against—
text: (turns a thumb in toward himself)
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I don't know— I don't know! I tell you I
dialog: ain't made up my mind yet. That's what I wanted
dialog: to talk to you about.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (patiently, as to a stubborn child)
dialog: Listen, Terry, these piers we handle through
dialog: the locals— you know what they're worth to us?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I know. I know.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Well, then, you know Cousin Johnny
dialog: isn't going to jeopardize a setup like that for one
dialog: rubber-lipped—
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (simultaneous)
dialog: Don't say that!
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: —ex-tanker who's walking on his heels— ?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Don't say that!
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: What the hell!!!
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I could have been better!
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: The point is— there isn't much time, kid.
text: There is a painful pause, as they appraise each other.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: I tell you, Charley, I haven't made up my mind!
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Make up your mind, kid, I beg you, before we get
dialog: to four thirty-seven River... .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Four thirty-seven— that isn't where Gerry G...?
text: Charley nods solemnly. Terry grows more agitated.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Charley... you wouldn't take me to Gerry G... .?
text: Charley continues looking at him. He does not deny it. They stare at
text: each other for a moment. Then suddenly Terry starts out of the cab.
text: Charley pulls a pistol. Terry is motionless, now, looking
dialog: at Charley.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Take the boss loading, kid. For God's
dialog: sake. I don't want to hurt you.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (hushed, gently guiding the gun down toward
dialog: Charley's lap)
dialog: Charley... . Charley... . Wow... .
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (genuinely)
dialog: I wish I didn't have to do this, Terry.
text: Terry eyes him, beaten. Charley leans back and looks at Terry
text: strangely. Terry raises his hands above his head, somewhat in the
text: manner of a prizefighter mitting the crowd. The image nicks Charley's
dialog: memory.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (an accusing sigh)
dialog: Wow... .
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: What do you weigh these days, slugger?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: ...eight-seven, eighty-eight.
dialog: What's it to you?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (nostalgically)
dialog: Gee, when you tipped one seventy-five
dialog: you were beautiful. You should've
dialog: been another Billy Conn. That skunk I got to
dialog: manage you brought you along too fast.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: It wasn't him!
dialog: (years of abuse crying out in him)
dialog: It was you, Charley. You and Johnny. Like the
dialog: night the two of youse come in the dressing
dialog: room and says, "Kid, this ain't your night— we're
dialog: going for the price on Wilson." It ain't my night.
dialog: I'd of taken Wilson apart that night! I was ready—
dialog: remember the early rounds throwing them combinations.
dialog: So what happens— This bum Wilson
text: he gets the title shot— outdoors in the ballpark!
dialog: – and what do I get— a couple of bucks and
text: a one-way ticket to Palookaville.
text: (more and more aroused as he relives it)
dialog: It was you, Charley. You was
dialog: my brother. You should of looked out for me.
dialog: Instead of making me take them dives for the
dialog: short-end money.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: I always had a bet down for
dialog: you. You saw some money.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (agonized)
dialog: See! You don't understand!
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I tried to keep you in good with Johnny.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You don't understand! I could've been a
dialog: contender. I could've had class and been somebody.
dialog: Real class. Instead of a bum, let's face it,
dialog: which is what I am. It was you, Charley.
text: Charley takes a long, fond look at Terry. Then he glances quickly out
dialog: the window.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT—WATERFRONT—NIGHT
text: From Charley's angle. A gloomy light reflects the street numbers—433—
dialog: 435—
scene_heading: INT—CLOSE—CAB—ON CHARLEY AND TERRY — NIGHT
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: It was you, Charley... .
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
text: (turning back to Terry, his tone suddenly changed)
dialog: Okay— I'll tell him I couldn't bring you in.
dialog: Ten to one they won't believe it, but— go ahead,
dialog: blow. Jump out, quick, and keep going... and God
dialog: help you from here on in.
scene_heading: LONGER ANGLE—CAB—NIGHT
text: As Terry jumps out. A bus is just starting up a little further along
dialog: the street.
scene_heading: EXT—MEDIUM LONG SHOT—RIVER STREET—NIGHT
text: Running, Terry leaps onto the back of the moving bus.
scene_heading: INT—CAB—RIVER ST.—NIGHT
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (to driver as he watches Terry go)
dialog: Now take me to the Garden.
text: Charley sinks back in his seat, his hand covering his face. The driver
text: turns around, gives him a withering look, steps on the gas, and guns
dialog: the car into—
scene_heading: EXT—MEDIUM LONG SHOT—RIVER STREET—NIGHT
text: They have reached a garage, and now the car zooms through the entrance.
text: We catch a glimpse of Truck, Sonny and Big Mac.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT—EXT—JOHNNY'S LIMOUSINE —NIGHT
text: Johnny is watching from across the street.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—ON GARAGE DOOR—NIGHT
text: Big Mac and Sonny pull the big black sliding door shut until the screen
text: itself is blacked out. Inside there is the roaring sound of a motor
dialog: racing.
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT—EDIE'S BEDROOM—NIGHT
text: Edie is in bed. There is a pounding on the door.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Who is it?
scene_heading: INT—HALLWAY OUTSIDE DOYLE DOOR—NIGHT
text: Terry, in a wild state after his escape, is pounding on the door.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Edie, it's me— let me in— it's me!
text: He pounds on the door even harder.
speaker_heading: CLOSE—ON EDIE
text: The pounding continues.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (Fiercely)
dialog: Stop it! Stop it! Get away from here!
speaker_heading: VOICE OF TERRY
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: I've got to see you. Got to talk to you.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Leave me alone. I want you to leave me alone!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON DOOR
text: The pounding grows louder. Suddenly there is the sound of the door
text: being broken open. Edie draws back against the head of her bed, pulling
text: the covers around her. Terry runs in wild-eyed.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I had to, Edie. I had to see you.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Lucky Pop isn't home, he'd kill you.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You think I stink, don't you? You think I
dialog: stink for what I told you?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I don't want to talk about it. I want you to
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (grabbing her)
dialog: Edie, listen to me! I want you
dialog: to believe me. I want to be with you.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (wrenching herself free)
dialog: How can you be with Charley and Johnny
dialog: Friendly and still be with me? Either way it's a lie.
dialog: It's like there were two different people inside of you.
dialog: You've got to be one or the other.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: I don't want to hurt Charley— I don't want to hurt you...
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: It's you who's being hurt. By keeping it
dialog: inside you, like a poison. Sooner or later it's got
dialog: to come out.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I know what you want me to do!
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I don't want you to do anything. Let your
dialog: conscience tell you what to do.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (pounding his fist on the bed)
dialog: That—
dialog: (pound! pound!)
dialog: —word again! Why do you keep saying
dialog: conscience, conscience... .
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I never mentioned the word before.
text: In his agony he grips a glass standing on
text: the night table.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I keep hearing it and I don't know what to
dialog: do..I don't know what to do... .
text: Without realizing what he is doing, he squeezes the glass in his
text: powerful fist until it breaks. The glass cuts his hand. He draws back
dialog: in pain.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: My hand.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: It's just a scratch. You won't die.
text: She turns away from him.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Edie...
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Get away from me.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Edie, I need you to love me. Tell me you
dialog: love me.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I didn't say I didn't love you. I said stay
dialog: away from me.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (groping for her)
dialog: Edie, Edie, I...
text: His arms move around her. Her reaction is convulsive. Her hands move
text: over him in anger and love.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Stay away from me
dialog: (her face close to his)
dialog: Stay away from me—
dialog: (closer)
dialog: Stay—
text: They kiss, lying across the bed, and the fever seizes them again.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: —away from me!
text: Then, after some moments, they are distracted by—
scene_heading: VOICE FROM THE STREET
dialog: Hey, Terry, come on down. I got something to show you,
dialog: Terry.
text: Startled, they cling to each other. The voice calls again—
scene_heading: VOICE FROM THE STREET
dialog: Hey, Terry, your brother's down here.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (more curious)
dialog: Charley?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Charley's waitin' for ya. Come on down
dialog: and see him.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Don't go. Don't go.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: But Charley— maybe Charley needs me. I
dialog: better see what he wants.
dialog: He goes.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Terry...
text: She rises and calls toward the door—
dialog: Terry...
text: Then she runs to the window.
scene_heading: EXT—EDIE AT WINDOW—NIGHT
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Terry... .
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You hear what I heard?
text: Edie looks up and to one side.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON MRS. COLLINS
text: Looking out another window of the tenement.
scene_heading: MRS. COLLINS
dialog: That's the same way they called Andy out
dialog: the night I lost him.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON EDIE—AT WINDOW
text: Horrified. Looking for Terry. She runs from the window.
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON FIRE ESCAPE—NIGHT
text: As Edie runs out onto it. She looks down wildly, searching for Terry. A
text: ship's whistle makes a mournful sound. A great luxury liner is heading
text: out to the harbor. Fog is drifting in over the roof. She peers down but
text: can see nothing. She hears a wild shriek from the street and runs to
text: the railing again. It is only a teenager whooping it up below. Then she
dialog: hears shots—Bang—Bang—
text: Bang—and the sound of a police siren. She raises her hands to her head
text: and cries.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry.
text: Then she hears the follow-up of the police siren. It is only a TV set
text: near the open window of the floor below.
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER
dialog: And now for your weekly dramatic
text: thrill straight from the files of the City's
dialog: Finest— Police Patrol... .
dialog: ("Dragnet"-type music)
text: Edie turns away in exasperation. She calls down the fire escape into
dialog: the fog.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry!
text: There is no answer. Mrs. Collins appears on the fire escape in her
dialog: kimono.
scene_heading: MRS. COLLINS
dialog: Don't go down!
text: Mrs. Collins tries to restrain her but Edie wrenches away—
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry!
text: She starts to run hysterically down the fire escape.
scene_heading: EXT—LANDING UNDER FIRE ESCAPE—NIGHT
text: As Edie is coming down the outside metal steps, Mutt is wandering along
dialog: singing mournfully—
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Tippi-tippi-tin, tippi-Tin... .
text: A window opens and an angry voice cries:
speaker_heading: LOUD VOICE
dialog: Drop dead!
text: An old shoe is hurled at Mutt, just as Edie turns toward him.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: (to the angrywindow)
dialog: Spit on me, curse me and stone me, but I suffer
dialog: for your sins... .
speaker_heading: LOUD VOICE
dialog: Go suffer somewhere else, you bum.
text: The window bangs shut. Mutt sees Edie and turns his attention to her.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: I seen it. I seen them put him to death! I
text: heard him cry out.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (impatiently— almost hysterically)
dialog: Who. Who did you see?
speaker_heading: MUTT
text: His executioners. They was stabbing him
text: in his side. And his soft eyes was looking down at
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (desperately) Tell me who.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: (lifting his head from his hands)
dialog: Our Lord Jesus. When He died to save us...
text: He gropes toward her as if to paw her.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (with loathing)
dialog: Oh get away— get away!
text: She runs on. Mutt goes staggering off in the opposite direction,
text: singing his song. Edie runs on until she sees Terry in the mist.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry!
text: She runs into his arms.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Terry, I'm frightened. More and more frightened.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I'm looking for Charley. I heard Charley
dialog: was waiting for me.
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Charley?
text: There is no answer. Terry frowns. Edie points through the darkness.
scene_heading: SAME VOICE IN FOG
dialog: Wanna see Charley? He's over here.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (as they hurry forward)
dialog: Hey, Charley... .
scene_heading: EXT—MEDIUM CLOSE—WHITE WALL—NIGHT
text: The headlights of a car suddenly illuminate Charley against the wall.
text: Charley is leaning against the lamp post, in a very casual attitude,
text: looking as dapper as usual. Terry and Edie run to him. The car drives
dialog: off .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Looking for me, Charley?
text: Charley seems to study them silently. Terry nudges him.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Hey Charley.
text: Charley slides down the wall and crumples to the ground. Dead. Edie
text: screams. Terry drops beside the body.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: He's dead. He's dead. Those scummy,
dialog: good-for-nuthin' butchers!.
text: The lights of an approaching car catch them in its beam. Terry reacts
text: quickly, cowering against the wall and pulling Edie down behind him
text: protectively.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: Behind me. Behind me. It may be them
dialog: coming back!
text: They huddle in fear as the car comes closer; then it turns and the
text: lights are no longer on them. Terry lets out a soft whistle of relief
text: as the car drives off. Edie is completely panicked now.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (in a horrified whisper)
dialog: Terry, let's go away.
text: Terry takes Charley's arm, which is twisted behind him, and straightens
text: it tenderly.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Charley.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (hysterically)
dialog: I mean it, let's get away from
dialog: here, first Joey then Nolan, now Charley—
dialog: and any minute... .
text: (stares at him, almost saying "you")
dialog: ...I'm frightened— I'm frightened.
text: Terry seems not to hear. There are tears in his eyes but fury in his
text: voice as he mutters to himself.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I'll take it out of their skulls.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I don't want to see you killed. I want to live
dialog: with you. Live with you. Any place it's safe to walk
dialog: the streets without... .
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (in a terrible mutter to himself)
dialog: I'll take it out of their skulls.
text: He rises, in a dangerous, animal rage.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry, no, no... .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Don't hang on to me. And don't follow
dialog: me. Don't follow me.
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Call the Father. Ask him to take care of Charley for me. My
dialog: brother.
dialog: There's something I got to do.
text: He looks around, takes note of and strides toward—
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT—PAWN SHOP—NIGHT
text: A little way down the block. An iron grille protects the windows. Terry
text: goes up to the grille and looks in. Edie follows him anxiously.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT—PAWN SHOP WINDOW—THROUGH GRILLE—NIGHT
text: There are watches, rings, fishing rods, guitars, cameras, musical
text: instruments, suits, furs, bowler hats, and—about two feet back from the
text: window—a .45 revolver in a holster and a belt of cartridges.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: They put a hole in Charley. I'll
dialog: put holes in them.
text: Edie sees what Terry is after and tries to restrain him.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry, go home. There's nothing you can do
text: now. It's locked up.
text: Terry looks at her unseeingly, then drives the toe of his shoe through
text: the diamond shaped opening in the grille, and through the glass behind
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT—PAWN SHOP WINDOW—NIGHT
text: Shooting toward Terry, the coveted revolver in the F.G. Terry's fingers
text: cannot quite reach it. He has to press his shoulder painfully against
text: the jagged glass in order to inch closer to it. He contorts his face in
text: pain as the glass cuts through his jacket into his flesh. Blood begins
text: to dampen his shoulder but with a final effort he gets his fingers
text: around the gun.
scene_heading: EXT—PAWN SHOP—NIGHT
text: As Terry draws the gun from the window and slips it into his pocket,
text: Edie sees the blood dripping from the rip in his jacket.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry, you're bleeding.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (in a flat tone)
dialog: Do what I told you. Take care of Charley.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry, for God's sake.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Get out of my way.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: No, I can't let you. I can't, you're—
text: She clings to him sobbing.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (violently)
dialog: I don't want to hurt you, but... out of my way!
text: He flings her from him and goes on loading the gun, as she sobbingly
text: watches him go off .
scene_heading: INT—FRIENDLY BAR—NIGHT
text: As Terry enters. The usual crowd are present: Barney, Specs, Sonny,
text: Truck, J.P., etc. There is a comedian on TV and everyone is laughing
text: but the laughter dies at the sight of Terry. He goes up to the bar
text: tensely. Everyone watches in silence. There is a suggestion of men
text: feeling for their guns but nobody moves.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Is Johnny in?
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: No?
text: To see for himself, Terry strides through to the back room and throws
text: open the door. The back room is empty. Then he takes a seat at the bar
text: so he can watch the room and the entrance. The customers eye him
dialog: carefully.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (to Jocko)
dialog: Give me a double.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: Take it easy now, Terry.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Keep the advice. Give me the whiskey.
text: Jocko sets the drink up. He notices the jagged tear in Terry's jacket
text: and the spreading stain of blood from the shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: What's wrong with your shoulder?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (draining his glass)
dialog: Hit me again.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: (in an undertone)
dialog: Listen, kid, why don't you go home before Johnny... .
text: Terry pushes his empty pony glass forward for another one.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: No advice. Just whiskey.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: (pouring it)
dialog: Easy. Easy, boy.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE—TOWARD ENTRANCE
text: Footsteps are heard outside the swinging doors. Terry turns to face the
text: entrance, his hand going to the gun in his pocket. Sonny, Truck,
text: Barney, and others all watch him, ready for the draw. Jocko
text: automatically crosses himself and turns off the TV, which is now only
text: an irritant. The swinging doors open, but it's not Johnny. Just a
text: couple of happy waterf ront barfl ies. But the moment they enter their
text: grins vanish as they are made to feel the tension. They look at Terry,
text: then they look at the goons watching Terry.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: (to the newcomers)
dialog: What'll you have?
speaker_heading: NEWCOMER
dialog: Thanks just the same.
text: The two men bolt out the doorway. In the silence we hear the creaking
text: of the ancient swinging doors. The silence is oppressive. Terry works
text: his hand over his bleeding shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: You ought to go home and take care of that—
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (watching the doorway, growls)
dialog: First things first.
text: Once more steps are heard on the sidewalk outside the bar. Once more
text: everyone is on edge for the showdown between Terry and Johnny. All
text: eyes are on the swinging doors.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—SWINGING DOORS—NIGHT
text: Father Barry enters, followed by Moose, Tommy, Luke. CAMERA goes with
text: Father Barry as he walks right up to Terry.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: I want to see you, Terry.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You got eyes. I'm right in front of you.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Now don't give me a hard time.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What do you want from me, Father.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (putting out his hand)
dialog: Your gun.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Mind your own business, Father.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: This is my business.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Why don't you go and chase yourself?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (slowly) Give me that gun.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You go to hell.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (advancing)
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (just a trifle disconcerted)
dialog: You go to—
text: Father Barry throws a good right hand punch that catches Terry by
text: surprise and knocks him down. Terry rises, feeling his shoulder, which
text: is oozing blood now and weakening him. He charges Father Barry like a
text: tormented animal.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Why you... .
text: Moose and Luke grab him, although Father Barry waits calmly.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (to Terry)
dialog: Get wise to yourself, you bum.
text: The word hits him. Terry drops his hands slowly, weaving as if weak
dialog: from loss of blood.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (chastened)
dialog: Take your hands off me. What you call me?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (to Terry)
dialog: A bum. Look what you're doing. You want to be brave?
dialog: Firing lead into another man's flesh isn't brave. Any bum
dialog: who picks up a .45 in a pawn shop can be that
dialog: brave. You want to hurt Johnny Friendly? You
dialog: want to fix him for what he did to Charley— and a
dialog: dozen men who were better than Charley? Don't
text: fight him like a hoodlum down here in the jungle.
dialog: That's just what he wants. He'll hit you in the
dialog: head and plead self-defense. Fight him tomorrow
dialog: in the courtroom— with the truth as you know
dialog: it— Truth is the gun— Drop that thing and tell the
dialog: truth— a more dangerous weapon than this little —
text: (reaches into Terry's pocket and removes the gun as
dialog: he talks)
text: —cap pistol.
text: The two men look at each other. Father Barry's words cut him.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: That is, if you've got the guts. If you haven't, you
dialog: better hang on to this.
text: Father Barry offers the gun back to Terry contemptuously. Terry takes
text: the gun, and holds it self-consciously.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: You want a beer?
dialog: (to Jocko)
dialog: Two beers.
text: Jocko sets them up and Father Barry and Terry drink them off, looking
text: at each other. The drink seems to refresh Terry. He turns around to
text: Jocko and slams the gun down on the bar.
text: Behind the bar is a large picture, in the place of honor, showing
text: Johnny Friendly arm-in-arm with "Mr. Upstairs," beaming with self-
dialog: confidence.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Father, there is one thing I'd like to do.
text: So saying, he takes his revolver and hurls it into the face of the
dialog: picture.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (feeling better)
dialog: Tell Johnny I was here.
text: Terry looks around defiantly at the tense gunmen—and starts out with
dialog: Father Barry and the group.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—JOCKO—BEHIND BAR
text: Watching Terry leave. Breathing a sigh of relief as he picks up the
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: (inadvertently)
dialog: ... nice boy... .
text: Then he catches the dark looks of Sonny, Truck, Barney, etc., and
text: busies himself at the bar.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT—TRAVELING SHOT—COURTROOM—DAY
text: A court room door opens. It is the door out of which the witnesses are
text: brought to testify for hearings of the Waterf ront Crime Commission. A
text: counsel is just finishing questioning Big Mac...We don't photograph
dialog: this.
text: We show Terry walking slowly towards his seat. Edie and Father Barry
text: are in the audience. Also Johnny and some of the mob. We hear the
speaker_heading: dialogue (O.S.)
speaker_heading: COUNSEL (O.S.)
dialog: You mean to sit there and tell
dialog: me that your local takes in sixty-five thousand,
dialog: five hundred dollars every year and keeps no
dialog: financial records?
speaker_heading: BIG MAC (O.S.)
dialog: Sure we keep records!
speaker_heading: COUNSEL (O.S.)
dialog: Well, where are they?
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: We was robbed last night and we can't find no books.
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT—COUNSEL AND BIG MAC
speaker_heading: COUNSEL
dialog: Doesn't it seem odd to you that five
dialog: different waterfront locals were broken into last
dialog: night and the only articles removed were financial
dialog: records?
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: (steadfastly)
dialog: What do you mean, odd? We was robbed like I told you.
speaker_heading: COUNSEL
dialog: (waving him aside)
dialog: That's all. Next witness!
text: Big Mac steps down, mopping his brow. Terry steps up to the stand. They
text: glare at each other as they pass. We CUT to Edie looking on anxiously
text: from the spectators' section, to Father Barry, Pop, Moose, Tommy, and
text: Luke sitting together leaning forward.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Terrence Francis Malloy.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole
dialog: truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God?
text: There is a momentary pause.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT—EDIE, FATHER BARRY
text: Sitting with Pop, Moose, Luke, and Tommy. Waiting for his answer.
speaker_heading: CLOSE—ON TERRY
text: His hand raised for the oath. When he answers, it seems more than a
dialog: mere judicial formality.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Right... I do.
speaker_heading: COUNSEL
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Mr. Malloy, is it true that on the
dialog: night Joey Doyle was found...
scene_heading: CLOSE—ON LARGE TV SET IN AN ELEGANT STUDY
text: We see Terry testifying on the TV screen.
speaker_heading: COUNSEL
dialog: ...dead you were the last person to see him before he
dialog: was pushed off the roof, and that you went immediately
dialog: to the Friendly Bar where you expressed your feelings
dialog: about the murder to Mr. Johnny Friendly?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: That's right.
text: During the above a butler's hand sets a highball glass down beside a
text: rich leather chair, and a strong, manicured hand wearing an expensive
text: ring picks up the glass.
speaker_heading: VOICE OF BUTLER
dialog: Will there be anything else, sir?
scene_heading: VOICE OF "MR. UPSTAIRS"
dialog: (an impressive, heavy voice)
dialog: Yes, Sidney, if Mr. Friendly calls, I'm out, and
dialog: you don't know when I'll be back.
speaker_heading: VOICE OF BUTLER
dialog: Very good, sir.
text: The CAMERA moves in on the TV screen, the court room image spins, and
dialog: when it fi nally stops, we are back to—
scene_heading: INT—MEDIUM CLOSE—COURTROOM—ON TERRY — DAY
speaker_heading: COUNSEL
dialog: .. Thank you, Mr. Malloy, you've done
dialog: more than to break the case of Joey Doyle, you
text: have held up a lamp of truth in the dark cave of
dialog: waterfront crime. You may step down now.
text: As Terry steps down, he is quickly surrounded by police bodyguards, who
text: lead him toward the chamber behind the court-room. As he steps into the
text: aisle Johnny Friendly leaps up from a long bench facing the aisle.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (struggling to get at Terry)
dialog: You're a walkin' dead man! You're dead on this waterfront
dialog: and
dialog: every other waterfront from Boston to New
dialog: Orleans. You won't go anywhere, drive a truck or
dialog: a cab or push a baggage rack without one of my
dialog: guys have the eye on you. You just dug your own
dialog: grave, dead man, go fall in it!
dialog: (spits in Terry's face)
text: Terry leaps at him instinctively. The gavel sounds repeatedly and there
text: are cries of "Order! Order!" Johnny wrestles with Terry, but they are
text: roughly separated by court room guards
text: who lead Terry off toward the door to the private chambers. Edie leaves
text: her seat and tries to get to Terry but is kept off by the guards.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Sorry, Miss, our orders is to keep everybody
dialog: away.
text: They lead Terry off, as the voice of the clerk is saying—
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
text: Next witness, Mr. Michael J. Skelly,
dialog: also known as Johnny Friendly... .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT—CLOSE—COURTHOUSE LOBBY AND STAIRS ON HEAVY FOOTSTEPS—DAY
dialog: Terry's.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TWO MORE PAIRS OF HEAVY FOOTSTEPS
text: Terry's police bodyguards.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—TERRY AND POLICEMEN CROSSING COURTHOUSE LOBBY—DAY
text: Old men and bums are sitting on the park benches. Loitering outside are
text: two of Terry's old chums, Chick and Jackie. Terry has to go right past
dialog: them.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: Hi Chick— Jackie...
text: They look at him coldly, and turn away. Terry goes on, unhappily, the
text: police guards just behind him.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (half turning, irritably)
dialog: Have to walk right on top of me?
speaker_heading: FIRST COP
dialog: Orders, Terry.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You're stepping on my heels— you're
dialog: making me nervous.
speaker_heading: SECOND COP
dialog: Terry, you're hot, you know that,
dialog: you should be glad we're this close to you.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Trailing me like that, you make me feel
text: like a canary.
speaker_heading: FIRST COP
dialog: (grins a little)
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Now beat it— go ahead— beat it.
speaker_heading: SECOND COP
dialog: Take it easy, Terry, take it easy.
text: He looks at his colleague and winks—they understand and fall back,
text: allowing Terry to continue on down the stairs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT—TERRY'S ROOM
text: Edie is preparing coffee on a little stove in the corner as Terry
text: enters, drained and let down.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Edie.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I thought you might want some hot coffee.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (shaking his head moodily)
dialog: Thanks just the same.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Well, it's over.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: But I feel like— My friends won't talk to me.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (bitingly)
dialog: Are you sure they're your friends?
text: Terry looks at her and then paces restlessly. He looks out and sees—
speaker_heading: EXT—ROOFTOP—DAY
text: Jimmy, on the roof.
scene_heading: INT—TERRY'S ROOM—DAY
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (calling, halfheartedly)
dialog: Hey, Jimmy— how's the kid?
text: Jimmy doesn't answer. Terry goes to the window.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Hey, Jimmy!
speaker_heading: EXT—ROOFTOP—DAY
text: Jimmy Conners, near the pigeon coop. He looks up at Terry sullenly and
text: doesn't answer.
scene_heading: INT—TERRY'S ROOM—DAY
text: Terry draws back in defeat.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Jimmy too.
speaker_heading: JIMMY'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: A pigeon for a pigeon... !
text: Through the open window is flung the body of a dead pigeon. It falls at
text: Terry's feet. He looks down at it. Its neck has been wrung.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (brokenly)
dialog: Swifty— my lead bird—
text: He looks out toward his coop—then climbs out the window and hurries
text: toward it. We hold on Edie who watches him, worried, and then follows
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: EXT—ROOFTOP—DAY
text: Terry goes to his coop. On the floor are every one of his pigeons,
text: perhaps three dozen, all with their necks wrung. Terry picks one up.
text: Its head hangs limp.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (looks off)
dialog: Jimmy...
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: He's going to have to grow up too.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (from deep inside him)
dialog: My pigeons... .
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry, you better stay in for a while. I'll
dialog: come and cook your meals. Be sure you keep the
text: door locked.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (not seeming to hear her)
dialog: Every one of 'em... .
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: You heard what Johnny said. No part of the
dialog: Waterfront'll be safe for you now. Maybe inland—
dialog: the Middle West somewhere— a job on a farm... .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (mutters disgustedly)
dialog: Farm...
text: He turns and starts back toward his room. She follows desperately.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Does it have to be the waterfront! Pop, he's
dialog: an old man, it's all he knows, but you— you could
dialog: do lots of things, get into something new, anything
dialog: as long as it's away from Johnny Friendly!
scene_heading: INT—TERRY'S ROOM
text: Terry enters. Edie's voice follows him as she trails behind him. He
text: sits on the bed and looks at the cargo hook hung on a peg on the wall.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Doesn't that make sense!
text: Terry doesn't answer. He takes the cargo hook from the wall and jabs it
text: viciously into the floor.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: I don't think you're even listening to me!
text: He pulls the cargo hook out and jabs it into the floor again.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: ...are you?
text: He looks up at her, frowns and then studies the cargo hook, tapping it
text: into his hand with pent-up feeling. The feeling is a strong and
text: infectious one. Edie senses it and accuses him—
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: You're going down there!
text: He looks up at her again for a moment and then works his hand over the
text: handle of the hook.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (her voice rising)
dialog: Just because Johnny warned you not to, you're
dialog: going down there, aren't you?
text: He doesn't say anything but the determination in him seems to be
text: constantly mounting.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: You think you've got to prove something to
dialog: them, don't you? That you are not afraid of them
dialog: and— you won't be satisfied until you walk right
dialog: into their trap, will you?
text: His silence maddens her. She seems on the verge of striking him out of
text: frustration and impotent rage. Her voice is hysterical—
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Then go ahead— go ahead! Go down to the
dialog: shape-up and get yourself killed, you stupid, pigheaded,
dialog: son of a—
dialog: (struggles to control herself)
dialog: What are you trying to prove?
text: With a decisive gesture Terry takes the hook and sticks it
dialog: through his
text: belt. Then he goes to the wall and lifts Joey's windbreaker
dialog: from the
text: nail on which it has been hanging. He puts the windbreaker
dialog: on in a
text: deliberate way, and grins at her as he does so; then he
dialog: walks to the
text: door with a sense of dignity he has never had before.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You always said I was a bum. Well—
dialog: (points to himself)
dialog: —not anymore. I'm going down to the dock.
dialog: Don't worry, I'm not going to
dialog: shoot anybody. I'm just going to get my rights.
dialog: (rubs the sleeve of the jacket)
dialog: Joey's jacket. It's time I start wearing it.
dialog: He goes.
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT—PIER—SHAPE-UP—MORNING
text: Big Mac facing the semicircle of several hundred men. Into this circle
dialog: walks Terry.
text: Other longshoremen instinctively move away from him as he approaches.
speaker_heading: CLOSE—BIG MAC
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: I need fifteen gangs today. Everybody works!
text: He picks men out very quickly and they move forward from the mass.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE—TERRY—PIER—DAY
text: He has taken his stand defiantly, with his hands in his pockets,
text: looking Big Mac in the eyes. Big Mac picks men all around Terry.
text: He makes it obvious by reaching over Terry's shoulder to pick men
text: behind him. Finally there are only a handful left around Terry,
text: and then they are chosen. Terry is left standing there along.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (brazenly)
dialog: You're still a man short for that
dialog: last hatch gang, Mac.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
text: (without looking at Terry, calls to Sonny)
dialog: Hey, Sonny, go across to the bar and pick up the first
dialog: man you see.
text: Now Big Mac looks at Terry for the first time.
speaker_heading: BIG MAC
dialog: Where are them cops of yours, stoolie?
dialog: You're gonna need 'em.
text: He turns away. Terry stands there seething. He looks around at Pop, and
text: the others ready to enter the pier. They look away, still fearful of
text: Big Mac and the power of the mob, and feeling guilty for their
dialog: passivity.
scene_heading: INT—JOHNNY FRIENDLY'S OFFICE ON WHARF—DAY
text: Johnny looks across at the isolated figure of Terry. Sonny, Truck, and
text: Specs are with Johnny. On the desk are tabloids with headlines
text: reading NAME JOHHNY FRIENDLY AS WATERFRONT MURDER BOSS. Under the
text: banner head is a large picture of Johnny.
speaker_heading: TRUCK
dialog: That ain't a bad picture of you, boss.
text: Johnny glares at him and pushes the paper aside angrily.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I wish you'd let us go to work on that
dialog: cheese-eater.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (with both hands working)
text: After we get off the front page. Then he's mine.
dialog: I want him.
scene_heading: EXT—CLOSE—PIER ENTRANCE—ON TERRY AND BIG MAC—DAY
text: Sonny returns with "the first man he saw"—Mutt Murphy. Mutt and Terry
text: glance at each other.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Here's your man, Mac.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Okay.
text: Mac nods Mutt on into the pier, the one armed derelict turning back
text: with an apologetic gesture. Terry's fury grows. Mac growls at him—
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You want more of the same? Come back tomorrow.
text: Terry looks at him, and then across at Johnny's office on the wharf.
text: His hands begin to tremble.
text: He turns and starts walking slowly, resolutely, down the gangplank
text: leading to Johnny's headquarters.
scene_heading: INT—JOHNNY FRIENDLY'S OFFICE
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (seeing Terry through window)
dialog: He's comin' down!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: He's gotta be crazy!
speaker_heading: TRUCK
text: (glancing out, growls)
dialog: Yeah, here comes the
dialog: bum now. I'll top 'im off lovely.
text: Behind Johnny's back the click of a revolver safety latch is heard.
text: Johnny whirls on him quickly
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Gimme that.
speaker_heading: TRUCK
dialog: (offended)
dialog: How are we gonna protect ourselves?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Ever hear of the Sullivan Law? Carrying
dialog: a gun without a permit? They'll be on us for anything
dialog: now. The slightest infraction. Give.
dialog: (turns to the other goons)
dialog: All of you? Give— give— give—
text: Sonny, Truck and the others reluctantly give up their guns. Johnny
text: turns to the safe and begins to open it.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: We're a law-abidin' union. Understand?
text: (As he puts the guns in the safe and slams the safe
dialog: door.)
dialog: A law-abidin' union!
scene_heading: EXT—UNION LOCAL OFFICE ON WHARF—DAY
text: Terry walks compulsively down the ramp to the office.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Hey, Friendly! Johnny Friendly,
dialog: come out here!
text: Johnny comes out of his office followed by his goons.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: You want to know the trouble with you?
dialog: You think it makes you a big man if you
dialog: can give the answers.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Listen, Johnny—
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Go on— beat it. Don't push your luck.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You want to know somethin'—?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I said beat it! At the right time I'll catch
dialog: up with you. Be thinkin' about it.
text: As he starts to turn back into his office, Terry advances, steaming
dialog: himself up.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (louder)
dialog: You want to know something? Take
dialog: the heater away and you're nothin'— take the
dialog: good goods away, and the kickback and the
text: shakedown cabbage away and the pistoleros—
dialog: (indicating the others)
dialog: —away and you're a great big hunk of nothing—
text: (takes a deep breath as if relieved)
dialog: Your guts is all in your wallet and your trigger finger!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (with fury)
dialog: Go on talkin'. You're talkin'
dialog: yourself right into the river. Go on, go on... .
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (voice rising defiantly)
dialog: I'm glad what I done today, see?
dialog: You give it to Joey, you give it to
dialog: Nolan, you give it to Charley who was one of your
dialog: own. You thought you was God Almighty instead
dialog: of a cheap— conniving—good-for-nothing bum!
dialog: So I'm glad what I done— you hear me? —glad
dialog: what I done!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: You ratted on us, Terry.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: (aware of fellow longshoremen watching the duel)
dialog: From where you stand, maybe. But I'm standing
dialog: over here now. I was rattin' on myself all them
dialog: years and didn't know it, helpin' punks like you
dialog: against people like Pop and Nolan an'... .
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
text: (beckoning Terry with his hands, in a passion of
dialog: hate)
dialog: Come on. I want you. You're mine. You're
dialog: mine! Come on!
text: FIGHT ON UNION OFFICE DECK—SERIES OF SHOTS
text: As Johnny takes an aggressive step forward, Terry runs down the ramp
text: and hurls himself at him. They fight furiously on the deck of the
text: houseboat. A fight to the death. A violent brawl with no holds barred.
text: First one, then the other has the advantage. In B.G., longshoremen
text: we know creep forward and watchi n amazement.
scene_heading: LONGSHOREMEN WATCHING
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That kid fights like he useta!
text: Others nod but show no inclination to join in and face the goons.
dialog: BACK TO FIGHT
text: Which mounts in intensity as CAMERA FOLLOWS it around the narrow deck
text: bordering the union offi ce. Johnny knees Terry but Terry retaliates
text: with desperate combinations that begin to beat Johnny to the deck. Both
text: of their faces are bloody and hideously swollen
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE—GOONS
text: At this point Sonny, Truck and the other goons jump in to save their
text: leader. Terry fights them off like a mad man, under vicious attack from
dialog: all angles.
scene_heading: LONGSHOREMEN WATCHING
dialog: They'll kill 'im! It's a massacre! etc.
text: But they still hang back, intimidated by Johnny Friendly and his
dialog: muscle.
scene_heading: TERRY FIGHTING
text: His face a bloody mask, being punched and kicked until he finally goes
text: down. Goons are ready to finish the job when a battered Johnny Friendly
dialog: mutters:
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: That's enough. Let 'im lay there.
text: Terry is crumpled on the deck, senseless, in a pool of blood.
scene_heading: REVERSE—ON EDIE AND FATHER BARRY
text: Pushing their way anxiously through the crowd of longshoremen.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (tight-lipped)
dialog: What happened? What happened?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (to young longshoreman)
dialog: Tommy, what happened?
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: Where you goin'?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: Let me by.
text: BACK TO TERRY
text: Blood seeping from his many wounds as Father Barry and Edie run in and
text: kneel at his side. Johnny Friendly near by.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You want 'im?
dialog: (as he goes)
dialog: You can have
dialog: 'im. The little rat's yours.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: (to longshoreman)
dialog: Get some fresh water.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry...?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Terry... Terry... .
text: Terry groans, barely conscious.
scene_heading: ENTRANCE TO PIER—ON BOSS STEVEDORE
text: In felt hat and business suit, symbols of executive authority.
scene_heading: BOSS STEVEDORE
dialog: Who's in charge here? We
dialog: gotta get this ship going. It's costing us money.
text: The longshoremen hang back, glancing off toward the fallen Terry.
scene_heading: BOSS STEVEDORE
dialog: (waving them towardhim)
dialog: Come on! Let's get goin'!
text: The men don't move.
scene_heading: BOSS STEVEDORE
dialog: I said— c'mon!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: How about Terry? If he don't work, we don't work.
text: Others around him murmur agreement.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (from B.G.)
dialog: Work! He can't even walk!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY ON RAMP
text: Surrounded by longshoremen ignoring Stevedore's command, tries to drive
dialog: them on.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Come on! Get in there!
dialog: (grabbing Pop and shoving him forward)
dialog: Come on, you!
text: From force of habit, Pop begins to comply. Then he catches himself and
text: turns on Johnny.
speaker_heading: POP
dialog: (sounding more sad than angry)
dialog: All my life you pushed me around.
text: Suddenly he shoves Johnny off the ramp into the water scummy with oil
text: slick and riverbank debris.
scene_heading: JOHNNY IN WATER
text: Cursing.
scene_heading: POP AND LONGSHOREMEN
text: Cheering Johnny Friendly's humiliation.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (from water)
dialog: Come on, get me outa here.
text: BACK TO STEVEDORE
scene_heading: BOSS STEVEDORE
dialog: Let's go! Time is money!
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: You hoid 'im. Terry walk in, we walk in with 'im.
text: Others facing Stevedore mutter agreement.
scene_heading: TERRY,FATHER BARRY AND EDIE
text: Terry's eyes flutter as they bathe his wounds.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (to Father Barry)
text: They're waiting for him to walk in.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: You hear that, Terry?
dialog: (as Terry fails to respond)
dialog: Terry, did you hear that?
text: (trying to penetrate Terry's batteredmind)
dialog: You lost the battle but you have a chance to win
dialog: the war. All you gotta do is walk.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (slowly coming to)
dialog: ...walk?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Johnny Friendly is layin' odds
dialog: that you won't get up.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (in B.G., shouts)
dialog: Come on, you guys!
text: Friendly's voice acts as a prod on Terry.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: Get me on my feet.
text: They make an effort to pick him up. He can barely stand. He looks
text: around unseeingly.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Am I on my feet...?
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: Terry...?
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: You're on your feet. You can finish
dialog: what you started.
text: Blood oozing from his wounds, Terry sways, uncomprehendingly.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: You can!
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (mutters through bloody lips)
dialog: I can? Okay. Okay...
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (screams at Father Barry)
dialog: What are you trying to do?
speaker_heading: ANGLE—ON RAMP
text: As the groggy Terry starts up the ramp, Edie reaches out to him. Father
text: Barry holds her back.
speaker_heading: FATHER BARRY
dialog: Leave him alone. Take your hands off him—
dialog: Leave him alone.
text: Staggering, moving painfully forward, Terry starts up the ramp. Edie's
dialog: instinct is to help him but Father Barry, knowing the stakes of this
text: symbolic act, holds her back. Terry stumbles, but steadies himself and
text: moves forward as if driven on by Father Barry's will.
scene_heading: TERRY APPROACHING PIER ENTRANCE
text: As he staggers forward as if blinded, the longshoremen form a line on
text: either side of him, awed by his courage, waiting to see if he'll make
text: it. Terry keeps going.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE—BOSS STEVEDORE—TERRY'S POV
text: Waiting at pier entrance as Terry approaches. Shot out of focus as
dialog: Terry would see him
text: through bloody haze.
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: As the men who have formed a path for him watch intently, Terry
text: staggers up until he is face to face with the Stevedore. He gathers
text: himself as if to say, "I'm ready. Let's go."
speaker_heading: STEVEDORE
dialog: (calls officially)
dialog: All right— let's go to work!
text: As Terry goes past him into the pier, the men with a sense of
text: inevitability fall in behind him.
scene_heading: JOHNNY FRIENDLY
text: Hurrying forward in a last desperate effort to stop the men from
text: following Terry in.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Where you guys goin'? Wait a minute!
text: As they stream past him.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I'll be back! I'll be back! And I'll remember every
dialog: last one of ya!
text: He points at them accusingly. But they keep following Terry into the
dialog: pier.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE—PIER ENTRANCE
text: As Father Barry and Edie look on, Stevedore blows his whistle for work
dialog: to begin. Longshoremen
text: by the hundreds march into the pier behind Terry like a conquering
text: army. In the B.G. a frenzied Johnny Friendly is still screaming, "I'll
text: be back! I'll be back!" The threat, real as it is, is lost in the
text: forward progress of Terry and the ragtail army of dock workers he now
dialog: leads.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
