text: ONLY LOVERS LEFT ALIVE
dialog: By
dialog: Jim Jarmusch
dialog: 21st July, 2011
dialog: Recorded Picture Company Ltd. Pandora Filmproduktion
dialog: 24 Hanway Street Balthasarstr. 79-81
scene_heading: London, W1T 1UH Cologne 50670
dialog: Tel: +44 20 7636 2251 Tel: +49 221 97 33 20
scene_heading: Fax: +44 20 7636 2261 Fax: +49 221 97 33 29
dialog: e-mail: rpc@recordedpicture.com
dialog: Only Lovers Left Alive
text: Set against the romantic desolation of Detroit and Tangiers,
text: an underground musician, deeply depressed by the direction
text: of human activities, reunites with his resilient and enigmatic
dialog: lover.
dialog: Their love story has already endured several centuries at
text: least, but their debauched idyll is soon disrupted by her wild
text: and uncontrollable younger sister.
dialog: Can these wise but fragile outsiders continue to survive as
dialog: the modern world collapses around them?
text: ONLY LOVERS LEFT ALIVE
dialog: Cast
dialog: 
dialog: ADAM - Tom Hiddleston
dialog: The Avengers (2012)
dialog: War Horse (2011)
speaker_heading: Midnight in Paris (20N)
dialog: Thor (2011)
scene_heading: EVE - Tilda Swinton
dialog: We Need to Talk About Kevin (2011)
dialog: 1 Am Love (2009)
dialog: Michael Clayton (2007)
dialog: Broken Flowers (2005)
dialog: 
dialog: AVA - Mia Wasikowska
dialog: Restless (2011)
dialog: Jane Eyre (2011)
dialog: Alice in Wonderland (2010)
dialog: The Kids Are All Right (2010)
dialog: 
scene_heading: MARLOWE - John Hurt
dialog: Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy (2011)
dialog: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows 1 & 2
dialog: (2010 / 2011)
dialog: Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the
dialog: Crystal Skull (2008)
dialog: V for Vendetta (2006)
dialog: 
dialog: IAN - Anton Yelchin
dialog: Star Trek / Star Trek 2 (2009 / 2013)
dialog: Terminator Salvation (2009)
dialog: New York, | Love You (2009)
dialog: 
dialog: “Some nights stay up ‘til dawn,
dialog: as the moon sometimes does for the sun.”
dialog: - Rumi
dialog: 13th Century
speaker_heading: DETROIT.
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: Seen from overhead, a 45rpm record spins on a battered
text: vintage record player. The needle skipping repeatedly at the
dialog: end of the 45.
text: Also seen from overhead, a man [ADAM] sits on a worn red
text: velvet sofa, his head back, eyes closed. This image begins
text: SLOWLY TURNING CLOCKWISE.
text: ADAM is pale and thin, appears to be in his early or mid
text: 30’s, but with an ageless, almost preserved quality. His
text: clothes are a time-warp from the mid ‘60s London rock’n’roll
text: style, with dark, messy hair (ala Sid Barrett). In
text: contradiction, his delicate white hands cradle a renaissance
text: lute across his lap.
text: The image, now wider, STOPS TURNING, leaving ADAM vertically
text: composed. His worn, red sofa is an island in a sea of old
dialog: recording equipment: amplifiers, microphones, tape-machines,
text: and many stringed instruments of all varieties -- mostly old
text: electric guitars. Recording tapes and more vintage equipment
text: are stacked inside the fireplace and on its mantle.
text: The record continues skipping on the turntable.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TANGIER.
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: At the center of an overhead image which is SLOWLY TURNING
text: CLOCKWISE, a woman [EVE] is lying on a bed.
text: She is on her back, fully clothed, eyes closed, her hands
text: symmetrically crossed over her chest. She appears to be in
text: her late 30’s or early 40’s but, like ADAM, there is
text: something ageless about her. She wears vintage white denim
text: jacket and matching slim jeans, and boots. Her hair is pale
text: blonde, her skin a luminous white, and lips colored deep red
dialog: with lipstick.
text: The image, now wider, STOPS TURNING leaving her vertically
text: composed on her island-like bed. The apartment is a single
text: large open room with bedroom, kitchenette, dining area, and
dialog: foyer.
dialog: 2.
text: EVE is lying on a darkly iridescent Moroccan fabric. She
text: remains completely motionless. Even her breathing is not
text: perceptible. Berber carpets cover the floors around her.
text: A gentle breeze moves darkly patterned curtains as faint
text: sounds of the night drift in from the balcony: footsteps,
text: voices speaking French and Arabic, a loud Arabic pop song
text: from the radio of a moving car...eventually a distant call to
text: prayer is audible.
text: EVE’s eyes spring open. They are electric blue and
text: completely alert, retaining no trace of sleep. She abruptly
text: sits upright and looks at the vintage Chanel watch on her
text: wrist, her lively eyes then glancing towards the windows.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (with an English accent)
dialog: Oh, shit.
text: She gracefully springs to her feet and moves toward the door.
text: Effortlessly, she sweeps a black and white head-scarf, an off-
text: white western style Stetson hat, and a vintage shoulder-bag
text: from the surface of an elaborately inlaid table on her way
text: out the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: DETROIT.
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: The 45rpm record continues skipping on the turntable. ADAM,
text: still on the sofa, head rolled back, pale and thin, shows no
text: sign of life. His breathing is not perceptible.
text: The doorbell rings.
text: ADAM’s eyes open. They are suddenly remarkably alert, but
text: somehow world-weary. Without lifting his head he listens to
dialog: the skipping record.
text: The doorbell rings again.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (with an English accent)
dialog: Fuckin’ hell...
text: He sits up, then stands, in one continuous, weary motion. He
text: makes his way across the room, following a narrow path
text: through the instruments and equipment. Pulling a curtain
text: back slightly, ADAM looks out his window.
text: Below ADAM sees a young man [IAN] step back from the front
text: door and look up at the window. The young man, dressed
text: imitatively of ADAM, carries a guitar case in one hand and
text: waves up at ADAM with the other.
dialog: 3.
text: ADAM closes the curtain and moves away from the window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: ADAM is reascending the stairs after letting IAN in, who
text: follows behind him. ADAM now carries the worn guitar case.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (with American accent)
dialog: Yeah, man, I finally found it for
dialog: you. Hey, should I take my boots
dialog: off? They’re all wet.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I wouldn’t bother.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: The two men enter the livingroom and make their way to the
text: rectangular coffee table in front of the sofa. ADAM clears
text: the table and places the case on its surface. He flips the
text: latches and opens it.
text: Inside is an unusual electric guitar, weathered black with
text: aged-white pick-guard: a Supro from the 1950s. ADAM lifts it
text: from its case. He looks down the guitar’s neck, then runs
text: his fingers up its fretboard.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Very nice, Ian. Cheers.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Yeah, and all the electronics and
dialog: everything are original, of course.
dialog: I made sure they all work.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (still examining the
dialog: guitar)
dialog: Just what the doctor ordered, as
dialog: they say.
text: There is a morose tone detectable in ADAM’s voice and
text: movements, as he places the guitar upright on the sofa.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: I shall call him William Lawes.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: It’s male?
text: The two stand, looking down at the guitar.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: This one is, yeah.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: And who’s William Lawes?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Oh, uh, just some old English guy.
dialog: Wrote some great funeral music.
dialog: (then even more distant) Then,
dialog: during the English Civil War, he
dialog: was casually shot by a
dialog: Parliamentarian...
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (then after a longer
dialog: pause)
dialog: Adam, are you, uh, you ok?
text: ADAM, miles away, sinks into the sofa while IAN moves
text: equipment off a nearby brocade-covered chair.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: You know, your new stuff is really
text: echoing through the underground.
dialog: It’s all over the place! (then
dialog: sitting down) I mean, I know you
dialog: never want to do anything live, I
dialog: understand, but man I’m gettin’
dialog: more and more calls with offers all
dialog: the time! One label offered a
dialog: really huge advance. And I got
dialog: several calls about scoring films,
dialog: also offering a lot of money, man.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Let’s not talk about money, shall
dialog: we. Don’t I pay you enough?
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: No, yeah! You pay me really well!
dialog: You bought my car, and everything.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Good. Listen Ian, I don’t give a
dialog: shit about money. You know that.
dialog: (pause) I’m like Gomez Adams.
dialog: Independently wealthy...
text: IAN glances at the shabby walls and clutter of dusty
text: equipment surrounding them.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Well, maybe being so reclusive is
dialog: only going to make everybody more
dialog: interested in your music.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Yeah. What a drag. Then I’1l just
dialog: have to...disappear...again...
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (curiously)
dialog: Again?
text: But again ADAM has drifted off, his brooding eyes fixed on
text: something a thousand miles away.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
dialog: Uh, what were you saying?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (only partially returning
dialog: to the present)
dialog: Listen, Ian, there is something you
dialog: can do for me.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Sure. Anything. What is it?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (looking off)
dialog: I need a bullet. A very special
dialog: bullet.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Seriously?
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: A .32 caliber bullet, but made of
dialog: wood.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: A wooden bullet? Really?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yes, and made from the hardest and
dialog: most dense wood possible. I would
dialog: suggest ironwood, Lignum Vitae, or
dialog: possibly snakewood, Piratineia
dialog: Guianensis. Maybe African
dialog: blackwood, Dalbergia Melanoxylon.
dialog: Here. I’ve written them down.
dialog: Think you can find someone who can
dialog: make it for me?
text: He hands IAN a small scrap of paper. IAN looks at it.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Well, uh. Yeah, I think I know
dialog: someone who could, uh... (then
dialog: looking up at ADAM) What the hell
dialog: for, though?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (looking over at him)
dialog: It’s for a rather secret project.
text: An “art” project.
text: ADAM lazily pulls a stack of folded bills from somewhere and
text: hands them to IAN.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Oh! Well, let me think. And, uh,
dialog: does the shell casing have to be
dialog: made of wood too? I mean, don’t
dialog: they have to be made of brass or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah, they do. The shell casing
dialog: should be brass, but the bullet has
dialog: to be pure wood. The heaviest,
text: most dense wood.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Ok. A wooden bullet. (then,
text: putting the cash in his coat
dialog: pocket) Just one?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Just the one, yeah.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Ok, I’ll get right on it. (pause)
dialog: Anything else weird that you need?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Can you jump start my car for me?
text: ADAM stands up.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Really? Uh, sure. (then, also
dialog: standing up) You going somewhere?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (distantly)
dialog: Just for a drive.
text: ADAM moves toward the door, putting on a leather jacket in
text: the process and picking up a worn leather doctor’s bag.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (now following)
dialog: Uh, shouldn’t we talk about some
dialog: more music stuff?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (going out the door)
dialog: Let’s not, shall we?
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (following him out)
dialog: Well, do you want some company?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ADAM’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: On the slushy street in front of ADAM’s house, IAN stands
text: near the open hood of ADAM’s dirty white Jaguar, a 1989 XJ-S
text: coupe. Jumper cables connect its battery to the one in IAN’s
text: late-model BMW 3 Series.
text: ADAM sits behind the wheel of his Jag, turns the ignition and
text: its engine fires up.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Cheers Ian! Let me know about that
dialog: bullet, yeah? Just between us.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (disconnecting cables)
dialog: Of course. As always.
text: IAN watches the ghostly white Jag pull away, a hint of fog
text: rising off the surrounding slush and snow. The car
text: disappears into a background of abandoned industrial
dialog: buildings.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TANGIER STREETS - NIGHT
text: Her head and face now covered by Stetson hat and Arab scarf,
text: EVE’s luminous blue eyes lead her through the narrow
text: corridors of the Medina. Though approaching 5am, the
text: passageways still show shadowy signs of nefarious activity.
text: Several times, men emerge from darkened doorways and approach
text: EVE as she passes. They speak in Arabic, or French, or
text: English, all offering her “something very special”. EVE,
text: however, is unfazed, moving cautiously, but somehow flowing
text: past them like water.
text: She crosses the square of the Grand Socco, where men gather
text: near several small cafes and bars.
dialog: 8.
text: Some chatter to her as she moves past and enters another
text: Narrow passage across the square.
text: Again descending, several women, covered with brightly
text: colored Riffian shawls, observe her curiously from the
text: shadows as she approaches the end of the passageway.
text: It empties onto another, smaller, square: the Petit Socco.
text: EVE pauses, eyes scanning the only open cafe on the square.
text: Its lit sign reads: ONE THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS.
text: EVE heads across the square toward the cafe’s illumination,
text: her face still covered.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: DETROIT.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDORS - NIGHT
text: ADAM’s face is concealed by a white surgical mask, his hair
text: pulled up under a pale blue surgeon’s cap. Only his intent
text: eyes are recognizable.
text: He walks deliberately through the dingy florescence of a
text: hospital corridor.
text: Dressed in a white lab coat over pale green scrubs, ADAM
text: carries the outdated leather doctor’s bag in one hand, a
text: stethoscope hanging around his neck.
text: His eyes unobtrusively survey the details around him:
text: Two oblivious male nurses talk in Spanish adjacent to a very
text: elderly man on a gurney who is coughing violently.
text: Two more gurneys pass silently, their occupants completely
text: covered by sheets, including their heads. An older, haggard
text: female nurse pushes the second of these. Her tired eyes, as
text: though seeking sympathy, glance at ADAM as he passes.
text: He pauses in front of an open door to a small room. Inside a
text: nurse applies pressure to a wad of white gauze covering a
text: wound on the leg of a reclining female patient. Blood is
text: soaking into the gauze. ADAM’s eyes fix on the seeping
text: blood, following several drops that fall onto the floor. His
text: eyes have widened, triggered by a primal urge that he
text: visibly, though subtly, fights to suppress. Noticing him the
text: nurse, then patient, both look over in his direction. ADAM
text: collects himself and continues moving down the corridor.
text: Outside another doorway, he passes a male patient in hospital
text: gown sitting catatonically in a wheelchair, an unlit
text: cigarette in his half-open mouth. A tube runs from his arm
text: to an I.V. on a stand attached to the wheelchair. The I.V.
dialog: 9.
text: bag appears to contain blood. Again ADAM’s eyes flash, but
text: he keeps walking.
text: At the end of this corridor ADAM passes through two unmarked
text: white swinging doors. Inside this area only a few doctors
text: are visible, drinking coffee and talking somberly.
text: ADAM passes through another set of unmarked swinging doors.
text: Here, surrounded by several electronic machines, two male
text: doctors talk with an attractive female in a white lab coat.
text: One nods to ADAM as he passes. ADAM nods back, passing
text: another man in white lab coat, asleep in a nearby chair.
text: At the end of a short white hallway ADAM pauses, briefly
text: looking back, before opening a single white door, this one
text: marked: RESTRICTED.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL RESTRICTED AREA - NIGHT
text: ADAM, almost silently, enters a room lined with glass-covered
text: shelves, the shelves lined with medications and restricted
dialog: supplies.
text: A single technician, a PHARMACIST, in white lab coat, sits at
text: a metal table, his back turned to ADAM. On the table’s
text: surface, his white gloved hands utilize a flat knife-like
text: instrument, as he deftly separates a large pile of loose
text: capsules by color.
text: Just beyond this table, behind more glass shelves is another,
text: smaller room. On its glass door a sign reads: ATTENTION
text: TEMPERATURE CONTROL. Suspended bags of plasma and blood are
text: visible inside.
text: Adam silently steps closer watching over the man’s shoulder.
text: The PHARMACIST pauses for a moment, shifting to write a
text: number on a clipboard. Then, detecting ADAM’s presence, he
text: suddenly turns toward him.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: Oh, Jesus! You half-scared the
dialog: shit out of me.
text: The jittery PHARMACIST swivels in his chair. He appears to
text: be a little younger than ADAM, with dark-framed glasses and
text: post-collegiate haircut. Unlike ADAM, he wears a white shirt
text: and tie under his lab coat.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST (cont'd)
dialog: I’ve sort of been expecting you
dialog: recently, for some reason, Doctor
dialog: uh...Doctor Who.
text: ADAM takes a thick stack of folded bills from a pocket and
text: hands them to the PHARMACIST.
dialog: 10.
text: After glancing over ADAM’s shoulder toward the door, the
text: PHARMACIST counts the bills at lightning speed (almost like a
text: magic trick) before nervously pocketing them.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST (cont'd)
dialog: You know, this, uh, this set-up is
dialog: a bit unnerving for me. Wouldn’t
dialog: you consider meeting somewhere
dialog: outside the hospital sometime?
dialog: Instead of just appearing
dialog: unexpectedly like a...phantom?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: That would require pre-arrangement.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: I know, but, it would be much safer
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I like to come to the source. Also
dialog: the mutual jeopardy makes me feel
dialog: safer. Excuse me, but I don’t have
dialog: any spare time.
text: ADAM deliberately places his doctor’s bag on the metal table,
text: his own white-gloved hands holding it open. Nervously the
text: PHARMACIST stands up.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: Right, let me get you what you
dialog: need, uh, Doctor. (pause) By the
dialog: way, that stethoscope you have
text: there is practically an antique.
dialog: (then turning away) From the
dialog: 1970s, or maybe even the ‘60s...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (cautiously watching the
text: PHARMACIST’s back as he
text: opens the door to the
dialog: inner room)
dialog: Is it? (pause) Well, still serves
dialog: its purpose.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TANGIER.
scene_heading: INT. THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS CAFE - NIGHT
text: EVE is seated at a small table near the cafe’s front window,
text: her scarf now lowered around her neck. EVE glances at her
text: watch, then out the window. An untouched glass of mint tea
text: sits on the table in front of her.
dialog: ll.
text: Beyond her is a small bar area where several men with tired
text: eyes converse laconically in Arabic. Rai music floats from
text: a small radio on a shelf behind them.
text: EVE’s alert eyes move again from the window to her watch,
text: then over to the men at the bar. One of them with large,
text: sympathetic, sleepy eyes: the BARMAN, looks over at her.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (in Arabic to the BARMAN)
dialog: You sure he wasn’t here earlier?
text: The BARMAN shakes his head, then gestures with both hands
text: indicating that he has no answer. Just then, all heads turn
text: to the door. Moments later a man enters [MARLOWE].
text: He is an older man, but striking; his eyes assured, but
text: cautious. He is thin and wears a trimmed beard and an odd
dialog: mixture of clothing representing both the late Sixteenth and
text: late Twentieth centuries. Dangling from one pale hand are
text: two white, unmarked plastic bags, like those from a pharmacy.
text: MARLOWE nods to the men at the bar, who respectfully return
text: the gesture as though greeting the owner or boss. MARLOWE
text: approaches EVE, who smiles. She rises from the small table.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Hello, darling.
text: Embracing him, she kisses his cheek, then both sit down.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
text: There’s only an hour ‘til sunrise.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: I’m aware of that, my dear.
text: He places one of the white bags on the floor next to EVE.
text: She immediately leans over and carefully places it inside her
text: vintage shoulder bag.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (again smiling)
dialog: Is it the really good stuff?
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: Yes, Eve. It is.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: From the French doctor?
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: Precisely.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (now louder)
dialog: I’m so happy to see you Christopher
dialog: Marlowe!
text: One of the men at the bar briefly glances over at them.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: (quietly but very sternly)
dialog: I’ve told you a thousand times to
dialog: never, ever, call me that ina
dialog: public place.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (playfully drawn to his
dialog: crankiness)
dialog: Yes, I know, darling. But it’s so
dialog: difficult to continue hiding such a
dialog: delicious secret.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: (glancing over his
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Eve, please...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (again whispering, eyes
dialog: twinkling)
dialog: The most outrageous scandal in
dialog: literary history!
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Eve, stop. I beg you. (pause)
dialog: Anyway, no one would believe
dialog: me...not in...four hundred years.
text: He begins to drift away. Noticing, EVE reaches over and
text: places her hand on MARLOWE’s sleeve. After a brief pause,
text: she pulls her hand back.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Kit, have you really been wearing
dialog: this frock since 1590?
text: He looks away, a twinge of guilt briefly crossing his face.
text: EVE stands to leave, leaning in to give MARLOWE a kiss on the
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I do wish we could let the world
dialog: know one day. It would cause such
text: thrilling chaos.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: I think the world has more than
text: enough chaos to contend with.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Perhaps you’re right, Doctor
dialog: Faustus.
text: She laughs as MARLOWE briefly glares at her. EVE then goes
text: out the door, MARLOWE watching through the window as she
text: pulls her scarf over her face and crosses the Petit Socco.
text: MARLOWE, clasping his own white plastic bag, then also rises
dialog: to leave.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
text: “Inside water, a water wheel turns.
text: A star circulates with the moon.”
dialog: - Rumi
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: ADAM enters his livingroom, still wearing green hospital
text: scrubs, but under his leather jacket and minus the lab-coat,
text: mask, and surgeons cap. He is carrying the vintage leather
text: doctor’s bag.
text: Making his way to the coffee table, he lifts off the guitar
text: case and replaces it with his doctor’s bag. Opening it, ADAM
text: carefully unwraps something covered by the white lab coat.
text: It’s a large, white, plastic bag, sealed at the top. It
text: makes a dull thud as ADAM places it on the low table,
text: indicating its weight.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Ahh, finally. Time to get
dialog: straight.
text: He steps away, removing his jacket. As he leaves the room,
text: he is heard mumbling to himself.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: Doctor fucking Who...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT —- PREDAWN
text: EVE enters her apartment, locking the door behind her and
text: pulling off her scarf.
dialog: 14.
text: She crosses the room and ties the thick curtains tightly
dialog: shut.
text: She then re-crosses, approaching a small, round, elaborately
text: carved, Moroccan table with two delicate velvet-covered
text: chairs on either side. Pausing there, she carefully lifts
text: the white plastic bag from her shoulder bag and places it on
dialog: the table.
text: Her eyes are alive as she opens the bag. Inside is a sealed
text: white paper bag, which she in turn lifts out and places on
text: the table. It makes a heavy THUNK.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Ooh, the really good stuff!
text: She steps away from the small table.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: ADAM returns to his sofa, now bare-chested under a frayed,
text: dark brocade bathrobe. He is barefoot, but wearing his slim
text: ‘60s style trousers with dark vertical stripes. In one hand
text: is a clear glass test-tube.
text: He sits on the sofa, the back Supro guitar still propped next
text: to him, and opens the white bag. He lifts out one of several
text: cylindrical, stainless steel canisters. It is shaped like a
text: thermos, but taller and more slender. He delicately unscrews
text: the steel top.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT —- PREDAWN
text: EVE, now wearing a Moroccan robe with a gold pattern against
text: black, places a delicately-stemmed crystal apéritif glass on
text: the small carved table next to the white bag. Sitting down,
text: her eyes indicate a childlike excitement as she opens the
text: sealed, white bag.
text: Carefully she lifts one of several cylindrical containers
text: from the bag. Its top is stainless steel but the slender
text: container is clear glass. Inside is a thick, dark red fluid.
text: Eyes dancing as she unscrews the cap, she then gently pours
text: some of the thick fluid into the crystal apéritif glass.
text: A platinum wedding ring is visible on her finger as she
text: raises the glass above her head.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Here’s to you, Adam, my love.
dialog: 15.
text: She brings the glass to her deep red lips and drinks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: ADAM holds up the test tube, now half filled with a dark red
text: fluid. A platinum wedding ring is visible on his thin white
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: To you, Eve. I love you more
dialog: than...all the tea in China.
text: He raises the test tube to his lips and drinks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT —- PREDAWN
text: EVE wipes a drip of red fluid from the corner of her mouth
text: with a patterned handkerchief. She then rises and floats
text: toward her bed.
text: She pauses at a low, painted chest next to the bed. On its
text: surface are a pair of very modern looking Harman Kardon
text: speakers incased in glass tubes and connected by a wire to a
text: white iPod.
text: EVE’s delicate white fingers press a button on the iPod’s
text: circular control panel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: ADAM’s hands now place another 45rpm record on one of his old
text: turntables. He places the tonearm on the record, then steps
dialog: away.
text: Seen from above a very relaxed ADAM, as though in slow
text: motion, falls into a sitting position on his sofa. His head
text: falls back, his legs splayed out in front of him. Music
text: begins to flow from the record player [”Funnel of Love” by
dialog: Wanda Jackson].
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT —- PREDAWN
text: Also seen from overhead and as though in slow motion, EVE
text: falls onto her bed.
dialog: 16.
text: The same music [”Funnel of Love” by Wanda Jackson] fills her
text: room. [This overhead image begins to SLOWLY SPIN CLOCKWISE].
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: ADAM, again seen from overhead, is also now SPINNING SLOWLY
scene_heading: CLOCKWISE.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
text: These two images, spinning ADAM and spinning EVE, are
text: intercut (or possibly interdissolved) with the spinning
text: turntable. As these images continue to spin they gradually
text: become closer and closer until the faces of ADAM and EVE fill
text: the screen, their eyes slowly closing in trance-like bliss...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE UP TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The heavy curtains across EVE’s balcony are unmoving, tightly
text: fastened across the windows. Still wearing her black and
text: gold robe, she arrives at the curtains and opens them
text: slightly. She reaches through the opening for the handle of
text: the balcony’s glass doors. Opening them a little, she then
text: pulls the curtains open wider.
text: EVE looks out over the rooftops of Tangier, huddled under the
text: black sky. A faint breeze lightly moves the curtain next to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S LIVINGROOM - LATE AFTERNOON OR EARLY EVENING
text: The curtains over ADAM’s window are tightly drawn and
text: unmoving. Still wearing his dark, brocade robe, he arrives
text: at the window and gently pulls on one of the gold antique
text: cords that fasten the curtains. Accidentally, the curtains
text: briefly separate. For a fraction of a second a slit of pale
text: light leaks through, a streak of it crossing the back of
text: ADAM’s hand.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (out loud)
dialog: Oww! Shit!
text: He re-ties the cord, and examines his hand. A thin, red burn
text: is visible.
dialog: 17.
text: ADAM pulls a black handkerchief from a nearby lamp and
text: quickly wraps it around his wound.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Bloody fuckin’ hell. You’d think
dialog: that after a few hundred years...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Still in her Moroccan robe, EVE falls back onto her bed. A
text: white iPhone-like device in one hand. She turns the phone on
text: and dials a series of numbers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S LIVINGROOM - LATE AFTERNOON OR EARLY EVENING
text: Among ADAM’s menagerie of equipment, a phone rings. ADAM
text: crosses the room and locates a cordless handset on a large
text: table piled with more equipment -- including an old CRT TV
text: screen with a camera of some kind attached on top.
text: ADAM sinks back into his sofa as he answers.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (voice on phone)
dialog: Hey, handsome. (pause) It’s me.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (softly into phone)
dialog: Eve...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: EVE
text: (reclining on her bed,
dialog: phone to her ear)
dialog: Turn on your contraption so I can
dialog: see you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S LIVINGROOM - LATE AFTERNOON OR EARLY EVENING
text: ADAM is seen pushing a switch on a box hand-wired into
text: another box which is wired into the TV set.
dialog: 18.
text: The TV’s screen gradually illuminates, along with a small red
text: LED light above the camera lens on top of the TV.
text: ADAM then falls back onto the sofa, phone to his ear, eyes on
text: the TV screen. EVE’s face is now visible on the screen, as
text: she apparently holds her phone device out in front of her.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Ah, there you are, my love.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (on screen)
dialog: Hello, darling.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Hello, gorgeous.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: EVE’s device is seen in her hand, apparently held out in
text: front of her. Adam’s head and shoulders can be seen on the
text: device’s small rectangular screen. His eyes have now
text: softened, somehow appearing more languid than before.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (speaking off-screen)
dialog: You look tired
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (on EVE’s screen)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (tenderly, on ADAM’s
text: screen, her handheld
text: camera moving closer on
dialog: her face)
dialog: Oh, what’s the matter, baby? (then
dialog: smiling a little) Miss me too
dialog: much?
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: (on EVE’s screen, after a
dialog: sullen pause)
dialog: Maybe...Yeah.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: (on ADAM’s screen, a
dialog: little less close to her
dialog: camera)
dialog: Ooh. But it was your idea, Adam,
dialog: your “I vont to be alone” routine.
text: (her hand now on her forehead ala
dialog: Gretta Garbo) And it hasn’t even
dialog: been a year yet.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (on EVE’s screen)
dialog: I’m fine.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (voice off-screen)
dialog: You're the worst actor I’ve ever
dialog: seen. You know that?
text: On EVE’s screen ADAM is seen getting up from the sofa and
text: “dramatically” approaching his camera.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Vot I vont is to bite your neck!
text: EVE, on ADAM’s screen, laughs, her laughter gently shaking
text: the image on the screen. She then randomly twirls her camera
text: around for a moment, images of her apartment flying past,
text: before it returns to frame her face.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (still on ADAM’s screen)
dialog: Oh, Adam. You know you're
dialog: impossible. Tell your affection
dialog: starved wife what your bloody
dialog: problem is, will you please?
text: ADAM, on EVE'S screen, sits quietly for a moment looking away
text: from the camera.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (still on EVE’s screen)
dialog: I don’t know.
text: He looks back toward the camera. Off-screen EVE can be heard
text: sighing.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (voice off-screen)
dialog: Another bad depression?
text: There is no response from ADAM.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (voice again off-screen)
dialog: Any supply problems?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (on EVE’s screen)
dialog: No.
text: There is a long pause before EVE speaks again.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (voice off-screen,
dialog: concerned)
dialog: Are you just being dramatic?
dialog: 20.
text: ADAM, on EVE’s screen, shakes his head, then lowers it, one
text: hand entangling itself in his long messy hair.
text: EVE, now on ADAM’s screen, looks directly into the lens of
text: her device. Her eyes now show a combination of sadness,
dialog: compassion, and concern.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (on ADAM'’s screen)
dialog: Do you...do you want to come here?
dialog: And be with me? (pause) Please?
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: (on EVE’s screen, looking
dialog: away )
dialog: Oh, I’d just be an albatross around
dialog: your irresistible neck.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (now on ADAM’s screen)
dialog: I have a really strong neck. And
dialog: it needs some kind of jewelry.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: Should I send pearls? Black
dialog: pearls?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (on ADAM'’s screen)
dialog: I still have the beautiful strand
dialog: you gave me two hundred years ago.
dialog: Anyway, right now I’d prefer a nice
text: scruffy albatross.
text: There is another pause, neither speaking for several moments.
text: (NOTE: THE FOLLOWING CONTINUES TO INTERCUT BETWEEN THE TWO
speaker_heading: VIDEO SCREENS ]
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Will you please just talk to me for
dialog: a minute?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What do you want me to say?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, Adam. You've been deeply
dialog: depressed before. Remember the
dialog: 1820s? And your reaction to the
dialog: first World War, that did scare the
dialog: shit out of me, to say nothing of
dialog: the Spanish Civil War. Then the
dialog: 1950s...the ‘70s...
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah, definitely all deeply
dialog: depressing times.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah, well you should have lived
dialog: through the fucking Vandals. Or
dialog: the Tartars. The floods, the
dialog: plagues. Fuckin’ hell...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: Sounds exciting.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: What about your music?
text: On EVE’s screen, ADAM sullenly surveys his instruments and
text: equipment surrounding him.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I seem to be writing a lot of
text: funeral music.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, Adam...Why don’t you just
dialog: fucking come here and kiss me? In
dialog: the past you so loved Tangier.
dialog: (pause) You loved the music. And
dialog: those times when your friends all
dialog: lived here -- Burroughs and Brion
dialog: Gysin. Paul Bowles, Brian Jones...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I wouldn’t make it there, Eve.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Seriously?
text: There is a long pause.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, fuck. (pause) Alright. I‘1l
dialog: come.
text: On EVE’s screen ADAM’s averted eyes return to the camera.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: But I can’t believe you’re doing
dialog: this to me again. And tell me why
dialog: again you’re in, of all places on
dialog: this planet, fucking Detroit?
text: On EVE’s screen ADAM can be seen shrugging and looking away.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Suits my mood. I guess. (pause)
dialog: I‘1l tell you one thing I love
dialog: about Detroit -- you can be
dialog: whatever you want here.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Well, that’s always a plus.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Other than that, I guess it’s an
dialog: end of the world kind of thing...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You really are too much, Adam. You
dialog: know I still largely blame Keats
dialog: and Shelley for your hopelessly
dialog: romantic affliction. And a few of
dialog: those French assholes too.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Listen, Eve. I don’t think you
dialog: should come. Listen to me. Don’t
dialog: come. It’s gotten way too weird
dialog: out there.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah, well, in three thousand years
dialog: momma’s seen weirder times than
dialog: these.
dialog: (then, half to herself)
dialog: Although, not by much, I must
dialog: say...It’s just the traveling
dialog: that’s such a drag.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Don’t worry baby. I’11 just pack
dialog: the bags, ‘cause we’re going on a
dialog: guilt trip.
text: Seen on ADAM’s screen, EVE smiles and sends him a kiss.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Don’t come, Eve. Really.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I love you more than...all the tea
dialog: in China.
text: EVE laughs and switches off her phone.
text: From his velvet couch, ADAM watches the screen of his
text: antiquated TV. It darkens, gradually fading to a white dot
text: at its center, the dot then eventually blinking off.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK
dialog: “You have said what you are.
dialog: I am what I am.
dialog: Your actions in my head,
dialog: my head here in my hands
dialog: 23.
text: with something circling inside.
dialog: I have no name
dialog: for what circles
dialog: so perfectly.”
dialog: - Rumi
speaker_heading: FADE UP TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TANGIER STREETS - NIGHT
text: EVE and MARLOWE walk arm in arm, along the Place de France in
text: the Ville Nouvelle section, the architecture around them
text: still faintly echoing a decayed form of 1930s glamour.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You sure you'll be ok? I can’t
dialog: stand the thought of my not being
dialog: an absolute necessity. I wish you
dialog: could go with me, and help me drag
dialog: Adam back over here.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: Oh, god no. Traveling these last
dialog: years, for me, is bordering on
text: impossible. (then gesturing around
dialog: him) And why would I want to go
dialog: anywhere else?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TANGIER PORT - NIGHT
text: They sit down on a low wall overlooking the port, a shuttered
text: and crumbling Deco hotel in the shadows behind them.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
text: (looking out at the black
dialog: glistening water)
dialog: I had a dream about your sister
dialog: last night. (he turns to her)
dialog: Your infamous little sister...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You had a dream about Ava?
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: Do you even know where she is these
dialog: days?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (looking off)
dialog: No. I have no idea. (pause) What
dialog: happened in the dream, Kit?
text: Marlowe stares out at the water, not answering.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Kit? Did you hear me? (pause)
dialog: Hey, Christopher!
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: (returning)
dialog: What? Oh. I’m sorry, I...I
text: drifted away for a moment. (he
dialog: gazes again at the water) To
dialog: Italy, actually. A few hundred
dialog: years ago...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Was he painfully good looking?
text: He turns back to her.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: What? (pause) Eve, I know I don’t
dialog: need to tell you this, but please
dialog: be cautious. I couldn’t bear it if
dialog: anything happened to you.
text: EVE gently puts her hands on his hand.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You don’t need to worry about me,
dialog: darling.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: Alright, then. In any case,
dialog: deliver my regards to that
text: suicidally romantic scoundrel.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
text: (his gaze again drifting
dialog: away )
dialog: God, I wish I’d known Adam before
dialog: writing Hamlet. He would have
dialog: provided the most perfect case-
dialog: study imaginable.
text: Eve studies MARLOWE for a moment, as he stares off into the
text: silvery darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT —- PREDAWN
text: EVE’s curtains are drawn shut, the area around her bed
text: illuminated by electric lamps with ornate metal Moroccan
dialog: shades.
dialog: 25.
text: She sits on the bed, legs folded under her to one side, an
text: open suitcase on the floor nearby.
text: White mobile phone to her head, EVE’s other hand sifts
text: through several dozen credit cards fanned out in front of
text: her. Next to them are a variety of passports and bundles of
dialog: cash in pounds, dollars, euros, etc.
text: EVE’s eyes are bright and alert as she speaks into her phone.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, but is there a night flight
dialog: from Tangier to Paris? (pause)
dialog: Yes. That’s great. And is there
dialog: any possibility of flying at night
dialog: from Paris to Detroit? (pause)
dialog: Yeah, Detroit...(pause) Brilliant.
dialog: And what time does it arrive in
dialog: Detroit?
text: Her fingers select a gold credit card.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Midnight Detroit time? Oh, that
dialog: sounds lovely. (she laughs) Yeah.
dialog: Alright then, I want to book those
dialog: two flights, please, for one
dialog: person.
text: She raises the card in front of her.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Oh, uh...
text: She glances at her watch.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: For tonight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: Reels of recording tape slowly turn on a vintage upright reel-
text: to-reel machine, connected by cables to several old
text: microphones placed around the room.
text: A single, harmonically complex and distorted chord sustains
text: in a long drone. As it fades, it starts again.
text: ADAM sits upright, eyes closed, on his sofa. He is playing
text: the black electric Supro guitar. As the previous drone fades
text: away, ADAM strikes the guitar strings again. The tone is
text: mesmerizing, like broken bells heard from a distance.
dialog: 26.
text: The doorbell rings. ADAM’s eyes open. He strikes the chord
text: again, and again the doorbell rings, the two sounds merging
dialog: in harmonic dissonance.
text: After another ring, ADAM lets the last guitar chord fade into
text: ringing feedback, then stands and lays the guitar on the
dialog: sofa.
text: He crosses to the window and, opening the curtains very
text: slightly, looks out. Below, three or four young people are
text: standing out on the street in front of ADAM’s house. Their
text: clothes are imitative of a previous period of Detroit
dialog: rock'n'roll, suggesting they are dedicated, or curious, fans
text: of ADAM’s underground music. They stand near a beat-up
text: economy car, talking. One points back towards ADAM’s house.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Fuckin’ hell...
text: The “fans” squeeze back into their small car, slamming closed
text: its doors. The car can be heard pulling away as ADAM crosses
text: back to the sofa and sits down.
text: His brooding eyes fix on the tape machine, watching the last
text: of the tape slip from the empty reel and thread it’s final
text: path through the tape-heads.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - NIGHT
text: EVE sits in a first class seat near the window, an empty seat
text: next to her. As usual, her appearance is striking and she
text: stands out dramatically from the other passengers. She wears
text: dark glasses, white denim jacket and white jeans, with her
text: large black and white Arab scarf draped around her neck.
text: Her vintage shoulder bag is cradled in her lap, on top of it
text: her hands cradling a small antique book, opened. It is a
dialog: book of Shakespeare’s sonnets.
text: EVE briefly reads several lines, silently, which are heard in
text: her voice over.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (V.0.)
dialog: Mark how with my neglect I do
dialog: dispense:
dialog: You are so strongly in my purpose
dialog: bred
dialog: That all the world besides, me
dialog: thinks, are dead.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (out loud, but softly)
dialog: Marlowe...
dialog: 27.
text: Gently closing the book, EVE looks at the window, its view
text: onto nothing but blackness.
text: Hearing a muffled grunt from across the aisle, EVE turns in
text: time to notice that a male passenger in business clothes had
text: just cut his finger on the pull-tab of a beer can. She
text: lowers her dark glasses and watches intently as a small
text: amount of blood drips from the tiny wound onto the man’s tray-
text: table. Fixed on the blood, her eyes flare briefly as she
text: watches the passenger wrap his finger in a white paper
text: napkin, a bit more blood soaking into it. After a moment,
text: she reluctantly turns her head away and repositions her dark
dialog: glasses.
text: Just then, an announcement in French is heard over the
text: plane’s speakers.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCEMENT
dialog: (in French)
dialog: We will soon begin our descent into
dialog: Orly International Airport. Please
dialog: remain in your seats with seat-
dialog: belts fastened. Thank you.
text: As EVE places the small book inside her shoulder bag, a
text: female FLIGHT ATTENDANT makes her way down the aisle,
text: checking seat-belts and seat-back positions. She pauses
text: briefly next to EVE’s seat, addressing her cheerfully.
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: (in English with a
dialog: pronounced French accent)
dialog: Oh, I really like your scarf. You
dialog: know this is now very chic in
dialog: Paris!
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Is it? Oh. Thank you.
text: The FLIGHT ATTENDANT smiles, nodding, and moves off down the
text: aisle. When she is out of sight, EVE briefly glances in her
text: direction, then quickly unwinds her scarf from her neck and
text: contrarily stuffs it into the bag on her lap.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: ADAM, in his bathrobe, is sitting on his sofa quietly
text: strumming an antique acoustic guitar.
text: After a few moments, the doorbell rings.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Shit...
dialog: 28.
text: It rings again, and ADAM stands and crosses to the window.
text: Below, ADAM sees IAN stepping back from the door and looking
text: up toward him. ADAM closes the curtain, and moves away from
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: ADAM stands at the door to the hallway staircase IAN’s
text: ascending footsteps audible. ADAM motions him in, as IAN
text: enters the room, catching his breath.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: I didn’t wake you, did I?
text: ADAM shakes his head as the two cross the room, ADAM sinking
text: into the sofa, IAN sitting on the edge of a cluttered chair.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
dialog: Yeah. No. I mean, I know to only
dialog: come by at night.
text: ADAM looks at him, vaguely irritated.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
text: (quickly reaching into his
dialog: pocket)
dialog: Oh! I got it for you!
text: IAN retrieves a small velvet bag, like those from a jeweler.
text: He quickly stands, handing it over to ADAM.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
text: (as ADAM opens the small
dialog: bag and empties its
dialog: contents into his hand)
text: A wooden bullet, .32 caliber.
text: ADAM gently rolls the bullet in his palm -- a dark, polished
text: wooden bullet in a brass jacket.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
dialog: It’s Cocobolo.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (examining the bullet)
dialog: Yeah, Dalbergia Retusa.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: For your art project! (pause) The
dialog: guy made it for me, no questions
dialog: asked. He said the wood is so
dialog: dense it sinks in water. I think
dialog: they use it on guitars sometimes.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: That’s true.
text: ADAM closes his fist around the wooden bullet, and looks over
speaker_heading: at IAN.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: Perfect. Thank you, Ian.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: No problem, man.
text: ADAM pulls a wad of bills from the pocket of his robe and
text: hands it to IAN.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
dialog: (taking the cash)
dialog: Oh, no, man. You already paid me
dialog: for...
text: ADAM gestures, and IAN is quiet. IAN quickly pockets the
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
dialog: Thanks. (pause) Everything else
dialog: ok?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Listen, there were some, like,
dialog: rock'n'roll kids ringing my
dialog: doorbell last night.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Really? But how could they
dialog: possibly know where...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: I don’t know, but it’s not cool.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Of course not! It’s fucked up.
dialog: (pause) But don’t worry. I’m
dialog: gonna...I’m gonna spread some
dialog: rumors. You know, very cautiously,
dialog: about where you might live. You
dialog: know, throw them way off the track.
text: ADAM stands up.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah, well, whatever. Listen, I
dialog: need to...
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (springing up excitedly)
dialog: But, man, it’s like there’s a new
dialog: scene about to happen in Detroit!
dialog: I can feel it, man.
text: ADAM moves toward the door, IAN following, still talking
text: excitedly.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
dialog: It’s gonna happen again! I mean,
dialog: back in the old days we had The
dialog: White Stripes, The Dirtbombs,
dialog: Detroit Cobras, The Von Bondies,
dialog: Brendan Benson...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Please, Ian. Now you’re really
dialog: starting to freak me out. Let’s
dialog: calm down. (pause) I’11l see you
dialog: later. I have something to attend
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (winding down)
dialog: Oh. Oh, yeah, sure.
text: ADAM ushers him out the door.
speaker_heading: IAN (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: (descending the stairs)
dialog: See you soon, then.
text: ADAM waits, until the heavy door can be heard closing behind
text: IAN downstairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: ADAM sits on his heavy, carved, antique bed in the bedroom of
text: his house. Much like his livingroom, this room is also
text: cluttered, heavily curtained, its decor mixing several
text: centuries. Its dark walls are lined with framed
dialog: reproductions of portraits of artists, musicians, writers and
dialog: scientists.
text: ADAM looks down at his hand, which holds a silver plated, .32
text: caliber revolver with pearl handles. He uncurls his other
text: fist, revealing the wooden bullet, cased in brass.
text: Flipping over the pistol’s revolving magazine, ADAM slides
text: the wooden bullet into one of the six empty chambers. With
text: another flip of his wrist, the magazine clicks back into
dialog: place.
dialog: 31.
text: ADAM takes a deep breath, then spins the revolving magazine.
text: When it stops spinning he turns the gun, placing the end of
text: its barrel on his chest, aimed directly into his heart.
text: ADAM closes his eyes and gently pulls the trigger. The
text: hammer clicks loudly against an empty chamber. After a
text: moment ADAM opens his eyes, slowly lowering the gun from his
dialog: chest.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
dialog: “Whoever finds love
text: beneath hurt and grief
dialog: disappears into emptiness
dialog: with a thousand new disguises.”
dialog: - Rumi
speaker_heading: FADE UP TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ADAM’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A taxi is stopped in front of ADAM’s house, just beyond his
text: dirty but elegant, white Jaguar XJ-S. The street is covered
text: in ice and grey slush.
text: EVE, again with hat and scarf and shoulder-bag, stands next
text: to the DRIVER. He wears a worn parka and lifts her suitcase
text: from the open trunk.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (in Arabic)
dialog: Well, welcome to Detroit.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (in Arabic, handing him
dialog: money )
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (in Arabic, getting back
dialog: into the cab)
dialog: May Allah bless you.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (in English)
dialog: May the great mystery bless us all.
text: As the taxi pulls away down the frozen street, EVE pauses to
text: look up at ADAM’s house. Soft lights barely leak through the
text: drawn curtains covering the upstairs windows.
text: EVE’s hand affectionately grazes ADAM’s Jag as she passes.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (smiling to herself)
dialog: Ah yes, 1989.
dialog: 32.
text: She opens the gate and, entering the yard, stops suddenly,
text: freezing in place. A large raccoon looks up at her through
text: masked eyes as it crosses the walkway leading to ADAM’s door.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (identifying the animal by
dialog: its Latin name)
dialog: Oh. Procyon Lotor.
text: The raccoon lumbers off, disappearing into the shadows.
text: EVE arrives at the door and presses the doorbell. It rings
text: inside, as EVE sets down her suitcase. Behind the door she
text: hears footsteps rapidly descending the staircase, and a
text: moment later the door swings open.
text: ADAM, fully dressed, sees her and momentarily freezes in the
text: doorway. ADAM and EVE gaze into each other’s radiant eyes.
text: ADAM steps out and embraces her. They pull back slightly,
text: again gazing at one another. Their lips meet in a long kiss
text: of reunited lovers. ADAM steps back, his hands still on
text: EVE’s waist, both now perceptibly dizzy.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Hello.
text: After a pause, ADAM picks up her suitcase, then steps aside
text: to let her enter. She hesitates.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Oh, sorry. (he gestures) Won’t
dialog: you please come in?
text: EVE smiles and, removing her hat, steps past him. ADAM
text: follows, closing the door behind them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - PREDAWN
text: ADAM and EVE, wearing only dark bathrobes, are curled around
text: each other on the sofa. ADAM’s unusual electric guitar music
text: plays from a reel-to-reel recorder, though not loudly, in the
text: background. The room is softly lit, the curtains fully
dialog: closed.
text: On the table in front of them is an opened stainless
text: canister, lying on its side, empty. ADAM and EVE each hold a
text: blood-tinged apéritif glass in one hand. They uncurl just
text: enough to ‘clink’ glasses before draining them. They laugh
text: as though drunk, their teeth and lips noticeably tinted a
text: dark red. EVE reaches out to place her empty glass on the
text: table, but it slips and falls to the floor, rolling under the
dialog: sofa.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: (leaning back into ADAM’s
dialog: arms )
dialog: I think maybe we’ve overdone it.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (as though intoxicated)
dialog: Yeah...
text: They remain silent, content, enfolded, the music a lyrical
text: fog around them.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I love your newest music.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Thanks. It’s called ‘I Drank Your
dialog: Mother’s Blood, and She Tasted Like
dialog: a Whore’.
text: EVE laughs, pulling away a little, and playfully punching
text: ADAM in the chest.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (settling back into ADAM’s
dialog: arms )
dialog: Yeah, right. Hey, Mr. Guitar man.
dialog: Do you know: ‘I Drank Your Mother's
dialog: Blood, and She Tasted Like a
dialog: Whore’?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (completing the joke)
dialog: Know it! I fuckin’ wrote it!
text: EVE laughs again, and ADAM too, a little.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You know, it does concern me that
dialog: you’ve finally let your music go
dialog: out into the world. You’ve always
dialog: been so careful about it, only
text: sending it anonymously to other
dialog: composers.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah. But that was the only way I
dialog: could hear it performed. To just
dialog: give it away...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: So why did you release this recent
dialog: stuff?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (distantly)
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: A failed experiment, probably. I
dialog: guess I just wanted something out
dialog: there before I...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Before what? (pause) You know, you
dialog: always conveniently have the
dialog: mortals to blame when you sink into
dialog: depression, but then, what you
dialog: really care about is all their most
dialog: beautiful accomplishments. What
dialog: about all your artist heroes?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I don’t have heroes.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh no? What about your beloved
dialog: scientists?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah, look what they’ve done to
dialog: them. Look at Pythagoras. They
dialog: slaughtered him and his commune.
dialog: Galileo -- imprisoned. Capernicus -
dialog: - ridiculed. Newton -- pushed into
dialog: secrecy and alchemy. Tesla --
dialog: destroyed, and his beautiful
dialog: possibilities ignored. And they’re
dialog: still bitching about Darwin! Yeah,
dialog: so much for the scientists.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Come on Adam, if we’re going to
dialog: start cataloguing the atrocities of
dialog: human history, those are probably
dialog: very minor examples.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (distant again)
dialog: Well, now they’ve even succeeded in
dialog: contaminating their own fuckin’
text: blood, let alone their water.
dialog: (pause) I just feel so...fragile.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: We are fragile. Everything is.
dialog: But how amazing it is to observe
dialog: all the details of history flowing
dialog: by!
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Easy for you. You have three
dialog: thousand years of experience.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah, well our time will end, too.
dialog: But first I intend, if possible, to
dialog: watch it all just get washed
text: away...like the momentary waves in
text: the ocean, the stars fading from
dialog: the black sky...
text: Her words trail off. She turns her head a little, gently
text: kissing ADAM’s neck. ADAM, looking off, caresses her hair
text: with one hand. The music on the tape machine has ended.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: I don’t want you to leave me, Adam.
dialog: At least we have each other.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Eve, are you at all familiar with
dialog: what Einstein termed “spooky action
dialog: at a distance”?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: No. Sounds intriguing. (pause,
dialog: her eyes closing) But maybe you
dialog: better tell me about it later,
dialog: ‘cause it’s gonna get light out.
dialog: We better go to bed, baby.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah.
text: After a pause, his free arm stretches back and pulls up an
text: antique acoustic guitar from somewhere behind the sofa.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: Eve?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (eyes closed)
dialog: Mmmm?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Can you tell me how old this one
dialog: is? I think it’s an L2, but I
dialog: haven’t been able to date it
dialog: exactly. Can you just...
text: EVE half opens her eyes and squints at the guitar.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: She’s a pretty one.
text: Her thin white hand reaches over and briefly caresses the
text: wooden instrument.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (her hand retracting)
dialog: 1905...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Really? (pause) 1905...She is
dialog: old.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: (eyes again closing, her
dialog: hand on his sleeve)
dialog: Umm hmm...and did you realize your
dialog: bathrobe is over a hundred and
dialog: fifty years old?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Oh at least.
text: She nuzzles deeper into ADAM’s shoulder. He strums a single
text: sad chord on the antique guitar, letting it ring and fade
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: ADAM and EVE are in bed together side by side, naked, asleep.
text: Gradually EVE wakes, squinting as though through a hangover.
text: She sleepily surveys her surroundings before her thin arm
text: reaches an antique lamp on the bed-stand and switches it on.
text: ADAM stirs and wakes. Seeing EVE, he kisses her, and snakes
text: an arm around her. They gaze happily into each other’s eyes.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Glad to see me?
text: ADAM kisses her again, rolling over on top of her. Again
text: they look into each others eyes, EVE smiling happily.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, I think I’m a bit hungover, my
dialog: love. (pause) Your supply is an
dialog: excellent vintage, I must say.
dialog: Quite delicious.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah. Type O Negative. Nice and
dialog: pure. Uncut.
text: He rolls off her, now lying at her side, both gazing at the
dialog: ceiling.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (lazily)
dialog: Did you know only female mosquitoes
dialog: suck blood? (pause) Oh, but of
dialog: course you did.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: And only female wasps and bees can
dialog: sting, my love.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Can I ask you something unrelated?
dialog: (pause) When they built
dialog: Stonehenge, it was your people,
dialog: right? Your Druids?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I’m a Bructeri Druid, but close
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah, I know, Bructeri. In any
dialog: case, I was wondering how in the
dialog: hell they moved those giant stones.
dialog: Because I read recently somewhere
dialog: that the stones weren’t from the
text: surrounding area.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Well, first of all, we didn’t
dialog: construct Stonehenge. A culture
dialog: previous to us did. But we learned
dialog: that they dragged those stones
text: across land on, like, sort of giant
text: sleds that rolled over a moveable
text: system of strong wooden rails lined
text: with spherical stone bearings.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (fascinated)
dialog: I suspected as much. (pause) Did
dialog: they use a similar system when the
dialog: Egyptians built the pyramids?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: How fuckin’ old do you think I am?
text: ADAM laughs a little as EVE now rolls on top of him.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I’ve always had a thing for older
dialog: women.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: And I love being a cradle-robber.
text: She caresses his face.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: I‘’1l tell you one thing, though.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: It’s a good thing we both got
dialog: turned before we were too old to
dialog: fuck.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (playing)
dialog: Did we?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yes. Allow me to demonstrate.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah. I think we better make sure.
dialog: But first could you switch that
dialog: lamp off? It’s burning my bloody
text: eyes.
text: EVE lithely reaches over and switches it off. Darkness.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You know, I should correct myself.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: The Egyptians. In true fact they
dialog: built their pyramids at least a
dialog: thousand years later than
dialog: Stonehenge.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Huh. Yeah, I thought so.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, did you?
text: They roll over, entwined, ADAM now on top.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: ADAM and EVE sit across from each other, carefully studying a
text: chessboard between them on the kitchen table. Both again
text: wear their dark bathrobes, EVE with her Stetson hat pushed
text: back on her head.
text: In the kitchen around them, no trace of human food is
text: visible. Cupboards, shelves, and counters instead hold
text: stacks of books, vinyl records, and dismantled electronics.
text: EVE smiles as she makes a move on the chess board, taking
text: ADAM’s queen with her bishop.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: There goes your queen, playboy.
dialog: Check.
text: Brow furrowed, ADAM studies the board.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: By the way, your hero Christopher
text: Marlowe sends his regards.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (fixed on the game)
dialog: I don’t have heroes. And please
dialog: don’t talk so much. You’re just
dialog: trying to distract me. (pause)
dialog: How is he?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, eccentric and secretive as
dialog: always. I must say he does seem to
dialog: enjoy being the king of the Tangier
dialog: underground.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (eyes still on the game)
dialog: That’s good. lLet’s not talk now.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Adam?
text: He doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Since we were talking about great
dialog: English poets, will you tell me
dialog: again about when you hung out with
dialog: Lord Byron?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Eve, please.
text: ADAM’s hand briefly hovers over a chess piece, but withdraws
text: before touching it.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, tell me again. Please?
text: ADAM sighs and briefly looks up at her.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What? Uh, I was in his presence
dialog: only for a few days. 1815 maybe,
dialog: something like that. In a villa on
text: Lake Geneva. With the others.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: On your way to Italy, right?
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: (eyes again fixed on the
dialog: game )
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: And what was he like?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (after a pause, still not
dialog: looking up)
dialog: He was a pompous asshole.
text: EVE laughs.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: And what about the great John
dialog: Keats?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (eyes on the game)
dialog: What? Keats, Keats I never got to
dialog: meet. But you know all this, Eve.
dialog: I know what you’re doing.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, but it amuses me so. Please
dialog: tell me more.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Uh, I met Byron and Mary Shelly. I
dialog: met Wordsworth once, briefly, by an
dialog: English lake. (pause) Never met
dialog: Keats though. (pause, studying the
dialog: board) Great poet, Keats...
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: “,..That thou wouldst wish thine
dialog: own heart dry of blood
dialog: So in my veins red life might
dialog: stream again...”
text: ADAM looks up at her. Her eyes sparkle with mischief.
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: So what was Mary like, then? Mary
dialog: Wollstonecraft.
text: ADAM looks back at the game, trying to ignore her.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Come on then, what was she like?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: She was...delicious.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Mmm. I’11 bet she was.
text: They gaze at each other across the table, EVE’s eyes then
text: suddenly lighting up.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Oh! That reminds me. I have a
dialog: surprise! An experiment.
text: She gets up and goes to the refrigerator just behind her.
text: ADAM watches curiously as she opens the freezer.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: That doesn’t work.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (taking something out)
dialog: Yes it does. I plugged it in. But
dialog: I must say, you’ve wired this place
dialog: in a most peculiar way.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (watching her closely)
dialog: It’s my own system.
text: EVE sits back down, holding two homemade popsicles, frozen
text: onto sticks, blood red. She extends one to ADAM.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (licking her popsicle)
dialog: O Negative! Frozen on a stick!
dialog: Mmm, refreshing.
text: ADAM takes the other from her, examining it carefully,
text: holding the stick hesitantly between two fingers. His tongue
text: then barely grazes it.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: That’s disgusting.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Mmm. Mine’s delicious.
dialog: 42.
text: ADAM licks his again, a little less tentatively.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Weird. Never tried it frozen
dialog: before.
text: Now beginning to enjoy his frozen treat, ADAM’s attention
text: returns to the chess game. EVE watches closely as ADAM
text: carefully moves his remaining castle, then looks up
text: triumphantly.
text: EVE, delighted, eyes locked on the board, immediately takes
text: ADAM’s castle with her queen.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Checkmate, darling.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Damn you, Eve! You’re ruthless.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: (rising from the table,
dialog: smiling)
dialog: I’m a survivor, baby.
text: As she floats out of the room, her sparkling eyes glance back
text: over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (calling after her)
dialog: It was all the bloody talking!
dialog: (then, more to himself) I
dialog: can’t...concentrate. (then to
text: himself, sucking on his popsicle)
dialog: Mmm. Not bad...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: ADAM and EVE are now in the livingroom both in bathrobes, EVE
text: with hat and boots.
text: ADAM places a record on an antique player while EVE looks
text: around at his collection of unusual instruments.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (lowering the tonearm onto
dialog: the spinning disc)
dialog: You gotta hear this one. It’s
dialog: Charlie Feathers. Do you know it?
text: EVE shakes her head, listening.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (a moment later)
dialog: 1956.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah.
text: Just then, the lights flicker then go out with an audible
text: fizz, the turntable slowing to a stop. Darkness.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: shit.
text: He fumbles around for a moment, then lights a candle near the
text: coffee table.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: I can fix it.
text: ADAM now stands near the door, pulling on some Wellington
text: boots and heavy rubber gloves. EVE approaches and he hands
dialog: her a flashlight
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Weren’t things much more
dialog: interesting before electrical
dialog: power? Really, people had more
dialog: interesting ideas.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ADAM’S BACKYARD - NIGHT
text: Flashlights in hand, ADAM and EVE cross the small, muddy,
text: enclosed backyard. In one corner is a transformer, above it
text: amass of tangled wires, some connecting to the house, others
text: to wooden poles or adjacent buildings. Several wires are
text: unattached and emitting sparks.
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: (shining his light on the
dialog: mass of wires)
dialog: Look at this shit! Idiots. What
dialog: fucking century is this...I mean,
dialog: Tesla had lightbulbs you didn’t
dialog: even have to plug-in -- in fuckin’
dialog: 1895!
text: While ADAM works on the wires near his transformer, EVE
text: shines her light along the base of a nearby cement wall.
text: Something catches her eye.
text: There, along the grey tones of muddy slush and cement,
text: several red mushrooms are visible. EVE stoops to study them
text: more closely. Small white dots decorate their bright caps.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Amanita Muscaria. How odd. (then,
dialog: louder) Adam?
dialog: 44,
text: ADAM has opened a metal door on the transformer, and flips
text: the switches of several circuit-breakers. Lights come back
text: on inside the house. He closes the metal box then moves
text: toward EVE.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Hey, did you see these before?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (bending down next to her)
dialog: Yeah. Fly Agaric. They’re
text: behaving rather strangely. They
text: appear, disappear, then reappear --
dialog: those caps. I guess they’re
dialog: receiving information from the
dialog: atmosphere.
text: EVE looks at him curiously.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: But it’s winter.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I know. It’s strange. (pause) We
dialog: really don’t know shit about fungi,
dialog: do we? Even though life on this
dialog: planet wouldn’t exist without them.
text: ADAM gets up and moves back toward the house, while EVE
text: lingers for a moment, shining her light on the bright red
text: mushrooms.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (softly to the mushrooms)
dialog: You guys shouldn’t be here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S BEDROOM - LATE EVENING
text: EVE is alone in ADAM’s bed, asleep, radiant under the dim
text: light from a nearby table lamp.
text: After some moments, ADAM enters. He is in his doctor drag:
text: white lab coat over green scrubs, stethoscope around his
text: neck, doctor’s bag in hand.
text: EVE shifts and stretches. Her eyes squint sleepily. Then,
text: seeing ADAM, she laughs lightly, gently rubbing her eyes.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What on earth are you doing, my
dialog: love? (pause) Are we playing
dialog: ‘doctor’?
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (pulling the mask below
dialog: his face)
dialog: Iam. (pause) I’11 be back in an
dialog: hour or two.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (pouting)
dialog: Oh...am I not included?
text: ADAM approaches her.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: No.
text: He kneels next to the bed and, taking her head in his hand,
text: kisses her. He then pulls back and looks into her eyes,
text: EVE’s fingers now touch the stethoscope around his neck.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: 1968...Maybe you need a newer one.
text: ADAM stands and looks down at her.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
text: (looking up, sensing a
dialog: change in ADAM)
dialog: What is it, darling?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I had a dream about...about your
dialog: sister.
text: EVE sits up halfway.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You did? (pause) And I don’t
dialog: suppose it was a good one...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Could have been worse, I guess.
dialog: (then, drifting off a little)
dialog: Well, maybe not by much...
text: ADAM bends and kisses the top her head, then straightens.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
text: Back in a flash.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Hope so. Good luck with the
dialog: surgery, doctor.
text: He closes the door behind him. EVE sinks back in bed, arms
text: behind her head. Her alert eyes shift from the ceiling to
text: the dimly lit framed portraits lining the walls around her.
dialog: 46.
text: She scans the faces: Baudiliere, Tesla, Mark Twain, Sir
dialog: Isaach Newton, Edgar Allen Poe, Charlie Patton, Henry
text: Purcell, Emily Dickenson, Luis Bunuel, Iggy Pop, Black Elk,
dialog: William Blake, William Burroughs, Samuel Beckett, John
dialog: Coltrane, etc. [all TBD]
text: Her bright eyes then stop, settling on a reproduction of the
text: portrait of Christopher Marlowe: it shows a striking young
text: man, 21 years old, self assured, a bit flashy, arms folded,
text: right over left.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Marlowe...
text: She sighs. After a moment her eyes drift back to the
text: ceiling, now as though fixed on something in the far, far,
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: All of the few lamps in ADAM’s livingroom are lit and music,
text: ADAM’s, plays from a tape machine. EVE, dressed now in some
text: of ADAM’s ‘60s clothes, moves across the room.
text: Her attention moves to a stack of old vinyl records. As she
text: sifts through them she notices a small, leather-bound, book-
text: like object next to them.
text: Holding it tenderly in her hands, she carefully opens it. It
text: is a framed sepia photograph of ADAM and EVE taken in the
text: 19th century, the opposite panel lined in deep red velvet.
text: Eve’s fingers lightly caress the fading image.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (softly to herself)
dialog: June 23rd, 1868...Our third
dialog: wedding...
text: She kisses the photo, then holds it to her chest. As she
text: moves toward the sofa something glints at her from a
text: partially opened drawer. Her thin hand reaches inside and
text: retrieves ADAM’s silver-plated, pearl-handled revolver.
text: EVE sinks into the sofa, antique photo in one hand, gun in
text: the other. She places the photo on the coffee table, then
text: flips the gun’s magazine open. Her fingers extract a single
text: bullet from its chamber. She looks at it in the palm of her
text: hand, its tip made of dark, heavy, polished wood. The music
dialog: ends.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (to herself, studying the
dialog: wooden bullet)
dialog: Dalbergia retusa...
text: EVE sighs deeply, her fist closing around the wooden bullet,
text: her eyes drifting away.
text: A moment later a car is audible, ADAM’s car, stopping
text: outside. Its engine shuts off and a door opens and closes.
text: EVE straightens, waiting for him, gun in one hand, bullet
text: enclosed in the other. ADAM’s footsteps are heard on the
text: stairs just before he enters the living room, still partially
text: dressed as a doctor.
text: Confidently, he crosses toward EVE, leather bag in hand. He
text: pauses, though, seeing her expression, then the revolver in
text: her hand.
text: As their eyes meet, EVE’s fist opens revealing the wooden
dialog: bullet.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: So, what’s all this, then?
text: ADAM sets the doctor’s bag on the coffee table and
text: straightens.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Tell me you’re having trouble with
dialog: one of the others. Please tell me
dialog: that.
text: ADAM shrugs.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I don’t see any ‘others’. Ever.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh. Ok.
text: She deftly flips the revolving magazine open, slides the
text: bullet in the chamber, flips it closed, and spins it. She
text: stands, eyes fixed on ADAM, and quickly presses the gun’s
text: barrel into her chest pointing directly into her heart. She
text: pulls back the hammer. CLICK.
text: ADAM leaps forward in a single motion and snatches the gun
text: from her hand.
text: There is a tense moment, each looking into the other’s
text: smouldering eyes.
text: ADAM exhales, then sits down on the sofa.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Fuckin’ hell, Eve. Don’t ever fuck
dialog: around like that.
dialog: 48.
text: He removes the wooden bullet from the gun, as EVE sits down
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I was just trying to make a point.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Yeah? What is your point?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: The point is, what the fuck is your
dialog: problem, Adam? You complain
dialog: incessantly about mortals not
dialog: appreciating their exquisite gift
dialog: of consciousness, and then you,
dialog: who’s exquisite and beautiful and
dialog: special, you wanna pump a wooden
dialog: bullet into yourself?
text: There is a heavy pause, ADAM then pocketing the bullet.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (sullenly)
dialog: That bullet’s just
dialog: for...reassurance.
text: He quietly sets the gun on the table next to the doctors bag.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: To reassure you of what? Your own
dialog: mortality? Your fragility? What,
text: Adam? (Then, shaking her head in
dialog: dismay) You know, in nature,
dialog: survival is always more difficult
dialog: for the predator than its prey.
dialog: Fewer wolves than deer. Fewer
text: hawks than rabbit. Fewer bats than
dialog: insects.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah, well it’s humans I’m sick of.
dialog: And their fucking fear of their own
dialog: imaginations.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah, humans...
text: EVE gently touches his face.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Soon, though, they’1ll genetically
dialog: modify themselves. (pause) These
dialog: are the last of the “organic” ones.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Great. That’1ll be even worse.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, it’s already too late I’m
dialog: afraid, for the original ones.
dialog: Their extinction has already
dialog: started: the water wars, new
dialog: diseases, devastated planet...
dialog: (pause) And then you know what
dialog: will happen?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Rodents will evolve as the
dialog: predominant mammals. The
dialog: controlling intelligence on the
dialog: planet.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (now less morose)
dialog: Really? (pause) Rat-people?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I thought you’d only mastered the
dialog: past. Now you can predict the
dialog: future?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I’ve seen a lot go past me.
dialog: (pause) Which just brings be back
dialog: to my point.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah, what was it again?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (caressing his long hair)
dialog: That you’re such a wanker, Adam.
dialog: You’re as ridiculously romantic as
dialog: all your dead poet and astronomer
text: friends put together.
text: She gets up and moves to the stack of records she sifted
dialog: through earlier.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (glancing mischievously
text: over her shoulder)
dialog: You’ve been quite lucky in love,
dialog: though, if I may say so.
text: ADAM opens the leather bag, lifting out one of the stainless
text: steel canisters. As he sets it on the table EVE passes, a
text: vinyl record in her hand.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Is it the delicious 0 Neg again?
text: ADAM nods.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Mmm.
text: She places the 33rpm record on a turntable. It begins to
dialog: spin.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (placing the tonearm on
dialog: the record)
dialog: But first, I’m gonna dance.
text: The music begins. It’s a vintage soul song ["Trapped by a
dialog: Thing Called Love” by Denise LaSalle, TBD].
text: EVE begins to dance in a style perfectly aligned with the
text: period of the music. ADAM watches her.
text: After a minute or so EVE pulls ADAM up from the sofa,
text: embracing him, and drawing him into a slow dance.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (while dancing with ADAM)
dialog: Let’s get straight and then go for
dialog: a drive. I haven’t been out of
dialog: your hovel since I arrived.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Ok.
text: They spin slowly around the room, entwined, the record
text: spinning on the turntable.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ADAM’S CAR - NIGHT
text: ADAM’s white Jaguar moves through the cold streets of Detroit
dialog: at night.
text: EVE happily observes the darkened city from the passenger
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, I’m just so happy to be out in
dialog: the world. This is like watching a
dialog: movie!
text: No response from ADAM.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: So show me things. Give me a tour!
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (sullenly)
dialog: There’s nothing here.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, come on! I wanna see the
dialog: ruins. (pause) Show me where all
text: the cool young vampires hang out.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Bloody hell...
speaker_heading: EVE
text: (pointing to an abandoned
dialog: factory)
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I dunno. Factory where they used
dialog: to build auto parts. Engine
text: blocks. Or manifolds.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (eyes lit up)
dialog: How exciting!
text: The ghostly white Jaguar continues down a long, murky street.
text: A Detroit police cruiser passes them going in the opposite
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: There’s something I should tell
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Well, I also had a...a dream about
dialog: my sister.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Are you joking?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: And so did Marlowe, before I left
dialog: Tangier. She’s looking for us.
dialog: I’m sure of it.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (disturbed)
dialog: Oh fuck, Eve. Not again.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Well, it has been a long time,
dialog: Adam.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: No, it hasn’t. It’s been less than
dialog: 80 years, if I remember correctly.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: It was 84 years ago. In Paris.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah, and Paris has never been the
dialog: same.
dialog: (pause, then more to
dialog: himself)
dialog: 84 years. Seems like fuckin’
dialog: yesterday.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Yeah. Time flies.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Shouldn't she be sleeping in a
dialog: fucking coffin somewhere?
text: Preferably with a wooden stake
text: shoved in.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Come on, Adam. She is my sister.
text: ADAM looks over at her suspiciously.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Is she?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: We’re...related by blood.
text: He stares at her a moment longer before his eyes return to
dialog: the road.
text: The Jag makes another turn then rolls to a stop at a red
text: light. ADAM and EVE watch as two men in dirty, thermal
text: coveralls, cautiously carrying a large rectangular mirror
text: cross directly in front of them. For a moment as they pass,
text: the Jag’s windshield is perfectly framed in the large mirror.
text: In it’s reflection ADAM and EVE are NOT VISIBLE, their car
text: appearing to be unoccupied.
text: As the men obliviously leave their view, ADAM and EVE glance
text: at each other, EVE then laughing as the light changes and the
text: Jag continues.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Ah, I never get tired of the old
dialog: mirror gag.
text: ADAM smiles. Moments later he points to a building on their
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Motown.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, fantastic! (then, as it
dialog: recedes) But, to be honest, except
dialog: for Smokey and Marvin, and of
dialog: course the Temps, I was never
dialog: really a huge Motown fan. Always
dialog: been more of a Stax girl, ya know?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah, I'd agree. But I’d add the
dialog: Marvelettes.
text: They continue on in silence for a while.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Adam, I want to take you back to
dialog: Tangier with me. You loved it
dialog: there once. (pause) If you do,
dialog: I’1l get you a beautiful antique
text: stringed instrument, with exotic
text: woods, and pearl inlays.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I have antique instruments.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: But I mean a magical one!
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What, you don’t find Detroit
dialog: magical?
dialog: 53.
text: EVE’s eyes, bright and alert, take in more images of Detroit
text: as they continue to spin past the car’s windows.
speaker_heading: FADE
dialog: “I circle your nest tonight,
dialog: around and around until morning
dialog: when a breath of air says, NOW,
text: and the Friend holds up like a goblet
text: some anonymous skull”
dialog: - Rumi
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S FOYER - NIGHT
text: ADAM and EVE, returning from their drive, enter
text: through the front door. They pause abruptly.
text: TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: ADAM's foyer
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Was this light on?
text: He quickly signals to EVE to remain still. Music, ADAM’s
text: music, drifts down from upstairs.
text: They exchange cautious looks, then quietly ascend the
text: staircase, ADAM first.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: Silently, ADAM looks through the open doorway into the living
text: room. The music swells slightly as ADAM, with EVE looking
text: over his shoulder, sees a girl seated on the couch.
text: It’s EVE’s sister, AVA. She is extremely pale, with darker
text: hair than EVE, at least a decade younger with a petulant,
text: mischievous face. Her shoes are on the floor in front of
text: her, coat also, and she’s wearing a short skirt and tight
dialog: sweater.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: What the fuck are you doing here?
text: AVA stands up, excited to see them.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (with English accent)
dialog: Adam! Eve! Oh my god, it’s so
dialog: great to see you!
text: She approaches ADAM as he and EVE step into the room. She
text: throws her arms around his neck, ADAM nearly cringing.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: You’re still so beautiful.
text: ADAM peels her off and she rushes to embrace EVE. ADAM
text: crosses the room and turns off the music.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: Eve! My darling, totally amazing
dialog: sister! How I’ve missed you!
text: She unwraps herself enough to look into EVE’s eyes.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: Did you get my message?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I think I did. I had a dream...
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Oh, how awesome! It works!
text: AVA laughs and EVE pushes her back a little, still holding on
text: to AVA’s arms.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (to ADAM)
dialog: Is that what you were talking about
dialog: earlier? Spooky action at a
dialog: distance?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (scowling)
dialog: Yes and no.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: What are you guys talking about?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Listen, Ava, how did you get in
dialog: here without...without being
dialog: invited to cross the threshold?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (laughing again)
dialog: Oh Eve, you’re so old-fashioned.
dialog: You’re probably still afraid of
dialog: garlic!
text: AVA laughs yet again, while EVE and ADAM exchange looks.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No. Not garlic. But, my little
dialog: fool, it’s still quite bad luck to
dialog: cross the threshold...
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (completing EVE’s
dialog: sentence)
dialog: ...of someone’s residence without
dialog: being properly invited. Yeah,
dialog: yeah, yeah, nasty luck et cetera.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: It’s also bad luck to listen to
dialog: someone's private music without
dialog: invitation.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (turning to ADAM)
dialog: Oh my god I love it, Adam! It’s
dialog: totally brilliant! Can I get a
dialog: download?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: No!
dialog: 56.
text: AVA pouts, as Adam and Eve remove their coats.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: (tossing her coat over an
dialog: amplifier)
dialog: So, just passing through Detroit?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (sitting back down on the
dialog: couch)
dialog: Yes! No! I mean, I came to see
dialog: you! I had a feeling you were both
dialog: here. (pause) I’ve been living in
dialog: L.A...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: L.A.. Figures. Are you alone?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: No.
text: ADAM and EVE glance at one another.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: (bursting into laughter)
dialog: I’m here with you guys!
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Oh, fuck. Well, you can’t stay
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Adam...
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Not after last time. No fuckin’
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Adam, that was 84 years ago.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (fussing with some
dialog: recording equipment)
dialog: Not long enough...
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (feigning confusion)
dialog: What? When? Are you still upset
dialog: about the Paris thing?
text: EVE crosses and sits on the couch next to AVA.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Are you alone?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Yeah! (then demurely) But I’m
dialog: really, really, really hungry.
text: ADAM turns around, facing them. AVA looks back and forth
text: between them, expectantly.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: (in a childlike voice)
dialog: Do you maybe have something?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Could you smell it all the way from
dialog: L.A.?
text: EVE scowls and gives ADAM a little nod of her head. ADAM
text: glares at EVE, then reluctantly turns to leave the room. AVA
text: eagerly jumps up and begins to follow him.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Ava!
text: AVA whirls back around.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: I just want to see where you keep
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (O.S.: already out of the
dialog: room)
dialog: No!
text: AVA's head turns, but she remains still for a moment. Then,
text: as if drawn by an invisible string, she moves back toward EVE
text: and sits down next to her.
text: They look at one another. EVE smiles and, encouraged, AVA
text: throws her arms around her “sister”, childishly burying her
text: head in EVE’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (lifting her head)
dialog: Oh, Eve. It’s so totally awesome
dialog: to see you!
text: Again, she hides her face against EVE’s shoulder. With a
text: hint of hesitation, EVE strokes AVA’s hair.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S BEDROOM - DAWN
text: EVE is in bed, her head propped on one hand, watching ADAM,
text: in bathrobe sitting upright on the edge of the bed. ADAM
text: stares sullenly at the floor.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: She drank up a hell of a lot of our
dialog: Type O Negative. Fuck!
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I know. (pause) But, she’s been
dialog: traveling, and that fucks you up,
dialog: ya know? Plus avoiding the bloody
dialog: daylight exposure...
text: She reaches out gently touching ADAM’s back.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: It’ll be ok. It’s always weird
dialog: with...relatives.
text: ADAM turns toward her.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: She’s bad news, Eve. (pause) She
dialog: isn’t sleeping in my fuckin’
dialog: studio, is she?!
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No. I put her to bed in that other
dialog: bedroom.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What other bedroom?
speaker_heading: EVE
text: The small one, downstairs.
text: ADAM looks at her blankly.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Just down from the kitchen?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Oh. Right. (pause) Shit. I’11
dialog: have to put my fuckin’ tapes in a
dialog: bloody safe.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (teasing him)
dialog: Must you curse so much?
text: ADAM reacts by staring at the floor.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Come to bed, baby. She’s out cold,
dialog: and it’s getting light out. You
dialog: can do that when we get up tonight.
text: ADAM remains motionless, upright, while EVE reaches over and
text: turns off the lamp.
dialog: 59.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: Darkness. A knock is heard from outside the door. Another
text: knock, louder this time.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (O.S., muffled)
dialog: Eve? Adam?
text: A lamp is switched on, EVE’s arm stretching to it from the
text: bed. Next to her, ADAM wearily opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: What is it Ava?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: Can I come in?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: No.
text: AVA opens the door and enters, wearing only a shirt that ADAM
text: was wearing earlier, before her arrival.
text: EVE props herself up as AVA sits on the edge of the bed on
text: ADAM’s side. He covers his head with a pillow.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What is it Ava?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (lightly stroking ADAM’s
dialog: pillow)
dialog: Isn’t it time to get up? It’s dark
dialog: out already and I’m starving.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (muffled from under the
dialog: pillow)
dialog: Go away. We’re still sleeping.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Why don’t you go get dressed, and
dialog: then we'll get up and we can all
dialog: have breakfast together.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Some more of that good stuff?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Where do you keep it?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You just get dressed and we'll
dialog: bring you some, ok?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Ok.
text: Before getting up she flips up the corner of ADAM’s pillow,
text: revealing half of his annoyed face.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: Peek-a-boo, I see you.
text: ADAM immediately pulls the pillow back over his face. AVA
text: laughs, leans in and kisses EVE on the cheek, then exits.
text: EVE sleepily stares after her as AVA closes the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: Now dressed, EVE and ADAM enter the livingroom. EVE carries
text: several wine glasses, while ADAM holds a stainless steel
text: canister.
text: AVA is dramatically sprawled across the velvet couch wearing
text: a very short polka-dot dress and platform shoes. One pale
text: hand rests across her forehead. She shifts only slightly as
text: EVE sits down, squeezing in next to her.
text: AVA'’s half-open eyes are fixed on ADAM’s old TV screen, now
text: connected to a laptop. On the screen is a kitschy image from
text: a 1970s French TV show. Girls in micro-mini dresses dance to
text: a very bad pop song, gyrating around a caped male dancer
text: dressed as “Dracula”.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (referring to the TV
dialog: images)
dialog: What the hell is this?
text: EVE and AVA’s eyes are locked on the screen as ADAM moves
text: toward it and abruptly switches it off.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: What the fuck?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (whining)
dialog: Oh...Why did you turn it off? I
dialog: love that! I found it on YouTube.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Figures...
dialog: 61.
text: EVE moves AVA’s hand, placing her own on AVA’s forehead.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: I don’t feel good.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What is it, baby? You think it was
dialog: the traveling?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (pouring blood into wine
dialog: glasses)
dialog: Probably blood poisoning...
text: Seeing the red blood AVA pulls herself halfway up.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Don’t joke, Adam.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I’m not.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (to AVA)
dialog: Have you been especially careful
dialog: about your food these days, what
dialog: with all the contamination?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: I’ve tried.
text: AVA sits up reaching for a glass. ADAM and EVE watch as she
text: guzzles it down.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Take it easy. Shit.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (setting down her empty
dialog: glass)
dialog: Oh my god! That is good!
text: EVE clinks her glass against ADAM’s and both take sips. AVA,
text: becoming more and more animated, reaches for the stainless
text: canister, but ADAM intercedes. He pours a little more into
text: her glass. AVA drains it immediately.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: You’re gonna get sick. And you’re
dialog: gonna suck down our whole fuckin’
dialog: supply, so take it easy.
text: AVA stands and swirls around the room, unsteady, laughing.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Let’s play some of your music,
dialog: Adam!
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: No. I told you it’s private.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Oh yeah? How come I heard it in
dialog: L.A. then?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Where did you hear it?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: In, like, an underground music
dialog: club.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I don’t believe you.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: So, don’t.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: How did you know it was mine, then?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Oh, I could tell immediately!
dialog: (pause) I might have been born at
dialog: night, but I wasn’t born last
dialog: night, ya know. (she laughs)
text: She picks up one of ADAM’s vintage electric guitars. He
text: quickly takes it from her, putting it down in a safer place.
text: AVA shrugs and sits down on EVE’s lap.
text: EVE pushes her off to one side, but AVA puts her arms around
text: her sister, nuzzling her shoulder like a needy child.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: Well then I’m gonna go out. I
dialog: wanna hear some music.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Good idea. Go ahead.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (babyish)
dialog: But, I wanna go out with you guys.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: No.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: What a big meanie. (then stroking
dialog: EVE’s hair) I bet he never takes
dialog: you out, ever, right?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Not true. We went out for a drive
dialog: just the other night.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Ooh, a drive. Big deal. I mean go
text: somewhere. Where there’s music.
dialog: Don’t you wanna go, Eve?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I wouldn’t mind. Adam?
text: ADAM glares at her. AVA springs up from the couch.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Hurray! Adam’s gonna take us out!
dialog: Oh my god let’s have another drink!
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: No! You’ve had more than enough.
dialog: And no fuckin’ way are we going
dialog: out.
text: AVA returns to EVE’s side, again embracing her. ADAM looks
text: over at the two sisters, their faces wearing similarly
text: pleading, manipulative expressions.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: No. That’s absolutely final.
text: He turns away, taking another sip from his glass.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROCK CLUB - NIGHT
text: A band is playing messy, very loud, damaged-sounding
text: rock’n’roll on the small stage of a rundown club. Directly
text: opposite the stage is a bar, with racks of bottles behind it
text: partially obscuring a long mirror. Between the stage and the
text: bar are some tables, and around them people watching the band
text: play the last song of its set.
text: Seated around one table, off to the side, are EVE, ADAM, AVA
text: and ADAM’s young “manager”, IAN. EVE wears her white Stetson
text: hat while ADAM hides behind dark wraparound sunglasses. AVA
text: bounces energetically to the discordant music.
text: ADAM leans in toward EVE.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (into her ear)
dialog: We shouldn’t be in here. (pause)
dialog: You saw the mirror, right?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (enjoying herself)
dialog: Don’t worry. Nobody ever notices
dialog: that. Just relax ok? Enjoy the
dialog: music.
text: The band finishes, growling guitar feedback mixing with
text: applause from the small crowd. As the musicians step off the
text: stage, people begin talking and milling around. Recorded
text: music starts from the jukebox.
text: Several musician types briefly stop by the table to
text: reverently congratulate IAN on the underground success of the
text: anonymous record. As they drift away, IAN leans in, smiling.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Hey man, this is great! (then to
dialog: AVA and EVE) I could never get him
dialog: to go out, hear some live music.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: They were brilliant! Did you like
dialog: them Adam?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (to ADAM)
dialog: Hey Adam! You wanna meet them?
dialog: They’re friends of mine.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (adamantly)
dialog: No. (pause) Please.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: That’s cool. I read you.
text: He takes a drink from a bottle of beer.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Oh man, I’m sorry. Can I get you
dialog: guys something? (he turns to AVA)
dialog: Eve?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: I’m Ava, she’s Eve.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Oh, right. I’m sorry. What can I
dialog: get you guys?
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (politely)
dialog: Nothing, thanks.
text: IAN then watches as AVA pulls out a silver flask. She
text: unscrews the top and takes a swig.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Oh, brought your own, huh? That’s
dialog: cool. What is it, Jagermeister?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (sternly to AVA)
dialog: Where did you get that?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: I filled it before we left. At
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: At home? You mean at my house.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (energized)
dialog: Yeah! Want some?
text: Extending the flask toward ADAM.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I‘ll take some.
text: ADAM scowls as EVE drinks from the flask. She smiles at him
text: then offers him the flask. Reluctantly, ADAM takes a drink.
text: AVA, smiling, snatches the flask from him and takes another
text: big swig.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Mmm!
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (lightheartedly)
dialog: Hey, could I maybe get in on that?
text: Mischievously, AVA looks at ADAM as she hands the flask to
speaker_heading: IAN.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Sure, Ian.
text: Manically, in a flash, Adam snatches the flask from IAN’s
text: hands before it reaches his lips. Just after, ADAM appears
text: almost surprised by his own actions.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (amazed by the speed)
dialog: Whoa! That was like some martial
dialog: arts type shit! (then to AVA)
dialog: This guy is amazing, man!
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (admiringly)
dialog: I know. He’s fucking brilliant.
dialog: And he’s totally hot.
text: ADAM turns toward EVE. She smiles. He takes a swig from the
text: flask, then puts it away inside his jacket.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: He is brilliant. I wish he would
dialog: take credit for it all.
text: While looking at ADAM, AVA strokes IAN’s arm flirtatiously.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
dialog: (leaning in, half
dialog: whispering)
dialog: I can’t even tell anyone who he is!
dialog: How weird is that! I had to sign a
dialog: confidentiality agreement and
dialog: everything, man.
text: IAN feels ADAM’s stern glare, even from behind the dark
dialog: glasses.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (still playfully touching
speaker_heading: IAN)
dialog: You gonna dance with me, rockstar?
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: What, here?
text: No one else in the club is dancing, but AVA gets up pulling
text: IAN with her. She begins dancing next to their table,
text: briefly drawing some attention from those nearby. IAN at
text: first stands selfconsciously, but after some coaxing from AVA
text: he gradually begins to move a little, trying unsuccessfully
text: to appear nonchalant.
text: AVA begins to dance more wildly, her eyes mostly fixed on
text: ADAM. IAN briefly notices this, but just laughs. EVE also
text: notices, an unreadable half-smile on her lips.
text: The music selection changes, and ADAM’s RECORD comes on. He
text: stiffens with discernible dread and turns to EVE.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: We gotta get outta here.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Ok, darling. But let’s not panic,
dialog: or make anything obvious, huh?
text: She smiles at him. They turn to see AVA, now dancing
text: suggestively to ADAM’s slow, unusual music. She locks her
text: eyes on ADAM as she turns and, looking over her shoulder,
text: briefly pulls her short dress halfway over her ass. She
dialog: laughs.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (all patience gone)
dialog: That’s it. We’re leaving right
dialog: now.
text: ADAM gets up, quickly followed by EVE. As ADAM moves toward
text: the door, EVE deftly reaches out and takes AVA by the hand,
text: pulling her.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (to AVA)
dialog: We're leaving now.
text: As they follow in ADAM’s direction, AVA in turn reaches back
text: to grab the hand of IAN, pulling him along as well.
text: ADAM exits as the other three, hands linked, move past the
text: bar and toward the door. Standing at the bar, facing the
text: mirror are the BASS PLAYER and DRUMMER seen earlier on stage.
text: While the BASS PLAYER looks down at his beer, the DRUMMER
text: gazes absently into the mirror.
text: IN ITS REFLECTION HE SEES ONLY IAN, LURCHING ODDLY TOWARD THE
text: DOOR AS THOUGH BEING PULLED BY ONE ARM. EVE AND AVA ARE NOT
text: VISIBLE IN THE REFLECTION.
text: The DRUMMER turns and looks at the doorway, just in time to
text: see IAN lurch through it, disappearing outside. He turns
text: back and stares quizzically at the mirror.
speaker_heading: DRUMMER
dialog: Did you see that?
speaker_heading: BASS PLAYER
dialog: Wait, what?
speaker_heading: DRUMMER
dialog: Nothing...
text: The DRUMMER shakes his head, then takes a long drink from his
text: bottle of beer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: EVE, ADAM, AVA and IAN are in ADAM’s livingroom/studio. EVE
text: sits on one end of the couch, while at the other end AVA is
text: nestled very close to IAN, her hand lightly moving underneath
text: the sleeve of his shirt. ADAM, standing, is collecting reels
text: and boxes of his tapes. Music plays, but not ADAM’s music.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Couldn’t we just hear a taste of
dialog: your new stuff, Adam?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (facing away from them)
dialog: Now’s not a good time.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Oh, man...Last time I saw you, you
dialog: said that if I came by...
text: ADAM turns and gives him a stern, definitive look.
speaker_heading: IAN (cont'd)
dialog: Ok, not now. That’s cool. I’m
dialog: just, you know, excited.
text: AVA's hand moves to IAN’s leg.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Me too.
text: Carrying a stack of tape reels and boxes, ADAM moves to the
text: doorway, then turns and nods to EVE. She gets up from the
dialog: couch.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: It’s getting really late. We all
dialog: should retire before it starts
text: getting light out.
text: IAN leans forward on the couch, but AVA immediately pulls him
text: back toward her.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Adam?
text: ADAM pauses in the doorway.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: Could I have that flask back?
dialog: Please?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: No, Ava. I think you’ve had
dialog: enough.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (pouting)
dialog: But I’m just so...so thirsty.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (offering his beer bottle
dialog: to AVA)
dialog: Wanna share this?
text: AVA petulantly pushes the bottle away.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Ian, I think it’s time for you to
dialog: go.
text: AVA wraps her arms around him possessively.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: He’s gonna leave as soon as he
text: finishes his little beer.
text: ADAM glares at IAN, who nervously drinks from his bottle.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Yeah. I should get goin’.
speaker_heading: AVA
text: (her arms still encircling
dialog: him)
dialog: Yeah. He’s gonna go in just a few
dialog: minutes.
text: ADAM leaves the room. EVE leans in and kisses AVA on the
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Goodnight, baby. (then extending
dialog: her hand to IAN) Nice to meet you,
dialog: Ian. See you again soon, I hope.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Yeah. Hope so.
text: EVE moves to the door, looking back briefly at AVA and IAN on
text: the couch before closing the door behind her.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: EVE turns a lamp on. She is sitting on ADAM’s side of the
text: bed pulling on her dark red bathrobe, the silver flask in one
text: hand. ADAM is still asleep, again with a pillow over his
dialog: head.
dialog: 70.
text: EVE pulls up a corner of the pillow and, smiling, peeks at
text: ADAM. He opens one eye.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (groggy)
dialog: Don’t you dare say it.
text: EVE laughs. ADAM takes the pillow from his head and looks
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: Is it dark out already?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What are ya doin’ with that flask?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I put a little in for AVA.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Oh, fuck...
text: She touches his head affectionately.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I’m gonna go check on her. But,
dialog: you're right, she’s gotta leave. I
dialog: need to have you all to myself.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Excellent idea, before it’s too
dialog: late. (pause) I’m getting up,
dialog: then.
text: EVE kisses him. Before standing, she pauses, looking over at
text: their wedding photo which she has moved to the nightstand.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (standing)
dialog: We look so young, don’t we?
text: ADAM looks over at the photograph, as EVE leaves the room,
text: their faces in it appearing identical to the present.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Flask in hand, EVE walks down a corridor, passing the
text: upstairs livingroom, then descending the staircase.
text: Downstairs she moves through a narrow hallway, pausing to
text: knock on a door. No response. She pushes the door open
dialog: slightly.
dialog: 71.
text: In the small room a light is on. The bed is unmade and
text: empty. AVA’s open suitcase, a transparent raincoat and some
text: clothes are scattered around.
text: EVE turns and heads back to the staircase, ascending to the
text: upper floor. She enters the livingroom, then stops dead in
text: her tracks and gasps. The flask slips from her hand and
text: falls to the floor, blood spilling out onto the carpet.
text: AVA, on the velvet couch, half undressed and disheveled, is
text: sprawled on top of IAN. His shirt is ripped open, head
text: tilted back, a dark, open, bruise-colored wound on his neck.
text: His skin is blue-grey, one emaciated arm spilling lifelessly
text: off the couch and onto the floor. Nearby, ADAM’s antique
text: 1905 guitar lies in pieces.
text: EVE rushes over and pulls AVA up from the couch. AVA comes-—
text: to, but is groggy and disoriented.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (looking directly into
text: AVA's half-opened eyes)
dialog: Ava, what did you do?!
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Wha?
text: EVE slaps her across the face.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: Ouch!
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Why did you do that to Ian?
text: AVA looks over at the dead, blue IAN, his corpse completely
text: drained of blood.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (whining immaturely)
dialog: Oh, I don’t know.
text: AVA struggles to stand but EVE gives her a hard push, and AVA
text: lands back on the couch, sitting on top of IAN.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: Hey! Ouch.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Explain, Ava!
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Please, Eve. I don’t know.
text: She looks at IAN’s dead face, his mouth open grotesquely.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: (whining)
dialog: I was still so hungry, and he was
dialog: just so cute. (pause) Now I feel
dialog: sick.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No wonder, you idiot. He was in
dialog: the fucking music business! For
dialog: fuck’s sake, Ava. This is the
dialog: twenty-first bloody century!
dialog: That’s like having unprotected sex!
dialog: You stupid twat. Now you’ve
dialog: endangered all of us.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (starting to cry)
dialog: I didn’t mean to. I just couldn’t
dialog: resist...
text: EVE and AVA turn to see ADAM, in his bathrobe, standing in
text: the doorway. He has stopped dead in his tracks, in complete
text: shock. He stares at IAN in disbelief, then rushes over and
text: throws AVA to the floor.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: (landing hard)
dialog: Ouch! Adam!
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: (looking closely at IAN,
dialog: semi-hysterical)
dialog: I don’t believe this! You fuckin’
dialog: drank Ian! You’ve completely
dialog: drained him! He’s dead!
text: ADAM glares down at AVA. Crawling backwards, she moves a few
text: feet away from him.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: You slurp down almost all of our O
dialog: Negative, then you fuckin’ suck Ian
dialog: dry. Why didn’t you just turn him,
dialog: at least?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (whimpering)
dialog: I...I don’t know...Please!
text: ADAM pulls back his leg to kick AVA.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No, Adam!
text: ADAM freezes, his leg held back threateningly. AVA sobs.
text: ADAM turns to EVE.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (seething)
dialog: I should kill her.
text: AVA makes retching noises.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Well, kicking her head in would
dialog: hardly accomplish that.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Where’s the gun then?
text: EVE rises and goes to ADAM, pulling him close. She looks in
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Listen. Ava’s gotta get out of
dialog: here, and we have to deal with
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Get her outta here then! I don’t
text: even want to look at her.
text: EVE goes to AVA and pulls her to her feet, half-dragging her
text: across the room to the door. AVA continues whimpering. ADAM
text: looks down at IAN.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: (furious, to AVA without
dialog: looking at her)
dialog: You stupid little bitch! He was my
dialog: fragile link to the outside! He
dialog: was my fucking manager!
text: EVE and the whimpering AVA can be heard noisily descending
text: the staircase just outside the door, while ADAM stands
text: motionless, still looking down at IAN’s corpse on the couch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ADAM’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: AVA, pushed from behind, lurches out ADAM’s front door. She
text: has her luggage in one hand and a transparent raincoat only
text: halfway on. ADAM stands in the doorway, EVE just behind him.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Where am I supposed to go?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Go back and rot in fuckin’ L.A.,
dialog: where you belong.
dialog: 74.
text: ADAM disappears inside, leaving EVE at the door.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (pleading tearfully)
dialog: Eve, please! I didn’t mean it!
dialog: I’m not well! You’re my only
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: You have to go.
text: AVA backs away from the house, sobbing. EVE closes the door
text: from inside. AVA wipes at her running mascara, then looks up
text: at the house.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (crying quietly)
dialog: You know what you guys are? You’re
dialog: condescending snobs! Just wait.
dialog: (sniffle) You’1ll find out what the
dialog: world is really like out there.
text: She pulls her coat on and, buttoning it clumsily, disappears
text: down the empty, darkened street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: EVE reenters to find ADAM frantically pacing around the room.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (smouldering)
dialog: Uncivilized bitch. What does she
dialog: think this is, the fucking
dialog: fifteenth century?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I’m so sorry. He seemed like a
dialog: lovely fellow.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Now just my Achilles heel.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No one can connect you with him,
dialog: can they?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Are you kidding? We were out with
dialog: him last fuckin’ night! Soon
dialog: they’1l certainly be bloody lookin’
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah. So much for that
dialog: confidentiality agreement.
dialog: 75.
text: ADAM stops pacing and glares at her, then looks down at his
text: broken antique guitar.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (despondent)
dialog: Even my fucking 1905 Gibson L2.
dialog: Destroyed.
text: EVE bends over the broken guitar, delicately examining its
text: interior construction.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (softly, sincerely)
dialog: Look how beautifully it was made
dialog: inside.
text: ADAM whirls and kicks the guitar, breaking it further and
text: scattering its pieces. Shielding herself, EVE quickly rises,
text: watching ADAM with concern as he continues pacing
dialog: frantically.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (stopping and turning to
dialog: EVE, accusingly)
dialog: Why did you invite that little
dialog: bitch here, anyway?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (flaring up)
dialog: I didn’t fucking invite her! Don’t
dialog: blame me for this.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Fuck.
text: He paces some more, then leaves the room. EVE sits down on
text: the edge of the couch next to IAN, forlorn.
text: ADAM returns with a brown tarp and some rope. He is wearing
text: heavy, rubber, work gloves, and tosses another pair at EVE.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (standing up, putting on
dialog: the gloves)
dialog: What’s the plan, then?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (unfurling the tarp)
dialog: The plan? I don’t have a fuckin’
dialog: plan. I don’t really plan for this
dialog: kind of shit! All I know is we
dialog: better get rid of him fast.
text: The two roll IAN off the couch and onto the tarp, pulling it
text: around him. ADAM loops the rope around the tarp and begins
text: tying it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. ADAM’S CAR - NIGHT
text: ADAM angrily, recklessly, drives his Jag through the Detroit
text: night, EVE solemn in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Take it easy. Let’s just stay
dialog: calm.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Stay calm?!
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Please, Adam.
text: She reaches over and touches his shoulder, but he shrugs it
text: away and she withdraws her arm. A police car passes them,
text: traveling in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: What are we gonna do with him?
text: ADAM doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: In the old days we could just chuck
dialog: ‘em in the Thames...alongside all
text: the other tubercular floaters.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Any other ideas?
speaker_heading: EVE
text: (after a pause, trying to
dialog: lighten the mood)
dialog: We could put him through a wood-
text: chipper. Like in the movie FARGO.
text: ADAM glances over, questioningly.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: You didn’t see FARGO?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: I have no idea what you’re talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: A movie. It’s got Steve Buscemi in
dialog: it. I love him.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (tersely)
dialog: I don’t know who that is.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Darling, you’re so...unhip.
text: ADAM glances at her, a hint of insecurity flashing across his
text: brooding eyes.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Am I?
text: EVE looks forward, smiling, her eyes again bright and
text: irrepressible.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ADAM’S CAR - NIGHT
text: The car moves through a completely deserted post-industrial
text: area. It turns again, pulling down a narrow alley, which
text: then widens into an open area partially enclosed by broken
text: factory walls. The ghosts of old machinery stand rusting and
text: collapsed. The Jag slows, then stops.
text: Its headlights illuminate a very large corroded metal tank, a
text: rusting metal staircase leading to a platform near its rim.
text: In the surrounding area rusting barrels are tossed here and
text: there, leaking small pools of strangely colored liquid
dialog: chemicals.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (surveying the landscape
dialog: through the windshield)
dialog: Delightful.
text: ADAM turns and checks behind him, then switches off the
text: headlights, leaving the engine running.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED INDUSTRIAL AREA - NIGHT
text: Together ADAM and EVE drag the tarped body from the car
text: toward the large chemical tank.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Is this like in BATMAN, when they
dialog: throw the Joker into the acid?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah, sort of, only he was still
dialog: alive.
text: Suddenly an eerie sound causes them to freeze. Not far off a
text: group of coyote howl and yip uncannily.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Tell me I’m crazy, but those are
dialog: most definitely Canis Latrans.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah. Coyote.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: Interesting. In the heart of
dialog: Detroit?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: You'd be surprised.
text: The sounds subside, the coyote moving off. ADAM and EVE
text: resume, dragging the corpse to the staircase at the base of
text: the tank. They carry it up the staircase, seemingly without
dialog: difficulty, indicating prior experience in the physics of
text: moving corpses.
text: Reaching the platform at the top, they pause and peer into
text: the tank, reactively covering their mouths and noses. Three
text: or four meters below them is a surface of thick, oily, liquid
text: emitting a visible vapor. EVE glances at ADAM.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: Don’t even ask. (pause) You ready?
text: They hoist the wrapped corpse to rim of the tank, then roll
text: it over the side. Immediately they both take cover,
text: crouching behind the tank’s exterior wall.
text: The corpse lands with a dull splash, as though the sound was
text: slowed down. After a pause, still covering their faces, ADAM
text: and EVE cautiously peer into the tank.
text: The wrapped corpse is visibly disintegrating as it slips into
text: the thick fluid. The top corner of the tarp, however, has
text: come unfurled, revealing IAN’s grimacing, blue face.
text: Riveted, ADAM and EVE watch as the face disintegrates, skin
text: melting from bone, the skull and teeth then ghoulishly
text: sinking below the surface. A moment later no visible trace
text: of IAN is left.
text: ADAM and EVE look at each other.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: My, that was certainly...visual.
text: ADAM turns and descends the rusty metal stairs, EVE then
dialog: following.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. ADAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: ADAM is manically pacing in the small room, his fingers
text: twisting his hair. EVE sits calmly on the bed, watching him.
text: Clothes and objects are strewn everywhere, and drawers flung
text: open. Piles of money in various denominations, as well as
text: passports, jewelry, and credit cards are scattered across the
text: surface of the bed surrounding EVE.
text: Still pacing and losing control, ADAM reaches into an open
text: drawer and flings a handful of U.S. bills into the air.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (money fluttering down
dialog: around him)
dialog: Need anything? We’re having a
dialog: liquidation sale. Everything must
dialog: go!
text: He tosses a stack of loose euros toward EVE. They float down
text: around her like falling leaves.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: (ranting)
dialog: Have some more of mankind’s most
dialog: useless and tragic invention!
text: He whirls around holding a box containing reels of recorded
text: audio tapes; master tapes of his music.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: (wildly)
dialog: How about some cult music? Mind
text: bending guitar drone. Recorded in
dialog: secret by a real fucking vampire!
text: He tosses the box, his arm then sweeping a stack of antique,
text: leather-bound books to the floor. He whirls back toward EVE.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: What!? Did you say...blood? Ah, I
dialog: see. Not money, not art, but it’s
dialog: blood you want! (he turns away,
dialog: eyes wild) That’s right! What’s
dialog: more precious than human blood?
text: He turns to EVE, holding up the small silver flask, his eyes
text: now fluttering in his head. He takes a step toward her,
text: almost menacingly.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: Type O! The original blood of Adam
dialog: and Eve? That’s what we need,
dialog: but...not much of that left, is
dialog: there? In fact, almost none!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: (pause, then in an unusual voice)
dialog: Sorry, but me wife’s sis’ turned up
dialog: and she sucked it all down! (then,
dialog: moving even closer) Then she
dialog: sucked up my business partner.
dialog: Just like that!
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Adam, you're upsetting me.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Am I?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah. Let’s just calm down.
dialog: (pause) What we’re going to do is
dialog: calmly get the hell out of here.
text: Suddenly the doorbell rings. Both freeze momentarily, then
text: ADAM rushes to the window. Pulling the curtain back very
text: slightly, he peeks out. The bell rings again.
text: Outside he sees the same group of young hipsters who rang his
text: bell earlier. Several are on his porch, and several more by
text: a car parked in the street.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Some fucking rock’n’roll kids.
dialog: (then closing the curtain) They’re
dialog: onto me. We’re fucked.
text: The bell rings again.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Don’t be ridiculous. They’1ll go
dialog: away. Good job it isn’t the
dialog: authorities.
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: (again peering through a
text: thin opening in the
dialog: curtain.)
dialog: Yeah, well, they’1ll be next.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (turning on her white
dialog: mobile)
dialog: We'll be long gone, baby.
text: She scrolls then dials a number on the phone, then waits.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (calmly into phone)
dialog: Yes, I’d like to make some
dialog: reservations. (pause) Thank you.
text: The sound of a car pulling away is heard. ADAM closes the
text: curtain and turns to EVE, a wild look in his eyes.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, I want to book flights for two
dialog: to Tangier. (pause) Yes, from
dialog: Detroit, flying at night please.
dialog: (pause) Thank you.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What about my equipment and all my
dialog: fucking instruments!?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (to ADAM, hand over the
dialog: phone)
dialog: Oh fuck your bloody instruments.
dialog: There are millions of beautiful
dialog: instruments in the world. Calm
text: down. (then, back into phone).
dialog: Excuse me? (pause) Oh, connecting
dialog: through London?
text: Her eyes are on ADAM, who spins away from her, fingers again
text: entangled in his hair.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (calmly into phone)
dialog: London’s not good. How about...
dialog: (pause) Oh, yes, Madrid is good.
dialog: And that flight is also at night?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (spinning around)
dialog: I can’t do this! I won’t survive
dialog: the bloody trip.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (into phone but glaring at
speaker_heading: ADAM)
dialog: Yes. Oh, for tonight! First
dialog: class, please, for two.
text: EVE’s fingers pluck a credit card from the pile in front of
text: her. She raises it to her eye level, then looks up at ADAM.
text: He begins to spin slowly, disturbingly, in front of her, both
text: his hands now tangled in his hair.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - NIGHT
text: ADAM and EVE are seated in first class on an airplane. The
text: interior is darkened, all other visible passengers asleep.
text: ADAM also appears to be asleep, slouched in the window seat;
text: his gaunt face mostly covered by hair and dark glasses. EVE,
text: in the aisle seat next to him, also wears dark glasses.
text: Though noticeably more fragile than before, she sits upright,
text: alert and wide awake, as her thin hands caress their wedding
text: photo cradled in her lap.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
dialog: “A secret turning in us
text: makes the universe turn.
text: Head unaware of feet,
text: and feet head. Neither cares.
dialog: They keep turning.”
dialog: - Rumi
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TANGIER STREETS - NIGHT
text: EVE struggles to help ADAM out of a taxi in the somewhat run-
text: down quarter of Tangier near EVE’s apartment. The Moroccan
text: driver lifts their suitcases from the car’s open trunk.
text: EVE pays him and he thanks her politely. They pick up their
text: luggage as the car pulls away.
text: ADAM now quite frail, is having trouble walking. He stops,
text: propping himself against a wall.
text: Two shadowed figures pass them, one pausing in front of them
dialog: briefly to offer “something really special”, first in French,
text: then English. EVE shakes her head definitively and the
text: figure moves away.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (now taking ADAM’s arm)
dialog: Come on baby, we’re almost there.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: It’ll be dawn soon.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: (she glances at the sky)
dialog: It'll be fine, we’ve got time.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: But did you reach Marlowe?
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No, which concerns me a little.
dialog: (pause) But we’ll find him, I’m
dialog: sure. Come on.
text: They make it to the next corner, EVE pausing to look up at
text: the building where she lives.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (visibly surprised)
dialog: That’s odd.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (leaning on her)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: My lights are on.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (exhausted)
dialog: Oh, great. What next?
text: EVE still holds his arm as they make it across the street and
text: enter her building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S BUILDING / HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: ADAM and EVE ascend the narrow staircase as quietly as
text: possible. They pause in front of the door to EVE’s
text: apartment, listening. From behind the door voices, both
text: adults and children, can be heard speaking Arabic. On the
text: floor next to the door, in a neat row, are five pairs of
text: shoes, three in children’s sizes.
text: EVE slips her key in the door and opens it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: EVE stands in her doorway looking in, ADAM propped up just
text: behind her. The voices are quiet.
text: Looking back at them is a family of Moroccans seated on the
text: floor around one of EVE’s low tables. On its surface
text: something is cooking on a hotplate. A clothesline dissects
text: the apartment, draped with drying laundry.
text: There is a long silent pause. The family: a man, woman, a
text: girl and two smaller boys, stare in surprise and amazement at
text: the gaunt strangers in the doorway. All of the family have
text: large, dark, sympathetic eyes.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: (in Arabic, wide-eyed but
dialog: calm)
dialog: What’s going on here? This is my
dialog: apartment.
text: The woman glances at the man, then stands up and immediately
text: begins to gather their belongings, the girl instinctively
text: springing up to help her. The man nods toward the two boys,
text: then stands.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (in Arabic)
dialog: We are extremely sorry. We were
dialog: told this apartment had been
dialog: possibly permanently vacated. This
text: is an embarrassing accident.
text: While he is talking ADAM and EVE step into the room, ADAM
text: stumbling toward the bed, then collapsing onto it.
text: The man speaks to the small boys who are now standing, but
text: staring at EVE.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: (in Arabic, to the boys)
dialog: Quickly, help gather our things!
dialog: We must leave, right now!
text: The entire family now rushes around the apartment, gathering
text: their belongings and packing them into several large,
text: zippered, plastic duffels. The boys quickly strip the
text: clothesline, while the girl retrieves articles of clothing
text: from the bed. ADAM, half conscious, comes-to briefly as the
text: girl pulls a shawl from under him.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (shifting and looking
text: groggily at the young
dialog: girl)
dialog: Oh, sorry.
text: With remarkable speed, the family finishes packing. As the
text: MAN talks to EVE, the rest move in a group toward the door,
text: the boys with the duffels, the woman and girl wrapping shawls
text: around their heads and faces.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (in Arabic)
dialog: I can’t apologize more sincerely.
dialog: We had no other place to go. My
dialog: family and I are ashamed by this
dialog: unfortunate misunderstanding.
text: The family has moved out the door and, hanging his head, the
text: man turns to follow them.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (in Arabic)
dialog: Wait.
text: The MAN turns and EVE hands him some folded bills. He shakes
text: his head, unable to accept.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (in Arabic, putting the
dialog: money in his hand)
dialog: I insist. Find another place.
text: The man backs out the door, half bowing.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (in Arabic)
dialog: Bless you. Again, my apologies.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Nevermind, but I still live here.
text: She closes the door and leans against it, arms folding across
text: her chest. She surveys the disheveled state of her
text: apartment. Furniture rearranged, ADAM unconscious on the
dialog: bed.
text: She crosses the room, making sure the curtains are tightly
dialog: closed.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE UP TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVE’S APARTMENT - LATE EVENING
text: Spinning slowly clockwise, and viewed from above, ADAM and
text: EVE are ‘asleep’ on the bed. They’re still fully clothed,
text: EVE’s head resting on ADAM’s shins, the room softly lit by
text: several lamps.
text: The spinning slows and stops. From outside, the haunting
text: call-to-prayer can be heard faintly in the distance.
text: After a few moments EVE’s eyes open. They are less alert
text: than usual. She rubs them, and looks around her. She looks
text: at her watch. Slowly she sits up and retrieves her white
text: phone from the nightstand.
text: She turns it on and dials a number, then waits. After a
text: moment she turns the phone off, concern apparent in her
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (quietly to herself)
dialog: Damnit, Marlowe, where are you?
dialog: 86.
text: She stares off into space for a moment, then turns toward
text: ADAM. Looking down at him, she lovingly caresses his hair
text: then runs the back of her hand across his sunken cheek.
text: Then, raising his hand in hers, she kisses his wedding ring,
text: then replaces his arm.
text: EVE gently rocks ADAM’s shoulders, now attempting to wake
text: him. He remains unconscious, silent and unmoving. She rocks
text: him again, harder. Still no results.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Damnit, Adam!
text: She pulls his hair away from one side of his face, then slaps
text: him sharply across the cheek.
text: A moment later ADAM stirs and grunts, then groggily raises
text: one hand to his cheek.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (in a delayed reaction)
text: Oww. (pause, eyes opening half
dialog: way) What was that for?
text: EVE smiles wanly, then leans in and kisses him on the cheek
dialog: she had struck.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
text: (rising to his elbows with
dialog: difficulty)
dialog: Where are we?
text: He rubs his bleary eyes, looking around him.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Did you find Marlowe?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: No, not yet. But you gotta get up.
dialog: We’re gonna go find him.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (pulling himself up a
dialog: fraction higher)
dialog: If I can even fuckin’ walk...
text: EVE helps hoist him into a sitting position.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: It'll be alright, baby.
text: She strokes his hair.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: EXT. TANGIER STREETS - NIGHT
text: ADAM and EVE walk shakily through the shadowed corridors of
text: the Medina, ADAM partially supporting himself on EVE’s
text: shoulder. She is also weak, but determined.
text: They move past several men outside a dim cafe. One
text: approaches them, speaking in English.
scene_heading: MAN IN STREET
dialog: I have something very special for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: Not what I need, I’m sure.
scene_heading: MAN IN STREET
dialog: Are you sure?
text: Then, after getting a better look at the strange couple as
text: they pass through a shaft of dim light, he retreats.
speaker_heading: MAN IN STREET (contd)
dialog: (in English)
dialog: No, perhaps not.
text: At the next corner they pause, looking across the small
text: square of the Petit Socco. On the opposite side is the ONE
text: THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS CAFE, where EVE had her previous
text: rendezvous with Marlowe. This time though its lights are
text: turned off, its doors closed and shaded.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Fuck.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Come on.
text: They stumble across the square, arriving at the locked door
text: of the cafe. EVE knocks on the door. No response.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (slouching)
dialog: Shit, baby. We’re not gonna make
dialog: it.
text: EVE knocks again, much louder this time. She turns and looks
text: around them, propping ADAM up against her.
text: Just then, there is the sound of someone approaching the door
text: from inside. A lock turns and the door opens a crack. Part
text: of a man’s face is visible. The door then opens wider. It
dialog: is the Moroccan BARMAN who was there before.
dialog: 88.
text: His eyes are wide, worried. He quickly ushers EVE and ADAM
text: through the door and into the darkened cafe.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ONE THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS CAFE - NIGHT
text: The Moroccan BARMAN cautiously locks the door behind them,
text: then turns to face EVE, his sympathetic eyes on the verge of
dialog: tears.
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: (in English)
dialog: Madame, the boss is not well. This
dialog: is a very bad situation. Very bad.
text: As he says this he briefly takes EVE’s hand in his own.
text: Letting it go, he turns and crosses beyond the bar, stopping
text: near a closed door. Opening it, he turns to them.
speaker_heading: BARMAN (cont'd)
dialog: Please, this way.
text: EVE and ADAM cross and pass through the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM, ONE THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS CAFE - NIGHT
text: The BARMAN closes the door and turns to face them. The room
text: is a relatively small office; a library lined with
text: bookshelves, there is a desk, several chairs, and a tea-
text: table. Books are stacked everywhere.
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: (crossing the small room)
dialog: This is our private library.
text: He presses on a leather-bound book in one of the bookcases.
text: The entire section of wall opens, revealing a secret doorway.
text: Again he motions to them and they cross and move through the
text: opening into a hidden room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HIDDEN ROOM, ONE THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS CAFE - NIGHT
text: Just behind EVE, ADAM and the BARMAN, the door mechanically
text: closes. The room is medium-sized, windowless, and lit by
text: lamps and candles. It’s walls are dark, it’s furnishings a
text: mixture of antique European and Moroccan. A small desk sits
text: in a corner, its surface a mess of handwritten manuscripts.
text: Central to the room however is an antique daybed with a
text: reclining figure under a dark red, velvet cover.
dialog: 89.
text: It’s Marlowe, pale, weak and thin. His eyes slowly open and
text: light up faintly as they locate his visitors. With effort,
text: he lifts one hand, palm down, toward EVE.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: (half whispering)
dialog: Well, well. Look what the cat
dialog: dragged in.
text: EVE steps over and takes his hand, kissing it, and kneeling
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: My dear Christopher Marlowe.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: You look...like shit.
text: Over her shoulder he sees the BARMAN near the door, then ADAM
text: who is again propped against a wall.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE (cont'd)
dialog: (to ADAM)
dialog: [He quotes from Hamlet - TBD]
speaker_heading: ADAM
speaker_heading: (to MARLOWE)
dialog: [He responds with a quote from
speaker_heading: Hamlet - TBD]
text: This elicits a weak smile from MARLOWE.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: What happened, Kit?
text: Feebly his hand feels for something next to him, under the
text: velvet bed-cover. He lifts a tarnished, inlaid flask and
text: attempts to hand it to EVE. She takes it from him.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: (his voice now weaker)
dialog: It’s the last of the (cough) good
dialog: stuff. (pause) It’s too late for
dialog: me.
text: EVE opens the top and takes a small sip. Then reaching
text: behind her, she hands the flask to ADAM. He takes a sip
text: immediately, then sluggishly hands the flask back to EVE.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE (cont'd)
dialog: No more good French doctor.
dialog: I...got some bad stuff.
dialog: Contaminated. Avoid...the
dialog: hospital...here.
text: As EVE slides the flask into her pocket the Moroccan BARMAN
text: approaches and also kneels next to the bed.
dialog: 90.
text: MARLOWE looks at him affectionately, and the man takes
text: MARLOWE’s hand, his dark eyes beginning to tear.
text: ADAM, having regained a small amount of strength, steps over
text: to the writing desk which is lit by a candle.
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: Still been scribbling a bit, then,
dialog: Kit?
text: The others look over, MARLOWE’s eyes slowly following.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: Oh, you know...Here and there over
dialog: the (cough) centuries...
text: ADAM lifts the candle to a portrait on the wall. It’s a
text: familiar image of William Shakespeare, framed in dark wood
text: with a knife firmly planted in the forehead. Seeing it, EVE
text: laughs lightly.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Well, there he is.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
text: (with a sudden jolt of
dialog: energy)
dialog: Illiterate!
text: ADAM sets the candle down on a table under the portrait and
text: turns to MARLOWE.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Yeah. But they pulled it off,
dialog: didn’t they, Kit? And you played
dialog: along.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE
dialog: (his voice fading)
dialog: Had no choice, really...it was
dialog: (cough) highly political. After
dialog: all, I was supposed to be...dead.
dialog: (cough)
text: EVE and the BARMAN now each hold one of MARLOWE’s skeletal
text: hands. MARLOWE makes an effort to look into EVE’s eyes.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE (cont'd)
dialog: And now, at last...I shall be.
text: MARLOWE’s eyes drift back to the defaced portrait of
dialog: Shakespeare.
speaker_heading: MARLOWE (cont'd)
dialog: (his voice nearly gone)
dialog: Mindless...entrepreneurial...
dialog: bastard.
dialog: 91.
text: MARLOWE’s eyes close. His breathing stops.
text: EVE, tears streaming, gently strokes his hair. The BARMAN
text: leans in, burying his head in MARLOWE’s chest. He begins to
dialog: sob.
text: ADAM slowly steps over and kneels, with the other two, next
text: to the bed.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (reverently)
dialog: Great fucking poet.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (crying softly)
dialog: If the world could only know...
text: ADAM lifts MARLOWE’s hand to his lips and kisses it, then
text: gently replacing the dead man’s arm.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
dialog: “I want to hold you close like a lute,
dialog: so we can cry out with loving.
dialog: You would rather throw stones at a mirror
dialog: I am your mirror and here are the stones.”
dialog: - Rumi
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TANGEIR ALLEYWAY - NIGHT
text: ADAM and EVE hover somberly in a narrow alley behind some
text: buildings not far from the cafe.
text: Silently they lean against a wall, shoulder to shoulder.
text: EVE, face still streaked from her tears, carefully takes out
text: the flask and takes a small sip. She hands it to ADAM who
text: sips, then tilts the flask approximating it’s meager
text: contents. He then hands it back to EVE.
text: ADAM’s head rolls back against the wall. He studies a
text: tangled mass of electrical wires just above him, hanging from
dialog: the buildings.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Look at that shit.
text: EVE’s head tilts back.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: How fuckin’ ridiculous.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (teasing, imitating him)
dialog: Yeah, stupid bloody humans.
text: After a brief reaction from ADAM, there is a moment of
text: silence. Then suddenly they speak in unison.
speaker_heading: ADAM AND EVE
dialog: What are we gonna do?
text: There is a pause before EVE laughs. ADAM attempts to scowl.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Hey, I know what I’m gonna do.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: I’m gonna give you a present.
text: She holds onto him tightly.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: We're gonna go a few blocks away,
dialog: and you're gonna wait for me there.
dialog: Ok?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: What? Ok.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Do you have any money on you?
text: She kisses his cheek.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Uhh, yeah. A lot.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (bright eyed)
dialog: Good. Give me all your money,
dialog: baby.
text: Her arms still around him, his hand fumbles to locate his
text: outer coat pocket.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TANGIER STREETS - NIGHT
text: ADAM leans against a wall in the shadows. He is on a narrow
text: street just off the Petit Socco, peering into the open, front
text: windows of a bar or small club. From inside, hallucinatory
dialog: music mixes traditional Middle Eastern and North African
text: forms with something more modern and equally entrancing.
dialog: 93.
text: Most remarkable, though, is how the music slowly swirls
text: around a single female voice, half whispering the vocals in
dialog: Arabic
text: ADAM becomes mesmerized. Several shadowy figures pass him,
text: one pausing.
scene_heading: SHADOWY FIGURE
dialog: (in French)
dialog: I have something very special, my
dialog: friend.
text: ADAM waves him away, absorbed by the music. From over his
text: shoulder the musicians can be seen inside.
text: Several seated players with traditional clothes and
text: instruments half-encircle the singer. She is a striking
text: young woman with long dark hair, wearing tight jeans and a
text: dark t-shirt. She is catlike and sinuous, her voice a strong
text: yet delicate instrument. She is riveting.
text: Someone touches ADAM from behind him and he stiffens and
text: turns. EVE is there standing next to him, concealing a
text: fairly large object behind her back. Again her eyes are
text: bright, but with dark circles around them, as are ADAM’s.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Shit, man, you startled me.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Sorry, darling.
text: She kisses him on the cheek. His eyes are drawn back to the
dialog: musicians.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (enthusiasm somehow
dialog: leaking through his
dialog: depleted state)
dialog: Eve, check this out. This chick is
dialog: fantastic.
text: EVE peers through the window. The singer slowly spins as she
dialog: sings.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Oh, yeah. She’s called Yaz. She's
dialog: Lebanese.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: You know her?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Just her music. (pause) They say
dialog: she’s gonna be a big star, though.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (still absorbed)
dialog: God, I hope not. (pause) She’s
dialog: way too good for that.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (observing him)
dialog: You wanna go in?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (propped against the wall)
dialog: No. I couldn’t handle it, I don’t
dialog: think.
text: He turns to EVE and notices by the way she’s standing that
text: she’s concealing something behind her.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: What’s all this, then?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Your present.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TANGIER MARKET STALL - NIGHT
text: EVE, smiling, backs away from him and into a small market
text: stall. Adam follows, and EVE presents him with a beautiful
text: antique, inlaid lute. ADAM’s sunken eyes lock on the
text: instrument as she gently delivers it into his hands.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: 1605.
text: ADAM plucks several strings and holds the body of the lute to
text: his ear.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Been eyeing it for you for years.
dialog: You never know, maybe it was John
dialog: Dowland’s.
text: ADAM half-stumbles toward her, holding the lute with one arm
text: and embracing her with the other.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: It’s exquisite. Thank you.
dialog: (pause) Though a rather odd time
dialog: to be giving me a present.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: But I told you I would.
dialog: 95.
text: A shadowed figure passes by the stall, pausing to briefly
text: peer in at them. It then moves away.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Let’s get out of here. (pause)
dialog: Can we go down by the water? I
dialog: need to see some water.
text: EVE nods and takes his hand, pulling him back into the dim,
text: narrow street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TANGIER STREETS - NIGHT
text: Each with one arm around the other, and ADAM clutching the
text: lute to his chest, the two move precariously around a corner,
text: then recede unsteadily across the small, dirty square.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PORT OF TANGIER - NIGHT
text: On a small, deserted public terrace in the Ville Nouvelle
text: ADAM and EVE sit looking out onto a sweeping view of the
text: port. Its water is black and glittering.
text: In the light their skin is luminously white, their features
text: frail and sunken. ADAM holds the lute across his lap. After
text: a silence, EVE carefully opens MARLOWE’s flask and takes a
text: sip. She then passes it to ADAM. As he drinks, the angle of
text: the flask makes it clear that very little of the fluid is
text: left inside. ADAM hands it back to her, both again gazing
text: out at the water.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (distantly)
dialog: 82% of human blood is water.
dialog: (pause, he turns to her) Have the
dialog: water wars started yet? Or is it
dialog: still about the oil?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (looking off)
dialog: Yeah, they’re already starting.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (eyes returning to the
dialog: dancing water)
dialog: They only figure it out when it’s
dialog: too late, don’t they?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: How much of a human’s body is
dialog: water?
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: About 55 to 60%.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: And how much of the earth’s
dialog: surface?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Uh, well, 70% is covered in ocean
dialog: (pause) then there are lakes,
dialog: rivers...
text: ADAM begins to gently pluck the strings of the lute, soon
text: finding a haunting, minimal pattern of notes. EVE listens
text: calmly as the tones from the antique wood resonate,
text: delicately mixing with the sparse sounds of the sleeping port
text: and city around them.
text: ADAM’s music now begins to falter. His hands and fingers
text: beginning to tremble. He stops playing.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: Fuck. (pause) I’m barely still
dialog: here.
text: EVE opens the flask and holds it up to his lips, only a few
text: drops entering them. She then lets another drop fall on her
dialog: own tongue.
speaker_heading: ADAM (cont'd)
dialog: That’s the last of it, isn’t it?
text: (pause, his head now back looking
dialog: at the black sky). Oh, Eve.
dialog: Someone call an angel down. It’s
dialog: gettin’ too dark here on the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Feebly, she tosses the empty flask out toward the black
text: water. A moment later a small “splash” is audible. EVE then
text: places a hand on ADAM’s trembling fingers.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: And Kit said to avoid the hospital,
dialog: yeah?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Again they stare listlessly off into the water. ADAM’s
text: fingers again begin to pluck the lute strings, though even
dialog: more slowly this time.
text: As EVE looks into the water, ADAM half-notices a young
text: Moroccan couple approaching.
dialog: 97.
text: They laugh, then stop near a railing some distance away
text: oblivious to ADAM and EVE’s presence. The young couple
text: begins a long, passionate kiss, their arms fully encircling
dialog: each other.
text: EVE now notices them too, watching approvingly for a moment
text: before her eyes return to the water.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Tell me now about Einstein’s theory
dialog: that you mentioned, Spooky Action
dialog: at a Distance. (pause, then
dialog: looking over at him) Does it have
dialog: something to do with quantum
dialog: theory?
speaker_heading: ADAM
text: (still slowly plucking the
dialog: lute)
dialog: Yeah. No. I mean, it’s nota
dialog: theory, it’s been proved.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Yeah? So, what is it?
text: He stops playing.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (speaking slowly, weakly)
dialog: Well, when you separate an entwined
dialog: particle and move the two parts far
dialog: away from each other, even at
text: opposite ends of the universe, then
dialog: if you alter or affect one, the
dialog: other will, spookily, be
text: identically altered or affected.
text: EVE again observes the young Moroccan couple, still enfolded
text: in their endless kiss.
speaker_heading: EVE
text: Even at opposite ends of the
dialog: universe?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Uh, yeah.
text: EVE turns to ADAM, leaning in and engaging him in a long
text: kiss. She then pulls back a little, and they gaze into each
text: others eyes.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: And what if these particles...are
dialog: in alternate universes?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Well...I guess then...uh...hmm...
dialog: 98.
text: EVE smiles and rests her head on his shoulder. Her attention
text: drifts back to the young lovers nearby, as does ADAM’s. The
text: young Moroccan’s lithe bodies remain pressed against one
text: another, lips locked, hands caressing each other, the dark
text: water glittering just behind them.
text: There is a period of silence, ADAM and EVE continuing to
text: observe them. EVE eventually glances at ADAM.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Is that what we’re thinking?
text: ADAM doesn’t respond, his eyes now ghoulishly locked on the
text: embracing couple.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: Adam, really. That’s so fuckin’
dialog: fifteenth century.
text: ADAM looks over at her, then both again drift back to the
text: lovers entwined, entranced, completely oblivious to the world
text: around them.
speaker_heading: EVE (cont'd)
dialog: They are deliciously beautiful
dialog: aren’t they?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: (half delirious)
dialog: What choice do we have, really?
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I guess for once you’re right.
dialog: (pause) But we’re only gonna turn
dialog: them. Ok?
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: How romantic of you. (then after
text: another pause, eyes on the couple)
dialog: Ok. I get the girl, though.
text: EVE gently slaps him. She then braces herself and stands.
text: She takes a deep breath. ADAM carefully puts down the lute
text: next to him, then using the back of the bench for support, he
text: shakily pulls himself into a standing position. He turns to
text: EVE and she looks deeply into his eyes.
text: EVE then turns and descends toward the young embracing
text: couple. ADAM, one arm still holding the bench for balance,
text: pauses, watching her intently.
text: Confidently, EVE walks up to the young lovers.
speaker_heading: EVE
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: 99.
text: The couple's dazed heads slowly separate, their bleary eyes
text: attempting to focus on the source of this interruption.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
dialog: “Love is for vanishing into the sky. The mind,
dialog: for learning what men have done and tried to do.
text: Mysteries are not to be solved. The eye goes blind
dialog: when it only wants to see why.”
dialog: - Rumi
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: END CREDITS
dialog: 
