speaker_heading: OUTBREAK
dialog: Written by
scene_heading: LAWRENCE DWORET & ROBERT ROY POOL
dialog: December 1993 Draft
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
speaker_heading: OUTBREAK
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE
scene_heading: HIGH-PITCHED WHINES. LOUDER AND LOUDER. MORTARS race
text: through the air and EXPLODE in the distant jungle. Sol-
text: diers -- black, white, Oriental -- curse and mutter in
text: French, German, Australian and American as they reload.
text: COMPUTER KEYS POUND -- the letters leap across the screen:
scene_heading: THE MOTABA RIVER VALLEY, BELGIAN CONGO (ZAIRE), 1960.
text: THE CAMP OF FORCES LOYAL TO MOISES TSHOMBE - DAY
scene_heading: BLACK MALE NURSE
text: carrying a bucket of water from the Motaba River rushes
dialog: past the Mercenary Army to --
speaker_heading: CAMP INFIRMARY
text: Where he replaces the towel on the forehead of a fever-
text: ish, delirious AUSTRALIAN MERCENARY with a cold new one.
scene_heading: AUSTRALIAN MERCENARY
dialog: Gimme somethin' for the bleedin'
dialog: pain. C'mon, mate, help me.
text: The Mercenary tries to lift himself out of his stretcher.
text: Can't. He's too weak. His skin is yellow and covered
text: with blisters that look like chicken pox.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (checking the
dialog: soldier's temp)
text: He's still over a hundred and
dialog: six. Why can't we bring it down?
text: The black African army physician, DR. RASWANI, looks on,
text: helpless. Suddenly, the Australian emits a sharp cry.
text: His eyes roll back, and he begins convulsing. Before
text: Raswani can even reach into his bag for medecine, the
text: Mercenary is dead.
text: Raswani and his Nurse stare with horror.
text: The DRONE of a CHOPPER grows LOUDER as a Bell Z180 ap-
text: pears over the edge of the forest and kicks up a storm of
text: dust as it lands. Raswani and the Nurse run to meet it.
text: In their eyes, hope.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Two space-suited figures emerge from the chopper, their
text: faces hidden by thick green plexiglass shields. The U.S.
text: flag is emblazoned on the side of their helmets, which
text: also display their ranks. The much taller man is a
dialog: lieutenant whom we'll know as McCLINTOCK. Through his
text: visor, we can just make out his pock-marked, angular
text: face. The shorter, pear-shaped man is a CAPTAIN. We
text: can't see his features, only the reflection of horn-
text: rimmed glasses.
speaker_heading: RASWANI
dialog: Have you brought the medicines?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Soon.
speaker_heading: RASWANI
dialog: Why the hell didn't you bring
dialog: them?
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: INFIRMARY
text: The two space-suited figures follow Dr. Raswani past
text: soldier after soldier infected with the same disease.
speaker_heading: RASWANI
dialog: Thirty deaths yesterday, eighteen
dialog: the day before, the disease is
dialog: killing our men faster than enemy
text: bullets.
text: The Captain stops at a young AMERICAN MERCENARY'S cot.
text: He's shaking with fever. His skin is mottled and looks
text: like the pulp of an orange. His voice is a whisper:
speaker_heading: AMERICAN MERCENARY
dialog: Take me home, Captain... Get me
dialog: outta this shithole. Please, I
dialog: wanna see my girl.
text: The American Mercenary reaches out with his arms to the
text: Captain, who shrinks back, not wanting to be
dialog: contaminated.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: We'll get you home, soldier.
dialog: First, I need a tissue sample.
text: He pulls from his black bag a long metal syringe and
text: plunges the biopsy needle deep into the man's liver. He
text: places the needle in an aluminum test tube and seals it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: AMERICAN MERCENARY
dialog: Promise me you'll get me home.
dialog: Promise me, Goddamit!
text: A long uneasy beat.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: We'll get you home.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: TWO SPACE-SUITED U.S. ARMY FIGURES
text: boarding their chopper, Dr. Raswani and his Nurse
text: standing by.
speaker_heading: RASWANI
dialog: Not just supplies, but doctors
dialog: and nurses. And suits like yours
dialog: to protect us. This disease
dialog: spreads too fast.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: The plane tonight will bring
dialog: everything.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INSIDE CHOPPER
text: ascending above the camp.
text: Lt. McClintock and the Captain look out the window at the
dialog: campsite.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: It's viral. There's no way to
dialog: stop it. It could spread all
dialog: over the world.
text: We can't see the Captain's face, but feel his remorse.
dialog: So can McClintock:
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: If you'll excuse my bluntness,
dialog: sir, you can't go halfway on this
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Don't ever -- ever -- tell me
dialog: what I have to do.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: TSHOMBE CAMPSITE —- DUSK
text: Dr. Raswani gives a shot to the American Mercenary, who
text: looks terminal.
speaker_heading: DR. RASWANI
dialog: This will help the pain.
text: The Male Nurse rushes up.
speaker_heading: MALE NURSE
dialog: They're coming.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN MERCENARY
dialog: I knew... they'd come back... I
dialog: knew. Help me up. Help me --
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: RASWANI
text: ThE Male Nurse, and dozens of soldiers rush across the
text: forest to the makeshift runway beside the camp. In the
text: distance a camouflaged DC-3 is rapidly approaching.
scene_heading: INT. DC-3
text: The PILOT, no more than 21, sees the soldiers celebrating
text: their arrival down on the runway. His hand is on the
text: green bomb release lever.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: I can't.
text: McClintock is in the copilot's seat.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: It's either them or us.
text: He puts his hand on the green release lever. Hesitates.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: You can't either.
speaker_heading: ON GROUND
text: Dr. Raswani and the soldiers stare at the plane, coming
text: in too high for a landing.
speaker_heading: INSIDE PLANE
text: McClintock squeezes the green lever.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The bomb cannisters under the wing open up, releasing a
text: thick cloud of yellow cyanide gas.
speaker_heading: ON GROUND
text: Screams of agony rip out as Raswani and the soldiers
text: convulse and die.
text: The plane shoots over the treetops, spraying the ground
text: below like a crop duster.
text: Then the plane arcs and approaches again.
speaker_heading: OVER RUNWAY
text: littered with the dead, the plane releases a waxy grey
text: cloud. One second. Two seconds. An eerie stillness.
text: The CLOUD EXPLODES in a huge inferno.
text: The plane releases more and more napalm, burning the
text: jungle for miles.
text: The CRIES of ANIMALS caught in the fire pierce the night.
text: Flames shoot up trees a hundred feet high.
text: PULL BACK to show the whole forest ablaze. A long beat,
text: then at the very LEFT CORNER OF the FRAME, a MONKEY with
text: a black and white coat (a Colobos monkey) emerges from
text: the fire, looks back at its mate, threatened by the
text: flames. The Colobos jumps up and down, baring its teeth,
text: SCREAMING. The fire moves relentlessly forward. The
text: monkeys dart to safety.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: MOTABA RIVER VALLEY - NEXT MORNING
text: A metal syringe burned to a molten shard lies beside a
text: mortar launcher, twisted and deformed like some bizarre
text: modern sculpture. PULL BACK to reveal acre after acre,
text: mile after mile of nothing but ashes and carcasses of
text: burnt-out trees. Not a single living thing remains.
text: FADE OUT and ROLL CREDITS.
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
speaker_heading: TREETOPS
text: A wind rippling through treetops.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: "THE MOTABA RIVER VALLEY, AUGUST
dialog: 12, 1994."
scene_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
scene_heading: ABOVE RAINFOREST
text: Brilliant streams of orange and purple, the last rays of
text: the setting sun, dance across the sky and penetrate the
text: vapor cloud above the rain forest. Unworldly silence.
dialog: Shattered by:
text: Giant TREES CRASHING to the ground. TRACTORS ROAR,
text: CHAINSAWS REV with a penetrating whine. Huge trees
text: living undisturbed for hundreds of years topple to earth,
text: their roots ripped from the soil.
text: REVEAL the army of construction workers clearing a path
dialog: for the new road linking Kinshasa with Bangui. White
text: foremen bellow orders in French at their black workers,
dialog: including:
text: MORAZU: a seven-foot tall Goliath with mischievous eyes.
text: He PUNCHES on his CHAIN SAW and RIPS into another tree.
text: A cloud of wood dust envelops him.
scene_heading: OVERHEAD - ZAIREAN ARMY HELICOPTERS
text: ROAR by overhead, their machine gunners searching for
text: guerilla activity.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - TWO COLOBOS MONKEYS
dialog: a mother and her daughter, whom we'll know as Betsy.
text: Betsy plays with a fat, round jackfruit, kicking it and
text: rolling it every which way. Her mother watches the
text: construction workers warily.
text: Morazu hums as he pulls a huge tree limb off the road and
text: into a thick patch of brush where he comes face to face
text: with Betsy. Morazu smiles. He takes a long piece of
text: sweetened bread from his pocket and lays it down right in
text: front of the young monkey.
text: Betsy eyes it warily.
speaker_heading: MORAZU
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Take it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A long beat. Betsy takes the bread, examines it careful-
text: ly, finally takes a bite.
text: Morazu grabs her. BETSY struggles, thrashing and SCREAM-
text: ING. Morazu pins her hands behind her back. She spins
text: around and sinks her teeth into his finger.
text: He lets go with a shriek and swears at Betsy, who disap-
text: pears with the bread.
text: STAY WITH Morazu as he returns to his work. He sucks the
text: blood out of the small wound.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOTABA RIVA VALLEY (AUGUST 15)
text: Morazu gets off a bus by a small muddy river and walks
text: slowly toward his village of about fifty mud-thatched
text: huts. Pain in his back makes him wince. We see him UP
text: CLOSE: his eyes are red and his skin is pale. He's
dialog: sweating.
text: He stops at the village well and takes a drink. Other
text: villagers come up to say hello, and Morazu greets them
text: wearily, dipping his cup back in the water for another
text: drink. The villagers drink too.
text: DISCOVER in the background: the tribal medicine man, the
text: "ju-ju man." Streaks and circles of paint cover his
text: skin. He watches the excitement surrounding Morazu's
dialog: return.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: RAIN FOREST - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: A small group of Colobos monkeys including Betsy and her
text: mother run swiftly through the forest. Suddenly, BETSY
text: CRIES OUT. Her foot is snagged in a trap. Before her
text: mother can respond, she's pulled high into the air into a
text: bamboo cage. The DOOR SNAPS SHUT. BETSY SCREAMS in fear
dialog: and pain, hanging upside down --
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: SAME - FOLLOWING MORNING
text: The Colobos monkeys scatter as VOICES APPROACH, REVEALING
text: two TRIBESMEN pulling a small wagon. The men chatter as
text: they lower the cage holding Betsy onto the cart.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: FADE UP LUCIANO PAVAROTTI singing a love song from
dialog: “La Boheme" and...
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HUMAN SKULL
text: wearing Porsche sunglasses and an Army Colonel's hat.
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: "Frederick, Maryland, August 19."
scene_heading: INT. GILLESPIE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: FADE UP the VOICE of a MAN SINGING along with the GREAT
text: TENOR. CONTINUE PANNING OVER the room: the skull gives
text: way to a full skeleton wearing a star-spangled red-white-
text: and-blue bow-tie and carrying an umbrella over its fore-
text: arm. CONTINUE PAST the oak rolltop desk.
text: MIKE GILLESPIE, about 40, keeps singing as he reads
text: through a lengthy typed report, making notes in the
dialog: margin.
text: LUCIANO hits a high C. Gillespie reaches for it... and
text: misses badly. DOGS WHINE O.S., probably in closer
text: harmony to Luciano than Gillespie. He's not pleased.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I rescue you from certain death
dialog: and instead of gratitude, you mock
dialog: me.
text: His two WOLFHOUNDS, Olser and Harvey, GROVEL on the floor
text: contritely, each with a worn shoe in his mouth. Behind
text: them we see the rest of Gillespie's living/dining room.
text: His townhouse is spartan; it needs a woman's touch. Un-
text: packed boxes stand in the corner beside a treadmill.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: That can't go unpunished. No
dialog: Letterman for three nights.
text: The dogs wag the running shoes.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: OLD CREEK PARK (FREDERICK, MARYLAND) - NIGHT
text: Gillespie, puffing, a weekend runner, strains to keep up
text: with the DOGS. They BARK excitedly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (reaching into his
dialog: pockets)
dialog: Okay! Okay!
text: Without breaking stride, he throws what look like sticks
text: high into the air. The dogs jump and catch the objects in
text: their mouths and race back to Gillipsie.
text: We see they're old stethoscopes with thick rubber tubing.
text: Gillespie lets them fly again. He laughs at their eager-
text: ness and keeps running, sprinting now, trying to prove to
text: himself that he's still young. Suddenly -- a PHONE RINGS.
text: Without breaking stride, he pulls a cellular phone from
dialog: his pocket:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Dr. Gillespie... How many dead?...
scene_heading: INT. BILLY FORD'S OFFICE (FORT DETRICK, MARYLAND)
text: Gillespie's boss, GENERAL BILLY FORD, MD, is a heavy-set
text: man in his early 60's with thinning hair, piercing, in-
text: telligent grey eyes and a warm smile. Scattered all
text: around his office are cages filled with frogs and rep-
text: tiles. As he talks on the phone, he's feeding a green-
text: horned toad some dead flies.
speaker_heading: FORD
text: Almost an entire village.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: FORD WITH GILLESPIE
text: still running.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Is is Lassa Fever? Ebola? What?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: How the hell do I know? I'm the
dialog: bureaucrat, you're the detective,
dialog: remember? All I know is State
dialog: wants us to lend a hand and when
dialog: the Secretary talks, I listen.
dialog: And when I talk, you listen.
dialog: You're Code Red. The plane's
text: leaving at 01:30.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Gillespie hangs up, out of breath... excited.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GILLESPIE'S OLD BMW - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Gillespie and the dogs pull into the driveway of a comfor-
text: table two story colonial home, passing a "For Sale" sign
text: on the front lawn pasted with a "Sold" sticker.
scene_heading: EXT. COLONIAL HOME
text: Gillespie knocks. The DOGS BARK excitedly.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Who is it?
text: The dogs recognize the voice and jump against the door.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Mike.
text: ROBERTA "ROBBY" KEOUGH, an attractive, intelligent woman
text: in her mid 30's, opens the door a few inches, until the
text: latch LOCK CHAIN SNAPS tight. The dogs try to push
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (smiles; delighted)
dialog: Hey, guys!
text: But when she looks at Gillespie, she's guarded.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Robby, I know I'm the last guy
dialog: you'd do a favor for, but I've got
dialog: no one else to ask.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: My lawyer said not to talk to you
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Then just listen. I gotta go to
dialog: Zaire.
text: Robby shakes her head, "No, no way."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Put 'em in a kennel.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: So they can die of some weird
dialog: disease like Stripes did?
text: She mouths the word "no."
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -- Look, Robby, if I had any other
dialog: choice, I wouldn't be here.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: You should've let me have them.
dialog: You can't take care of them.
text: Beat. Robby's torn. The dogs nuzzle against her leg.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I won't be gone long.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: You know I'm moving to Atlanta --
dialog: they want me to start in four days.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I'll be back before that.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Four days is four weeks -- to you.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: It wasn't all my fault, Robby.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I know.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I'll look after them on one
dialog: condition: if you're not back in
dialog: four days, they're mine.
dialog: Gillespie doesn't like it.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: In writing.
text: She unlatches the door and moves inside. The dogs race
text: after her. Gillespie enters...
speaker_heading: FRONT HALL
text: overflowing with moving boxes, some sealed, others waiting
text: to be packed. Gillespie feels awkward, a stranger in his
dialog: own home.
text: She hands him a prescription pad. He crosses off her
text: nameplate, "Roberta Keough, MD," and starts writing
text: while Robby enters...
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Hey, guys, c'mon!
text: They follow her in.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Guess what I got?
text: The DOGS BARK excitedly.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Damn straight!
text: She opens the freezer, grabs a couple of frozen bagels and
text: flips them to the DOGS. They catch the bagels and start
speaker_heading: CHOMPING.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I missed you guys so much.
text: Gillespie hands her the note.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (reading it)
dialog: 'I, Michael Gillespie, agree that
dialog: if I'm not back in exactly four
dialog: days from now, the ownership of my
dialog: dogs, Osler and Harvey, will go
dialog: to Roberta Keough.'
dialog: (handing it back)
dialog: Time and date it.
text: He does. She points to a huge box on the kitchen
dialog: table:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: That's stuff from med school...
dialog: Some of it's yours. I don't know
dialog: if you want any of it.
text: He fishes through it, shoving aside old medical books
text: and equipment. He finds an old wood stethoscope with
text: thick rubber tubing. He shoves in into his pocket.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Got a place yet?
speaker_heading: ROBBY
text: An apartment.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: The first thing you'll do is spend
dialog: the whole night unpacking...
dialog: You'll stay up 'til dawn but
dialog: you'll get everything in its
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Probably.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Nothin' in my life has been
dialog: organized since you left, Robby.
text: Beat. She's surprised at his admission. And un-
text: comfortable. So's he. He continues searching through
text: the box and pulls out...
text: A photo taken during their honeymoon cruise: they're
text: both smiling radiantly as they hold between them a
text: trophy of a dancing couple.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Y'know, this is the only evidence
dialog: on Earth that I was ever graceful.
text: He checks her reaction. There is a hint of a smile.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Take it.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Nah, people might see it... get
dialog: the wrong impression.
text: He drops the photo back in the box and moves toward
text: the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Four days.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Or less.
text: As we hear the front DOOR OPEN and SHUT, HOLD ON
text: Robby: a hint of regret.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: ANDREWS AIR BASE, MARYLAND
text: COMPUTER KEYS POUNDING: "Andrews Air Base, Maryland."
text: Flood lights illuminate a huge C5A transport plane
text: waiting on the runway, its nose cocked open exposing
text: its innards to the pouring rain. Several enlisted
text: men rapidly wheel equipment into the open hatch. A
text: private pushes a dolly loaded with boxes with the red
text: cross emblem up the ramp.
text: DR. ISAAC "IZZY" BERMAN, a short, bald Army Major in
text: his late 30's directs traffic.
speaker_heading: IZZY
text: Blood in the freezer over the
dialog: right wing. C'mon! Gut it!
dialog: We're late.
text: The private grunts and pushes the dolly slowly up the
text: ramp. Izzy lends a hand, and the two of them run it up
dialog: the ramp.
text: Mike Gillespie, dressed in a uniform, climbs down from
text: the cockpit. Now we see his rank: Colonel.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Where the hell's Yaffe?
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: His wife... she's due tomorrow.
dialog: I put him on leave.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: We need him now! Who's going to
dialog: read the electron micrographs?
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You can't even read a Playboy
text: pinup.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: He said he'd get a guy to fill in.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: We can't wait.
text: A Jeep drives across the tarmac, toward them and comes
dialog: to a park
text: a short distance away. The Driver scurries
text: out to open the passenger door to let --
text: General Ford get out.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: What does he want?
text: The driver pulls two suitcases out of the Jeep and
text: follows Ford into the plane.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm comin' along, Mike.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Sir, we're going into very
dialog: dangerous territory.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm well aware of the dangers.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Beggin' your pardon, General, I
dialog: don't think you are. You've had
dialog: only the most cursory training
dialog: on how to avoid contamination.
dialog: Concerns for your safety would
dialog: distract us.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Nothing distracts you, Colonel.
dialog: You won't even know I'm there.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Sir, I'm not comfortable --
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Mike, have a little compassion for
text: an old man who's been rotting
text: behind a desk.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: For once I'd like to be there
text: when one of these buggers hits.
dialog: You're not going to tell me I
dialog: can't go, Colonel, are you?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Good. I feel wanted, now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I get airsick in the back. I'll
dialog: be up with the pilot.
text: As they watch him move forward and out of sight:
dialog: Gillespie
dialog: Gillespie
dialog: Gillespie
scene_heading: INT. COCKP
dialog: The Pilot,
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: The guy wouldn't know a virus from
dialog: a Barbie Doll. I'm not lookin'
dialog: after him. He's yours.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: IZZY
text: All of a sudden, playing golf and
dialog: pushin' papers isn't good enough.
dialog: Damn, when I'm his age, that's all
dialog: I'm gonna want to do.
text: flips a coin, covers it over his wrist.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Heads. No! Tails.
text: lifts his hand and smiles.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Fuck!
text: grabs the phone to the cockpit.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Rafferty, rock and roll with this bird.
dialog: It
text: CAPTAIN RAFFERTY, checks General Ford,
text: nestled in safely behind him.
speaker_heading: RAFFERTY
dialog: (into headmike)
dialog: T minus sixty seconds.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: DOWN BELOW
text: Gillespie pulls a lever and the hatch starts to close.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Wait!
text: Mike follows his eyes out to the --
speaker_heading: TARMAC
text: where a BLACK MAN carrying a duffel bag is sprinting
text: toward them at incredible speed, like a ghost through
text: the pelting rain.
text: Berman swings the lever down and the hatch starts to
text: open but the Man doesn't wait for it to lower
text: completely. Without breaking stride, he leaps the
text: four feet onto the plane and slides to a stop right
text: in front of Gillespie. He steadies himself and
dialog: salutes:
speaker_heading: SALT (BLACK MAN)
dialog: Captain Walter Salt reporting, sir.
text: Izzy smiles. He looks at Gillespie, who is impressed
dialog: but won't show it.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: I'm sorry to be late, sir. I was
dialog: wrapping up some tests in my lab --
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -- Strap in.
text: The huge JET ENGINES come to life. Gillespie, Berman,
text: and Salt strap themselves into the row of jump seats
text: along the fuselage.
text: Issy is filled with the excitement of a young kid who
dialog: can't believe his luck:
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: You're not the football player
dialog: from West Point, that Salt?
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: The same, sir.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: I thought you had the Heisman
dialog: sewed up 'til you hurt your knee.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: The plane
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: You and my mother, Major... I was
dialog: never that good. But thank you
dialog: for saying so, sir.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Don't call me sir. The only one
dialog: who does that is the Colonel here.
dialog: Everyone else calls me Izzy.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Izzy, sir?
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: My mother calls me Isaac, but I
dialog: hate it. I pitched for my high
dialog: school team. My dad thought I
dialog: was gonna be another Dizzy Dean.
dialog: So he called me 'Izzy.'
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Yes, sir, Izzy, sir.
text: surges forward and taxis down the runway.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I want to know just one thing.
dialog: Can you read electron micrographs
dialog: as well as you can run?
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: I'm not sure how to assess the
dialog: question --
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: -- Just say ‘yes, sir,' Captain.
dialog: Whatever the Colonel asks, you
dialog: just say ‘yes, sir.' That's how
dialog: we keep him under control.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Have you ever seen filovirus
dialog: infection in a human being?
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: It's about as pretty as goin'
text: naked up the middle against the
dialog: Dallas Cowboys.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: 19.
dialog: I grew up on the South Side of
dialog: Chicago, sir. Whatever it i
dialog: I can handle it.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Ss,
dialog: I hope so, because if you can't,
dialog: you'll make a mistake. You'
dialog: be holding a needle and it'l
dialog: il
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: slip. Or your glove will have
dialog: a crack in it and you won't notice.
dialog: You work with filoviruses, it's
dialog: like working with plutonium.
dialog: A
dialog: single drop of blood can hold
dialog: six billion... That's more
dialog: filoviruses than there are people
dialog: in the world. You get a sin
dialog: one of those inside you, you
dialog: infected. Say you're lucky
dialog: it's one of the few filoviru
dialog: we have antiserum for. Then
dialog: gle
dialog: ‘re
dialog: and
dialog: ses
dialog: we
dialog: can treat you and you'll probably
dialog: live. But say you're unlucky.
dialog: And you get one of those
dialog: filoviruses we don't have an
dialog: antiserum for, which is most
dialog: of
dialog: them. There's no medicine, no
dialog: cure, nothing we can do to help
dialog: you. Your body gets so hot,
dialog: liver, your kidney, all your
dialog: vital organs melt, and your
text: turns into tapioca pudding.
text: Stunned silence.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: He means chocolate pudding.
text: Salt smiles slowly. He likes Izzy.
text: The WHEELS come up with a THUMP. The
text: and rattles and soars into the air.
scene_heading: TWO U.S. ARMY HUEY HELICOPTERS - DAY
text: flying low over the rain forest. The
dialog: Gillespie and his crew, the second is
text: escort. They pass over the wide Motab
dialog: snakes for miles.
dialog: your
dialog: skin
text: giant jet shakes
scene_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
dialog: first carries
text: a gunship flying
dialog: a River that
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: On the river: a Zairean Army patrol boat cruises down-
text: stream, looking for guerrillas. The machine gunner
text: swivels his cannon around at the two choppers.
text: The machine gunner looks up at the U.S. Army insignia
dialog: and waves.
scene_heading: INT. BACK OF CHOPPER
text: Izzy slips the clear helmet over General Ford's head.
dialog: PULL BACK to reveal:
text: The General covered from head to toe in BL-4 bio-
text: safety suit. Salt, dressed the same, looks on, amused.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (panicking)
dialog: How do you breath in here?
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: (laughs)
text: With a respirator. Positive
dialog: pressure's what you want. Keep
text: those buggers out.
text: Izzy flips the switch on Ford's respirator, which sucks
text: air out of the atmosphere, filters it, and pumps it
text: into the suit. Ford starts to swell up like the
text: Pillsbury doughboy.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: And I thought it was a hassle
dialog: wearin' a tie all day.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT OF CHOPPER - A LITTLE LATER
text: Gillespie, now suited up in full biosafety gear, but
text: holding his helmet in his hands, sits beside the
text: CHOPPER PILOT. In the distance, we see a village in
text: which numerous huts are burning.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: We got a lot of equipment.
dialog: You're gonna have to get us in
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: I... I don't want to get no
dialog: disease, sir.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Then don't kiss me, Sergeant.
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CHOPPERS
text: throwing up a storm of dust as they sweep down to the
text: ground on the perimeter of the village.
scene_heading: INT. CHOPPER
text: Gillespie, Salt, Berman and Ford stand by the door,
text: ready to get out as soon as the chopper puts down.
text: Gillespie has to shout at Salt over the sound of the
scene_heading: WHIRLING CHOPPER BLADES:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Captain Salt, if you fail to
dialog: observe strict decontamination
dialog: protocol, three things can happen.
dialog: First, you can be court-martialed.
dialog: Second, you can die from this
dialog: horrible disease. Third, and
dialog: worst of all, you can incur my
dialog: displeasure. You got it?
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: If one of us gets sick, we all get
dialog: sick.
dialog: (turns to Ford)
dialog: And I didn't come here to die.
scene_heading: BURNING HUTS - WIDE ANGLE SHOT
text: juxtaposed against the U.S. Army choppers disgorging
dialog: the U.S. Army Infectious Disease Team -- blue space-
text: suited figures with the U.S. flag emblazoned on their
text: arms and helmets.
text: The ju-ju man remains high on the cliff above the
text: village, chanting and wailing, burning an offering to
dialog: the gods.
text: The U.S. Army Team approaches the village through the
text: smoky haze, and we see --
text: Two different worlds juxtaposed -- men in spacesuits
text: and a man in a loincloth.
text: Gillespie, followed by Berman, Salt and Ford, moves
text: across the village which now looks devastated and
text: deserted except for a few remaining huts and a small
text: cinder block building with an old Volkswagen van,
text: marked with a red cross, parked out front.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ford walks slower taking everything in, appalled at
text: what he sees.
text: The U.S. Army team enters the cinder block hut.
scene_heading: INT. CINDER BLOCK HUT
text: A short, slender, bespectacled black man in his late
text: forties -- DR. IWABI -- head of the Zaire Infectious
dialog: Disease Heath Agency -- and his NURSE, protected only
text: by a smock, a surgical mask, and gloves, gives comfort
text: to a young woman who's dying.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Doctor Iwabi? I brought blood,
dialog: plasma --
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
dialog: -- You're too late.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I came as soon as I could.
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
dialog: It wouldn't have mattered when you
dialog: came. This one is different --
dialog: worse than Lassa, worse even than
text: Ebola. It strikes and kills so
dialog: fast. The young, the healthy,
dialog: everybody.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Who was the index case?
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
text: A road construction worker.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: How did he get it?
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
dialog: We don't know. He died three days
dialog: ago.
text: Salt moves ahead to the next bed and pulls aside the
text: thin mosquito curtain to inspect the patient. Ford
text: is right behind him.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: God...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The corpse's eyes are yellow and his flesh, speckled
text: with hemmorrhages, looks like pulp. Blood oozes from
text: his nose and his nipples. Ford turns away in horror.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: (retches)
dialog: I'm gonna be sick.
text: He starts to rip off his mask. Gillespie grabs his
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Keep you helmet on, Goddamit!
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: I can't breath.
text: Salt vomits in his helmet. Rips it off. He rushes
text: out. Izzy moves after him.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Put him in quarantine. Now!
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
dialog: You don't need to.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
text: It's not spread in the air.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
dialog: (pulls down his mask)
dialog: There's no cough. Or we'd all be
dialog: dead. For days we've been working
dialog: with only these masks. They can't
dialog: keep out a particle as small as a
dialog: virus.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Could any infected person have
dialog: gotten out of this village and
dialog: spread it?
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
dialog: The incubation period is only one
dialog: or two days. The mortality is one
dialog: hundred percent.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI (CONT'D)
dialog: If anyone got out, they are dead,
dialog: or will be soon. And if they have
dialog: spread the disease, we will know
dialog: rather quickly.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Finding the host is the only way
dialog: to control the spread. Our only
dialog: hope is that this is like most
dialog: viruses and that it has to live in
dialog: a host, an animal, to which it's
dialog: adapted over thousands of years.
dialog: And that animal host has developed
dialog: antibodies to protect itself
dialog: against the virus. If we can
dialog: identify that animal host, and
dialog: harvest its antibodies, we can use
dialog: them to fight the disease in
dialog: humans.
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
dialog: There are a hundred thousand
dialog: species of animals and insects in
dialog: this rain forest. The
dialog: construction worker could have
dialog: been in contact with any one of
dialog: them. Where do I start?
speaker_heading: GILLEPSIE
dialog: General, tell him that our
dialog: government will help with money,
dialog: personnel supplies, whatever it
dialog: takes.
text: Ford hesitates.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Of course, we'll do whatever we
dialog: can.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OVER MOTABA RIVER VALLEY - DAWN
text: In a SINGLE-FRAMED TIME LAPSE SHOT, dawn arrives in the
text: Motaba Valley. FADE UP the hundreds of sounds of the
text: rain forest ANIMALS. There is something primeval about
dialog: this vista; this surely must be what the Garden of Eden
dialog: looked like, except for the...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Plumes of black smoke which waft up from the blackened,
text: smoldering huts, each one the home of someone who has now
dialog: died from this terrible virus.
text: Two African orderlies carry a stretcher bearing the dead
text: body of a villager. They slide it onto a funeral pyre
text: already burning with bodies.
text: Gillespie, Ford and Dr. Iwabi make their way to the
text: choppers where Berman and Salt are loading into the hold
text: plexiglass cases of blood samples.
scene_heading: ON CLIFF OVERHEAD
text: The ju-ju man chants. He seems to float above the
text: funeral pyre like a mirage.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: What's he saying?
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
dialog: He's asking for forgiveness from
dialog: the Gods of the forest. They're
dialog: angry because they've been awoken
dialog: from their sleep by the men
dialog: building the road. These deaths
dialog: are their punishment.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Why isn't he sick?
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
dialog: He stayed in his cave all week and
dialog: greeted his visitors with poison
dialog: darts.
speaker_heading: GILLEPSIE
dialog: (a sense of
dialog: foreboding)
dialog: It was as if... as if he knew what
dialog: was coming.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. C5A COCKPIT
text: Heading home. Ford reads a hand-written paper Gillespie's
text: just handed him and gets irate.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Gillespie'
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: A memo to the CDC to issue a
dialog: warning to every physician in the
dialog: United States to be on the
dialog: look-out for this disease? What
dialog: the hell is this?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: A safeguard, sir.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Are you nuts? Within a week we'll
dialog: know if this thing burned itself
dialog: out in that village, just like
dialog: Iwabi said --
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -- And if Iwabi's wrong? American
dialog: doctors should be warned so cases
dialog: can be quarantined. Sir, this one
dialog: is different --
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: -- You're a smart guy, Gillespie,
dialog: but you can't write a memo to the
text: CDC which says the sky is falling.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: We should do nothing?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Did I say that, Colonel?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We will monitor the situation in
dialog: Africa, and if this virus
dialog: reappears, we will act with all
dialog: our resources, not just to protect
dialog: the American people but the people
dialog: of the world. You will destroy
dialog: this memo. That's an order.
dialog: s frustrated.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: NATIONAL AIRPORT (WASHINGTON) - DELTA GATE - DAY
text: Robby is moving forward in the boarding line, and Mike is
dialog: walking be
dialog: side her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: You asked for four days and four
dialog: days it was... last night.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: It was a bad virus... Cut me some
dialog: slack.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I cut you ten years of slack. I'm
dialog: not giving you the dogs.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Stop joking. Where are they?
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I shipped them this morning.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You did not.
text: ON her face: a triumphant smile.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: It's better for them. And for
dialog: you. I'll be there to feed them
dialog: and take care of them. You won't
dialog: have to feel guilty.
text: She moves past the gate. Gillespie's stuck behind it.
text: Screaming after her:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I'm coming to Atlanta... I'm
dialog: takin' ‘em back.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Dream on.
text: HOLD ON Gillespie's dismay as she disappears.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CORRIDOR OF M.I.D.U.
text: Mike walking briskly down the main corridor. Two M-16
text: toting security guards salute as he passes by. He
text: reaches six-inch thick metal doors, closed tight. He
text: slides his ID card into the optical reader.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The computer screen above it prints out the words,
text: "Colonel Michael Gillespie." A digitized voice booms
text: from the WALL SPEAKER:
speaker_heading: WALL SPEAKER (V.O.)
dialog: How-are-you-today-Doctor-Gillespie?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Piss ass good. And you?
scene_heading: ON COMPUTER SCREEN
text: We see Gillespie's voice print.
text: The doors spring open.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: Gillespie going up in the elevator past the four floors of
text: glassed-in laboratories. At the first level, workers wear
text: civilian clothes. At the second level, they wear respir-
text: ators. At the third level, they wear body suits, and at
text: the fourth level they wear biosafety suits.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. M.I.D.U. - SMALL LOCKER ROOM OUTSIDE BL-4 LABS -
scene_heading: STEADI-CAM SHOT
text: Mike and Izzy strip off their clothes.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Admit it, for chrissakes: The dogs
dialog: will get better care with her than
dialog: they got with you.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: That really cheers me up.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: You think cause we're friends I
dialog: should ignore reality.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I think cause we're friends you
dialog: might show some tact.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: You were gone so often that when
dialog: you were home... you spoiled ‘em.
text: Robby keeps an even keel.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Hey, she's available...
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Don't think I haven't thought
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You're just what she's looking
dialog: for. Mr. Stability. Three wives
dialog: in five years.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Two. I never married Sherry. I
dialog: liked her too much...
text: Izzy pulls a red air hose down from the ceiling and in-
text: flates his space suit before he puts it on; this is stan-
text: dard safety procedure. Mike steps right into his suit.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: You forgot to test your suit.
dialog: Look! It's torn.
text: There is a small tear on the left leg of Gillespie's suit.
text: They both realize Gillespie's mistake could have cost him
dialog: his life.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: (beams )
dialog: If I let you die, who've I got to
dialog: rag on?
text: FADE UP the sound of furiously RUSHING AIR, then:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FT. DETRICK MILITARY INFECTUOUS DISEASE UNIT
scene_heading: (M.I.D.U.) - BL-4 LAB - AIR LOCK
text: Gillespie and Berman, dressed in their BL-3 suits, stand
text: in the air lock.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: There's no sound other than the FILTERED AIR RUSHING from
text: a WALL JET into the long red tubing attached to the back
text: of their helmets. These red tubes are called umbilical
text: cords. Gillespie disconnects his, punches the wall plate
dialog: and enters...
scene_heading: MAIN ROOM OF LAB
text: Quickly he connects to another umbilical cord; they hang
text: from the ceiling at ten foot intervals.
text: PAVAROTTI and SUTHERLAND singing the duet from "Lucia de
text: Lamamoore" BLASTS from the SPEAKERS. Whenever
text: Gillespie's in the lab, he's listening to opera. He
text: approaches...
text: The space-suited figure working under the hood. The
text: figure turns and smiles; it's Salt. Gillespie's
text: surprised. Salt salutes.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Good afternoon, Colonel, sir.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I thought you were doing your
dialog: thesis at Walter Reede.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: A lot's been published on Herpes B
dialog: but nothing on this new virus.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: So you were hoping to change
dialog: subjects and get your name on my
dialog: research papers?
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Our research papers.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: I would do my share of the work,
dialog: sir. More.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: And you wouldn't have to worry
dialog: about anybody publishing the same
dialog: thing cause there ain't nobody
dialog: else crazy enough to work with
dialog: this dangerous a virus.
text: Salt hesitates, then beams.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Yes, sir! Have you given the
dialog: virus a name, sir?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Motaba... after the valley where
dialog: we found it.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: I like it, sir.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Like it? Listen to the way it
dialog: rolls off your tongue. Mo-ta-ba.
text: Like a perfume.
text: He lifts up a vial labeled MOTABA and puts it close to
text: his body as if he's putting on perfume.
text: Salt watches with horror. In spite of their BL-4 suits,
dialog: you just don't play with these things. Salt checks
text: Gillespie, expecting the same reaction, but...
text: Gillespie's enjoying the moment. He expects these things
dialog: from Berman.
text: Izzy rubs the vial against his chest, savoring the
dialog: experience.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: One drop and you feel... so
dialog: different... Your lover will never
dialog: recognize you again.
dialog: (shoving the vial
dialog: at Salt)
dialog: Have some, Captain.
text: Izzy tosses the vial of Motaba to Wally, who, terrified,
text: doesn't know whether to catch it or not. But he does.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Good hands... That's important for
dialog: working with level 4 viruses.
text: Salt, trembling, notes that the vial is made of plastic.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: This plastic is unbreakable,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: So far.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A short, husky SPACE-SUITED FIGURE pushing a cart of test-
text: tubes round the corner. The name Owigatsuyama is embla-
text: zoned above his breast, Sergeant Major stripes on his arm.
text: THROUGH his visor we see the face of a Japanese-American
dialog: man in his early 60's with a warm friendly grin. We'll
dialog: know him as Owi.
speaker_heading: OWI (SPACE-SUITED FIGURE)
dialog: (saluting Gillespie)
dialog: Sir.
dialog: (gesturing to Salt)
text: He's here early. No coffee breaks.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Should we let this guy horn in on
dialog: our new virus, Owi?
text: Owi hesitates.
dialog: Owl
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Well, that's that.
text: Salt nervously eyes Izzy: "Is this a joke?"
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Captain, Sergeant Owigatsuyama
dialog: here not only looks after
dialog: everything in this lab, but since
dialog: he knows the birthday of every
dialog: great tenor and soprano who ever
text: lived, Dr. Gillespie looks to him
dialog: for supreme guidance on all
dialog: matters.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Just a minute! I could've changed
dialog: the radio to jazz. I love jazz.
dialog: But I didn't. Whaddya haveta do
dialog: to get on here?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Get me a blood test for the Motaba
dialog: Virus.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: With a PCR catalyst I should be
dialog: able to have a crude -- and I
dialog: underscore crude -- screening test
dialog: in a few weeks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Excellent. But nobody's asking
dialog: you to work a hundred and fifty
dialog: hours a week...
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: A hundred and twenty will be
dialog: plenty.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Welcome aboard, Captain.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Ford feeds flies to the Gila Monster. He looks out the
text: office window at the BL-4 lab where Salt is working late.
text: Ford moves on to the frog cages and feeds them too. He
text: looks back at the BL-4 lab: sees Salt exiting. The
text: lights go out.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Ford watches the bank of video monitors behind his desk:
text: one shows Salt in the parking lot, getting into his old
text: Fiat and leaving.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. BL-4 LOCKER ROOM
text: Ford, naked, slips on his suit with the ease of Joe
text: Montana pulling on his helmet. He buckles the suit with-
text: out even looking, as if he's done it five thousand times.
text: FADE UP the sound of RUSHING AIR and...
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: GILLESPIE'S BL-4 LAB
text: Ford steps out of the air lock, disconnects his red hose
text: and reconnects. He moves quickly across the room. Sud-
text: denly, his air tube snags on the side of the lab bench.
text: Ford stops, freaked. Quickly checks his hose. Indented,
text: but not broken. He breathes again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FORD
text: The world is round, Gillespie.
dialog: Didn't anybody fucking teach you?
text: He grabs a metal file off the tool board and files down
text: the side of the bench until it's perfectly smooth and
text: round. Then moves on to...
text: One of the huge circular freezers in the center of the
text: lab. He punches in a seven-digit code on the keypad and
text: the LOCK SNAPS OPEN. He lifts the heavy lid. VAPOR
text: RUSHES OUT. He looks inside, sees the 65 aluminum test
text: tubes labeled "Motaba."
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: NEGATIVE PRESSURE HOOD - FORD - MINUTES LATER
text: opening one test tube after another, expertly withdrawing
text: from each only a tiny sample of the virus, then putting it
text: into a large test tube. Suddenly --
text: The air lock opens and three BL-4 figures approach Ford.
text: We recognize the tall lean figure although he's 35 years
text: older: McClintock, now a Lieutenant General. Ford hands
text: him the large test tube.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Tell the boys the Old Man wants
dialog: the answer tonight.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: McClintock places the test tube into a clear plexiglass
text: container which is contained within a large plexiglass
text: container, each with its own combination lock. He twirls
text: the tumblers. The LOCKS SNAP into place.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: GILA MONSTER
text: Its eyes darting back and forth, ever watchful, trusting
dialog: nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - FORD'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Ford leans on the bannister oblivious to the Gila Monster
text: beside him. He's depressed and worried. In the distant
text: sky,, traces of orange and pink announce the new day.
text: From inside the office, a BEEP. Ford rushes...
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE
text: to his computer terminal. A message ratchets across the
text: screen: "ANALYSIS FINISHED"
text: He punches a computer key and swivels around in his
text: chair to see the huge video screen on the wall. It shows
text: two viral structures that look like DNA double helices.
text: One is labelled "CD-40 1960 (Motaba Valley)"; the other
text: is labelled "Motaba Virus - Gillespie - 1994."
text: Letters flash across the screen.
text: Ford puts on his horn-rimmed glasses and stares at the
text: screen. He doesn't breathe. A long beat.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You fucker, why couldn't you stay
dialog: dead?
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: MOTABA RIVER VALLEY - DAY (AUGUST 24)
text: Deep in the rain forest, a trapper wheels a cage contain-
text: ing a baboon to a clearing where other trappers and
text: Government Health workers have lunch. Scattered around
text: them are cages filled with other animals they've caught
dialog: for Motaba Virus testing.
text: The DRONE of approaching PLANES builds. The animals hear
text: it first and grow restless. The Army troops guarding the
text: workers scan the sky but can't see the planes because of
text: the treetops. They scream into their walkie-talkies.
text: On the river, the Machine Gunner on the Army Patrol-Boat,
text: hears their reports and swivels his cannon around, scan-
text: ning the sky. But he can't see the planes either. The
text: DRONE becomes DEAFENING. Suddenly:
text: Over the treetops, three camouflage-painted DC-3 gunships
text: emerge, CANNONS FIRING right on target.
text: The Patrol Boat explodes into a shower of splinters.
text: The DC-3 Gunships turn and arc high into the sky.
text: On the ground the soldiers sight the planes. They OPEN
text: FIRE but the planes are out of range.
text: The ju-ju man comes out of his cave and watches the planes
text: circle back and release a waxy grey cloud.
text: The ju-ju Mmn raises his arms defiantly. He bares his
text: teeth and screams, and his cry fuses with:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 36.
text: EXPLODING NAPALM. The planes press on relentlessly,
text: extending the fireball mile after mile, extinguishing
dialog: all life.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE - SHORT TIME LATER
text: Gillespie bursts in. Ford looks up from his desk.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: The rebels hit Iwabi's camp.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I know.
text: He swivels around in his chair to the world map on
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: They hit Kisangani, Bukavu, and
dialog: Mbandaka as well. Three hundred
dialog: thousand acres of forest burned,
dialog: at least thirty-seven dead. I'm
text: trying to find out about Iwabi.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: He's all right, thank God. He was
text: in Kinshasha at his clinic but
text: his entire field staff was killed.
text: His whole lab destroyed.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Terrible.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I want to continue working on
dialog: Motaba, sir.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Look, as a scientist, I appreciate
dialog: the fact that this one fascinates
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -- It scares the shit out of me,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Colonel, the Pentagon's biting my
dialog: ass cause we're months behind on
dialog: the Anthrax studies. Get 'em
dialog: finished. Take the heat off me.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: the wall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: Then you can fiddle with Motaba
dialog: as much as you like.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Sir, if this virus came to
dialog: America --
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: -- Then it'd be outside our
dialog: mandate. The CDC takes care of
dialog: civilian problems. Christ, now
dialog: you've even got me buying into
dialog: your paranoia. We can't protect
dialog: everybody against everything.
dialog: We've got to make decisions based
dialog: on the odds, and the odds of
dialog: Motaba causing us any more trouble
dialog: are a billion to one.
scene_heading: INT. BL-4 LAB
text: Gillespie, Salt and Izzy search through the round freezer.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Every sample of Motaba gone...
dialog: Where the fuck did he put it?
text: Owi looks contrite.
dialog: Owl
dialog: General Ford ordered me to move
text: all tubes to the sealed vault in A
dialog: wing... Only he has access. He
dialog: said you weren't gonna need it
dialog: for months.
text: Gillespie and his men are despondent.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Those were the only samples in the
dialog: world of Motaba, Iwabi lost all
text: his in the fire.
dialog: (to Owi)
dialog: There's got to be a way to get
dialog: that access code from Ford's
dialog: computer.
dialog: Owl
dialog: Sir, I don't want any more
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: OWI (CONT'D)
dialog: It's bad enough that I already
dialog: made one mistake and forgot to
dialog: transfer one of the tubes of
dialog: Motaba. I seemed to have mixed
text: it up with a tube of common cold
dialog: virus. If I give you the tube,
dialog: I'm sure you'll fix my mistake,
dialog: sir.
text: He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a gleaming
text: aluminium test tube with the words "Motaba #48" written
text: on the side.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I love it when you make mistakes,
dialog: Owi.
dialog: Owl
dialog: How do you know? I never made
dialog: one before now.
text: Hold on their grins, FADE UP the sound of FURIOUSLY
scene_heading: RUSHING WIND and:
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC SEAS
text: A Dutch freighter plowing through the heavy seas.
text: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: "THE DUTCH FREIGHTER APELDORN.
dialog: AUGUST 29."
scene_heading: INT. FREIGHTER
text: In a cramped dark hold, Betsy stares sadly through the
text: bars of her cage at her captor, SEAMAN SECOND CLASS
text: DIETER JANS, 21-years-old and making his first trip.
speaker_heading: SEAMAN JANS
dialog: (in Dutch)
dialog: What's the matter, girl?
text: Dieter pushes a banana through the bar of the cage, and
text: Betsy snatches it. Then she retreats with it to the far
text: corner of the cage and studies Seaman Jans with plaintive
text: eyes. PULL BACK to show the ship headed for the Golden
dialog: Gate Bridge.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS (SAN FRANCISCO) - DAY
text: Betsy stares out from her cage as it swings down from
text: ship to wharf.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: BIOTEST ANIMAL HOLDING FACILITY (SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA)
text: We're in a long aisle with monkey cages stacked two high
text: on both sides. A translucent skylight gives this place
text: a greenhouse glow.
text: A forklift putters down the aisle with Betsy's cage in
text: front. Betsy's cage is lifted up and placed into a slot.
text: Betsy stands out from all the other monkeys because she
dialog: is the only black and white Colobos -- the other monkeys
text: are all brown rhesus.
text: Betsy's cage slides into place. BETSY SHRIEKS at the
text: man in the forklift.
text: JIMBO SCOTT, 23-years-young, long, scraggly hair, an
dialog: aspiring rock and roll drummer working here to make ends
text: meet. Jimbo's BEEPER SOUNDS. He checks the message,
text: then looks puzzled.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BIOTEST GUARD GATE - NIGHT
text: Jimbo's red Nissan pulls up to the exit lane of the guard
text: gate. The GUARD leans over.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Hey, Jimbo, I saw your band last
dialog: night. Hot! I didn't know you
dialog: were such a good drummer, man.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Wait'll I get my new traps. The
dialog: world'll never be the same.
text: The Guard raises the gate and Jimbo drives forward.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: SIDE OF DARK ROAD
text: Jimbo opens the trunk to reveal Betsy, drugged, asleep
text: in her cage. Jimbo slides Betsy's cage out of the trunk
text: and places it in the back seat.
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: INTERSTATE FIVE (OREGON) - DAY
text: Jimbo speeds along in his red Nissan.
scene_heading: INT. RED NISSAN
text: In her cage in the back seat, Betsy moves back and forth
text: restlessly, a baby bottle of water in her hand.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Cars put babies to sleep, why
dialog: not you?
text: Betsy takes a mouthful of water and spits it on Jimbo.
text: His reaction is instant rage. He slams the cage:
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: You stupid fucking monkey!
dialog: Why'dya wanna go and do that?
text: He shoves the cage further away. Then he sees it - a
text: small cut on his hand, caused by a couple of wire pro-
text: trusions on the cage. He rubs the blood off on his shirt.
text: The Nissan roars down the road.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - TISSUE CULTURE - THROUGH ELECTRON
speaker_heading: MICROSCOPE
text: A normal cell.
speaker_heading: SALT (0.S.)
text: A normal healthy liver cell.
text: The image changes.
speaker_heading: SALT (0.S.)
text: Infected cell.
text: The infected cell is swollen and filled with black brick-
dialog: like structures.
speaker_heading: SALT (0.S.)
text: Bricks of virus. They multiply
dialog: until...
text: The image changes: the bricks have completely overrun the
text: cell, shattering its outer membrane so that bricks run
text: rampant inside and outside the cell.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALT (0.S.)
text: They explode the cell and destroy
text: it. Then they move on to the next
dialog: healthy cell. And the next. 'Til
dialog: there's nothing left to kill.
scene_heading: INT. BL-4 LAB - M.I.D.U.
text: Gillespie, Berman, and Salt, dressed in their biosafety
text: suits, peer at the video monitor hooked up to the electron
text: microscope. Salt flicks a switch on the console to
text: change the magnification. The fuzzy brick-like structures
text: are computer enhanced and enlarged to razor-sharp crystal-
text: line structures that look like huge ominous steel balls
text: climbing up the sides of thick pillars.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: There's our guy, Mr. Motaba.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Ugly bastard, isn't he?
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: I wouldn't let him date my sister.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - MICROSCOPE FIELD
text: as the image comes INTO FOCUS we see a wavy purple out-
text: line of a cell.
speaker_heading: SALT (0.S.)
dialog: The blood test. Normal is this --
dialog: pure purple. But if you're
dialog: infected...
text: Focus changes and another image fills the screen: the
text: field is filled with wide patches of red circles.
text: Gillespie and Berman each peer into the scope.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: If you're red, you're dead. Is
dialog: that what you're telling me?
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: That's right, Colonel. The virus
text: doesn't know the Cold War is over.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALT (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But the rest is just a quickie; I
dialog: haven't had time to refine it.
dialog: There are false negatives, purples
dialog: that should be red. I don't know
dialog: why yet.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: How long to fix it?
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Hard to say.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Hey, don't pressure the kid! It
dialog: took the NIH guys eight months to
dialog: get the kinks outa the AIDS test...
dialog: And they didn't have to put up with
dialog: your nagging.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SMALL ANIMAL TESTING ROOM - TRAVELING SHOT
text: Gillespie, Berman and Salt moving rapidly through the
text: room within the BL-4 lab.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: This bug definitely ate its
dialog: Wheaties.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON FOURTEEN CAGES
dialog: each contains three or four different small mammals --
text: rats, guinea pigs, small lab mice, hamster, and rabbits.
text: All stone dead.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: It survives in air for twelve
dialog: hours, and it survives in water
dialog: for two hours.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Hey, this little bugger's so hardy
dialog: it can read the whole Sunday NY
dialog: Times and not die, it can run the
dialog: hundred in nine flat, and it can
dialog: kill fish faster than my cat.
dialog: Voila!
dialog: 43.
text: A fish tank with a dozen dead fish floating on top.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: No test species has survived, even
dialog: when I've treated them with all
dialog: antivirals, including every damn
dialog: antiserum. What's even worse is
dialog: there's a latency phase. Iwabi
dialog: didn't see this in Zaire, I don't
dialog: know why, but some of the animals
dialog: I've tested had the infection a
dialog: long time before they showed any
dialog: symptoms. They even tested
dialog: negative but had the disease. If
dialog: this is true of humans... why we
dialog: could have it ourselves and not
dialog: know it.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Yet be spreading it.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Holy shit.
scene_heading: INT. RUDY'S PET SHOP (BONNEVILLE, OREGON) - DAY
text: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: "BONNEVILLE, OREGON... FRIDAY,
dialog: AUGUST 31."
text: Jimbo slides a cage containing Betsy into a space beside
text: a cage containing a male brown RHESUS MONKEY.
text: the bars of his cage and HISSES.
dialog: He grabs
text: Betsy cowers.
text: RUDY ALVAREZ, the owner of the shop, slips on a pair of
text: gloves and opens the cage, reaches in for Betsy. She
text: tries to avoid his grasp.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: You got the papers and all?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Yeah, sure... I got the papers.
dialog: She's legal.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Whaddya mean 'she'?
text: Betsy takes advantage of the opening and bolts out of the
text: cage, heading for the window. As Rudy and Jimbo both
text: chase after her, Rudy is steaming.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I told you a male.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: You said 'she'.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Bullshit! I said 'he'. The
dialog: customer's already got a female
dialog: Colobos. He wants to breed ‘em.
text: Betsy slams against the glass. Rudy grabs her.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: C'mon, baby... c'mon.
text: She lashes out at his naked forearm, digging her nails
text: into him, drawing blood. He yelps and lets go, and she
text: runs away to the other side of the room, passing the
text: brown rhesus, who eyes a half-eaten banana in Betsy's
text: cage. He grabs it and scarfs it down.
text: Jimbo finally grabs Betsy from behind. Rudy grabs her
text: from the front and they thrust her back into her cage.
text: Rudy wipes the blood off his arm.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Get this bitch outa here.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: What about my money?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Go back and get me a male Colobos.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: We ain't got one. This was the
dialog: only Colobos we had... Look, I'll
dialog: sell her cheap.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I wouldn't take her for free.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT'D)
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: Brown Rhesus)
dialog: I can't even sell this one.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: (depressed)
dialog: Hey, I need some money now, man.
text: Rudy hesitates.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: I done you a lot of favors.
text: Rudy pulls out a billfold.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: All right... Fifty bucks for
dialog: your expenses. A lot more when
dialog: you bring me a male.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: What am I going to do with her?
text: Rudy shrugs.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: SMALL ROAD DEEP IN FOREST - LATER THAT DAY
text: Jimbo opens the cage which is sitting on the side of the
text: road by the Nissan, but Betsy shrinks back in a corner
text: of the cage. Jimbo feels sorry for her.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Look at all the trees. It's like
dialog: home.
text: Jimbo jabs her lightly with a drumstick. She runs out of
text: the cage but stops at the edge of the road, afraid of the
dialog: forest she doesn't know.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
text: (flicking pebbles
dialog: at her)
dialog: C'mon, get. Get!
text: She scampers off into the forest. Jimbo follows her
text: with his eyes, a little saddened.
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. 757 CABIN
text: Jimbo Scott is asleep against the window in the back
text: row of the plane.
speaker_heading: BILLY BOY (0.S.)
dialog: Bang, bang! You're dead.
text: Jimbo bolts up, and looks groggily at the four-year-
text: old boy standing on the next seat: he's dressed in
text: a cowboy's outfit with a huge sheriff's star pinned
text: to his chest. He sneezes right in Jimbo's face. His
text: mother puts down her Cosmo.
scene_heading: BILLY BOY'S MOTHER
dialog: Billy!? Say you're sorry.
dialog: (to Jimbo)
dialog: He's so excited; he's going to
dialog: see his cousins.
speaker_heading: BILLY BOY
dialog: My uncle's a real cowboy at a
dialog: rodeo.
text: Jimbo looks terrible. His eyes are red and he's
text: having trouble swallowing. He grabs his pillow and
text: blanket and gets up. Billy jabs his six guns into
dialog: Jimbo's belly:
speaker_heading: BILLY BOY
dialog: Where d'you think you're goin',
dialog: mister?
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Someplace they don't have lawmen.
text: He goes to the back of the plane where's it's deserted,
text: and lies down across three seats. His body shakes
text: with a chill. He pulls the blanket tight against his
dialog: chest.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOGAN AIRPORT (BOSTON) - DAY
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: LOGAN AIRPORT, BOSTON, SATURDAY,
scene_heading: SEPTEMBER 1.
text: The 757 glides almost silently over Boston Harbor as
text: it sweeps in towards Logan Airport.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: LOGAN AIRPORT - GATE
text: Jimbo lumbers out and is greeted by a young woman
text: with long scraggly hair who wears blue jeans and an
text: old, faded T-shirt that says "Metallica." Her name
text: is ALICE, and she puts her arm around Jimbo and hugs
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What'sa matter, honey?
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Some little brat gave me his cold.
text: She plants a kiss on him and pats his ass.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Too many late nights, that's all.
dialog: Come home to bed.
text: Jimbo smiles and pulls her close.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN FOREST - NIGHT
text: Betsy's eyes glow in the moonlight. She looks hungry
text: and sad. She hears the SHRIEK of a HAWK and freezes.
text: These are foreign sounds. She moves stealthily
text: across the forest floor.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: MOUNTAIN FOREST - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: A patch of wild blackberries grow in a thicket. Betsy
text: begins eating them ravenously. Then she HEARS
text: SOMETHING and turns to see --
text: A coyote poised to leap. Betsy races up a pine tree.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: The COYOTE BARKS below. He's joined by his mate. The
text: coyotes settle in for a long, hungry wait.
text: Betsy is terrified.
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: MOUNTAIN FOREST - FOLLOWING MORNING
text: Betsy, still high up in the pine tree, looks down on --
text: The COYOTES, still waiting. One of them pricks up his
text: ears and GROWLS. Suddenly a SHOT rings out, and the
text: coyotes bolt.
text: In the distance a hunter takes aim and FIRES again.
text: Betsy cowers behind the tree, hiding herself from this
dialog: new danger.
text: The hunter runs under Betsy's tree, rifle in hand,
text: cursing to himself, hell bent on killing the coyotes.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BETSY IN TREE
text: She waits as TWO more SHOTS ring out in the distance,
text: then slowly climbs down.
scene_heading: INT. DR. DREW REYNOLDS' OFFICE - DAY
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: "OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR, CENTER
scene_heading: FOR DISEASE CONTROL (CDC), ATLANTA, SEPTEMBER 1."
text: DR. DREW REYNOLDS, 55, dressed in a doctor's coat,
text: paces in front of a bookcase filled with medical tomes
text: and topped by tennis trophies. Reynolds has a rest-
text: less energy; he squeezes a tennis ball as he listens
text: to Robby, sitting in a chair across from his desk,
text: with a folder of fax papers in her papers. She's
text: clearly intimidated by him, which is his intended
dialog: effect on everyone.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Dr. Gillespie wants us to send
dialog: out a special bulletin warning all
dialog: physicians to watch out for any
text: symptoms of a virus from Zaire
dialog: named 'Motaba.' He thinks it's
dialog: serious enough to warrant
dialog: emergency reporting nationwide,
dialog: that it can't wait for our regular
dialog: monthly report.
scene_heading: DREW REYNOLDS
dialog: Which will be released next week,
dialog: correct?
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Wednesday.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: DREW REYNOLDS
dialog: To get out a special bulletin for
dialog: four hundred thousand health
dialog: professionals is about a hundred
dialog: and fifty thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Dr. Gillespie says it's the worst
dialog: virus he's ever studied --
scene_heading: DREW REYNOLDS
dialog: -- Forgive me, Robby, but this is
dialog: the guy who found three cases of
dialog: Congo Fever in Nairobi in '87,
dialog: and suddenly it's in every
dialog: American kid's lunch box --
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: -- You're not being fair --
scene_heading: DREW REYNOLDS
dialog: In '91 he said Tsutsugamushi
dialog: Fever was coming. In '92 it was
dialog: Ebola. His panics cost us plenty.
dialog: Around here he's known as Doctor
dialog: Doom.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: He could've been right about any
dialog: of them. Rule out the worst
dialog: first... that's what my father
dialog: always taught.
scene_heading: DREW REYNOLDS
dialog: Your father was one of the
dialog: greatest Surgeon Generals this
dialog: country ever had. He took me
dialog: under his wing and let me fly.
dialog: I've always been grateful. And
dialog: I've always had a special feeling
dialog: for you, Robby. The... pain it
dialog: gave him to see you working under
dialog: Gillespie... all your promise...
dialog: the man never gave you a chance
dialog: to show it.
text: A long silence. Drew has hit home.
scene_heading: DREW REYNOLDS
dialog: Look, is there a shred of evidence
dialog: that Motaba is more transmissible
dialog: than the other filoviruses we've
dialog: seen in the past?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: No.
scene_heading: DREW REYNOLDS
dialog: Then as long as the bulletin goes
dialog: out next week, we're covered.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR (DESCENDING) - ROBBY
text: alone, very depressed, leans against the wall. We
dialog: sense, if somebody walked in and said hello, she'd cry.
text: The doors open into her floor and she gets out, not
text: making eye contact with anyone. She enters...
scene_heading: HER EXPANSIVE OFFICE
text: Her young assistants, DR. JULIO SANCHEZ and DR. LISA
text: ARONSON, faxes in hand, join her from their neighboring
dialog: offices.
speaker_heading: LISA ARONSON
text: An E-Coli outbreak in Michigan at
dialog: a couple of Ronny's steakhouse
dialog: franchises.
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: And -- a couple of fevers of
dialog: unknown origin at Boston Municipal
dialog: that the infectious disease docs
dialog: can't figure out. That's all
dialog: we've got on the log.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (jesting)
dialog: The Boston case is not some guy
dialog: out of Zaire... with Motaba, is it?
speaker_heading: LISA ARONSON
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Yeah, right! Nah, it's a couple
dialog: of Americans. No unusual travel.
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: They've probably got some atypical
dialog: strain of Lyme and the Boston
text: doctors have just missed the boat.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Then let's see if we can throw
dialog: them a lifeline.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INT. RUDY'S PET SHOP (BONNEVILLE, OREGON) CLOSE ON
speaker_heading: RUDY - DAY
text: He doesn't look good, his face is flushed and sweaty,
text: his eyes glassy. He turns the "Closed" sign around to
text: "Open" and unlocks the door for an elderly lady,
text: MRS. FOOTE, standing impatiently outside with her fat
text: Persian cat in her arms. The BELL TINKLES as the door
text: opens and she enters.
speaker_heading: MRS. FOOTE
dialog: Rorshie didn't like the shredded
dialog: veal wafers. I asked her and she
dialog: said, 'Can we change it for the
dialog: beef chips?'
dialog: He's not up for this today.
speaker_heading: MRS. FOOTE
dialog: Are you okay, Rudy?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I'm fine, Mrs. Foote... it's hot.
dialog: That's all. Lemme open a win--
text: Suddenly his face twitches, his body stiffens, his
text: eyes roll back and he falls to the floor, convulsing
dialog: violently.
text: Mrs. Foote screams.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. BONNEVILLE GENERAL HOSPITAL - EMERGENCY ROOM
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYS POUNDING: "EMERGENCY ROOM, BONNEVILLE
scene_heading: GENERAL HOSPITAL - SEPTEMBER 1, 08:50."
text: DR. MASCELLI, 43, a local G.P. auscultates Rudy's
text: chest with his stethoscope. A nurse, EMMA, starts
text: an IV. A second nurse, Jim, puts an oxygen mask over
text: Rudy's face. The lab tech, HENRY, 23, very serious,
text: wraps a tourniquet around Rudy's arm and draws some
text: blood into three colored tubes.
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: C'mon, Rudy, talk to me!
text: No response. Dr. Mascelli rubs his knuckles into
text: Rudy's chest. Rudy groans.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: They said he was fine yesterday.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: (rattled)
text: And now he's in shock with
dialog: pneumonia.
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: Get me some blood cultures.
text: Henry nods as he fills a lavendar-topped tube with
dialog: Rudy's blood.
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: I've been reading about real bad
dialog: strep cases. I bet this is one of
dialog: ‘em. Emma, don't leave him alone.
dialog: His heart could stop any minute.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: LAB - CLOSE ON LAVENDER-TOPPED TUBE - MINUTES LATER
text: spinning in a centrifuge. Henry turns it off. In the
text: b.g., the RADIO BLARES with the MARINERS -- ANGELS
dialog: game:
speaker_heading: BASEBALL RADIO
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Johnson's ready... Checks the
text: runners... Salmon is waiting.
dialog: Johnson delivers.
speaker_heading: (a LOUD CRACK)
text: That ball is hit. Deep... deep...
dialog: it's gone. The Angels win!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Damn!
text: Without thinking he reaches into the centrifuge, but
text: it's still spinning. The lavendar tube shatters,
text: spraying Rudy's blood everywhere.
text: Henry squints. He's got blood in his eye. He rushes
text: to the sink and washes it out.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ROOM OFFICE - MINUTES LATER
text: Dr. Mascelli trying to calm Henry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: You washed it out. Don't worry.
dialog: But just in case, I'll put you
dialog: on some penicillin
text: prophylactically.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I wouldn't want to give it to my
dialog: girl friend.
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: (nudging Henry)
dialog: Cheer up, the penicillin'1ll kill
dialog: that, too.
text: Henry manages a smile.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. VICTORIA STREET THEATRE
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYS POUNDING: "VICTORIA STREET THEATRE,
scene_heading: BONNEVILLE, OREGON - SEPTEMBER 1, 20:25 PDT."
text: Henry sits with his girl friend, CORINNE, watching
text: a showing of the Warner-Kopelson blockbuster, Thief
text: Of Araby. Henry starts to cough violently, then
text: stands up.
speaker_heading: CORRINE
dialog: Honey, what's wrong?
text: He's sweaty and pale.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Nothin'. Just thirsty... Lemme
dialog: get something to drink and I'll
dialog: be okay.
text: Henry heads up the aisle in the darkened theatre.
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE LOBBY - CONCESSION COUNTER
text: Henry hits the concession stand line just as it's
text: filling up before another movie in this multiplex.
text: He's still coughing. He covers his mouth as he coughs
dialog: again and again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Movie patrons, children and adults, on all sides of
text: him are exposed to his "cold." HOLD ON each of their
text: faces for a second as Henry pushes his way to the
text: front of the line and grabs a handful of napkins.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Could I please get something to
dialog: drink?
text: TRACY, the salesgirl with a spiked haircut regards him
text: with a hostile glance.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: You'll have to wait your turn,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Please -- I'm not feeling too good.
dialog: A large Coke. Or Pepsi. I don't
dialog: care.
text: At the front of the line, a black woman (MRS. LOGAN)
text: with a streak of purple in her hair holds her toddler
text: in her arms. She sees that Henry is ill.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOGAN
dialog: That's okay, let him go first.
text: Henry, coughing violently, slaps down three dollars.
text: Tracy serves him.
scene_heading: INT. DARKENED THEATRE
text: Henry walks down the aisle with his drink in hand. He
text: stumbles and falls forward, spilling the drink all
text: over a MOVIE PATRON sitting on the aisle.
speaker_heading: MOVIE PATRON
dialog: Hey?! Watch what you're...
text: When he sees Henry sprawled face down on the carpet,
text: he's scared. He touches Henry's back:
speaker_heading: MOVIE PATRON
dialog: Hey, buddy...? Usher!! Usher!!
scene_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOSTON MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL
text: COMPUTERS KEYS POUND: "BOSTON MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Dr. Julio Sanchez from the CDC and THREE OTHER DOCTORS,
text: dressed in full surgical smock, cap, foot covers, and
text: gloves, stride briskly down the hall and approach
text: double-doors marked "Quarantine: Protective Clothing
dialog: Required" in red letters. They put on positive
text: pressure respirator face masks and we hear the sound
text: of RUSHING AIR. They push through the double-doors.
scene_heading: INT. QUARANTINE WARD
text: Jimbo lies near death in one bed, and his girl friend --
text: Alice lies near death in another. Plastic drapes
text: have been placed over both beds, holding the air
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON JIMBO
text: The scarlet hemorrhagic rash can be seen on his
text: cheeks. Blood trickles from his nose and his mouth,
text: and soaks his sheets. Dr. Sanchez is shocked at how
dialog: far gone Jimbo is.
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Mister Scott -- Jimbo... We're
dialog: trying to figure out how you got
dialog: this disease. It's important, so
dialog: try to help me. You work at an
dialog: animal facility in San Jose --
text: Jimbo's eyes are blank. He's dead.
speaker_heading: BOSTON DOCTOR #1
dialog: What's this guy got?
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: I don't know. That's why we'll
dialog: need a post.
speaker_heading: BOSTON DOCTOR #2
dialog: No way. I'm not gonna slip and
dialog: cut myself and get what he's got.
speaker_heading: BOSTON DOCTOR #1
dialog: Me neither.
text: Suddenly from under her plastic protective shield,
text: Alice stares over at Jimbo's bed. She calls out,
text: her voice a whisper:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Jimbo -- Jimbo? Honey, are you
dialog: all right...? Answer me, please.
text: Alice has just spoken her last words. FADE UP the
text: WHIR of a SUCTION PUMP and...
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOSTON MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL —- PATHOLOGY LAB
text: Boston Doctor #3, in a biosafety suit, stares at Jimbo's
text: naked body lying on the autopsy table. Dr. Sanchez,
text: also in a biosafety suit, stands opposite.
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: Go very carefully, very slowly.
dialog: Maximum sharps precautions.
text: Sweat drips off Boston Doctor #3's face, fogging his
text: visor. He starts to make the first cut, but his hand
text: is trembling too much.
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: Don't let your eyes leave the
dialog: blade. Ever. And you'll be okay.
text: Doctor #3 cuts deep into Jimbo's ribs but no matter
text: how slowly he cuts, the sharp edge of the scalpel
text: seems too close to his fingers. PULL BACK to reveal
text: they're doing the autopsy in a plastic tent using
text: negative pressure suction pumps. As the PUMPS WHIR...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: AUTOPSY TENT - LATER
speaker_heading: BOSTON DOCTOR #3
dialog: Jesus -- the liver, spleen,
dialog: kidneys -- they've turned into
text: jelly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: OPERATING ROOM NURSING STATION
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: (into phone)
text: It's as if they swallowed a bomb
text: and it went off inside them.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know if it's Motaba but
dialog: it sure looks like what Gillespie
dialog: described.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
speaker_heading: ROBBY
text: at her kitchen table. Petrified. We see she's been
text: working late: her laptop's on, papers are strewn about.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: How many were exposed?
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: Too many. The medical staff
dialog: didn't know what they were dealing
dialog: with so they didn't take
dialog: precautions. They're scared outa
dialog: their minds.
text: Julio gazes through the glassed-in walls at the half-
text: dozen pathology residents and nurses, peering at him
text: with worried expressions. He spins around in his
text: chair so he doesn't have to see them.
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: That's just the beginning.
dialog: Patient zero -- this guy Jimbo
dialog: Scott -- worked in an animal
dialog: quarantine facility in San Jose,
dialog: California. That's probably where
dialog: he picked it up. Probably the
dialog: whole place is infected by now and
dialog: is gonna have to be nuked.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It gets worse. Jimbo here takes
dialog: a goddamn plane from Portland to
text: Boston. The plane stopped in
dialog: Chicago. Two hundred and eight
dialog: people on the first leg, and
dialog: Christ, something like two hundred
dialog: and fifty on the second! If this
dialog: guy was infectious, by now the
dialog: whole country's been exposed. And
dialog: Gillispie says there's no treatment
dialog: for this mother, nothing to do but
dialog: pronounce people dead. What are
dialog: we supposed to do, Robby? Christ,
dialog: what the hell are we supposed to do?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: Gillespie said Motaba only spreads
dialog: by direct contact, that the
dialog: disease isn't airborne. Was
dialog: patient zero coughing?
text: Sanchez flips through Scott's medical record.
dialog: Robby has
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: I don't see anything about his
dialog: coughing.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
text: Then the people on the plane are
dialog: probably okay. But we're going to
dialog: have to check every one of them
dialog: out. Plus all the medical staff
dialog: who worked on him and his
dialog: girl friend. Plus all their recent
dialog: contacts.
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: -- That's thousands of people --
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: -- I don't see a choice --
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: -- This whole hospital is buzzin'
dialog: with rumors... it's gonna hit the
dialog: press real soon. What are we
dialog: gonna tell them?
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: That the C.D.C. is investigating
dialog: the situation, but we do not feel
dialog: there's reason for alarm. I know
dialog: it's scary, Julio, but the truth
dialog: is we don't know what it is yet.
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: Gillespie's the only one who can
dialog: tell us.
dialog: mixed emotions: the last person she wants to
text: involve is her ex-husband.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Send him everything by stat
dialog: courier.
speaker_heading: JULIO SANCHEZ
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He hangs up. STAY WITH Robby: her mind racing. She
text: punches in a speed-dial key. An operator answers:
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Center for Disease Control.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: This is Dr. Keough. Put out a
dialog: stage three alert.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Your password, Doctor?
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Zebra, Apple, Charley, Kill.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: WAR ROOM OF C.D.C (23:00)
text: A wan Drew Reynolds enters this large, frenetic room
text: crowded with doctors and staff man the phone banks and
text: fax machines that take up an entire wall. Along another
text: wall is a huge electronic map of the U.S. A red circle
text: blinks on Boston. Reynolds knows that if Motaba Virus
text: rips through America, he's scapegoat number one. He
dialog: makes his way to --
text: Robby at the large desk in the middle of the room.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Great! Now get the list of all
dialog: his friends in San Jose. I want
dialog: to know every contact the last
dialog: last five days.
text: She hangs up, turns to Lisa Aronson, on the phone at the
text: next desk.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Paitent Zero didn't take a
text: commercial plane to Portland.
text: Presumably he went by car. Fax
dialog: every emergency room in the
dialog: Portland area a description of the
dialog: disease. Then hit every hospital
dialog: along every freeway from San Jose
dialog: to Portland.
speaker_heading: LISA ARONSON
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Drew Reyonlds sits down at Robby's desk. Suddenly he
text: looks much older.
scene_heading: DREW REYNOLDS
dialog: We don't even have confirmation.
dialog: This could all be for noth --
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: -- Worst first. My father never
dialog: made the same mistake twice.
text: Reynolds is humbled.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. BONNEVILLE GENERAL HOSPTIAL - INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
text: Corinne stands at Henry's bedside. She's getting sick
text: too: pale, sweating, starting to cough, but she's more
text: worried about Henry, who's barely conscious.
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: Henry, we got it early, and you're
dialog: gonna make it. But I need you to fight.
text: Henry stares at him with blank eyes.
speaker_heading: CORRINE
dialog: Fight, Henry. Fight hard.
text: The OVERHEAD PAGING SYSTEM GOES OFF.
speaker_heading: PAGING OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Dr. Mascelli, E.R. stat. Dr.
dialog: Mascelli, E.R. stat...
text: Dr. Mascelli rushes out.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: EMERGENCY ROOM
text: Two paramedics wheel in Tracy, the Movie Counter Sales-—
text: girl with the spiked haircut. Her father runs alongside.
speaker_heading: TRACY'S FATHER
dialog: Doc, she got sick so fast. I
dialog: thought it was the flu, then she
text: fainted in the bathroom. She's
dialog: hot, Doc, so hot.
text: HOLD ON Dr. Mascelli's fear, then --
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: E.R. HALLWAY - MASCELLI - MINUTES LATER
text: He's searching through a thick book on infectious
text: diseases. Nurse Emma approaches, near tears:
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What's wrong with these people?
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: I don't know.
scene_heading: INTERCUT EMERGENCY ROOM - B.G.
text: We see a roomful of people waiting to check in, including
text: Mrs. Logan (the black woman with purple hair) and her
text: toddler. Suddenly the toddler starts coughing and
text: coughing. His lips turn blue.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOGAN
dialog: (screams )
dialog: My baby. My baby!
text: Dr. Mascelli throws down the book and rushes out, past --
text: The FAX MACHINE, spitting out a sheet of paper. The words
dialog: at the top declare: "Center for Disease Control, Atlanta,
dialog: Emergency Bulletin."
text: FADE UP the ROAR of a CHOPPER and --
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: FT. DETRICK - HELIPORT (23:50)
text: As the BELL CHOPPER emblazoned with the Boston Police
text: logo hits ground, Gillespie, Berman, Salt and Owi yank
text: open the doors and pull out the two shiny aluminum
text: coffins.
scene_heading: INT. GILLESPIE'S BL-4 LAB
text: The aluminum coffins containing Jimbo Scott and Alice
text: still lie open. Gillespie, Berman, and Owi anxiously
text: watch Salt slip a slide under the scope and peer though
text: the eyepieces. A long beat. He moves carefully from one
dialog: field to the next.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: C'mon, for chrissakes.
text: Salt shifts to another field, looks at it long and hard.
text: Pulls his head back: hopelessness in his eyes.
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE
text: A fuzzy, bright fluorescent glow FILLS the SCREEN. As
text: the image comes INTO FOCUS, we see the ugly, large red
dialog: circles of Motaba.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: A shaken Bill Ford pulls back from his scope. He tries
dialog: to project an air of calm:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: P.C.R. tests are tricky. It's
dialog: easy to make a mistake --
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -- Yeah, I followed your orders
dialog: instead of my gut.
text: He grabs the phone and punches in a long distance number.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I should've blasted our African
dialog: findings across every newspaper
dialog: in the country.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Robby.
scene_heading: INTERCUT C.D.C. WAR ROOM - ROBBY
text: One person after another sees her on the phone and real-
text: izes what this is about. Within seconds the room is si-
text: lent. Drew Reynolds squeezes his tennis ball. Robby's
text: shoulders sag with dismay.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You're sure?
text: Reynolds drops the ball. Around the room: shock; even
dialog: though they all anticipated the positive result, nobody
dialog: can quite believe it.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You need my help, Robby.
text: Robby, flustered, doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I know this virus, you don't.
dialog: I've worked this virus, you
dialog: haven't. How many people are
dialog: infected?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She's afraid to tell him.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: We don't know. We've only got a
text: whole emergency room full of
dialog: people in Bonneville, Oregon, and
dialog: we don't know what they've got.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (dismayed)
dialog: How could that many people get
dialog: infected so fast?
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: We're not sure.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Robby, don't get anywhere near
dialog: this thing.
text: Robby doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You've been in an office for years.
dialog: You've forgotten what these things
dialog: are like.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I worked with the A.I.D.S. virus.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: That's level two, nothing! This
dialog: is level four. Stay the fuck
dialog: away, Robby.
speaker_heading: ON ROBBY
text: She is scared.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Please, Robby. Stay away.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I need to be able to test a lot of
dialog: people and quickly. I need the
dialog: primer --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: She hangs
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Why has it always been so hard for
dialog: you to admit that you need
dialog: anything from me?
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I don't have time to fight with
dialog: you. I'll have a courier pick up
text: the primer at 01:00.
text: up without giving him a chance to respond.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Robby!
text: Hands trembling, he hangs up the phone. Ford says
text: nothing, but in his eyes -- pity.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Request permission to bring my
dialog: team to Bonneville, Oregon, sir.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Request denied. Civilian infections
dialog: are not within our mandate --
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -- A Presidential order can override --
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Let the C.D.C. do its job. If they
dialog: need help, they know we're here.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: The Goddamn fuse is lit! What're
dialog: you gonna do? Wait for the bomb
dialog: to go off?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: We don't live in the African bush.
dialog: We don't crap in our streets, we don't
dialog: drink dirty well water filled with
dialog: spit. The disease will be stopped.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Yeah? Today, maybe they've got a
dialog: handful... By tomorrow they could
dialog: have a hundred, and the day after
dialog: that, a thousand. When the
dialog: President and Congress ask why you
dialog: didn't bring in one group, the
dialog: only group in the entire world
dialog: with experience in fighting this
dialog: disease, what're you gonna say?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You don't obey orders, Gillespie.
dialog: You're the last person I'd send.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I'm sending a letter to the Surgeon
dialog: General right now. I'm going to
dialog: create a paper trail. You will fry.
text: Gillespie storms out. Ford remains unruffled.
scene_heading: INT. GILLESPIE'S SMALL, CLUTTERED OFFICE
text: Gillespie bursts into the room and slams the door.
text: He grabs the glass PAPERWEIGHT off his desk and throws it
text: against the wall. It SHATTERS.
text: He stops. A moment of hesitation.
scene_heading: INT. FT. ANDREWS AIR FORCE BASE - CONTORL TOWER
text: SERGEANT MUCIA picks up the phone. The wall clock reads
dialog: midnight.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT MUCIA
dialog: Fort Andrews. Air traffic control.
dialog: Sergeant Mucia.
text: INTERCUT MUCIA WITH GILLESPIE IN HIS OFFICE
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Sergeant, this is Colonel Gillespie
dialog: at Fort Detrick. We're on code
dialog: red status for Bonneville, Oregon.
dialog: Time of departure 01:00.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT MUCIA
dialog: That's not possible, sir.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Is that Mucia with a 'C' or an
dialog: 'S'?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT MUCIA
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: 'C,' sir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Get it done, Sergeant. That's a
dialog: direct oroder from General Ford.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT MUCIA
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FT. ANDREWS AIR FORCE BASE
text: Flood lights illuminate dozens of enlisted men rapidly
text: wheeling equipment into the open hatch of the huge C5A
text: standing on the tarmac.
text: Gillespie, Salt, and Berman approach the plane, Gillespie
text: in the lead, the others two steps behind.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: The C.D.C. asked us? That doesn't
dialog: sound like them.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: They're going to have to show the
dialog: President they did everything
dialog: possible.
text: There's a nervousness in Izzy's face, something we've
dialog: seen before.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Get a bunch of paper pushers scared
dialog: enough, they'll do anything.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE
text: He punches the words "Bonneville, Oregon" into his
text: computer. The computer answers: "Population: 1218.
dialog: Portland Metropolitan Area: Population: 532,000." He
text: punches another key. A TELEPHONE speed dial WHISTLES
text: across the room.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DUGWAY (UTAH) - NIGHT
text: A gila monster hunts for prey, its eye darting back and
text: forth, its tongue twitching hungrily. It runs off,
text: vanishing in the dry chaparral and desert that stretches
text: for hundreds of miles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: We're seemingly in the middle of nowhere until we find --
text: An electrified barbed-wire fence emblazoned with signs
dialog: warning: "U.S. Military Property: Trespassing Strictly
dialog: Prohibited."
text: Behind the fence stand rows of huge satellite scanners.
text: Behind them are rows of duplexes. Inside one of the du-
text: plexes a light comes on.
scene_heading: INT. DUPLEX
text: McClintock grabs the PHONE RINGING by his bed.
scene_heading: INTERCUT FORD AND MCLINTOCK
speaker_heading: FORD
text: The genie's out of the bottle in
dialog: Bonneville, Oregon, Donny, and
dialog: we've got to get him back in.
text: General McClintock looks dumb.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Cancel all leaves. Mobilize all
dialog: personnel. I'm going to want wind
dialog: conditions and transmission rates
dialog: -- for all insects, animals,
dialog: marine, and human vectors. If
dialog: this virus is spreading, I want to
dialog: know how fast and where.
text: He looks at his computer monitor, which projects a map of
dialog: Western Oregon: the town of Bonneville is close to the
dialog: Columbia River.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Bonneville's only five miles from
dialog: the Columbia River and if this
dialog: mother gets there, we're in big
dialog: shit trouble.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT/INT. C5A
text: Flying in heavey weather.
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: September 3, 02:30.
text: The Radioman turns to Gillespie, seated with Izzy and
text: Salt in the back of the cockpit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Gillespie
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN
dialog: We've got the Secretary of Defense
text: on the radio. They had to wake
dialog: him up.
text: unstraps himself and takes hold of the
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Tell him it is Colonel Mike
dialog: Gillespie, Commander of the U.S.
text: Army Motaba Virus Task Force.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
speaker_heading: SMALL OAK-
speaker_heading: LINED STUDY (VIRGINIA)
text: where PHILLIP GOODELL, the Secretary of Defense, is
text: dressed in his pajamas.
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: Give that to me one more time,
dialog: Colonel.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: We've got to quarantine the entire
dialog: town of Bonneville and do it
dialog: quick. Morning will be too late --
text: people will panic and try to leave.
dialog: If even one infected person gets
dialog: out, the entire effort could be
dialog: for nothing.
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: Why can't the State Police do it?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: They can shut down the major
dialog: roads, but we need a much larger
text: force to encircle the town.
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: Where would I get troops at this
dialog: hour and have ‘em in Bonneville,
dialog: Oregon before sunrise?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Fort Lewis, Washington, or Ford
text: Ord, California. Closer is
dialog: better. Sir, this is a doomsday
dialog: disease.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE (CONT'D)
text: As deadly as A.I.D.S., but it kills
dialog: within days. It could spread over
dialog: the entire country.
text: Goodell's wide awake now.
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: Does your commanding officer know
dialog: about this?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Yes, sir, of course. He asked me
dialog: to call you.
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: Colonel, all I can do is refer the
dialog: matter to the National Security
dialog: Council. An action of this scope
dialog: would require the President's
dialog: approval.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Then get it, sir. Right away,
dialog: please.
text: They break radio contact. Salt looks at Gillespie with
dialog: awe.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: If the C.D.C. asked us to help, why
dialog: did you have to call the Defense
dialog: Secretary? Why didn't General
dialog: Ford make the call?
text: Gillespie shifts uncomfortably. Salt realizes he's in
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: You bet your ass, Captain.
dialog: Colonel Gillespie has taken it
dialog: upon himself to circumvent the
dialog: entire chain of command.
text: The plane bounces in the turbulence. Salt turns to
dialog: Gillespie.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: You're shitting me?... Sir?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I'll take full responsibility for
dialog: whatever happens.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: That only means they'll hang you
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Don't worry, the C.D.C. -- and the
dialog: President -- will invite us to
dialog: Bonneville.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They'll invite Mary and Jesus too.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: DEFENSE SECRETARY GOODELL'S OAK-LINED STUDY
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I just got a disturbing call from
dialog: one of your officers, General.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: FORD IN HIS OFFICE
text: sitting at his desk. As we hear Goodell go on, a look of
text: anger builds on Ford's face.
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: I can tell the President we're
dialog: looking at a situation you can
dialog: contain with minimal loss of life,
dialog: can't I?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Of course.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: GILLESPIE'S BL-4 LAB (02:30)
text: TRACK PAST the open aluminum caskets holding the remains
text: of Jimbo and Alice to Owi working under a negative pres-—
text: sure hood. He removes a rack of test tubes, suddenly
text: freezes.
text: Facing him are General Ford and four men dressed in BL-4
text: suits and carrying automatic weapons in plastic sheaths.
text: One soldier closes the caskets and starts moving them out.
text: The others start unpacking the freezers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Owl
dialog: Are you crazy? Don't touch them.
dialog: Those are Level Four viruses.
text: The lead soldier raises his rifle at Owi.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Sergeant, I want every specimen of
dialog: Motaba Virus in this lab and this
dialog: time no 'mistakes.'
text: FADE UP COUNTRY MUSIC with a real twang like the JUDDS'
dialog: "Red Cadillac" and...
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: RED PICKUP
text: with chrome wheels racing along a deserted country road
text: in the dark of night.
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: "BONNEVILLE, OREGON, TUESDAY --
dialog: 05:00."
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PICKUP - NIGHT
text: TOMMY HULL, 28, a construction worker, sings along. The
text: windows of his pickup are wide open and the wind blows his
text: long hair straight back. There's an empty gun rack in the
text: back. He rounds a turn and BRAKES to a SCREECHING HALT.
text: The glare of flashing red and blue lights crosses his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What the hell?
scene_heading: TOMMY'S POV - THREE HIGHWAY PATROLMEN
text: wearing gas masks and toting shotguns in their latex-
text: gloved hands, stand in front of their patrol cars whose
text: emergency lights flash off and on, creating an eerie
text: glow. Down the road, is a second checkpoint where the
text: patrol cars are facing the other way.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Tommy Hull climbs out. The HIGHWAY PATROLMAN raises his
text: shotgun and aims it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What's goin' on?
scene_heading: HIGHWAY PATROLMAN #1
dialog: Stay inside your car.
text: Tommy Hull freezes.
scene_heading: HIGHWAY PATROLMAN #1
dialog: Turn around, go home, and stay
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What's goin' on? Why are you
dialog: wearin' all that stuff?
scene_heading: HIGHWAY PATROLMAN #2
dialog: Go home and you'll be all right.
dialog: Move it.
dialog: Tommy Hull ain't gonna argue with three loads of buckshot.
text: He STARTS his TRUCK, then stops and gapes, as rapidly ap-
text: proaching from the opposite way towards town is...
scene_heading: CONVOY OF THREE STATE POLICE CARS
text: They ZOOM by him. In the back seat of the lead car, we
dialog: see Robby and Lisa Aronson.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BONNEVILLE GENERAL HOSPITAL (TUESDAY, 6:15 AM)
text: The convoy of police cars pull in the parking lot where
text: local police, wearing respirators, hold back a crowd of
dialog: about twenty people, the families of those who are sick
dialog: inside.
text: Robby and Lisa and the state police officers climb out
text: wearing their respirator/helmets and biosafety suits. The
text: twenty people react as the realization sets in that what-
dialog: ever their loved ones have, it's awful.
text: Tracy's Father pushes forward.
speaker_heading: TRACY'S FATHER
dialog: Nobody's tellin' us what's goin'
dialog: on.
text: Robby turns to the local POLICE CHIEF, Ray Fowler, a
text: stringy, taciturn man.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I'm Dr. Roberta Keough from the
dialog: C.D.C. I'm in charge.
speaker_heading: POLICE CHIEF
dialog: I thought he was in charge.
text: She follows his gaze to the main entrance of the hospital.
text: Standing at the top of the stairs, dressed in his bio-
dialog: safety suit is...
speaker_heading: MIKE GILLESPIE
text: Robby is shocked, but not shocked. She moves up the
text: steps. He blocks her path.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I've got people inside. They can
dialog: do what needs to be done. Set up
dialog: your command post outside the
dialog: town, where you'll be safe.
text: She tries to go around him. He grabs her arm.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Let me do my job. Please. I know
dialog: what I'm doing.
text: A beat. He reluctantly lets go. She goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL
text: Robby, followed by Mike, moves down the corridor.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: On whose authority are you here,
dialog: Michael?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Want me to leave?
text: She doesn't answer. We hear only the RUSH of AIR in their
text: SUITS, drowning out the horror we see as they pass room
text: after room of Motaba patients, screaming and moaning in
dialog: pain. They pass...
text: Izzy in a room with Henry, the lab tech. Lips blue,
text: gasping for every breath, he fights against the vent-
text: ilator. Streaks of blood line the wall. In the next
text: bed is his girl friend, Corinne, comatose and near death.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A MOTHER'S cry of agony rips through the RUSH of AIR as
text: Robby and Mike pass the room where Mrs. Logan is holding
text: her dying toddler in her arms. Her body is covered with
text: the fine red vesicular rash of end-stage Motaba. She
text: pleads with Salt, standing there in a biosafety suit,
text: completely helpless.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Save my baby... Please... Save my
dialog: baby.
text: Robby exchanges a glance with Gillespie. She's
dialog: devastated.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I tried to warn you.
dialog: But nothing he could have said could have prepared her for
dialog: this. She moves on into...
scene_heading: SMALL INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
text: crammed with ten patients on gurneys, all sick with end-
text: stage Motaba.
text: Nurse Emma and Dr. Mascelli, in biosafety suits, pack
text: Tracy, the movie-counter girl, in ice.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: (delirious with
dialog: fever)
dialog: Daddy... Daddy! Where's my daddy?
text: Robby looks at Rudy, lying in the next cubicle, eyes com-
text: pletely yellow and lifeless, face and body covered in
text: black-and-blue splotches. His chest rises and falls in
text: short gasps.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Bonneville patient zero. He never
dialog: regained consciousness so we don't
dialog: know how he got infected.
text: Suddenly Tracy starts convulsing.
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: More Valium. Quick.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: We're out.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Where's the crash cart?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 75.
text: Nurse Emma nods to a Sears Roebuck-style tool cabinet in
dialog: the corner.
text: Dr. Mascelli starts for it, but Gillespie's already there.
text: He punches off the plastic lock, rips open a drawer and
text: grabs a small box labeled Valium. He flips it to...
text: Robby, who in a second, pops it open, pulls out the
text: syringe of Valium and shoots the yellow liquid into
text: Tracy's IV. She stops seizing.
text: Dr. Mascelli and Nurse Emma are impressed.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Dr. Mascelli, we spoke on the
dialog: phone, I'm Dr. Keough from the
dialog: c.D.Cc.
text: One of the patients starts coughing. Gillespie
text: Robby are alarmed.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: How many of your patients are
dialog: coughing?
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: (indicating Rudy)
dialog: Except for him, all of them. Why?
dialog: and
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASCELLI'S OFFICE
text: And a grid map of Bonneville with cases of Motaba marked
text: in red. They're spread out all over the town.
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: The common bond is the movie
dialog: theatre.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: This isn't the same virus --
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: -- It's mutated --
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -- To an airborne form --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: My God, if it's spreading through
dialog: the air, person to person, by
dialog: droplets, it's... it's the plague.
dialog: Everybody in the town's gonna die.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: They may not all be infected.
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: But they will be. And if one
dialog: person gets out --
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: The quarantine has to be
dialog: ironclad --
speaker_heading: DR. MASCELLI
dialog: People are gonna get out over the
dialog: mountains -- it will be impossible
dialog: to stop them.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You're wrong.
text: FADE UP the ROAR of CHOPPERS. An OVERWHELMING DIM.
text: Dr. Macselli moves to the window, pulls back the shades.
text: Can't believe his eyes.
text: In the distance, against the dawn half-light... the sky is
text: filled with Sikorsky Blackhawk helicopters from the U.S.
dialog: Rapid Deployment Force.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: How...
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -»-. Don't ask.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BONNEVILLE GENERAL HOSPITAL (06:40)
text: A giant helicopter maneuvers a mobile BL-4 lab into the
text: parking lot behind the hospital. Another chopper flies
text: behind it, carrying a portable pre-fab hospital. Another
text: sets down and begins disgorging combat troops wearing
dialog: chem-warfare suits.
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
text: dressed in chemical warfare gear and carrying M-16s ride
text: in a Jeep through the center of the town.
text: The SOLDIER with a megaphone bellows at a group of
text: townspeople gathered in front of a donut shop:
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Go home and stay there or you will
dialog: be placed under arrest.
text: The townspeople stare at these terrifying figures, then
text: quickly disperse.
text: REVEAL the next street over, and the next. Soldiers blast
dialog: out warnings.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: TOMMY HULL, HIS WIFE, DARLA, AND TWO KIDS (06:40)
text: barreling along a gravel road in their pickup.
text: In the hazy light, Tommy sees...
text: Two infantry men in chem-war gear move into position on
text: the road and raise their guns toward the pickup.
text: Tommy does not slow down. His wife screams:
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: They'll shoot us!!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: They won't.
text: But he can't be certain.
text: The soldiers take aim.
text: Tommy brings the PICKUP to a SCREECHING stop, throwing up
text: gravel on all sides. He whips the vehicle around and
text: heads back toward town.
text: A Chinook HELICOPTER THUNDERS overhead.
text: Tommy scans the horizon for an escape.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I know one place they won't think
dialog: to go.
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: RED PICKUP
text: bouncing along an overgrown creek bed, splashing water
text: everywhere, careening into the big rocks which litter the
text: creek bed. Suddenly --
text: A helicopter gunship emerges over the tree-tops.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: Stop!
text: But Tommy doesn't stop. The PICKUP keeps going -- SMASH-
text: ING and BASHING its way up the creek. The GUNSHIP OPENS
text: FIRE, shredding the tires. The PICKUP THUMPS to a halt.
text: Inside, Darla and the children cry, Tommy is shaken. The
text: helicopter hovers above them as the Hulls climb out and
text: head back toward town.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: STATE POLICE CAR
text: coming to a fast stop at the highway checkpoint outside
dialog: Bonneville as...
text: GUNFIRE RINGS OUT from the distance.
text: Inside, Mike and Robby react with alarm and climb out.
text: CHOPPERS ROAR by overhead, create a DEAFENING BLAST.
text: The line of cars trying to get out of town is a quarter
text: mile long. They're held back by a...
text: Long line of infantrymen in chem-war gear who look like
text: futuristic insects. This area will become the front lines
text: of a war. Robby and Mike race by the soldiers...
text: To the command where LIEUTENANT COLONEL RONALD BRIGGS is
text: on the radio, coordinating his units.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: You're using rubber bullets,
dialog: aren't you?
text: Briggs salutes Gillespie. He speaks with a Georgia
dialog: accent.
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL BRIGGS
dialog: No, ma'am. My orders are that no
dialog: one is to get out of this town.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: You're operating under civilian
text: control in a civilian disater.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A monster Chinook comes down, sending up a torrent of
dialog: dust.
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL BRIGGS
dialog: No, ma'am, we're not.
text: He turns to...
text: The figure emerging from under the WHIRLING BLADES:
dialog: General Billy Ford.
text: Gillespie braces himself. Robby's surprised. Billy hands
text: Robby a sealed document.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: The Secretary of Defense and the
dialog: President have made this a joint
dialog: operation between the C.D.C. and
dialog: the United States Army. I've been
dialog: placed in command.
text: Ford goes straight over to Gillespie. Briggs intercepts
text: him halfway there, salutes, and reports:
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL BRIGGS
dialog: Sir, since we established our
dialog: perimeter at 06:20, nobody has
dialog: penetrated our line. Before that,
dialog: I can give no guarantees.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: There are one thousand two hundred
dialog: and eighteen people living in this
dialog: town. I want every one of them
dialog: accounted for by 09:00.
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL BRIGGS
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: He moves off. Ford and Gillespie square off.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You're under arrest. With Major
dialog: Berman and Captain Salt --
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: -- He was right. We were wrong --
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: -- Stay out of it, Robby.
dialog: Gillespie, you violated a direct
dialog: order --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -- The virus is airborne.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Motaba is only spread by direct
dialog: fluid contact.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: Since it left Africa, it mutated.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: That's crazy.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Go to the hospital and see for
dialog: yourself. Leave your face bare.
text: Ford starts away from Gillespie.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: You can't put him in jail. I need
dialog: him. I need his whole team.
text: Ford thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Very well. Colonel, you, Major
dialog: Berman, Captain Salt... can help
dialog: Dr. Keough for the duration of
dialog: this crisis, but you cannot leave
dialog: this town and as soon as we get
dialog: this under control, you'll be
dialog: taken into custody.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Major Berman and Captain Salt
dialog: were following my orders -- I am
text: the only one at fault.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: We'll let the court martial decide
dialog: that.
text: Suddenly Robby's walkie-talkie squawks:
speaker_heading: LISA ARONSON (V.O.)
dialog: We got the host!
text: FADE UP the cacophony of SHRIEKING ANIMALS and --
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. RUDY'S PET SHOP
text: The brown rhesus sits in the back of his cage, staring at
text: Biosafety suited doctors crowded around his cage. The
text: other ANIMALS SCREECH with hunger.
speaker_heading: LISA ARONSON
dialog: I found this note on the desk...
text: She holds a post-it with the words scribbled across it:
dialog: "Scott - Monkey - 8/31."
speaker_heading: LISA ARONSON
dialog: This must be the monkey Scott
dialog: brought up from Biotest.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: And if he is the host, his blood
dialog: will give us a treatment.
speaker_heading: LISA ARONSON
dialog: He's so cute it's hard to believe
dialog: he's caused such destruction.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Hitler's girl friend used to say
dialog: the same thing.
text: Ford stands in the back of the room, disinterested, as if
text: he knows already the brown rhesus is going to lead
text: nowhere. Robby peers into the rhesus's cage.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Why is he so quiet?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Monkeys get quiet when they get
dialog: hungry...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: «+. Or sick.
scene_heading: SMACH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BIO-TEST ANIMAL QUARANTINE FACILITY
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: "BIOTEST ANIMAL QUARANTINE FACILITY
scene_heading: -- SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA"
text: McClintock hurries down the long aisle filled with monkey
text: cages stacked two high on both sides. Keeping pace is
text: FELDER, the president of Bio-Test.
speaker_heading: FELDER
dialog: These animals are all healthy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: McClintock turns to a dozen biosafety-suited figures,
text: each carrying a doctor's bag.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Fan out.
text: They each go off in a separate direction, leaving
text: McClintock and Felder opposite a cage of African Green
text: monkeys. McClintock opens his black bag, takes out a
text: strange looking pistol and feeds in a cartridge con-
text: taining a turquoise-blue liquid (amobarbital).
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: One of these animals may be the
dialog: host of the worst virus the world
dialog: has ever known.
text: Felder shudders. McClintock thunders into his walkie-
dialog: talkie.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Make sure the animals are
dialog: completey tranquilized before
dialog: specimens are drawn. Use all
dialog: level four precautions.
text: Felder squirms as McClintock aims the pistol at the Green
text: MONKEY, who grabs the bars of the cage and HISSES. As
text: one GUN after ANOTHER GOES OFF --
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: HOSPITAL PARKING LOT - NEAR PORTABLE BL-4 LAB
text: ChemWar-suited infantrymen standing with M-16s held
text: ready. Behind them is a pre-school with a yardful of
text: toys now abandoned.
text: The infantrymen stare at the brown rhesus, held tightly
text: in a "squeeze cage." Robby, Mike, Lisa, and Wally look
text: on anxiously as Izzy approaches the monkey with a needle
text: attached to a long syringe. The rhesus strains with
text: every muscle to lash out. Izzy moves quickly, jabbing
text: the needle into the monkey's thigh. He pushes the
text: plunger. The rhesus suddenly jerks his arm.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Izzy!
scene_heading: NEEDLE HEADS FOR IZZY'S HAND (SLOW MOTION)
text: but he yanks it back just in time.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: ON IZZY
text: trembling. A long beat.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: The rhesus falls asleep. Izzy draws blood as a Jeep
text: carrying Ford pulls up, followed by an Army truck.
text: Soldiers empty the truck, piling up crates of plastic IV
text: bags filled with brown fluid.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Filo-four antiserum. Antitoxin.
dialog: Anyone with symptoms or positive
dialog: blood tests will get it stat.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: It kills twenty-five percent of
dialog: filoviruses.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Not Motaba. We tried it.
speaker_heading: FORD
text: In the lab. People react
dialog: differently.
text: Gillespie and Izzy exchange a skeptical glance: is Ford
dialog: losing it, or what?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: We have nothing to lose -- the
dialog: disease is incurable.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: General Ford is right.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: A) A school classroom, empty.
dialog: B) A factory, empty.
text: C) A supermarket, empty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: D) The center of town --
text: Not a sign of life except for the Jeep carrying ChemWar
text: troops bearing M-l6s.
speaker_heading: ROBBY (V.O.)
dialog: The Army will begin emergency food
dialog: deliveries once a day...
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. SMALL ONE STORY HOUSE - KITCHEN
text: SHERRY listens to a RADIO with her three young children.
text: She coughs and exchanges a worried look with her husband.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL RADIO STATION - GLASSED-IN BROADCAST BOOTH -—
scene_heading: ROBBY AND MIKE
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: ... If you have special needs,
dialog: such as medicine you take, let
dialog: them know and it'll be delivered
dialog: to you. But please -- stay
dialog: inside. Do not go out for any
dialog: reason.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: This disease looks like a regular
dialog: flu in its early stages, but if
dialog: you have flu symptoms, don't
dialog: panic... It's probably just a
dialog: normal virus and not Motaba.
scene_heading: INT. SHERRY'S HOUSE - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE (V.O.)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: But the way to protect your family
dialog: is to detect it early, before you
dialog: spread it.
speaker_heading: ON SHERRY
text: Terrified.
dialog: 85.
text: BACK TO SCENE
scene_heading: SHERRY'S HUSBAND
dialog: You don't have it, honey.
scene_heading: HER FOUR-YEAR-OLD SON
dialog: What do you have, Mommy?
speaker_heading: SHERRY
dialog: Nothing. Mommy's fine.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. MOTABA HOSPITAL WARD - SIMULTANEOUSLY
text: Ford walks through the Motaba ward, now overflowing with
text: infected patients, some of them unconscious and some of
dialog: them moaning. Their loved ones have not been allowed into
text: this infected ward, so most of these people are alone and
dialog: scared.
text: In Ford's eyes we see pain.
text: From a RADIO in the nursing station.
speaker_heading: ROBBY (V.O.)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: If you're feeling sick in any way,
dialog: you should hang a pillowcase or
dialog: other piece of cloth on your
text: front door. Soldiers will take
dialog: you somewhere safe for a test.
dialog: You'll know the result within a
dialog: few hours. If you're positive,
dialog: you'll go into one of our isolation
dialog: hospitals, so bring clothes and
dialog: personal things you might need.
scene_heading: INT. TOMMY HULL'S SMALL HOUSE
text: Darla and her two kids gather 'round the radio. In the
text: b.g. Tommy takes a swig of whiskey. He's still trembling
text: from his encounter with the chopper.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Turn it off!
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: No.
text: Tommy grabs the radio and throws it across the room, break-
dialog: ing it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: We don't have it, goddamn it. But
dialog: if we stay here, we'll get it.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: They're doctors. They know more
dialog: than you.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: RADIO STATION BROADCAST BOOTH
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: I know you're scared. We're all
dialog: scared. But together we're going
dialog: to get through this.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: BONNEVILLE GENERAL HOSPITAL
text: A room full of Motaba patients, all with antiserum running
text: through their IV's. Dr. Mascelli and Izzy listen to the
text: RADIO. Mascelli's eyes are blood-shot. He sneezes and
text: sniffles.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR MASCELLI
dialog: And now I've got it too. I'm
dialog: going to die along with the rest
dialog: of them, aren't I?
text: The look in Izzy's eyes confirms Dr. Mascelli's worst
dialog: fear.
scene_heading: INT. SHERRY'S HOUSE
text: Sherry slowly opens the front door, puts a white pillow-
text: case over the door. Her kids run into her arms crying.
speaker_heading: SHERRY
dialog: (hugging them)
dialog: I'll be back in a few hours. It's
dialog: like I'm goin' to work.
text: She wipes the tears from her eyes; she's trembling.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHERRY
dialog: (to each kid in turn)
dialog: Now, promise you won't fight.
dialog: Promise you'll do what your
dialog: father tells you.
text: They each promise - nodding "yes" in order from the
text: oldest to the youngest. It's a very solemn moment as
dialog: Sherry steps onto:
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH
text: She walks slowly down the small path, knowing this could
dialog: be the last time she ever makes this walk, ever sees her
text: family. She stops, wipes a tear off her cheek. She wants
dialog: to look back so bad, to get one last look at her kids,
text: but doesn't want them to see her scared. She climbs into
text: the waiting Army Jeep.
text: Sherry waves as the Jeep pulls away. But she's sitting
text: next to a soldier in full ChemWar gear, and this only
text: amplifies the fear in her children's eyes.
text: The Jeep drives past other houses with pillowcases over
text: the door.
scene_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SHERRY'S ARM
text: Her fist clinches as Lisa Aronson finishes drawing blood.
scene_heading: INT. TESTING TENT
text: Lisa carefully slips the test tube of blood into a plexi-
text: glass case and locks it. As she exits the tent, we see:
speaker_heading: TENT CITY
text: Tent after tent -- at least four hundred of them -- a
text: tent city set up on the high school football field.
dialog: Housing people in isolation who have had or are about
text: to undergo the blood test. This is purgatory, where
dialog: you wait for judgment.
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: MOBILE BL-4 LAB
text: Izzy carefully withdraws a syringe of clear liquid from
text: a rubber capped bottle labeled "DNA PRIMER." He mixes
text: this into a blood sample from a test patient. At the
text: bench, Robby is doing the same. Izzy looks under his
text: scope. The field is filled with red circles.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Positive.
text: He takes another tube of blood from a different patient.
text: Looks under the scope.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Positive.
text: Robby looks under her scope.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Positive.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: The whole fucking town's infected.
text: A sense of despair.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Double check it! Triple check it.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHERRY'S TENT
text: Sherry Templeton tries to come to terms with the fact
dialog: she's positive.
speaker_heading: SHERRY
dialog: Does this mean my children have
dialog: it, too?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (shaken by her pain)
dialog: No...
text: But she sees he's not sure.
speaker_heading: SHERRY
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: BL-4 LAB - IZZY AND ROBBY
text: working. Izzy looking under the scope. Everything is
dialog: purple.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: How can this be? Doctor Mascelli
dialog: can't be negative. I know he's
dialog: got it. Something's wrong.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: BL-4 LAB - LITTLE LATER
text: Izzy concentrates on Mascelli's blood test. His eyes
text: are bloodshot from fatigue.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - AIR HOSE COUPLING
text: at Izzy's side. The red umbilical cord connected to the
text: ceiling catches on the sink handle in the center island;
text: it slowly slips out of its coupling and drops. The sound
text: of RUSHING AIR suddenly STOPS.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: ... but Izzy doesn't hear it. He continues looking
text: through the scope. Suddenly, he spots the red umbilical
text: cord lying on the floor.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: No!
text: Robby grabs the cord and re-inserts it into Izzy's suit;
text: the RUSH OF AIR quickly fills the suit, but --
text: Izzy - panicked - runs out of the lab into:
scene_heading: FORMALDEHYDE SHOWER AREA
text: and blasts himself with formaldehyde. As the frothy
text: liquid bath pours over him:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON IZZY'S FACE
dialog: terrified: Did he breath in the virus?
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: LOCKER ROOM - MINUTES LATER
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: It was only a few seconds, nothing
dialog: got in.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: I know. I'm fine.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I can finish the tests --
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: -- I'm fine.
text: She nods, worried.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: HOSPITAL WARD - NIGHT
text: Ford checks Henry's (the Lab Tech's) pulse. Nothing. He
text: looks at McClintock, staring at Henry's corpse into which
text: the antiserum is still flowing. In the next bed, Corinne,
text: Henry's girl friend, also lies dead.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
text: The Motaba antiserum doesn't work.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (devastated)
dialog: The virus has changed enough so
dialog: that the antibodies can't recognize
dialog: it. We've got to find the host,
dialog: Donny.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: How? The San Jose animals were
dialog: all negative.
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: For thirty years you've thought it
dialog: was a breath away. And we looked,
dialog: and tested and tested. And we
dialog: couldn't find it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What good would it do anyway? The
text: virus has mutated. The host would
dialog: carry the antibodies against the
dialog: African strain -- before it
text: mutated.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: ON Ford's
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Nature is more generous than man,
dialog: Donny... it creates more
dialog: variablity in the antibodies. If
dialog: we find the host, its antibodies
dialog: may be effective against the
text: mutated strain.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: That's a guess. And there's no
dialog: time, no cure. We have no choice
dialog: but to implement the Emergency
dialog: Containment Plan.
dialog: troubled reaction --
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: BL-4 LAB - LATER THAT NIGHT
dialog: Gillespie,
text: Robby, Lisa, and Izzy peer...
text: Into the Brown Rhesus's cage. The monkey looks dreadful:
text: he's crouched in a fetal position and his nose drips puss.
dialog: Gloom and
speaker_heading: SALT
text: He's dying of Motaba. His blood
dialog: doesn't have any protective
dialog: antibodies. Nothing.
text: defeat sink over the room.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: But where did this monkey get the
dialog: disease?
speaker_heading: LISA ARONSON
dialog: Christ, it could have been
dialog: anywhere... Maybe he was on a boat
text: from Africa, next to the host.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Then there's no hope.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: No. Unless Jimbo Scott had close
dialog: contact with the host and that
text: animal is somehow traceable.
dialog: There's got to be something at
dialog: Bio-Test.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Lisa, go back there. There's got
dialog: to be something that was missed.
text: Lisa nods.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: BL-4 LAB - LATER
text: Salt looks plaintively at the Rhesus. He opens the
text: refrigerator and takes out a bottle labeled morphine.
text: He's about to close the fridge, but stops and stares...
text: Inside the refrigerator: a unit of antiserum just lying
text: around. He looks at the antiserum, then at the monkey,
text: sick in its cage.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: QUARANTINE PERIMETER - DAWN
text: The line of troops and tanks stretches for miles. HUEYS
text: THUNDER overhead, keeping watch.
text: Behind the tanks are a swarm of figures wearing red BL-4
text: suits. They're moving cages filled with insects and
text: animals toward a huge series of trailers.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL FORD'S COMMAND CENTER - DAWN
text: The Command Center is buzzing with activity. Along one
text: wall is an array of supercomputers all feeding data to...
text: The big board -- a computerized map of the Quarantine
dialog: Area.
text: DR. FRANKLE, a Biowar Defense expert, an intense, bearded
text: man of about 50 -- paces in front of the big board. As
text: Frankle briefs Ford and McClintock, we literally see the
text: epidemic spreading out from the center of Bonneville --
text: more and more terrain is colored red each time the big
text: screen redraws. The red gets larger and larger, until it
text: comes within three miles of the Columbia River, which cuts
text: a big blue swath through the map.
speaker_heading: FRANKLE
dialog: Mosquitoes are picking up this
dialog: virus. An hour ago a squirrel
dialog: with Motaba was trapped just three
text: miles from the river.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Increase the spraying, Goddamnit!
speaker_heading: FRANKLE
dialog: The best stuff we've got won't
dialog: kill every last one. Eventually
dialog: one bug, one animal's going to get
dialog: through to the river. Worst case
dialog: is the virus penetrates the
dialog: ecosystem. Then we can't stop it.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: There's got to be a way to deal
dialog: with it --
speaker_heading: FRANKLE
dialog: -- The only similar case I know of
dialog: is the Influenza Epidemic of 1918.
dialog: It circled the globe in two weeks.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: People can be asymptomatic, for
dialog: weeks. The tests are faulty. We
dialog: have to assume everyone in this
dialog: town is infected and will get this
dialog: disease sooner or later.
text: Silence. Finally:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I want the most rapid-acting nerve
dialog: gas. Something so quick they'll
dialog: never know what hit ‘em.
scene_heading: INT. BIO-TEST MAIN OFFICE (SAN JOSE) - DAY
text: The office is a small, chaotic room filled with old filing
text: cabinets and ancient PC's. The company President, Felder,
text: and Lisa Aronson sit near a speakerphone.
speaker_heading: LISA ARONSON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: And I've been through all the
dialog: files... No animal's been removed
dialog: in the last fourteen days.
speaker_heading: FELDER
dialog: If Jimbo Scott got an infected
dialog: animal, he didn't get it here.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
dialog: 94,
text: SMALL OFFICE IN BACK OF BL-4 LAB
text: Gillispie, Robby, and Izzy are running out of options as
text: they converse with Lisa Aronson in San Jose, California,
text: on the speakerphone:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Could Jimbo Scott have deleated all
dialog: traces of an animal stored at your
dialog: facility?
speaker_heading: FELDER (V.O.)
dialog: Don't be absurd, he was a good
dialog: employee --
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Mr. Felder, don't take this
dialog: personally, but either you're a
dialog: horrible judge of character or the
dialog: world's in deep shit. Could Jimbo
dialog: Scott have erased all records on
dialog: an animal stored at your facility?
dialog: Yes or no?
text: Felder hesitates.
text: Suddenly Gillespie's WALKIE-TALKIE BEEPS:
speaker_heading: SALT (V.O.)
dialog: Colonel, come quick.
scene_heading: INT. BL-4 LAB
text: Robby, Mike and Izzy enter the animal lab and stop cold.
text: The brown rhesus is sitting up in his cage, weak but
text: eating some lettuce.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: He should be dead.
text: The last of the antiserum drips into the animal's arm.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: I gave him the antiserum.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: It doesn't work on people. It
dialog: shouldn't work on simians either.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: So how come it worked on this one?
text: Gillespie's mind is racing:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: He was infected with the first
dialog: strain, before it mutated.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: It still shouldn't work. This
dialog: Korean Filo4 doesn't cross-react
dialog: with the Motaba virus. We checked!
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Maybe it's not Korean Filo4.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: What else could it be?
text: Izzy leans against the wall; he's pale, feverish. The
text: others pay no attention.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: I need some air.
text: He takes a step, then starts seizing, his whole body
text: shaking in one convulsive wave after the next.
text: Gillespie, Robby and Wally rush over.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: (checking his pulse)
dialog: He's slowin' down. He's gonna
dialog: arrest.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Let's go. Now!
text: With extraordinary effort, he heaves Izzy over his back.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: CROWDED MOTABA WARD
text: Gillespie gently drops Izzy onto a hospital bed.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Ice, fluids, blood, oxygen...
dialog: Let's go!
text: Gillespie puts a probe in Berman's mouth, shudders when he
text: sees the reading.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: A hundred and eight. Ice... I
dialog: want ice... I mean now!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Wally runs in with ice, packs it around Berman's neck.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Open your eyes. Open your fuckin'
dialog: eyes, Izzy. Nobody's lettin' you
dialog: off so easy. Pressure?
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Comin' up.
text: A long, long beat. Berman slowly opens his eyes.
text: Gillespie smiles.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You were a hundred and eight. Not
dialog: too long... but long enough...
dialog: (an evil grin)
dialog: You musta lost a billion brain
dialog: cells.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Now I'm only as smart as you.
text: Gillespie grins.
text: Berman tries to smile. His lip twitches... uncontrolla-
text: bly. His whole body seizes.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: We need a line.
text: Robby flips Gillespie a catheter set. He looks for a
text: vein. Robby and Wally try to keep Izzy flat while
dialog: Gillespie works, but...
scene_heading: SLOW MOTION SHOT
text: Izzy's arm jerks free, pushing Mike's hand and the razor-
text: sharp needle right at Mike's other hand.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Watch out!
text: She shoves Mike's hand out of the path, but the needle
text: nicks her glove.
text: Mike and Wally are horrified.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Lemme see it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (yanks her hand away)
text: It didn't get past the outer glove.
dialog: (to Wally)
text: Hold him down.
text: Wally pins Izzy's arm down as Robby sticks in an IV and
text: injects medicine. Izzy stops seizing.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. SURGERY LOCKER ROOM
text: Robby, alone, peels back her triple-thick glove, and...
text: The second layer is cut, too! She rips off the second
dialog: layer and...
text: The third layer is cut, too! She pulls it off to reveal:
text: Her finger -- we see just the tiniest thin line of
text: crimson blood.
text: Terrified, she runs into...
scene_heading: SURGICAL SCRUB ROOM
text: and squeezes her finger, trying to expel any virus. She
text: pours iodine into the tiny wound and frantically scrubs,
text: as if her life depened on it. It does.
text: She turns at the sound of the DOOR OPENING. It's
dialog: Gillespie.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (anguished)
dialog: You took the hit for me... Why?
text: Tears fill her eyes. Her mouth opens. She can't talk.
text: Only a low moan of terror.
text: Gillespie cradles her head against his.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: PROP PLANE (07:45)
text: spraying over the forest outside Bonneville.
text: Huge wafts of smoke drift over the birch and pine forest
text: like a thick fog.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Hidden in the dense woods, Tommy Hull takes a slug of
text: whisky and watches the plane. Between him and the plane
text: are Armed Personnel carriers, their gas-masked personnel
text: unaffected by the poison. Tommy coughs.
text: He stands up on the hood of an old blue van and screams
text: at the troops.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: That's right. Kill us all. C'mon!
text: They can't hear him or see him. He finishes the last of
text: the bottle and climbs into...
scene_heading: HIS BEAT-UP VAN
text: We see on the floor a half dozen guns including a shotgun
text: and an AK-47. He STARTS the ENGINE and ROARS off.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: PERIMETER CHECKPOINT (08:00)
scene_heading: CHECKPOINT GUARD #1
dialog: I'm sorry, Colonel. You can't
dialog: proceed.
text: Gillespie's Jeep is blocked by THREE GUARDS armed with
dialog: M-1l6s.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Get the hell out of my way. I'm
dialog: going to see the General.
scene_heading: CHECKPOINT GUARD #1
dialog: Strict orders, sir. Anyone with
dialog: direct patient care is
dialog: contaminated.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: That's a load of crap. Get him on
dialog: the line, soldier. Now!
scene_heading: CHECKPOINT GUARD #1
dialog: (punches on the
dialog: radio)
dialog: Checkpoint three to base. Colonel
dialog: Gillespie to speak to General Ford.
text: Suddenly, Tommy Hull drives up and brakes to a stop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: CHECKPOINT GUARD #2
dialog: Go home.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You go home.
text: Before Guard #2 can react, Hull raises his SHOTGUN and
speaker_heading: FIRES.
text: Gillespie dives under the dashboard of his Jeep.
text: The other Guards react. Too late. Tommy Hull pulls an
text: AK-47 out from behind his seat and CHEWS them UP.
speaker_heading: The RADIO BLASTS:
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.O.)
dialog: Base to checkpoint three: what's
dialog: goin' on?
text: Tommy Hull FIRES the SHOTGUN again, ANNIHILATING the
text: RADIO. He ROARS ahead.
text: Gillespie races over to soldiers. They're dead. He looks
dialog: at...
text: The van, racing toward the crest of the hill. Suddenly,
text: from the other side of the hill:
text: Two Apache helicopters appear.
text: Hull sticks the AK-47 out the window and FIRES at the
text: choppers.
text: They keep coming.
text: Red sparks erupt from their bellies. HELLFIRES.
text: The VAN EXPLODES into tiny pieces.
text: Gillespie GUNS the JEEP toward the wreckage.
text: A Jeep driven by General Ford comes over the hill and
text: pulls up on...
scene_heading: OPPOSITE SIDE OF WRECKAGE
text: Ford and Gillespie both survey the charred remains of the
text: van. Both are appalled.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Ford says
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You had the antiserum to the
dialog: original African strain, you
dialog: could've made it available right
dialog: away. The virus would've never had
dialog: a chance to mutate. You could
dialog: have stopped this whole epidemic
dialog: before it got started. Why?
text: nothing. He stares at the wreckage as if some-
dialog: how he could find an answer there he himself believes.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: Then with
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Why?
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: It's so strange... You look at
dialog: these viruses under the electron
dialog: microscope... They're like... like
dialog: beautiful symmetrical crystals, so
dialog: cold, so pure. You think you're
text: looking at some fabulous piece of
text: sculpture behind a museum wall...
dialog: till you see the blood and people
dialog: dying all around you. I stopped
dialog: it once. I thought I could stop
dialog: it again.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You ordered the attack on Iwabi's
dialog: people in Africa?
text: Ford neither confirms nor denies the accusation.
text: sadness and remorse, Ford tells the truth:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: We had to ensure that we had the
text: only live samples of the virus.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Biowarfare research is illegal.
dialog: We signed a treaty...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: ... What do you know about the
dialog: real world, Gillespie? Even the
dialog: air you breathe is artificial. Why
dialog: do you think Saddam Hussein didn't
dialog: kill our boys with his anthrax and
dialog: his botulism and all the other crap
dialog: he created in his labs? 'Cause he
dialog: knew we had something worse --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Gillespie,
dialog: begins to
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -- One mad man --
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: -- Every fucking dictator of the
dialog: future's going to use biological
dialog: weapons that you can manufacture
text: cheap in a test tube with
dialog: technology you can buy at the
text: newsrack. Deterrence works.
text: horrified, steps away from his boss as he
dialog: understand the scope of the deception which he
dialog: has been the victim of.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: We spent years synthesizing an
dialog: antibody that worked with the
dialog: original African strain. We
dialog: assumed it would work with this
dialog: Bonneville strain. We gambled.
dialog: We lost. We can't afford to lose
dialog: again...
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: So you're going to wipe out this
dialog: entire town -- kill everyone in
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: The virus is going to reach the
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Take the people who are well and
dialog: get them out!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: If even one were sick, no matter
dialog: where we were, the disease would
dialog: start again.
dialog: Beat, Gillespie knows he's right.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Your only hope is to look for the
dialog: host.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I did -- for thirty years.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Let me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You might be contaminated.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I know I'm not.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: We have facilites to hold a few
dialog: people in quarantine. Get out
dialog: now. Take your team.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: Izzy is sick, Robby infected.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: Wipe out the town, wipe out Motaba.
dialog: And you're still the only one in
dialog: the world who's got the virus. No
dialog: Matter what, your program's
dialog: secure.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: That's not a consideration.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Bullshit!
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: BL-4 LAB - OFFICE (09:10)
text: Pages spit out of the fax. As WALLY gathers them up, we
dialog: see the cover page:
scene_heading: INSERT - COVER PAGE
dialog: From: Lisa Aronson, M.D.
dialog: To: Colonel Gillespie, M.D.
speaker_heading: RE: Biotest Animal Inventory
dialog: Mike -- Here is the list of every animal
dialog: imported by Biotest during the last six
dialog: months...
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Salt looks outside, worried:
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: SALT'S POV
text: A Black Hawk helicopter takes off. Soldiers gather
text: around a second Black Hawk and start to load their gear.
text: The BioWar Defense Unit is pulling out of the town.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: HOLD on Salt's face: scared.
text: Robby has as yet no sign of the fever. She and Gillespie
text: pour over the fax from Lisa Aronson.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: Colonel, we gotta go now.
text: Beat. Mike and Robby exchange a glance, knowing this may
dialog: be the last time they're together.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: No goodbyes. It's bad luck.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - ON GILLESPIE
text: desperately torn, not wanting to leave her.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I'm glad you were here.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL HELICOPTER LANDING AREA
text: Salt carries a decontamination unit on his back,
text: Gillespie a cellular phone and a black duffel bag as they
dialog: reach --
speaker_heading: BLACK HAWK
text: Where soldiers finish loading under the watchful eye of
scene_heading: SERGEANT MEYER.
scene_heading: SERGEANT MEYER
dialog: Atten-shun!
text: The soldiers salute Gillespie and Salt.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Sergeant, General Ford has ordered
dialog: us to decon all aircraft before
dialog: takeoff.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: SERGEANT MEYER
dialog: But we've been doing it at the
dialog: base, sir.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Vector transmission is increasing
dialog: and airborne contamination must be
dialog: minimized. Pretty soon, Sergeant,
dialog: even that suit won't protect you.
scene_heading: SERGEANT MEYER
dialog: (scared)
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Salt takes hold of Sergeant Meyer's walkie-talkie. The
text: Sergeant is puzzled by this but says nothing as Salt
text: sprays it thoroughly with disinfectant before handing it
text: back. He sprays the outside of the chopper, then moves
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: SERGEANT MEYER
dialog: The pilot is inside, sir!
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I'll get him out.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: OUTSIDE CHOPPER - SECONDS LATER
text: Sergeant Meyer reacts as the big rotor blades start to
text: turn. The chopper begins to rise:
scene_heading: SERGEANT MEYER
dialog: What the hell?
text: Sergeant Meyer reaches for his walkie-talkie, but it
text: won't work. He slams it down.
scene_heading: INT. CHOPPER - FLYING OVER COMMAND CENTER
text: The pilot, WARRANT OFFICER DETERICH barks into his radio:
scene_heading: WARRANT OFFICER DETERICH
dialog: Den mother, this is Naked Zulu.
text: Going to decon.
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.O.)
dialog: Roger, that, Naked Zulu.
text: PULL BACK to reveal Gillespie holding a gun against
text: Deterich's head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Nice and easy now.
text: The Black Hawk cruises over the camp, blending right in
text: with half-a-dozen other choppers going in all directions.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: COMMAND CENTER - FORD'S OFFICE
text: Sergeant Meyer stands nervously at attention, trying to
text: avoid the eyes of General McClintock, who's fit to be
dialog: tied.
text: In a rapidly moving DOLLY SHOT, McClintock leaves Meyer
text: and approaches General Ford, who is on the phone.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Your Colonel Gillespie has
dialog: commandeered one of our
dialog: helicopters.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON FORD
text: Just the hint of astonishment. Then he regains his usual
dialog: composure:
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Gillespie has become a vector of
dialog: the disease. Mobilize all
dialog: resources to find him.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ISOLATED STRETCH OF OREGON COAST (10:00)
text: Warrant Officer Deterich, dressed in underwear, huddles
text: against a huge rock. A pile of rations lie beside him.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: There's food and water for two
dialog: days. They'll find you by then.
text: Gillespie slips on Deterich's uniform, Salt pulls on
dialog: Gillespie's.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You never expected to make Colonel
dialog: this fast, did you, Salt?
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. BLACK HAWK
text: Hovering above Deterich. Salt opens the throttle; the
text: CHOPPER ROARS down the coast and Deterich becomes nothing
text: but a dot in a cove shut off by soaring cliffs on one
text: side and the ocean on the other.
text: Salt keeps the chopper just feet above the whitecaps.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Not bad for somebody who hasn't
dialog: flown in six years.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Seven. Want to see my loop-d-
dialog: loop?
text: He pulls the wheel, brining the nose up to a high angle
dialog: of attack.
text: Gillespie looks panicked. Salt levels out the chopper.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Just kidding, sir.
text: Gillespie studies the air map of the Pacific Ocean.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: Cut inland at Klamath River and
dialog: keep this mountain ridge between
dialog: us and Oregon.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: To San Jose, sir?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: No. Ford will anticipate that.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Lisa Aronson sent us all the
dialog: shipping records...
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: No, not all... Just the ones
dialog: Biotest had.
text: COMPUTER KEYS POUND.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: KLAMATH FALLS, OREGON -- 10:10
speaker_heading: TWO F-15 EAGLES
text: SCREAM down the runway and lift off. Within seconds,
dialog: more follow.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: EXT. ABOVE OREGON COASTAL FOREST
text: McClintock's Apache sweeps above the forest. The radar
text: screen indicates a return. McClintock picks up the radio:
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Portland regional, please
text: identify transponder 2CAW442.
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: TRAFFIC CONTROLLER (V.O.)
dialog: That's another light plane, number
dialog: 86221 Zebra, registered
dialog: Corvallis...
text: McClintock grimaces.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Where the hell's that A.W.A.C.S.?
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Sir, they're comin' from Oklahoma.
text: The radio crackles:
speaker_heading: F-15 PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: Got a low target sitting on the
text: coast. Going down for visual.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INSIDE BLACK HAWK HELICOPTER
text: Where Salt sees a blip on the radar screen.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Problems.
text: He pushes the wheel down, and the camouflaged-painted
text: chopper descends into a tight ravine between two rocks.
text: The blades whirl inches from disaster. Gillespie holds
text: his breath; so does Salt who tries to hold the Black Hawk
text: motionless. We hear a SONIC BOOM. The F-15 streaks
text: overhead.
text: Gillespie and Salt exchange a glance. Have they been
dialog: seen or not?
speaker_heading: F-15 PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: I've lost it. Possible bird
dialog: flock.
text: The plane turns inland. Gillespie and Salt breathe
dialog: again.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: INT. McCLINTOCK'S APACHE
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: General, Gillespie could now be
dialog: anywhere inside a thousand mile
dialog: radius, and if he's landed, we
dialog: got no way to track him.
text: INTERCUT the Command Center.
text: Ford is angry and frustrated.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You're Gillespie, you don't trust
dialog: the C.D.C., you don't trust
dialog: anybody... you'd want to look at
dialog: all the data yourself.
text: Ford turns to an aide, Lieutenant Richardson:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Issue an all-points bulletin to
dialog: every police department on the
dialog: West Coast. Start with San Jose.
dialog: Colonel Gillespie and Captain Salt
dialog: are armed, and assumed to be
dialog: contaminated until proven
dialog: otherwise...
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: FAX MACHINE
text: Photos of Gillespie and Salt roll into the reader,
dialog: then --
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BIOTEST ANIMAL FACILITY (SAN JOSE)
text: It is pouring RAIN. At first, everything looks normal.
dialog: Until we realize there aren't any people on the side-
text: walks. And no moving cars on the streets.
text: Snipers with .22 rifles and telescopic sights straddle
text: the rooftops.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: FEDERAL BUILDING - MAIN OFFICE - DAY (12:05PM)
text: A long line of people wait for a single clerk; it's lunch
dialog: hour.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Gillespie storms in and goes right to the front of the
text: line. The others glare. The clerk, ARMISTEAD, a 50-ish
text: man with long grey hair tied in a pony tail, continues to
text: help the lady in the front of the line.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: ARMISTEAD
dialog: Just a minute, soldier.
text: He continues helping the lady.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I am Warrant Officer Deterich of
dialog: the United States Army --
text: The NEXT PERSON in line reacts:
speaker_heading: NEXT PERSON
dialog: Hey -- end of the line, asshole --
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I just came from the site of the
dialog: virus epidemic in Oregon and you
dialog: will help me now!
text: Armistead's supervisor, MRS. PANAMIDES, comes out of her
text: office as the other persons waiting in line, fearful of
text: the dreaded Motaba Virus, edge away from Gillespie
dialog: rapidly.
scene_heading: MRS. PANAMIDES
dialog: What do you need?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Bills of lading for all ships which
dialog: arrived from Africa during the last
dialog: six months.
scene_heading: MRS. PANAMIDES
dialog: What are you looking for?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: An animal.
scene_heading: MRS. PANAMIDES
dialog: What kind of animal.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: INT. RECORD ROOM
text: A shaggy, sloppily dressed COMPUTER JOCK types.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER JOCK
dialog: Biotest is very methodical about
dialog: their paper work.
text: The printer spits out pages of animals. Gillespie cross-
text: checks them against the fax pages from Lisa. They match
dialog: perfectly.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER JOCK
dialog: That's it. Sorry.
text: Gillespie leans back: In despair. Not sure what to do
dialog: next.
text: A long beat. The Computer Jock walks over to the printer.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER JOCK
dialog: Damn! Jammed again!
text: He hits a reset button. One more page prints out.
text: At the top of the page: An entry that Lisa's list doesn't
text: have. Gillespie circles it in red.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: That's it. The Apeldoorn, a Dutch
dialog: freighter. One monkey. But what
dialog: kind of monkey?
speaker_heading: COMPUTER JOCK
dialog: There's no way to tell.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: climbing into the Black Hawk. The RAIN is much heavier
dialog: now.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. BLACK HAWK
text: as it rises off the rooftop of the Federal Building.
text: From this vantage, Gillespie and Salt can see a threat-—
text: ening rain storm sweeping in over the San Francisco Bay.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: I tried to radio. All static.
dialog: ‘Cause of the storm.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: So ‘cause of the storm, you want
dialog: me to fly twenty miles through a
dialog: gale and hover while I drop you on
dialog: board a ship at sea?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Sir, with all respect -- no fuckin'
dialog: chance.
text: Beat. Gillespie is dead serious.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: The storm won't break 'til
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Salt is torn.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: If you want, I could try to hover
dialog: and drop you on board.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: No way.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: PACIFIC OCEAN
text: The chopper fighting the gale, trying to find the ship in
text: the storm. The sky is so dark it's like night. RAIN
text: POUNDS the windshield; the wipers can't keep up.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Colonel, I couldn't find my
dialog: umbrella in this rain.
text: Despair. A long beat. Then: In the distance through
text: the mist, a red light flashes.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK HAWK
text: hovering above the Apeldoorn, riding rough on twenty-
text: foot swells. The winds rock the chopper.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Wally fights to hold it steady.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Ready for drop.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Speak for yourself.
text: On the deck of the Apeldoorn: Four crewmen hold tight
dialog: onto their lifelines and wait for --
text: Gillespie, who emerges from the belly of the chopper.
text: He hangs tight onto the winch, which strains in the wind,
text: thrusting Gillespie over the waves. One breaks on top
dialog: of him.
text: A crewman grabs the line with a hook and reels Gillespie
dialog: in.
scene_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
speaker_heading: FREEZER DOOR
dialog: opening. Gillespie isn't ready for this:
text: Frozen on a shelf, is Seaman Dieter Jans. Even under a
text: layer of ice, the yellow skin, blood streaking from his
text: nipples, and other signs of Motaba are all too clear.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: How long has it been since the
dialog: monkey was on the ship?
text: One of the seamen translates Gillespie's question to
text: the CAPTAIN in Dutch. The Captain answers in halting
dialog: English:
speaker_heading: DUTCH CAPTAIN
dialog: How long? Six days.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: When did Seaman Jans first get
dialog: sick?
speaker_heading: DUTCH CAPTAIN
dialog: Yesterday -- he is sick yesterday
text: night. He is dead early this
dialog: morning.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILLESPIE
text: alarmed. This is ominous information.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Captain, your ship will have to be
dialog: quarantined at sea. No one is to
dialog: go near this freezer. Do you
dialog: understand?
text: The Captain nods, overwhelmed by sudden fear.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Someone else must have seen the
dialog: monkey --
text: The First Mate steps forward. As he begins to jabber in
dialog: Dutch...
scene_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK HAWK
text: racing back to shore. Gillespie's on the cellular PHONE.
text: The storm fills the line with STATIC.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: The monkey was small, black and
dialog: white...
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: KINSHASA NATIONAL HOSPITAL, ZAIRE.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WARD - DR. IWABI
speaker_heading: DR. IWABI
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: A colobos monkey. The highways
dialog: have chased them deeper and
text: deeper into the jungle. But
text: there are still a few left.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Find as many as you can.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CDC WAR ROOM - DREW REYNOLDS
text: On the phone. Drew Reynolds listens with rapt attention.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE (V.O.)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: -- But you have to help me --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: -- I will do whatever they let me
dialog: do...
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE (V.O.)
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: If they implement the containment
dialog: plan --
text: Reynolds is angry, flustered -- terrified his worst
dialog: nightmare has come a reality.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: It's out of my hands!
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE (V.O.)
dialog: If we can find the host, we can
dialog: obtain an effective antibody
dialog: against the virus, and reproduce
dialog: it. We can present them with a
dialog: credible alternative...
text: Reynolds squeezes his tennis ball.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: My people have been doing
dialog: everything humanly possible
dialog: to help.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE (V.O.)
text: Drew, Robby's infected.
text: Reynolds squeezes his tennis ball tighter.
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: MOLALLA, OREGON - 14:45
scene_heading: EXT. PRE-SCHOOL
text: Four and five-year-olds play happily in a sandbox outside
text: their pre-school which borders the Columbia National
text: Forest. Their teacher, MRS. JEFFRIES, carefully watches
text: over them.
text: Betsy hides behind a nearby tree. She's hungry and can't
text: take her eyes off the half-eaten sandwiches lying in the
dialog: kids' snack boxes.
text: Sean is distracted by a glimpse of Betsy and spills his
text: juice all over Geneva.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GENEVA
dialog: You dodohead.
dialog: (breaking
dialog: into tears)
dialog: Mrs. Jeffries, look what Sean
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I didn't... mean to!
speaker_heading: MRS. JEFFRIES
dialog: (taking her by
dialog: the hand)
dialog: We'll clean you up right away.
dialog: (heads inside)
dialog: The rest of you come in, too.
dialog: 115.
text: All the children follow her except Sean, pouting. Betsy
text: runs up and starts gobbling a sandwich. Se
text: the monkey, then moves toward her:
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Hey, that's mine!
text: BETSY HISSES. Sean, scared, runs.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: A monkey stole my sandwich.
text: He points to the sandbox but there's no tra
text: Mrs. Jeffries kneels.
speaker_heading: MRS. JEFFRIES
dialog: There are no monkeys in this
dialog: forest, Sean. It's okay.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER (14:55)
text: Dr. Frankle paces nervously.
speaker_heading: DR. FRANKLE
dialog: The storm's blowin' up the coast
dialog: faster than we thought. That's a
dialog: problem. The wind's going to
dialog: hasten vector transmission and
dialog: the rain's going to absorb the
dialog: gas.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: an stares at
dialog: ce of Betsy.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DR. FRANKLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus Christ, Colonel, you'd have
dialog: to hit the town two, three times
dialog: to be sure you got everybody.
dialog: The thought of this troubles Ford deeply.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What time's that storm going to
dialog: hit?
text: Frankle wavers.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Goddammnit, you got every computer
dialog: in the world here, what time's it
dialog: comin'?
speaker_heading: DR. FRANKLE
dialog: Any time before dawn you should be
dialog: okay.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Then we go at midnight.
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYS POUND: SANTA ROSA, CALIFORNIA - 17:00
scene_heading: EXT. HELIPAD
text: In the pouring RAIN, the Black Hawk carrying Gillespie
text: and Salt lands on the helipad next to the television
dialog: station: WNER.
scene_heading: ON NEWSROOM SOUNDSTAGE
text: The ANCHORMAN looks grim:
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
dialog: The governor of Oregon this
dialog: morning extended the evacuation
text: zone another five miles.
scene_heading: INT. STATION LOBBY
text: The security guard watches the NEWSCAST: The governor of
text: Oregon is giving a press conference.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR (V.O.)
dialog: (on T.V.)
dialog: General Ford and the Army
dialog: physicians have assured me there
dialog: is no threat of spread of this
dialog: disease at the present time.
dialog: This is strictly a precautionary
dialog: measure...
speaker_heading: REPORTER FROM FLOOR (V.O.)
dialog: (on T.V.)
dialog: Why have all communications in and
dialog: out of Bonneville been cut off?
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR (V.O.)
dialog: (on T.V.)
dialog: There is apparently some kind of
dialog: computer malfunction in that
dialog: area...
text: The guard suddenly freezes.
text: Salt and Gillespie burst inside holding M-1l6s.
scene_heading: INSIDE NEWSROOM
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
text: In a related story, the Army has
dialog: released the names of two men who
dialog: escaped from Bonneville and are
dialog: infected with this virus.
text: The pictures of Gillespie and Salt fill the screen.
text: Suddenly there's a RUCKUS O.S. and the Anchorman gasps
text: as the security guard, hands held high, moves toward
text: the news desk.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Nobody move!
text: Gillespie sits down beside the Anchor. He shrinks back
text: as Gillespie leans over, grabs his lapel mike and pins
dialog: it on himself.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I am not infected.
text: One of the two cameramen backs away from his camera and
text: bolts toward the door. Salt points the gun at him, but
text: doesn't pull the trigger. More and more people stampede
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Shake it, Colonel!
text: Gillespie talks into the camera with the red light on.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: We need help to find the animal
text: carrying the Motaba Virus. It is
text: a small black and white monkey and
dialog: it was brought to Northern
dialog: California or Oregon within the
dialog: last two weeks. If you have any
dialog: information about this monkey,
dialog: please call this number at the
dialog: c.D.Cc. in Atlanta.
text: He holds up a crude sign with the numbers
dialog: "1-800-888-0000."
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Many people are going to die.
dialog: This is their only chance.
dialog: Please... Help us...
text: Gillespie bolts up. He and Salt run out of the newsroom.
scene_heading: FADE UP POLICE SIRENS and --
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STATION - HALF-A-DOZEN POLICE CARS
dialog: pull up to the station, but --
text: The Black Hawk is half a mile away, running full-
text: throttle.
text: The OFFICER in the lead car grabs his radio.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (into radio)
text: Suspects heading northwest...
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER - FORD'S OFFICE
text: Ford and McClintock watch Bernard Shaw on CNN. Behind
text: them we see the computerized map of the quarantine area.
text: The red perimeter is within one mile of the Columbia
text: River. The clock reads: 17:12.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BERNARD SHAW (V.O.)
dialog: (on T.V)
dialog: Colonel Gillespie's action --
dialog: commandeering this news room at a
dialog: California television station in
dialog: order to get his message out --
dialog: raises troubling questions about
dialog: what is really going on inside the
dialog: quarantine area.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Great, now we've got the whole
dialog: fucking world watching. You
dialog: should've locked him up when we
dialog: got here. People'll be calling
dialog: Washington... The President won't
dialog: be able to make up his mind, and
dialog: the whole fucking planet will go.
text: Outside, it's starting to SPRINKLE.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: PRE-SCHOOL CLASSROOM (MOLALLA, OREGON)
text: Empty except for Mrs. Jeffries who's cleaning up. A pile
text: of paintings. One is of an enormous black and white
text: monkey towering menacingly over a little stick figure.
text: Mrs. Jeffries smiles.
scene_heading: INT. PRE-SCHOOL OFFICE (17:45)
text: Other staff idly watching the NEWS. Mrs. Jeffries enters
text: and grabs a cup of coffee.
text: On TV, we see the face of Mike Gillespie, and we hear
dialog: the tail end of his plea:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE (V.O.)
dialog: (on T.V.)
dialog: If you have any information about
dialog: this monkey, please call...
text: HOLD ON Mrs. Jeffries' face.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: BLACK HAWK (POURING RAIN) (18:50)
text: flying low over the redwoods of Northern California.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Gillespie clicks off the phone. Salt is dumbfounded:
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: I'm gonna fly into the heaviest
dialog: radar surveillance on Earth on
dialog: account of something that might
dialog: have been seen by a toddler?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: We know that Jimbo Scott took an
dialog: animal up to Bonneville to sell.
dialog: This place, Molalla, would be
text: right on the way to the airport.
text: Gillespie studies the map.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: To get back up there we're gonna
dialog: haveta fly through everything the
dialog: Air Force has got. Are you
dialog: feelin' lucky, Captain?
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Luck ain't gonna be enough.
text: Salt pushes the wheel down, until the Black Hawk is just
text: a few feet above the tall redwood trees. He veers to
dialog: avoid --
text: A particularly tall redwood -- and misses it by inches,
text: whacking off a few of its upper branches with the rotor
dialog: blades.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: ‘Course -- a little luck won't
dialog: hurt us any.
text: He and Gillespie exchange a tense, worried glance. That
dialog: was close.
text: As the chopper skims low over the redwoods --
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: AWACS PLANE (AT 10,000 FEET)
text: cruising high above the clouds which now blanket the
text: terrain below.
scene_heading: INT. AWACS PLANE
text: Inside, the RADAR OPERATORS scan. They're pissed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RADAR OPERATOR
dialog: Where the hell did it go?
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: BLACK HAWK (DIRECTLY BELOW ON INTERSTATE 5)
text: flies just thirty feet above the freeway, at the same
text: speed as the traffic. The Black Hawk's RADAR DETECTOR
text: SQUAWKS each time the AWACS radar scans it, every two
dialog: seconds.
scene_heading: INSIDE BLACK HAWK
text: Salt flies anxiously. One moment of inattention could
text: bring the Black Hawk down on top of one of the cars on
dialog: the freeway.
speaker_heading: SALT
text: It moves like a truck, it reflects
dialog: radar like a truck, but guess what?
dialog: It ain't a truck.
text: ON INTERSTATE BELOW BLACK HAWK
text: An IRATE DRIVER is watching Salt and yelling into his
dialog: cellular phone:
speaker_heading: IRATE DRIVER
dialog: That's right, Sheriff -- flying
dialog: too Goddamn low --
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER (19:05)
text: Ford hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: We got him!
text: McClintock smiles, grabs his flight helmet and races --
scene_heading: EXT. COMMAND CENTER
text: His squadron of Apaches takes off. A FAX MACHINE WHINES
dialog: O.S.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER
text: Ford scans the fax.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The other officers in the room grow silent as they see
text: his face grow grim and serious.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Gentlemen, I have in my hand the
dialog: final authorization to proceed,
dialog: signed by the President. I know
dialog: that each of us has doubts about
dialog: what we are about to do. It is
dialog: only human to have doubts when you
dialog: are commanded to take the lives of
dialog: other human beings. Remember your
dialog: wives, remember your children...
dialog: they will all get the disease and
dialog: die if we let fear govern our
dialog: hearts. We are doing what is
dialog: right, and what the nation
dialog: requires of us.
text: PAN ACROSS the grim faces.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I expect each man to do his duty.
dialog: I know you won't fail.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK HAWK (19:20)
text: Gillespie standing beside the open door aiming an
text: infrared heat-sensing device down at the forest which is
text: so thick with trees you can only rarely catch glimpses of
text: the forest floor.
scene_heading: ON COMPUTER MONITOR
text: Swirls of colors -- like gases moving on the surface of
text: the sun -- diffuse across the screen. Gradually, we see
text: that one bright red band is moving faster than the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: SALT (0.S.)
dialog: The monkey!
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE (0.S.)
dialog: No, it's moving too fast.
scene_heading: FOREST BELOW
text: A deer scurries across a clearing.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: DISCOVER Betsy: Only a few hundred feet away from the
text: deer. Afraid of man and his loud machines, she runs
text: deeper into the forest, hiding herself under the branches
dialog: of trees.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: picks up another swirl of red on the infra-red sensing
text: device. He points to it.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Circle in.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: OPEN WIDE to show the chopper moving in a tight circle.
speaker_heading: BETSY
text: hearing the ROAR of the CHOPPER LOUDER AND LOUDER,
text: scurries up a tree and tries to hide.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: stares at the monitor. A faint red band appears in the
text: corner of the screen, then disappears.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Starboard!
text: The chopper veers to the right and the red band glows
text: brighter and brighter.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Lock!
text: The chopper hovers, then starts to descend straight down.
text: Gillespie looks through binoculars at:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE'S POV
text: Nothing but trees... trees... more trees... Stop! A patch
text: of black and white. A pair of frightened eyes.
text: Betsy hisses at the terrifying monster.
dialog: 124.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: Drive her down! She falls from
dialog: that height, she'll bleed out.
text: Gillespie jams cartridges containing turquoise liquid
text: into the M-16. He FIRES. The bullets land above Betsy.
text: She jumps onto a lower branch. The bullets keep coming.
text: She jumps onto:
speaker_heading: ON GROUND
text: Gillespie FIRES. Misses. The blue liquid splatters
text: against a tree trunk.
speaker_heading: BETSY
text: caught in the open, darts toward a thick patch of trees --
text: safety. She's only a step away.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: FIRES again.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BETSY - SLOW MOTION SHOT
text: Betsy's hit. She spins, grabbing her arm in pain, then
text: gets up. Tries to make it to the next tree. Goes down
text: on one knee. Then the other. She reaches out. Cries
text: for freedom. Then collapses.
text: As Gillespie lowers himself out the door --
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: HORIZON
text: The Apaches approaching fast.
scene_heading: INT. CHOPPER
text: Gillespie stows Betsy in the back. Salt sees the
text: glistening lights of the Apaches.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Up! Fast!
text: Salt yanks the wheel back. The Black Hawk starts
dialog: climbing.
text: The Apaches quickly surround it. INTERCUT:
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: COMMAND CENTER - LEAD APACHE
text: on a radar screen, Ford can see Gillespie's chopper and the
text: Apaches. He and Gillespie and McClintock converse through
dialog: their radios:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Give me the monkey, Mike.
text: The Black Hawk climbs higher and higher, through the thick
text: layer of clouds, now absolutely black in the darkness of
dialog: the night.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: If the antibodies work, we'd have
dialog: a way to stop the epidemic by
dialog: medical means --
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: -- We have no way to produce them
dialog: in quantity --
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -- Dr. Iwabi --
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: There's no time for that now.
text: In the lead Apache, snipers lean out the window. Their
text: telescopic sights lock on Gillespie and Salt.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Give me an order to fire, sir. We
dialog: don't need the monkey.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You do. Because if you fail to
dialog: contain the virus, you're going
dialog: to be racing to synthesize an
dialog: antiserum. How long did it take
dialog: you to do the last one? A year?
dialog: Two years? Five?
text: Ford's torn.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: If the monkey's antibody is
dialog: effective, you could use it as
dialog: a template. Maybe you could
dialog: save Europe.
text: Ford hesitates.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Sir, let me --
text: The Black Hawk blasts through the cloud cover and emerges:
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: ABOVE CLOUDS - NIGHT
text: A full moon illuminates the Black Hawk.
text: The Apaches burst through the clouds, too.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK HAWK
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Fire away! Nothing's going to
dialog: survive the crash.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON FORD
text: a long beat. Gillespie's got him.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You've got until midnight, Mike.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: FOREST SURROUNDING TOWN
text: The forest looks dark and primeval in the damp night. The
text: sounds of BIRD CALLS and CRICKETS CHIRPING can be heard in
dialog: the background. This is what a biological meltdown looks
text: like -- nothing at all. Then suddenly a deer drops to
text: its knees, stricken with the Motaba Virus. It struggles
text: to rise, but fails. The deer keels over, barely
dialog: breathing.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: OUTSIDE QUARANTINE PERIMETER - STAGING AREA
text: Large canisters of deadly nerve gas are loaded onto
text: Chinook helicopters. The canisters are clearly marked
text: with the skull-and-crossbones for "poison" and big red
text: "CAUTION!" labels.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: HOSPITAL HELIPORT - BLACK HAWK
dialog: settling down.
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: HOSPITAL LAB
text: Tubes run from Betsy to a blood separator as Salt works
text: feverishly to separate the antibodies out. As the
text: centrifuge spins faster and faster --
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - GILLESPIE
text: moving rapidly past the patients 'til he gets to:
speaker_heading: IZZY'S ROOM
text: Gillespie's alarmed. Izzy looks terrible, his voice a
dialog: whisper:
speaker_heading: IZZY BERMAN
dialog: Mike... I know you never liked
dialog: my name.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: IZZY BERMAN
dialog: My nickname -- Izzy. You never
dialog: really liked it.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I like it all right.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: It's okay, 'cause from now on you
dialog: can call me Hurricane.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I like it.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Good, ‘cause I'm giving you a new
dialog: name, too. Guess what it is?
text: Izzy's lips go dusky, his breathing only short gasps.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: IZZY
dialog: Guess.
text: Gillespie's voice breaks:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I can't.
text: Izzy's dead. Tears stream down Gillespie's cheeks.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: ROBBY'S ROOM
text: She's lying in a bed, her face flush with fever, her skin
text: covered with the rash. She's just barely conscious enough
text: to see him at the door, watching her.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I'm scared. So scared.
text: He comes toward her.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: No false hope. No games.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You can't give up.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Just be with me.
text: He cups her hands in his gloved hand.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: How's Izzy?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: He's gonna be okay. You're both
dialog: going to be okay.
text: Her eyes start to close. Gillespie, horrified, shakes
dialog: her:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Stay with me! Fight!
text: She half opens her eyes, her voice a murmur.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Hold... me.
text: He puts his arms around her. Screams into helmet radio:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Salt, where the hell are you?
dialog: Salt, answer me!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: No response. A long beat. Then Gillespie... with more
dialog: tenderness than we've ever seen:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Remember the first time we made
dialog: love? In France. Behind the
dialog: haystack. And we were so worried
dialog: that the little boy on the bicycle
dialog: might see us.
text: She smiles, remembering.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I never felt anything except with
dialog: you, Robby. I was so stupid to
text: let it slip away.
text: She closes her eyes. A cry of anguish:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Salt!
text: Beat. Then Salt appears in the doorway holding a large
text: plastic bag of Betsy's antiserum.
text: Gillespie connects it to Robby's IV and the brown fluid
text: flows into Robby. Gillespie sits down beside her. A
text: long beat. Then he does:
text: Something crazy. He removes the glove from his biosafety
text: suit so that his own bare hand can touch Robby's skin.
text: He touches her face gently.
text: HOLD ON Gillespie, sitting beside his wife's bed, holding
text: her hand.
scene_heading: EXT. QUARANTINE PERIMETER - NIGHT
text: Massive Chinook HELICOPTERS RUMBLE over the staging area,
text: loaded down by the weight of the nerve gas they carry in
text: their bellies and the spray rigs which protrude on both
text: sides of the fuselage.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: ROBBY'S ROOM
text: The wall clock declares 11:30. Robby's still comatose.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I was wrong. The antiserum doesn't
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Salt shares his despair.
text: A long beat. Gillespie hands Salt a paper.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Take this. A signed declaration
dialog: by me that at all times you were
dialog: following my orders -- Now get
dialog: out of here.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: -- No, sir.
dialog: Gillespie's moved:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You'll be the only person left
dialog: alive who knows the truth --
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: -- But, sir --
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: -- You will leave! You will not
text: disobey an order.
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: (very emotionally)
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - EXT. COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT (23:45)
dialog: A)
dialog: B)
dialog: c)
dialog: D)
dialog: E)
text: In the pouring RAIN, Ford surveys the vast
dialog: machine he's assembled:
text: Soldiers in Chemwar gear pile boxes of body bags
dialog: into trucks.
text: Tractor drivers REV their ENGINES and THUNDER
text: forward to the front line of Chinooks carrying
dialog: the poison gas.
text: Corpsmen check their watches and flash their
text: signal lights.
text: The CHINOOKS THUNDER into the air.
speaker_heading: FORD
text: All the parts move with such precision he should be proud.
text: But he's deeply troubled. He moves:
dialog: 131.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER
text: BUZZING with activity. Dr. Frankle and McClintock stand
text: beside the computerized map of the quarantine area which
text: shows the red perimeter is within a half mile of the
text: Columbia River. The clock reads 23:47. The RADIO
text: CRACKLES with a Louisiana drawl from the Squadron
dialog: Commander of the nerve gas team; we'll know him as
dialog: Sandman One.
speaker_heading: SANDMAN ONE (V.O.)
dialog: General, we got a problem. It's
dialog: rainin' pitchforks up heah. The
dialog: damn rain will dilute it down,
dialog: barely be strong enough to kill a
dialog: cat.
dialog: Frankle's troubled too:
speaker_heading: DR. FRANKLE
dialog: He's right.
text: Ford agonizes.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: To implement the plan and to kill
dialog: only a portion of the population...
dialog: That would cause great harm and
dialog: solve nothing.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Sir!! The nerve gas rapidly loses
dialog: its potency after it's mixed. The
dialog: choppers have got enough to make
dialog: two runs. The virus is a quarter
dialog: mile from the river. You've got
dialog: to go forward.
text: Ford wavers. He grabs the radio mike:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Stand down!! Return your squadron
dialog: to base and stand down until you
dialog: receive further orders.
speaker_heading: SANDMAN ONE (V.O.)
text: Acknowledge. Return to base.
dialog: Ford moves into:
scene_heading: HIS PRIVATE OFFICE
text: a highly secure area, sound-proofed for top-secret commu-
text: nications. McClintock follows him in and slams the door
text: shut. They're completely alone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: How are you going to stop the
dialog: virus from reaching the river?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Napalm everything from the town
dialog: outward.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: In the rain, the napalm will burn
text: unevenly.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'll take that chance.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: The virus will escape and we'll
dialog: have to use nuclear weapons to
dialog: sterlize the area.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I gave you my orders.
dialog: Beat. Then quietly:
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Let's say the antiserum did work,
dialog: General. You'd bus out the people,
dialog: move ‘em somewhere, and treat 'em.
dialog: And with luck some of them would
dialog: live. But it's not going to work
dialog: and in the meantime you don't
dialog: understand what you've done.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I understand perfectly.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: No, you don't. We can't fool the
dialog: media forever. They'll ask
dialog: questions... there'll be
dialog: inquiries... What we did was
dialog: important. What we did was right,
dialog: sir.
text: A long beat. Ford knows he's ruined either way he turns.
text: McClintock's despair is deep and profound.
dialog: Ford feels sorry for him, but:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm sorry, but my decision stands.
dialog: If there is any hope of avoiding
dialog: this horrible contingency, I've
dialog: got to...
text: McClintock has slowly drawn his belt out of his trousers.
text: He quickly throws it around Ford's neck, crosses it, and
text: pulls violently on the two ends. Ford kicks and
text: struggles, but he's no match for McClintock's strength.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: I am relieving you of command on
dialog: the basis of cowardice in the face
dialog: of a national emergency.
text: Ford's dead. McClintock lays him out on the floor. Opens
text: the door and screams into the main room.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Help!
text: He starts doing CPR as aides rush in.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Call the medics quickly. The
dialog: General's had a heart attack.
text: One aide grabs the phone and calls the medics. Two more
text: take over CPR. McClintock straightens his shirt and moves
dialog: back into:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: I am assuming command under the
dialog: authority of the Secretary of
dialog: Defense.
text: PAN AROUND the room: Faces of uncertainty and fear.
text: McClintock grabs the radio mike:
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Sandman One, this is General
dialog: McClintock. You are to proceed
dialog: with nerve gas dispersal. You
dialog: will make two runs.
scene_heading: INT. LEAD CHOPPER - ON SANDMAN ONE
text: He shares a look of concern with his co-pilot.
dialog: 134.
text: BACK TO COMMAND CENTER
text: A long beat. Then:
speaker_heading: SANDMAN ONE (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMMAND CENTER
text: Salt drives up in a Jeep. Immediately he's surrounded by
text: MP's, and taken into custody.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROBBY'S ROOM
text: Gillespie stares out the window at the rain. Just visible
text: in the distance: The blue and red lights of the
text: approaching Chinooks.
text: He moves back toward Robby, still comatose. The bag of
text: Betsy's antiserum is empty.
text: He reaches for Robby's hand. Her finger twitches. Beat.
text: Her eyes open.
dialog: Cut TO:
speaker_heading: NURSING STATION
text: Gillespie grabs one phone. The line's dead. He grabs
text: another. Dead. He throws it aside. Races to the window.
text: The choppers' lights burn brighter.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Stop!
text: But nobody's listening. He runs down the hall screaming.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER
speaker_heading: SANDMAN ONE (V.O.)
dialog: General McClintock, we are ready
dialog: to commence phase one.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Proceed.
dialog: 135.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON YOUNG MAJOR
text: agonizing. He leaves his post.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAJOR
dialog: Sir, General Ford ordered --
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Sit down, Major, or I will have
dialog: you arrested.
text: The Young Major hesitates. McClintock draws his pistol.
text: Salt enters, escorted by two MP's. The MP's survey the
text: situation, with the General facing off against a young
dialog: Major. What the hell is going on?
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL HELIPORT - GILLESPIE
text: races for the Black Hawk. Throws the door open and grabs
text: the RADIO. A beat, then it FLICKERS to life.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER
text: Gillespie's voice rings out over the radio:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE (V.O.)
dialog: Stop! The antiserum works.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Turn it off!
text: The radioman hesitates.
text: INTERCUT Sandman One in his chopper.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE (V.O.)
dialog: This is Colonel Gillespie. And I'm
dialog: ordering you... begging you... to
dialog: stop. We can save these people.
text: McClintock punches off the radio.
scene_heading: ON FACES OF OFFICERS
text: in the room, wavering.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 136.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: You do this, every night for the
dialog: rest of your life you will wake
text: up screaming.
text: INTERCUT Sandman One. A long beat.
speaker_heading: SANDMAN ONE
dialog: This is Sandman One... we are
text: returning to base.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: You will be shot for dereliction
dialog: of duty in a national crisis. Do
dialog: you understand?
text: Sandman One doesn't answer. McClintock turns to the
dialog: Young Major.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: Order him to proceed.
text: The Young Major hesitates. McClintock points the gun at
text: his head. The Young Major trembles, but shakes his head
dialog: "no."
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: No!
text: McClintock turns the gun to Salt.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAJOR
dialog: No, sir... Please.
speaker_heading: McCLINTOCK
dialog: I cannot allow a catastrophe to
dialog: occur --
text: He puts the PISTOL into his own mouth and PULLS the
speaker_heading: TRIGGER.
text: Dead silence. Then:
speaker_heading: SALT
dialog: (to the Young Major)
dialog: As the ranking officer, you are
dialog: in command...
dialog: (punching on the
dialog: radio)
dialog: Until --
dialog: 137.
speaker_heading: AT BLACK HAWK
text: Gillespie has heard this entire action on the radio.
speaker_heading: SALT (V.O.)
text: Colonel Gillespie gets here.
text: Gillespie pulls his coat up over his head to shield
text: himself from the driving RAIN and begins to run toward
text: the quarantine perimeter.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BONNEVILLE GENERAL HOSPITAL - NIGHT (03:00)
text: The rain has stopped, as if for a brief moment man's
text: battle with nature has been suspended. Buses loaded
dialog: with the townspeople of Bonneville pass by. We
dialog: recognize the Police Chief, Tommy Hulls' wife and
text: children, Sherry Templeton's kids. All the windows
text: and doors of the buses have been sealed with tape.
text: TRACK PAST Betsy being loaded into the back of a van TO:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: pushing Robby on her gurney into an Army truck. He
text: seals the back tight with tape. Then climbs inside:
speaker_heading: CAB
text: Salt turns the key and the ENGINE ROARS to life.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBIA RIVER - NIGHT (03:10)
text: Eerie silence. A PLANE CRUISES over the forest on the
text: Bonneville side. A waxy grey cloud fills the air. One
text: second. Two seconds. The forest erupts in a wall of
dialog: fire.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
text: CONVOY OF TRUCKS AND BUSES
text: heading out of town. The fire burns in the b.g.
text: As the end of the convoy leaves the town, PLANES ROAR by.
text: As they drop a waxy grey cloud over the town of
dialog: Bonneville --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 138.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: A C-5A transport gliding to a landing on a runway carved
text: out of the desert.
text: Waiting anxiously for the plane to disembark:
text: Wally, Mike, and Robby, in a wheelchair. They move
text: forward to greet the small African man who emerges from
text: the plane. Dr. Iwabi smiles and quickens his pace.
text: The cargo hold doors open to reveal cage after cage of
dialog: Colobos monkeys.
scene_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
text: COMPUTER KEYS POUND; the letters leap ACROSS the SCREEN:
dialog: November 21 -- the CDC announced that no evidence of
dialog: aquatic spread of the Motaba Virus had ever been obtained,
dialog: and that its intensive monitoring of the Columbia River
dialog: would be scaled back.
dialog: March 14 -- researchers at the University of San
dialog: Francisco announced the production of the first synthetic
dialog: antibodies effective against the mutated Motaba Bonneville
dialog: strain. Mass production of the antibodies began four
text: weeks later at the CDC and at the Military Disease
dialog: Institute.
dialog: May 12 -- Dr. Roberta Keough and General Michael Gillespie
dialog: were married for the second time.
scene_heading: ROLL CREDITS and --
scene_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DUGWAY (UTAH) - DUSK
text: A gila monster hunts for prey, its eye darting back and
text: forth, its tongue twitching hungrily. It moves past:
text: The barbed-wire fence emblazoned with the sign warning:
scene_heading: "U.S. MILITARY PROPERTY: TRESPASSING STRICTLY
dialog: PROHIBITED."
text: Behind the fence the duplexes are dark and abandoned.
text: The gila monster catches a fly and disappears into the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
