dialog: Faitsies iC scat
speaker_heading: etn dR TERESA AE Stn ine
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: —_—
dialog: 
dialog: late
speaker_heading: "OUTLAND"
dialog: by
speaker_heading: PETER HYAMS
dialog: Copyright October 1979
speaker_heading: Registered WGAW
speaker_heading: REVISED
text: March W7th. 318849.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GANYMEDE
dialog: Fourth moon of Jupiter.
dialog: Radius--566 miles
dialog: Distance from Jupiter--642,000 miles
dialog: Surface gravity~- .14 Earth gravity (1/7)
dialog: Distance from Space Station--70 hours
dialog: Frequency of Shuttle--Once per week
speaker_heading: MINE OPERATION
dialog: Designation-~Con-Amalgamate 7/ 27
dialog: Principal ore--Titanium
dialog: Franchised to Con~Amalgamate by
dialog: League of Industrialized Nations
dialog: Personnel--2,144
dialog: 1250 labor
dialog: 714 support
dialog: 180 Administration and Maintenance
dialog: Dependents~~Administration level 4 and above
dialog: Length of tour--l year
dialog: Security--Federal District Marshal
scene_heading: TUESDAY, 4:15 P.M, lL.
scene_heading: EXT. GANYMEDE
text: Jupiter dominates the horizon...a titanic yellow-~
text: orange mass, covering most of the sky. Standing
dialog: on Ganymede...you have to look almost directly
dialog: upwards to see Jupiter's polar cap. :
text: The red spot swirls near the middle...like a giant
text: furious sore. Bands of colors stretch dcross the
dialog: surface...and bleed into one another. ..giving
dialog: warning of the violence that is occurring on the
dialog: surface.
dialog: You see this terrible, gaseous warfare going on...
dialog: and there is no noise. You know that there are
dialog: sounds down there that you don't ever want to hear.
dialog: Most of all, however, it is the sheer size of
text: Jupiter. It looms so enormous in the sky...that
dialog: you can feel its gravity. You sometimes are afraid
dialog: to jump from Ganymede's surface...afraid that you
dialog: will be sucked into Jupiter's pull...and be drawn
dialog: closer and closer...and then you will hear what it
dialog: really sounds like...and then you will be swallowed.
dialog: That is a fairly common phenomenon on Ganymede. It
dialog: is quite similar to the kind of disorientation skin
dialog: divers can experience. Most of the workers lose
dialog: their sense of up and down for a while...simply
dialog: because of the constant sight of Jupiter in the sky...
dialog: making them feel that they are going to fall inward,
dialog: rather than down.
text: They soon get over it.
text: The mine scales the sheer wall of the crater. The
text: platform glistens in the harsh half light from the low
text: sun. It contains a series of angular structures.
text: They are connected by what look like plastic vacuum
dialog: hoses...which are passageways.
text: The sunlight is almost always from the horizon...
text: causing elongated shadows. It kicks up brilliant pin
text: spots of white glare on the platform. There is an
dialog: overwhelming quality of impermanence to these
text: structures. The effect is almost like Dodge City in
dialog: the 1870's...this small temporary settlement of ugly
text: buildings...broiling in the sunlight, and freezing
dialog: in the shadow. . -
text: The scaffolding is orange oxidized metal...and it
text: stretches more than 200 feet down the inside wall of
text: the crater. The lower 100 feet are in total darkness..
dialog: Revised 12.5.80,
dialog: 2.
dialog: Continued. l.
dialog: and the men use brilliant work lights...which cast
text: bizarre shafts of yellow-white on the face of the
dialog: wall.
text: The mining equipment is all oversized. Gargantuan
text: yellow cranes on thick treads, crawl around the rin.
text: Pumps and generators pulsate in a web of intake and
text: outflow pipes that stretch from the crater to the
text: storage silos. It all looks like it was made by
dialog: Matell.
text: The workers wear color-coded environment suits. The
text: workers in the crater wear yellow. Equipment drivers
dialog: wear red. Maintenance personnel wear blue. Manage-
text: ment wear white. The suits are equipped with oxygen
dialog: tanks and heating units. Everyone has their name
text: stenciled on the left breast pocket.
text: All of the workers in the crater have safety tethers...
text: stretching from the scaffolding. Since there is one-
dialog: sixth gravity...men can float from one level to
text: another by a slight push. The only sounds we hear
text: are the constant crackling of static...and sporadic
text: dialogue...heard through the intercom systems.
text: We are on the ninth level of the scaffold. A line of
text: men are using electric arcs to cut into the rock. The
dialog: ninth level is in shadow...so the men are in the hot
text: pool of yellow work light. The harsh white sunlight
text: is streaking the upper part of the crater in the
dialog: background.
text: One of the men pushes off his platform...and floats
text: upward. It looks like everybody is under water.
speaker_heading: WALTERS
dialog: No way. I told them no way
dialog: they're gonna bring an
text: automated vacuum loader here.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: When they installed them on
dialog: 14 and 23, they said it was
dialog: just a temporary experiment.
dialog: Well...they're still in there.
dialog: That's some temporary if you
dialog: ask me. Hand me that connector,
dialog: will you?
text: Walters places a thin metal object in Hughes’ glove.
dialog: We can see that both men are perspiring...causing
text: their face plates to fog up.
dialog: Ll.
dialog: Continued.
dialog: Revised 12.5.80.
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: WALTERS
dialog: What about Wootton? He's the
dialog: shop steward...what did he say?
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: I'll tell you whet he said...
dialog: zip. That's what he said...
dialog: total zip.
speaker_heading: WALTERS
dialog: They're always trying to pull
dialog: something. Like they don't
dialog: make enough dough already...
dialog: they have to try to keep
dialog: cutting corners.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: Yeah, well it's a bunch of
dialog: crap. They got 7 worker
dialog: shifts on 14 and 23, ever
dialog: since they installed those
dialog: loaders. You read the by-laws.
dialog: 8 workers for each shift...in
dialog: black and white...that'’s what
dialog: it says. 8 workers.
speaker_heading: WALTERS
dialog: They want to get cute...we can
dialog: get cute too, I'm gonna tell
dialog: Wooton I want a meeting.
dialog: Maybe we need a new shop steward.
dialog: By-laws are by-laws. Jesus...
dialog: can't they regulate these suits...
dialog: minus a hundred seventy Goddam
dialog: degrees here...and we broil our
text: asses off.
text: A third man,..Tarlow...is working by himself...near
text: Hughes and Walters. Tarlow has stopped drilling...
text: and is putting his arc down.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: Where's your other suit?
speaker_heading: WALTERS
text: In the shop.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: Put some mylar over the
dialog: sensor. It does something
dialog: to the heating coil...and
dialog: you stay cooler,
dialog: i. Continued.
dialog: Revised 12,.5.80.
dialog: 3A.
speaker_heading: WALTERS
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: No, moron...I just made it
dialog: up. Yeah, it works...most
dialog: of the guys do it,
speaker_heading: TARLOW
dialog: (shivering)
dialog: Oh!...I hate spiders!
text: Tarlow starts to stamp on the scaffolding metal platform...
text: as if he is trying to kill a spider.
dialog: Tarlow is
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: 8 workers for 8 jobs. That's
dialog: the contract.
speaker_heading: WALTERS
dialog: Well maybe our shop steward
dialog: should read the contract...
dialog: Hey Tarlow...what's eating you?
text: stamping furiously on the floor.
speaker_heading: TARLOW
dialog: Kill it! Kill itt
dialog: PACE 4.
speaker_heading: SCENE NUMBER 1.
dialog: 1.
dialog: Continued.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: Kill what?
speaker_heading: TARLOW
dialog: Oh God...I hate spiders!
speaker_heading: WALTERS
dialog: You shitting us?
speaker_heading: TARLOW
dialog: Oh! God! Get it off my
dialog: leg! Get it off!
text: Tarlow is flailing at his suit leg...pounding away at
dialog: the spider that we can't see.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: Tarlow...what's the matter
dialog: with you? Get what off?
speaker_heading: / TARLOW
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Spider! Please help me!
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: Spider? Have you popped
dialog: your cork? How can there
dialog: be a spider here. There's
dialog: nothin' alive here.
speaker_heading: WALTERS
dialog: He's putting us on.
text: Tarlow writhes backwards...slapping at his chest now.
speaker_heading: TARLOW
dialog: Goooddddddddddddd! Get it
dialog: ooooffffffifffffffffrffre!
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: very funny Tarlow. We're
dialog: not fallin' for nothin’.
dialog: Cut the garbage and get back
dialog: to work.
text: Tarlow grabs at the base of his helmet...near his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: TARLOW
dialog: It's getting inside!!!!
dialog: It's getting inside!
dialog: 
dialog: Continued. le
text: He tries to dig inside his suit with his clumsy gloved
text: hands. He is seratching at his shoulder.
speaker_heading: TARLOW
dialog: Get it cooonuuttttttttttt!
dialog: Oh Goodddddddddddddddittt!
text: Taxrlow lurches forward and grabs a sharp drilling bit.
text: He stabs at the shoulder of his suit...trying to
text: puncture the material.
speaker_heading: HUGHES
dialog: Holy...Tarlow don't!
text: Both Hughes and Walters are too late,
text: Tarlow rips through the reinforced layers of the suit...
text: tearing a gash in the material near the base of his
text: helmet. It is almost instantaneous. There is no
text: pressure outside. All of the ‘air bursts through the
text: opening with a terrible woosh. Tarlow's face turns
text: crimson with the immediate build-up of blood trying to
text: burst through his veins. Everything is trying to get
text: out at the same time. He doesn't have time to scream.
text: His eyes explode from their sockets and smear against
text: the inside of his face plate. Red and grey pulp blast
text: through the holes in his skuil...and fill his helmet.
text: Tarlow's body tumbles forward over the railing. It
text: falls in slow motion down towards the bottom of the
text: erater...and then is jolted to a stop, as it reaches
text: the end of the tether. It dangles there...at the
text: bottom of this long green line...arms outstretched...
text: leaking a thick red syrup...making no sound. Ail we
text: can hear is the static.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: WEDNESDAY, 7:04 A.M. 2.
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL QUARTERS MORNING
text: The interior of all the buildings resembles an aircraft
text: carrier. Everything inside is metal. The doors are all
text: bulkheads. Most of the ventilation system is exposed...
text: and runs under the low ceilings. O'Niel's quarters
text: are the typical officer quarters. It is a suite
text: consisting of two very small bedrooms, a bathroom with
text: astall shower, and a family room... consisting of a
dialog: Continued. 2.
text: kitchen area, a dining alcove, and a lounge-like alcove.
text: Almost everything is built-in...and is unfinished metal.
text: One wall has two television screens, a computer board,
dialog: and all of the environment controls.
text: Carol O'Niel is placing frozen waffles and a cup of
text: coffee into a microwave oven. She is a woman in her
text: middle thirties. She has dark hair...a lean figure...
dialog: and the kind of intelligent chicness that appears
dialog: somewhat out of place in this kind of situation. There
text: is an unmistakable melancholy about her that pervades
dialog: her movements.
text: Paul O'Niel is propping his eleven year old elbows on
text: the formica table...waiting for breakfast. He is an
text: alert little boy...with a sophistication that comes
dialog: from knowing more than he should know.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Two minutes.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is it the buttermilk kind?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: ‘ I'm afraid so.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yuck.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Supply said they were running
dialog: out of the other ones.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I can hardly talk with these
dialog: braces,
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I know...I'm sorry. It won't
dialog: be too much longer.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How much longer?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Pretty soon,
speaker_heading: PAUL & CAROL
dialog: (together)
dialog: How soon?
dialog: Continued. 2.
text: Paul smiles.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: How soon for what?
text: William Thomas O'Niel strides into the room. He is an
text: atnletic looking man in his forties...with a hard kind
text: of grace to him. He is a man who doesn't seem to fit
dialog: too well in things like chairs or rooms, That quality
text: comes from his looks...not his size. He looks like he
dialog: belongs outdoors...especially when he is indoors.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Till I get my braces off?
text: O'Niel snaps on one of the television screens...and
text: punches in a code on the computer.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: You want crooked teeth?
speaker_heading: - PAUL
dialog: I don't mind them.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: You're going to be missing
dialog: some teeth in a minute, if
dialog: you don't eat your breakfast.
text: O'Niel reads the print-out on the monitor:
speaker_heading: PROCEED
dialog: O'Niel types:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. MESSAGES?
dialog: The monitor answers:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. AFFIRMATIVE
text: Carol takes the breakfast out of the microwave oven and
text: places it on the table. Paul eyes the buttermilk
text: waffles as if they were alive.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Pretend they're not buttermilk.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Pretent I ate them.
dialog: Continued. 2.
text: Carol kisses his forehead.
text: A man's face appears on the monitor.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Marshal...it's Lowell. The
dialog: night watch went okay. Nothing
text: jauch..,just a couple of drunks.
dialog: fhe door to the purser in dome
text: 9 has some chisel marks on the
dialog: hinges...may have been an attempt
text: to jimmy. No marks on the air
dialog: lock...we'll watch it tonight.
dialog: That's about it. I'll be in
dialog: your office at 1800.
text: Carol hands O'Niel his cup of coffee. The image on
text: the screen changes...to an older, man.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Marshal...it's Montone. Got
dialog: nothing more on that incident
dialog: in the mine yesterday. Looks
dialog: like it was just some guy who
dialog: went whacko. The Company is
dialog: having the body shipped
dialog: pack...or what's left of it...
dialog: immediately, on today's
dialog: shuttle. Christ, you should
dialog: have seen that mess.
text: Paul, who is having enough trouble with the waffle...
text: gives up and puts his fork on his plate.
speaker_heading: MONTONE (cont'd)
dialog: aAnyway...definitely no homicide.
dialog: There were two witnesses right
text: next to him when it happened.
dialog: It happens every once in a while
dialog: up here. Some people just let
dialog: this place get to them. Damn
dialog: shame...his year was almost up.
dialog: Impossible to do an autopsy.
dialog: So that's about it...oh yeah...
dialog: tell your wife Transportation
dialog: got the tickets for her. See
dialog: you when you get to the office.
dialog: Don't worry..:you'll get used
dialog: to it.
text: The picture goes to black...and the screen reads:
dialog: Continued. 2.
dialog: )
scene_heading: END MESSAGES...O'NIEL, W.T.
text: Carol has lost the color in her face for a moment.
text: She quickly regains her composure. O'Niel turns the
dialog: monitor off.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: What tickets?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Oh...Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds...
dialog: the nice couple from the
dialog: bakery...they wanted tickets
dialog: on the weekly shuttle for a
dialog: friend of theirs. I said I
dialog: would see what I could do.
text: O'NIEL shrugs...and finishes his coffee.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I gotta go.
text: He kisses his son.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: See you for dinner, sport.
dialog: Don't forget...seven
dialog: pages of math.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I promise.
text: O'Niel goes to the door. Carol looks at him for a
text: long moment...thengoes to him.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: You be good today.
text: He kisses her. She holds him tightly.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Look...I know this is a bleak
dialog: assignment. I know what this
dialog: is for you...how difficult...
dialog: just...give it a chance. It
dialog: won't be so bad.
text: She looks at him longingly.
dialog: 10.
dialog: Continued. 2.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I know.
text: He kisses her lightly on the lips...and starts to
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Bill.
text: O'Niel stops at the doorway. He looks at her.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Yeah?
text: Carol stares at him.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Bill...
text: She goes to him and kisses him fiercely on the mouth.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I love you.
text: He holds her.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I love you too.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Just give it a chance. We've
dialog: only been here two weeks.
dialog: It'll get better. I promise.
text: She holds on to him...without answering.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I've got to go. You smell
dialog: good.
text: He touches her cheek with his hand...and leaves. Carol
text: keeps staring at the doorway. Then she turns to Paul
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL MORNING 3.
text: It is a cafeteria...large and crowded. The workers
text: push their trays past the counter of steaming food.
dialog: There is no attempt to make the area look anything
text: except functional. The tables are long metal slabs.
dialog: dl.
dialog: Continued. , 3.
text: The chairs are matching grey. The lighting is from
text: florescent slabs...hanging from the geodesic ceiling.
text: We slowly drift through this loud room...past the
text: clusters of men telling dirty jokes at their tables...
text: past some of the women workers who are sitting
text: together...towards the back.
text: A man enters. He looks just like everybody else. He is
text: fairly large...with a nose that is flattened at the
dialog: bridge...obviously from being broken many years ago.
text: His dark eyes pan the mess hall...looking for someone.
text: At a table near the side...one of the workers puts down
text: his coffee mug. He gets up and walks to the back.
text: His eyes never look directly at the man who has just
text: entered. The worker opens a door and leaves the mess
text: hall. After a few seconds...the other man follows
text: through the same door.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM MORNING 4.
text: The locker room is a series of extremely narrow aisles,
text: cutting through endless rows of high grey metal
text: lockers. Workers are changing into their environment
text: suits...still carrying on loud raucous conversations.
text: They barely have enough room to put the bulky suits on,
text: in the confines of the cramped aisles.
text: The worker from the cafeteria pushes through an aisle
text: to his locker. He pushes the combination keys in the
text: proper sequences...and opens the locker door.
text: The other man is about ten seconds behind the worker.
dialog: We are a distance away...too far away to hear what is
dialog: being said. All we can really see is that the man
text: pauses at the worker's locker long enough to give him
text: something. There appears to be an exchange of some
text: kind...and words spoken. The man is on his way...
text: and the worker is starting to put on his environment
dialog: suit...in a matter of just a few seconds.
scene_heading: INT. ‘ADMINISTRATION WARD-ROOM DAY 5.
text: This room is about a quarter the size of the workers’
text: mess hall. ‘The tables have tablecloths. The lighting
dialog: 12.
dialog: Continued. 5.
text: is recessed...creating a glow, rather than a glare.
dialog: There are waiters here. This is not a cafeteria.
text: About forty people are finishing their coffee. They
text: are all facing a table at the front of the room.
text: Seated at the table is a man in his early forties.
text: There is a canniness to his features. It is the kind
text: of intelligence lurking in his dark eyes that makes
text: him formidable, despite the fact that he is neither
dialog: large nor athletic looking. it is the kind of face
text: that is not used to waiting on lines. His name is
dialog: Sheppard.
text: Next to him is O'Niel, who is standing facing the
text: people. Seated next to O'Niel is Montone. O'Niel
dialog: has been speaking.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Finally...I realize’ I'm new
dialog: here. You're going to have
dialog: to get to know me...and I'm
dialog: going to have to get to know
dialog: you. I just hope I can justify
dialog: your confidence.
dialog: {pause)
text: There is total silence in the room. You can hear the
text: coffee lapping against the rims of the cups.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Thank you.
text: He slowly sits down. The quiet hangs in the air like
text: a fog.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I really wowed them.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Had them eating out of your
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: {full voice)
dialog: Are there any questions?
text: A number of bottoms squirm in their chairs. Finally,
text: a middle aged woman raises her hand.
speaker_heading: MRS. SPECTOR
dialog: Marshal?...Flo Spector...
dialog: 13.
dialog: Continued. 5,
speaker_heading: MRS. SPECTOR (cont'd)
dialog: Accounting services. I'm sure
dialog: I speak for all of us here...
dialog: in extending our welcome to you
dialog: and your family. If there is
dialog: anything Mrs. O'Niel or your son
dialog: should need...please tell them
dialog: to call me.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Thank you very much, Mrs. Spector...
dialog: I will be sure and tell Mrs. O'Niel.
text: He looks around for more questions. There are none.
text: Everybody is plainly bored.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Well...I see there are no more
dialog: questions. I would just like
dialog: to add my welcome to Marshal
dialog: O'Niel. I'm sure you all agree
dialog: he will find this a pleasant
dialog: tour. I know he's just started
dialog: here, Pretty soon he will find
dialog: that this is just like every
dialog: other mining town, There is
dialog: never much trouble.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm glad to hear it.
text: Montone shifts in his seat.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Just remember...these men and
dialog: women work hard. Very hard.
dialog: Since I have been General Manager
dialog: here, this mine has broken all
dialog: productivity records. We are
dialog: on our way to becoming the
dialog: leading Con-Amalgamate operation...
dialog: and everyone in this room has
dialog: received the bonus checks to
dialog: prove it. Good work only comes
dialog: from contented people. I work
dialog: them hard and I let them play
dialog: hard.
text: O'Niel looks at him.
dialog: 5.
dialog: 14.
dialog: Continued. 5.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD (cont'd)
dialog: So when the time comes for
dialog: them to let off a little
dialog: steam...you have to allow them
dialog: some room. As long as no harm's
dialog: done...just give them a little
dialog: room. Do you understand what
dialog: I'm saying Marshal?
text: O'Niel stares at him for an uncomfortable moment.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Thank you for the advice,
dialog: Mr. Sheppard.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: We're all professionals.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm sure we are.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: You drop around to my office.
dialog: We'll talk some more.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: T'll do that.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR
text: O'Niel is striding angrily through one of the long
text: vacuum hose~like corridors. It sways with the weight
text: of his stride...and with the weight of Montone who is
text: struggling to keep a pace behind him.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Now don't go getting your
text: nose all out of joint.
text: O'Niel doesn't answer. He just keeps marching through
text: the translucent corridor.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: What the hell was that all about?
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: That's just his way. A little
dialog: ceremony for the good folk...
dialog: that's all.
dialog: 15.
dialog: Continued. : 6.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I don't like his way.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Don't mess with him.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: He's an asshole.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: He's a very powerful asshole.
dialog: Don't mess with him.
text: They reach the end of the corridor...and open the
dialog: hatch to building 7.
speaker_heading: : CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING #74 7 DAY 7.
text: This is the security area. It houses the jail, a
text: small squad room, a data center, an interrogation
text: room, and a small office with a glass wall that
text: overlooks the squad room. On the door is written:
scene_heading: “FEDERAL DISTRICT MARSHAL
speaker_heading: W.T. O'NIEL"
text: O'Niel enters...still trailed by Montone.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: He's just trying to sniff you
dialog: out. The last Marshal before
dialog: you kept things pretty smooth.
dialog: That's all they want. If things
dialog: run smooth...they make their
dialog: money...and nobody's here for
dialog: their health or for the scenery.
text: Some of the young police officers stand when O'Niel
text: enters. He marches past them without noticing. He
text: goes in his office and closes the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM DAY a.
text: A worker named Cane enters the locker room. He is a
text: blond man with a thin beard. His eyes are pale blue...
dialog: 10.
dialog: il.
dialog: 12.
dialog: 13.
dialog: 16.
dialog: Continued. 8.
text: and they have an unusually serene expression on them.
text: His mouth is curved in a half smile. He iooks like
text: a little boy coming home with a note from the dentist
text: saying he has no cavities.
text: “Cane walks through the aisles of lockers. He is not
text: wearing an environment suit. He goes to the outer
dialog: hatch. It is the one marked:
text: "CAUTION...NO ATMOSPHERE
scene_heading: PRESSURE SUITS AND OXYGEN REQUIRED"
text: He looks through the porthole into the airlock. It is
text: empty. He opens the hatch an@ enters the lock. He
text: closes the hatch.
scene_heading: INT. AIRLOCK 9.
text: Cane methodically closes the hatch to the outside...
text: sealing the lock. He pushes the button for the mine
dialog: elevator.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM 10.
text: A small group of workers have finished filling their
text: oxygen tanks...and start to leave for the elevator.
text: They get to the hatchway and see the red "occupied"
text: light on. They look through the porthole and see
text: Cane standing there...without an environment suit.
text: The men start to shout at him.
scene_heading: INT. AIRLOCK ll.
text: Cane is placidly waiting for the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM 12.
text: The men pound frantically on the porthole.
scene_heading: INT. AIRLOCK 13.
text: Cane hears the muffled pounding. He slowly turns and
text: sees the terrified faces of the men through the port-
text: hole. He smiles and waves to them.
dialog: 13.
dialog: 14.
dialog: 15,
dialog: 16.
dialog: 17.
dialog: Continued. 13.
text: The buzzer sounds,..announcing the arrival of the
text: elevator. The door slides open. Cane steps in.
text: He smiles again at the faces through the porthole.
text: The elevator door slides closed. We can see Cane's
text: face through the window in the elevator door...
text: through the airlock porthole.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM 14.
text: The men are agonized by their helplessness...as they
text: see Cane's blond blue~eyed face descend out of
text: sight...as the elevator starts up.
scene_heading: INT. EXT. FOURTH LEVEL MINE SHAFT 15.
text: A group of workers are waiting for the elevator to
text: arrive. They are impatient. This is the end of
dialog: their shift.
text: The counter light starts to read off the levels...
text: as the elevator travels down the shaft. The light
text: skips through “ATMOSPHERE"..."GROUND LEVEL"...
text: "DECOMPRESSION"..."NO ATMOSPHERE",,,"FIRST LEVEL...
text: "SUB ONE"..."SUB TWO"..."SUB THREE"..."SUB FOUR".
text: The elevator arrives. We can see the elevator
text: window...as the car slides to a stop. The window has
text: become smeared with a thick red.
text: The elevator door opens. We can only see the reaction
text: of the men who are standing in front...when they see
dialog: what is inside.
dialog: cor TO:
scene_heading: WEDNESDAY, 6:55 P.M. 16,
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S QUARTERS EVENING
text: O'Niel walks in the door. He is tired. He looks
text: around. Everything is quiet.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Paul?
text: There is silence.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Hey Paulie?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Carol?
dialog: 16,
dialog: 18.
dialog: Continued. 16.
text: He stands there for a moment. He goes to the bedrocm.
text: There is no one there, He comes back into the living
text: room area. He looks around again. he goes to the
text: television monitor and punches the computer code.
speaker_heading: PROCEED
dialog: He types:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. MESSAGES?
text: The machine prints out:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. AFFIRMATIVE
text: O'Niel pushes the transmit button...and the television
text: monitor flickers on. The face on the screen is Carol's.
text: She is on the brink of tears.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I...I'm trying to keep my
dialog: composure..and...and like
dialog: everything else I do...I
dialog: think I'm messing this up.
text: She takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I despise these message things.
dialog: I...I'm just such a coward...
dialog: I couldn't look at your face,
dialog: and say what I'm about to say...
dialog: I just couldn't. If you were
dialog: in front of me...I would change
dialog: my mind...and I don't want to
dialog: change my mind.
text: O'Niel feels behind him for a chair...and slowly sits
text: down...never taking his eyes off the screen.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I love you. Please know that.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I hadn't planned this. I
dialog: really hadn't. Look at me...
dialog: I'm asking for approval...
dialog: My analysis tapes say I.
dialog: constantly crave approval...
dialog: and look at me...
text: She blows her nose in a pale blue tissue.
dialog: 16.
dialog: Continued.
dialog: ig.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CAROL (cont'd)
dialog: Oh God...I just can't take
dialog: it anymore...that's really
dialog: what it amounts to. We've
dialog: gone over this so many times
dialog: before. We've had the same
dialog: erying from me, and the same
dialog: assurances from you that the
dialog: next place will be different.
dialog: It never is different. It
dialog: can't be.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So something snapped in me
dialog: yesterday. I couldn't bear
text: to watch Paulie clatter around
dialog: another bleak place, He has
dialog: no friends. Ever since he was
dialog: born, he has been trucked off
dialog: from one cesspool to the next...
dialog: a year or two at a time. He's
dialog: a child...and he's never set foot
dialog: on Earth. Never. He reads books
dialog: and looks at pictures of Earth all
dialog: day long...and then he hides them
dialog: from you so your feelings won't
dialog: be hurt. He's like his father.
dialog: He never complains. He's not like
dialog: his mother, God knows.
text: O'Niel's face is rim lit by the glow from the
text: television monitor. He folds his hands together, and
text: rests his chin on them.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Don't you see...he deserves a
dialog: childhood. He deserves the
dialog: chance to breathe air...real
dialog: outside air...where you don't
dialog: broil...or explode..-air that
dialog: smells like life...not like a
text: ventilating unit.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You think that it's all worth
dialog: it. You think that you go where
dialog: they send you...you keep the good
dialog: old peace...and do the good old
dialog: job. Well...I'm not as fortunate
dialog: as you. I don't have your abiding
dialog: faith. I can't see anything
dialog: except one God-forsaken mining
dialog: 16.
dialog: 17.
dialog: 20.
dialog: Continued. 16.
speaker_heading: CAROL (cont'd)
dialog: town that looks just like every
dialog: other one. The Company is the
dialog: same...the greedy people are the
dialog: same...the violence is the same.
dialog: I'm just not as good as you are.
dialog: I don't think it's all worth it.
text: O'Niel clenches his jaw...causing the small muscles
text: in his cheek to twitch.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: So...so I'm taking Paulie back
dialog: home. I love you. You don't
dialog: deserve this. You deserve the
dialog: best. I just have to go, my
dialog: love. I will contact you in
dialog: a few days.
text: She looks straight at the camera...straight at us...
text: she tries to say something else...except she can't.
text: Her eyes are filled with tears. She swallows. She
text: vainly tries to smile...and can manage no more than
text: a pathetic little shrug.
text: The screen flickers to black. Writing appears:
scene_heading: END MESSAGES O'NIEL, W.T.
text: O'Niel stays fixed in his chair...still staring at
text: the screen...the writing blinking on and off. He
text: doesn't move.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: THURSDAY, 8:30 A.M. - 17.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM MORNING
text: Montone is conducting the morning roll call. O'Niel
text: is sitting off to the side...partially observing
text: what is going on...and partially somewhere else.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Okay...what do we have?
text: He looks at a clipboard of reports.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Ballard...what's happened with
dialog: the purser's area?
dialog: Pa
dialog: Revised 12.5,80.
dialog: 21.
dialog: Continued, 17.
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: We've put a monitor on the
dialog: whole area for 36 hours...
dialog: and it's been quiet as a
dialog: church.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Keep the monitor on for two
dialog: weeks.
text: O'Niel is chewing on a pencil. He is not watching
dialog: what is going on.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Nelson, what about the
dialog: detonators?
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: They were found.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: I don't know. The shift foreman
dialog: reported that they were found...
dialog: and said not to bother.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Nelson...we're talking about
dialog: nuclear detonators...vou don't
dialog: lose them and then find them.
dialog: You lose your comb, and then find
dialog: it...not detonators. I want to
dialog: know where they were found...and
dialog: who found them. You get my drift?
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: Yes, Sergeant.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Good for you, Nelson.
text: He looks at the clipboard again,
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: What about the club?
text: A woman deputy answers...
dialog: 17.
dialog: Continued.
dialog: Revised 14.5.40.,
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Sheppard asked us for a couple
dialog: of more men on the late shift...
dialog: you know...just to keep the bovs
dialog: and girls in line after a few
dialog: belts.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: He can have them.
dialog: Reading again.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Slater...what about ‘the incident
dialog: in the mine elevator?
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Nothing much to tell, Sarge...
dialog: some cupcake named Cane decided
dialog: he didn't need an environment
text: suit. They're still sponging
text: him off the elevator walls.
text: O'Niel's eyes dart over to Slater. This is the first
dialog: time he is paying attention...
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: He was alone...nobody was near
dialog: enough to have thrown him in.
dialog: A bunch of guys tried to get
text: into the airlock, except he
dialog: had sealed it. No way it could
dialog: have been homocide. Had to have
dialog: been suicide.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Did he leave a note?
text: Everyone in the room is startled by the sudden presence
text: of O'Niel's voice. There is an evenness to his voice...
dialog: as well as a quietness to it.,.that makes you realise
dialog: that’ this man very rarely has to shout.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: I beg your pardon, sir?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Did he leave a note?
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Uh...none that we found, sir.
dialog: 17.
dialog: 18.
dialog: Continued. 17.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Then how do you know it was
dialog: suicide?
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Uh...it...there’s...no other
dialog: explanation. He knew what he
dialog: was doing...that's for sure...
dialog: you can't fall into an airlock
dialog: and then an elevator...you have
dialog: to open hatches...press buttons...
dialog: close hatches...it's...just the
dialog: only explanation. .
text: O'Niel studies him for a long silent moment.
speaker_heading: O'NZEL
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: {very quietly)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Okay...FPanning...what do you
dialog: have on the pump station?
speaker_heading: FANNING
dialog: Just a fight. We took'em both
dialog: in to cool off. They were
text: straightened out in about an hour.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Hill?
speaker_heading: HILL
dialog: Pretty quiet. A couple of calls
dialog: about noise...nothing much.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. MALE WORKER QUARTERS AFTERNOON 18.
text: The men sleep in four-tiered bunks. Each bunk has
text: built-in drawer space. There are communal banks of
text: television monitors at each end of each aisle. One
dialog: of the monitors is entertainment...another is time
dialog: and internal/external temperatures...and the third
dialog: is the daily schedule.
dialog: 18.
dialog: 19.
dialog: 20.
dialog: 24,
dialog: Continued. 18.
text: This is a very crowded area, with some men sleeping...
text: others reading...men changing their clothes...and
text: groups of men going to and from the shower and bathrooms.
text: The effect is like a cramped pullman car. It is
dialog: impossible to navigate your way down a row, without
text: Squeezing past people.
dialog: The man we saw entering the cafeteria a while earlier...
text: enters the quarters. He stops at the beginning of an
text: aisle. Some men are watching a television monitor.
text: The man walks down the long aisle.
text: A worker on the fourth tier of bunks swings his legs
text: over the side...and starts to climb down the bunk
text: ladder. He reaches the ground just a few seconds after
text: the man passes beneath his bunk.
text: The two men...about twenty feet apart...walk the length
dialog: of the aisle...to the bathroom. .
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM DAY 19,
text: The man walks past the steam filled shower room. There
text: are loud voices of men echoing off the tiles. The man
text: enters a toilet stall. He closes the door.
text: The worker walks through the same area. He enters the
text: adjoining toilet stall...and closes the door. In just
text: a few seconds...the man opens the door to his stall,
text: and leaves. Fives seconds later...the worker leaves.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL DAY 20.
dialog: It is more like the sickbay of a military ship. Every-
text: thing is cluttered. It serves the entire mine as the
dialog: dispensary, infirmary, emergency room, and diagnostic
text: center. There are eight in staff...consisting of four
text: nurses, three paramedics, and Doctor Marian L. Lazarus.
text: Lazarus is an alert looking woman with the features of
text: amature adult, forming the perpetual expression of a
text: twelve year old. Her grey eyes emit a wry fatigue.
text: She is a rumpled, rather sloppy woman, who just doesn't
dialog: get too excited about things any more.
dialog: 20
dialog: 25.
dialog: Continued. 20.
text: Lazarus is at an area towards the back. Even though
text: the hospital is an impressive array of built-in
text: eguipment, Lazarus’ area is an island of clutter in
dialog: this sea of efficiency.
text: O'Niel walks in the hospital...past the admitting
text: nurse. He strides towards Lazarus, who is hunched
text: over a stack of paperwork and a computer read out
dialog: screen,
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Who the hell ordered all these
dialog: pressure packs...this is a mine...
dialog: not a war.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You did, Doctor.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I said one hundred...not one
dialog: thousand.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You said one thou....
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I said one hundred...which can't
dialog: be mistaken for anything except
dialog: one hundred. It doesn't sound
dialog: remotely like one thousand.
dialog: Listen...you'll see what I mean...
dialog: one thoooouuussssaaaannnndddd...one
dialog: hunnnnnnddddrrrreeeedddddd...they're
dialog: totally different.
text: She sees O'Niel standing in front of her.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: You think they sound the same?
dialog: Who are you anyway?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Are you Doctor Lazarus?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Yes. Take two aspirin and
dialog: call me in the morning. That's
dialog: a medical joke. Are you the
dialog: new marshal?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Yes. I'd like to talk to you
dialog: for a few minutes.
dialog: 26.
dialog: 20. Continued. 20.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I got an alibi. I got four
dialog: people who will swear™they
dialog: were playing poker with me.
text: She gets up...and starts trudging through the laboratory.
text: O'Niel starts to follow her.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I've never heard that one
dialog: before...that's really funny.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Yesterday a man deliberately
dialog: went into the atmosphere without
text: a pressure suit.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Yes.
text: Lazarus is taking an inventory as they walk. O'Niel
dialog: doesn't like to be trailing after her.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: A couple of days before that,
text: another man cut open his suit...
dialog: on purpose.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: it happens here.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: How often?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I don't know. It just happens
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I'm not a4 psychiatrist. TI
dialog: can't tell you why. Some
dialog: people just can't take it
dialog: here after a while.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Did you do autopsies?
dialog: 20
dialog: 21.
dialog: 22.
dialog: Continued. 20.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: O'NIED
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: In the first place...the
dialog: Company wanted the bodies
dialog: shipped out quickly. Secondly,
dialog: when somebody exposes themselves
dialog: to zero-pressure atmosphere...
dialog: there isn't a lot to inspect.
dialog: In the third place, you're
text: becoming a nuisance.
text: O'Niel shoves a drawer open...blocking her path.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I know.
dialog: (pause) .
dialog: I would like a record of all
dialog: incidents like these last two,
dialog: that have happened during the
dialog: past six months. I would like
dialog: it real soon, or I just might
dialog: kick your nasty ass all over
dialog: this room. That's a Marshal joke.
text: O'Niel turns and walks away.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: THURSDAY, 9:17 P.M. 21,
scene_heading: INT. MALE WORKERS' BARRACKS NIGHT
text: A worker we have seen before is getting dressed for a
dialog: night out. He is the one we saw in the locker room
dialog: making an exchange of some kind with that man. The
text: worker's name is Sagan. He has finished xunning an
text: electric razor over his face. He splashes on some
text: aftershave lotion and admires his face in the bath-
text: room mirror. He leaves the bathroom. He is wearing
text: only a pair of underpants.
scene_heading: INT. BUNK AREA NIGHT . 22.
text: Sagan walks down an aisle to his bunk and climbs to
text: the second level. He gets in his bunk. We can only
text: partially see what he is doing, as his reading light
text: 4s behind him making his figure a silhouette.
dialog: 22.
dialog: 23.
dialog: 28.
dialog: Continued. 22,
text: Sagan reaches in one of his drawers, under some
text: clothing. He pulls out a small vaccination gun. He
text: then removes the drawer. He reaches inside the empty
text: space behind the drawer and pulls out a tiny vial.
text: He places the vial inside the vaccination gun. Then,
text: he presses the gun against his inner thigh. There is
text: a soft thumping sound as the gun delivers its charge.
text: Sagan sits back and inhales deeply. He closes his eyes.
text: After a pause...he quickly places the vaccination gun
text: back in the drawer and slides the drawer into its place.
text: Sagan pulls out a shirt and, whistling, starts to get
dialog: dressed for the evening.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S QUARTERS NIGHT 23.
text: O'Niel is sitting on the built-in couch...with his
text: feet resting on the small formica coffee table. He
text: looks distracted and tired.
text: There is a knock on the door.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: It's open.
text: Montone enters carrying a large tray filled with
text: covered plates. He puts the tray down on the coffee
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: I don't know what you like
dialog: to eat...so I brought
dialog: everything.
text: O'Niel looks at the food, and tries to smile a
text: grateful smile at Montone.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Listen...you have to eat
dialog: something,
text: Montone walks to the kitchenette to get a plate and
text: a glass.
dialog: 23.
dialog: 29
dialog: Continued. 23.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Can't catch crooks on an
text: empty stomach.
text: He sits down opposite O'Niel...and starts removing
text: the covers from the plates.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: There's chocolate cake for
dialog: dessert...except you can't
dialog: have it until you finish all
dialog: your meat.
text: O'Niel smiles. The two of them sit there in silence.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: I know how you feel.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I do.
text: He leans forward.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: The second time I did a tour, I
dialog: came back and my wife had skipped
dialog: off with some guy who's a computer
dialog: programmer.
dialog: O'Niel studies Montone.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: I have two daughters. They
dialog: called the programmer 'Daddy'.
dialog: My wife said she was happy.
dialog: I said ‘happy?' The guy looks
dialog: so boring! She said he may not
dialog: be Mr. Excitement...except he
dialog: was home all the time.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Can't argue with that.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Try the food...it's not that bad.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Iwill.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: You know the hookers here are
dialog: nice, Sometimes when you're
dialog: lonely...they can help.
dialog: 23. Continued. 23.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm sure.
text: There is a pause.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: You want to play cards? I
dialog: cheat...except I cheat so
dialog: badly...you can catch me.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: No, thank you.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: I get the feeling I'm bombing.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: No...I really appreciate what
dialog: you're doing. I really do.
dialog: It's just...it's just that I
dialog: would like to be alone right
dialog: now.
text: Montone gets up.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: I understand, Marshal.
text: He goes to the door.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Tf you need anything...if you
dialog: just want to talk...please
dialog: call me.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Thank you. IJ mean it.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Screw it. You can have the
dialog: chocolate cake.
text: He closes the door.
text: O'Niel smiles. Then the smile fades. He looks at the
text: food. He doesn't want to touch it.
text: Almost mechanically, he gets up and walks to the
text: television monitors. He switches one on and punches
dialog: the computer keyboard:
speaker_heading: O'NIEL, W.T,
scene_heading: PLAYBACK WEDNESDAY TRANSMISSIONS
dialog: 23.
dialog: 31.
dialog: Continued. 23.
text: The machine blinks to life. The message is wiped off
dialog: the screen and is answered:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. APFIRMATIVE
scene_heading: REPLAY WEDNESDAY TRANSMISSIONS
text: An image flickers on the monitor. JIt is Montone.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Marshal...we got a response
dialog: on your request.
text: O'Niel pushes the 'fast forward' button on the tape
text: machine. The picture turns to hash...and the sound
text: races to a high pitched gibberish. The squeaking
text: stops and there is a tone. O'Niel pushes the 'play'
dialog: button.
text: Another image appears.
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Marshal...it's Caldwell in
dialog: West Security...
text: O'Niel pushes thé 'fast forward' button again. He
text: waits until he hears the next set of tones and pushes
dialog: the 'play' button.
text: Carol's face appears.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I...I'm trying to keep my
dialog: composure...and...and like
dialog: everything else I do...I
dialog: think I'm messing this up.
text: O'Niel sits down again as he listens to a replay of
text: Carol's message.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I despise these message things...
dialog: I...I'm just such a coward...
dialog: I couldn't look at your face...
text: O'Niel stares at Carol's face.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: ...and say what I'm about to
dialog: say.,.i just couldn't.
dialog: 23,
dialog: 24.
dialog: Revised 12.5.80.
dialog: 32,
dialog: Continued. 23.
speaker_heading: CAROL (cont'd)
dialog: If you were in front cf me...
dialog: I would change my mind...
dialog: and I don't want to change
dialog: my mind.
text: A yellow light flashes over the monitors.,..followed by
text: a high pitched beep. O'Niel reaches for the telephone
text: next to him,..and picks up the receiver. He still
text: keeps his eyes on the monitor.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: o'Niel.
dialog: {pause)
dialog: What?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How bad?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'll be vight there.
text: O'Niel hangs up the telephone. He gets up and goes to
text: the door. He picks up what looks like a single
text: barrelled snub-nosed shot gun...opens the door...and
text: exits. The television monitor is still on. Carol
text: is speaking to an empty room.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I love you. Please know that.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Look at me...I'm asking for
dialog: your approval.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRANSVERSE CORRIDOR NIGHT 24,
text: O'Niel is hurrying through one of the translucent
text: corridors. The long plastic tube is swaying with
text: his steps...making him hold on to one of the sides
text: as he runs.
text: Two deputies...one man and one woman...are waiting
text: for him at the end of the corridor.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DEPUTY
dialog: Marshal...he's in the West
dialog: Wing. Sergeant Montone is
dialog: waiting for vou.
text: O'Niel neds a thank you...and enters the passageway.
dialog: 25.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING 25.
text: Montone is standing with another female deputy. Both
text: of them are carrying the same kind of weapon that
dialog: o'Niel has.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
text: He's in a leisure compartment.
dialog: He's with a hooker,
text: It is a long hallway. At the far end is the entrance
text: to the club. On either side of the hallway are various
dialog: one~room compartments.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: All we know is that the guy
text: is roughing her up. She pushed
dialog: the alarm.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DEPUTY
dialog: When I responded...the man
dialog: told me he had a knife,..and
dialog: he would kill her if I didn't
dialog: leave immediately.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: He's a crane operator. Been here
dialog: for almost eleven months. Never
dialog: caused any trouble. Name is
dialog: Sagan,
speaker_heading: - O'NIEL
dialog: How's the girl?
speaker_heading: MONTONE
text: She's still alive.
text: They have arrived at the door to the compartment,
text: There are four more armed deputies...all positioned
text: near the compartment. They make way for O'Niel and
dialog: Montone.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Is he stoned?
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Beats me. Some guys just like
dialog: to slap hookers around.
dialog: oem,
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: 276
dialog: 34,
dialog: Continued, 25.
text: O'Niel pounds on the door.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Sagan! This is Marshal O'Niel.
dialog: Let the girl go...and, no one
dialog: is going to hurt you.
scene_heading: OMIT SCENE NUMBER 26.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT, COMPARTMENT 27.
text: The room consists of a bed and a television monitor,
text: On the monitor is a pornographic film, Lying on his
text: back on the bed is Sagan. He is stripped to the
text: waist. His body is soaked with perspiration. Little
text: droplets of sweatare beading over his lips. His
text: eyes are wild with excitement. His face is contorted
text: in a manic smile.
text: One of his arms is around the bare chest of a young
text: brunette prostitute. His other arm holds a long thin
text: knife. The blade is gleaming in the light. The point
text: of the knife is at the girl's throat...puckering the
text: skin...and forcing her to strain her neck backwards
text: at a tortured angle.
text: The prostitute is bleeding from a broken nose. Her
text: lower lip is split...and her jaw is beginning to
text: discolor from a terrible blow...obviously done with a
text: closed fist. She is whimpering with terror...and
text: almost unconscious form being beaten so badly.
speaker_heading: SAGAN
dialog: Get away from me! I'll kill
dialog: her...I swear to God I will.
dialog: I'll slit her throat.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL (v.o.)
dialog: Why? What has she done?
speaker_heading: SAGAN
dialog: She's evil, I want you to go
dialog: away...now! I will slice her
dialog: little pink throat right this
dialog: minute if you don't go away!
text: He applies a little more pressure on the knife blade.
text: It barely pierces the skin, A tiny red dot appears
text: on her flesh...and a trickle of blood rolls down the
text: side of her neck.
dialog: 35.
dialog: 27. Continued. 27.
text: The prostitute screams with terror,
scene_heading: 28. EXT. COMPARTMENT - 28.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Hey! Listen to me. Just
dialog: listen. I can't go away...and
dialog: you know that. Now, nobody's
dialog: going to hurt you. If you want
dialog: to talk...we'll talk. I won't
dialog: try to break in...you don't do
dialog: anything crazy with the girl...
dialog: okay?
text: There is no response.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Sagan...do you hear me?
text: Sagan starts to make what are almost animal-like sounds.
text: O'Niel looks around. He motions for a deputy to come
text: over to him, The deputy runs over.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Get me a. maintenance worker.
text: The deputy runs to a communication box at the end of
dialog: the hall.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Hey Sagan...try to understand
dialog: what I'm saying. You haven't
dialog: gone too far yet. As long as
dialog: you don't kill the girl...
dialog: everything can work out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 29, INT. COMPARTMENT 29.
speaker_heading: SAGAN
dialog: I'tm going to cut this pretty
dialog: little thing up. I'm going
dialog: to do it slowly...soooce
dialog: sloocowwllllyy.
dialog: 29.
dialog: 30.
dialog: 31.
dialog: AMG Veet ew a we ere
dialog: 36.
dialog: Continued, 29.
text: He tightens his grip on the girl...who begins to choke
text: with fear and pain.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT, COMPARTMENT 30.
text: A maintenance woman wearing overalls and a tool belt
text: comes running down the corridor to O'Niel.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Show me which panel leads to
text: the air-conditioning duct for
dialog: that compartment,
text: The maintenance woman takes out a long key and removes
text: four bolts on a panel high on the wall. She pulls the
text: panel out...revealing a narrow passageway.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: (while she is
dialog: doing this)
dialog: I want you to open the
dialog: hydraulic valve to release
dialog: the door Locks, when I tell
dialog: you.
text: Montone looks at O'Niel and nods. He and two deputies
text: climb in the ducts...taking their weapons with them.
text: O'Niel then walks back to the door. He motions to the
dialog: maintenance woman to open the seal to the hydraulic
text: valve. She slides the panel open and poises her gloved
text: hand on the pressure lever.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Sagan! Can you hear me?
speaker_heading: cUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, COMPARTMENT 31,
text: Sagan is soaked in perspiration, He is breathing
text: heavily. The hair on his arms is matted with moisture...
text: pressing against the frail bruised skin of the girl's
text: neck, He leaps up and starts to stamp around the small
text: room. He looks like a mindless wild animal.
speaker_heading: SAGAN
dialog: I hear you.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL $v.0.)
dialog: I'm going to explain this to
dialog: you very carefully.
dialog: 32.
dialog: 22.
dialog: 34.
dialog: 35.
dialog: 36.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. AIR CONDITIONING DUCT 32.
text: Montone and the two deputies are crawling through
text: the cramped metal passageway...trying to be as silent
text: as they can...and trying to see ahead of them by the
text: light of a small flashlight.
scene_heading: INT. COMPARTMENT 33.
text: Sagan is slashing the knife at the air. He is making
text: gutteral wheezing noises.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL (v.o0.)
dialog: ZI can't let you stay in there
dialog: forever.
text: Sagan's eyes are blue fire. He slashes at the sound
dialog: of O'Niel.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm going to open the hydraulic
text: pressure on the door locks. It
dialog: will open the door.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIR CONDITIONING DUCT 34.
text: Montone and the deputies are getting nearer the space
text: over Sagan's compartment.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMPARTMENT 35.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: You can't keep the door closed.
dialog: You can't stay in there. Why
dialog: @on't you just come out and
dialog: make it easy on yourself?
speaker_heading: SAGAN (v.o.)
text: The second that door opens...
dialog: I'm going to kill her! I'm going
dialog: to slice her. TI hate her.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIR CONDITIONING DUCT 36.
text: Montone has reached the panel over Sagan's compart—
text: ment. He stops and feels for the hinges.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 37.
dialog: 38.
dialog: 39.
dialog: 40.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPARTMENT 37.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm not going to argue with
dialog: you...and I'm not going to
dialog: trick you. I am going to count
dialog: down from ten to one. At one...
dialog: the door will slowly open. Tf
dialog: will not rush in. I'm not
dialog: going to shoot you. I don't
dialog: want anybody hurt...including
dialog: you. Please trust me...
dialog: whatever the problem is...
dialog: we can try to work it out
dialog: without anyone getting hurt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATR CONDITIONING DUCT 38.
text: Montone is working by the bobbing shaft of his flash
text: light. He has released the hinges and is holding his
text: breath, trying not to make noise. He is waiting
dialog: for his cue from O'Niel.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMPARTMENT 39.
text: Sagan is listening to O'Niel and his words are begin-
text: ning to register slightly with him.
dialog: EXT.
speaker_heading: SAGAN
dialog: You're going to kill me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: COMPARTMENT 40,
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm not. You have my word.
dialog: You also have my word that
dialog: if you kill the girl...1
dialog: will kill you.
text: He holds his hand in the air...as a signal to the main-
dialog: tenance woman.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Now, I am going to count
text: slowly from ten to one.
dialog: 40,
dialog: 41.
dialog: 43.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: ANS VDT Loess Oe
dialog: 39.
dialog: Continued. 40.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL (cont'd)
dialog: Just...do as I say...Ten..,
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMPARTMENT 4l.
text: Sagan is trying to reason the situation. His face is
dialog: like a child's...with too much information for it to
dialog: comprehend,
speaker_heading: O'NIEL (v.o.)
dialog: Nine...Eight...
scene_heading: INT. AIR CONDITIONING DUCT 42.
text: Montone's fingers tighten around the hatch...ready to
dialog: lift it.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL (v.o.)
dialog: Seven...Six...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMPARTMENT 43.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Five...Four...
text: The maintenance woman holds the pressure lever.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Three,..Two...
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMPARTMENT 44a,
text: Sagan has his eyes riveted on the door.
text: The air conditioning duct hatch springs open on the
text: ceiling. Montone drops into the room. Sagan wheels
text: around to see what caused the noise behind him.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL (v.0.)
dialog: One.
dialog: 46.
dialog: kevised 12,5.80,
dialog: 40.
dialog: Continued. a4,
text: Montone fires at close range. The girl screams.
speaker_heading: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMPARTMENT 45,
text: The maintenance woman pulls the lever. There is a
text: hissing sound and the door slides open.
text: O'Niel stares in the doorway. He sees the girl...whimper-
text: ing on the bed. Sagan is thrown back. His head is at
text: an angle it shouldn't be, His eyes are open. There
text: is a gaping hole where his chest is supposed to be.
text: Montone looks at O'Niel,
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: He turned on me...1I...1
dialog: saw the knife...
text: O'Niel can't believe his eyes.
text: He shakes his head. He can't stop staring at Montone.
text: The two deputies have dropped into the room and are
text: administering aid to the girl.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL 46,
text: Two paramedics burst into the emergency entrance...
text: pushing a gurney. The young prostitute is lying on
text: it...umconscious. A plasma tube is attached to her
text: wrist. One of the orderlies is holding the clear
dialog: bottle.
text: The deputies are leading the way for the paramedics.
text: O'Niel is two steps behind.
text: This crowd is met at the emergency entrance by
text: Dr, Lazarus who starts examining the girl as she is
text: being wheeled into an operationg theater.
text: There is a general commotion...with Lazarus barking
dialog: orders to everybody...the nurse trying to get everything
dialog: 46.
dialog: 47.
dialog: Continued. : : 46.
text: in order...and everyone else getting in their way.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. DIAGNOSTIC ROOM 47,
text: Lazarus and the paramedics lift the girl's sheet from
text: her body...exposing some of her bruises. They slide
text: the gurney into a large glass chamber. The chamber
text: is activated by the punching of a computer keyboard.
text: It immediately starts to emit a low frequency buzz.
text: The chamber slowly starts to rotate...so that the
text: girl's body will pass in front of an X-ray scanner...
text: both front and back.
text: Lazarus looks at the results on three television
text: monitors. In the first monitor...she sees a muscle
text: diagram of the girls' body. In the sacond...she sees
text: a slowly rotating three dimensional skeleton. On the
text: third...she sees a read out of her blood pressure,
dialog: hemoglobin, temperatures, etc.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Jaw looks broken...maybe the
dialog: nose...contusions...neck wound
dialog: looks superficial...Jesus Christ...
dialog: who did this to her?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
text: A worker. He went nuts. It
dialog: happens here...remember?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: »..no skull fractures...I got
dialog: that list you wanted...she's
text: bleeding in the abdomen...
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Why didn't you bring it to
dialog: my office?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I don't make house calls.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: You do now. She going to be
dialog: alright?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Maybe...if you let me do
dialog: my job.
dialog: 47.
dialog: 42,
text: Continued. a7.
text: O'Niel nods a smile.
text: O'Niel enters the morgue area of the hospital.
text: It is to the right of the examining room. Lazarus is
text: working on the girl in the background. There is a
text: bank of body drawers on one end. The covers are all
text: made of lucite so you can see the bodies in the drawers.
text: A frown comes over his face.
text: He looks at the examining tables in the middle of the
text: room. They are empty.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Twenty eight...in six months.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: E wonder how many in the six
dialog: months before that.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Twenty four. I've got initiative.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Good for you.
text: O'Niel starts pulling open the body drawers. They are
dialog: empty.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: You want to know how many
dialog: during the six months before
dialog: that?
text: O'Niel looks up at her.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Two.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: You notice anything?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I'm unpleasant...I'm not
dialog: stupid...of course I notice
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: What do you think?
dialog: 47.
dialog: 50.
dialog: Continued. 47.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I don't know. Almost everybody
dialog: here doesn't have both oars in
dialog: water as far as I'm concerned.
dialog: Why people suddenly start to
dialog: lose their marbles in greater
dialog: numbers is not so mystifying.
dialog: I don't know why more of them
dialog: didn't do it sooner.
text: O'Niel pulls out the last drawer. Tt is empty.
text: Sagan's body is not in the morgue.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Where do they send the bodies?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: They usually put them on the
text: next shuttle. They wrap them
text: up and jettison the body half
text: way to the station. Burial at
dialog: sea and all that crap.
scene_heading: OMIT SCENE NOS. 48. 49.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FREIGHT DOCK NIGHT. 50.
text: The freight dock is a cavernous area.,.stretching over
text: one hundred yards. It looks like a giant hangar...
text: except it is more organized. A series of rail spurs
text: meet at one end, for hopper cars and other conveyer
text: vehicles to unload their ore. All of the freight is
text: segregated into type and then loaded into huge containers.
text: The containers are put into the freight bay of the
dialog: shuttle and then shipped out.
text: At night, the freight dock is deserted. Harsh bare
text: lamps burn at the bottoms of long poles hanging from
dialog: the ceiling.
text: They cast individual funnels of light. The rest of
text: the hangar is black.
text: A tiny spot appears at the end of the freight dock.
text: It moves into a pool of light and then into shadow.
text: When it reappears into another funnel of light, we can
text: see it is O'Niel...alone...dwarfed by the containers
text: he is passing by.
dialog: 4
dialog: 50.
dialog: 5l.
dialog: 44,
dialog: Continued. 50.
text: O'Niel is checking the bills of lading on the containers.
text: All of them are covered with a bright company logo.
text: Underneath the logo is the category of the container.
text: Most of them are unrefined ore,
text: Towards the back of the building, there are two
text: containers with different markings. O'Niel inspects
text: them. His shadow dances across the shiny white sides
text: of the containers...past the company logo...past the
text: word “Fragile". The second container has a different
text: marking. It states: "To Be Jettisoned".
text: O'Niel looks around him. The area is so vast, and so
text: quiet, his breathing sounds thunderous. Very carefully,
text: he opens the four latches at one end of the container.
text: They each make a loud metallic click. O'Niel pulls
text: the huge side lid open and shines his flashlight
dialog: inside.
text: The round beam skips across a pile of metal boxes.
text: All of them have a three triangle sign indicating they
text: are radio-active waste. On the lower left hand side,
text: there is a silver mylar body bag.
text: O'Niel stoops down and inspects the bag. He slowly
text: pulls the zipper. First, we can see strands of hair...
text: then the forehead...then two eyes, wide open with
text: terror and surprise. Tinally, Sagan's entire face
text: is gaping upward.
text: O'Niel ptils the zipper halfway down the body, reveal-
text: ing the red stained gauze that was placed over the
text: hole in his chest. O'Niel reaches in his breast pocket
text: and removes a syringe.
text: There is a pause...to take a couple of deep breaths,
text: then he methodically plunges the syringe into an
text: artery at the base of Sagan's neck. The clear plastic
text: container behind the needle slowly fills with a thick,
text: blue-red liquid.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK 5l.
text: There is a beeping sound followed by a click.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Hello?
dialog: 5l.
dialog: 52.
dialog: 45.
dialog: Continued. 51.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL (v.0.)
dialog: Lazarus...this is O'Niel. I'll
dialog: see you in the hospital right
dialog: away.
text: There is another click as Lazarus switches her reading
text: light on. We see that she has been sound asleep. We
text: are in the hospital. She is sleeping on an examining
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: You know what time it is?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL (v.o.)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: You better be dying.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL NIGHT 52.
text: Lazarus is emptying the syringe into four tubes. She
text: is placing the tubes in an elaborate chemical analyzer.
text: The results appear on four monitors. The lighted keys
text: on the computer board and the television monitors are
text: the sole illumination in the lab.
text: O'Niel is seated next to her.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: How long will this take?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: You're kidding me.
text: Some data appears on one of the screens.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Nothing much. Blood type...
dialog: cholesterol count. This blood
text: is from a dead person.
text: Some more writing on the second screen.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: No aicohol.
dialog: 52.
dialog: Continued.
dialog: More data
dialog: 46.
dialog: 52.
text: appears on the third and first screens.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: He ate dinner. Protein...
dialog: carbohydrates...more carbohydrates...
dialog: he didn't eat his vegetables.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No nicotine...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Some tranquilizers...
text: Lazarus -pushes some more keys.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Yeah...they're Company tran~
dialog: quilizers...standard issue.
dialog: Blood sugar and hemoglobin
dialog: are normal. Hello.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I don’t know.
text: She pushes a different combination of keys...and
text: watches the read out on the first screen. She frowns...
text: pushes some more keys...watches the second screen.
dialog: She tries
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Shit.
text: anothercombination. Lazarus shakes her head
dialog: in frustration.
dialog: She tries
dialog: dark.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Such a smart piece of equipment...
dialog: and a wreck like me trying to run
dialog: it.
text: another tack. The fourth monitor is still
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: You know you don't have your
dialog: medical all-star here. Company
dialog: doctors are like ship's doctors.
dialog: Most are one shuttle flight
text: ahead of a malpractice suit.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Something's there...isn't it?
dialog: 47.
dialog: 52. Continued. 52.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Maybe,
text: She punches some more keys.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I spend my days dispensing
dialog: tranquilizers to the workers...
dialog: and certifying that the Company
dialog: prostitutes don't have syphilis.
dialog: I don't know how to analyze a
dialog: new molecule.
text: The fourth monitor flickers to life. A diagram begins
text: to appear. White lines...with multi-colored circles
text: forming a geometric pattern.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Hello.
text: O'Niel cranes forward...looking at the monitor.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Is it a drug?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: You just won a prize.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Whai kind?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Some kind of narcotic...nothing
dialog: I've ever seen before...synthetic...
dialog: Bingo!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Polydychloric Euthimal. Those
dialog: stupid bastards are taking Poly-
dialog: dychloric Euthimal. It's an
dialog: amphetamine. Strongest thing you
dialog: every saw. It makes you feel
dialog: wonderful. You do 14 hours work
dialog: in 6 hours...that kind of nonsense.
dialog: Especially manual labor. It makes
dialog: you work like a horse. The Army
dialog: tested it a few years ago. It
dialog: made everybody work, alright...
dialog: and then it made them psychotic.
dialog: It takes a while...10...maybe
dialog: 11 months...then it fries your
dialog: brain.
dialog: 52.
dialog: 53.
dialog: 48.
dialog: continued. 52.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: You said synthetic. Can it
dialog: be made here?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: No. Impossible. It has to
dialog: have been shipped in.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: No autopsies...so nobody knows
dialog: anything. The workers are
dialog: producing more, so the mine is
dialog: more productive. By the time
dialog: their heads get scrambled,
dialog: their tour is up. The Company
dialog: is making a bigger profit...
dialog: so they're not about to ask
dialog: any questions. That's not a
dialog: bad set up.
dialog: (pause)
text: O'Niel gets up and goes to the door.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Listen...don't say anything
dialog: about this to anyone.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I did good...didn't I...for
text: a wreck.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Yes, you did.
text: O'Niel smiles and leaves. Lazarus looks back at the
text: screens with pride.
speaker_heading: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: FRIDAY, 6:40 A.M. 53.
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S QUARTERS MORNING
text: O'Niel is sipping on a cup of coffee. He is working at
dialog: his computer.
dialog: He types:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T, CONFIDENTIAL
scene_heading: QUERY. SCRAMBLE, SECURITY PRIORITY
dialog: 53.
dialog: 49.
dialog: Continued. 53.
text: The machine answers:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T,. PROCEED
dialog: O'Niel types:
text: DEPARTMENT HEADS WHO 3AVE WORKED
dialog: ON GANYMEDE FOR MORE THAN A ONE
speaker_heading: YEAR TERM?
dialog: Machine:
scene_heading: COOPER, FREDERICK ~ ADMINISTRATION
scene_heading: MONTONE, KENNETH R. - SECURITY
scene_heading: LAZARUS, MARIAN L. ~ MEDICAL
scene_heading: SELWAY, MARY - FOOD SERVICES
dialog: O'Niel types another question:
text: DEPARTMENT HEADS WITH MOST ACCESS TO
dialog: MOST AREAS AND PERSONNEL?
text: The machine prints out:
scene_heading: ORME, CHARLES ~ TRANSPORTATION
scene_heading: TRINGHAM, DAVID - PAYROLL
scene_heading: MONTONE, KENNETH R. - SECURITY
scene_heading: LAZARUS, MARIAN L. ~ MEDICAL
scene_heading: SHEPPARD, MARK B. ~ LEISURE
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. ~ SECURITY
text: O'Niel lights another cigarette. He sits back and
text: looks at the words on the screen. Then he leans foward
dialog: again and types:
text: NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES WITH
speaker_heading: CRIMINAL RECORD?
text: The machine whirrs:
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: ALABIN, THOMAS R,
speaker_heading: ANDERSON, WILLIAM G,
scene_heading: BANDO, DOMINIC R.
scene_heading: DE PAUL, RAYMOND F.
speaker_heading: DUMAR, ROBERT £.
speaker_heading: FOSTER, PETER F.
speaker_heading: FREYMAN, MARTIN E.
speaker_heading: HALPERN, GEORGE R.
scene_heading: HOOPER, MARK G.
scene_heading: KUNARD, FREDERICK C.
speaker_heading: LOOMIS, CHARLES E.
dialog: 53.
dialog: 50.
dialog: Continued. 53.
scene_heading: MONTINEZ, EDWARD T.
speaker_heading: SPOTA, NICHOLAS P,
speaker_heading: STEVENSON, JOHN A,
speaker_heading: THOMPSON, VIRGIL
speaker_heading: WOTTON, MICHAEL G,
speaker_heading: YARIO, RUSSEL B.
dialog: O'Niel writes:
scene_heading: BREAKDOWN NATURE OF OFFENSES
dialog: HOW MANY FOR DRUG RELATED CRIMES?
text: The machine hums again:
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: SPOTA, NICHOLAS P.
speaker_heading: YARIO, RUSSEL B.
dialog: O'Niel:
dialog: WHO DO THEY WORK FOR?
dialog: Machine:
scene_heading: SPOTA, NICHOLAS P. - LEISURE
scene_heading: YARIO, RUSSEL B. ~ SHIPPING
dialog: O'Niel:
text: WHO APPROVED THEIR EMPLOYMENT?
dialog: Machine:
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD, MARK B
text: O'Niel taps his fingers on the console.
speaker_heading: TRANSMIT LIKENESS
speaker_heading: SPOTA, NICHOLAS P.
speaker_heading: YARIO, RUSSEL B.
text: The screen goes black for a moment...and then a man's
text: face appears on the screen. Underneath is the name
speaker_heading: YARIO, RUSSEL B.
text: He is a large dark man...in his forties...with thick
dialog: features.
text: The picture changes and another man's face appears...
dialog: this is SPOTA, NICHOLAS P.
dialog: 53.
dialog: 54.
dialog: 51.
dialog: Continued. 53.
dialog: This is the man we have seen before. We saw him in
dialog: the locker room. We also saw him in the workers'
text: quarters bathroom,..making the exchange with Sagan.
text: O'Niel studies their faces...then he types:
scene_heading: REQUEST AUTOMATIC DISCRETE SURVEILLANCE
scene_heading: YARIO, RUSSEL B. AND SPOTA, NICHOLAS P,
scene_heading: ALL CAMERA CONFIDENTIAL. MY EYES ONLY.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL, W.T,
dialog: The machine replies:
speaker_heading: AFFIRMATIVE
dialog: O'Niel types:
speaker_heading: END TRANSMISSION
text: The machine answers:
scene_heading: END TRANSMISSION O'NIEL, W.T.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FRIDAY, 9:07 P.M. 54.
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB NIGHT
text: A naked woman flashes brilliant white and then black in
text: a blazing strobe light. She is gyrating wildly to a
text: thunderous percussive bass music. Her head is tilted
text: back. Her teeth are bared under her lips in an erotic
text: sneer. Her hair is matted with perspiration and sticks
text: to the nape of her neck.
text: She is dancing in a lucite cylinder...suspended over a
text: tremendous bar. Next to her is another cylinder. A
text: naked man is dancing in that one. His muscular body is
text: soaked in perspiration...and tiny droplets spray off
text: his arms as he flails away to the music.
text: The bar is crowded with men and women...who have to
text: shout just to be heard over the music. The club re-
text: flects all of the attitudes of Ganymede. The work is
text: grim and harsh here. The workers tend to take their
text: pleasure with a vengeance.
text: There are tables in the club. Each has a deep amber
text: lamp. There are amber lights around the bar. That is
dialog: 54.
dialog: 55.
dialog: 56.
dialog: 57.
dialog: 52.
dialog: Continued. 54,
text: the only light in the club.,.except for the furious
text: white strobe lighting of the two dancers.
text: Both male and femal Company prostitues work at the
dialog: club. Many men prefer the male prostitutes...and
dialog: many women prefer the women.
text: Spota walks in the club. He looks around...scanning
text: the crowd. Then he walks over to the bar. He smiles
text: a greeting to one of the bartenders...and orders a
dialog: drink.
text: Near the ceiling of the club...hidden from sight in
text: the exposed piping and wiring...is a small television
text: camera. It is slowly panning back and forth.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 55.
text: O'Niel is sitting in his office in front of a row of
text: television monitors. There is a miniature switching
text: panel in front of him...enabling him to punch up a
text: picture from any of the cameras into any of his monitors.
text: On.:one of the monitors, we see a picture of an access
text: corridor. On another...we see a picture of the cafeteria.
text: On a third...we see the club. The image is sweeping
text: from left to right...scanning the club. When the camera
text: reaches the bar...O'Niel leans forward. He pushes a
text: button that stops the camera from panning. He then
text: pushes the zoom control...and the image becomes a semi
text: close-up of Spota sitting at the bar.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB 56.
text: Spota gets his drink from the bartender and turns around
text: to admire the dancer above him. Spota's face flashes
text: in the reflected strobe light...as he looks at the
text: dancer's glistening body.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: MONDAY, 8:03 A.M. 57.
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS' LOCKER ROOM MORNING
text: The night shift is returning from the mine, removing
dialog: 57.
dialog: 58.
dialog: 59.
dialog: 60.
dialog: 61.
dialog: 53.
dialog: Continued. 57.
text: their buiky atmosphere suits, and putting them into
text: large dusty piles. The morning shift is crowding in
text: an obedient line at the oxygen tanks. The room is
text: noisy with deep voiced dirty jokes, and the slamming
dialog: of metal lockers,
text: Spota enters the locker room.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 58.
text: O'Niel is sipping a cup of coffee that is too hot. He
text: winces. He can see Spota making his way over the piles
text: of clothing and through the aisles of half dressed men.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS’ LOCKER ROOM 59.
text: The small television camera in the ceiling pans with
text: Spota. Spota stops and talks with a few of the men.
text: He then puts on an atmosphere suit.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MINE 8TH LEVEL 6a.
text: The elevator opens and Spota steps out. His face is
text: visible through the face plate of his suit.
text: In the ribbing of the scaffolding, a television camera
text: starts to move from left to right.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 61.
text: O'Niel operates the panning mechanism. We can see the
text: bulky figure of Spota in his atmosphere suit...walking
text: the length of the scaffolding.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
dialog: 67.
dialog: 68.
dialog: 69.
dialog: 70.
dialog: 71.
dialog: 72.
dialog: 73.
dialog: 55.
dialog: Continued. 67.
text: monitor. He pushes the zoom button. The picture
text: becomes a medium shot of Yario.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB . 68.
text: Yario starts to negotiate with a tall brunette
dialog: prostitute.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: WEDNESDAY, 7:30 A.M. 69.
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS* QUARTERS MORNING
text: Spota walks towards the shower room. The television
text: camera pans to the right with him.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: Int, O'NIEL'S OFFICE 70.
text: O'Niel is trying to wake up with some coffee while he
text: watches the monitor.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: THURSDAY, 12:30 P.M. 7.
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS! CAFETERIA
text: Yario is wolfing down a lunch of meat, vegetables,
dialog: and noodles.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 72.
text: O'Niel watches Yario eat his meal. On his desk is
text: half of a stale sandwich. O'tNiel picks up the sandwich
text: and takes a dry mouthful.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS! CAFETERIA 73.
dialog: Yario is ravenous...and the food looks wonderful.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 74.
dialog: ; 75.
dialog: 76.
dialog: 77.
dialog: 78.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: FRIDAY, 9:11 P.M. 74.
scene_heading: Int. LEISURE CLUB NIGHT
text: The club is teeming with customers. The music is
text: throbbing. People are packed around the bar three and
text: four deep.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 75.
text: O'Niel is watching the bank of monitors. On one of them,
text: we see Spota walking down an access passageway. On
text: another one, we see Yario walking down a different
text: passageway. They both walk out of view of their
text: respective cameras. The images on the monitors change.
text: We see Spota entering the club from the front entrance.
text: We see Yario on the other monitor...enter the club
text: from the rear entrance.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB 76.
text: Spota pushes his way through the crowd to the bar. He
text: starts to talk with a male prostitute.
text: Yario sits down at a table. A female prostitute comes
text: over to him. He invites her to sit down.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 77.
text: O'Niel watches Spota escort his date over to the table
text: where Yario is sitting. The four of them order drinks
text: and talk animatedly.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB 78,
text: Sheppard walks in with Montone. The two of them go
text: over to Spota and Yario's table.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 79.
dialog: 80.
dialog: 81.
dialog: 82.
dialog: 83.
dialog: 84,
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 79,
text: O'Niel stiffens, when he sees Sheppard and Montone
text: standing over Spota and Yario.
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB 80.
text: Spota and Yario excuse themselves from their dates,
text: and follow Sheppard and Montone back to a rear table.
text: The four of them sit down and huddle together in a
text: serious conversation.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 81.
text: O'Niel watches the television picture of the four men
text: at the table. He drums his fingers on the console.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: Int. LEISURE CLUB 82.
text: Spota and Yario get up from the table, Sheppard and
text: Montone remain talking to each other. Spota and
text: Yario return to their table.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NEIL'S OFFICE 83.
text: O'Niel stares at the monitors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM 84.
text: O'Niel throws all of his wieght into a forehand racquet-
text: ball shot. The larger than normal ball caroms off the
text: wall with a terrible hollow crash...and streaks towards
text: the back wall. Montone...who is wearing a grey sweat
text: shirt and shorts...lunges for the ball, and manages
text: an undercut return.
text: O'Niel is wearing a pair of shorts and no shirt. Both
text: men are perspiring heavily. The racquetball court is
dialog: larger than the ones we are accustomed to seeing. The
text: walls are scuffed white...and the ceiling is almost
text: twenty feet high.
dialog: 84,
dialog: 58.
dialog: Continued, 84.
text: The game has been goihg on for some time. Montone...
dialog: who is the older player...relies more on spins and
text: position. O'Niel's game is more athletic and more
dialog: violent...however, not much better.
text: O'Niel's return is anticipated by Montone...who cuts
text: the ball out of reach...and wins the point.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Nine-seven.
text: Montone serves a ball that bounces high off the front
text: wall. O'Niel pushes off the ground to intercept the
text: shot. Montone pushes off the side wall...diagonally
text: to the left to get O'Niel's shot.
text: The point continues with both men leaping up and
text: sideways...pushing off the floor, and in one instance,
text: pushing off the wall. O'Niel finally wins the point.
text: He is breathless...and takes a few seconds to gain his
text: wind back. Montone is not in much better shape.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: You going to tell me about it?
text: O'Niel serves the ball hard to the right. Montone blocks
text: the serve...and cuts the ball height again. O'Niel
dialog: leaps for it.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Tell you about what?
text: O'Niel barely manages to get his racquet on the ball...
text: and send a feeble return...which Montone promptly puts
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Sheppard.
text: Montone's face tightens for a moment. He bounces the
text: ball before he serves.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: What do you want to know.
text: He serves. O'Niel slams the ball back with a grunt.
dialog: 84,
dialog: 59.
dialog: Continued, 84.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: How deep are you in?
text: Montone pushes off the side wall and spins the ball
dialog: upward,
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Not too deep. I'm paid to
dialog: look the other way.
text: O'Niel is up at the front...and slams the ball down-
text: ward. Montone lunges for the ball...and slices a shot
text: to the left.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I get it...you don't do anything.
dialog: bad...you just don't do anything
dialog: good...right?
text: Montone doesn't answer. He looks pained.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm going to bust Sheppard.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Are you serious?
text: O'Niel dives for the ball...and just misses it.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Yes,
text: Montone catches his breath. O'Niel remains on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: This isn't the place for heroes.
dialog: You try to bust him...you're
dialog: messing with more than you think.
text: O'Niel slowly gets to his feet...ready to receive
text: another serve. Montone bounces the ball. O'Niel
text: doesn't answer.
text: Montone frowns a weary frown. He serves.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: You're talking about the General
dialog: Manager here. He's a real hot
dialog: shot with the Company. You're
dialog: talking about big money. You're
dialog: talking about people and places
dialog: that we only know from letterheads.
dialog: 84.
dialog: 60.
text: Continued. B4.
text: O'Niel loses another point.
text: O'Niel doesn't answer,
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: I've got to warn you, the guy's
dialog: connected...with more than just
dialog: the Company. I mean it. There's
dialog: some serious stuff involved.
text: O'Niel is silent.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: What will that prove?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm not trying to prove
dialog: anything. This stuff they're
dialog: selling is killing people.
text: Montone looks at his feet. He is breathing heavily.
text: A droplet of sweat falls from his chin.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: What are you going to do with
dialog: me?
text: O'Niel turns and looks directly at Montone.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: You want me to resign?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: No.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Don't come between me and
dialog: Sheppard. Don't tell him
dialog: anything. dust take your
dialog: money and look the other way.
dialog: I don't want you...I want him.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: I'm sorry I didn't turn out
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: So am I.
dialog: B4.
dialog: 85.
dialog: 86.
dialog: 87.
dialog: 88.
dialog: 61.
dialog: Continued. 84,
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: My wife was no dummy.
text: Montone stares back at O'Niel. He doesn't know what
dialog: to say.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Your serve.
text: Montone bounces the ball. He serves. O'Niel leaps
text: after it..:and slams it with an absolute fury.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TUESDAY, 11:15 A.M. 85.
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING DOCK
text: Yario's fingernails are black around the edges with
text: grease. He wipes his hand on the bandanna on his
text: forehead. He puts the fork lift in gear...and starts
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 86.
text: O'Niel is half watching the monitors...and half doing
text: some paperwork on his desk.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING DOCK 87.
text: The fleet of fork lifts and cranes are churning up
text: the dust in the pools of light...as they move the
dialog: containers.
text: Spota enters the loading dock. He starts walking down
text: the endless aisle of containers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: InrT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 88.
text: O'Niel stops writing and looks at the monitor.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 89,
dialog: 90.
dialog: 91.
dialog: 92.
dialog: 93.
dialog: 94,
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INngT. SHUTTLE LOADING DOCK 89,
text: Spota walks by Yario's fork lift without any sign of
text: recognition, Yario waits a few seconds...then he
text: stops the fork lift. He swings down...and walks in
dialog: the same direction as Spota,.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 90.
text: O'Niel lights a cigarette.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING DOCK 91.
text: Spota turns down another aisle...and steps behind a
text: row of containers...out of the camera's line of sight.
text: Yario follows. There is a brief period of time
dialog: when both men have disappeared.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE ° 92.
text: O'Niel stands up...and walks towards the monitor.
text: There is a growing excitement on his face.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING DOCK 93.
text: Yario appears from behind the row of containers first.
text: Spota follows. There are no words exchanged between
text: them. Yario returns to his fork lift. Spota continues
text: walking out of the loading dock.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 94,
text: O'Niel punches a series of buttons...and monitors a
dialog: number of different cameras, to see where Spota is
dialog: going.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: 95. INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 95.
text: Spota walks down one of the billowy white vacuum tubes.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 96. INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 96.
text: O'Niel's monitors show a number of different corridors.
dialog: Spota is not in any of them, Finally, the proper
text: camera is dialed...and we see Spota making his way
dialog: down access corridor 27.
text: O'Niel grabs the stubby shotgun from the rack over
text: his desk...and runs out of his office.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 97. INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR ff 27 ~ 97.
text: Spota is walking down the long corridor.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: 98. INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 7/ 14 98.
text: O'Niel is running down the corridor.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 99. INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR #7 27 99.
text: Spota is walking deliberately. He passes someone walk~
text: ing the other way with a slight polite ‘nod.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 100. INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 7// 14 100.
text: O'Niel almost knocks a woman down who is walking in
text: the center of the corridor. He is in a full run.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 101. INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 7/7 27 101.
text: Spota arrives at the hatchway...and opens it.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: 102. INT. LOCKER ROOM 102.
text: Spota walks in the crowded locker room, He passes
text: the area where the men are filling up their oxygen
dialog: tanks.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: 103. INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 7/7 14 103.
text: O'Niel reaches the hatchway.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: 104. INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 7/7 27 104,
text: O'Niel is xunning as fast as he can.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 105. INT. LOCKER ROOM 105.
text: Phe cluster of men taking off their atmosphere suits
dialog: makes it almost impossible to travel down the locker
text: aisles. Spota's progress is very slow.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: 106. INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR #74 27 106.
text: O'Niel has reached the hatchway.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: 107. INT. LOCKER ROOM 107.
text: O'Niel enters the locker room. He is by the oxygen
text: loading area. He looks around.
text: Spota is making his way down a locker aisle.
text: O'Niel is at the far end of the locker area. He is
text: erossing behind all the aisles...trying to look down
text: the long rows to catch a glimpse of Spota. It is hard
text: because they are so congested.
text: Spota turns a corner...and starts down another aisle.
text: O'Niel sees Spota...just as he disappears behind some
dialog: 107.
dialog: 108.
dialog: 65.
text: Continued. 107.
text: lockers. He weaves his way through a slalom course
text: of people...bumping into some along the way.
text: A worker is opening his locker. He is looking down the
text: aisle...as if he is expecting someone. He sees Spota.
text: There is a flicker of recognition,
text: O'Niel is half the aisle behind Spota...gaining on him.
text: every step. He sees the man standing by his locker.
text: He can sense that this man by the locker is going to
dialog: buy from Spota.
text: Spota is one step from the man when O'Niel knocks into
text: a worker standing in the middle of the aisle. The
text: noise causes Spota and the other man to turn around.
dialog: They see O'Niel.
text: Spota lunges forward...throwing the man behind him.
text: O'Niel is after him in two strides. Spota is tearing
text: through the aisle like a wild man...not caring who or
text: what he hits in the process. O'Niel is trying to catch
text: him, and trying not to maim anybody else in the process.
text: The commotion is loud and violent. The shouting and
text: confusion echoes off the locker room walls. Spota
text: leaps on the benches between the lockers. He grabs
text: onto a locker door...and pulls himself up on top of
text: the lockers. He starts leaping across the room...from
text: one row of lockers to another,
text: O'Niel pulls himself up on top of the lockers with a
text: grunt. He can see Spota almost half way across the
text: huge room. He takes off after him. He leaps from
text: aisle to aisle. He is not as young as Spota. He
text: trips, and almost splits his face on the corner of
text: the lockers. He regains his footing and jumps across
text: to the next aisle.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 108.
text: Spota tears into the corridor. His eyes are wild with
text: a émixture of fear and rage. He is almost at the end
text: of the corridor when O'Niel enters. He makes it to
text: the hatchway...and claws it open.
text: O'Niel is breathing hard...his mouth open...sweat gather-
text: ing at his neck. He is racing down the corridor...
text: causing it to billow and sway more than normal. The
text: white billowy ribs flash by him as he runs.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
dialog: Li.
dialog: 112,
dialog: ov.
dialog: Continued. . lll.
text: O'Niel enters the cafeteria. Spota's collisions have
text: slowed him down. O'Niel is gasping for breath. He
text: stumbles on after him.
text: Spota hurls himself into the crowd on line for food.
text: He lashes his elbow viciously sideways. Blood pours
text: from the mouth of a man who has fallen to the ground.
text: O'Niel is getting closer,
text: Spota vaults over the food service counter. Everyone
text: is trying to get out of his way. It is all happening
text: too fast to register. A cafeteria worker goes down
text: behind the counter...having been thrown by Spota.
text: O'Niel jumps over the food service counter. He avoids
text: the person lying on the ground.
dialog: Spota has nowhere to go except through the double
text: Metal swinging doors into the kitchen.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN 112.
text: Spota barrels into the kitchen...past the rows of
text: Inicrowave ovens...and the long steam tables.
text: O'Niel is close behind.
text: Spota realizes that he has closed himself off. There
text: is no exit at the end of the kitchen. He wheels
text: around and sees O'Niel almost on him. He reaches
text: inside his shirt and rips off a vial of red liquid
text: that has been taped to his chest. He throws the vial
text: into a metal vat of boiling water.
text: O'Niel doesn't hesitate. He lunges forward and
text: thrusts his hand in the boiling water. He lets out a
text: groan of pain...as he removes the vial. The plastic
dialog: has not yet melted.
text: Spota grabs a long butcher knife and brings it down
text: at O'Niel's arm. O'Niel rolls out of the way...
text: and the blade slams into the counter. He takes his
text: shotgun by the barrel, and swings the butt at
text: Spota...who has raised the knife again. The shotgun
text: stock catches Spota's shoulder. The knife blade is
text: @eflected, just after it pierces O'Niel's forearm.
text: Blood begins to seep through his shirt.
dialog: 112,
dialog: 113.
dialog: 68,
dialog: Continued. 112.
text: O'Niel is grappling with a man who is insane with
text: fury. He is unable to contain Spota...who is lashing
text: out with his legs and the knife.
text: O'Niel knees Spota in the groin. Spota is momentarily
text: doubled up. OQ'Niel rolls to the side. He turns the
text: shotgun around. Spota lurches towards him...raising
text: the knife again.
text: O'Niel fires four rounds from the shotgun. The roar
text: in the metal kitchen is deafening. The pellets crash
text: in a circle around Spota...ripping through the metal
text: dividers...shattering lights...and filling the room
text: with acrid smoke.
text: It is all over in two seconds. The four blasts have
text: hit in a circle around Spota. None have hit him.
text: Spota is frozen, by the ferocity of what has just
dialog: happened, and by the speed with which it was done.
text: He looks at O'Niel...who has the shotgun leveled
text: directly at his head.
text: O'Niel is still on the floor...panting...holding the
text: shotgun with one hand...his other hand is bleeding.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Think it over.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAIL 113
text: O'Niel is walking down a long corridor. Montone is
text: one step behind him. O'Niel's hand is bandaged.
text: One side of the corridor is a series of enormous
text: glass rectangular windows. Over each one is written:
dialog: "NO ARTIFICIAL GRAVITY"
text: Through the windows we can see men in atmosphere
text: suits...floating at the end of long tethers. Each
text: window in effect looks into an individual jail cell.
text: Each prisoner floats in a cell...getting oxygen
dialog: through the tether. They do not have individual back
dialog: air tanks.
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: He's in 37.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Has he said anything?
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Not a.peep.
dialog: 69,
dialog: continued. 113
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Anybody ask about him?
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: If anyone doés...I want to
dialog: know.
text: They arrive at window number 37. A man is floating
text: at the end of a long red tether. There is a telephone
text: receiver for the intercom. It is over the control
text: valves for the oxygen supply. There is a small hatch
text: that leads into the cell. Stenciled on the door in
dialog: red block letters is:
scene_heading: "CAUTION, NO ATMOSPHERE, OXYGEN REQUIRED"
text: O'Niel picks up the receiver.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Spota...this is O'Niel.
text: He can hear breathing and the steady rush of air...
text: from inside of Spota's helmet.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: The lab report says you were
dialog: carrying four ounces of
dialog: Polydychlioric Euthimal...
dialog: which is four hundred doses.
speaker_heading: SPOTA
dialog: I don't know what you're
dialog: talking about.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: O£ course you don't. How
dialog: much does Sheppard pay you
dialog: to sell the stuff?
speaker_heading: SPOTA
dialog: I don't know what you're
dialog: talking about.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: You're a real tough guy, Spota.
dialog: I'm impressed. You're going
dialog: to love being here. Most
dialog: people start to go a little
dialog: crazy at night...when they can't
dialog: feel the floor for a few days.
dialog: 113.
dialog: il4,
dialog: Continued.
dialog: Revised 12.5.80.
dialog: 70.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL (cont'd)
text: Sometimes the tether gets knotted
dialog: ».eand a man suffocates, That
dialog: doesn't happen often...it's just
dialog: the thought of that...seems to
dialog: keep people up late at night.
dialog: (pause) .
dialog: Except, you're a tough guy...
dialog: that won't bother you, right?
speaker_heading: SPOTA
dialog: Piss off.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: That's what I like, Spota...
dialog: you're real quick with the
dialog: comeback.
dialog: {pause)
dialog: I've got you nailed. I got
dialog: the evidence. I got the
dialog: witnesses. You're going to
dialog: be shipped back to the space
dialog: station and do time that makes
dialog: this look like a picnic.
dialog: Sheppard will just get a little
dialog: richer...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Don't make a deal with me.
dialog: Don't get a reduced sentence.
dialog: Just do your hard time, while
text: Sheppard laughs his ass off at
dialog: you. I've got to hand it to
dialog: you...you're pretty sharp. See
dialog: you around, tough guy.
dialog: 
text: O'Niel hangs up the receiver. He turns to Montone, and
text: disconnects the phone.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Nobody talks to him. Nobody
dialog: touches him. I mean nobody.
dialog: De you understand?
speaker_heading: MONTONE
dialog: I understand.
dialog: . cUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHEPPARD'S OFFICE 114.
text: The office is surprisingly large and dark...with recessed
dialog: 114.
dialog: 71.
dialog: Continued. 114
text: lighting glowing in the corners...and comfortable
text: black leather furniture arranged symmetrically on
text: a grey carpet.
text: Sheppard is in the middle of the room...putting a
text: golf ball into an electric ball return. He is not
dialog: bad.
text: O'Niel walks in. ‘Sheppard doesn't look up. He
text: strokes the ball.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: You know I can hit a seven iron
dialog: five hundred yards on this place?
dialog: Fix yourself a drink.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: No thanks.
text: Sheppard lines up another putt.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: You've been busy.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: So have you.
text: Sheppard strokes the putt.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: How amuch do you want?
text: O'Niel doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: How much?
text: O'Niel lights a cigarette. He takes a long drag.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: That's what we need here...
dialog: a Goddam hero.
text: He misses a putt.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: I think this rug has a slight
text: break to the left.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Listen...let me tell you what
dialog: you're dealing with here. Tf
dialog: run a franchise, The Company
dialog: 114.
dialog: Continued.
dialog: 72.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD (cont'd)
dialog: hires me to dig as much ore
dialog: as possible out of this
dialog: hell-hole. There's one of
dialog: me on every mining operation
dialog: all over the galaxy. My
dialog: hookers are clean and good~-
dialog: looking. My booze isn*tt
text: watered. The workers are
dialog: happy. When the workers are
dialog: happy...they dig more ore...
dialog: and get paid more bonus
dialog: money. When they dig more ore...
dialog: the Company is happy. When the
dialog: Company is happy...I‘m happy.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Sounds wonderful.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Nothing here is wonderful.
dialog: It works..,.that's enough,
dialog: Every year a new Marshal
dialog: comes here for his tour.
dialog: They all know the score.
dialog: You know the score. You're
dialog: no different. If this hero
dialog: routine is to get your price
dialog: higher...I'll think about it.
text: O'Niel looks around the office.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: What are you after?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: You.
text: Sheppard smiles...and goes back to his putting stroke.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: What is it with guys like you?
dialog: Tf you were such a Goddam
dialog: super-cop, what the hell are
dialog: you doing on a Company mining
dialog: operation like Ganymede. They
dialog: didn't send you here as a reward
dialog: for your sterling service, You
dialog: know that and I know that,
dialog: 114.
dialog: 115.
dialog: 73.
text: Continued. 114.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD (cont'd)
dialog: I read your record. You've
dialog: got a big mouth. That's why
dialog: you're sent from one toilet
dialog: to the next. Me...I don't
dialog: plan on spending the rest of
dialog: my life doing this.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Good for you.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: This charade of yours is silly.
dialog: You try and meddle...you better
dialog: know what you're meddling with.
dialog: You got something to prove...
dialog: prove it to yourself...not to me.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: See you around.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: If you're looking for more
dialog: money...you're smarter than
dialog: you look. If you're not...
dialog: you're dumber than you look.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm probably a lot dumber.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: That can get very dangerous.
text: O'Niel smiles...and leaves the office.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL NIGHT 115.
text: O'Niel walks down the corridor. The corridor is
text: almost totally dark. Only small pin lights illuminate
text: the telephone receivers at each cell. The cells
text: themselves are brightly lit. The effect is like
text: walking down an aquarium.
dialog: Because it is late at night...many of the prisoners
text: are sleeping. As a result...some of them are
text: floating upside down...some sideways...in fetal
dialog: positions.
text: O'Niel stops at cell number 37...Spota's cell. He
text: picks up the telephone receiver.
dialog: 11s.
dialog: 116.
dialog: 74,
dialog: Continued, 115.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: O,K., Spota,..it's time to
dialog: talk.
text: There is no answer. Spota is floating with his back
dialog: to O'Niel,
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Hey, tough guy...
text: There is no answer. Spota remains turned away from
text: the picture window, O'Niel's face is lit by the glow
text: of the cells pouring into the corridor.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Hey.
text: O'Niel looks into the cell more closely. He sees that
text: the oxygen tether leading to Spota's atmosphere suit
text: has been severed. The end of the section leading from
text: the air supply is floating free. The end of the
text: section leading from Spota's suit is hanging straight
text: down. There,is a trickle of pulpy blood leaking from
text: the tether. (and gathering in a grotesque red pool on
dialog: the white 2
dialog: ea
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MONTONE'S QUARTERS 116.
text: The door bursts open. O'Niel charges in the room.
text: He looks around. The quarters are empty.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Montone!
text: There is no response. He sees that Montone's bunk
text: has not beenslept in. He knocks on the bathroom door.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Montone...you in there?
text: There is only silence,
text: O'Niel starts to search the room, He opens some of
text: Montone‘s desk and dresser drawers, He pulls open
dialog: the closet,
text: Montone's eyes are wide with terror. His tongue is
text: swollen and black. His neck is hanging by a wire
dialog: 116.
dialog: 117.
dialog: 75
text: Continued. 116.
text: garrotte...and the garrotte has been fastened to the
text: closet. His hands are tied behind his back. it is
text: a horrible sight.
text: O'Niel takes a deep breath...and then begins to move
text: the wixe from the closet...and he sets Montone on the
text: ground. He looks at how distorted Montone's face is.
text: He rips a sheet off of the bunk...and covers the body.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S QUARTERS 117.
text: A small green message light is winking on and off...
text: as O'Niel enters his quarters. There is a weariness
text: pressing down on his shoulders. He slumps in a
dialog: chair.
text: O'Niel sees the message light,; and sighs as he gets
text: up and goes to the monitor bank.
text: Re presses the keys:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. MESSAGES?
text: fhe machine starts to hum:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. AFFIRMATIVE
text: O'Niel presses some more keys:
scene_heading: MESSAGE FOR O'NIEL, W.T.
scene_heading: YOUR EYES ONLY/CODED
scene_heading: ENTER CLEARANCE CODE
text: O'Niel types the code. The machine answers:
speaker_heading: SBVPD DTKKHRCY
speaker_heading: JBTFWPA
text: O'Niel looks at the message. He types:
scene_heading: DECODE. MY EYES ONLY
dialog: fhe machine answers:
speaker_heading: FOOD SHIPMENT
speaker_heading: MONTONE
text: O'Niel sits forward...and stares at the screen.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 118.
dialog: 119.
dialog: 106
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING DOCK NIGHT 118.
text: O'Niel's flashlight casts a thin white shaft in the
text: dark. jungle of equipment and containers. He can hear
dialog: himself breathe in the quiet, Places that are normally
text: noisy take on a nervous quiet when they are unoccupied.
text: We see O'Niel from a distance...as he inspects the
text: markings on the various containers. The flashlight
text: skims over the ribbed surface of a refrigerated contain-
text: er. It is marked with the company logo...and the words:
scene_heading: "REFRIGERATED/PERISHABLES".
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONTAINER 119.
text: O'Niel strafes the inside of the huge container with
text: his flashlight. His warm breath forms puffs of smoke
text: in the freezing air. His collar is pulled up and
text: buttoned at the top.
text: Sides .of beef hang from large hooks...the meat a shiny
text: red under the pale layer of fat. The rigid line of
text: beef sides runs the entire length of the container.
text: O'Niel begins to walk down the line of carcasses. The
text: light dances off the protruding ribs...and the blue
text: stamp marks on the fat layer.
text: A garrotte wire slams over o'Niels head before he knows
text: what has happened. His hands instinctively go up to
text: his throat...trying to claw for breath.
text: Yario's massive arms are gripping the wire tighter and
text: tighter. His knee is in O'Niel's back...forcing him
text: to arch backwards. Yario's knee lifts O'Niel off the
dialog: ground.
text: O'Niel's eyes are bulging with fear and pain. He is
text: making rasping noises...while he tries to writhe away
text: from Yario's grip. He flails his arms and legs....
text: desperately trying to strike Yario.
text: Slowly,..0'Niel's motions become weaker. The veins in
text: his neck are bulging. His arms stop swinging. His
text: legs cease kicking. His chest stops moving. He crumples.
text: Yario drops O'Nielsts body on the floor of the container,
text: He walks down to the end of the container. The various
dialog: sides of beef are marke@ for their destinations, Some
text: are marked: "CAPETERIA"...others are marked: "WARD ROOM
dialog: 119.
dialog: 120.
dialog: 77.
dialog: Continued. 119.
dialog: MESS", There is one side of beef that is stamped:
text: "GENERAL MANAGER". Yario goes over to it...and
text: starts to turn it around.
text: O'Niel's leap brings him slamming into Yario's rib
text: cage...crashing him against the container wall. The
text: force of the impact momentarily knocks the wind out
dialog: of Yario. O'Niel puts bota hands together...and
text: drives them into the bridge of Yario's nose. Blood
text: begins spurting as soon as the bone has been broken.
text: Yario rises like a wounded bear. O'Niel drives his
text: head into Yario's solar plexus. The air goes out
text: of his huge body with an enormous whoosh. Yario
text: doubles over. O'Niel puts all of his weight into
text: swinging his knee up into Yario's descending chin.
text: The impact is a dreadful deep thud. Yario is a
text: quiet mound of unconscious muscle and bones on the
dialog: floor.
text: O'Niel leans against the wall for support...as he
text: tries to catch his breath. He reaches up with his
text: left arm...and unbuttons his collar. We see that he
text: has been wearing a rigid protective collar of
text: plastic. He takes the collar off...and throws it on
dialog: the ground.
text: O'Niel looks over at the side of beef with "GENERAL
text: MANAGER" stamped on it. He walks to it. He starts
text: turning it around slowly. He shines his flashlight
text: inside the hollow...inspecting the grey ribs.
text: Nothing seems out of the ordinary.
text: He reaches in his pocket and takes out a small knife.
text: He makes a thin slice in the fat layer. He pokes his
text: finger in. We see his face. We can read by his
text: expression that he has felt something.
text: He quickly slices away the fat layer on one side. He
text: reaches in and peels the layer back from the meat.
text: There is no meat underneath. There are more than one
text: hundred of the soft plastic bags of red liquid that
text: Spota was carrying. A smile starts to curl on
text: O'Niel's lip.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHEPPARD'S OFFICE 120.
text: We are looking out on a green fairway. Closely
text: bunched cyprus guard the right side. Tufts of soft
text: clouds float in the crystal blue sky.
dialog: 120.
dialog: 78.
text: Continued. 120.
text: There is an enormous crash as a polished mahogany driver
text: sends a golf ball screaming into the picture of the fairwé
text: A computerized image of a golf ball appears on the
text: screen in the precise spot where the actual ball struck.
text: The image floats down the fairway in the trajectory
dialog: the real ball would have traveled. It comes to land
text: about two hundred and forty yards from the tee...in the
dialog: right rough.
text: Sheppard is still in his follow through...staring at
text: the results in the screen. He is standing on an astro-
text: turf mat...at one end of this elaborate machine. The
text: office is dark. Sheppard is lit by the glow of the
text: projected image on the screen.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL (o.s.)
dialog: What's the matter...sun get
dialog: in your eyes?
text: Sheppard turns around and sees O'Niel standing in the
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Well, well...if it isn't
dialog: the law.
text: Sheppard turns back to concerntrate on his second shot.
text: O'Niel walks in the room.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Hey, Sheppard...guess what I
dialog: just found in a meat locker?
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: I have this feeling you're
dialog: going to tell me even if
dialog: I don't guess.
text: Sheppard takes out an iron from his golf bag.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I found 250 pounds of hamburger
dialog: named Yario that works for you.
dialog: I also found your shipment of
dialog: P.D.E. I threw the hamburger
dialog: in jail...and the P.D.E., in the
dialog: toilet. Or was it the other way
dialog: around...I can't remember which,
text: Sheppard's grip tightens around the iron. He turns
text: around and tries to smile,
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: You've been a busy little
dialog: Marshal.
dialog: 49
dialog: 120. Continued. 120,
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Are you proud of me?
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: I'm truly dazzled.
text: He turns around...and takes another shot. He hits the
text: ball very badly...obviously rattled.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Nice shot.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Did you really destroy the
dialog: entire shipment?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: You do have a flair for the
dialog: dramatic.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Was it expensive?
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: More than you can ever imagine.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Looks like you're out of business.
text: Sheppard puts the iron back in the bag...and turns
dialog: to O'Niel. :
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: I think I've misjudged you.
dialog: You're not stupid...you're
dialog: crazy.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Do you really think you've
dialog: caused more than an incon-
dialog: venience? Is that what you
dialog: think?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Go home and polish your badge
dialog: will you?...you're dealing
dialog: with grown-ups here. You're
dialog: out of your league.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I bet whoever sent you that
dialog: shipment is going to be mad
dialog: you lost it. Grown~-ups don't
dialog: have a sense of humor.
dialog: 120.
dialog: 121.
dialog: Continued, 120,
speaker_heading: O'NIEL (cont'd)
dialog: I'd use a nine iron there,
dialog: Just try to swing easy.
text: O'Niel walks to the door, Sheppardreaches in his bag
dialog: for another iron.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Marshal?
text: O'Niel stops.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: You're dead...you hear me?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I hear you.
text: He walks out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: WEDNESDAY, 6:22 A.M. 121.
scene_heading: INT. SUB LEVEL B ELECTRICAL BAY
text: O'Niel enters the hatchway marked: "ELECTRICAL BAY",
text: He is carrying a small case.
text: In the electrical bay...there are a series of islands.
text: Each island contains the wiring and fuses for the
text: various areas in the entire mine. Each island is
text: clearly marked with the location it represents.
text: O'Niel passes the islands for the workers' quarters...
dialog: the hospital...the female workers' quarters...and he
text: comes to the island marked: "GENERAL MANAGER",
text: There are rows of metal panels...each housing a bus
dialog: of wires and fuses...as well as all of the respective
text: communication wiring for the area. O'Niel takes his
text: identification card from his pocket.,..and slides it into
text: a slit at the top of the panels...under the marking:
text: "SECURITY CLEARANCE".
text: A bank of square multi-colored lights blink on...and
text: the panels snap open...revealing a forest of wires.
text: O'Niel studies the various clusters of wires. He
text: passes the electrical circuits...and stops at the
text: communications cluster. He kneels down and inspects
dialog: this cluster.
dialog: 121.
dialog: 122.
dialog: GL.
dialog: Continued. 121.
text: He opens the small case he was carrying..,and removes
text: a set of alligator clips and wires,..until he comes
text: to the wires for "ADMINISTRATION", He finds the
text: wire for Sheppard's office. He attaches the clips
text: to the wire. He attaches the other end of the clips
text: to a terminal marked: "MONITOR". He closes the panel...
text: the computer lights blink off...and he leaves.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: THURSDAY, 8.04 A.M. 122.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM:
text: O'Niel strides in. The room is bustling with activity...
text: as most of the deputies have arrived for the day shift.
text: Deputy Ballard catches O'Niel after a few steps...
text: and keeps pace with him across the room,
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: Good morning, Marshal.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: What have we got?
speaker_heading: BALLARD
text: A breaking and entering in
dialog: the women's quarters. Can't
dialog: tell if it was a pervert or
dialog: if it was an attempted burglary.
dialog: Anyway...the guy was surprised
dialog: and ran like hell.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Any prints?
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: Nothing clear.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: Not much, There was a doozy
dialog: of a fight in the cafeteria,
text: A broken nose and some teeth
dialog: was the extent of the damage,
text: Both guys are cooling off in
dialog: the tank.
dialog: 122.
dialog: 82.
text: Continued. 122.
speaker_heading: O'NTEL
dialog: Where are your sergeant stripes?
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: Ah...well, Marshal...you know
dialog: it's only been a couple of days...
dialog: since Sergeant Montone...and
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: You're the new sergeant. You
dialog: wear your stripes. Put them
dialog: on now.
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: O'Niel arrives at his office. He sits down at his data
text: console. He looks through the glass partition, at
text: the expanse of the squad room. He punches in the key
dialog: code: :
dialog: O'NIEL, W.T.
dialog: The machine responds:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. SECURITY CODE?
text: O'Niel types the code. The machine responds:
speaker_heading: PROCEED
dialog: O'Niel types:
scene_heading: MY EYES ONLY. SURVEILLANCE
text: COMMUNICATIONS TAP ON SHEPPARD,
speaker_heading: MARK B.
dialog: The machine responds:
scene_heading: 4 COMMUNICATIONS-—
speaker_heading: 3 INTER-OFFICE
speaker_heading: 1 LONG DISTANCE
dialog: O'Niel types;
scene_heading: LOCATION OF LONG DISTANCE
speaker_heading: COMMUNICATION?
dialog: The machine responds:
speaker_heading: SPACE STATION
dialog: 122.
dialog: 83
dialog: Continued. 122,
dialog: O'Niel types:
speaker_heading: REPLAY
text: We hear static and then unintelligible voices.
dialog: O'Niel types:
speaker_heading: UNSCRAMBLE
text: The machine starts to whirr for a few seconds...then
text: we hear static. Finally we hear the beeping of a phone.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o0.)
dialog: Hello? °
text: Sheppard's face appears on the monitor.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Bellows? This is Sheppard.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o.)
dialog: What the hell has been going
dialog: on down there?
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Just a little trouble,
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o.)
dialog: Your trouble is becoming big
dialog: trouble. You're getting somé
dialog: people upset who shouldn't be
dialog: upset.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o.)
dialog: I mean some people think you
dialog: don't know how to take care
dialog: of your own operation. I
dialog: can't say I blame them.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Tell them I can take care of
dialog: everything. I just need a
dialog: few of your best men,
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.0.)
dialog: What about the two you had?
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Send me the men and I'll have
dialog: everything straightened out.
dialog: 84.
dialog: 122. Continued, 122.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v,o,)
dialog: My people are not going to
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Do it. Tell them I'il have it
text: all straightened out.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o,}
dialog: When do you need the men?
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: T want them on the next shuttle.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o.)
dialog: I'll see what I can do. I'1L
dialog: call you back later.
text: There are the clicks of the end of a transmission...
text: and then static.
text: O'Niel looks out at the squad room...and then types in
dialog: the computer:
text: RESPONSE TO SHEPPARD
scene_heading: MARK B. MESSAGE?
text: The machine answers:
speaker_heading: AFFIRMATIVE
scene_heading: RESPONSE 18:30 HOURS
dialog: O'Niel types:
scene_heading: REPLAY UNSCRAMBLED
text: The machine starts humming again. We hear static...
text: and then the beeping of a telephone. We see Sheppard
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Sheppard.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o.)
dialog: This is Bellows. You've got
dialog: the men you want. It wasn't
dialog: easy. My people are very un-
dialog: happy with you. This could
dialog: cause trouble for our people on
dialog: all the other mining operations.
dialog: If the Company got wind of what's
dialog: going on...they would clamp down
dialog: 122.
dialog: Continued,
dialog: 85.
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o. cont'd)
dialog: like a vice; They can't afford
dialog: to lose their franchise. That
dialog: could put my people out of business...
dialog: and my people like being in business.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Tell them not to worry. How
dialog: good are the men?
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o.)
dialog: The best. They'll be on the
text: shuttle arriving Sunday.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: They have their own weapons?
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o.)
dialog: Yes.
text: O'Niel surveys the squad room as he listens to the
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: The target is O'Niel...the
dialog: Marshal here.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.0o.)
dialog: Jesus...you better not mess
dialog: this up.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: I won't.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.0.)
dialog: It's your party.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Yes it is.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o.)
dialog: How much help will he have?
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: None.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.o.)
dialog: You sure?
dialog: 122.
dialog: 123,
dialog: Revised 12.5.80.
dialog: 86.
text: Continued. 122.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: Yeah...I'm sure, Nobody here
dialog: will stick their neck out for
dialog: anyone. Once the word is
dialog: spread that these guys are
dialog: pros...there won't be any
dialog: trouble...and I've got some~
dialog: body on the inside who will
dialog: Spread the word. Don't worry...
dialog: he's a dead man,
text: O'Niel stamps his cigarette out in the ash tray.
speaker_heading: BELLOWS (v.0.)
dialog: Sheppard...I've got to tell you...
dialog: if this doesn't work...the next
dialog: guys who come for someone, will
dialog: be coming for you.
speaker_heading: SHEPPARD
dialog: No sweat...I'll call you when
text: it's over.
text: There is a click...and then static.
text: O'Niel leans back in his chair...his hands folded on
text: his chest.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THURSDAY, 11:00 A.M. 123.
speaker_heading: ExT, Io
text: The cluster of structures cast long shadows across the
text: brown dry dusty terrain. Jupiter is looming higher in
text: the sky...dwarfing everything.
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE DOCK 124,
text: The double bulkheads outside the shuttle dock are
text: partially open...,as if they are resting, Over the main
text: access hatch the digital countdown clock reads:
scene_heading: "SHUTTLE LOCATION--SPACE STATION GREEN"
text: The sign remains motionless for a few seconds...and
text: then it flashes a change:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE--IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL--70 HOURS 00 MINUTES
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 125,
dialog: 126.
dialog: 127.
dialog: 128.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS! CAFETERIA 125.
text: The clusters of men crowded around the tables look
text: up at the digital readout on the wall as it blinks:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE--IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL--70 HOURS 00 MINUTES
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS ' QUARTERS 126.
text: A number of men look up from their card game, as the
text: digital readout on the wall flashes:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE--~IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL~-70 HOURS 00 MINUTES
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 127.
text: O'Niel looks out into the squad room. Two deputies
dialog: stop what they are doing for a moment...as the digital
text: readout on the wall flashes:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE~--IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL~-69 HOURS 59 MINUTES
text: THURSDAY, 8:00 P.M. 128.
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB
text: The digital readout on the club wall flashes:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE~-IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL--60 HOURS 1 MINUTE
text: The dancers are undulating their wet bodies in the
text: hot light. The crowd around the bar is thick and
text: boisterous.
text: O'Niel enters the club and looks around. He starts
text: toward the bar. As he does...he is noticed by the
text: crowd. They become noticeably silent. They watch
text: him...as if he is doing something fascinating.
text: O'Niel walks as if nothing out of the ordinary is going
text: on. He reaches the bar. A small knot of men part...
text: making a clear path for him. He leans over and orders
text: a drink. The bartender studies him for a moment...and
text: then pours a glass of beer for him.
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: 129A.
speaker_heading: 130A.
dialog: 88.
dialog: Continued. 128.
text: O'Niel takes the glass and lifts it to his lips. He
text: looks around at the group at the bar. They are
text: transfixed. He smiles...as if to nod a toast to them.
text: He drinks the beer.
text: Slowly...the men go back to talking to each other.
text: The noise isn't as loud as before. Everybody seens a
text: bit self-conscious. O'Niel looks up at the readout on
dialog: the wall.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM. 129A,
text: There are noticeably fewer deputies at work. The place
dialog: is not empty...there are just less people.
text: Ballard is at the Sergeant's desk. He is studying some
dialog: ef the dispatches from the previous day...and going
text: over the evening's assignments. He looks across the
text: large room at the glass partition to O'Niel's office.
text: He sees O'Niel looking at him. O'Niel motions to
text: him...and Ballard gets up.
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 130A.
text: O'Niel is at his desk. Ballard enters.
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: Yes, Marshal?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Sit down, Sergeant.
text: Ballard sits. O'Niel puts his feet up on his desk.
text: There is a long...pregnant silence.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: How many can I count on?
text: Ballard shifts in his chair.
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: I... don't know, sir.
text: O'Niel sits back and looks at the pattern of the grid
text: work in the ceiling.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: What about you?
dialog: 89.
dialog: 130A. Continued. 130A.
text: Ballard wishes he were somewhere else, O'Niel listens
text: to the lack of response..and nods,
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: Most of us...most are...we're
dialog: young. We have families...
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: IT have a family.
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: I know sir...except your
dialog: family is...
text: O'Niel looks at him.
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: I'm sorry, sir.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: That's okay...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's true.
dialog: . (pause)
dialog: Do you care if the bad guys
dialog: win?
text: Ballard looks at him helplessly. O'Niel nods.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Well...we know where we stand,
dialog: Thank you, Sergeant.
text: Ballard mumbles something and backs out of the office.
text: He walks into the squad room...under the digital clock.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 131A. FRIDAY, 4:42 P.M. 131A.
scene_heading: EXT. GANYMEDE
text: Jupiter is lower in the sky. The ted spot...like a
text: giant eye...glares unblinkingly over the cluster of
dialog: buildings,
scene_heading: 132A, INT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY : 132A,
text: The ditital readout flashes:
speaker_heading: 132A,
speaker_heading: 133A.
dialog: 90.
dialog: Continued. 132A.
scene_heading: SHUTTLE--IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL~~40 HOURS 18 MINUTES
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: THURSDAY, 11:45 P.M. 133A.
scene_heading: Int. RAQUETBALL COURT
text: O'Niel is alone on the court. He bounces the ball.
text: The hollow echo of the ball accentuates his isolation.
text: He hits it against the wall...and then goes after it
text: for a return. He misses the shot.
text: O'Niel stands there...letting the ball roll to the end
text: of the court. He doesn't even make an attempt to
dialog: retrieve it.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: That's pretty good. Playing
dialog: by yourself, and losing.
text: Lazarus strolls in. O'Niel doesn't look around.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I'd join you in this dumb
dialog: game...if I could play
text: sitting down.
text: Lazarus sits down on the polished wooden floor.
text: O'Niel goes over and picks up the ball.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I've been well, thank you.
dialog: Pretty busy. Seems like”
dialog: there's some kind of flu
dialog: going around.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You have no idea how many
dialog: workers are going to be
dialog: sick this Sunday.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's your actual epidemic,
text: Q'Niel rubs a scuff mark on the floor.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Are you going to be sick
dialog: this Sunday?
text: Lazarus takes a deep breath...and blows the air out loudly.
speaker_heading: 133A.
dialog: Continued.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 133A,
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: You know...I was married once.
dialog: A terrific guy...gorgeous,
dialog: Eight years. We were really
dialog: happy for about four...neutral
dialog: for the next two...and genuinely
dialog: miserable for the last two.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I remember when we decided to
dialog: get a divorce. It was a
dialog: Saturday. The weather was
dialog: beautiful...we went to a party...
dialog: really interesting people were
dialog: there...we had a fabulous dinner...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He looked at me...and I
dialog: looked at him...and we both
dialog: knew it was over. Civilized...
dialog: except over.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He said, 'You know...I will
dialog: always love you. I want you
dialog: to always be happy. I hope
dialog: you find someone else.'
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Class. That guy had what
dialog: it takes...let me tell you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: When you really care for
dialog: somebody...you want them to
dialog: be happy.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I looked at him and I said,
dialog: 'I hope you're miserable...
dialog: and I hope your nose falls
dialog: right off your face.' Then
dialog: I got drunk.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You see...if I really had
dialog: what it takes...I would have
dialog: said the right thing. If T
dialog: really had what it takes...
dialog: I never would have wound up
dialog: in this God-forsaken place.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're looking for sterling
dialog: character?...you're in the
dialog: wrong place.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Listen...if you're the kind
dialog: of man you're supposed to be...
dialog: you wouldn't stick around either.
dialog: That's why they sent you here.
dialog: 92.
dialog: 133A. Continued. 133A.
text: There is a pause,
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: They made a mistake.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Iwas afraid you would say
dialog: something like that.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You think you're making a
dialog: difference.
text: O'Niel shrugs.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Then why, for God's sake?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Because maybe they're right.
dialog: They send me here to this
dialog: pile of shit...because
dialog: they think I belong here.
dialog: I've got to find out if
dialog: they're right.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: There's a whole machine that
dialog: works because everybody does
dialog: what they're supposed to.
dialog: I found out I'm supposed to
dialog: be something I don't like.
dialog: That's what's in the program.
dialog: That's my rotten little part
text: in the rotten machine.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I don't like it. I'm going
dialog: to find out if they're right.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Your wife is one stupid lady.
text: O'Niel looks at her and tries to smile.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: You want to go get drunk?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Yes,
text: Lazarus gets up and starts toward the exit,
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: At least you still have some
dialog: sense left.
speaker_heading: 133A.
dialog: 134,
dialog: 135.
dialog: ' 136.
dialog: 137.
dialog: 138.
dialog: 93.
dialog: continued, 133A.
text: They both exit,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SATURDAY, 10:45 A.M. 134.
scene_heading: EXT. GANYMEDE
text: Off in the distance...an enormous volcano spits a blue-
text: white cloud into the black sky. The low sunlight streaks
text: across the metal buildings...making one side shine...
text: and the other side a deep black shadow. Jupiter swirls
dialog: above...guarding the sky...reminding anyone who looks
dialog: out just how far from home they really are.
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY 135.
text: The access hatches are still unlocked. The digital
text: readout is blinking relentlessly.
scene_heading: SHUTTLE--IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL~-22 HOURS 15 MINUTES
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: Inv. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 136.
text: O'Niel is at his desk reading a thick sheaf of reports.
text: He involuntarily looks up and sees the digital readout
text: across the squad room. He does not want to see it. He
text: goes back to his work...annoyed at himself.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 137.
text: O'Niel is inspecting the bolts along one of the seams
text: in the corridor.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER CORRIDOR 138.
text: O'Niel is adjusting one of the surveillance cameras,
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 139.
dialog: 140.
dialog: 141.
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER CORRIDOR 129.
text: O'Niel adjusts another camera.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: Int. O'NIEL'S OFFICE LATER THAT DAY 140.
text: Almost all of the deputies have finished their shifts.
text: O'Niel is at his desk eating a stale sandwich. You
text: can tell from the expression on his face that the
text: food tastes like sawdust. He has completed the paper~
text: work. He rubs his eyes. He looks across the squad
text: room, The readout flashes:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE--IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL--15 HOURS 23 MINUTES
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S QUARTERS 141,
text: O'Niel switches on the lights as he walks in his
text: quarters. The digital readout is flashing:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE-~IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL--9 HOURS 37 MINUTES
text: He is tired. The overwhelming sense of isolation is
text: only exaggerated by the quiet of his small apartment.
text: You can hear the fabric squeak as O'Niel sits down.
text: You can hear the sound of him exhaling.
text: The quiet is suddenly pierced by the shrill beeping of
text: the telephone...which is accompanied by a flashing red
text: light over the monitor. The sudden presence of a
text: sound is startling.
text: O'Niel gets up and turns the monitor on. The screen
text: is flashing in large letters:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. TELECOMMUNICATION
speaker_heading: SPACE STATION
text: O'Niel reaches over the monitor and switches on a small
text: television camera that is pointed at him. He then
text: types on the keyboard; .
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. PROCEED
text: The screen becomes a series of wavy lines and then the
text: face of Carol appears. She looks straight ahead and
dialog: smiles.
dialog: 141.
dialog: 95,
dialog: Continued.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Hello there.
text: O'Niel looks at her face for a long time.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Hello there, .
text: Carol is flustered.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I*m doing it again. I've
dialog: had so much time to prepare
dialog: what I am going to say. I was
dialog: going to be so devastatingly
dialog: clever. And here I am...looking
dialog: at your face and my mouth has
dialog: gone to mush. Jesus,
speaker_heading: O'NIEL .
dialog: How is Paulie?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: He's fine. I promised him
dialog: he could talk to you. He's
dialog: in the next room...probably
text: destroying the furniture.
text: There is an awkward silence. O'Niel keeps looking at
text: the image of her face in the television monitor.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Are you feeling well?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm okay.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I'm...ah...Paulie and I...
dialog: our reservations have come
dialog: through...and...ah...we're
text: booked on a flight home.
text: O'Niel nods silently.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: The reservations are for three.
text: O'Niel lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: That was thoughtful.
dialog: 141. Continued. 141.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: O'NIET,
dialog: TIT can't.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Why...for God's sake?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I just can't. I wish I could.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What is so important?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm too tired to explain.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Do you think you're making a
dialog: difference? Do you think
dialog: you're making the universe
dialog: a better place? Do you think
dialog: what you're doing is worth
dialog: giving up your family for?
text: O'Niel tries to answer. All he can do is shake his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You're a stubborn son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Yes. .
text: There is a pause. Neither of them know what to say.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Something is wrong there, isn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You're in trouble...I know it.
dialog: Every time you start speaking
dialog: in sentences of less than two
dialog: words...I know you're in some
dialog: kind of trouble.
text: O'Niel looks at her and manages a somewhat ironic smile.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I'm okay.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Damn you.
speaker_heading: feanaucml
dialog: 141.
dialog: Continued. 141.
text: She turns from the camera,
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Paulie! You can come in now,
text: She turns towards the camera.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I love you.
text: She steps aside and the eager face of Paul stares into
text: the monitor...looking at his father.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Daddy!
text: O'Niel winces at the sight of his son.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Hey, Paul. How are you doing?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Great. Mommy let me stay up
dialog: late...because this is when
dialog: the call came through.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I miss you.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I miss you too.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mommy says aS soon as ‘you get
dialog: done, you're going to come
dialog: home with us.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: As soon as I get done.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What's it like on Earth?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: It's beautiful. You'll see
dialog: so many wonderful things and
dialog: have so many friends to play
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mommy says on the flight they
dialog: put you to sleep for more than
dialog: a year.
dialog: 141.
dialog: 98.
dialog: Continued. 141.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: That's true.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Will it hurt?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Not even a little. You'll
dialog: just wake up and be home.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm going to sleep through
dialog: my birthday.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Next birthday, I'll give
dialog: you two presents.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Can't you come with us?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Not right now.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Soon?
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Yes...soon.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I love you Daddy.
text: O'Niel starts to crack...and he catches himself.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I,...Tlove you Paul. You
dialog: take care of Mommy now.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Iwill. See you Daddy.
text: The screen becomes a series of wavy lines...and then
dialog: a solid green with:
speaker_heading: END TRANSMISSION
text: O'Niel keeps staring at the screen, Then...reluctantly...
text: he goes over and turns it off.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 143.
dialog: 144,
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: SUNDAY, 7:05 A.M. 142.
scene_heading: EXT. GANYMEDE
text: The small mining town is huddled in the brown terrain.
text: The black sky is still. Nothing moves,..except for
text: the red warning lights on the tops of buildings.
text: Jupiter boils relentlessly yellow-orange on the horizon.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY 143.
text: The work crews are arriving. Maintenance personnel
text: are checking the equipment. The containers are being
text: placed in an obedient line...ready to be loaded on the
dialog: shuttle.
text: The digital readout blinks:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE--IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL-~-] HOUR 55 MINUTES
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S QUARTERS 144.
text: We see shells being loaded into a clip. Another clip
text: is brought into frame and some more shells are pushed
dialog: in.
text: The clips are placed on the formica coffee table. They
text: rest in front of a framed picture of Paul and Carol
text: smiling at the camera. She looks radiant. Paul's hair
text: is neatly combed.
text: O'Niel is doing this methodically. There is no emotion
text: on his face. He is checking the mechanism on the gun...
text: seeing if the barrels are clean. He inspects the
text: magazine...the stock...the sight. He holds the gun up
dialog: and aims it.
text: O'Niel reaches for the loaded clips on the table. He
text: places them in his pockets. He pauses.
text: He looks up at the digital readout:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE--IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL--1 HOUR 47 MINUTES
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 145.
dialog: 146.
dialog: 147.
dialog: 148.
dialog: 149.
dialog: 150.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB 145.
text: A fairly good size crowd is there. Music is blaring.
dialog: There are no dancers...and not a lot of mixing.
text: However, there is an impressive amount of drinking.
text: The digital readout flashes:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE~-IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL~-1 HOUR 32 MINUTES
scene_heading: INT, SHEPPARD'S OFFICE 146.
text: Sheppard is having coffeeand scrambled eggs at his
text: desk. He looks up at the digital readout.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR 147.
text: O'Niel walks alone down the corridor. He is carrying
text: the gun. He opens a panel in the wall. He places the
text: gun in the panel...and then closes it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GANYMEDE 148.
text: There is no motion in the sky.
dialog: Cur Ta:
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY 149.
text: There is increasing activity. The landing crew has
dialog: completed the pressure lock testing. The container
text: loading is also completed. The digital readout flashes:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE~-IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL-~1 HOUR 7 MINUTES
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORKER'S QUARTERS 150.
text: Most of the men who are there are lounging on their
text: bunks. There is a card game going at one end of the
text: aisle. One of the players looks up at the digital readout.
dialog: cur TO;
dialog: 151.
dialog: 152.
dialog: ~ 153.
dialog: 154.
speaker_heading: i155.
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: INT. SHEPPARD'S OFFICE isl.
text: Sheppard is reading a series of cost reports. He sips
dialog: coffeefrom a china .cup,
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MINE AREA 152.
text: The mine is deserted. There are no workers. The giant
text: scaffolding shimmers in the orange reflected light of
dialog: Jupiter.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION WARD ROOM 153.
text: This is the room where the executives and town leaders
dialog: dine...and hold their administration meetings. This
dialog: is where we saw O'Niel give his introductory speech
dialog: when he first arrived.
text: The ward room is crowded. Everyone is eating breakfast.
text: The women are chatting with each other with a bubbly
text: animation. The men are telling quiet jokes. It
text: looks like Sunday brunch at the country club.
text: The digital readout flashes:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE--IN TRANSIT
scene_heading: ARRIVAL---43 MINUTES
text: O'Niel enters the ward room. Everyone stops talking.
text: They turn and stare at O'Niel...who remains at the
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GANYMEDE 154.
text: The jagged looking town appears vulnerable under the
text: menacing size and color of Jupiter.
text: A blinking strobe light appears in the sky.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY 155.
text: A pulsating horn blares. The men start to scramble.
dialog: 155.
dialog: 156.
dialog: 157.
dialog: 102.
dialog: Continued. 155.
text: The digital readout flashes;
scene_heading: SHUTTLE--OUTER MARKER
speaker_heading: ARRIVAL~~EARLY
speaker_heading: SUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION WARD ROOM 156.
text: O'Niel looks back at the silent group of people.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Good morning.
text: There are some subdued mumbles of 'good morning'.
text: O'Niel starts walking toward the tables.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: How are you, Mrs. Spector?
text: Mrs. Spector is flustered.
speaker_heading: MRS, SPECTOR
dialog: Uh...fine thank you...Marshal.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Mr. Rudolph?
speaker_heading: RUDOLPH
dialog: Morning...Marshal.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I hope everyone is having
dialog: a pleasant breakfast,
text: O'Niel walks by a table and takes a sausage from a
text: serving plate. He pops it in his mouth.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GANYMEDE 157.
dialog: The small strobe lights are now larger. We can make
text: out the strange grey shape of the shuttle high in the
text: black sky.
speaker_heading: cuUT TO:
dialog: 158.
dialog: 159.
dialog: 160.
dialog: 161.
speaker_heading: LUS.
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY 158.
text: The access hatches slam closed with a tremendous hiss.
text: The large valves are turned with a loud clanging sound.
text: The ground crew is straining with the heavy equipment.
text: They put their head sets on...covering their ears with
dialog: the plastic ear phones to protect them against the
dialog: noise,
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION WARD ROOM 159.
text: O'Niel stands in the middle of the tables.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I could use a little help.
dialog: Nobody is rude enough to keep eating breakfast...
text: however, everyone there is trying to act as if they are
text: in another room.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: I thought so,
text: There is no response.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY 160.
text: Two huge and fierce landing lights snap on from the
text: belly of the shuttle. They cast two blinding shafts
text: of glaring white light.
text: We get our first clear look at the shuttle. It is an
text: enormous series of grey protrusions and blinking lights.
text: It is dropping straight down at us.,.growing larger
dialog: every second.
dialog: cur TO;
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION WARD ROOM 161.
text: A man near the front...a middle aged man named Rudd,
text: stands up.
speaker_heading: RUDD
dialog: You're supposed to protect us.
dialog: You're the police...it's your
dialog: job. Where are your men?
dialog: 161.
dialog: 162.
dialog: 163.
dialog: 164.
dialog: 165.
dialog: 104.
dialog: Continued. 161.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: My men.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: My men stink.
dialog: (pause) .
dialog: What about you good people?
text: He looks around. Nobody moves.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Enjoy your breakfast.
text: He walks out.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY 162.
text: The outboard engine nacelles belch flame...as the
text: ponderous shuttle fires its retro engines. There is
text: a huge low growl. The ground shudders. A storm duct
text: is kicked up...flaring in the hard landing lights.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: Int. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY , 163.
text: The giant hydraulic landing access arms fold back...
text: waiting to receive the descending shuttle. The four
text: orange gantries swing back to a horizontal position.
text: The blast deflector plates slide up.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY 164,
text: The landing legs fold out from the undercarriage of
text: the shuttle. The spacecraft is roaring a few feet
dialog: from the landing area.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY 165.
text: The landing legs settle down from the top of the bay.
text: The landing lights are blinding in the swirls of dust.
text: The sound is deafening. The metal struts on the
text: landing legs...which looked the size of toothpicks
dialog: 165.
dialog: 166.
dialog: 105.
dialog: Continued, : 165.
dialog: when the shuttle was in the air.,,are now seen to be
text: almost twenty feet high.
text: As the shuttle touches down...the landing legs start
text: to disappear inside the undercarriage of the shuttle...
text: absorbing the breat weight of the spacecraft.
text: On a matter of seconds...the engines are shut off.
text: The dust stops swirling. The landing lights are
text: snapped off. The gantries swing back up into place.
text: The deflector plates recede. The digital readout
dialog: flashes:
scene_heading: SHUTTLE~-DOCKED
speaker_heading: OFF LOADING
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NIEL'S OFFICE 166.
text: O'Niel runs into his office. He sees the digital read-
text: out on the wall. He grabs his shotgun and places the
text: extra magazines in his pockets.
text: He sits down at his console and starts to type:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. REQUEST LIKENESS
scene_heading: OF PERSONNEL ON PASSENGER
scene_heading: MANIFEST ON PRESENT SHUTTLE
text: ARRIVAL WHO WERE TICKETED
text: WITHIN THREE DAYS OF DEPARTURE.
text: CROSS REFERENCE WITH ANY AND
scene_heading: ALL ON MANIFEST WITH PRIOR
speaker_heading: ARREST RECORD
text: The machine whirrs and then replies:
scene_heading: NEGATIVE DATA AVAILABLE.
text: OQ'Niel looks confused. He types impatiently:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T, REQUEST MADE
scene_heading: WITH SECURITY PRIORITY
text: The machine answers:
scene_heading: NEGATIVE DATA AVAILABLE
dialog: O'Niel types:
dialog: 166.
dialog: 167.
dialog: 168.
dialog: 106.
dialog: Continued, 166.
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. EMERGENCY
scene_heading: SECURITY REQUEST FOR DATA,
scene_heading: WHY NEGATIVE RESPONSE?
dialog: The machine responds:
scene_heading: NO MANIFEST TRANSMITTED
speaker_heading: FROM SPACE STATION
dialog: O'Niel types:
scene_heading: O'NIEL, W.T. URGENT REQUEST
text: FROM SPACE STATION TO TRANSMIT
speaker_heading: DATA IMMEDIATELY
dialog: The machine responds:
scene_heading: NEGATIVE. VOICE AND PICTURE
scene_heading: TRANSMISSIONS TERMINATED
dialog: O'Niel types:
scene_heading: REASON FOR TERMINATION?
dialog: The machine responds:
speaker_heading: NEGATIVE DATA
text: O'Niel looks at the bank of monitors, He dials the
text: picture of the shuttle loading bay on one of them.
text: On another monitor...he dials the image of the main
text: access arm. On the remaining ones...he dials in views
dialog: of the various passageways and corridors leading to
dialog: the various buildings.
speaker_heading: cUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LANDING PLATFORM 167.
text: The passenger elevator descends the gantry...carrying
text: the arrivals from the shuttle.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY 168.
text: The landing crew pulls the air pressure valves. There
text: is a deep hissing sound, A lighteddisplay reads:
dialog: 168.
dialog: 169.
dialog: 170.
dialog: 171.
dialog: Continued. 168.
scene_heading: ACCESSWAY--NO ATMOSPHERE
dialog: In a few seconds it changes to:
scene_heading: ACCESSWAY+~PRESSURIZING
dialog: And finally:
scene_heading: ACCESSWAY--FULL ATMOSPHERE
text: The hissing stops. The air locks are opened.
text: The passageway is revealed. It is long and twists
text: around so we can't see the end. There is a long silence.
text: Nothing moves. It is as if the area is recovering
text: from the violence of the landing. Everything is taking
dialog: its time settling.
text: We can hear footsteps coming from the passageway. No
text: one is in sight. We just hear the footsteps growing
dialog: louder.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM 169.
text: O'Niel is hunched over the monitors. He sees no
dialog: activity.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE LOADING BAY 170.
text: The footsteps grow louder still. We now see the
text: shadows of the approaching figures...cast by the light
text: at the end of the passageway.
text: The shadows grow longer. Then we see the legs...and
text: finally the full figures of twenty men and four women.
text: They are all carrying nylon duffle bags. They say
text: nothing to each other. They walk straight ahead.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM 171.
text: O'Niel sees the various people enter the accessway.
text: He studies the picture on the monitor. There is no
dialog: way of telling which ones are the man he is looking for.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 72.
dialog: 173.
dialog: 174.
dialog: 175.
dialog: 176.
dialog: 177.
scene_heading: INT. ACCESSWAY 172.
text: The group of arrivals walk down the white corridor.
text: At the end of the access corridor there is a hexagonal
text: junction which leads to five other access corridors...
dialog: feeding various areas,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS JUNCTION 173.
text: The arrivals enter the junction. They all start going
text: in different directions. O'Niel studies the monitors.
text: Slowly we see two men lingering in the junction.
text: Finally they are alone. They place their nylon bags
text: on the floor and open them. Each bag contains a weapon
text: in sections. Each man removes the pieces. Barrels
text: are snapped into stocks. Clips are slapped into place.
text: Strange looking sights are slid into holders.
text: The two men get up. Each one enters an access corridor
text: leading off into three directions. Not a word is
dialog: exchanged between them.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM 174.
text: O'Niel sees them split up. He watches each man appear
text: on a a@ifferent monitor. Both of them are walking at
text: the same deliberate pace.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB 175.
text: Activity around the bar is busy. Music is playing.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHEPPARD'S OFFICE 176.
text: Sheppard is still at his desk going over paperwork.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION WARD ROOM 77.
text: Breakfast is being served. Mrs. Spector is giving
dialog: 177.
dialog: 178.
dialog: 179.
dialog: 180,
dialog: i8l.
dialog: 182.
dialog: 183.
dialog: Revised 12.5,80,
dialog: log.
text: Continued. L77.
text: another helping of scrambled eggs to her husband...
text: who is talking with the man from accounting on his
dialog: right.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM : 178,
text: O'Niel studies the different monitors. He makes a
text: decision and walks out of the room. We can see the
text: two men walking down different corridors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 179.
dialog: Man 7/4 1 is walking.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER ACCESS CORRIDOR 180,
text: O'Niel opens the hatchway and starts down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOWER PASSAGEWAY 181.
text: Man #4 2 climbs down a ladder and makes his way under
text: the gridwork. He walks the length of the area.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS' LIVING QUARTERS 182,
text: The area is totally deserted. Man /#/# 1 enters at the
text: far end. He looks in the first series of bunks.
speaker_heading: coT TO:
scene_heading: INT, O'NIEL'S QUARTERS 183.
text: The door flies open with a crash. Man #4 2 enters with
dialog: 183,
dialog: 184,
dialog: 186.
dialog: 110.
dialog: Continued. 183,
text: his gun at shoulder height. He sweeps the area with
text: it. He approaches the door to O'Niel's room. He
text: kicks it open.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS' CAFETERIA 184.
text: O'Niel enters. He looks around. He quietly makes his
text: way through the maze of empty tables. Everything is so
text: deserted it has an eerie quality to it.
text: There is an ear-shattering roar and a blazing flash of
text: orange. Semi-automatic rounds of thick tracers explode
text: all around O'Niel. He dives for cover, Tables around
text: him are showered with sparks...and orange streaks from
text: the tracers come from overhead. O'Niel can make out
text: the figure of Man #4 1 silhouetted against the slits
text: of light from the gridwork on the ceiling. Man #74 1
text: is on the level above the ceiling looking down at him.
text: He is firing through a lighting port.
text: O'Niel fires blindly at the ceiling and rolls along the
text: floor, He makes it to the cover of the far end and
text: is into the accessway...barely ahead of the tracer
dialog: rounds,
speaker_heading: OMIT SCENE NUMBER 185
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GREENHOUSE i186.
text: The greenhouse is a titanic gabled structure of glass.
text: Hydroponic vegetables grow in endless troughs...all
text: inder long slabs of controlled light, Water circulates
text: in a constant waterfall effect.
text: Jupiter is awesome through the glass. It is almost all
text: you can see, Everything in the structure is silhouetted
text: against the swirling orange globe in the black sky.
text: O'Niel enters and creeps the imposing length of the
text: greenhouse...making his way under the troughs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 187.
dialog: 188.
dialog: 189.
dialog: 190.
dialog: 191.
dialog: 192.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM : 187.
text: The silhouette of an arm and shoulder enter the frame.
text: The figure stands in front of the data bank...watching
text: the various monitors. The monitors show O'Niel in an
dialog: access corridor. They also show Man //1 and Man 7/72
text: going down other access corridors.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB 188.
text: Everyone is packed around the bar. There is a lot of
dialog: laughter.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPPER CATWALK 189.
text: O'Niel crawls along the gridwork. He turns the lights
text: out. It is almost totally dark. The only light is
text: from the gridwork in the floor. The slivers of light
text: create a strange pattern on the bottom of O'Niel's
dialog: face.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: RED 190.
text: We see a field of red...with black cross hairs bisect~
text: ing in the middle. Black shapes are sweeping across.
text: We are looking through an infra red scope...that can
text: see in the dark.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPPER CATWALK 191.
text: O'Niel is having trouble making his way in the dark.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SCOPE VIEW 192.
text: One of the dark shapes that sweeps by, resembles the
text: silhouette of a man crawling.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 194,
dialog: 94a,
dialog: 195.
dialog: 196.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. UPPER CATWALK 193,
text: O'Niel puts his hand out to grab hold of a railing.
text: The catwalk is blazing with orange light from the
text: tracers exploding around him. Sparks shimmer off the
text: metal, His shoulder has been shot...and is spurting
dialog: blood. All he can do is roli...and then dive down
text: a hatchwav, He loses his gun.
dialog: 
text: i3 shoulder gets the brunt of his fall. He lets out
text: an unintentional groan cf pain. He scrambles out of
dialog: the hatchway.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM i194.
text: The silhouette is studying the monitors. We see O'Niel
text: enter one monitor. Men 7/4 1 and “4 2 are in two others.
text: The silhouette leaves the frame.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR 194A,
text: O'Niel runs to the panel. He opens it. The other gun
dialog: is not there,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, ACCESS CORRIDOR 195.
text: A trail of red drips from O'Niel onto the white floor.
text: He gets to the end and opens the hatch.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT, ACCESS JUNCTION 196.
text: O'Niel staggers into the access junction that leads
text: to five other access corridors. He holds his shoulder
text: and tries to catch his breath. He doesn't know which
text: one to choose. His shoulder is spurting.
text: One of the hatchways from an access corridor leading
text: to the access junction begins to turn. There is
text: someone on the other side about to enter.
text: O'Niel looks around. There is no time to run anywhere.
text: He would be in the middle of an access corridor by the
dialog: time the man was in the junction...and there would be
dialog: nowhere to escape.
dialog: 196,
speaker_heading: 197A.
dialog: Continued. 196.
text: O'Niel has no choice, except to flatten himself against
text: the wall behind the door as it opens,
text: He can see the tumblers turn...and the door swing
text: open. The man begins to enter the access junction.
text: O'Niel prepares himself for the inevitable, He raises
text: his good am to strike at the man's neck.
text: In mid swing, he realizes it is Lazarus...who jumps
text: out of the way just in time.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Jesus!! Take it easy.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL '
dialog: What the hell are you doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I'm a schmuck. I went to your
dialog: office to see if I could help.
dialog: I saw vou on the surveillance
dialog: screens. You're heading right
dialog: for the two of them.
text: She looks at O'Niel.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: You look in terrific shape.
dialog: They've missed the artery. I'll
dialog: stop the bleeding.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS' QUARTERS 197A.
text: O'Niel and Lazarus enter. They look around. No
text: one is there, Lazarus goes over to a bunk...and rips
text: part of a pillowcase to wrap O'Niel's wound.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Did you see where they were
dialog: heading?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: I think they were going for
dialog: the operations wing. They're
dialog: trying to cut you off,
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Start sealing off the access
text: ways in the east quadrant.
dialog: T'lil go out and around them,
speaker_heading: 198A,
speaker_heading: LO9A.
speaker_heading: ANG GL bet ee
dialog: 114,
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 198A.
text: Man #7 1 is walking. He sees O'Niel's trail cf blood
text: on the white translucent floor, He follows it.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS' QUARTERS LOSA.
text: Lazarus works on O'Niel's shoulder.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Don't misconstrue this. I'm
dialog: not displaying character...
dialog: just temporary insanity.
text: There is a noise from the end of the corridor leading
text: to the area. O'Niel jumps up. Lazarus freezes,
text: Someone is entering through the hatchway. They can hear
text: footsteps on the metal walkways.
text: O'Niel motions for Lazarus to follow him. They creep
text: past the mostly darkened workers’ bunks...down one of
text: the metal stairways...and into the locker area.
text: A shadow rakes across them from above.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I'm going outside. Seal the
dialog: doors and get the hell out
dialog: of here.
text: He starts to put on an environment suit. Lazarus just
dialog: stays there, .
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Go ont
text: The shadow is making its way across the workers' area.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I can help.
text: O'Niel is struggling to finish getting dressed.
speaker_heading: 199A,
dialog: 200A.
speaker_heading: 201A.
dialog: 202A.
dialog: 115.
dialog: Continued, 199R,
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Shit...don't argue with me.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I can help.
text: O'Niel studies her for a long moment.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: The access corridor.
text: Lazarus nods, O'Niel hurries to the elevator air lock.
text: He turns around and looks back at Lazarus.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Don't get maudlin.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: SCOPE VIEW 200A.
text: The infra-red scope is sweeping across the tangled
text: shapes of the workers' area.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR AIR LOCK 201A.
text: The doors seal...as O'Niel starts to ascend in the
dialog: elevator.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER AREA 202A.
text: Lazarus is flattened against the wall...as she sees the
text: silhouette of Man 771 pass directly above her.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: OMIT SCENE NOS. 203 through 216 inclusive.
dialog: Continue with SCENE NO, 217.
dialog: 217.
dialog: 218A.
speaker_heading: 218B,
speaker_heading: 218cC,
dialog: 218D.
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: EXT. ELEVATOR 217.
text: O'Niel climbs out of the elevator on the first level.
text: He looks down at the bottomless crater and the mine
text: scaffolding disappearing in it. He climbs on the grid-
text: work, up the elevator shaft, and onto the ribbing of
dialog: building C.
text: O'Niel floats up the side of the building...touching
text: the surface to guide him, He reaches the roof. The
text: view of the other buildings and the mine, under the
dialog: dominance of Jupiter is nothing less than spectacular.
text: He travels along the roof line...practically weightless.
text: He comes to the end of the building. The spindly look-
dialog: ing access corridor, connecting building C with building
text: D dangles below.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS' AREA 218.
text: Man 77/1 makes his way.down the metal stairway. He
text: passes within inches of Lazarus...who backs through
text: the shower room...towards the hatchway.
text: Man 77/1 stops...trying to listen carefully.
text: Lazarus races for the access hatchway. She enters the
text: access corridor. She holds the heavy hatch door open
text: and listens.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SCOPE VIEW 218B.
text: The infra-red scope is panning across the area.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 218c.
text: Lazarus closes the door loudly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS* AREA 218D.
text: Man 47/1 hears the noise...and looks towards the source.
text: He heads towards the access hatchway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 218E.
dialog: 219.
dialog: 220.
dialog: 221.
dialog: 222.
speaker_heading: 222A,
dialog: 223.
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS WAY 218E.
text: Lazarus xuns down the access way towards the far end.
text: She opens the hatchway and waits,
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: Ex?. ACCESS. CORRIDOR . 219.
text: O'Niel glides down the side of the building and lands
text: on top of the access corridor. He balances on top of
text: it and makes his way to one of the joints in the
dialog: corridor sections.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 220.
text: Man ffl enters the corridor, He sees Lazarus at the
text: far end. She jumps through the hatch and closes it...
text: just as he fires at her. The tracers skip off the
dialog: closed hatch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 221.
text: The silhouette of Man 7/1 can be seen from the outside
text: of the translucent corridor. O'Niel frantically starts
text: to release the connecting bolts in the corridor section.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 222.
text: Man #41 continues down towards the far hatch after
dialog: Lazarus.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HATCHWAY 222A
text: Lazarus seals the hatch.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 223.
text: O'Niel almost has the bolts released.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 224.
dialog: 225.
dialog: 226.
speaker_heading: 226A.
dialog: 227,
dialog: 228.
dialog: 229.
dialog: 118,
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 224,
text: Man 7/1 sees O'Niel's silhouette through the trans-
text: lucent ceiling. He looks at the far hatchway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ACCESS CORRIDOR 225.
text: O'Niel heaves at the bolt and the sections separate.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS CORRIDOR . 226.
dialog: There is an instant of recognition by Man 7/1 of what
text: has happened. He hardly has time to react. The pressure
text: surges out of the corridor into the vacuum outside. His
text: face turns color. In a second, his skull and skin can
text: no longer contain the, pressure imbalance. He explodes
text: in a shower of blood and pulp...painting the sides of
text: the corridor and pouring out into the space outside.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HATCHWAY 226A.
text: Lazarus catches her breath...leaning against the sealed
dialog: hatch.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION WARD ROOM 227.
text: Breakfast is proceeding smoothly.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB 228.
text: Business is brisk.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT, BUILDINGS 229,
text: O'Niel is travelling along the top of another building.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: Revised 12.5.80,
dialog: 11g,
scene_heading: OMIT SCENE NUMBER 230.
scene_heading: 230A. INT. SQUAD ROOM 230A.
text: Lazarus runs back to the Squad Room to look at the
text: monitors again. She starts searching for the other man.
scene_heading: 230B. INT. CATWALK 230B.
text: O'Niel is travelling along a catwalk leading to the
dialog: Greenhouse,
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 231, INT. GREENHOUSE 231.
text: Man 4¢f 2 enters the Greenhouse. He looks around. He
text: sweeps the area with his infra-red scope.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 231A. INT. SQUAD ROOM 231a,
text: Lazarus is trving to find Man ¢/ 2 on the monitors.
text: A shadow appears behind her,
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: Can I help?
text: Lazarus is startled. She turns around with a start.
text: She sees Ballard, and relaxes.
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Terrific. Here comes the
dialog: cavalry. You're a bit late.
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: Is the Marshal alright?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: So far.
text: Ballard starts to look at the monitors.
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: Outside some place.
speaker_heading: 231A.
dialog: 232,
dialog: 233.
dialog: 233az.
dialog: 2333,
dialog: 233c.
dialog: 233D.
speaker_heading: LI9A,
dialog: Continued. 231A.
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: Where, outside?
speaker_heading: LAZARUS
dialog: How the heli should I know.
dialog: Maybe the greenhouse.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GREENHOUSE 232.
text: O'Niel is climbing up the side of the massive Greenhouse.
text: He looks through the glass. He can see Man #7 2 inside,
text: He continues climbing up the side of the building.
dialog: curt TO:
speaker_heading: SCOPE VIEW 233.
text: The infra-red scope pans back and forth...looking for
text: some sign of movement in the Greenhouse.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM 233A.
text: Ballard studies the monitors. He looks at Lazarus.
speaker_heading: BALLARD
dialog: You think the greenhouse?
text: She looks around at him quizically.
text: Ballard leaves the Squad Room,
scene_heading: EXT. GREENHOUSE 233B.
text: O'Niel crawls onto the roof. He looks down along the
text: sheer edge. The entire platform sprawls below,
speaker_heading: SCOPE VIEW 233c,
text: Man #f 2 is searching the Greenhouse for a sign of
dialog: movement.
scene_heading: INT, LOCK@R ROOM 233D.
text: Ballard takes an atmosphere suit and starts to put it on,
dialog: Revised 12.5.80,
speaker_heading: L19B.
scene_heading: 234, EXT. GREENHOUSE 234,
text: O'Niel takes a panel which is about six foot square and
text: Carries it to the end of the reof. He watches Man #4 2
dialog: rr
text: below him.
dialog: cur TO:
text: 235, SCOPE VIEW 235.
text: Nothing is moving.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 236. EXT, GREENHOUSE 236.
text: O'Niel throws the large rectangle down on the Greenhouse.
text: It hits the gabled roof and slides down the side of the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CONTINUED PAGE 120.
speaker_heading: SCENE NUMBER 237,
dialog: cet
dialog: Revised 12.5.80.
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: 237. SCOPE VIEW 237.
text: A black silhouette moves by. Man #7 2 fires at it.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: 238, INT. GREENHOUSE 238.
text: The tracers shatter a glass panel in the Greenhouse,
text: The roar of all the air escaping is enormous. Man 4 2
text: is sucked up and across the room and blasted out
text: through the hole in the panel,
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 239, EXT. GREENHOUSE 239.
text: Man #4 2 explodes in a red shower, along with the troughs
text: of plants that are now bursting out of the Greenhouse.
text: In a matter of seconds, all of the panels burst out-
text: wards, The entire Greenhouse shatters, The fragments
text: pick up brilliant orange highlights in the glow of
dialog: Jupiter.
text: O'Niel slumps down...relieved and tired.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 240, INT, AIR LOCK 240,
text: Ballard has finished filling his oxygen tank and is
text: about to get into the elevator.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 241. INT, SQUAD ROOM 241,
text: Lazarus is at the data bank. She is searching in the
text: different monitors for the location of O'Niel. She
text: sees the image of Ballard in his atmosphere suit
text: waiting for the elevator.
text: Lazarus inspects the data panels. Her hands are
text: trembling. She sees the emergency warning light panel.
text: There is a warning light for every area, She locates
dialog: the area marked:
speaker_heading: ELEVATOR 74 7
text: She pushes the buttons.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 244,
speaker_heading: 244A,
dialog: 245.
dialog: Revised 12.5.80.
dialog: i121,
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING ‘ 242,
text: A ved and blue strobe light starts flashing over the
text: elevator shaft. O'Niel is sitting with his back to
text: the elevator, He cannot see the warning.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIR LOCK 243.
text: Ballard enters the elevator.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB 244,
text: Sheppard walks in and sits down at a table. He is
text: smiling, as he orders a drink.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM 2442.
text: Lazarus runs out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT, ELEVATOR 4 7 245,
text: Ballard gets out and looks around the tops of the
text: buildings. He is at the top level...hundreds of feet
text: off the top of the platform. The shuttle is on the
text: platform below and to the right. Liquid oxygen vapor
text: is rising from the refueling hoses,
text: O'Niel is still slumped with his back to the elevator...
text: on the catwalk above the edge of the Greenhouse. He
text: feels his shoulder and winces. He slowly starts to get
text: up, and turns around.
text: The tracer bullets roar towards him. They strike the
text: enormous solar collectors, each almost one ‘hundred feet
text: square, that stretch over the power plant. There is a
text: blinding shower of blue sparks, and the bullets strike
text: the panels. Electric arcs snap up and down.
text: O'Niel flattens himself on che catwalk, He can see the
text: stxobe light flashing in the background. He knows some-
text: one has used the elevator.
text: Ballard makes his way towards O'Niel. He is on one
text: side of the power station,..O'Niel on the other.
text: O'Niel makes his way towards the back of one of the
text: enormous panels...keeping as low as he can,
dialog: 245.
dialog: 
dialog: 122.
text: Continued 245.
text: Ballard has reached the catwalk at the other end of the
text: collector panels...and starts to climb on the ridge of
text: one of the panels.
text: O'Niel stays on the tiny catwalk...twenty feet over the
text: top of the paneis,..and crawls along,
text: Below...the four titanic panels shimmer with electrical
text: energy. Blue lines of arc light ripple upwards across
text: them. Hundreds of feet below...the transformers are
text: buzzing menacingly.
text: Ballard is stalking along the top of one collector
text: panel, O'Niel is crawling along the catwalk above him.
text: Both the catwalk and the top of the panel are only
text: about four feet wide.
text: O'Niel waits until Ballard is almost directly below
text: him. He swings over the catwalk railing, and drops
text: straight down,..kicking violently...and striking the
text: side of Ballard's helmet.
text: The impact sends Ballard reeling forwards. The gun
text: goes flying out of his hands. The impact also sends
text: O'Niel floating backwards...over the side of the collector
dialog: panel.
text: The gun floats down and scrapes along the side of the
text: panel, There is an explosion of sparks by the mere
text: contact of the chargedfield. The light display of
text: sparks continues as the gun strikes the bottom panei.
text: It falls hundredsof feet down.
text: O'Niel desperately grabs the ridge along the top of the
text: panel...and tries to prevent his leg from touching the
text: side. Ballard has stumbled to his feet. He turns
text: to see O'Niel's desperate struggle to gain a footing
text: on the top ridge...without touching the panel.
text: O'Niel sees that it is Ballard. There is a moment of
text: recognition between them.
text: Ballard lunges for O'Niel. O'Niel grabs on to his leg.
text: Ballard is trying to kick O'Niel off...sending him
text: against the enormous voltage of the blue arc laden panels.
text: The two men struggle ferociously...balanced precariously
text: on the thin ridge. The entire expanse of the power
text: station and the mine platform sprawl down below.
text: Ballard lashes out with the intensity of a rabid animal,
text: O'Niel holds on for dear life. He pulls on the man's
text: ankle. The ridge of the panel is too thin. Ballard
text: loses his balance.
speaker_heading: ASVLISW we ew ewwe
dialog: 123.
dialog: Continued. 245,
text: Both men tumble over the side...and float past the
text: sparking panel. Their struggle is lit by the fuming
text: mass of orange in the sky. They claw at the air...
text: trying to find something to grab on to, and trying to
dialog: avoid contact with the panel.
text: O'Niel manages to grab onto the struts under the first
text: row of collector panels, and above the second row. [It
text: stops his fall. Ballard grabs the same strut.
text: They both grapple and climb onto the narrow strut.
text: Their images flicker in the blue sparks, and are rim~
text: lit by the orange from Jupiter in the black sky.
text: The wound in O'Niel's shoulder is beginning to take
text: its toll. He can't hold on with both arms. Ballard
text: leaps at O'Niel...,and starts to pry his one hand
dialog: from the strut. O'Niel doesn't have the strength
text: to keep holding on, He takes his free hand and reaches
text: around for the valve leading from Ballard's air tank.
text: Ballard has almost succeeded in prying O'Niel's hand
text: from the strut...when O'Niel closes the valve, Ballard
text: draws a breath, and starts to choke. He involuntarily
text: lets go of O'Niel...to reach for his air valve.
text: O'Niel makes one last kick with both legs at the chest
text: of Ballard, both of whose hands are on his back. It
text: is enough to send him down and sideways, Ballard's
text: right boot strikes the surface of the collector panel.
text: There is a blue-white eruption of sparks, Ballard's
text: body goes rigid with the jolt. He strikes the panel
text: again. Another shower of terrible light. He tumbles
text: slowly downward...skipping off the panel...shimmering
text: with the electricity that is surging through him,
text: He falls free...hundreds of feet downward. He is not
text: moving. His stiff body almost disappears in the -
text: distance...when it lands on the transformers, The buz~
text: zing of the electricity as it devours him is a harsh
text: flare, on the distant bottom of the platform.
text: O'Niel drapes his arms over the strut. He tries to
text: catch his breath...looking down at the transformers.
text: He leans his head against the strut...and closes his
dialog: eyes.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: AoE
dialog: 247,
speaker_heading: RMEVESCA 1445.05
dialog: 124,
scene_heading: INT. LEISURE CLUB 246.
text: Lazarus enters the room. She is lcoking around for
dialog: O'Niel.
text: The bartenders are working as fast as they can. The
text: crowd around the bar is thick and boisterous. The
text: booths are filled.
text: O'Niel appears at the doorway. His shoulder is bleeding
text: through the bandages. His face is bruised. He stands
dialog: there.
text: It takes a few seconds for seme of the patrons at the
text: tables near the doorway to see O'Niel. They stop
text: talking. The silence spreads to the rest of the tables.
text: Lazarus sees him and smiles...
text: One of the bartenders looks across at the doorway.
text: His frozen expression causes other patrons at the bar
text: to turn around, Soon there is stone silence at the bar.
text: Sheppard sits in his chair. He sees the silent tableau
text: in the bar and then he sees O'Niel across the room.
text: He is motionless,
text: O'Niel starts to walk towards Sheppard. It is painful
text: for him to move. His progress is slow. He passes by
text: the silent patrons at the bar and the tables. He is
dialog: halfway across...then three quarters...and finally...
text: he reaches Sheppard.
text: Sheppard stands up.
text: The two men face each other, O'Niel starts to speak.
speaker_heading: O'NIEL
dialog: Sheppard...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh...fuck it.
text: He swings a round house right and absolutely decks
dialog: Sheppard.
text: He looks around and walks silently and deliberately out
dialog: of the Leisure Club.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. I0 247,
text: Jupiter dwarfs the mining town, The relentless brown
text: terrain of Io rises in craggy symmetry towards the horizon
text: Over this, we see printed out as it is typed from the
dialog: 125.
dialog: 247. Continued. 247,
dialog: computer keyboard:
scene_heading: MESSAGE TO O'NIEL, CAROL G,
speaker_heading: FROM O'NIEL, W.T.
text: ARRIVING IN TIME FOR FLIGHT.
scene_heading: KEEP TICKET WARM, JOB DONE
text: KISS PAUL FOR ME, LOOKING
dialog: FORWARD TO SLEEPING WITH YOU
speaker_heading: FOR A YEAR
dialog: O'NIEL, W.T.
speaker_heading: END TRANSMISSION
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
speaker_heading: ~END~
dialog: 
