speaker_heading: PACIFIC RIM
dialog: by
dialog: Travis Beacham
speaker_heading: PREFACE: LEXICON
dialog: (A supplementary guide to pertinent terms and jargon...)
text: * Anteverse. the older, parent universe on the other side of the
speaker_heading: Interstice
dialog: + bruiser. (slang) Jaeger gunner
dialog: + BTB. brain-to-brain interface (see Pons or DRIFT)
text: * conn-pod. the Jaeger's detachable cockpit module; sometimes
dialog: called a Conn
dialog: * COSDEC. Pacific Rim Combined Special Defense Corp
dialog: * drift. (slang) a joint vision shared by Jaeger crew members
text: while directly linked via the Pons; triggered by subconscious
text: stimuli, a generally involuntary but seldom debilitating
dialog: phenomenon
text: + drivesuit. the Jaeger/pilot interface suit designed to monitor
dialog: vital signs and to translate nerve signals to piloting input
dialog: * ghost-drift. (slang) a kind of quasi-telepathic vision shared
dialog: (by parties with a pre-existing Pons connection) without the
dialog: aid of a hard neural interface; commonly triggered by stress,
dialog: physical proximity, or coinciding REM sleep patterns
dialog: + headspace. (slang) virtual space inside the O/S in which crew
dialog: telepresences interact (see PONS or DRIFT)
text: * HUD. the Jaeger's perceptual heads-up-display; projected
dialog: inside the subject's brain
dialog: + The Interstice. the rift between our universe and the
text: anteverse; in the mid-Pacific at a depth of about 5 miles
text: + Jaeger. specialized threat response mech; piloted by a two-
dialog: person crew via direct neural linkup
dialog: * KJ. (slang) kaiju
text: + Kodiak. main campus of the Cosdec Defence College
text: leftover. (slang) the surviving crewmate of a Jaeger operator
dialog: who is KIA (exceedingly rare; in the majority of incidents,
dialog: both crew members perish)
dialog: LOCCENT. short for Local Command Center, command and dispatch
dialog: for local operations
text: Midway. highly classified research facility and surveillance
text: station; HQ for COSDEC's ultra-secret Science Division
dialog: Osaka Exclusion Zone. formerly the city of Osaka; rendered
text: uninhabitable from radiological and biological contaminants of
dialog: first kaiju attack
dialog: Pons. the BTB server specifically designed to facilitate the
dialog: direct neural interface required to operate the Jaeger
text: The Precursors. the unofficial Sci-Division code name for the
text: hypothetical entities on the other side of the Interstice
text: Science Division/Sci-Division. an ultra-secret research arm of
speaker_heading: COSDEC (see MIpway)
dialog: Trespasser. reporting name for the first kaiju; known from the
dialog: November 9th attack on Osaka
text: V-50 Jumphawk. the VTOL tiltrotor aircraft used for Jaeger
dialog: deployment
text: wetport. direct neural interface prosthesis; an outlet behind
text: the ear by which the Pons can port directly into the user's
dialog: temporal lobe
text: BLACKNESS.
text: A deep, thunderous BOOM, like a mountain hitting the ground.
text: A garbled radio VOICE laughs triumphantly.
speaker_heading: VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Game on! That sonuvabitch is down!
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ZUMA-1 -- DUSK
text: We're tight on a young man’s face -- his square jaw tense;
text: his short, dirty blond hair damp with sweat; his eyes focused
text: and urgent. He’s RALEIGH ANTROBUS (23), a rare sort of pilot.
text: We don't see much. It feels dark, cramped, and busy. Perhaps
text: a cockpit. We're dimly aware of Raleigh's view reflected on
text: the glass visor of his helmet -- a flat, blue horizon.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Stand by for confirmation...
speaker_heading: VOICE (FILTERED)
dialog: Rals! We got him! Nothing gets up
dialog: from a hit like that!
text: Raleigh's tension starts to ease, but just as a smile of
text: relief begins to creep across his lips, we see something move
text: in the reflection on his helmet --
text: A shape; distorted, out of focus, monstrous, vast... Alive.
text: Chilling in its size and obscurity as it rises to darken the
text: reflection. We hear a bone-shuddering ROAR.
text: Raleigh's smile melts away. His game-face quickly takes hold.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Look sharp, Yance! He’s getting up!
scene_heading: INT. COUNSELOR'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Raleigh wakes on the couch (a year older). He unplugs a wire
text: from a port behind his ear and quickly sits up.
text: His COUNSELOR, a calm man in uniform, unplugs his own wire,
text: disconnecting from the Pons brain-to-brain server.
text: Raleigh perches anxiously on the edge of the couch. The
text: Counselor gives him a second. Raleigh scratches the data port
text: discreetly embedded in the flesh behind his ear lobe.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I need to get this damn thing taken
dialog: out. I’m not a driver any more.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: COUNSELOR
dialog: I know you’ve had a rough go at it
dialog: so far, but the port can actually
dialog: be useful in therapy --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Sharing headspace with my own
dialog: brother was crowded enough. I don’t
dialog: wanna make room for anyone else.
speaker_heading: COUNSELOR
dialog: Alright. We can do it the old
dialog: fashioned way. Talk it out...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: No. Listen. I don’t want to relive
dialog: that day. Okay? I want to bury it.
speaker_heading: COUNSELOR
dialog: But you can't avoid the triggers.
dialog: This is the world we live in now.
text: Raleigh stands up to leave. The Counselor catches him,
text: putting a hand on his shoulder and confiding earnestly.
speaker_heading: COUNSELOR (CONT’D)
dialog: This is a dagger in your heart,
dialog: man. The deeper you bury it, the
dialog: harder it hurts. You’ll feel it
dialog: every time you hear about another
dialog: attack and you won’t know why...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I can tell you why -- because I’m
dialog: helpless. And nothing you can say
dialog: will ever change that...
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh passes the reception area on the way out. A handful
text: of uniformed PERSONNEL are glued to the news on a wall-
text: mounted tv. Raleigh stops. He can’t help himself.
text: On the news, we see shots of toppled buildings, upturned
text: cars, and splintered Japanese billboards. The label at the
text: bottom of the screen tells us it’s Tokyo.
speaker_heading: CNN ANCHOR (FILTERED)
dialog: -- the second attack in four
dialog: months, up from last year --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just a moment...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: In the chaotic rubble, we pull back from a "hill" that turns
text: out to be the flank of some vast carcass, entrails spilled
text: across the fractured streets like sagging hot air balloons.
text: We see also the wreck of a heavily-armored, human-shaped mech
text: -- a Jaeger. MEN drag the distraught GUNNER from the wreck, a
text: young Asian girl in a form-fitting drivesuit (more later).
speaker_heading: CNN ANCHOR (FILTERED) (CONT’D)
dialog: We're seeing the gunner now. And
dialog: officials are confirming that
text: tragically her crewmate, pilot Aki
text: Seto, has died in the attack.
text: Raleigh shakes himself from the grim news and promptly exits.
scene_heading: EXT. SHINAGAWA -- NIGHT
text: A cluster of tents amidst heaps of rubble. The wrecked Jaeger
text: and kaiju carcass still looms in the background. Helicopters
text: circle overhead, throwing light down on the mess.
dialog: SUPER: Shinagawa Incident Zone -- Tokyo, Japan
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL TENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: The improvised field hospital swarms with DOCTORS treating
text: the CASUALTIES of the attack.
text: The gunner from the news footage, MAKO MORI (22), sits
text: catatonic, her arm in a sling. Her hair hugs her face ina
text: helmet-like Chinese bob. She has firm and quiet bearing.
text: A man in uniform spots her. STACKER PENTECOST, a black Briton
text: with a face that is at all times the very picture of
text: confident serenity. He tries to get her attention.
dialog: (NOTE: Hereafter, italicized dialogue indicates "spoken
dialog: Japanese with English subtitles.")
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Lieutenant Mori... Lieutenant...
dialog: Lieutenant... Mako...
text: Finally, she looks up.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: They've cleared you to go.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: How's the Jaeger?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
text: The core's fried.
text: He takes a seat beside her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: Aki was a hero, Mako. He saved the
dialog: city. He saved your life.
text: She doesn't react.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: You can go now. You know that,
dialog: right? You don't have to stay.
text: Slowly, she turns to him.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Where can I go? My Jaeger is
dialog: broken. My winger is gone. What am
dialog: I now? Who am I?
scene_heading: EXT. JAEGER-MEISTER’S BAR & GRILL -- NIGHT
text: A dive bar fronting a small, gravel parking lot off a dark
text: seaside highway -- an island of neon in the night.
text: SUPER: Jaeger-Meister's Bar & Grill -- Port Hueneme,
dialog: California
speaker_heading: FLICK (PRE-LAP)
dialog: So does our source have a name?
scene_heading: INT. COMPACT CAR -- CONTINUOUS
text: The dive’s neon sign casts a lurid glow on the windshield.
text: In the driver's seat, FELICITY "FLICK" KINCAID. A clever girl
text: in faded denim and paisley cotton, a canyon bohemian flavor.
text: She tucks her rambunctious blonde curls behind her ear.
text: A series of brief, cryptic emails, fanned out in the
text: passenger seat. She speaks to her IT guy (JIM) through a
text: bluetooth headset as she takes notes.
speaker_heading: JIM (FILTERED)
dialog: I couldn't crack the remailer, but
text: I pinged the dropbox and got a hit.
dialog: It’s a cpo.org server.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: CPO -- ?
text: She scribbles notes, glancing up at the PATRONS leaving the
text: bar, most in standard-issue jumpsuits from the nearby Jaeger
text: base. She’s expecting someone.
speaker_heading: JIM (FILTERED)
dialog: Calixto Particle Observatory. Peru.
text: Just outside of Lima.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Yeah? What do they observe?
speaker_heading: JIM (FILTERED)
dialog: Quarks, bosons, tachyons -- you
dialog: know, stuff no one’s heard of.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: So our guy’s a particle physicist.
speaker_heading: JIM (FILTERED)
dialog: You're not going to Peru, right?
text: Already, she’s surfing her smartphone for airplane tickets.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Not as far as you know.
speaker_heading: JIM (FILTERED)
dialog: I’m lying to your editor again?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: He won’t understand.
speaker_heading: JIM (FILTERED)
dialog: That your leaving the country
dialog: instead of emailing the guy?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I send him questions. His replies
dialog: are vague and infrequent. If he’s
dialog: got the answers he claims to have,
dialog: I need to meet him.
speaker_heading: JIM (FILTERED)
dialog: You don’t know how solid he is.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I will when I shake his hand.
speaker_heading: JIM (FILTERED)
dialog: You'll spook the hell out of him.
dialog: He wants to be anonymous.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: It’s not me he’s scared of. If it
dialog: is, he’s screwing with me.
text: She spots Raleigh staggering out of the bar and quickly wraps
text: up her conversation.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to go. Thanks, Jim. I owe
dialog: you one.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: She grabs her stack of e-mails and gets out of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. JAEGER-MEISTER’S BAR & GRILL -- CONTINUOUS
text: Flick chases after Raleigh.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Raleigh.
text: He spots her, and keeps walking, indifferent. She follows.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I've been trying to get a hold of
dialog: you. Ever check your messages?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I’m not going on the record, Flick.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I’m not looking for an interview.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Oh? You’re not? You’ve finally
dialog: given up that tired dead end story?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: There’s a region off Midway that’s
text: been spitting out giant monsters
dialog: for over a decade. How can it still
dialog: be such a goddamned mystery? --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I dunno, but the ocean floor is
text: like five miles deep out there.
dialog: It’s not the easiest place to know.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: So COSDEC’s just clueless?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Probably not, but it’s all rumors
dialog: by the time it gets to us jocks.
text: He gets to his car and unlocks the door. Flick drops her ace.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Do they call it the Interstice?
text: He stops -- they obviously do.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Yance let that word slip every once
dialog: in a while.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn’t even remember until I got
dialog: this anonymous email:
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “They know what the Interstice is.”
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: We shouldn’t be talking about this.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: What is the Interstice?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I thought this wasn’t an interview.
text: She relents; she knows why she really hunted him down.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: It’s not. I’m just -- Jesus, it's
dialog: been like a year since we've talked
dialog: at all... I was his fiancée. We're
dialog: like family. Friends at least...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Exes?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Ex-what? I was never sure...
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: You ever have a nightmare too awful
dialog: to talk about, Rals?
text: He ignores the question.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw how close you and your
dialog: brother were. I did a piece about
dialog: it. What you and me had, it felt so
dialog: -- small. I never thought you cared
dialog: enough to miss it... Yance said you
dialog: were cool with me and him.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: If Yance said it...
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: But you never did. You never said
dialog: anything. You just avoided us...
dialog: And I wonder if he'd be alive if
dialog: not for me. I wonder if I screwed
text: up the bond that drove the machine.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Goddamn, Flick. Today of all days.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Sorry, but I've been living with --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: He was my brother, Flick!
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: It's my nightmare! Okay? And when I
dialog: wake up screaming...
dialog: (trailing off)
dialog: You won't call me back, Raleigh...
text: She closes her eyes and pinches the bridge of her nose,
text: embarrassed, collecting herself. She can't meet his eyes.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: You know how the Pons works? Two
text: Jaeger pilots driving the rig with
dialog: their brains, all those thoughts
dialog: bleeding between them... Every time
dialog: me and Yancy plugged in, I hada
dialog: front row seat. All those intimate
dialog: moments. I've walked in on you two
dialog: more times than you even know. It
dialog: was torture driving that Jaeger
dialog: with him. Just torture.
text: Flick stares at him, frozen, tears welling up in her eyes.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
dialog: So you want me to tell you none of
dialog: that colored my judgment; that I
dialog: put it aside and did all I could?
dialog: (pausing to reflect)
dialog: Well, I'm sorry Flick, but I
dialog: dunno... Probably not.
text: Tears spill from her eyes. She can find no words. Finally,
text: she SLAPS him as hard as she can.
text: He watches her storm back to her car. She throttles it out of
text: the gravelly lot, ripping plumes of dust in her taillights.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Raleigh staggers into his small mobile home.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh splashes water on his face and meets his reflection
text: in the small mirror, fractured as if by bare knuckles some
dialog: fitful night not so long ago.
dialog: He steels
text: his cold expression and nods slowly -- Yes, this is
dialog: who you are, Raleigh.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: His brow cracks and he collapses over the toilet puking up
text: every shred of the stony facade he's been holding, revealing
text: the raw anguish and self-doubt, red-faced and heaving.
text: Through his GASPING he almost doesn't hear the KNOCKING at
dialog: his front door...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh takes a deep breath before he opens the door to find
text: a uniformed military officer on his doorstep, LIEUTENANT-—
text: COMMANDER ROSCOE CALHOUN. He gives Raleigh a familiar grin.
speaker_heading: CALHOUN
dialog: Hey, Raleigh... Got a minute?
scene_heading: EXT. RALEIGH'S HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: The mobile home overlooks the seaside strawberry fields off a
text: dark stretch of the PCH. Raleigh sits on the tailgate of his
text: old pickup as Calhoun smokes his cigarette.
text: In the distance, the Point Mugu Air Station, where the
text: silhouettes of the LA Strike Group's two Jaegers tower in the
text: ocean fog, waiting, red caution lights blinking placidly.
speaker_heading: CALHOUN
dialog: Tokyo's down one Jaeger. It's the
dialog: biggest city on the Rim. It's
text: COSDEC headquarters. The brass
dialog: wants redundancy. They want a crew
dialog: covering that second Jaeger.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: And you think I know somebody?
text: Calhoun knows Raleigh sees it coming, so he gets to it.
speaker_heading: CALHOUN
dialog: They just need some understudies,
dialog: at least until the rooks graduate
dialog: this summer. A few months tops.
dialog: You'll go to Tokyo all expenses
dialog: paid, you'll eat some sushi, and
dialog: you'll be back in time for June
dialog: gloom. It's a cushy gig.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: The attacks are coming faster --
speaker_heading: CALHOUN
dialog: There's no evidence of long-term --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: You don't shoehorn two burnt-out
dialog: leftovers into a Pons and call ita
dialog: Jaeger crew if you're not expecting
dialog: some new kind of trouble.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CALHOUN
dialog: (leveling with Raleigh)
dialog: We don't know what to expect...
dialog: Look, you lost your winger and the
dialog: weight of the whole damn city fell
dialog: on your shoulders; and for seventy-
dialog: seven seconds you carried it, and
dialog: you finished the fight.
text: A silence passes as Raleigh reflects on the proposition.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Who's your other sucker?
speaker_heading: CALHOUN
dialog: Another survivor...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Not the girl from the news?
speaker_heading: CALHOUN
dialog: Name's Mako Mori. She's a little
dialog: thing, but she's tough as nails.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I'm a mess and lost Yance over a
dialog: year ago. She lost hers today...
speaker_heading: CALHOUN
dialog: (sighing, a surrender)
dialog: Hell, I dunno. I've never tried on
dialog: that skyscraper suit.
text: They stare out towards the two distant Jaegers, looming like
text: industrial colossuses in the silver murk of the marine layer.
speaker_heading: CALHOUN (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, I always wanted to ask --
dialog: What's it feel like?
text: Raleigh turns to him, brow furrowed, not sure if he's
text: serious. He is. Raleigh turns and stares at the Jaeger's
text: silhouette for a while before answering.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: There’s things you just can’t
dialog: fight. Acts of God or whatever.
dialog: Like you see a hurricane coming,
dialog: you just have to get out of the
dialog: way, you know? But when you’re ina
dialog: Jaeger, suddenly you can draw a
dialog: line in the sand. You can fight the
dialog: hurricane -- and you can win.
text: Calhoun nods quietly, he gives Raleigh a moment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: CALHOUN
dialog: I'm sorry to bother you, Raleigh.
dialog: You take care of yourself, okay?
text: He starts away. Raleigh watches him go, dwelling on that
text: final thought. He finally speaks up.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I never said I wouldn't do it.
text: Calhoun turns and raises an eyebrow.
scene_heading: INT. FLICK'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Flick packs a suitcase, her eyes still red, her hands still
text: shaking slightly.
text: She has to stop and take a seat at the edge of the bed. Her
text: eyes meet a frame on the wall.
text: A VANITY FAIR cover: Raleigh and his brother in their pilot
text: gear, standing arms crossed before the silhouette their
text: Jaeger, "HEART OF THE TANK: The Antrobus Bros. Reveal What
dialog: Drives the Men Who Drive the Jaeger -- by Felicity Kincaid."
text: Flick folds herself up on the bed beside the half-packed
text: suitcase. She rests her head on the pillow and locks her raw
text: eyes on the framed picture.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT POND -- NIGHT (DREAM)
text: A pool hemmed by sandstone boulders bristling with sage. A
text: man stands naked on the rocks, covered in blood. He falls.
text: Flick runs. But she doesn't catch him.
text: She perches at the overhang, looking down. The man breaks the
text: surface and throws his head back, suddenly okay.
text: The man is Yancy Antrobus, Raleigh's brother. We see the
text: resemblance, but he's more carefree than his younger brother,
text: an assured soul with the charm of a barefoot troubadour.
text: Wisps of red spread from him, turning the pool to blood.
speaker_heading: YANCY
dialog: Come on in, Flick.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I can't, Yance.
speaker_heading: YANCY
dialog: Well you can't stay out there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Flick looks back to see a wildfire sweeping over the scrub
text: around her. Something stirs beyond the flames; something huge
text: and alive, as if part of the horizon itself was waking up.
text: Its shape rises high and obscure behind the swirling cinders,
text: towering over the desert; a vast behemoth shadowed in smoke
text: and night, rearing up to blot out the stars.
text: Yancy flashes Flick reassuring smile as he treads blood.
speaker_heading: YANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Jump in, babe. Come on. There's
dialog: nothing for you out there...
text: Behind her, the pitch-dark kaiju BELLOWS; a dull, bestial
text: grumble made loud and bone-shuddering by the sheer size of
text: the beast. The THROBBING ground announces its every step.
text: Hundreds of feet overhead, it's jagged jaws glow furnace-like
text: from within. Ignescent saliva drips from it's teeth like
text: molten napalm, fueling the encroaching wildfire.
text: An AIR RAID SIREN wails and Flick steps back, unconsciously
text: inching away from the blazing heat -- until her last step
text: finds only air, and she falls into the pool of blood.
scene_heading: INT. FLICK'S BEDROOM -- MORNING
text: The AIR RAID SIREN becomes the nasal BLEATING of an alarm
text: clock. Flick wakes with a start, still in her clothes,
dialog: exactly where we left her the previous night.
text: She looks at the clock. It's been going off for a while.
text: She's running late. Without changing, she puts on her shoes,
text: zips up her suitcase, and rushes out.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL COMMAND COMPLEX -- DAY
text: A causeway extends to a man-made island in Tokyo Bay where
text: stands a small city of sleek, robust buildings: crew
text: dormitories, administration, and SuperCom.
text: The largest structure, a series of arching petals ringing the
text: launch area like the rim of an artfully broken dome, a modern
text: flourish that lends the facility its nickname -- Shatterdome.
dialog: SUPER: Pacific Rim Combined Special Defense Corps Central
dialog: Command -- Tokyo, Japan
scene_heading: EXT. THE GREEN -- CONTINUOUS
text: An SUV emblazoned with the COSDEC shield pulls up and lets
text: Raleigh out on the rolling, carefully-manicured lawn.
text: He's cleaned up: groomed, shaved, and in uniform. He hoists a
text: duffle bag over his shoulder and searches the UNIFORMS
text: milling on the grass. A voice calls after him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (0.S.)
dialog: Sub-Lieutenant Raleigh Antrobus?
text: Commander Pentecost approaches with intimidating poise.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: Lieutenant-Commander Stacker
dialog: Pentecost.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Good to meet you, sir.
text: He indicates for Raleigh to follow him.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: I'll be conducting your training.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Due respect, sir, but I've been
dialog: through training.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: With whom?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Who was your winger? Was it your
dialog: best mate? Your girlfriend?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: It was my brother, sir.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Well I'm sure you know Sub-
dialog: Lieutenant Mori is not your
dialog: brother. And that COSDEC's
dialog: preference for crews who share a
dialog: history is not at all arbitrary.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: What you don't know is how hard it
dialog: will be to share headspace with a
dialog: stranger. It'll be like you've
dialog: never driven a Jaeger in your life.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM -- DAY
text: Mako towels off her sweat, numb and weary. Her slim frame
text: might seem girlish in street attire, but her sports bra and
text: shorts utterly fail to hide her long, taut ninja's physique.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Another Japanese girl enters, surprised to find Mako. KAORI
text: JESSOP (22), a pilot for the second Jaeger -- taller than
text: Mako with longer, curlier hair.
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: I hate that they're making you do
dialog: this. So soon after...
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: I volunteered. There's like three
dialog: other loners in the world and none
dialog: of them give a shit about Tokyo.
dialog: It's my hometown. I signed up as
dialog: soon as I heard they were looking.
text: She changes into casual attire as Kaori gets into her gym
text: clothes, eying her with friendly concern.
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: Are you sure you're okay?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: It's been two weeks. I passed the
dialog: psych evaluation.
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: Sure, I just thought you might want
dialog: to talk about it.
text: Mako says nothing. Kaori surrenders the conversation. About
text: to close her locker, Mako spots a photo of her and Aki. She
text: touches the corner as if about to peel it off, but stops.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: You know what the worst part is?
dialog: The silence. You don't even
dialog: remember what silence is until it
text: comes flooding back.
text: A long moment. Finally Mako looks up at Kaori. She shuts the
text: locker and sits on the dressing bench. A deep breath.
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: The American's here?
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: I saw Pentecost showing him around.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: What's he like?
speaker_heading: KAORI
text: From a distance? Maybe an eight.
text: Mako shakes her head and half snickers. Kaori grins warmly
text: and leaves her to finish dressing.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT GALLERY -- LATER
text: Pentecost leads Raleigh through an observation gallery
text: overlooking a mission control center buzzing with OFFICERS.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Here's our LOCCENT. Much like your
text: own back at LASG, no doubt.
text: A plethora of consoles fan out from an incomprehensible
text: mosaic of holographic data filling the dome-shaped screen
text: that encompasses the command center's front wall.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: It's a drill.
text: Raleigh lingers, squinting at the officer at the center of
text: the action: a broad shouldered Japanese man in a crisp
scene_heading: uniform -- COMMANDER KAZ TAKADA (50).
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: Commander Takada...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I thought that was him. Why's he
text: running drills in LOCCENT?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
text: The Supreme Commander doubles as CO
dialog: of the Tokyo Strike Group.
scene_heading: INT. SHATTERDOME -- DAY
text: Pentecost leads Raleigh onto the mezzanine overlooking the
text: main floor of the Jaeger launch bay.
text: Below - the wide floor of the launch bay. Sunlight spills
text: through the open top of the partial dome onto the mammoth
text: machines and giant equipment needed to service the Jaegers.
text: The nearest Jaeger stands at its docking tower: A Mark-2
text: dubbed TACIT RONIN. Lean and nimble, his streamlined armor
text: flecked with stark digital camo - steel blue on cool grey. An
text: ultra-modern twenty-six story kickboxer.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: There's Tacit Ronin. And -- ah,
dialog: yes, her crew's actually over here.
text: Two Jaeger jocks sit on the edge of mezzanine platform, a
text: young couple in matching track suits.
dialog: We've already met Kaori Jessop. The man is her husband - DUC
text: JESSOP (23). Korean-Australian. An Asian face, but the
text: bleached hair and drawl of an Aussie surfer. The flashy boots
text: he wears with his jumpsuit testify to his love of Westerns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT'D)
dialog: Lieutenant Kaori Jessop and Sub-
dialog: Lieutenant "Duck" Jessop.
text: Kaori smiles and nods a wordless greeting. Duc shakes his
text: head and tightens his lips.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Do not listen to this Limey! It's
dialog: "Duke!" Not "Duck." "Duke!" As in —
text: He jumps down from the scaffolding and strikes a cowboy pose,
text: aiming his finger like a pistol as he slips into John Wayne
text: as Rooster Cogburn (startlingly good).
speaker_heading: DUC (CONT'D)
dialog: "Fill your hand, you son of a
dialog: bitch!"
text: He smiles broad and opens the pistol to invite a handshake.
text: Raleigh takes it and nods firmly.
speaker_heading: DUC (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Pentecost)
dialog: He met his scrap heap yet?
text: Raleigh tries to get a clear look at the second Jaeger,
text: standing at the distant end of of the bay, partially hidden
text: by scaffolding and cranes.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Hey yours will be lucky to last as
dialog: long as that "scrap heap" the way
dialog: you treat it.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: That's goddamn right!
text: Pentecost leads Raleigh into a nearby
speaker_heading: CAGE ELEVATOR
text: and shuts the door. As they ride it down, Raleigh doesn't
text: take his eyes off the second Jaeger. The lift bottoms out on
speaker_heading: THE MAIN FLOOR
text: where Pentecost and Raleigh exit. Raleigh narrows his eyes at
text: the obscured mech: something about the color intrigues him.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Hey, what did he mean "scrap heap?"
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: No one told you? She's a Mark-1.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Raleigh starts to walk faster, almost jogging across the
text: wide, busy floor to get a clear look at the Jaeger.
text: Finally, a huge repair crane rolls away, revealing the
text: Jaeger. Raleigh's mouth gapes at the sight of it.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: (reverent)
dialog: Gipsy Danger...
text: GIPSY DANGER -- Less humanoid than the Mark-2, burlier, more
text: bestial, with back-bending t-rex legs. A monster for the
text: monsters. Armor mottled smoky green and charcoal, bearing the
text: proud scars of all the fights that failed to bring her down.
text: A dinosaurian gladiator; mighty, iconic.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: You know it?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Are you kidding? I was fifteen. I
dialog: knew all their names...
text: Pentecost crosses his arms with a smirk as he watches Raleigh
text: stagger closer, in an awed trance.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
dialog: This was LA's first Jaeger. This
dialog: was the reason we got to sleep at
dialog: night. The reason I am what I am.
text: He lays his palm on the armor, and cranes his neck to marvel
text: at her history, blazed in decals like a soldier's tattoos: a
text: US flag, a Bear Flag, the Rising Sun, the flag of Tokyo, even
text: retro nose-art -- a buxom gypsy pinup riding a bomb.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't drive this. This is like
dialog: Apollo. She's a monument. She
dialog: should be in a museum.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: They tell me she's got one or two
dialog: more fights left in her... Do you?
text: Raleigh smiles earnestly with an awed chuckle, but before he
text: can answer, a Japanese voice calls out.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Is that the American?
text: Raleigh and Pentecost turn to find Mako standing on a catwalk
text: above. She leans on the rail, warily scrutinizing Raleigh.
text: Pentecost answers in Japanese.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Yes. This is Raleigh Antrobus.
dialog: (to Raleigh)
dialog: Your gunner -- Mako Mori.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Hi. Good to meet you.
text: Mako eyes him, and crosses her arms.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Is he talking to me, Sensei?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: You want to come down and say
dialog: hello, Lieutenant?
text: It hits her -- He doesn't speak Japanese.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Would it make any difference what I
dialog: said to him, Sensei?
text: Pentecost sighs. He has no response. Mako gapes at him,
dialog: astonished by the implications of this oversight.
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: What are we even doing here?
text: Pentecost is at a loss. Mako turns and speeds away. Raleigh
text: stares into the empty space where Mako had just been
text: standing, daunted by the realization --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: She doesn't speak English...
text: Pentecost sighs and throws Raleigh a wry, told-you-so grin.
scene_heading: EXT. DOJO -- NIGHT
text: The old-style pagoda stands in contrast to the other
text: futuristic structures of the command complex, perched near
text: the edge of island, overlooking the Bay and Tokyo beyond.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Language is not thought.
scene_heading: INT. DOJO TRAINING HALL -- CONTINUOUS
text: A high atrium-ceiling over a gleaming hardwood floor, painted
text: with a deep scarlet circle throwing red slashes out across
text: the pale brown planks, evoking Japan's "rising sun" emblem.
text: On the circle, Raleigh and Mako stand opposite one another in
text: their standard-issue track suits as Pentecost muses,
text: alternating between English and subtitled Japanese.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: You don't speak the same language.
dialog: So what? You're brain-to-brain in
dialog: the Pons. You're in, where thoughts
dialog: happen. Don't sweat the doorman.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: So should we log some Pons time?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Walk before you run, Lieutenant.
scene_heading: LATER -- FIRST EXERCISE
text: Blindfolded, Mako and Raleigh stand on opposite sides of a
text: table on which sits a scale precariously balanced with neatly
text: stacked weights on each tray. Pentecost watches.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
text: The Jaeger's a huge machine. It
dialog: takes two brains to move her. Like
dialog: a dinosaur. Every step, every
text: gesture is a concert of two minds.
text: With their right hands they meticulously maneuver a new
text: weight to their respective trays; their left hands hold their
text: partner’s wrist tracking the opposite weight’s progress.
text: Simultaneously, they gently deposit their weights. The
text: balance wobbles slightly, but holds.
text: They each pick up the next weight. The movements play out as
text: before, but this time Raleigh arrives slightly early.
text: The scales teeter and fail, spilling the weights.
text: Mako removes her blindfold and sighs, frustrated.
scene_heading: LATER -- ANOTHER EXERCISE
text: Mako and Raleigh stand a good distance apart, juggling a pair
text: of sake bottles between them.
text: Pentecost shouts a signal and after they both nod, he tosses
text: a third bottle into the stream.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: You must be willing to blur the
dialog: seams between your souls.
dialog: (to Raleigh)
dialog: You must become more than partners.
dialog: You must become a mosaic. A union.
text: They manage to keep all three in the air (clearly, this is
text: some version of an exercise they’ve each done before).
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Pentecost signals another bottle. Raleigh affirms just as
text: Mako refuses, and when the bottle enters the stream, Mako
text: misses the catch. Several bottles SHATTER on the floor.
text: Mako paces away in frustration and circles back to reprimand
dialog: Raleigh in Japanese.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: What's wrong with you? Did I look
dialog: like I was ready?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: What'd she say?
scene_heading: STILL LATER -- LAST EXERCISE
text: Pentecost opens a weapons trunk. Mako mutters.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: This isn't working, Sensei. Wash-
text: out cadets have more chemistry.
dialog: What else can be done?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: You will acquaint yourselves as
dialog: warriors have for centuries...
text: He opens a trunk. He smiles and tosses them each a staff.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: Just like the Academy. Let's spar.
text: He crosses his arms. Raleigh and Mako tentatively turn to
text: each other. Mako throws the first strike, a formal move.
text: Raleigh blocks. Pentecost talks as they spar.
text: Raleigh swings. Mako doesn't block in time. He connects with
text: her shoulder. She glares at him. He seems a bit surprised.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: Easy. It's a dialogue. Not a fight.
dialog: Get in her head.
dialog: (to Mako)
dialog: Watch him. What's he thinking?
text: The bout goes on, slow at first, each taking turns -- strike,
text: block, strike, dodge. Pentecost circles them as he speaks.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: There's a vocabulary here. Remark.
dialog: Reply. Pay attention.
dialog: (to Mako)
dialog: You're learning his reflexes,
dialog: Lieutenant. His instincts.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Mako swings and HITS Raleigh's shin before he can jump.
text: Raleigh glances at Pentecost who just smirks and shrugs.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: Even I saw that one coming.
text: Mako's intensity escalates with each blow -- each a little
text: faster and harder than the one before.
text: Mako unleashes a flurry of attacks on Raleigh. He struggles
text: to parry. Pentecost notices the wild look in Mako's eyes.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: You're fighting him, Mori.
text: She JABS her staff into his gut. He doubles over. She swings
text: and CRACKS it across Raleigh's face, loosening his balance.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: Lieutenant Mori, stand down!
text: She spins the last strike into a KICK that sweeps Raleigh's
text: legs out from under him, knocking him to the ground. She
text: pulls back, ready to drive her staff through his skull.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: Mako!
text: She finally stops, standing over Raleigh, her staff clenched
text: his her white knuckles, tears streaming from her angry eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. DOJO -- LATER
text: Mako sits on a bench overlooking the water, staring at
text: Tokyo's glittering skyline across the harbor. Raleigh
text: staggers up, holding an ice pack to his eye.
text: She only glances as he sits beside her, quickly turning back
text: to the skyline before her guilt runs away with her.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Might be a good sign. My brother
dialog: used to kick my ass all the time.
text: After a long silence, Mako finally speaks. They don't
text: understand one another, but Raleigh just lets her talk.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: I keep telling myself to try
dialog: harder, but I've never had to try.
dialog: It just worked... It's not like Aki
dialog: and I were kin or lovers. (He had a
dialog: bit of a crush on Duc actually.)
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: He was just the neighbor's kid --
dialog: until one day I turned around and
dialog: he was the only friend I'd known my
dialog: whole life... I never had to try.
text: Raleigh pulls the ice pack off his eye and Mako finally turns
text: to him, grimly astonished to see the shiner she left him.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Is it bad? It's bad, isn't it?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Holy shit, we are going to die.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD -- DAY
text: A rusty truck plies a muddy lane carved into a sheer cliff.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK -- CONTINUOUS
text: Flick sits in the back seat, huddled away from the precipice.
text: The cab JOSTLES along the jagged contours of the road.
text: The engine SNARLS with effort as the implacable DRIVER pushes
text: it ever upward into the shifting alpine fog.
text: Flick cranes her neck to steal a peek out the cliff-side
text: door, careful not to shift her weight.
text: Outside the tires skirt the ragged ferns clinging to the
text: edge, where the ground plunges down into a soup of clouds.
scene_heading: EXT. CALIXTO PARTICLE OBSERVATORY -- LATER
text: The truck pulls up to a cylindrical, windowless building
text: rising above the misty, lichen-crusted rocks. The Driver lets
text: Flick out at the oddly plain-looking structure.
dialog: SUPER: Calixto Particle Observatory -- Lima Region, Peru
text: The truck HONKS a farewell to Flick and drives away. Flick
text: holds her jacket close. It's not raining, not exactly, but
text: the thick mountaintop mist drenches her as if it were.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CORRIDOR -- CONTINUOUS
text: Flick enters the dim hallway, relieved to be in from the
text: cold. No sound save for the BUZZ of fluorescent lights and
text: the ghostly CROONING of the wind outside.
text: She spots a man come out into the hallway and linger,
text: engrossed by his clipboard. He wears headphones, listening to
text: music. He hasn't noticed her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He's NEWT GOTLIEB (33) -- a lanky, unkempt academic with
text: scruffy brown hair and an impish grin. Geekishly cute in his
text: own peculiar way. Flick attempts to get his attention.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Excuse me...
dialog: (he doesn't hear)
dialog: Excuse me!
text: Finally he looks up and takes off the headphones.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I got an e-mail from someone here
dialog: in reference to an article I'm --
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: You're Felicity Kincaid.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: You can call me Flick... And you
dialog: must be gotlieb@calixto.org?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: No. No, I'm not.
text: She glances at nametag on his lanyard: "Gotlieb." He relents.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: You e-mailed me. “I have info
dialog: relevant to your investigation.”
dialog: That's what you said.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: I figured you probably got stuff
dialog: like that all the time.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I don’t. How substantial is it?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: I don’t know. But I know COSDEC’s
dialog: got it too, and I know they don’t
dialog: talk about it.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: All the more reason to have this
dialog: conversation in person, right?
text: He turns to go.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Stay here. I’1l be right back.
dialog: Don’t touch any--
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No. Actually, could you follow me
dialog: for a sec?
scene_heading: INT. RESEARCH OFFICE -- CONTINUOUS
text: In the messy office space, we find Newt whispering with a
text: stout, bespectacled scientist, MYRON TOYNBEE. Flick waits.
speaker_heading: TOYNBEE
dialog: You e-mailed a reporter?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: I don’t know what I was thinking.
text: After a moment, Toynbee grudgingly confesses --
speaker_heading: TOYNBEE
dialog: I’m glad you did.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: They haven't taken this public.
dialog: They’11l know where it came from.
speaker_heading: TOYNBEE
dialog: We don’t know that it’s classified.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: We don’t know it isn’t.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Guys. I’ve been on this for almost
dialog: a year and I’m in the weeds. You’re
dialog: my only lead. You know it’s
dialog: important. Please, just gimme
dialog: something I can start from, some
text: shred of a foothold. Or I’m stuck.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHIVES -- DAY
text: Big supercomputer cabinets HUM as a SKIRLING dot matrix
text: printer spits out endless sheets of data. Other spools of
text: tractor-feed paper line the wall-to-wall shelves.
text: Flick and Toynbee wait as Newt climbs a ladder to retrieve a
text: particular roll from the top shelf. Flick takes notes.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Eleven years ago, I was interning
dialog: here, under Doctor Ivo Czerny.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TOYNBEE
dialog: Czerny was running a big quantum
dialog: gravity survey.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: And one day, we found this...
text: He pulls out the spool he was looking for, climbs down the
text: ladder, and unrolls the paper for Flick to see.
text: The paper is covered with row after row of numbers. One row
text: near the middle of the sheet is highlighted, but it's hard to
text: see why. Flick shakes her head.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: What am I looking at?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: The hottest graviton signal ever
dialog: detected.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Is that strange?
text: Newt rolls a whiteboard up to draw a broad circle. He draws
text: concentric waves radiating from the circle.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: It's the kind of exotic matter we
dialog: search the cosmos for. This just
dialog: materialized in our own backyard.
text: He flips the board over to a dry-erase world map. He writes a
text: question mark in the middle of the Pacific and circles it
text: with widening concentric waves.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
text: A huge dark matter footprint right
text: in the middle of the Pacific. It
text: was practically screaming at us.
speaker_heading: TOYNBEE
dialog: There was nothing there that could
dialog: put out a signal like that.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: When you say signal --
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Like how radio waves carry radio
text: signals, but written in gravity.
text: He flips the board to draw an RKO-style radio tower beside
text: the circle. He draws radio waves spreading from the top of
text: the tower and points to the waves spreading from the circle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: But somebody built the radio
dialog: tower...
text: Newt and Toynbee exchange a weighty look.
speaker_heading: TOYNBEE
dialog: There was an almost artificial
dialog: regularity to it. Czerny called it
text: some alien intellect.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Aliens?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Not in the sense you're thinking.
dialog: Not aliens from somewhere out in
text: the universe. Aliens from another
text: universe. A parallel universe.
speaker_heading: TOYNBEE
text: There was a logorithmic pattern
dialog: embedded in the transmission -
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Okay, let's try to remember I don't
dialog: have a degree in this...
speaker_heading: NEWT
text: It was like a countdown.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And it ended on November 9th, 2012.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Osaka...
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Exactly! The very first kaiju! And
text: suddenly there was a gaping hole
text: smack in the middle of the Pacific,
dialog: at the exact epicenter of the
dialog: signal we'd been tracking!
speaker_heading: TOYNBEE
dialog: How fast do you think Czerny got
dialog: COSDEC's attention with that one?
speaker_heading: NEWT
text: He gets a call one day. Drops
text: everything and goes out to Midway.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: He works for Sci-Division?
speaker_heading: TOYNBEE
dialog: Worked for Sci-Division.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 27.
dialog: (3)
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: They exiled him to the middle of
dialog: the Australian Outback.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I don't understand. What happened?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Nobody knows what happens at
dialog: Midway. But last time we spoke, he
dialog: dropped some hints that he was
dialog: close to a breakthrough. Said it
dialog: would turn the tide...
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: What kind of a breakthrough?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Couldn't say. Whatever it was, it
dialog: never made it up the chain of
dialog: command. They locked it down... I
dialog: dunno -- Maybe they didn't get it.
dialog: Maybe they didn't believe him.
dialog: Maybe he was wrong...
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: You don't think he was wrong...
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Without knowing what he was working
dialog: on or what he found --
dialog: (reconsidering his answer)
dialog: He was never wrong.
text: A bold statement. Flick takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: If you're right, these things were
dialog: sent here. It's not an accident.
text: It's a war. They're coming faster.
dialog: (leaning forward)
dialog: And somewhere out in the world is a
dialog: man you think knows how to stop it?
dialog: Why didn't you tell anyone?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: I just did...
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL MIRAFLORES -- NIGHT
text: Flick gets out of a cab and heads into her hotel.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Flick walks to her room, thinking. She stops and takes a few
text: steps back. She sees the newspaper on the floor outside one
text: of the rooms. She reaches down to pick it up...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: The headline: "Los Angeles Pilot to Drive Tokyo Jaeger..."
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Flick is already on the phone.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Newt. It's Flick. Hey, where
dialog: exactly did you say Czerny was?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Well, I dunno how far you wanted to
dialog: go for this article, but --
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: It's not an article. Not any more.
scene_heading: EXT. MIRAFLORES -- DAY
text: Atop seaside bluffs, the high-rises and parks of Lima's
text: affluent coastal district glow in the warm sun.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL MIRAFLORES -- DAY
text: Flick stands at the reception desk beside her bags. Her
text: shoulder presses her mobile to her ear as she tries to check
text: out and buy plane tickets at the same time.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Yeah, something came up. I'm
dialog: checking out early.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Sydney. Or Melbourne. Just -- I
dialog: need a flight to Australia.
text: Across the lobby, Newt enters off the street, looking lost.
text: He cranes his to scan the casual crowd of GUESTS. He searches
text: and finally spots Flick at the front desk. He beams.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Hey! I caught you.
text: Finished with both her transactions, Flick hangs up and
text: turns, a bit surprised to see Newt.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Well, I was thinking -- You're
dialog: going to need some help.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: You're bold all of a sudden.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: I got you into this. I feel like I
dialog: need to own up to that.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I got myself into this.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: I held the door open.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL MIRAFLORES -- DAY
text: The front of the hotel overlooks the Pacific from the top of
text: the seaside bluffs. Newt follows Flick out through the
text: outdoor cafe that spills onto the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I absolve you of accountability.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Thanks. I'm still tagging along.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Newt. I know you're worried about
dialog: me. And that's sweet, but --
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Look, I'm going to see my old
dialog: friend, Czerny. If that's where
dialog: you're headed, you're going to have
dialog: a hard time avoiding me.
text: The long BANSHEE WAIL of a siren stills the carefree air.
text: DINERS and PEDESTRIANS begin to scatter in all directions.
text: Flick and Newt stand frozen in their tracks.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: The kaiju siren.
speaker_heading: FLICK NEWT
dialog: A drill -- It can't be an No. It's real. Flick, listen.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay. Listen. I've got a
dialog: scooter. We're getting out of here.
text: The traffic outside the cafe locks up. Impatient DRIVERS
text: leave their cars and run, clotting the thoroughfare with
text: abandoned autos. Newt leads Flick to his Vespa.
scene_heading: EXT. MIRAFLORES STREET -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Newt threads the Vespa between the derelict traffic on the
text: bluff-top road. Flick holds on and watches the ocean.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A mile or so out, the sea bulges unnaturally. Flick
text: unconsciously tightens her grip on Newt. Her mouth opens but
text: she has trouble forming the words.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: It's coming...
text: The water breaks as the kaiju rises, distant but huge -- ten,
text: twenty, then thirty stories tall. Flick can't look away.
text: Reporting name: DENGUE. Arachnoid legs bristling with hairs.
text: Scores of black eyes above a wide reptilian grin. Some unholy
text: fusion of tarantula and dragon. An obscene, alien spectacle.
text: It stalks towards the shore in a slow but enormous gait that
text: closes the distance unexpectedly fast.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Holy shit!
text: But it's not the kaiju he sees. It's something up ahead.
text: Flick doesn't hear the ROAR of the V-50 Jumphawks until they
text: pass over, dragging a wide shadow. Flick looks up.
text: We don't see their huge payload at first, only the massive
text: shadow it casts over Flick and everything around her as the
text: Jumphawks lift it into position a few blocks away.
text: The choppers release their cables and let the thing drop a
text: short distance to the ground. Its weight THUNDERS the street,
text: SHATTERING windows and tripping CAR ALARMS.
text: And as the dust settles, finally we see the titan, rising
text: behind the nearest high-rises, a new feature in the skyline:
text: the Mark-2 Jaeger, PUMA REAL. Armor, mottled khaki/field-grey
text: urban camo. The Peruvian flag emblazoned on its shoulder.
text: The colossus comes alive as giant motors flex its joints with
text: a DEAFENING GROAN like a thousand cellos, preparing.
text: Dengue answers with a SAWMILL SNARL too loud to sound like
text: any animal. The kaiju comes ashore, crossing the beach in a
text: few wide steps before effortlessly cresting the bluff.
text: Its towering spider legs scrabble for purchase on the bluff's
text: edge, pulling down chunks of land (whole condos and all) as
text: the mountain of flesh hauls itself up to confront Puma Real.
text: The kaiju swats the air with its long, arachnid forelimbs,
text: flinging off a cloud of bristly hairs. Most settle on the
text: Jaeger, prickling the armor like a forest of splinters.
text: Some of the cloud breezes past the Jaeger, sailing towards
text: us. It seems harmless at first, just a haze of drifting hairs
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: But as they fall closer, they look less and less like hairs,
text: and more like a dense volley of arrows.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Look out!
text: They fall as a lethal hail of ragged bio-spears on the
text: crowded street -- THUNK THUNK THUNK -- stabbing the pavement,
text: lancing auto hoods, skewering bystanders mid-step.
text: Newt clumsily weaves the Vespa between the falling spears,
text: narrowly missing a few.
text: Up ahead, a DESPERATE MAN steps from his skewered car, his
text: eyes raw with animal fear as he trains a pistol on Newt who
text: has no other choice but to stop the scooter.
text: The Desperate Man shouts in staccato Spanish, thrusting his
text: gun. Newt tries to calm him down in more uncertain Spanish,
text: but the Man has all the patience of a frayed powerline.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Drive! Just go!
text: Newt pulls Flick off and surrenders the scooter to the Man --
text: who ZIPS away, leaving Newt and Flick to flee on foot.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Why did you do that?
text: Newt pulls her down the chaotic street, shouting as they go.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: We were a heartbeat from dead!
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: We still are!
text: Flick looks over her shoulder as Newt drags her. She watches
text: Dengue circle to a position between Puma Real and the street,
text: back to the crowd, a block or two closer than before.
text: She almost trips over a dead body and has to look ahead. She
text: doesn't see the Jaeger launch a volley of missiles.
text: A handful EXPLODE on the kaiju. The rest STREAK over the road
text: to blow out the top floor of a condo a couple miles ahead.
text: Flick turns again, still running.
text: A deafening BOOM as Puma Real lands a hard blow across the
text: kaiju's skull, throwing up a fine red mist of gore.
text: The gossamer red cloud drifts and falls in a torrential
text: downpour on the streets below; utterly soaking Newt, Flick,
text: and everything around them in blood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Dengue staggers back, demolishing the very hotel Flick had
text: just been inside. The cascade of rubble reminds her just how
text: close the battle is drifting.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: They're getting closer!
text: Newt turns and stops, shocked by the proximity of it. He runs
text: to the bluff's edge and motions for Flick.
text: The air festers with NOISE: the SCREAMS, the HOWLING car
text: alarms, the GROANING clamor of the Jaeger's vast machinery,
text: the window-rattling SNARL of the beast.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Come on!
text: He leads her sliding partway down the bluff, stopping where a
text: wide, concrete pipe yawns open. Newt takes Flick's hand and
text: lifts her into the drainage pipe.
text: They find countless other BYSTANDERS huddled in the concrete
text: cave, crammed back into the darkness.
text: The pipe SHUDDERS and JOLTS, dust spilling from its seams.
text: Terrified SCREAMS echo in the darkness, eclipsed by the
text: unthinkable NOISE of the battle overhead.
text: Some suicidal curiosity tugs Flick towards the opening where
text: she cranes her head out and looks straight up, catching a
text: humbling view of the fight - the impossible scale of it.
text: The machine and the monster. Towering. Godlike. Their feet,
text: too close, pulverizing cars on the street; their heads,
text: impossibly distant, three hundred feet straight up.
text: She's close enough to see the kelp and plastic flotsam
text: tangled in the spike-hairs of its soaring arachnid legs.
text: High overhead, Dengue opens his skyscraping jaws to loose a
text: ROAR like Niagra Falls. Puma Real aims its cannon down the
text: monster's throat and fires a THUNDERCRACK shot.
text: The back of the kaiju's head EXPLODES -- just as Newt grabs
text: Flick and pulls her back into the safety of the pipe.
text: Outside, a hail of meat and blood falls, then a brief quiet.
text: A great wall of flesh blurs past the pipe, briefly filling
text: the view as the dead kaiju falls off the bluff.
text: As relative silence settles, Flick staggers out of the pipe
text: with Newt following closely after. Below, the body of Dengue
text: sprawls at the foot of the bluff
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
text: Atop the bluff, Puma Real stands impossibly tall, its
text: shoulders and head fading into the glare of the sun. It
text: powers down, becoming once again as inert as a statue.
text: The V-50's arrive, hovering over the Jaeger, preparing the
text: airlift. Shaken bystanders spill out of the concrete pipe.
text: Flick scrabbles up to the street. SIRENS and LOUDSPEAKERS
text: begin to bleed into the silence of the aftermath.
text: She looks over what was once the traffic jam, now flattened
text: by scores of huge, deep footprints; metal packed and pressed
text: into the sagging, fractured concrete.
text: Her eyes follow the path of the devastation up the steet
text: where the twisted remains of high-rises slump under smoke-
text: filled gaps in the once lovely skyline.
text: She stands in the devastation, soaked in blood, trembling,
text: hollowed out by the shock of it - the capricious scale of
text: this urban scar. Newt lays a comforting hand on her shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. AEROPUERTO INTERNACIONAL JORGE CHAVEZ -- NIGHT
text: A crowded terminal, bustling with TRAVELERS desperate to get
text: out of Lima. Every TV plays news reports of the attack.
text: Flick sits at the gate, staring ahead, dead-eyed. She's
text: changed into clean clothes, but faint traces of dry kaiju
text: blood fleck the edge of her scalp.
text: Newt passes Flick a cup of coffee as he sits beside her.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Hm? Yeah. I'm fine.
text: She doesn't want to talk about it and Newt doesn't want to
text: wear out his welcome, so he clams up and opens a book. Flick
text: shakes her head; apparently it wants to be talked about.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: It's -- It's kinda ridiculous...
dialog: I've never seen it happen. Just in
dialog: tapes. I've never been there in
dialog: person. Can you believe that?
dialog: (a chill)
dialog: It's like the world isn't the place
dialog: you thought it was...
text: She trails off, losing herself to her thousand yard stare.
text: Her attention drifts to a nearby TV, where a graph starkly
text: illustrates the sharp rise in attacks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (0.S.)
dialog: -- unprecedented rash of recent
dialog: incidents has the whole hemisphere
dialog: fearing the next kaiju may be just
dialog: around the corner...
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: What time is it in Tokyo?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Ten in the morning...
text: Flick pulls her phone out of her bag and stands up -- she's
text: been putting this off, but she can't any longer.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I've got to make a call.
scene_heading: INT. RALEIGH'S ROOM -- MORNING
text: His phone rings. Raleigh answers without looking.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: FLICK (FILTERED)
dialog: Raleigh?
scene_heading: INTERCUT FLICK/RALEIGH
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Flick... Where are you?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: An airport... I'm in Lima.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Jesus... Are you okay?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I'm fine... I'm going to Australia
dialog: to meet this scientist...
dialog: (changing the subject)
dialog: I read you were deployed to Tokyo.
dialog: Central Command, right?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: So your CO's the Supreme
dialog: Commander...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Listen, Flick, I really can't --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: No, it's not about an interview --
dialog: (getting to it)
dialog: Raleigh, if I came to you and said
dialog: I'd found a way to stop the
dialog: attacks, would you believe me?
text: Raleigh looks puzzled. Flick waits for an answer. The silence
text: stirs her own doubts, until --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I'd believe you...
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY -- DAY
text: A thick fog. Cars pulled to the shoulder, hastily abandoned.
text: A 5-stack interchange tangles over the empty lanes. We see a
text: hulking shape looming over the road, obscured by fog.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
text: Roma-1 to LOCCENT. Gipsy Danger in
dialog: position. Motor active in three -
dialog: two - one.
text: On the one count, the shape comes alive -- joints FLEXING
text: mechanically, as if bracing itself.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (FILTERED)
dialog: Roger, Roma-1. Target is a Cat-3
dialog: KJ. Reporting name: Slattern. Three
dialog: miles west, inbound. You are clear
text: to engage on sight. Happy hunting.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: The cockpit; a seat in a nest of cables. Raleigh sits ina
text: shoulder harness, signal lines ported into his drivesuit, his
text: body embedded deep in the seat's gel-filled shock padding -
text: almost cozy, in an intensely claustrophobic way.
text: His arms, tucked deep into hefty drum-like control-sleeves
text: flanking the seat. A bundle of fibre optic wires trails like
text: raw nerves from a port just behind his ear lobe.
text: Ahead of him, we see what he sees - a wide, IMAX view of the
text: outside world (projected straight into his brain), as if the
dialog: pod has no front wall:
text: The sky, the interchange, and the freeway hundreds of feet
text: below, translucent data drifts through the augmented reality:
text: gauges, dials, and digital targeting geometry.
text: GHOSTLY VOICES and DREAMY ECHOES haunt the air: familiar and
text: unfamiliar; Japanese and English; fractured conversations in
text: the aether. Ambient thoughts, always there on some level.
text: Raleigh squints into the fog, frustrated.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
text: Visibility low. It's all soup.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako's pod looks basically identical to Raleigh's. She
text: listens as Pentecost repeats Raleigh in Japanese.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (FILTERED)
dialog: (subtitled)
text: Visibility low. It's all soup.
text: She nods and replies in Japanese (no subtitle; we'll hear
dialog: Pentecost's translation).
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 1 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (FILTERED)
dialog: (translating Mako)
dialog: Thermal spectrum up.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Thanks. Read my mind.
text: An infrared filter opens over the IMAX-view, showing the heat
text: gradients of the surroundings. All seems dark (cold) - except
text: for a glowing heat source behind the tangled freeway ramps.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
text: Got him. He's behind the stack.
text: Suddenly, something huge plows through the interchange,
text: collapsing the tangled ribbons of freeway, a spectacle of
text: muscle surging towards us through billowing concrete dust.
text: We see Raleigh's right arm tense in its control sleeve.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako's arm does the same -- a sympathetic reflex.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Gipsy Danger swings her right arm to SLAM the charging kaiju
text: aside before we get a clear look at it.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako watches the monster in her IMAX-HUD...
text: SLATTERN boasts a shape like an armless carnosaur: a thick,
text: serpentine body on mighty raptorial legs. A head vaguely like
text: a moray eel. A long tail, barbed at the end.
text: It draws patient predatory circles around us, lean and
text: powerful as a panther, scales shifting between jet black and
text: iridescent blue in the fog-stifled light.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Seeming almost too agile to be so big, but the haze in the
text: air; the highway and the abandoned cars, small as toys --
dialog: remind us of its titanic size.
text: Mako watches and her mind wanders. The GHOSTLY VOICES swell.
scene_heading: EXT. ACID GEISHA WRECK -- DAY (DRIFT)
dialog: (NOTE: This happens in the Pons headspace, DRIFTS -- memories
text: or dreamlike figments shared between two Jaeger operators.
text: They unfold in their own time, though they occur at the speed
dialog: of thought. Drifts should look urgently different from "real
text: world" action: blown-out colors and/or lomographic blurs.)
text: Mako, just as we saw her in the newscast at the beginning,
text: trying to wrestle past the men pulling her from her ejected
text: conn-pod, desperately reaching for the wrecked Jaeger.
text: The sounds of a radio exchange overlay the imagery.
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: Containment breach! Core critical!
speaker_heading: AKI (V.O.)
dialog: I've got him! Eject! That's an
dialog: order, Mako!
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: I'm not leaving you!
speaker_heading: AKI (V.O.)
dialog: Initiate emergency override. Eject
dialog: conn-pod 2...
text: Tears stream down her face. Her mouth opens in a silent wail.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh blinks away the swell of foreign emotions.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Stay with me, bruiser. We got this.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 2 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Don't patronize me.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (FILTERED)
dialog: Lock it down, Roma-2.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
dialog: What did she say?
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 1 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (FILTERED)
dialog: Nothing. Stay focused, Roma-1.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Alright, Mako, I'm setting you up
dialog: for an IR burst. Get ready.
speaker_heading: MAKO (FILTERED)
dialog: Ready.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: A barrage of missiles SCREAMS from the Jaeger's hips to
text: pummel the ground at Slattern's feet. Tumescent clouds of
text: smoke and dust erupt to engulf the beast.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh gapes at the smoky stew.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: What the hell, Mako? IR! Not
dialog: missiles! IR!
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako shouts at him in furious Japanese. We hear Pentecost
text: translate for Raleigh, in a much cooler tone.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (FILTERED)
dialog: You routed her to missiles.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 1 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: The hell I did!
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (FILTERED)
dialog: Log confirms it, Roma-1.
text: He shakes his head and watches his targeting pipper drift
text: helplessly over the wall of smoke, unable to find a lock.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Lost him... Shit...
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 2 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
text: Too much particulate noise.
text: Mako stares, transfixed by murk stirred up by the missiles.
text: The oily black smoke swirls and billows in the fog, a
text: formless curtain hiding the giant monster.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED) (CONT'D)
dialog: Brace yourself. He's going to
dialog: charge us. I can feel it.
text: Mako listens to Pentecost's translation, her wide eyes lost
text: to fear. We hear a quickening HEARTBEAT and the memory of
dialog: something she said earlier.
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: We're going to die.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh feels her fear as the HEARTBEAT speeds up. Sweat
text: beads on his brow as he strains against it.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Any second... Any second...
text: A SECOND HEARTBEAT joins the first, faster and out of sync --
text: a chaotic, senseless rhythm. The voices become more frantic.
speaker_heading: YANCY (V.O.)
dialog: He's charging!
text: We hear a little girl SOBBING between GASPS of air...
scene_heading: INT. OSAKA PENTHOUSE -- NIGHT (DRIFT)
text: Raleigh suddenly finds himself in a dark penthouse, high
text: above a twinkling city. He hears SOBBING and GASPING and
text: finds a small Japanese girl huddled behind the couch.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Mako, is that you?
text: It is, YOUNG MAKO, nine years old. Speaking Japanese he can't
text: grasp, she doesn't look at him.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAKO
dialog: My dad's coming back soon...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAKO
dialog: He just went out for a minute...
text: Outside, the distant sounds of CHOPPERS, SIRENS, and a
text: throbbing RUMBLE. Young Mako tentatively approaches the tall
text: windows overlooking the city.
text: Distant choppers train searchlights on something lumbering
text: through the skyline. Behind it, the city bleeds columns of
text: smoke from the light-less scar of its wake.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: TRESPASSER, the first kaiju. We see only its head above the
text: buildings -- long and crocodilian, scabrously armored with
text: rugged scales and scutes.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Osaka? You were in Osaka?
text: Young Mako presses her small hand to the window pane.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAKO
dialog: My dad said monsters weren't real.
text: She looks over her shoulder to Raleigh, her eyes quivering.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAKO (CONT’D)
dialog: He's not coming back, is he?
text: In the distance, Trespasser throws his head back and roars,
text: silent as a distant flash of lightning.
text: We see the soundwave spread over Osaka, shattering windows as
text: it speeds towards us, even after the beast closes its jaws.
text: Finally the delayed ROAR blows out the windows and THUNDERS
text: through the apartment, throwing Young Mako back.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY -- DAY (PRESENT)
text: Suddenly, Slattern lunges from the smoky curtain before the
text: Jaeger can react. The mech falls and CRATERS the asphalt.
text: Slattern perches atop the fallen mech and RIPS into his prey.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: On the wraparound projection, we see Slattern standing right
text: on top of us, his barbed tail jabbing down like a scorpion
text: until the whole IMAX view flickers to static.
text: Red lights flash. ALARMS go off. Mako lets her head fall
text: back, strangely more frustrated than terrified.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD 1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh shakes his head at the field of static as ALARMS go
text: wild. He reaches behind his ear to disconnect the Pons.
text: The instant he unplugs the wire, the dome of static dissolves
text: into the blank front of the cramped cockpit.
scene_heading: INT. THE MOCK-PIT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Pentecost enters the barrel-shaped chamber with a clipboard
text: under his arm. A big steel hemisphere fills the center of the
text: floor, with cables and pistons rising to the ceiling.
text: Hydraulics lift the dome, uncovering the two cockpits, back-
text: to-back, sunken into the floor. It was all just a simulation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Raleigh and Mako peel their helmets off. They remain seated,
text: staring in opposite directions, frustrated and drained.
text: He squats, about to impart his feedback, before realizing the
text: futility: they both already know how bad they did.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: We'll go again in an hour.
scene_heading: INT. SECRETARIAT CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Pentecost walks briskly down the hall to a security
text: checkpoint. The GUARDS salute him and opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. COMMITTEE CHAMBER -- CONTINUOUS
text: General Takada sits at a microphone before a small panel of
text: civilian DELEGATES from a handful of Pacific Rim nations --
text: LETHBRIDGE, BENVENISTE, JIAO, and half a dozen others.
text: Pentecost waits at the back of the room.
speaker_heading: BENVENISTE
dialog: (reading)
dialog: One-hundred-seventeen. Eighty-
dialog: three. Twenty-nine... Do these
dialog: numbers mean anything to you?
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: They are the attack intervals.
speaker_heading: LETHBRIDGE
dialog: You see why this pattern is
dialog: somewhat alarming... The latest
dialog: incident in Lima came just
dialog: seventeen days after Tokyo.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: I share the panel's concern.
speaker_heading: JIAO
dialog: Is the offensive escalating?
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Our enemies are on the far side of
dialog: the Interstice. I have no way of
text: anticipating their strategy.
speaker_heading: JIAO
dialog: Were there not reports that a
dialog: Doctor Ivo Czerny had a way to
dialog: eavesdrop on the the other side?
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Czerny was dangerously unstable.
text: He's no longer with Sci-Division.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BENVENISTE
dialog: And his research? Did he have a way
dialog: to see through the Interstice?
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: It's not clear his test subjects
dialog: (the ones that survived) grasped
dialog: what it was they were seeing.
speaker_heading: LETHBRIDGE
dialog: Commander, the bottom line for this
dialog: panel is ensuring that COSDEC is
text: working towards a strategic end.
dialog: Bearing that in mind, in your own
dialog: words -- What is victory?
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: The Mark-3 will --
speaker_heading: LETHBRIDGE
dialog: The Mark-3 program is over-budget
dialog: and stalled in development. Again,
dialog: General, what is the end game?
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: We fight until they're gone. I’m
dialog: sorry I can’t be more encouraging.
text: Before the panel can gather its wits to ask another question,
text: the General stands to dismiss himself.
speaker_heading: TAKADA (CONT'D)
dialog: Gentlemen...
scene_heading: INT. SECRETARIAT LOBBY -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Pentecost follows the General across the wide marble floor.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: What did you need, Stacker?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: It’s Roma team, sir.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Mori and Antrobus?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: It’s not going well. Can we not
dialog: graduate a pair of cadets early?
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: You're assuming any cadets will
text: graduate. Pairs of quick-witted
dialog: soulmates with Olympic stamina
dialog: don't grow on trees. We're lucky to
dialog: find one crew per year.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: They don’t speak the same language.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: I'm not surprised. Leftovers are
dialog: rarer still. In the world, I can
text: count the odd-men-out on one hand.
dialog: And no two have anything in common.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: You know what all the survivors
dialog: have in common? The last time they
dialog: drove a Jaeger, it was on the worst
dialog: day of their life... These are
dialog: broken people, sir.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Well you need to un-break them. The
dialog: way our downtime keeps shrinking,
dialog: things could turn ugly any minute.
scene_heading: INT. SHATTERDOME -- DAY
text: Raleigh and Duc play basketball at a goal that’s been wheeled
text: out onto the floor. Sunlight bathes the Jaegers behind them.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: How’s swim lessons with the shark?
dialog: I hear you guys plugged in.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Not fun. We're a tactical mess. And
text: the drifts are confusing as hell.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: You ghost-drifting yet?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Like outside the Pons? No. I’m not
dialog: even sure that’s possible. Has a
dialog: crew been any more mismatched?
text: Duc shoots. The ball BOUNCES off the rim -- and hits an
text: ordinance on a passing cart. TENDO CHOI, the chief engineer,
text: shouts at
text: Duc from behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: TENDO
dialog: We'd be dead if these had juice.
dialog: You're lucky they're just kinetics.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Sorry Tendo.
speaker_heading: TENDO
dialog: We don't have a gym?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Not with these views. What can I
dialog: say? You keep the girls so pretty.
text: He turns and gets back into the game, trash-talking Raleigh.
speaker_heading: DUC (CONT'D)
dialog: Well he keeps mine pretty... What
dialog: do you see in that old Mark-1?
text: Raleigh makes a basket. He tucks the ball under his arm and
text: gestures towards Gipsy Danger.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I dunno... That’s pretty cool.
text: A crane lifts Tendo’s bloc of projectiles and SNAPS it to the
text: gun barrel on the mech’s arm -- a context that reveals them
text: to be not missiles but rather giant person-sized bullets.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: What? No. All that shit slows you
text: down. The Mark-2's all gigawatts.
text: Light as a thunderbolt.
text: Raleigh smirks and checks the ball to Duc.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: So she’s from Osaka?
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Mako? She was in Osaka.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: The first kaiju attack...
text: Duc scores a goal and snatches up the ball, taking a break to
dialog: paint Raleigh the picture.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Get this -- her dad goes to the
dialog: store at 7:00; at 7:46 -- shit hits
text: the fan. She never sees him again.
text: They resume the game, talking as they play.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Jesus... I've never met a survivor.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: There aren't a lot a lot of them.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: How many kills does she have?
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Mako? None, technically.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: That was her first live run?
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: She's a beast. I promise you. You
dialog: should see her sim runs. Textbook.
dialog: Nobody screwed up out there. It was
dialog: just one of those things.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: She's hard to connect with.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Takes two to tango, right?
text: He shoots. The ball SWISHES into the basket.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (PRE-LAP)
dialog: The waltz, actually.
scene_heading: INT. DOJO TRAINING HALL -- NIGHT
text: Raleigh and Mako gape at Pentecost as he sets up a turntable.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Tonight, you dance the waltz.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: You're kidding.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Dancing, Lieutenant. You've heard
dialog: of dancing, right?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Control. Rhythm. Intimacy. Wordless
dialog: rapport. Is it not relevant?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: I have crewed a Jaeger! --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Wouldn't our time be better spent --
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Doing what, Antrobus?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Running sims? Sparring?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: We ran five sims. You died. And you
dialog: can't spar without making a brawl
dialog: of it. You're better at fighting
text: each other than fighting KJ's.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: It's a long damn way from fighting
dialog: KJ's, Sensei.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: You're a long way from fighting
text: KJ's. A KJ thinks with one mind.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Sensei, please. This is
text: humiliating. A first-week recruit
dialog: doesn't have to play these games.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: It's not a problem first week
dialog: recruits have, Lieutenant. They
text: already come in pairs.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You two are strangers. It's not
dialog: your fault. But it will get you
dialog: killed if you're still strangers
text: when the siren sounds.
text: He slides a record from its sleeve.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: You need to get close.
text: He drops the needle and a song spills into the air --
dialog: Siouxsie and the Banshees, "The Last Beat of My Heart."
text: He holds her lower back and she clutches his shoulder as they
text: clasp hands and follow the footprints. The slow music makes
text: it easy, but they keep their eyes on the steps.
text: Spare and spectral. Low drums. Haunting accordion. Siouxsie
text: plaintively sings, "In the sharp gust of love / My memory
dialog: stirred / When time wreathed a rose / A garland of shame..."
text: We hear drifting voices from memory as they dance.
speaker_heading: YANCY (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know what to tell you,
dialog: Rals. I fell for her. I'm sorry.
dialog: This is what happens when crewmates experience a drift
text: outside the Pons. It's called a ghost-drift.
scene_heading: EXT. LEO CARRILLO STATE BEACH -- NIGHT (GHOST-DRIFT)
text: Waves slap the ragged rocks. Raleigh and Yancy stand on the
text: precipice above, in the blazing headlights of a parked truck.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: You fell for her. Like an anchor. I
dialog: guess the guy at the end of your
text: chain just has to hold his breath.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: YANCY
dialog: What do you need me to do, Rals?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I need you to get out of my head!
text: He spins to face his brother - only to find Yancy is not
text: there. Raleigh stands alone on the rocks.
text: BACK TO PRESENT
text: Mako's hand tightens on his shoulder, a reflex. She winces
text: but keeps dancing. Neither dares to meet the other's eyes.
text: The ethereal music leads them in tense, wandering circles.
text: The ghost-drift sweeps over them in a storm of images and
text: sounds, fragments chaotically tumbling over one another.
scene_heading: MONTAGE -- GHOST-DRIFT
text: -- The Jaeger COYOTE TANGO stands in the shallow surf near
text: the Santa Monica Pier. Blood-red dusk spreads from the
text: setting sun. Gore-stained water streaks the wide beach.
speaker_heading: FLICK (V.0O.)
dialog: You ever have a nightmare too awful
dialog: to talk about, Rals?
text: -- Further out, something rises. Bloody seawater streams down
text: its craggy back like water off a mountain.
text: -- In Osaka, Young Mako stands at her window, watching the
text: kaiju Trespasser ravage the city.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAKO
dialog: He's not coming back.
text: -- In his old mobile home, Raleigh stares into his bathroom
text: mirror, his eyes red and ragged with despair.
text: -- Raleigh pulls his fist back and punches the mirror,
dialog: leaving the fracture we remember.
text: -- Off the Santa Monica Pier, TORTUGA faces Coyote Tango.
text: Hulking and turtle-like, carapace studded with jagged rows of
text: bony plates. It opens its trifurcated beak and SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: YANCY (V.O.)
dialog: What do you need me to do, Rals?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (V.O.)
dialog: I need you to get out of my head!
text: -- In the ruined streets of Tokyo, Mako strains to squirm
text: free of the Men in HAZMAT suits holding her back. No sound.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: The silence... That's the worst.
text: -- Silent, slow motion. Tortuga charges Coyote Tango, plowing
text: up an angry foam that hangs in the air.
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: You don't remember what silence is
text: until it comes flooding back.
text: -- Tortuga opens his three-part beak and from his throat a
text: harpoon-sharp tongue launches like a viper to stab deep into
text: the Jaeger's mechanical chest.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (V.O.)
dialog: You wanna know I did all I could?
text: -- Again, we see Mako reaching for the wrecked Jaeger.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (V.O.)
dialog: I dunno... Probably not.
text: BACK TO PRESENT
text: Raleigh stares into space as they dance, dwelling on his
text: guilt. He glances down and notices Mako looking right up at
text: him, her eyes softened with an empathic sadness.
text: They keep dancing, and without a word, Mako rests her head on
text: Raleigh's shoulder as the band sings, "Til the last beat /
dialog: Til the last fleeting beat / Of my heart..."
text: Pentecost watches from the shadows. He nods to himself and
text: lets out a small sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. DOJO CORRIDOR -- NIGHT (GHOST-DRIFT/DREAM)
text: From Raleigh's POV, we drift down the dark, wood-floored
text: hallway, passing opaque paper windows.
scene_heading: INT. DOJO TRAINING HALL -- NIGHT (GHOST-DRIFT/DREAM)
text: Raleigh finds Mako alone in the training hall, dancing by
text: herself, as if with an invisible partner.
text: She looks up from the footsteps on the floor and sees
dialog: Raleigh. She speaks perfect English...
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: We should practice the steps. We'll
dialog: be tested soon.
text: Raleigh replies in subtitled Japanese. Nevertheless, they
text: seem to comprehend each other.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I'm no good with tests. I used to
dialog: cheat off my brother.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: That's not cheating. That's just
dialog: depending on someone.
text: She reaches out her hand.
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: Dance with me.
text: Raleigh takes her hand and the music swells, not Siouxsie, a
text: deep BASE PULSING like a heart.
text: SIREN VOICES trace strange Japanese harmonies, chased by the
text: PERCUSSIVE PLUCKING of a shamisen (an old Japanese lute).
text: Dreamy and sharp; a tense, sensual rhythm.
text: They hold each other, as if waltzing, but without seeing
text: their feet it seems as if the room is spinning around them.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: It's not quite right...
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: We should be closer.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: It only works when we're close.
text: They look deep into each other's eyes as they draw closer.
text: Tight on their faces as their bodies touch. Each draws a gasp
text: of surprise, without looking down. They don't have to.
text: We see why -- their clothes are suddenly gone. Skin to skin.
text: Their intimacy hidden, pressed between them. Goosebumps
text: prickle their bare torsos.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Is that too close?
text: He shakes his head as the dojo spins and finally becomes
scene_heading: A GROVE OF CHERRY BLOSSOMS
text: stirred by an heavy storm clouds. Silent lightning cracks the
text: sky. Falling petals course through the whirling veins of
text: wind. They hold one another's gaze, oblivious to all else.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: We'll be tested soon.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: We'll be ready.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Their lips touch and open. A kiss, slow and cool. The world
text: spins faster around them. The wind strengthens.
text: The trees shed pale pink petals, twirling through the air in
text: urgent eddies to envelope the two kissing bodies, blurring
text: with a glow that swells to bleach the whole scene
scene_heading: TO WHITE:
scene_heading: INT. RALEIGH'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Raleigh opens his eyes, startled awake by the dream.
scene_heading: INT. MAKO'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Mako jolts up, holding her chest as she catches her breath.
scene_heading: INTERCUT RALEIGH/MAKO
text: Raleigh sits on the edge of his bed, planting his feet on the
dialog: floor, wondering -- Was that both of us or just me? He
text: glances up at his door as if expecting a knock.
text: Mako sits in bed, taking stock of the dream.
text: Raleigh gets out of bed and heads for his door.
text: Mako presses her eye to her peephole.
text: Raleigh opens his door to find Mako's door closed.
text: Mako watches him through her peephole.
text: Raleigh lifts his knuckles, about to knock on Mako's door.
text: Mako can't help but smile to herself as she watches him
text: pause, just inches away.
text: Raleigh stops. He rethinks it and finally folds his arms.
text: Unsure of what he might say. He turns back to his room.
text: His indecision teases a snicker from Mako's growing smile - a
text: small sound, but Raleigh stops mid-step, and she quickly
text: stifles her amusement - Did he hear that?
text: Raleigh glances over his shoulder to take one last look at
text: Mako's door - He thought he heard something. He waits and
text: finally retreats to his room.
text: Mako rests her back against the door.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
text: DARKNESS, punctuated by a blur of multi-colored lights.
speaker_heading: FLICK (V.0.)
dialog: Such a perfect day...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: We hear dreamy CARNIVAL MUSIC as the lights sharpen --
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA PIER -- SUNSET (DREAM)
text: Huddled close together, Yancy and Flick ride the seaside
dialog: Ferris wheel.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I remember it so clearly.
speaker_heading: YANCY
dialog: Yeah? What happened next?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: You had the guy stop us at the top
dialog: so you could ask me...
text: The Ferris wheel stops just as their gondola reaches the
text: pinnacle. The sunset paints the Pier and the ocean in
text: dazzling shades of purple and orange. Flick smiles.
speaker_heading: YANCY
dialog: And you said?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I couldn't say anything. I just
dialog: kissed you.
speaker_heading: YANCY
dialog: I took it as a yes.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: What if I said no?
speaker_heading: YANCY
dialog: Oh, he wasn't going to let us down
dialog: without my signal. I was pretty
dialog: sure I could talk you into it.
text: They both laugh and Flick cozies up to him. Her smile starts
text: to fade as some part of her begins to realize it’s not real.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I used to love this place. I
dialog: haven't been back since --
text: She hears a deafening ROAR and turns to see another memory
text: playing out in the water just off the Pier --
text: Two vast figures clashing in the surf: the kaiju Tortuga
dialog: charges the Jaeger Coyote Tango.
text: Dread washes over Flick's face as she watches.
text: The kaiju opens its three-part beak and launches its harpoon-
text: tongue. The moment the speared tip sinks into the mech's
text: armor, the whole vista freezes. Time stops.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Flick can't look away from the tragic instant.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Make it stop, Yance.
speaker_heading: YANCY
dialog: Only you can make it stop.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: YANCY
dialog: Just get off the ride.
text: He smirks and vaults out of the gondola. She lunges for him,
text: but as she reaches over the edge --
text: -- he’s gone. Not falling. Not on the ground. Just gone.
text: Flick looks around and realizes the whole Pier is deserted.
text: Stranded atop the Ferris wheel, her searching eyes fall again
text: on that frozen moment out in the still water, Tortuga
text: stabbing the Jaeger, and her desperation mounts.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Yancy!
text: She calls after him as she leans over the edge of the
text: gondola, frantically searching the ground, so far below.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Yancy... Where are --
text: The gondola door suddenly pops open under her weight. She
dialog: falls through the air --
speaker_heading: TO BLACK:
text: We hear a RHYTHMIC CLATTER in the dark.
speaker_heading: NEWT (0.S.)
dialog: Flick? Are you okay?
text: Newt turns on the lights and we find ourselves --
scene_heading: INT. SLEEPING CAR -- NIGHT
text: Flick rubs her head and looks up from the floor of the small
text: rail-car as Newt climbs out of his berth.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: You fell out of your bunk.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: It was a nightmare...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Newt gently as helps her into a chair. He plants himself on
text: the floor in front of her, and roots through a first aid kit.
text: He tucks her hair aside to get a look at the cut on her head.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Doesn’t look too bad.
text: He soaks a cotton in peroxide and dabs it on her forehead, a
text: tenderness Flick seems to resent.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: What was it about?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: (lying)
dialog: I can't remember...
text: She watches him, hard and close. He doesn't notice. She tries
text: to remain silent, but finally her thoughts just spill out.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s never going to happen, Newt.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: What’s never going to happen?
text: She gives him a look -- "You know exactly what." He looks
text: down from the cut, meeting her eyes and catching her meaning.
text: He doesn’t reply right away. He just gingerly adheres the
text: bandaid to her forehead, careful to hold her hair out of the
text: way. He turns to pack up the first aid kit.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just trying to help.
text: He doesn’t look at her. He puts the first aid kit away and
text: finds in the cabinet a mylar bag of something. She watches
text: him load the coffee maker, puzzled.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Coffee? It's 3AM.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Yeah, but you shouldn't go back to
dialog: sleep. You might have a concussion
dialog: or something. I was gonna stay up.
text: Flick nods, frowning. She looks away, ashamed of herself.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: NEWT
text: Basically nowhere.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Flick stares out into the jet-black landscape of the Outback,
text: unmarred by the frailest shred of city light.
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT ROAD -- DAY
text: A battered old jeep negotiates the red dust of a neglected
text: highway crossing the arid landscape.
text: SUPER: On the outskirts of Loongana -- Nullarbor Plain,
dialog: Western Australia
scene_heading: INT. JEEP -- CONTINUOUS
text: Up ahead, Newt spots a cluster of old clapboard houses and
text: Quonset huts, a mummified husk of a former mining settlement.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: This can’t be it...
text: They both spot the sign dusted with red earth hanging over
text: the front gate: “THE ESCHATON INSTITUTE."
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: No, this is it.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ESCHATON INSTITUTE -- CONTINUOUS
text: A man waits in the shade of what looks like an old bus stop
text: just outside the entrance to the settlement. He stands as the
text: jeep pulls up, watching Newt and Flick climb out.
text: IVO CZERNY (77) a silver-haired academic with weary eyes and
text: a charismatic smile, august and articulate, suspiciously
text: devoid of any obvious eccentricities.
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: I was worried you'd gotten lost.
text: Newt smiles and approaches his former mentor. Czerny opens
text: his arms to embrace Newt in a warm, back-slapping bear-hug.
speaker_heading: CZERNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Good to see you! And this must be --
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Felicity Kincaid --
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Flick. Good to meet you, Doctor.
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Seeker of truth, yes? You’ve come a
dialog: long way to find it. I don’t intend
dialog: to disappoint. Now then -- let’s
dialog: get out of this merciless sun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He takes their bags and leads them through the front gate
text: onto the grounds of a rundown outback plantation. They head
text: towards a sagging, dust-stained Victorian house.
speaker_heading: CZERNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I must say, your timing is somewhat
text: serendipitous.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: A TV plays in the musty parlour. Flick, Newt, and Czerny
text: gather around.
text: Between the hiccups in the temperamental reception, we catch
text: glimpses of the live footage: a Jaeger battling a kaiju.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: This isn’t live, is it?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: South Korea.
text: Flick shakes her head.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: But it’s only been two weeks...
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Thirteen days. Since Lima.
text: Czerny nods and mutters under his breath.
speaker_heading: CZERNY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s happening.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (PRE-LAP)
dialog: What's happening?
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE -- DAY
text: Duc perches on the edge of his seat, watching a different
text: news report on the same attack. Raleigh has just wandered in.
speaker_heading: DUC
text: There was an attack. South Korea.
text: On the TV, we see the kaiju -- a mountain of crustacean
text: armor, like an outsized mole crab or woodlouse.
text: It sits motionless at the end of an arrow-straight trail of
text: destruction cutting into the city.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Is it over?
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Well they slammed it with energy
dialog: volleys - ion pulses, wave lasers,
dialog: the works, but...
text: He trails off, listening to the news. But Raleigh can't glean
text: the thrust of the non-English report.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: But what -- ?
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Sorry. It blew out this huge EMP
dialog: like it had been sucking up every
dialog: gigawatt. Knocked out power all
text: over Busan, their Jaeger included.
dialog: Which was fine when it looked like
dialog: it killed itself in the process,
dialog: except now there's some kind of --
text: Raleigh steps closer to the TV, his brow furrowed.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: What the hell is that?
text: On the tv, the news chopper frantically zooms in, trying to
text: focus on the kaiju. Under its semi-translucent carapace,
text: something writhes and shifts.
speaker_heading: DUC
text: There's something alive inside it.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Another KJ?
text: The monster's armored back starts to bulge and split open.
text: Long spindly legs force their way out. The thing inside lets
text: out a chilling SCREAM as it starts to squirm free.
text: Suddenly, alert klaxons BRAY urgently in the halls and Duc
dialog: bolts for the door --
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Saw that one coming...
text: But he stops in his tracks when he hears the announcement --
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER (FILTERED)
dialog: Roma Roma Roma - condition red.
dialog: Repeat - Roma Unit to ready
dialog: stations. This is not a drill.
text: Duc turns to Raleigh, who can scarcely believe it himself.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh bursts out into the hall just as Mako pokes her head
text: out a few doors down. They exchange a deeply stunned look --
dialog: Holy shit, that's us...
text: Without exchanging a single word, they both scramble down the
text: hall as the KLAXONS blare.
scene_heading: INT. CHANGEROOM -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Mako and Raleigh quickly undress, much too anxious to be
text: bashful or titillated. Mako mumbles to herself.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: We can do this. We've trained for
dialog: this. You trust me, I think.
text: They pull on their drivesuits: single-piece, form-fitting
text: neoprene jumpsuits laced with intricate webs of fiber optics
text: and studded with an array of data ports.
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: I trust you.
text: Raleigh turns. To him (and to us), she just spoke English.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: What did you say?
text: She looks at him, uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: What? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Sorry... I just -- I thought I
dialog: heard something.
scene_heading: INT. JAEGER LAUNCH BAY -- DAY
text: Duc follows Pentecost across the catwalk. The main floor
text: swarms with activity.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: It should be us suiting up --
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: It's not Tokyo. It's Busan --
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: I know it's Busan, but they're not
dialog: ready. They're going to --
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: They'll be fine.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: We'd be finer.
dialog: Pentecost enters the
speaker_heading: CAGE ELEVATOR
text: and turns to spell it out for Duc.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: You'd go to Busan and leave COSDEC
dialog: command and thirteen million
text: Tokyoites in the care of the crew
dialog: you didn't think was ready?
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: You can't send them out there!
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: It's not my call, Lieutenant!
text: He slams the door on Duc and rides the cage down to
speaker_heading: THE MAIN FLOOR
text: where he bursts out and jogs to Gipsy Danger.
text: He finds Raleigh and Mako climbing into their conn-pods at
text: the foot of the docking tower.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: Don't sweat it. You'll have audio
text: translation in the ear and text on
dialog: the HUD. I'll be in LOCCENT.
text: They both nod nervously as TECHNICIANS connect cables to the
text: ports on their drivesuits. He tosses them both a pill.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: What's -- ?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Arocin. For the rads. The Mark-1's
text: pretty much a giant, walking
dialog: nuclear reactor.
text: They both swallow their anti-radiation drugs.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (CONT’D)
dialog: Keep those subroutines straight.
dialog: The IR beam's --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: -- On the beta channel.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Mako, that temper of yours --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: -- Yes, Sensei.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: No showboating! Your job is to keep
dialog: that KJ busy! And stay alive!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You hear me, Mako? Don't try to
dialog: impress anybody! This isn't a test!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You've got this! Okay?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH MAKO
dialog: Thank you, Sensei. Thank you, Sensei.
text: They both strap on their helmets and give the signal. The
text: canopy on the conn-pods slides closed, sealing them in their
text: self-contained control capsules.
text: The loading arms CLATTER up the tower, hoisting the conn-pods
text: up to their loading positions on the Jaeger.
text: The lower arm swings to deposit Mako's pod on the Jaeger's
text: spine, which hangs out like a ramp to draw the pod inside the
text: torso before closing over it. The armor BUCKLES shut.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Without the display activated, the cockpit is cramped and
text: dark. Mako shuts her eyes and breathes deep as she feels the
text: pod SHUDDER and LOCK into place.
scene_heading: INT. JAEGER LAUNCH BAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: The upper arm deposits Raleigh's pod into the Jaeger's open
text: neck. As the pod sinks into the mech, the Jaeger's head
text: GROANS back into place and LOCKS closed over the slot.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh nervously hums "Reaching for the Moon" as he runs
text: through his pre-launch checks.
scene_heading: INT. JAEGER LAUNCH BAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: The Jumphawks lower cables to the Jaeger where TECHNICIANS in
text: safety orange vests, so small on the machine's mighty
text: shoulders, hook the ends to latches on the mech's armor.
text: The Jumphawks rise, their engines ROARING to full power, and
text: the lift-cables go taut, straining until the incredible
text: machine begins to lift off the ground.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: A friendly TONE precedes a soothing DIGITAL VOICE.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIGITAL VOICE
text: Pons initialized. Input ready.
text: Just as Raleigh plugs the Pons's mainline into the port
text: behind his ear, the front of the cockpit melts away to the
text: three-sixty projection of the outside.
text: All of Tokyo unfolds below him as the Jumphawks lift the
text: Jaeger out of Shatterdome.
text: He feels Mako wire into the Pons with a shrill FEEDBACK
text: SQUEAL and a swell of AMBIENT VOICES. Their anxiety fuels the
text: dissonant cacophony of memories MURMURING in the background.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- DAY
text: Pentecost puts an earpiece in his ear as he enters and
text: quickly moves to stand over the communications console.
text: At the console, two DISPATCHERS (one English; one Japanese)
text: and two PROXIES. Proxy-1 explains their role to Mako in
text: Japanese as Proxy-2 explains in English for Raleigh.
speaker_heading: PROXY-2
dialog: Roma-1, this is your translation
dialog: Proxy. Hereafter, I'll be relaying
dialog: Roma-2's chatter in English. Copy?
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako shakes her head, suddenly daunted by the lunacy of
text: trying to drive a Jaeger like this.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Copy, Proxy-l...
dialog: (laughing grimly)
dialog: If we get out of this alive --
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
dialog: Proxy-2 translates the rest for Raleigh.
speaker_heading: PROXY-2 (FILTERED)
dialog: -- remind me to buy an English
dialog: dictionary.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Proxy-2, please tell me that was
dialog: Mako.
speaker_heading: PROXY-2 (FILTERED)
dialog: Affirmative.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: General Takada stands behind a central dais from where he
text: coordinates LOCCENT's complement of various OPS OFFICERS,
scene_heading: TECHNICIANS, and TELEMETRY SPECIALISTS.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Is the Pons hot?
speaker_heading: OPS OFFICER
dialog: Yes, sir. They're both plugged in.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
text: On the masterboard.
text: A new insert pops up on the wide front-screen; two waveform
text: patterns zigzagging wildly out of sync -- not that we can
dialog: read it, but we see the reactions of the people who can:
text: Pentecost turns to glare at the General, but Takada ignores
text: him, just scowling at the screen. Kaori gasps and covers her
text: mouth. Duc runs his fingers through his hair.
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: (whispering to Duc)
dialog: We have to do something...
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: There's nothing we can do.
scene_heading: EXT. KOREA STRAIT -- DAY
text: The ROARING Jumphawks fly in formation over choppy seas,
text: carrying Gipsy Danger into rough weather ahead.
speaker_heading: DISPATCH (FILTERED)
dialog: Roma-1, Your target is a cat-3
dialog: kaiju. Reporting name: Invidia. Has
dialog: demonstrated the capacity to absorb
dialog: and reconstitute directed energy
dialog: volleys. Recommend you limit your
text: attacks to melee and solid
text: projectiles. Invidia is moving
dialog: inland from Haeundae Beach. Drop
dialog: zone will put you one klick West to
dialog: intercept. ETA: three and a half
dialog: minutes. Good hunting.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSAN COAST -- DAY
text: A heavy, tropical rain clouds the shapes of the cluttered
text: towers and high-rises along the water's edge. Columns of
text: smoke rise to tangle with the low storm clouds.
dialog: SUPER: Haeundae Beach -- Busan, South Korea
text: Gipsy Danger WHOOSHES past as the V-50s bring her in.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: EXT. HAEUNDAE BEACH -- CONTINUOUS
text: The rain pours as the kaiju INVIDIA stalks through the fresh
text: devastation. A spindly, mantid shape; tall as a skyscraper.
text: She twists her viper-like head to HISS at a squad of fighter
text: jets. She lashes out with her mantis-arms as the jets SCREAM
text: by, unloading a hail of BOMBS that only annoy the beast.
text: With the shape of Gipsy Danger growing larger and darker in
text: the rain-smeared sky, the jets bank away, leaving the fight
dialog: to the pros.
text: The V-50s swing around to drop the Jaeger up the street from
text: the kaiju. The road SHUDDERS as Gipsy Danger's weight hits.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Okay, Mako. Motor active in three.
dialog: Mako, confirm.
speaker_heading: PROXY-2 (FILTERED)
text: Confirmed.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Three, two, one -- motor active.
scene_heading: EXT. HAEUNDAE BEACH -- CONTINUOUS
text: Invidia turns to face this new challenger, cocking her head.
text: She unfolds a set of long translucent wings.
text: Her wings beat so fast that they seem to wave very slow, not
text: enough to get the monster off the ground, but enough to make
text: her more nimble than something of her size should be.
text: Her THRUMMING wings VIBRATE the buildings like a tuning fork
text: and stir up transient vortexes, strong as tornados, flinging
text: cars and buses about before dissipating.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: The tension in the command center spikes as they witness the
text: kaiju's astonishing speed. We hear Mako's Japanese on the
text: radio a few seconds before the Proxy starts to translate.
speaker_heading: PROXY-2
text: Raleigh. Autocannon.
scene_heading: EXT. HAEUNDAE BEACH -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
text: Autocannon hot.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Jaeger's huge Gatling gun SPEWS a steady stream of
text: rounds, each big enough to SHATTER a car, CUTTING a swathe of
text: devastation as it swivels to track the kaiju.
text: But Invidia evades the fire, dancing around the plumes of
text: shrapnel with the aid of her BUZZING wings.
text: The gun ROARS, punching craters in the street and slicing
text: through an office building, but not catching the fleet-footed
text: Invidia before she FLITS out of sight, too fast.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako curses in Japanese as Invidia slips away.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Goddamn it! It's those wings. She's
dialog: too fast for a Mark-1.
scene_heading: EXT. HAEUNDAE BEACH -- CONTINUOUS
text: Out of sight, the DRONE of the monster's wings provide the
text: only hint of her trajectory.
text: Gipsy Danger shuffles her huge mechanical legs to track the
dialog: supposed path of the kaiju; built for brute strength and
text: naked power, simply too slow to match the beast's movements.
text: The DRONING grows, SHUDDERING nearby buildings -- Invidia is
text: getting closer.
text: A few blocks away, she draws a predatory circle around Gipsy
text: Danger, skittering over and between the boxy urban terrain.
text: The Jaeger turns slowly clockwise, trying to zero in on the
text: sound as Invidia remains easily outside the periphery.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: LOCCENT, I need a bird's eye from
text: one of the V-50s.
text: An aerial view of the battle area opens up on her wraparound
text: display. On it, she spots Invidia coming to a position just
text: behind the Jaeger, preparing to pounce.
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: Raleigh, she's on our six!
text: On the aerial, Invidia lunges for the Jaeger's back, her
text: mantid arms open for the kill.
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: Incoming! Get down! Down! Down!
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh hears Mako's frantic Japanese and feels her anxiety,
text: unnerved by the translation delay.
speaker_heading: PROXY-2 (FILTERED)
dialog: Raleigh, she's on our six! Incom--
scene_heading: EXT. HAEUNDAE BEACH -- CONTINUOUS
text: Gipsy Danger crouches just as Invidia soars over -- her
text: taloned legs GRAZING the Jaeger's shoulders.
text: The kaiju alights in the road ahead and turns to face the
text: Jaeger. She rears up SCREECHING, and throws her mantid arms
text: open to tower over Gipsy Danger; an intimidation display.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh catches his breath, utterly daunted.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: We're -- we're too slow...
text: The MURMURING voices in the Pons swell, spilling over each
text: other in tense fragments.
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: Silence...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (V.O.)
dialog: Like an anchor...
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
text: Comes flooding back...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (V.O.)
text: Dragging me down... Drowning...
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: I've never had to try before...
scene_heading: EXT. LEO CARRILLO STATE BEACH -- NIGHT (DRIFT)
text: Raleigh and Yancy stand atop the sea-battered rocks.
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know how...
speaker_heading: YANCY
dialog: What do you need me to do, Rals?
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know what to do...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I need you to get out of my head!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Maddened by the noise in his head, Raleigh finally spins to
text: face his brother, finding himself --
scene_heading: INT. OSAKA PENTHOUSE -- NIGHT (DRIFT)
text: Young Mako stands at the tall windows, watching Trespasser's
text: rampage. She looks over her shoulder to Raleigh.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAKO
dialog: He's not coming back, is he?
text: She turns back to watch the monster.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know what to do...
text: Trespasser throws open his jaws in a silent roar and Raleigh
text: sets his jaw and marches towards Young Mako with purpose.
text: Outside, the roar's sound-wave rips through high-rises as it
text: spreads closer.
text: Raleigh stands beside Young Mako at the window and offers his
text: hand. She looks up at him, uncertain, but finally she takes
dialog: it, a critical connection --
text: -- just as the ROAR blows out the windows. But it doesn't
text: throw either Raleigh or Young Mako back. Their hands clasped,
text: it washes over them -- a baptism of THUNDER.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- DAY (PRESENT)
text: Mako's eyes shoot open with urgent clarity... and when she
dialog: speaks, it sounds like English to us.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Raleigh, I need you to --
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: It sounds like English to Raleigh too, but he doesn't have
text: time to be astounded. They have a job to do.
speaker_heading: MAKO (FILTERED) PROXY-2 (FILTERED)
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Shut the hell up! I heard her!
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Pentecost catches it first. He looks up at the Pons readouts
text: on the masterboard. Proxy-1 starts to translate "Shut the
text: hell up" into Japanese, but Pentecost interrupts him.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Stop translating. Cut the com.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PROXY-2
dialog: You want us to leave them --
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Look at the interlace!
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Commander?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: He "heard" her.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: He can absorb energy --
speaker_heading: MAKO (FILTERED)
dialog: The wings are too thin. I think we
dialog: can burn them and --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: -- slow him down! Right right!
dialog: Okay, IR beam is up.
scene_heading: EXT. HAEUNDAE BEACH -- CONTINUOUS
text: Gipsy Danger's chest opens up to reveal an elaborate array of
text: lenses and mirrors that begin to glow white hot.
text: A heat beam, invisible to the naked eye but for the
text: shimmering ripples of heat. The torrential rain boils away
text: where ever it crosses the channel of superheated air.
text: Invidia recoils in pain, SHRIEKING. Her thin wings curl and
text: melt, finally turning to cinders in the wind.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: The control room listens, amazed. To their ears, Mako speaks
text: frenzied Japanese and Raleigh replies in English.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
dialog: Right on. My thoughts exactly.
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: (to Duc, whispering)
dialog: They understand each other?
text: Duc just shrugs and shakes his head, speechless.
speaker_heading: OPS OFFICER
dialog: Interlace is ninety percent and
dialog: climbing. Limbic resonance optimal.
dialog: Oxytocin and vasopressin spiking.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: (to self)
dialog: That's it. Now you're dancing.
scene_heading: EXT. HAEUNDAE BEACH -- CONTINUOUS
text: Invidia trembles as the rain STEAMS from her scorched wings.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
dialog: Setting you up for a railgun firing
dialog: solution. Ready?
speaker_heading: MAKO (FILTERED)
dialog: Hit me.
text: Gipsy Danger raises her left arm and trains the long, arm-
text: mounted cannon on Invidia.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako focuses on her wraparound vista, willing the drifting
text: targeting pipper to LOCK onto Invidia.
scene_heading: EXT. HAEUNDAE BEACH -- CONTINUOUS
text: We hear the magnetic drivers inside the barrel SPIN UP to
text: finally launch a kinetic round with a deafening SONIC BOOM.
text: The supersonic bunker-buster SLAMS into one of the kaiju's
text: mantid arms, splintering the exoskeleton and leaving the
text: devastated limb hanging by a sinew.
text: In a delirious rage, Invidia RIPS the useless arm off and
text: flings it at Gipsy Danger.
text: It falls short, SMASHING into a mall.
text: The kaiju lets out a bone-shuddering SCREAM at her attacker,
text: before launching into a full-on charge.
text: Raleigh watches Invidia charge, slavering and savage. She
text: seems to slow down as she draws closer.
text: Time itself seems to be grinding to a halt. The heavy rain
text: seems to hang in the air.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA PIER -- DUSK (DRIFT)
text: Tortuga charges through the water in slow motion.
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: Raleigh. Raleigh.
scene_heading: INT. DOJO TRAINING HALL -- NIGHT (DRIFT)
text: Raleigh and Mako dance alone on the dojo floor. Raleigh
text: stares past Mako, into space.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: He's charging... Too fast...
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Look at me.
text: His eyes lower and focus on her. She smiles.
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: We got this. You know why?
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- DAY (PRESENT)
text: Invidia now fills the wraparound display, charging in what
text: Mako and Raleigh perceive to be ultra slow motion. We hear
text: their telepathic dialogue continues --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (V.O.)
dialog: Why?
text: Raleigh watches the kaiju with a frozen expression.
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: It's my favorite, Raleigh -- the
dialog: Mark 1 has a sword. Isn't that just
dialog: the coolest thing?
text: A grin of realization slowly crosses Raleigh's face.
scene_heading: EXT. HAEUNDAE BEACH -- CONTINUOUS
text: A heavy, chain-like whip SPILLS from Gipsy Danger's gauntlet;
text: a length of razor-sharp metal segments threaded with a thick
text: cable. The chain's weight PULVERIZES the asphalt.
text: An instant later, the cable draws taut, pulling the
text: interlocking metal segments tight together -- RATA-CHINK --
text: stiffening the chain-whip into a sword.
text: It barely takes a second for the Jaeger to deploy the weapon
text: and, in one fluid motion, pull back and swing --
text: -- RIPPING clear through Invidia's neck. Her head falls off.
text: Her monstrous body scrambles and convulses before finally
text: TOPPLING onto the street.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: The whole room shoots to its feet, erupting in CHEERS and
text: APPLAUSE. The Ops Officer shouts over the excitement.
speaker_heading: OPS OFFICER
text: Kaiju Invidia has been neutralized!
dialog: Repeat -- threat neutralized!
text: Jumphawks rendezvous at Gipsy
dialog: Danger and prep for return!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Duc pumps his fist in the air and hugs Kaori. Pentecost
text: laughs in sheer relief. The General smirks and nods.
scene_heading: INT. SHATTERDOME -- DAY
text: Gipsy Danger stands by her docking tower. The loading arms
text: bring the conn-pods down as a crowd of riotously APPLAUDING
text: PERSONNEL starts to swarm around the Jaeger.
text: The canopy of Raleigh's conn-pod opens, he's on his feet,
text: disconnecting his driveskin.
text: He sees Mako's canopy open and points to her, shouting over
text: the jubilant noise.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: You! You can understand me??? You
dialog: know what I'm saying???
text: She beams and shouts back.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Yeah! Can you understand me?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Yes!
text: (NOTE: When she speaks, Mako's lips move out of sync to the
text: words we hear -- like a dubbed movie. The discrepancy
text: gradually ebbs as their relationship develops. Eventually she
dialog: seems to be speaking naturally.)
text: They each finish unhooking their drivesuits and vault out of
text: their conn-pods.
text: The CHEERING crowd parts for them to find each other. They
text: embrace in a enthusiastic hug. Raleigh laughs from his soul
text: as he picks her up off the ground, spinning her around.
text: He turns to the crowd and lifts her arm up for the crowd,
text: pointing at her.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
dialog: First kill! First kill!
text: The crowd goes berserk, WHISTLING, CLAPPING, CHEERING. Mako
text: laughs, blushes, and nods a graceful "thank you."
scene_heading: INT. TORABURU KARAOKE BAR -- NIGHT
text: Packed with SHATTERDOME PERSONNEL; still in their uniforms;
text: drinking, celebrating, and singing under blacklights.
text: The whole dance floor is a giant flatscreen playing flashy
text: action clips from mecha anime like Gundam, Mazinger,
text: Evangelion, Voltron, and others.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: We find Mako and Raleigh sitting at a booth overlooking the
text: action, with Duc fawning over them both.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: We thought you guys were dead! That
dialog: was amazing! You can understand
dialog: each other? Right now? Because to
dialog: my ears, she's speaking Japanese.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I hear it in English.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: (to Mako, subtitled)
dialog: And you hear him in Japanese?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: DUC (CONT'D)
dialog: What if I speak English to you?
text: Mako looks at him with a blank look, then to Raleigh.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: He wants to know if you understand
dialog: what he's saying.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Oh. No, I don't.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: (laughing, amazed)
dialog: That's the weirdest thing. Must be
dialog: like a ghost-drift, but I've never
dialog: heard of anything like it.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Heard of any crews who didn't speak
dialog: the same language to begin with?
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Fair point...
text: Kaori comes up with a drink for her husband. She sets it on
text: the table and bends down to whisper something in his ear. He
text: looks up as if to say -- "Really?" She nods.
speaker_heading: DUC (CONT'D)
dialog: Hang on. You'll love this.
text: He hops up and scruffs Mako's hair as he shouts to the crowd.
speaker_heading: DUC (CONT'D)
dialog: First kill!
text: The crowd cheers and Duc makes his way to the stage.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: You two make a cute couple.
text: Mako turns to playfully smack Kaori, who laughs and winks at
text: her, before following her husband into the crowd.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: What did she say?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: She said -- she had to -- go down
dialog: there for some reason...
text: They beam at each other across the table, giddy and shy, like
text: a pair of school-kids.
text: Duc's voice spills from the sound system as he gets the mic.
speaker_heading: DUC
text: This one goes out to the odd couple
dialog: that saved Busan...
text: We hear a wispy synth riff and he begins to sing --
speaker_heading: DUC (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's dance in style, let's dance
dialog: for a while / Heaven can wait,
dialog: we're only watching the skies /
dialog: Hoping for the best but expecting
dialog: the worst / Are you gonna drop the
dialog: bomb or not? --
text: Alphaville's "Forever Young." The crowd cheers him on and he
text: hams it up. Mako rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I got you something.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: You didn't.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: First kill, right?
text: He hands her a present. She cocks an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
dialog: Nothing huge, but it's the only
dialog: thing you ever said you wanted.
text: She tears into the package -- a Japanese/English dictionary.
text: She laughs. Raleigh shrugs.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
dialog: We made it out alive, didn't we?
text: She looks off into space for a moment, having a thought.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: It's really loud... I'm thinking
text: about heading back to base.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH MAKO
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Oh -- would that be cool?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: I feel like now that we can talk --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: -- we should be getting to know
dialog: each other. Right. Me too.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Yeah, we can talk on the train.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I'm game. Lead the way, gunslinger.
scene_heading: INT. DORMITORY HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Raleigh and Mako come down the empty hall (everyone still out
text: partying). Raleigh glances down at his watch.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Earlier than I thought.
text: They stop just outside their respective quarters.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: I'm not that tired. Maybe I'll
dialog: brush up on my English.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Yeah, I've been trying to learn
dialog: some Japanese off TV Tokyo...
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Yeah? How's that going?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Not good.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Well I'm --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Right. I'll just let you --
text: He trails off as they both turn to go into their rooms.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Hey Raleigh? Sweet dreams.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She smiles impishly.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I knew it! I knew it!
text: Mako cracks up, doubling over. Raleigh turns beat red. She
text: manages to stop laughing long enough to say --
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Sorry. I couldn't resist. It's
dialog: cool. Really. I barely remember it.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: You don't?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Who can remember a dream? Do you?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
text: Only vaguely.
text: They smile at each other -- a lie agreed upon.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
dialog: It happens, right?
text: She nods. They both lean in their doorways. Neither can think
text: of anything else to say, but neither wants to go.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Well... Goodnight, Raleigh.
text: Finally she backs into her room and starts to close her door.
text: Raleigh does likewise.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Night, Mako.
scene_heading: INT. MAKO'S ROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: She shuts the door -- and hesitates with her hand on the
text: doorknob, chewing her lip, thinking.
scene_heading: INT. DORMITORY HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako opens her door just as Raleigh opens his.
text: They both chuckle awkwardly as they stare at one another
text: across the hall, a thought on the tip of their tongues,
dialog: unsure of how to phrase it.
text: Simultaneously, they realize there's no point in trying to
text: phrase it, and they let themselves collide in the middle of
text: the hallway, kissing hungrily.
text: Without breaking Mako backs Raleigh into his room and kicks
text: the door closed behind her.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ESCHATON INSTITUTE -- NIGHT
text: A bonfire swells, spitting embers into the starry night sky
text: as Czerny heaps more kindling onto the blaze. Flick sits
text: across the fire. Newt stands, arms crossed, wary.
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: The Interstice is a gateway to
text: another universe. An older
dialog: universe. A dying universe...
text: He chuckles and gets a distant look in his eyes as he gazes
text: into the bonfire. His smile fades.
speaker_heading: CZERNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I read an article about how a
dialog: particle accelerator could create a
dialog: new universe. Nonsense, right?
dialog: Technology far beyond us.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Anteverse, across the
dialog: Interstice, is home to a
dialog: civilization eons older than Man.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Newt? -- What's he saying?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: They created our universe, to
dialog: escape the death of their own. And
dialog: we are merely an infestation to
text: them. Rats on their life raft.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: A while ago, you told me you were
text: on the verge of a breakthrough.
dialog: Something that could turn the tide?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: That’s why you’re here? You want to
dialog: know how to stop them?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I’ve got a contact at Central
dialog: Command. Whatever you have, Doctor,
dialog: I can put it in front of the brass.
text: He scratches his chin, a baffled grin on his face.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: What were you working on? What did
dialog: you see in the Interstice?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Not something in the Interstice. A
dialog: way to look through the Interstice.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Are you having nightmares, Miss
dialog: Kincaid? Worse than usual?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: We're trying to ask you --
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: And I'm trying to tell you. They're
dialog: coming from the Interstice -- the
dialog: nightmares. It's broadcasting
text: nightmares. Psychic pamphlet bombs.
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I found a way to use that signal to
dialog: see into the Anteverse...
text: Newt stands up. He's heard enough.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: This is ridiculous. Psychic
dialog: signals, Ivo? Really?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Midway has technology beyond your
dialog: wildest dreams. We mapped the
dialog: Interstice's geometry. We
dialog: discovered states of matter --
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: You mapped the Interstice?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: It can't be closed, Newt, it --
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: But it has to have a weak point,
dialog: right? A targeted detonation --
text: This catches Czerny, it takes him a moment to cut Newt off.
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: -- would just open it wider.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: I want to see the map...
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: The map isn't important.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: No, psychic transmissions are
dialog: what's important.
dialog: (shaking his head)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened to you? You used to
dialog: be a scientist.
text: Czerny shakes his head and sighs. He stands and calmly rests
text: his hand on Newt's shoulder with a smile.
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: I'm tired, Newt... We can talk more
dialog: tomorrow if you feel like
dialog: listening...
text: Newt and Flick watch him shuffle up towards the main house.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: I'm sorry, Flick. I didn't know he
dialog: was this far gone.
text: Flick watches Czerny with suspicion in her eyes.
speaker_heading: FLICK
text: He's hiding something.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Maybe. But what can we do?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: We can find it. Go see if you can
dialog: get into his study. I'm going to
dialog: check out that Quonset hut.
scene_heading: INT. QUONSET HUT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Flick steals into the darkened storage hut, finding it full
text: of unlabeled crates.
text: Without turning on the lights she drags one out into the
text: middle of the floor and strains to pry open the lid with her
text: bare hands -- she doesn’t know what kind of time she has.
text: Finally getting it loose, she tosses the lid aside and claws
text: through the packing material. Finally she pulls out -- a
text: generic bottle of water.
text: She looks around at all the crates and her imagination
text: relents, letting their secrets become canned goods.
text: About to leave, she notices the corner of a doorway at the
text: back wall, partially concealed by a stack of palettes on a
text: dolly. She pushes the dolly away and tries the door.
text: It’s locked. With a twisted old paperclip, she probes the
text: keyhole, finessing the lock with a practiced hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Suddenly, the fluorescent lights flicker on above her. She
text: drops the paperclip and whirls around to find Czerny.
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Now what made you think this modest
dialog: little hut had secrets?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Look... I’m sorry but --
dialog: (anger flaring)
dialog: If you’d just talk! Without
dialog: couching your answers in bullshit
dialog: riddles! I’m so tired of running
dialog: around in circles! I’m sorry...
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: I’m not angry. I know what it is to
dialog: be willing to chase the answers
text: even into the darkest abyss.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I’ve come so far to see the things
dialog: you say you’ve seen. If you can’t
dialog: tell me what, at least tell me how.
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: There's a telepathic area of the
text: kaiju’s brain. It's tuned to the
text: signal from the Anteverse.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: See? This is what I mean. You can’t
dialog: just expect me to believe you can
text: peek into a kaiju’s thoughts.
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: See for yourself.
text: He heads to the locked door and fumbles for his keys.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: You know what a drift is?
text: He clumsily unlocks the door.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: The visions Jaeger pilots have when
dialog: they’re in the Pons...
text: He opens the door.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: INT. BACKROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Czerny turns on the lights as he leads Flick inside. She
text: stops at the threshold, daunted by the sight:
text: Beside an examination table, a 200 gallon aquarium, wherein a
text: wrinkled coil of meat hangs in aspic-colored liquid, peppered
text: with electrodes. Big as a man, it can only be kaiju’s brain.
text: And then she notices what looks like a rough-hewn Pons on the
text: floor between the table and the vat...
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Well, you’re about to have a drift
dialog: with a kaiju.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Newt moves through the darkened hallway.
scene_heading: INT. CZERNY'S STUDY -- CONTINUOUS
text: In the dark, Newt searches the rustic outback office. He
text: turns on a flat wall monitor -- "no signal." So he follows an
text: AV cable from the monitor to a nearby cabinet.
text: Opening the cabinet, he finds a hard drive stamped with
text: COSDEC's seal, and a menacing anti-theft warning from Sci-
text: Division. Jackpot. He grins and flicks it on.
text: The "no signal" message vanishes from the monitor, but
text: nothing else comes up -- just an empty pale glow.
text: Frustrated, Newt keeps searching. He looks in the closet. He
text: opens desk drawers. He crouches to look under the desk -- and
text: on the floor, level with the top of the desk, he stops.
text: We see what's caught his attention: a pair of humble reading
text: glasses, but lined up with the glowing wall monitor, we see
text: in the lenses shapes and colors that aren't there.
text: Newt carefully puts the reading glasses on, and
text: THROUGH THE LENSES
text: clearly sees a 3D projection hanging in the air before the
text: glowing monitor: a hidden holographic interface, invisible
text: without the reading glasses.
text: Finding he can manipulate the data with his hands, Newt opens
text: folders, probing deeper and deeper into Czerny's database...
scene_heading: INT. BACKROOM -- NIGHT
text: Flick lies on the examination table. Czerny tightens the
text: straps around her wrists and ankles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I don’t have a wetport.
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: We'll have to do it how we did it
text: before the implants.
text: He shows her the end of a data transmission cable. In place
text: of a mundane connector, the wire terminates in a three inch
text: gold needle, a little thicker than a hypodermic needle.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: You're going to stab that into my
dialog: brain...
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Carefully.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Could this kill me?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: How badly do you want to see it?
text: Without saying anything, she rests her head on the table.
text: Czerny secures her head, neck, and shoulders in a metal brace
text: designed to keep her skull steady for the delicate procedure.
text: He flips on a small video screen -- on it, he sees a grainy
text: ultrasound image of her brain. He dabs a topical numbing
text: agent on the soft patch of skin behind her ear.
speaker_heading: CZERNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m numbing you, but it’s going to
dialog: hurt. Just keep still. I’m aiming
dialog: for a specific spot. If I miss, you
dialog: might forget the letter R or you
dialog: might become a vegetable. Ready?
text: She nods and Czerny lines up the needle. He pierces the skin
text: and gingerly pushes the needle in. She fights to contain her
text: reflexes as her limbs strain against the leather straps.
text: Her face tenses with pain as he guides the needle deeper,
text: watching its progress on the ultrasound, finally finding the
text: targeted section of her brain. The needle, all the way in.
text: He twists a dial on the makeshift Pons.
speaker_heading: CZERNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sending a test signal. You
dialog: should smell chocolate. Do you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: When she speaks, she can’t hide her pain. Her words spill out
text: slurred and desperate.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Yuh-yuh-yes. I smell it.
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Alright. Then you're good to go
dialog: live with the specimen.
text: He flips a switch on the Pons. In the tank, the disembodied
text: brain shivers. Flick gasps. She speaks, oddly loud, as if
text: trying to be heard over music only she can hear.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Voices... I think I see --
dialog: something... Oh god... Where am I?
text: He rests his palm on her forehead and answers her quietly,
text: knowing she can’t hear him. Her mind is elsewhere.
speaker_heading: NEWT
text: The other side, child.
text: And with that, he departs, leaving her alone on the table.
scene_heading: INT. CZERNY'S STUDY -- NIGHT
text: Newt surfs Czerny's holographic database and finally spots a
dialog: promising file: "interstice.model."
text: A 3D projection materializes before him: an abstract, fluid
text: shape resembling a funnel cloud, slithering and stretching
text: itself randomly -- the throat of the Interstice.
text: Newt circles the eerie projection, utterly rapt, carefully
text: examining every angle. He leans close, narrowing his eyes on
text: a point near the center. Curious he tries to touch it...
text: Suddenly, the funnel shivers and breaks at its thinnest
text: point, like an over-stretched bubble finally splitting.
text: Not intending to collapse the projection, Newt curses his
text: clumsiness... But the implications begin to dawn on him.
text: He brings the projection up again. He touches random points;
text: the throat ripples and flexes with his touch, but he can't
dialog: seem to find the spot he touched before...
scene_heading: INT. BACKROOM -- NIGHT
text: In the tank, the kaiju brain quivers as the web of electrodes
text: harvests its synapses and feeds them into the Pons, where
text: they cross the wire stabbed into Flick's skull.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She lies on the table, pale and shivering, horrified.
text: We transition to her vision not in one clean cut or smooth
text: dissolve, but in a broken, helter-skelter succession of
text: frames stuttering into an uneasy view of
speaker_heading: THE ANTEVERSE
text: as Flick sees it. The images have a jittery quality. And the
text: sound, drowned and THROBBING with TINNITUS, clots like syrup
text: in our ears. It feels intrinsically unstable.
text: We find ourselves suddenly perched at a vertiginous height.
text: Miles below us, a dark and bitter alien world.
text: The wind tosses frosty veils of hoarfrost under a blank sky --
text: a wide and star-less pall, black as pitch.
text: A dead sun hangs over the horizon like a bare lightbulb -- an
text: ashen sphere, cracked by rivers of cold, cruel light.
text: An expanse of frigid ocean, divided into wide sunken pens,
text: clear to the horizon -- like an inconceivably vast fish farm.
text: The wide sea steams with desperate breaths.
text: Nightmarish life SEETHES in the water, packed tight as
text: entrails. Clambering talons, slithering tentacles, jaws
text: GASPING. The sea steams with their ragged breaths.
text: Kaiju. All kaiju. Far as the eye can see. An unfathomable
text: mass of monstrous violence.
text: A fine grid of walkways overlays the pens, upon which we
text: glimpse the PRECURSORS from afar. Spare, skeletal figures,
text: like the rarefied inhabitants of an architectural sketch,
text: minuscule against the vast Darwinian chaos below them.
text: BACK IN THE BACKROOM
text: Flick tenses with shivering convulsions, glistening with
text: sweat, tears trailing from her eyes...
scene_heading: INT. CZERNY’S STUDY -- SAME
text: Newt watches the holographic Interstice whip and flow like a
text: liquid sculpture. He randomly stabs at it with his finger,
dialog: hoping to duplicate the action that collapsed it.
text: Suddenly, the study lights come on. Newt tears off the
text: glasses and turns.
text: Czerny glares at him. He approaches without a word and offers
text: his hand expectantly. Newt surrenders the glasses.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Czerny puts them on to see what Newt had been looking at. He
text: frowns and shakes his head as he puts the glasses in his
text: shirt pocket. Newt interjects.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: I think there’s a way to close the
dialog: Interstice. If we just looked at --
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: You can’t blow up a hole.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: It has a structure. I touched
dialog: something. I made it collapse.
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: You can’t pinpoint a weak spot!
dialog: It’s too fluid! It’s impossible!
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: That’s not true... What did you
dialog: tell COSDEC? That closing the it
dialog: was implausible -- or impossible?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: What difference does it make?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: We are fighting for our lives!
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: ++. and we will lose.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Why did they send you here?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Because I had to be quarantined. I
dialog: looked into the abyss. I'd been
dialog: infected with the truth -- that
dialog: this is the end of us. We are the
dialog: vermin of the gods. There’s no
dialog: point in putting up a fight...
text: He shuffles to the closet and slides the doors open.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: I'm finishing this...
text: He pushes the clothes aside and pulls a chain. A naked
text: lightbulb illuminates a warhead, a Jaeger-sized munition.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: CZERNY (CONT'D)
dialog: A thermobaric warhead. You know
dialog: what that is? A seismic bomb. For
dialog: the Mark-3. Powerful enough to blow
dialog: a category-5 kaiju in half.
text: He huddles over a control panel wired up to the bomb. Newt
text: strides over to pull Czerny away from the weapon.
text: Czerny swats him away with an unexpected burst of force that
text: knocks Newt to the ground.
text: He steps back. The clock ticks down -- 2:00, 1:59, 1:58...
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Have you lost your mind?
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Did you not listen to a word I
dialog: said? They aren't just coming here!
dialog: They made here! Their universe is
dialog: dying! It's raw survival! You'd
dialog: stand against the Creators of the
dialog: universe? And I’m insane?
text: Again, Newt scrambles for the bomb. Czerny grapples the boy
text: in his arms. They struggle in desperation as the bomb’s clock
dialog: ticks -- 1:46, 1:45, 1:44...
text: Their clumsy skirmish draws chaotic pirouettes, SLAMMING Newt
text: into the wine cabinet. Finally, Newt catches his footing and
text: pins Czerny against the wall.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: We can solve this! There’s hope!
speaker_heading: CZERNY
dialog: Hope fails! It lifts you up and it
dialog: drops you! I’m not going to let you
dialog: poison the world with hope!
text: And with that, Czerny grabs a nearby letter opener and jams
text: the dull blade into Newt’s ribs.
text: Newt recoils as the bloody blade CLATTERS to the floor. Newt
text: drops to his knees in pain.
text: Czerny throws him down, wrapping his fingers around Newt’s
text: neck. Wild-eyed, he tries to wring the life out of Newt.
dialog: 1:29, 1:28, 1:27...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: CZERNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m doing you a favor. You don’t
dialog: wanna be around when they get here.
dialog: Ask your friend...
text: Newt breaks Czerny’s grip and takes him by the collar.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: What did you do to her???
text: Czerny only chuckles through a blood-slick sneer. Newt drops
text: him and takes a step towards the bomb, but Czerny grabs his
text: ankle. Newt falls to the floor, and kicks his feet free.
text: He grabs the flatscreen off the wall and drops it on Czerny’s
text: head. The scientist falls limp.
text: Newt clumsily gathers his bearings. He glances at the bomb’s
dialog: control panel.
dialog: 1:14, 1:13, 1:12...
text: Quickly, he opts to find Flick and get out.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Newt bursts out the door and bolts for the Quonset hut.
scene_heading: INT. BACKROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Flick twitches on the table, lost in the drift, her eyes
text: locked on some horrid sight in some other universe.
scene_heading: INT. QUONSET HUT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Newt bursts inside. He hears screaming and quickly spots the
text: back door. He tries it -- locked. He pounds and shouts.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Flick! Open the door!
scene_heading: INT. BACKROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Shivers course through Flick's muscles. Her lip quivers.
text: Hopeless tears spill from her wide eyes.
scene_heading: INT. CZERNY'S STUDY -- CONTINUOUS
text: On the floor, Czerny smiles as he squints at the clock --
dialog: 257, 2:56, :55...
scene_heading: INT. QUONSET HUT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Newt kicks at the door, again and again, time running out.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. BACKROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: The door splinters open and Newt rushes in to find Flick
text: drenched in sweat and so pale, almost blue. He pulls the
text: needle out of her brain and unfastens the straps.
text: The drift seems to linger in her mind.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: So cold. Can't breath...
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Breathe! You have to breathe!
speaker_heading: FLICK
text: It hurts. Ice in my lungs.
scene_heading: INT. CZERNY'S STUDY -- CONTINUOUS
text: The clock ticks -- :44, :43, :42...
scene_heading: EXT. THE ESCHATON INSTITUTE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Newt cradles Flick in his arms. Her head lolls as she stares
text: at the sky, seeing another sky, some other place.
speaker_heading: FLICK
text: No stars. The sky is dead...
text: He briskly carries her to
speaker_heading: THE JEEP
text: and straps her into the passenger's seat, before climbing in,
text: twisting the ignition, and throttling it so hard that
scene_heading: THE REAR WHEELS
text: spin up plumes of red dust, before catching and launching the
text: vehicle up the road.
scene_heading: INT. JEEP -- CONTINUOUS
text: Newt's frantic eyes dart between the twisting desert road and
text: the compound's gate, shrinking in his rearview mirror.
text: Flick gags. Her body convulses in her seat. Her back arches
text: as if her spine wants to break her in half. She falls limp.
text: Newt reaches over to feel her pulse as he drives.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: No no no! Gimme a pulse, Flick!
text: He can't stop to give her CPR. He knows he's not far enough
text: from the blast yet. He floors it. Her head lolls with the
text: sharp turns, lifeless as a doll.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTBACK ROAD -- CONTINUOUS
text: The jeep bobs and weaves along the tortured road. We pull
text: back to see the escape in context -- the jeep's meandering
text: headlights too slow and still too close to the compound.
scene_heading: INT. CZERNY'S STUDY -- CONTINUOUS
text: The final seconds -- :06, :05, :04, :03...
scene_heading: EXT. THE ESCHATON INSTITUTE -- CONTINUOUS
text: The pavilion goes up in a mighty CRACK of light followed by a
text: flame-less blast and an incredible shockwave that RIPS
text: through every building in its path, levelling the compound.
text: It speeds out, warping the air and rippling the ground.
text: The wave SLAMS the jeep and tosses it careening end over end.
scene_heading: INT. JEEP -- CONTINUOUS
text: Newt steadies Flick's limply flailing body as the jeep rolls.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTBACK -- CONTINUOUS
text: The battered jeep finally settles on its side. A moment
text: later, Newt crawls out the sun roof. He turns and pulls
text: Flick's body out after him.
text: He drags her a safe distance from the wreck and checks again
text: for her pulse. Finding nothing, he begins performing CPR as
text: the compound burns in the distance.
dialog: Cycle after cycle. Compressions, breaths, repeat... Our
text: hearts sink, but Newt doesn't let up. He doesn't shout or
text: lose it; he just keeps at it, like a machine.
text: Suddenly, Flick jolts with a fit of coughing. She weakly
text: pushes Newt away and rolls over to puke. At first, it seems
text: such a fragile miracle, he dares not touch her.
text: She gasps and winces, cradling her CPR-cracked ribs. Weak
text: words spill out of her mouth.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Why did you save me?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: What did he do to you?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I did it, Newt! It was my decision!
text: She turns away from Newt, coughing. She holds her ribs
text: gingerly and succumbs to her trembling legs, sitting in the
text: dust. She watches the compound burn.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw the other universe... You
dialog: should have let me die, Newt.
text: Newt runs his fingers through his hair, crushed to hear her
dialog: talk like this. He has nothing to say...
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
text: The Interstice is stabilizing. More
dialog: are coming. In numbers we can't
dialog: imagine.
text: Newt has a sudden thought.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: What did you say? About the
dialog: Interstice?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: It's stabilizing...
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Are you sure? How do you know?
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: I know because they know.
text: Newt starts to smile. He can barely get the words out.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Flick... I know how to close it. I
dialog: know how to close the Interstice.
scene_heading: EXT. PUDONG, SHANGHAI -- NIGHT
text: A futuristic riverfront skyline, crowded with record-smashing
text: supertall skyscrapers, all blazing with neon color.
text: Gipsy Danger stands in the street, poised to fight an
text: oncoming kaiju -- as if in a neon jungle, the titanic pair
text: dwarfed by Pudong’s orbed spires and stark, glass edifices.
text: Kaiju OOLONG, a chitinous crab-like dragon with black
text: exoskeletal armor and giant pincers. The behemoth hauls
text: itself up the wide freeway on the tips of its huge crab-
text: claws, reminiscent of a knuckle-walking gorilla.
text: Gipsy Danger lifts her arm. The armor opens to expose a row
text: of electrical transformers. Without cutting to the conn-pods,
text: we hear Raleigh and Mako's radio traffic.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
text: Electrolaser hot.
speaker_heading: MAKO (FILTERED)
dialog: Let’s feed him some thunder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The air HUMS with electricity as she trains an emerald green
text: targeting laser on Oolong.
text: CRACK — in the searing blink of an eye, a jagged bolt of
text: lightning flashes between the transformers and the kaiju.
text: Oolong recoils, smoke SIZZLING from the flashpoint.
speaker_heading: MAKO (FILTERED) (CONT'D)
dialog: Damnit! Weapons short!
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
dialog: We'll do it the old-fashoined way.
text: Oolong grabs Gipsy Danger in his black claw and drives the
text: Jaeger back, her iron feet GRINDING gullies into the asphalt.
text: The kaiju slams the Jaeger into the two-thousand foot
text: Shanghai Tower. The lower floors SHATTER and COLLAPSE.
text: The soaring glass helix falls, PULVERIZING a quarter-mile of
text: dense city blocks, its pinnacle SMASHING into the river.
text: The throbbing city lights stain the settling dust in lurid
text: color. We see Oolong still bearing down on Gipsy Danger.
text: The beast squeezes the mech in his pincer. But, Gipsy Danger
text: pushes back, prying the it open...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED) (CONT'D)
dialog: Push push push!
text: In a sharp outburst of effort, the Jaeger opens the claw so
dialog: far that the joint CRACKS.
text: Gipsy Danger RIPS off the lower half of the giant claw, and
text: JAMS the chitinous skewer into Oolong's eye.
text: Oolong SHRIEKS and thrashes his dragon-like head.
text: Gipsy Danger grabs the kaiju by the jaws and twists. Finally,
text: Oolong's neck SNAPS.
text: The dead kaiju teeters and CRASHES to the ground.
scene_heading: INT. THE MOCK-PIT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Hydraulics lift the lid of the simulated conn-pods as
text: Pentecost enters, carrying his clipboard.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Well the tower puts your property
dialog: damage in the red...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Want us to go again?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: You kidding? You beat the time by
dialog: half. Take the night off.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: But the property damage...
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: It’s Pudong. Four of the region's
dialog: tallest buildings in four square
text: miles. It’s always in the red.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Seriously, call it a night. You
dialog: ripped through all my scenarios. I
dialog: need to cook up a new one.
text: Pentecost makes notes on his clipboard as Raleigh and Mako
text: unstrap their helmets and climb out of the pit.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Dinner?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: You go on. Save me a spot in line.
text: He goes. She lingers, ringing her hands as she waits for
text: Pentecost to look up from his clipboard. She finally speaks.
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: Sensei. You should know... Raleigh
dialog: and I have been --
text: Pentecost answers brusquely without looking up.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: I'm afraid we're approaching the
dialog: limits of my expertise, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Yes, Sensei. Sorry.
text: She starts out, embarrassed. Pentecost sighs.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: It's new. You don't know what it is
dialog: yet. I wish I could tell you.
text: Cadets enlist in pairs. Old souls.
dialog: The work's done. The bonds are
text: cooled and set. Like granite. What
dialog: you have, it's magma. No one can
dialog: tell you what shape it will take...
text: She pulls herself together and nods.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Thank you, Sensei.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Are you happy?
text: She dwells on it, until a smile cracks her lips.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: I am, yes.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Well that's a start, isn't it?
scene_heading: INT. RALEIGH’S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Swathed by tangled bedsheets, Mako and Raleigh laze in post-
text: coital contentment. She rests her head on his heart.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Should we be doing this?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: We’re supposed to be bonding...
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Ah, like maybe we have to do this.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Right, for the good of mankind.
text: Their laughter trails, but the thought sticks...
speaker_heading: MAKO
text: Back at Kodiak, most of the teams
dialog: that were sleeping together washed
dialog: out in the first round...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Not Duc and Kaori...
text: She turns to face him, propping her chin on her arms.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: It can get complicated. Even for
dialog: normal people...
text: Raleigh’s mind wanders. His eyes look past Mako and we hear
text: the drifting voices of his memory.
speaker_heading: FLICK (V.0O.)
dialog: Did I screw up the bond that drove
dialog: the machine? --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (V.O.)
dialog: Look sharp, Yance, he’s coming up.
text: Mako hears it too.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: (kind)
dialog: Raleigh... Stop. You did all you
dialog: could. He was your brother. You
dialog: couldn’t not...
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA PIER -- DUSK (GHOST-DRIFT)
text: The kaiju Tortuga rises from the water, bloody and battered,
text: but not finished. Coyote Tango stands ready to fight.
text: BACK TO PRESENT
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: What if -- my reflexes stopped me?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: That’s not how reflexes work.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Isn’t it?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: There’s a part of us that wants to
dialog: care about other people...
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA PIER -- DUSK (GHOST-DRIFT)
text: Tortuga shakes the sea of his asperous armor, and lets out a
text: full-throated ROAR.
speaker_heading: MAKO (V.O.)
dialog: And in times of crisis, for some
dialog: people, that part takes over. It
dialog: just sweeps all the petty crap away
text: and grabs the wheel...
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ZUMA 2 -- CONTINUOUS (GHOST-DRIFT)
text: The Jaeger’s arm wanders into Yancy’s view as Raleigh
text: unconsciously has the Jaeger cover its front.
speaker_heading: YANCY
dialog: Guarding! Get that arm up and give
dialog: me a firing solution!
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA PIER -- CONTINUOUS (GHOST-DRIFT)
text: Coyote Tango lifts her arm-mounted cannon to take aim at the
text: kaiju. Tortuga crouches, tense, ready to charge.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
dialog: He’s gonna rush us, Yance!
speaker_heading: YANCY (FILTERED)
dialog: Don’t drop your aim!
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ZUMA 2 -- CONTINUOUS (GHOST-DRIFT)
text: Tortuga shifts his massive bulk as the sea breeze tosses
text: curtains of mist of his hide. Yancy concentrates but can’t
text: make the targeting pipper find a lock.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ZUMA 1 -- CONTINUOUS (GHOST-DRIFT)
text: Raleigh watches as Tortuga plows his weight through the surf,
text: surging towards us. The Jaeger’s aim flinches as Raleigh
text: stops himself from bringing the arm down to block.
speaker_heading: YANCY (FILTERED)
dialog: Keep it steady, Rals!
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: He’s charging!
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA PIER -- CONTINUOUS (GHOST-DRIFT)
text: Tortuga bulldozes towards the wading Jaeger, but Coyote Tango
text: holds her aim steady.
text: Tortuga opens his trifurcated beak and launches his harpoon-
text: tongue. The serpentine muscle punches through the Jaeger's
text: chest armor like a bunker-buster.
text: BACK TO PRESENT
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: How do you know I’m one of those
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Because it's the part that hurts
dialog: when you can't.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ZUMA 1 -- CONTINUOUS (GHOST-DRIFT)
text: Raleigh feels the very instant his brother dies, and for the
text: first time, we see his reaction... Furious, devastated tears
text: in his eyes, he snaps. His words come out like thunder.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: No! Yancy! --
text: Pangs of grief twist his face, choking the words in his
text: throat. His veins stand tight as wires on his temples.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA PIER -- CONTINUOUS (GHOST-DRIFT)
text: Coyote Tango grabs the harpoon tongue and RIPS the muscle out
text: of the kaiju's jaws, by the ragged root.
text: The Jaeger gathers its other hand in a fist and lands a SKULL-
text: CRACKING blow that sends Tortuga toppling into the shallows.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Coyote Tango drives her armored fists, one after the other,
text: in an endless siege of mighty freight-train PUNCHES.
text: He doesn't stop. Not even as the PUMMELED sea turns red with
text: gore. Not even as Tortuga’s limbs stop twitching.
text: Smoke begins to spill from the Jaeger's over-taxed muscles;
text: blow after blow reduces its fists to bloody, crumpled knots
text: of machinery -- but still it HAMMERS the lifeless carcass.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ZUMA 1 -- CONTINUOUS (GHOST-DRIFT)
text: Raleigh glares through hot tears, his jaw tight with animal
text: rage, utterly consumed by raw anguish.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: That was my brother you son of a
dialog: bitch! That was my fucking brother!
text: Through the fog of ALARMS and SHUDDERING machinery, a radio
text: voice calls out to him.
speaker_heading: DISPATCH (FILTERED)
text: Zuma 1, target subdued. Stand down.
text: But Raleigh shows no sign he hears the command.
speaker_heading: DISPATCH (FILTERED) (CONT'D)
dialog: Remote shutdown in 5, 4, 3...
text: BACK TO PRESENT
text: The NOISE of the memory echoes as Raleigh pulls himself up to
text: sit on the edge of the bed, his face in his hands.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: You did all you could, Raleigh. You
dialog: loved him.
text: He pulls his hands from his face and sits in the dark,
text: thinking. Mako just watches.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Then it’s not a mistake -- This.
dialog: Us. We're not a mistake...
text: She sits up and folds her arms around him.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDWAY -- DUSK
text: A robust city-sized complex of practical but modern buildings
text: covers the once-desolate spit of land.
scene_heading: SUPER: COSDEC Science Division, Primary Interstice Monitoring
dialog: Station - Midway Atoll
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: INT. MONITORING STATION -- CONTINUOUS
text: A dimly lit control center. A COMMANDER oversees rows of
text: TELEMETRY SPECIALISTS dutifully manning their data terminals.
text: An ALARM goes off. The mood instantly tenses.
scene_heading: TELEMETRY SPECIALIST
dialog: Density spike! Something's coming
dialog: through the Interstice!
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: Mass estimate?
scene_heading: TELEMETRY SPECIALIST
dialog: Standy-by... These numbers don't
dialog: make sense...
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: Lieutenant... How big is it?
text: The Telemetry Specialist just shakes his head, confused.
scene_heading: INT. JETLINER CABIN -- DUSK
text: A full flight. Flick and Newt chatter quietly.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Are you sure it will work?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Sure enough to try.
text: He turns and looks out the window; a dry, matter-of-fact
text: determination in his voice.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't care if they are the
dialog: creators of the universe. I like
dialog: the universe.
text: She leans her head on the seat and watches him with a pining
text: look in her eyes. He turns to add with a chuckle --
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: And I'm not a creationist.
text: -- and turns back to the window. She smiles but doesn't
text: laugh, lost in thought, her gears turning wistfully.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that Mount Fuji? Incredible...
text: OUT THE WINDOW: Mount Fuji's snow-capped volcanic cone rises
text: from a rippled sea of clouds, stained gold and pink by the
text: sinking sun -- a breathtaking vista.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: But Flick doesn't give it a glance. She just looks at him
text: looking out the window, gradually realizing something about
text: this odd fellow. Something important. He turns.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: If that's Fuji, shouldn't we be --
text: She cups his cheek in her hand and kisses him, suddenly but
text: softly. After a startled flinch, he gives himself to it.
text: The moment draws out. Gossamer and earnest, almost timid --
text: until finally, Flick gently pulls away.
text: Newt narrows his eyes at her, as if not sure he's awake.
text: Saying nothing, she just smiles. Newt opens his mouth to
dialog: speak, but is interrupted --
speaker_heading: PILOT (FILTERED)
dialog: We're hearing a kaiju warning has
dialog: been issued for Tokyo Bay...
text: Newt cranes his neck to look out the window as if expecting
text: to see the monsters. Flick stares dead ahead, anxious.
speaker_heading: PILOT (FILTERED) (CONT’D)
dialog: We're being diverted to Toyama...
dialog: We'll be landing very shortly.
text: Newt notices Flick's white knuckles gripping the armrest. He
text: takes her hand. Their fingers interlace, clinging tightly.
scene_heading: EXT. MINATO MIRAI -- NIGHT
text: The city lights scintillate on the water as swarms of
text: Jumphawks hoist Tacit Ronin across Tokyo Bay.
speaker_heading: DISPATCH (FILTERED)
dialog: Your target is designated KJ
dialog: Komodo. Category-4.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Duc toggles his pre-fight switches.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh, is that all?
dialog: (to Kaori)
dialog: Hey sweetie, did you hear? --
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: We see Kaori in her own conn-pod, a bit uneasy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DUC (FILTERED)
dialog: A cat-4. If that doesn't sound fun,
dialog: I don't know what does.
text: She lets out a nervous/excited laugh.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh meets up with Mako, who's already watching from the
text: back of the bustling control room.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Did they say cat-4?
text: She nods, her brow furrowed. Raleigh whistles.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
dialog: What is that, like the third cat-4
dialog: anyone's ever seen?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Fourth... They killed the third.
speaker_heading: DISPATCH
dialog: Tracking stations report both he's
text: entered Tokyo Bay and is headed for
dialog: the Minato Mirai waterfront. ETA in
text: less than ten minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. MINATO MIRAI -- NIGHT
text: SIRENS sound as EVAC COORDINATORS flag panicked CIVILIANS
text: away from streets clotted with spontaneously abandoned cars.
text: Behind the stark, modern skyscrapers and the three-hundred
text: foot Ferris wheel purling with shifting emerald greens,
text: purples, and reds -- the two Jaegers approach.
text: The Jumphawks maneuver the mechs to their positions. Tacit
text: Ronin's escorts lower the Mark-2 near the Ferris wheel.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: DISPATCH (FILTERED)
dialog: Meiji team, Komodo inbound a half
text: klick northeast. Clear to engage.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Roger LOCCENT. We have visual.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT. MINATO MIRAI -- CONTINUOUS
text: Ahead of Tacit Ronin, hills of water rise to spill across the
text: street as the kaiju's bow wave heralds its approach. The huge
text: beast hauls itself from the water, onto shore.
text: A long, lizard-like creature called KOMODO. Rows of teeth
text: curl sloppily from his jaws. A baroque frill of coiled and
text: braided horns embellishes his head. He scrabbles on six
text: splayed legs; tail terminating in a spiked thagomizer.
text: He is -- markedly larger than the Jaeger and (as a category-4
text: kaiju) the largest of any we've yet seen. He shakes the water
text: off his scales and ROARS.
text: Tacit Ronin stands in the shifting carnival light of the
text: towering Ferris wheel, ready for battle.
text: Komodo lumbers onto the street ahead of Tacit Ronin, turning
text: to face the Jaeger.
text: The kaiju rears up on his four hind legs, brandishing his
text: taloned forelimbs. The reptilian monster towers a full head
text: taller than the Jaeger.
text: He throws his head back, RETCHING, and with a neck-snap,
text: SPEWS a wad of noxious bile. It SPLATTERS short of the mech.
text: The sludge BOILS and SEETHES on the cars and pavement below,
text: dissolving anything it touches.
text: Tacit Ronin charges in to engage Komodo hand-to-hand. Her
text: style is different from Gipsy Danger’s; less primal and
text: rugged; more like Bruce Lee, nimble and precise.
text: With lethal grace, she assails Komodo’s scaly hide with a
text: storm of kicks and chops -- taekwondo on an epic scale.
text: Her knifehand strikes cut the air like fighter jets, tracing
text: wingtip vortices off her fingertips.
text: She finishes the combo with a roundhouse kick, a jaw-dropping
text: maneuver for a machine of her unparalleled size.
text: As her feet hit the ground, we hear the metallic GROAN of her
text: settling weight as her frame protests the unorthodox move.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: A small alert BUZZES.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Actuator stress warning...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Raleigh and Mako watch, stunned. It was a reckless move.
scene_heading: EXT. MINATO MIRAI -- CONTINUOUS
text: In the instant it takes Tacit Ronin to regain her balance,
text: Komodo charges, slashing and snapping.
text: His talons score shallow scars across the Jaeger’s armor.
text: Tacit Ronin staggers back, barely dodging his SNAPPING jaws.
text: The monster pivots to swing his spiked tail.
text: The Jaeger dodges the spikes on the first pass and catches
text: them on the second, clutching the tail in an iron grip.
text: Komodo pulls and thrashes angrily, but Tacit Ronin holds
text: tight. Finally he quivers, HACKING and RETCHING.
text: The Jaeger barely dodges the knot of acidic bile that sails
text: past -- to SPATTER the side of a nearby skyscraper.
text: The glass FESTERS and DRIPS away, exposing more and more of
text: the stacked floors inside, until they can no longer hold the
text: tower's weight, and the whole edifice quivers and COLLAPSES.
text: Again, Komodo rears up on his hind four legs, towering high
text: over Tacit Ronin.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: DUC
text: Cutlass laser. Full power. Three
dialog: second burn.
speaker_heading: KAORI (FILTERED)
dialog: Three seconds will sap the
dialog: reserves.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Gimme three seconds and we won't
dialog: need the reserves.
scene_heading: EXT. MINATO MIRAI -- CONTINUOUS
text: A compartment on Tacit Ronin’s forearm opens to deploy a
text: deceptively modest-looking array, and IGNITES a beam of
text: energy that meets Komodo’s exposed chest.
text: A vector-straight line of searing light bores clear through
text: the kaiju’s body in an instant to slice across the sky, an
text: oddly bright laser-light show.
text: With a swing of her wrist, Tacit Ronin pulls the laser up,
text: cleaving Komodo’s torso up the middle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The laser turns off. The air around the array still ripples
text: with cosmic heat as the armor folds up to reclaim the weapon.
text: Komodo’s balance holds his dead body up for a brief moment,
text: before his mighty bulk falls.
text: The top third of the beast butterflies open, exposing a
text: macabre cross section of his body cavity, neat as a textbook
text: diagram. The laser-sliced edges still SIZZLE.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: APPLAUSE fills the room as the kill is officially confirmed.
speaker_heading: DISPATCH
text: Kaiju Komodo is down.
text: An ALARM sounds, triggering a confused hush.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: The harbor sensors... It must have
text: hid in Komodo’s wake.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Report! What is it?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: It’s another hostile, sir. Inbound
text: to Tacit Ronin’s position.
text: Raleigh and Mako whisper.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Two in a row? Is that even doable?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: I've never even heard of back-to-
dialog: back simulations without someone
text: going into nuerogenic shock.
text: Takada paces, his impatience mounting.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Talk to me! Give me a target brief!
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Displacement -- ten-thousand seven
dialog: hundred metric tons...
text: Silence. He turns.
speaker_heading: OFFICER (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a category five...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Raleigh and Mako exchange glances and bolt out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Sweat drips from Duc’s stunned face. He’s just heard the
text: news. It takes him a moment to grapple with it.
dialog: puc
dialog: Copy that, LOCCENT...
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Kaori sits, aghast.
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: Our reserves are empty. Our
dialog: actuators are over-stressed...
text: She trails off, shaking her head. Her thoughts speak.
speaker_heading: KAORI (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It took them days to drop the last
dialog: cat-5... What do we do?
speaker_heading: DUC (V.0.)
dialog: We fight.
scene_heading: EXT. MINATO MIRAI -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: DISPATCH (FILTERED)
dialog: Meiji team, weapons free. You are
text: clear to engage kaiju Fulcrum.
text: A chaotic shape looms from the dark bay.
text: Tentacles hide his jaws. Longer tentacles trail from his
text: taloned arms. A scourge of tails whips the air behind him.
text: He is kaiju FULCRUM -- an alien chaos of tentacles and
text: dinosaurian limbs, his movements fluid and menacing, as much
text: like a predator stalking primeval jungles as like a kraken
text: prowling sunken ruins. He glisters with bioluminescence.
text: He climbs ashore and rises to his full height -- almost a
dialog: third bigger than the Mark-2.
text: He lashes out with one of his long tentacles. The mech dodges
text: and as the tentacle rakes past us, we see the rows of cruel,
text: hooked claws running the length of it.
text: It whips through the hundred meter Ferris wheel like
text: balsawood, cleaving the neon spokes in a fit of sparks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The kaiju slings his arm, launching some sort of projectiles
text: from tubules on his wrist.
text: The fleshy projectiles SMACK Tacit Ronin's armor --
text: BERSERKERS, delirious little tentacled creatures, prying at
text: any seam they can find, until their bodies bloat and BURST.
text: The few stray Berserkers miss the Jaeger and fall into the
text: choked traffic of a nearby highway.
text: There, they enthusiastically dismember whatever they land on,
text: RIPPING the engines out of stalled cars, TEARING bystanders
text: limb from limb, bloating and BURSTING like grenades.
text: The Mark-2 dodges a tentacle and as it rakes past us, we see
text: the rows of cruel, hooked claws running the length of it.
text: The tentacle cuts the hundred meter Ferris wheel like
text: balsawood, cleaving the neon spokes in a giddy fit of sparks.
text: With a sweep of his arm, Fulcrum LASHES the Jaeger with his
text: longest tentacle; the clawed suckers TEAR a ragged gash in
text: Tacit Ronin's armor. The mech staggers to catch her balance.
text: Fulcrum slings another wave of Berserkers. A few alight on
text: the mech's gashed armor, RIPPING bundles of thick cables out
text: before swelling and BURSTING.
text: Mid-action, Tacit Ronin locks up (the Berserkers having
dialog: apparently severed some critical connection).
text: Frozen in this unstable posture, the Jaeger tilts and starts
text: to fall into the side of a high-rise.
text: The wall collapses around the paralyzed Jaeger, but the rest
text: of the building holds.
text: The machine slides to an uneasy rest, leaning into the
text: sagging floors of the building’s exposed interior. Papers
text: from countless offices and cubicles spill into the wind.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Duc radios for help as Fulcrum skulks closer on the HUD.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: LOCCENT, we are motor cold --
speaker_heading: KAORI (FILTERED)
dialog: It's no use, Duc...
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: She eyes a blinking, red indicator light, defeated.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: .-- Long range com is out.
scene_heading: EXT. MINATO MIRAI -- CONTINUOUS
text: Fulcrum steps closer and closer to the crippled mech.
text: He finally descends on the fallen Jaeger, twisting his
text: powerful tentacles around her limbs, his jaws ravenously
text: searching for purchase on the armor.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Duc watches suckered tentacles press against his IMAX vista,
dialog: growing resigned -- there’s nothing more they can do. He
text: sends his thoughts across the Pons to Kaori.
speaker_heading: DUC (V.0.)
dialog: Kaori... Close your eyes...
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: The tentacles bloom open to reveal -- Fulcrum's maw, barbed
text: mandibles and rows of teeth, rolling like the cutting chain
text: of a chainsaw. The hungry mouth fills the three-sixty HUD.
text: Kaori closes her eyes. She hears Duc’s voice in her mind.
speaker_heading: DUC (V.0.)
dialog: I regret nothing. If fighting
dialog: monsters was the price of knowing
dialog: your soul, I'd fight a thousand.
text: She smiles and replies out loud.
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: I know.
text: He starts to sing to her over the radio -- a Japanese oldie
text: with a familiar melody ("Sukiyaki” to Westerners).
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: (singing; not subtitled)
dialog: Ue o muite aruko --
text: She joins in, as they share in some drift we can’t see.
speaker_heading: KAORI DUC (FILTERED)
text: - namida ga kobore naiyouni -- - namida ga kobore naiyouni --
text: A third voice suddenly interrupts on the radio.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
dialog: Roma-1 to Meiji-1, you guys better
dialog: not be saying your goodbyes.
scene_heading: EXT. MINATO MIRAI -- CONTINUOUS
text: Fulcrum turns from his prey as the Jumphawks carry Gipsy
text: Danger into view.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
dialog: Because you will live to kiss this
dialog: scrap heap's heels, so help me god.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Duc grins ear to ear, and laughs with a surge of adrenaline.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh watches as Fulcrum tracks the mech's descent with
text: cold eyes as the Jumphawks lower Gipsy Danger to the street.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Hey Mako, you know there’s only
dialog: ever been one other cat-5, right?
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako wears a grim look.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Osaka...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
dialog: Can you handle this?
text: She nods slowly, and we know --
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: I was born to handle this.
scene_heading: EXT. MINATO MIRAI -- NIGHT
text: Gipsy Danger deploys her chain-sword. The retracting cord
text: pulls the interlocking links together -- CLANK CLANK CLANK --
text: to form the stiff, segmented blade.
text: Fulcrum SNARLS and stalks towards the Mark-1 Jaeger.
text: His tentacles hoist a piece of the broken Ferris wheel to
text: fling it at Gipsy Danger. It SHATTERS against the mech.
text: As he advances, he picks up buses and garbage trucks, hurling
text: them at the Jaeger one after another.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The vehicles CRASH against the heavy armor as Gipsy Danger
text: swats them away.
text: Fulcrum moves away from
speaker_heading: TACIT RONIN
text: letting the hovering Jumphawks drop lines down to the
text: disabled Jaeger. REPAIR TECHS slide down the cables. They
text: scramble across the sprawl of armor to reach the damage.
text: Behind them, the tentacled kaiju approaches
speaker_heading: GIPSY DANGER
text: spoiling for a fight. Fulcrum lunges for Gipsy Danger. The
text: Jaeger seizes him by the tendrils and diverts the attack's
text: momentum, hurling the kaiju into a high-rise.
text: The impact JOLTS the tower off its foundation to SMASH it
text: against the building next door, demolishing both.
text: Fulcrum pulls himself up from the rubble, shaking off the
text: debris -- twisted rebar, splintered furniture, and dead
text: bodies fall like dust from the colossal kaiju.
text: Fulcrum spots the cluster of activity on the fallen Jaeger's
text: torso and slings a batch of Berserkers towards
speaker_heading: TACIT RONIN
text: where FLASHING torches light the hectic repair efforts.
text: The human-sized Berserkers scramble for the vulnerable men,
text: barbed tentacles lashing out for them, but the Techs continue
text: working, trained to tune out the danger.
text: The Jumphawks circling above shred the monsters with heavy
text: gunfire, just barely getting the last Berserker before it
text: gets within reach of the workers. Behind them
speaker_heading: GIPSY DANGER
text: grabs Fulcrum's monster-spewing tubule, pinching it closed.
text: The siphon-like organ swells until the Jaeger RIPS it from
text: Fulcrum's arm. The kaiju SHRIEKS.
text: His wound spills half-formed Berserkers to street below --
text: sloppy heaps of sickly twitching tentacles dissolve before
dialog: they can become anything remotely lethal.
text: The towering cat-5 kaiju lashes out, thrashing his tentacles
text: at the Jaeger in a chaotic frenzy that threatens to consume
text: the mech -- a dozen taloned whips cracking at once.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: But somehow she’s holding the hurricane of tentacles at bay,
text: HACKING away with her chain-sword.
text: Meanwhile, her shoulder-mounted autocannon, like a cannonball-
text: spewing Gatling gun, swivels to RIP through whatever
text: tentacles the sword misses.
text: Like a medieval hun she fights the thing back.
text: Until finally it SNAGS her arm, then her other.
text: The machine struggles as Fulcrum coils what remains of his
text: ragged, powerful tentacles around the Jaeger.
text: We hear the GROANING of bowed metal as Fulcrum squeezes.
text: A THROBBING PULSE of deep sound ripples the air SHUDDERS the
text: cars in the streets like an earthquake.
text: Fulcrum releases Gipsy Danger, shaking his head as if trying
text: to shake the noise out of his ears.
text: Nearby, Tacit Ronin stands. The Jumphawks scatter. The Mark-
text: 2's jaws hang open -- emitting a crippling ULTRASONIC PULSE.
text: Fulcrum turns to rush Tacit Ronin.
speaker_heading: DUC (FILTERED)
dialog: We're back, but don’t go thinking
dialog: we got the power to do more than
text: scream at him.
text: Gipsy Danger WHIPS her chain-sword loose and snares it around
text: Fulcrum's neck, choking him back from the Mark-2.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
dialog: I’ve got an idea. Get ready to vent
dialog: your coolant.
text: The chain retracts. The razor-edged links CHEW through
text: Fulcrum's neck as they rip back into the Jaeger's arm.
text: Fulcrum's tentacled head falls off --
text: -- but the massive body charges blindly ahead to tangle Tacit
text: Ronin in its crushing grip.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: A burst of movement on the street below draws Mako's
text: attention from Tacit Ronin's struggle.
text: Fulcrum's head wriggles with an angry spark of life.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Raleigh! The head!
scene_heading: EXT. MINATO MIRAI -- CONTINUOUS
text: Tentacles thrashing, the head fitfully scrambles for Gipsy
text: Danger, smearing a blood-slick across the street.
text: The Jaeger lifts her foot and STOMPS the hateful thing into
text: oblivion. A short distance away
speaker_heading: TACIT RONIN
text: wrestles with Fulcrum's headless body. A billowing white
text: cloud HISSES from a spur on the Mark-2's forearm, unfurling
text: to engulf the monster.
text: The icy plumes dissipate -- leaving the kaiju a brittle,
text: frost-crusted husk. Tacit Ronin SNAPS free of the flash-
text: frozen coils of muscle and steps back.
text: The frozen colossus tips and falls, SHATTERING to lifeless
text: pieces in the street.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- NIGHT
text: Pentecost retrieves his coat. The control room is empty, but
text: the massive main screen glows with a collage of newsfeeds.
text: He spots Takada watching the news; a glass and a bottle of
text: whiskey nearby. Pentecost goes over to check on him.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: All these questions... Are the
dialog: attacks increasing? Are we at war?
dialog: It's like they're daring us to
dialog: scare the shit out of them...
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: They're asking for cause to hope.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: I don't have it... We all know it's
dialog: a siege. What can I say they don't
dialog: already know? We call the enemy the
dialog: Precursors... I may as well tell
dialog: the world the gods want us dead.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Maybe we should level with them.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: It was two tonight. What happens
dialog: when it's three? -- or four?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TAKADA (CONT'D)
dialog: -- every forty-eight hours? How
dialog: long could we fight that fight?
text: He turns to Pentecost who lowers his eyes; he has no answer.
speaker_heading: TAKADA (CONT'D)
dialog: Combined Special Defense Corps...
dialog: It's always defense. We're always
dialog: defending. It's their game to win.
dialog: Does the world want to hear that?
text: He takes a couple of stimulants with a swig of his drink.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: It's been a long night, sir. I
dialog: wouldn't lose any sleep to cable
dialog: news. We all need the rest.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Sleep isn't rest, Stacker. Not with
dialog: nightmares like mine...
scene_heading: EXT. MINATO MIRAI -- DAY
text: The previous night's combat zone, strewn with mountains of
text: bloodied rubble. Convoys of heavy COSDEC trucks collect the
text: shattered pieces of kaiju Fulcrum.
text: Up the street, swarms of flies revel on the cross-sectioned
text: carcass of kaiju Komodo, bisected and laid open like a
text: colossal anatomical diagram.
text: CREWS in hazmat suits hose the body with riot foam, billowing
text: to envelop the carcass in clouds of rock.
scene_heading: MAKO'S POV -- THROUGH BINOCULARS
text: We watch squads of Jumphawks hoist the foam-encased carcass.
speaker_heading: MAKO (0.S.)
dialog: Jesus. They need seven V-50's just
dialog: to get that thing off the ground...
scene_heading: EXT. THE GREEN -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako and Raleigh sit on a knoll overlooking Tokyo Bay.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Two category fives...
text: She passes him the binoculars, and spots a GUIDE leading a
text: group of TOURISTS down the footpath. She turns quickly away.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Tour group.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: They spotted us?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Not yet.
text: She glances over her shoulder as the group wanders by,
text: shedding a straggler Mako recognizes from Raleigh's drifts.
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: Raleigh...
text: He turns to see Flick, holding a nervous distance of several
text: paces. Newt lingers behind her. Raleigh's eyes ask the
text: obvious -- "Have you found it?" Flick nods.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Is this how you think it happens?
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT GALLERY -- LATER
text: His arms crossed, Pentecost leans on the rail by the windows
text: overlooking the control room, considering Raleigh's news.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
text: Some clod waltz's up to the front
dialog: desk and gets five minutes with the
dialog: Supreme Commander?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: He's a physicist from the Calixto
dialog: Particle Observatory...
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: We've got experts on the payroll.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Fine. If they've got a plan,
dialog: there's no reason to talk to him.
dialog: But if they're at wit's end, why
dialog: not bring some fresh wits into it?
text: Pentecost eyes Raleigh, recognizing a good point.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
dialog: It's not some clod. This is a
dialog: scientist telling us he's got it.
dialog: How often does that happen?
scene_heading: INT. BRIEFING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: In the seats, the ranking officers on-site: Mako, Raleigh,
text: Duc, Kaori, Pentecost, and Takada -- and COSDEC civilian
text: leaders: Secretary Lethbridge and Undersecretary Jiao.
text: Newt stands at the front, manipulating a projection of the
text: Interstice's internal structure.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: The throat of the Interstice. This
dialog: is a three-dimensional analogue of
text: a hyper-dimensional structure that
dialog: exists outside conventional
dialog: spacetime. I've done the math and --
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Doctor Gotlieb, you say you know
dialog: how to close the Interstice. Let's
dialog: start there...
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: The Interstice is gradually
dialog: stabilizing. That’s why it’s been
dialog: able to accommodate more kaiju. And
dialog: it’s how we can collapse it.
speaker_heading: LETHEBRIDGE
dialog: You just said it was stabilizing.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: I did. That’s its weakness.
dialog: (mo one gets it)
dialog: Think of it like this: you can’t
dialog: break water, but you can break ice.
text: He gestures to the projection -- the funnel-shaped internal
text: structure of Interstice whips and flows erratically.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s always had a chokepoint, the
dialog: shape was just too fluid to ever
dialog: isolate it, but --
text: He tweaks some dials and the motion slows down. It undulates
text: sluggishly, settling on a comfortable shape.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: -- as the structure “solidifies,”
text: the chokepoint slows down, comes
text: into sharper focus...
text: He points out the narrow bottleneck in the throat, suddenly
text: become plain as day. Takada leans forward.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: You're saying --
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: The Interstice is more vulnerable
dialog: now than it’s ever been.
text: He touches the chokepoint and the projection collapses.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 110.
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: I'm guessing that's something
dialog: bigger than a standard ordinance.
speaker_heading: NEWT
text: Much bigger. Probably nuclear.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: It was that easy? We just chuck an
dialog: a-bomb down the chute?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: It's not easy. See -- time in the
dialog: Anteverse is different from ours. A
dialog: year to us might be just an hour to
dialog: them. So there's no objective time
dialog: within the Interstice. Which rules
dialog: out any remote detonation. Our
dialog: timeframe wouldn't agree with the
dialog: bomb's timeframe. Whatever it is,
dialog: it has to be triggered on site --
text: by a live, subjective observer.
text: Commander Takada looks skeptical.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: If I'm going to have someone riding
dialog: a bomb into the Interstice, I'd
dialog: like to be certain it will work...
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Run my math by Sci-Division. I
dialog: promise it will hold up.
speaker_heading: LETHBRIDGE
dialog: It doesn't matter. There can't be a
dialog: bomb. We're past peak uranium...
speaker_heading: JIAO
dialog: He's right. The mines have all but
dialog: dried up. We have no single source
dialog: that could provide enough material.
text: Raleigh speaks up from the back.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Yes we do. The Mark-1's. That's
dialog: what we did with the last of the
dialog: uranium. We used it to power the
dialog: first Jaegers. Like Gipsy Danger...
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR -- MOMENTS LATER
text: At the end of the hall, Raleigh and Mako face one another,
text: holding hands. Raleigh speaks; Mako nods; we don't hear the
text: conversation. We're with Pentecost and Takada, watching.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: You can't order them to do this...
dialog: They've both lost so much. They
dialog: were broken when I got them --
text: broken and scattered into the wind.
dialog: I didn't even think it was
dialog: possible, but by god, they are
text: putting themselves back together.
dialog: You cannot make them to do this...
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: You think I want to? We have here a
dialog: chance to end this.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: We may be indulging an artificial
dialog: sense of urgency here. What if it
text: is just a random spike in attacks.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: It's not.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: We don’t know who this Kincaid
dialog: woman is. How do we know the
dialog: Anteverse she saw is real?
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: It is. I was the project C/O at
dialog: Midway when Czerny found a way to
dialog: see through it.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: I heard you tell the Secretariat
dialog: Czerny’s work was nonsense.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: It’s not. I saw it, Stacker. I saw
dialog: it myself. And I shut him down.
dialog: Because I knew the things he could
dialog: show us would break our will...
dialog: They are coming for us.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: It didn't break you, sir.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: I'm a fighter, Stacker. I don’t
dialog: know how to be anything else.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 112.
text: Down the hall, Raleigh and Mako cling together as they exit.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: You can't order them to do this...
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: I won't order them... But as the
dialog: only active Mark-1 crew, they know
dialog: they're first on the list. And I
dialog: won't stop them if they accept.
scene_heading: INT. SHATTERDOME -- NIGHT
text: Quiet, empty. The two Jaegers standing in the moonlight.
text: On top of Gipsy Danger, we find Raleigh and Mako lying side
text: by side, looking up at the crescent moon and universe of
text: stars beyond the dome's open roof.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: I've never been someone to think
dialog: about the future. Not since Osaka.
dialog: It always seemed like I died there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There's so much we haven't seen. I
dialog: wanted you to show me the Big Sur.
text: The fog and the cliffs.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Ryuzu Falls in autumn...
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Oh, the leaves... They're so red.
dialog: can't even tell you.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I've seen it in your memory.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Just weeks ago I wouldn't have
dialog: cared to leave it all behind.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: It doesn't have to be us.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: It has to be someone who loves the
dialog: world enough to want to be in it. I
dialog: can't make someone else --
text: She turns to face Raleigh, tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: I think it does have to be us...
dialog: What do you think?
dialog: 
text: Raleigh dwells on it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I think when you create a universe,
dialog: you never imagine the people who
dialog: live there are gonna rise up and
dialog: slam the door on your ass.
text: He turns and smiles; she smiles back -- an accord.
text: TIME LAPSE: The night passes over the two Jaegers. The sky
text: brightens. Technicians and equipment dart about the floor.
text: The sun pours light into the now bustling launch bay.
text: Amidst the hustling Techs preparing the Jaeger, we meet Newt
text: on the floor standing in front of Gipsy Danger with
text: schematics in his hands. Tendo looks over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: You bypassed all the safeties? It
dialog: needs to go prompt critical.
speaker_heading: TENDO
dialog: Trust me. She's a bomb.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: (on the schematics)
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: TENDO
dialog: The crew wanted to cross their
dialog: eject switches...
speaker_heading: ; NEWT
dialog: His ejects hers; vice versa?
text: Tendo nods. A human detail, it brings it home for Newt.
speaker_heading: NEWT (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus...
scene_heading: INT. CHANGEROOM -- DAY
text: Mako pulls on her drivesuit and turns for Raleigh to zip her
text: up. He plants a kiss on the nape of her neck, before slowly
dialog: pulling the zipper up. No kaiju; no rush.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Do you think we'd have happened if
dialog: we'd met any other way?
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: I don't, actually.
text: Raleigh pulls the torso of his drivesuit up to thread his
text: arms through the sleeves. Mako zips him up.
speaker_heading: MAKO (CONT'D)
dialog: Not every miracle happens --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: -- A lot of 'em have to be built.
text: He turns. They face each other. For a long moment, neither
text: says anything -- just quiet, bittersweet smiles.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
dialog: You ready to save the world?
scene_heading: INT. SHATTERDOME -- DAY
text: Everyone on the floor watches as Raleigh and Mako cross
text: towards Gypsy Danger, helmets tucked under their arms.
text: They spot their sister crew, Duc and Kaori, watching from the
text: mezzanine level. They salute one another.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Raleigh!
text: He turns and sees her running across the floor. He nods at
text: Mako and she gives them some space. But now that Flick has
text: his attention, she doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: When you asked me if you hadn't
dialog: gotten with Yance --
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: You don't have to --
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I did all I could. It just wasn't
dialog: enough. I hated that it wasn't
dialog: enough. What I said at the bar --
text: She nods. She's had it all sorted out.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: Is this -- Are we saying goodbye?
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: The plan is to eject at the last
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: So you're coming back?
text: He can't look her in the eye. Finally, an uncertain frown.
speaker_heading: FLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: It doesn't have to be you...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: It has to be someone...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She hugs him, holding tight -- the goodbye she never got to
dialog: give his brother.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: You give em hell, Raleigh. You show
dialog: em what we're made of.
text: They let go and Raleigh walks the home stretch to join Mako
text: and Pentecost at the pods. Pentecost keeps his emotions
text: bottled in with last minute formalities.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: You'll have a live map on your HUD.
dialog: It'll take a moment for the core to
dialog: go critical so you'll be prompted
dialog: to trigger it just before the
dialog: chokepoint. That'll give you about
dialog: a second to eject...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Tendo crossed the pods?
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Just like you asked.
text: He grips their shoulders in either hand, and looks between
text: the two of them. There's really nothing to say.
text: They both nod. He pats them and steps back as they climb into
text: their conn-pods.
text: By now, everyone has stopped what they were doing. Across the
text: floor, all eyes fall on Mako and Raleigh.
text: As the loading arms raise the conn-pods, Mako and Raleigh
text: look down from their open canopies.
text: Everyone on the floor stands at silent attention. Pentecost
text: shouts, and they all salute at once.
text: Raleigh and Mako savor the poignant moment for as long as
text: they can bear. Then they buckle their helmets and shut the
dialog: canopies -- It's game time.
speaker_heading: TAKADA (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Yes, Gipsy Danger has been
dialog: deployed. We are not under attack.
dialog: We are the attackers. To clarify --
scene_heading: INT. PRESS ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Takada stands at the front. A glut of REPORTERS and
text: PHOTOGRAPHERS crowd the room, raising their hands and
text: shouting at once. The Commander silences them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: A Jaeger will be dropped into the
dialog: Interstice. Whereupon the crew will
text: detonate its power core and
dialog: collapse the anomaly.
text: Flashes POP as a flurry of cries rises up. Takada points.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: Is this a suicide mission?
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: It's risky. Let's leave it at that.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: Your tone suggests COSDEC is ready
dialog: to admit we're at war...
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: The conference plays on the main screen. Pentecost folds his
text: arms and nods. Flick and Newt watch from the back.
speaker_heading: TAKADA (FILTERED)
dialog: We were at war. It ends tonight.
scene_heading: INT. RESEARCH OFFICE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Newt's colleague, Doctor Toynbee watches on a tiny screen at
dialog: Calixto Particle Observatory.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 3 (FILTERED)
dialog: COSDEC believes the success of this
dialog: operation will end the attacks?
speaker_heading: TAKADA (FILTERED)
dialog: We all believe it.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIBUYA CROSSING -- CONTINUOUS
text: The conference plays on a big LED screen over the bustling
text: Tokyo intersection. PEDESTRIANS stop on the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: TAKADA (FILTERED)
dialog: I believe today, not Osaka all
dialog: those years ago -- today will be
dialog: the day you tell stories about.
scene_heading: INT. JAEGER-MEISTER'S BAR -- CONTINUOUS
text: All the ENLISTED PATRONS in the run-down bar watch. Pico the
text: bartender pauses in the middle of washing a glass.
speaker_heading: TAKADA (FILTERED)
dialog: Because you will see two bone-weary
text: understudies in a ragged old mech --
dialog: save the world.
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: INT. SHATTERDOME -- CONTINUOUS
text: All the Techs on the floor watch on the giant screen.
speaker_heading: TAKADA (FILTERED)
dialog: Spread the word. Today, we are
dialog: kicking the monsters out. Today...
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN -- DAY
text: The reddening sun sinks towards the sea. The V-50 Jumphawks
text: carry Gipsy Danger over the wide water.
speaker_heading: TAKADA (FILTERED)
dialog: We are canceling the apocalypse.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: On the main screen, we see footage from the V-50's trained on
text: the Jaeger at the end of their cables, and a map displaying
dialog: their position in relation to the Interstice.
text: Flick stands to the side, biting her nails. Newt joins her.
speaker_heading: NEWT
text: They crossed their eject triggers.
speaker_heading: FLICK
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: Either would save the other sooner
dialog: than leave them behind. They've got
text: like a second to hit the eject.
dialog: This way, they won't hesitate.
text: The SERGEANT-AT-ARMS announces the Commander's entrance. The
text: whole room rises in applause. Takada motions them to quiet.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: ETA?
speaker_heading: OFFICER 1
text: Two hours six minutes to drop zone.
text: A second Officer puts down a radio to get Takada's attention.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 2
dialog: Commander... It's Midway.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: An attack?
speaker_heading: OFFICER 2
dialog: Multiple hostiles...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Overlay.
text: A red blip pops up on the map; followed by another; and
text: another... A cloud of red dots forms around the Interstice --
text: literally dozens of kaiju spreading out from the epicenter.
speaker_heading: NEWT
dialog: We're scaring them.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Alert all Strike Groups! Mobilize
dialog: all Jaegers!
scene_heading: MONTAGE -- MOBILIZING THE JAEGERS
text: -- The dense towers and steep, foggy hills of Hong Kong. V-
text: 50s carry the city's two Jaegers in.
dialog: -- The Sydney Opera House and the Sydney Harbor Bridge rise
text: in the background. Dust stirs in the immediate foreground as
text: a squad of Jumphawks lower Sydney's Jaeger into view.
text: -- Night on the Golden Gate Bridge. Cars stop. ONLOOKERS run
text: to the rail, pointing. They cheer and applaud as the V-50s
text: fly San Francisco's Jaeger over the Bridge.
text: -- One of LA's Jaegers stands on Venice Beach, her lights
text: blazing over the night-cloaked sea. In the distance, her
text: sister Jaeger stands near the Santa Monica Pier. Both wait.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN -- DAY
text: The Jumphawks hoist Gipsy Danger through the crisp blue sky,
text: nothing but the wide sea beneath them.
speaker_heading: DISPATCH (FILTERED)
text: Thirty minutes to drop.
text: Suddenly, a huge WORMLIKE KAIJU breaches, rearing high to
text: SNAP his crocodilian jaws at Gipsy Danger.
text: The Jumphawks evade as gravity pulls the monster back down.
text: He SLAMS back into the water throwing up plumes of water.
text: Gipsy Danger sways on her cables as the Jumphawks clumsily
text: regain control of her weight.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: The ocean sways on Raleigh's HUD. He watches the huge shape
text: surge away, just under the water.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: Whoa! Mako, did you see that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DISPATCH (FILTERED)
dialog: You're passing a wave of heightened
dialog: KJ activity. Should be a clear shot
dialog: to the site from here.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako tries to keep her cool.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: They can handle it...
scene_heading: EXT. ODAIBA -- NIGHT
text: Tacit Ronin stands amidst the modern skyline of the newly
text: developed district. The inverted pyramids of Big Sight. The
text: Fuji TV building. Newer, even more idiosyncratic structures.
text: We can see the now-familiar buildings of the Shatterdome
text: complex in the middle distance, just across the water.
text: An angry thunderhead blackens the sky over the bay, lurking
text: closer every second. The Jaeger stands as pristine and still
text: as a building. The wind tosses litter past her feet.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: DISPATCH (FILTERED)
dialog: Meiji-1... We've got three category-
text: 5 KJ entering Tokyo Bay.
text: A long pause. Duc isn't sure he heard right.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Kaori looks equally stunned.
speaker_heading: DUC (FILTERED)
text: Meiji-1 to LOCCENT, say again.
speaker_heading: DISPATCH (FILTERED)
dialog: Three category-5 hostiles
dialog: inbound... Reporting names --
text: Scunner, Pharaoh, and Tengu...
text: Silence. Everyone is speechless.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: On the map, Gipsy Danger's blip has reached the Interstice.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 1
text: Gipsy Danger is at the drop site.
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN -- DAY
text: The Jumphawks release their cables, dropping the Jaeger.
text: Gipsy Danger falls.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: The free-fall lifts Mako against her harness.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERSEA -- CONTINUOUS
text: Gipsy Danger CRASHES through the surface. She drifts down.
text: The blue, sunlit water around her darkens as she sinks.
scene_heading: EXT. ODAIBA -- CONTINUOUS
text: Tacit Ronin waits. Lightning. THUNDER. The rain begins to
text: fall in wind-blown torrents.
text: They rise from the storm-darkened tide one by one, less than
text: a mile between, climbing ashore to surround the Jaeger.
text: Kaiju TENGU -- A horrific skein of dozens of viper heads on
text: long sinuous necks erupting from a body like a naked bat.
text: PHARAOH -- Something between a scarab and a bull, with
text: vicious mandibles and long horns like a rhino beetle.
text: SCUNNER -- Beige-hued skin lends it a disturbingly human
text: look; but grotesquely misshapen, joints bulging and twisted.
text: A skull-like face, jaws over-crowded with jagged teeth.
text: The raging wind throws the sea off their towering bodies in
text: fine, misty clouds.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Kaori's daunted eyes flit from one to the next.
speaker_heading: DUC (FILTERED)
dialog: Alright... We're all there is
text: between three cat-5's and a city of
dialog: twenty million people.
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: Let's put up a fight.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Takada eyes the kaiju on the screen, morbidly astonished.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Gipsy Danger?
speaker_heading: OFFICER 1
dialog: Six hundred meters...
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: EXT. THE INTERSTICE -- CONTINUOUS
text: A gap, not in the ocean floor, but in space, just above the
text: ocean floor. A yawning wound in reality, bleeding crimson and
text: electric violet light into the blackness of the deep.
text: In the shafts of otherworldly light and meandering arcs of
text: coronal plasma, we see Gipsy Danger drifting ever down
text: towards the opening, small as a moat of dust.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: The blazing rupture swells across the wraparound HUD, filling
text: the dim conn-pod with unearthly light. We hear it HOWLING
text: outside. Raleigh's face betrays a mounting dread.
scene_heading: EXT. ODAIBA -- DAY
text: Kaiju Pharaoh slams into Tacit Ronin, but the Jaeger manages
text: to hold her ground. Monsoonal sheets of rain slash the
text: combatants. Lightning CRACKS the sky.
text: Pharaoh bears down with slavering mandibles, Tacit Ronin
text: strains to hold him at bay.
text: Buildings collapse as their struggle careens through Odaiba,
text: as Tengu and Scunner slowly converge on the sloppy fray.
text: Finally, Tacit Ronin gets the advantage long enough to throw
text: Pharaoh back. The Jaeger deploys her continuous-wave laser.
text: She lights the beam and sweeps it to slice Pharaoh right
text: across the middle. A moment of stillness.
text: Pharaoh's torso slides off his legs along the neat, diagonal
text: cut. The halved kaiju THUNDERS to the ground, dead.
text: Behind the body, the tops of the high-rises slip loose,
text: revealing the same hairline vector that cleaved the kaiju --
text: the laser had cut through the beast to the skyline behind it.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: The kaiju's fall and collapsing buildings are close enough to
text: SHUDDER the floor. The room chatters with urgency.
text: Breathless, Flick stares at the main screen where a blip
text: falls through the digital map of the Interstice's throat.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THROAT -- CONTINUOUS
text: The Jaeger falls through the twisting vortex like a sky
text: diver. Curling eddies of plasma stream by. The unworldly HOWL
text: of the Interstice surrounds them.
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: On her HUD map, Mako spots a bogey rising to intercept.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Raleigh! Incoming!
scene_heading: EXT. THE THROAT -- CONTINUOUS
text: A solid shape "falling" in the opposite direction COLLIDES
text: with Gipsy Danger, a feral KAIJU.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Raleigh bares his teeth, jumping into his fight response.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THROAT -- CONTINUOUS
text: The mech and monster cling to one another, spinning
text: chaotically as they both fall. The Kaiju claws at the Jaeger.
text: Gipsy Danger slugs the beast repeatedly.
text: The mech grabs the beast's head and twists, SNAPPING its
text: neck. It falls away -- and two additional Kaiju hurtle up
text: from the depths to pile into the free-falling Jaeger.
scene_heading: EXT. ODAIBA -- DAY
text: Tacit Ronin throws a punch at kaiju Scunner.
text: Scunner catches the strike in his mighty claws and squeezes.
text: The Jaeger strains against him, but Scunner is too strong.
text: He CRUMPLES the mech's fist and RIPS it off the Jaeger's arm,
text: leaving a stump of frayed cables and twisted metal.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Duc screams in pain from the sensory feedback.
scene_heading: EXT. ODAIBA -- CONTINUOUS
text: The Jaeger quickly sprays gobs of riot foam at the kaiju's
text: hands. The foam bulges and quickly hardens, cementing the
text: kaiju's arm to the ground in a petrified cumulous cloud.
text: Scunner ROARS, yanking to free himself. Before Tacit Ronin
text: can engage the trapped monster, kaiju Tengu is upon her.
text: Tengu's multitude of heads whip and strike at staggered
text: intervals -- SNAP SNAP SNAP -- each hit sinking fangs into
text: the Jaeger's armor. An overwhelming blitz.
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Tengu's fanged heads dominate the IMAX-scale vista. Duc
text: watches the storm of HISSING jaws coming right at us on the
text: HUD in endless succession.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Flash freeze!
speaker_heading: KAORI (FILTERED)
dialog: And empty our coolant?
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: We can't defend against this!
scene_heading: EXT. ODAIBA -- CONTINUOUS
text: As Scunner pulls at the knot of rock cementing his arm to the
text: ground, Tacit Ronin turns her coolant hose on Tengu.
text: Tengu vanishes in a cloud of icy vapor as Tacit Ronin empties
text: her coolant reservoirs.
text: The vapor clears, leaving Tengu's frosted husk. Tacit Ronin
text: starts to turn back to Scunner.
text: The remaining kaiju pulls and the hardened foam starts to
text: crack. Finally, it BREAKS off from the ground.
text: With most of the tumor of rock still encasing his arm, he
text: swings it like a club and SMASHES it against Tacit Ronin's
text: torso, a devastating blow that shatters the hardened foam.
text: Tacit Ronin teeters and falls on her back.
text: Scunner climbs atop the fallen Jaeger and lifts his fists
text: high into the air.
text: Like a crazed chimp, he SLAMS his long arms down.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: The hit BUCKS the pod, knocking the wind out of Kaori and
text: kicking off a cacophony of ALARMS.
text: Looking up at the kaiju as he raises his arms for another
text: blow, Kaori fights to catch her breath.
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: Structural integrity compromised!
scene_heading: EXT. ODAIBA -- CONTINUOUS
text: Scunner plunges his arms straight down with a primal burst of
text: strength, SLAMMING his fists down into Tacit Ronin's abdomen.
dialog: 124.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-2 -- SAME
text: A split second -- the pod JOLTS hard, like a high speed car
text: crash, flinging Kaori against her harness; the HUD crashes to
text: static and plunges to black.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Duc feels Kaori's sudden absence from his mind.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Kaori? Kaori, come in!
text: Nothing. No ambient drifting voices. Just silence.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: The room THUNDERS with each of Scunner's strikes. The lights
text: flicker. Static skitters across the main screen. Plaster bits
text: fall from the ceiling. Chaos grips the room.
speaker_heading: PENTECOST
dialog: Did we lose Kaori -- ?
text: Flick remains tuned out to the chaos, focused on Gipsy
text: Danger's falling blip.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THROAT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Gipsy Danger falls deeper into the anomaly, wrestling her
text: Kaiju attackers all the way down.
text: Space seems to distort -- as if viewed through a hyper-
text: exaggerated fish-eye lens. The focal distance shifts. Even
text: the grain seems different.
dialog: We are falling through the transition between the conflicting
dialog: physics of two universes.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako winces as she struggles against the Kaijus.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: There's too many!
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (FILTERED)
dialog: Mako...
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: They're going to tear us apart!
scene_heading: INT. DOJO TRAINING HALL -- NIGHT (DRIFT)
text: Mako stands in the dark hall with her sparring stick. Wild-
text: eyed and dripping with sweat, she fights an endless host of
text: face-less, black-clad ENEMIES closing in on her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: We can't fight them!
text: A hand catches her stick. She whirls about to find Raleigh.
text: The Enemies are gone. It's just the two of them.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: We don't have to. We're close now.
text: MUSIC starts to spill from the turntable.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH (CONT'D)
dialog: All we have to do is fall.
text: A calmness settles over her as they start to dance.
scene_heading: EXT. ODAIBA -- DAY (PRESENT)
text: Scunner raises his fist high over the Tacit Ronin -- and
text: SLAMS them down again.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Trying in vain to raise Kaori, Duc starts to shut down.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Kaori... Please. Come in.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: The darkened conn-pod jolts with each blow, but inside we
text: find Kaori bloodied but still alive.
text: She desperately fumbling to get her Pons cable plugged back
text: into the port behind her ear. It must have come out.
text: The moment she does, the HUD comes back to life.
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: I'm here! I'm okay!
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-1 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Duc laughs with relief to hear her voice and thoughts. Tears
text: spill from his eyes. A calm strength falls over him.
speaker_heading: DUC
dialog: Let's finish this...
scene_heading: EXT. ODAIBA -- CONTINUOUS
text: Scunner raises his fists for another strike, but never makes
dialog: the down-stroke.
text: With her one good hand, Tacit Ronin grabs Scunner's throat.
text: She sinks the jagged metal stub into the kaiju's gut.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: And slowly she rises, gradually lifting the kaiju up --
text: raising the creature's body over her head.
text: The wind and rain lash her. A flash of lightning. A CRACK of
text: thunder. For a moment she holds the hulk of flesh.
text: We hear her frame GROANING under the beast's weight, but
text: before it can give way, she throws the monster.
text: He smashes through Tengu's frozen body and hits a building.
text: Tacit Ronin's pulse cannon rises from her back to its
text: shoulder-mounted firing position.
text: Scunner pulls himself up from the rubble.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD MEIJI-2 -- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: DUC (FILTERED)
dialog: Do you have the shot?
text: The targeting pipper locks onto Scunner's head.
speaker_heading: KAORI
dialog: I do...
speaker_heading: DUC (FILTERED)
dialog: Take it.
scene_heading: EXT. ODAIBA -- CONTINUOUS
text: Scunner opens his jaws to roar --
text: The cannon FIRES a pulse of charged plasma clean through his
text: skull, cutting him off.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: On the main screen, the Tacit Ronin feed shows Scunner fall
text: in a flourish of dust. The room SHAKES. The lights flicker.
text: All eyes turn silently to the blip falling through the
text: Interstice, anxious to see if the last monster has fallen.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THROAT -- CONTINUOUS
text: The Jaeger falls, beset by monsters, chewing through her
text: limbs, prying off her armor.
text: She sheds battered parts and shreds of armor as she falls.
text: Ripped cables whip and SPARK. She's being torn apart.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Hellish NOISE fills the cockpit. The baleful WAILING of the
text: Interstice itself. The ROARS of the monsters outside. The
text: TWISTING of metal. The various ALARMS.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Mako's eye stares, calm and unblinking, at the Interstice map
text: on her HUD. She sees it, but her mind is elsewhere...
scene_heading: INT. DOJO TRAINING HALL -- NIGHT (DRIFT)
text: Empty, quiet, and peaceful. Raleigh and Mako dance on the
text: hardwood floor. They hold one another, their eyes locked.
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: I love you... You can feel it,
dialog: can't you?
scene_heading: INT. OSAKA PENTHOUSE -- NIGHT (DRIFT)
text: The shattered windows come back together as the shock wave
text: lifts Young Mako off the floor, and the roar retreats, going
text: back into Trespasser's jaws.
scene_heading: INT. DOJO TRAINING HALL -- NIGHT (DRIFT)
text: Still dancing, she gives him a warm smile and he knows she
text: feels it too. The hall seems to spin around them.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA PIER -- DUSK (DRIFT)
text: Kaiju Tortuga pulls back from Coyote Tango. His charge
text: rewinds back through the surf in slow motion.
scene_heading: EXT. DOJO TRAINING HALL -- NIGHT (DRIFT)
text: They dance with smiles of peace, gratitude, and resolve.
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: Whatever happens. This was our
dialog: choice...
speaker_heading: RALEIGH
dialog: The right choice...
speaker_heading: MAKO
dialog: For the world... It's time.
text: They pull one another close and kiss.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-1 -- CONTINUOUS (PRESENT)
text: The prompt RINGS. A holographic dial hangs in the air in
text: front of the HUD.
text: Half of his consciousness still in that final kiss, Raleigh
text: reaches out to twist the dial and activate the self-destruct.
scene_heading: INT. CONN-POD ROMA-2 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mako does the same -- twisting the holographic dial and
text: quickly reaching out to touch the flashing EJECT hologram.
dialog: 128.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THROAT -- CONTINUOUS
text: We see armor explode away for the emergency eject. We see the
text: pods jettison --
text: -- but a blinding flash of light overwhelms us before we can
dialog: see if they've made it.
text: An EXPLOSION so deep and thunderous, we almost can't hear it.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN -- DAY
text: Battleships wait on the surface. A FLASH briefly lights the
text: depths, like underwater lighting.
text: A moment later, the ocean surface bulges, a huge hill of
text: displaced water, and drops, sending out over-sized ripples.
text: The ships roll on the sloping waves.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- DAY
text: Takada, Pentecost, and all the control Officers watch the
text: Interstice map on the main screen.
text: Still rattled by the seismic shaking of the attack, hiccups
text: of static briefly stutter the graphics on the screen. The
text: fleeting POPS and HISSES are the only sound in the room.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 1
dialog: Direct hit! The Interstice has
dialog: collapsed! The Interstice has
dialog: collapsed!
text: Everyone is on their feet -- applauding, laughing, weeping,
text: embracing -- before he finishes the sentence. Everyone except
text: for Flick. Newt holds her as she waits with baited breath.
speaker_heading: TAKADA
dialog: Do we have the pods?
text: Everyone quiets down as the Officer listens.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 1
dialog: Nothing yet... Standing by...
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLESHIP -- CONTINUOUS
text: CREWMEN gather at the edge of the deck, searching. Rescue
text: helicopters draw wide circles in the sky overhead.
scene_heading: INT. LOCCENT -- CONTINUOUS
text: A short time has passed -- enough for the hope to begin to
text: deflate. Personnel begin to take their seats. Some hang their
text: heads. Pentecost furrows his brow and sighs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Flick keeps her lips tight, but we see her chest and throat
text: quiver with bottled-up sobs. Her tears fall as Newt puts a
text: reassuring hand on her shoulder.
text: Suddenly, the Officer stands up.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 1
dialog: Sir, I've got something... It's one
dialog: of the pods!
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN -- CONTINUOUS
text: Near the ships, a conn-pod breaches in a fit of salt spray.
text: It rolls and finally settles. The canopy opens. Thick steam
text: bleeds from the open pod. We can't see who it is.
text: As the vapor quickly dissipate, we find Raleigh inside. He
text: quickly unhooks himself and climbs out onto the pod.
text: He shades his eyes and scans the horizon. He spots the rescue
text: ships and keeps searching.
text: He sees no sign of the second conn-pod.
text: We slowly pull back across the water, back from the drifting
text: pod and the ships behind it. It seems final.
text: Suddenly, in the foreground, the second conn-pod heaves up
text: through the surface and settles to bob on the water.
text: Raleigh plunges into the water and swims for the second pod.
text: He climbs on as the canopy opens, spilling plumes of steam
text: into the clear ocean air. He tries to claw the steam away.
text: Finally, he sees Mako tucked down in her cockpit, unbuckling
text: her harness and yanking the cables from her drivesuit.
text: She looks up and sees him. They laugh giddily, wiping tears
text: from their eyes. She reaches up and lets him pull her out.
text: They linger atop the floating pod, holding tight to one
text: another, not daring to let go.
text: We pull back, letting the blue ocean unfurl under us. The
text: ships slowly approach the embracing pair. They never let go.
dialog: 
