speaker_heading: PAIN AND GLORY
dialog: Original script by
dialog: Pedro Almodovar
scene_heading: © Pedro Almodovar, M-007585/2017
scene_heading: 1. PARK. EXT. DAY.
text: Salvador and Mercedes, standing in front of a hole in
dialog: the ground, it isn’t very deep (about 2 _ feet)
dialog: Everything seems to show that it was Mercedes who dug
dialog: it, or someone who was paid and left as soon as he was
text: finished. Manolo the cat, Salvador’s pet, is lying at
text: the bottom, in a wicker basket. Salvador pushes the
text: earth with his foot and it falls on the basket.
dialog: Cut.
text: In the same park. Mercedes is about 50, she has spent
text: half her life at Salvador’s side, as his assistant in
text: everything. Even though he no longer works, they keep
dialog: in touch.
dialog: Mercedes is the closest thing to a family that Salvador
dialog: has. Efficient, warm, loyal, special, intelligent and
dialog: not at all intrusive. There are no secrets between them
dialog: or, if there are, they are minimal and the result of
dialog: respect.
text: Mercedes and Salvador walk sadly through the park in
text: which the cat’s remains now rest.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Do you want me to bring you a cat
dialog: from Cedillo? Or two, so they’re
dialog: company for each other.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: No, I can’t bend down to stroke
dialog: them or to put out their food.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: If they want to be stroked,
text: they’1l get up on the furniture.
dialog: And Maya can put out their food,
dialog: like she did with Manolo.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: No, no. Manolo was the last one.
text: He says it as if talking about a last love.
text: They sit on a bench. Mercedes takes a pile of papers
text: from her purse. Salvador sits on the edge of the bench,
text: his torso upright.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I know that it’s almost always no
dialog: to everything, but they’re doing a
dialog: retrospective of you in Finland
dialog: and they’ve invited you to attend.
dialog: (Salvador shakes his head.) And
dialog: there are exhibitions by Antonio
text: Lopez, De Chirico and Gordillo.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Mercedes, you have to tell them
dialog: that you don’t look after my
dialog: correspondence anymore.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: But someone has to reply about the
dialog: retrospectives, the tributes, the
dialog: exhibitions. Your films are still
dialog: alive in the world, Salvador. (And
dialog: let me remind you that so are
dialog: you.)
scene_heading: 2. HOTEL MIGUEL ANGEL. SWIMMING POOL. INT. DAY.
dialog: (The film could start here)
text: The heated pool is empty. We discover Salvador totally
text: submerged in the water and completely motionless, his
text: knees slightly bent and his arms outstretched, as if
text: supported by invisible armrests. (Underwater shot.)
text: Weightlessness keeps him in this posture. He just has
dialog: to control his breathing. It’s the most similar
dialog: sensation to being bodiless.
text: His head slowly emerges, only as far as his neck, the
text: rest of his body remains motionless in the same
text: posture. He keeps his eyes closed, he breathes
dialog: steadily.
text: His head submerges again. In this position his body
dialog: doesn’t suffer any muscular’ tension. Neck, back
text: shoulders, knees, the lumbar region, all stiffness
text: disappears. As he doesn’t feel his body, his mind,
text: volatile, is like an open window through which the
text: light and the evening breeze enter. Undoubtedly, the
dialog: most pleasant sensation of the day.
scene_heading: 3. RIVER. EXT. DAY (EARLY 60S)
dialog: The water in the pool transports us to the current ina
text: river, in the early 60s. Salvador is a child of three
text: or four who accompanies his mother to wash clothes in
text: the river of his home village. A very bucolic scene.
text: Salvador sits astride his mother’s lumbar region (as if
text: she were a mule) while Jacinta carries on washing
text: clothes on the wooden washboard. She is accompanied by
text: Rosita, Marisol and Paqui, all with their respective
dialog: washboards in the water. It’s hard work which the women
text: do cheerfully. When the sequence starts, they are
text: laughing and little Salvador is overjoyed.
speaker_heading: ROSITA
dialog: I’d like to be a man so I could
text: swim naked in the river.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: What an idea, Rosita!
text: Little Salvador rides happily on his mother’s back.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: (To Rosita) Before you jump in,
dialog: lift him off me, he’s breaking my
dialog: back.
text: Rosita gets up, takes hold of the child and lifts him
text: off his mother. She puts him at her side, on the river
text: bank. She gives him a stick so he can play with the
text: water. It looks as if the child is fishing, but he
dialog: likes listening to the women.
scene_heading: 4. RIVER. EXT. DAY. (CONT’D)
text: When she’s on her feet, Rosita asks Marisol to help her
text: hang out the sheets.
speaker_heading: ROSITA
dialog: Help me hang out the sheets, Mari.
speaker_heading: MARISOL
dialog: Sing something for us, Rosita.
text: Each takes a handle of the basin with Rosita’s clean
text: clothes and they walk over to some clumps of reeds and
text: pennyroyal. Rosita starts to sing A tu vera.
speaker_heading: ROSITA
dialog: A tu vera, a tu vera,
dialog: siempre a la verita tuya,
dialog: siempre a la verita tuya
dialog: aunque yo de pena muera.
text: Salvador plays with the stick in the water. Jacinta and
text: Paqui sing the song while they scrub the clothes on the
text: wooden washboards.
text: Salvador looks at his mother in profile, with her skin
text: gleaming with sweat, a straw hat and a headscarf to tie
text: back her hair and protect her from the sun. Jacinta
text: smiles back at the child as she sings.
text: The soap, made at home from fat left over from cooking,
dialog: doesn’t produce foam but it leaves (non-contaminating)
text: lumps on the surface of the water. For the little fish,
text: the lumps are delicious and they come up to the surface
text: in little shoals. The child studies that natural
text: fishbowl, fascinated, and chases after them with his
dialog: stick.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Look, the little soap fish are
dialog: here.
dialog: Don’t you move, Salvita.
dialog: Paqui, will you help me with the
dialog: basin?
text: The two women take the basin full of clean clothes and
text: go over to where Rosita and Marisol are singing. They
dialog: all sing.
text: The child watches them from the river bank. It’s an
dialog: image full of life and cheerfulness. This is one of the
dialog: few memories that Salvador will have of his mother
text: cheerful and singing.
text: At the age of three, Salvador doesn’t realize that this
text: will be one of the happiest moments in his life.
dialog: Everything is perfect, the water in the river, the fish
text: in his hands, the snow-white sheets spread over reeds
text: and pennyroyal, his mother smiling, and the women
dialog: singing A tu vera.
scene_heading: 5. HOTEL MIGUEL ANGEL. SWIMMING POOL. INT. DAY. (THE
speaker_heading: PRESENT)
text: An underwater shot travels over Salvador’s body from
text: the waist up. A large scar divides his back from the
text: sacrum to the dorsal region. When the camera is
text: arriving at his shoulders, the present day Salvador’s
text: head emerges to reality. He remains in the hotel pool
text: for a few moments.
scene_heading: 6. HOTEL MIGUEL ANGEL. CAFETERIA. DAY.
text: Salvador crosses the spacious cafeteria of the Hotel
text: Miguel Angel with a medium-sized sports bag. He walks
text: in a peculiar way, with his torso rigid and his
text: shoulders slightly slanted forward, but not so much as
text: to attract attention. Sitting at a table is Zulema
text: Goldstein, having a coffee and checking her iPhone. She
text: looks up, pensive, and sees Salvador in the distance.
text: She hesitates at first, but when he is about to pass
text: her table she calls to him, delighted.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: Salva!
text: Salvador is walking along, distracted. He looks at her.
text: Although he is near the woman, he has trouble
text: recognizing her.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: I’m Zulema!
text: Salvador goes up to her and gives her a kiss.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Zulema!
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: What a surprise! This is
dialog: wonderful! Have you time for a
dialog: coffee or are you in a hurry?
text: Salvador, with an effort, sits on the edge of the
text: armchair.
text: Zulema is more or less Salvador’s age (60), but she
text: looks younger. Attractive, she takes very good care of
text: herself. They almost failed to recognize each other,
dialog: but both conceal that. She speaks with a = soft
dialog: Argentinean accent.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 7. HOTEL MIGUEL ANGEL. BAR. INT. DAY
text: Salvador has his cup of coffee on the little table.
text: Zulema drinks white wine. Their delight at meeting like
dialog: this is authentic.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: If you don’t write or film, what
dialog: are you going to do?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Ironic-bitter) Live, I guess.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: I can’t live without acting. And
dialog: it’s getting harder all the time,
dialog: but I do almost anything.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Do you see Alberto? I think he was
dialog: in Argentina.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: No. He was in Mexico. He worked on
dialog: several soaps but then he came
dialog: back here. I met him at a Latino
dialog: Film Festival on the Mayan
dialog: Riviera. And he was charming, high
dialog: of course, but it was lovely to
dialog: meet up with him again. Have you
dialog: seen him?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: No, I haven’t seen him since the
dialog: premiere of Sabor.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: (Surprised by the question and by
dialog: the passing of time) But that was
dialog: 30 years ago!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Thirty two. You know, I saw the
dialog: film again last week.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: Hadn’t you seen it again?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Not since it opened, and I
dialog: shouldn’t say this, but it moved
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: I’ve always loved it!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: The Cinematheque has restored the
dialog: negative and they’re going to have
dialog: several screenings. They’ve asked
dialog: me to present it and I thought it
dialog: would be a nice idea to do it with
dialog: Alberto.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: I’m delighted you don’t bear him a
dialog: grudge.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: The bastard never did the
dialog: character that I’d written. At the
dialog: time I wanted to kill him, but I
dialog: really don’t bear him a grudge.
text: Zulema nods, she’s very familiar with the story. She
dialog: witnessed it, she was living in Madrid at that time.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Seeing the film now... his
dialog: performance is better than thirty
dialog: years ago.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: It’s your eyes that have changed,
dialog: darling. The film is the same.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Do you know how to contact him?
text: Zulema looks on her cell phone.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: He told me he was living in El
text: Escorial, in someone’s house. He
dialog: only works occasionally, but he
dialog: looks well, without giving up you-
dialog: know-what.
text: Zulema drinks from her glass of white wine.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: I’m surprised that you’re the one
dialog: who isn’t working. I always
dialog: thought you were the kind who
dialog: never retired.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: So did I.
text: Zulema looks on her phone, searching for Alberto’s
text: number, and she writes it on one of the hotel’s
text: coasters. She hands it to him.
speaker_heading: ZULEMA
dialog: Here, I’ve put my number too, in
dialog: case you get bored one day and
dialog: write something that only I can
dialog: do.
text: There’s a piano in the hotel lobby. The pianist has
text: just sat down. He starts to play a melody.
scene_heading: 8. SCHOOL. LARGE MULTI-USE GYM. INT. DAY. (1966)
text: We continue to hear the same melody, this time played
text: by a priest in the school’s large gym. The floor has
dialog: various geometrical marks (made with different colored
text: strips of adhesive tape stuck to the parquet floor) for
text: practicing different sports. One of the side walls is
text: covered with gym bars.
text: The priest and the piano are at the far end.
text: The door opens and a group of young boys in short pants
text: come in. Pupils. They are accompanied by a big-bottomed
text: priest who signals to them to form up in two lines next
text: to the piano. Once the lines are formed, the big-
text: bottomed priest disappears.
text: The first priest, at the piano, finishes the song he’s
text: playing. He shows off happily in front of the boys, but
text: the boys don’t feel comfortable.
text: He turns to them, trying to be jovial. The boys look at
text: him, fearful and rigid.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Good morning, boys. The first
dialog: thing we’re going to do is choose
dialog: who will be in the choir.
text: The boys look at each other, not knowing how to take
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Has anyone sung in a choir before?
dialog: If so, raise your hand.
text: No one reacts.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Well, we’ll try you out.
text: He points to the first boy in the line. He has to
text: insist to get him to come up to the piano. The boy
text: looks at him nervously, his arms hanging at his sides.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: What’s your name?
speaker_heading: RODOLFO
dialog: Rodolfo.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (Friendly) Well, Rodolfo, let’s
dialog: see how you vocalize.
text: He plays an arpeggio on the piano and repeats it with
dialog: the letter U.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Cu cu cu... Repeat it with me.
text: The boy tries it, he’s horribly off key.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 9. SCHOOL. LARGE GYM. INT. DAY (1966)
text: The priest continues the audition with another boy.
text: Evaristo. He plays a piece of a melody on the piano
text: (intervals with Ta ra ra). He makes him repeat it with
dialog: increasingly higher notes. This way he can check if he
text: has a good ear and also his tessitura. The result is
text: even worse than the previous one, the boys sing off key
text: with impunity, they are unaware of it.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 10. SCHOOL. LARGE GYM. INT. DAY (1966)
text: Salvador has taken Evaristo’s place next to the piano.
text: He doesn’t seem nervous.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: What’s your name?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: Salvador.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: A lovely name. Do you like
dialog: singing?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Well, at last, someone who likes
dialog: singing.
text: The priest tests his vocalization, ear and tessitura.
dialog: Salvador sings everything without the slightest
text: difficulty. The priest is delighted.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: That’s how I became the soloist in
dialog: the choir.
scene_heading: 11. SCHOOL. THEATER STAGE. INT. DAY. (1966)
text: The boys who make up the choir, with Salvador in the
dialog: center, form a group of some fifteen or twenty
text: children. They rehearse on the stage of the school’s
text: theater. They are accompanied on the stage by the
text: priest who chose them. He seems happy. He enjoys being
text: on the stage.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: We’ll warm up those voices, boys.
text: The priest makes extreme sounds, a selection of deep,
text: screeching, high pitched or piercing sounds, notes
text: which fall into the abyss or fly upwards, and which the
text: boys repeat like an echo (the sounds that the priest
text: proposes to them). The priest orchestrates the long
text: notes with his arms in a kind of very rich, sonorous
text: polyphony. During this abstract melody we hear Salvador
text: off screen.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: The priests decided that I
dialog: wouldn’t attend geography or
dialog: history classes, or science or
dialog: history of art. For the first
dialog: three years of high school, I
dialog: spent those periods rehearsing.
dialog: And I always passed. They made me
dialog: a total ignoramus who passed every
dialog: subject without taking the exams.
scene_heading: 12. GEOGRAPHY .
text: The screen is filled with the word GEOGRAPHY, as the
text: title of the following chapter. A musical theme
text: dialogues with Salvador’s off-screen text without
text: interfering with what he says. The same theme will link
text: with ANATOMY.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: With time, I became a film
dialog: director and I started to learn
dialog: Spanish geography while traveling
dialog: to promote the films I directed.
text: Both Geography and Anatomy function as two clips, whose
text: lyrics are Salvador’s monologues. The images are
text: animated and must be illustrative and didactic, in
text: their own way. They are seen as independent pieces of
text: animated drawings, designed by Juan Gatti.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: I traveled because I was
dialog: successful. My knowledge of
dialog: geography coincided with my growth
dialog: as a filmmaker.
scene_heading: 13. ANATOMY
text: The caption ANATOMY fills the screen.
dialog: (In this case Gatti’s animated drawings show the organs
text: that he mentions, the ailments he alludes to, including
dialog: those of an abstract nature, like panic or depression.)
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: I started to get to know my body
dialog: through pain and illness. I lived
dialog: the first thirty years with
dialog: relative abandon, but I soon
dialog: discovered that my head and what
dialog: was inside it, as well as being a
dialog: source of pleasure and knowledge,
dialog: also carried within it endless
dialog: possibilities for pain.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: I soon became acquainted with
dialog: insomnia, chronic pharyngitis,
dialog: otitis, reflux, ulcer and
dialog: intrinsic asthma. Nerves in
dialog: general and the sciatic in
dialog: particular. And all kinds of
dialog: muscular pains, lumbar, dorsal and
text: tendinitis, in both knees and
dialog: shoulders.
text: We hear a noise, like a cicada, synthetic-sounding, a
text: continuous, jarring, very unpleasant note.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: This is tinnitus. I have that
dialog: too.
dialog: We hear the so-called bronchial and pulmonary
text: “whistles”, very fine, smooth sounds, like a ghostly
text: psychophony, voices of children lost in the darkness
dialog: asking for help.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: These are wheezes and whistles. I
dialog: also suffer from them. In addition
dialog: to the tinnitus and wheezes, my
dialog: specialty is headaches, migraines,
dialog: tension headaches or cluster
dialog: headaches, and back pains. After
dialog: the spinal fusion operation (which
dialog: immobilized more than half my
dialog: back), I discovered that my life
dialog: would revolve around my _ spinal
dialog: column. I became aware of each one
dialog: of my vertebrae and the number of
dialog: muscles and ligaments that make up
dialog: the mythology of our organism and
dialog: that, as with the Greek gods, our
dialog: only way of relating is through
dialog: sacrifice. But not everything is
dialog: so physical and illustratable. I
dialog: also suffer from abstract
dialog: hardships, pains in the soul, such
dialog: as panic and anxiety, which add
dialog: anguish and terror to my life. And
dialog: naturally I’ve dealt for years
dialog: with depression.
scene_heading: 14. ROAD TO EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STREET. TAXI.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. DAY.
text: Salvador is inside a taxi. The voiceover continues over
text: his face.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: On the nights when various pains
dialog: coincide... those nights I believe
dialog: in God and I pray to him. The days
dialog: when I only suffer one kind of
dialog: pain, I’m an atheist.
text: When the voiceover ends the taxi arrives.
scene_heading: 15. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STREET. EXT. DAY. (THE
speaker_heading: PRESENT)
text: He gets out of the taxi with difficulty. Once outside,
text: he takes a deep breath of the cold air bathed by a
text: transparent sun. Coming from Madrid, he appreciates it.
text: He’s holding the coaster where Zulema wrote down
text: Alberto’s address and phone number. He puts it back in
text: his pocket.
text: Salvador checks the street number and buzzes the entry
dialog: phone.
text: A voice asks who it is.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Alberto? It’s Salvador.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO OFF
dialog: Salvador who?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Salvador Mallo.
text: Alberto comes down and opens the gate which leads to a
text: kind of garden and lawn. A modest, pleasant place.
scene_heading: 16. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. LANDING. INT. DAY.
text: Alberto wears comfortable clothes, for lounging around
text: the house. His hair is uncombed, his expression isn’t
dialog: very welcoming. Without inviting him in:
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: (Puzzled) What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I have to talk to you.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: About Sabor. Will you ask me in?
scene_heading: 17. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. INT. DAY.
text: There is a patio with a lawn and some plants. Not much
text: furniture. It’s a little detached house that must have
dialog: known better times. The living area is minimal. You
text: enter through the kitchen which leads to a living room
text: which, in turn, leads to a neutral exterior space. The
dialog: important thing is that this second exterior patio
text: leads to a grove of fir trees that brighten up the view
text: from the windows. In this second exterior area there is
text: only one old lounger, or two, next to a table, also
text: made of wood.
text: The interior is simple. Living room, kitchen and
text: bedroom. A metal bookcase for books and DVDs, not very
dialog: big. Fotogramas Award for Acting. A desk. Few things.
dialog: Pleasant.
text: Three posters decorate the wall. SABOR, in the kitchen,
text: HAMLET, by Shakespeare, and CAT ON A HOT TIN ROOF, by
text: Tennessee Williams, on different walls of the living
text: room. All featuring Alberto Crespo.
text: Salvador gestures when they come into the kitchen and
text: he sees Sabor’s poster. It’s a pleasant, opportune
text: surprise that Alberto has it there.
text: Alberto looks at him, serious, almost hostile and
text: expectant.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Can I get you anything?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Whatever you’re having.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I was making some tea.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: That’s fine.
text: He goes over to the poster and lays his hand on it, as
text: if caressing it.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I love that you’ve got Sabor here.
text: Without looking at him, as he makes the tea, stony:
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Why have you come?
text: With his right hand still on the poster:
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: It’s taken me 32 years to
dialog: reconcile myself with this film.
text: He goes into the sitting room and looks out the windows
text: at the landscape.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Will you just tell me why you’ve
dialog: come to see me after 32 years?
text: He gives him a cup of tea, he has another in his hand.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Charming) The Cinematheque has
dialog: restored Sabor. They’ve decided
dialog: it’s a classic and they’ve
dialog: programmed it in a season of films
dialog: shot in Madrid. They called me to
dialog: ask if we’d present it together.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Don’t they know we haven’t spoken
dialog: since the shoot?
text: They go over to a couch and a table. Near an ash tray
text: there is a metal cannula for sniffing any kind of
text: substance. Salvador looks at the object, but doesn’t
dialog: remark on it.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: If they do, they didn’t say
dialog: anything to me. Gossip grows old,
dialog: like people. Do you mind if we sit
dialog: down?
text: They sit, one at each end of the couch.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: And why do you want us to present
dialog: it together now?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Because you didn’t present it at
dialog: the premiere.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Because you forbade me!
text: Salvador speaks with a certain ironic insolence, a
dialog: little on the defensive.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: That’s why I think it’s only fair
dialog: that we do it together now.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 18. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. EXT. DAY.
text: An hour later. The change in the light indicates the
dialog: passing of time.
text: Salvador and Alberto are in the little garden without
text: any flowers that gives onto a cluster of fir trees.
text: Both are lying on loungers.
text: They are both drinking something, tea, beer or Coca-
dialog: cola.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Who gave you my address?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Zulema. I met her by chance and we
dialog: talked about you.
text: Alberto gets ready to chase the dragon. He takes all
text: the elements from his pocket.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Listen, I’m going to chase the
dialog: dragon. If the sight disgusts you,
dialog: you can leave. We’ll talk on the
dialog: phone about the Cinematheque.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Will you invite me?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I don’t recognize you, Salvador.
text: Alberto distributes the dark powder over a piece of
text: aluminum foil. He is about to light it from underneath.
text: Before helping him with the lighter flame, he
dialog: rectifies:
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Is it your first time?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: And why do you want to try heroin
dialog: at this stage?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Curiosity.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I bet you’re doing research for
dialog: something.
text: Alberto inhales the smoke coming from the aluminum
dialog: foil.
text: Salvador does likewise and falls into a daze.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 19. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. EXT. DAY.
text: Close-up of Salvador in Alberto’s house, very drowsy
text: from the effect of the heroin he has just smoked.
text: Alberto checks on him and makes sure he’s breathing
text: properly. He leaves him lying on the lounger.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Are you all right?
text: Salvador nods.
text: Over the close-up of Salvador we hear his mother’s
text: voice calling him.
speaker_heading: JACINTA OFF
dialog: Salvador!
text: We start to hear the sound of fireworks in the
dialog: distance.
scene_heading: 20. TRAIN STATION. HALL. INT. NIGHT. (IN THE 60S)
text: Salvador-child digs around with one hand inside a
text: wastepaper basket on the station facade. He finds a
dialog: well-thumbed novel, Bonjour, tristesse by Francoise
dialog: Sagan.
text: Jacinta (40, pretty, rural style, curt, her faded dress
text: doesn’t manage to hide her attractiveness) spreads a
text: blanket on the floor, surrounded by bundles wrapped in
text: paper or pieces of cloth. There are also two suitcases
text: of different sizes and a wicker basket.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: Salva, come and help me!
text: The mother has a blanket in her hand and is about to
text: make up a bed on the floor with it, next to a wooden
text: bench. Salvador comes in, euphoric. Nearby is a ticket
text: booth and a poster for Renfe.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Mom, I found a novel!
text: They hear the loud noise of fireworks coming from the
text: nearby village. While they spread the blanket on the
dialog: floor:
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: (Complaining) How was I to know
dialog: that it was a holiday here? It
dialog: isn’t a holiday in our village!
scene_heading: 21. TRAIN STATION. WAITING ROOM. NIGHT.
text: They are sitting on a wooden bench, covered by another
text: blanket. The mother opens a wicker basket that contains
text: their food. Salvador puts down his novel and picks up
text: an album of trading cards of Hollywood stars. The
text: mother takes out a bar of chocolate.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Let me open the chocolate.
text: The mother gives him the chocolate. Salvador takes out
text: two cards from inside the wrapper.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: There are two cards!
text: The mother breaks of a quarter of the thick bar of
text: chocolate and puts it between two pieces of bread. She
text: gives it to the boy.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Leave the cards for now and eat.
text: Salvador reads the names on the colored cards.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Liz Taylor and Robert Taylor. (He
text: starts to bite the bread and
dialog: chocolate.) Are they brother and
dialog: sister?
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: I guess so.
text: The mother has cut a slice of chorizo and bread with a
text: sharpened knife.
text: She looks around, forlorn.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: What a disgrace, dumped here like
dialog: gypsies!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I like the station.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: You’re a dreamer! I don’t know who
dialog: you take after!
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 22. TRAIN STATION. WAITING ROOM. INT. NIGHT. (CONT’D)
text: Salvador is lying on the bench and his mother is on the
text: blanket on the floor. Both lay their heads on bundles
text: which act as pillows. While Jacinta tucks him in, she
text: discovers that the child has an enormous hole in one of
dialog: his socks.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: What a huge hole!
text: She pulls off his sock.
text: The mother, sitting under the blanket, opens an old
text: quince jelly tin or a cookie tin turned into a sewing
text: box. All imaginable objects live side by side in there.
dialog: To Salvador’s eyes, that box is a treasure. Jacinta
text: takes out a wooden egg. She puts it inside the sock and
text: starts darning it.
text: Salvador-child is fascinated by that object, the wooden
text: egg, and by how his mother is concentrating on her
text: darning. From her expression she’s thinking of
dialog: something else, the future.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Mom, do you think that Liz Taylor
dialog: sews Robert Taylor’s socks?
speaker_heading: JACINA
dialog: I don’t know. In the card she
text: doesn’t look like she’s very
text: interested in darning.
scene_heading: 23. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. PATIO. EXT. DAY.
speaker_heading: (THE PRESENT)
text: Salvador opens his eyes, he hears the murmur of the
text: breeze in the trees. Alberto touches his cheek and
text: wakes him.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Are you all right?
text: Salvador half opens his eyes and murmurs affirmatively.
text: He closes his eyes again. His pleasant expression shows
text: that he is still evoking the memory of the journey to
dialog: Paterna.
scene_heading: 24. PATERNA. SURROUNDING AREA/CAVES. EXT. DAY
dialog: Paterna is a town in Levante. It differs from the rest
dialog: of the area because it has over three hundred caves,
text: most of them inhabited by families. This and other
text: surrounding areas are home to workers from all parts of
text: Spain and locals who are badly off.
text: The family (mother, father, Salvador) walk through an
text: area of very uneven ground, where pieces of cement
text: alternate with stretches of earth or plaster. Along the
text: sides of the path, randomly, there are chimneys
text: sticking up (about three or four feet high),
text: whitewashed, and topped with a little roof. The
text: chimneys look like primitive sculptures (menhirs) and
text: they give the esplanade an ancient, Mediterranean air.
text: On a rope stretched between two poles, two or three
text: sheets and other clothes flap, moved by a_ slight
text: breeze. An occasional mongrel. Two or three children
text: playing marbles. A woman carrying a basin of water on
text: her head. Salvador looks at everything, fascinated.
text: The family trio is transporting all the bundles in a
text: wheelbarrow pushed by the father. The mother, Jacinta,
text: is also carrying shapeless bundles in both hands. Even
text: little Salvador is carrying something.
text: Jacinta and Venancio (the father) talk. She complains.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: What a long night! I thought we’d
dialog: never get here. The whole night in
dialog: the station!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I told you to wait a few days,
dialog: until I got more settled in.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: Your mother was fed up with us.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Don’t say that...
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: Three days ago I heard her say
dialog: “This month my bread bill has gone
dialog: up so much!”
text: The father frowns, annoyed.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Don’t pay any heed to that.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: I. won’t be a burden to anyone!
dialog: That same day I packed our bags
dialog: and here we are. Or would you
dialog: rather be alone?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Don’t say that, but you could have
dialog: waited a few days.
text: Near the chimneys there are also some rectangular
text: shaped openings in the ground, on four little walls
text: between 20 and 30 inches high. The family stops next to
dialog: one of these openings to rest.
text: The mother sees in the distance a group of one or two
text: storied buildings, beyond an imposing Arab tower.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Is it much farther?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No, we’re here.
text: The mother points to the closest buildings.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Is that where our house is?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No. We’re on top of it.
text: The mother doesn’t understand. The father points to the
text: open surface, 20 inches above the ground and protected
text: by a grille that lets in light and air and keeps out
text: birds, insects and animals. (It’s like the parapet of a
text: well, but rectangular instead of circular). The mother
text: looks over the edge, not understanding what her husband
text: is trying to tell her. At the bottom there is a
text: flowerpot with a geranium and an assortment of tiles
text: arranged haphazardly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: A cave!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I couldn’t find anything better.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: For God’s sake, Venancio, a cave!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: There are three hundred families
dialog: living in caves here, it’s typical
dialog: of this village. There’s no shame
dialog: in it.
text: Salvador sees in the distance a boy of eighteen
text: whitewashing a wall. The boy catches his attention. The
text: father, a humble, inscrutable man, feels humiliated by
text: the mother’s reaction and he takes it out on the boy.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Salvador, come here!
scene_heading: 25. PATERNA. SALVADOR’S FAMILY’S CAVE. EXT. DAY.
text: They go through the opening of an underground tunnel
text: that leads to the door of the cave house. Jacinta looks
text: at everything, greatly annoyed. She is a proud woman
text: and it’s hard for her to accept that they’ve left their
text: home village in search of fortune only to end up living
text: in a cave.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I swept it as best I could. And
dialog: we’ve got light.
scene_heading: 26. PATERNA. SALVADOR’S FAMILY’S CAVE. INT. DAY.
text: The mother looks around at the interior. It’s like a
text: grotto with low, irregular ceilings. They put down
text: their bundles where they can.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: It was your idea to leave the
dialog: village and come here.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (Somber) What would they say in
dialog: the village if they could see us!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I didn’t have time to whitewash
dialog: it, that’s why I wanted you to
dialog: wait a while.
dialog: There are two amorphous spaces that we’1ll call rooms
text: in one of them there is a Singer sewing machine. And a
text: wooden box that acts as a table. On top of the box is a
text: bottle of wine. Jacinta looks annoyed when she sees the
text: bottle but she says nothing. There is also a humble
text: bed, covered by a humble bedspread. However, to
text: Salvador’s eyes the cave is a fantastic place. The two
text: rooms are whitewashed. In the area bathed by light from
text: the skylight, the large flaking surfaces are much more
text: noticeable, but they don’t detract from the beauty of
dialog: the place. For the boy’s sensitivity, those flaking
text: surfaces are like works of abstract art, although he
dialog: doesn’t know what that is. He just knows that he likes
text: it. He enters the area of light as if it were a sacred
text: place. He hears his mother’s complaints and his
dialog: father’s explanations, but they don’t affect him. What
text: matters to him is the light, and living in a cave is
text: like living inside a comic strip.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I cleaned it as best I could.
text: The floor is a mixture of cement and tiles typical of
text: the region, reminiscent of Gaudi, and trims of lime.
text: The boy looks up and sees the very blue sky around a
text: white cloud. He tries to share this discovery with his
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Mom, look! The sky!
text: Jacinta walks forward with the feeling that she’s going
text: to hit her head on the ceiling. This part is flaking
text: much more than that at the entrance. The walls have an
text: irregular shape, like a grotto, there are no straight
text: lines. There are parts painted white, but mostly the
text: paint has flaked off, revealing rock or brown earth. In
text: one corner there is a brush and dust pan. Near the area
text: that gets most light from the roof, there are two stone
dialog: benches which suggest that there used to be a kitchen
text: there. The father has bought a hot plate and some
dialog: trivets.
text: Jacinta and Salvador are bathed by the light from the
text: skylight. It doesn’t seem like sunlight, it’s kindlier,
text: softer. The father looks at them from the shadows,
text: ashamed. Jacinta leaves the boy and goes back to her
text: husband. She tries to cheer him up. They go to what
text: will be their room. Finally, tenderly:
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: Are you happy we’re here?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Jacinta, I wanted something else
dialog: for you. Do you think I’m happy
dialog: bringing you to a cave? But
dialog: there’s nothing else.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: I’ll fix it up and this will look
dialog: like a home. But your mother,
dialog: really, saying that to us about
dialog: the bread, in front of the child!
text: She looks round to where the boy is, from force of
text: habit, and shouts.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: Salvador! (To the father) He loves
dialog: it.
text: She looks at Venancio with warm, knowing eyes. And she
text: gives him a kiss.
scene_heading: 27. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. INT. DUSK. (THE
speaker_heading: PRESENT)
text: Salvador calls a taxi company on his phone. He gives
dialog: his address in Madrid and that of Alberto in El
text: Escorial. Alberto is beside him and hears the details.
scene_heading: 28. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. EXT. DUSK.
text: Salvador moves as if he were floating. They arrive at
text: the gate that leads to the street.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Are you clear about the
dialog: Cinematheque? The 18, in three
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I’ve already started thinking
dialog: about my outfit. We’1ll talk on the
dialog: phone before.
text: Salvador holds out his hand to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Can’t we exchange a kiss, like old
dialog: friends? We even chased the peace
dialog: dragon.
text: Salvador accedes, he barely brushes the other’s cheek.
text: And he gets into the car with difficulty while Alberto
dialog: watches.
scene_heading: 29. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT.
text: On the way back, night has fallen. Salvador comes into
text: his house. On a sideboard near the door he finds a note
text: from Maya, his maid. “Miss Mercedes rang. Call her as
dialog: soon as you can.”
scene_heading: 30. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT.
text: Salvador takes his phone from his pocket and calls
dialog: Mercedes’ number.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES OFF
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: It’s me.
text: Mercedes is at her desk in front of the computer. On
text: the wall a poster of Fellini’s 8%.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Is it true about the Cinematheque?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Keep me informed. Don’t shut me
dialog: out so much.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I was going to tell you.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I’m delighted that they’re showing
dialog: Sabor and that you’re going out a
dialog: bit, but are you sure you want a
dialog: Q&A with people? Because it’s
dialog: going to be full.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: It isn’t that I want a Q&A, but
dialog: I’m curious to see if the film has
dialog: survived these 30 years.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: You’d better believe it. But if
dialog: you decide not to go, tell me and
dialog: T’ll sort it out. It’s better to
dialog: cancel now than = at the last
dialog: minute.
scene_heading: 31. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. DAY (THE NEXT DAY)
text: Salvador is lying on the bed reading. He is dressed for
text: lounging at home, warm, comfortable, good quality
text: clothes. The bedroom door is half open.
text: Maya comes up.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I’m leaving now. Do you need
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: No, Maya, thank you. See you
dialog: tomorrow.
text: He’s reading Nothing Grows by Moonlight, by Torborg
text: Nedreaas. We hear a paragraph in voiceover.
text: Salvador underlines the paragraph with a pencil.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: “I entered the room where Johannes
text: was. He had rolled over into a
dialog: ball, so there was no room for me.
dialog: When I tried to make a space for
dialog: myself, he woke and we made love,
dialog: but loneliness stayed with me and
dialog: I couldn’t chase it out of my
dialog: heart. We were as close as two
dialog: people can be, but we were in
dialog: separate worlds”.
scene_heading: 32. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. DAY (AFTERNOON, ANOTHER
speaker_heading: DAY)
text: Salvador is lying on the green velvet couch facing the
text: terrace. There isn’t much light (a faint lamp that
text: bounces off a wall). He lays his hand over his
text: forehead, the contact with himself eases his headache a
text: little. He hears the doorbell. He waits until it rings
text: two or three times. Then he gets up. In _ these
text: circumstances it is obvious that he has trouble getting
text: to his feet. He puts his hands on his lumbar region. He
text: is very rigid as he takes the first steps. Then he
dialog: walks normally.
text: He is dressed differently so that it doesn’t seem like
text: the same day as the previous sequence.
scene_heading: 33. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. DAY. (CONT’D)
dialog: Every time Salvador gets up it has to be seen that he
dialog: forces himself to walk normally. Generally this is
text: accompanied by a gasp of pain, if he’s alone, and by
text: him raising a hand to his dorsal and lumbar region.
text: These have become automatic gestures. If he is in
text: company, he conceals them.
text: He looks through the peephole. Alberto waves at him
text: from the other side of the door.
text: Salvador opens the door.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Weren’t you going to open the
dialog: door?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I wasn’t expecting anyone. And
dialog: I’ve got a headache.
text: Salvador looks worse than two days before.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Do you want me to go away?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: No, no. Come in, now that you’re
dialog: here.
text: They go to the kitchen.
scene_heading: 34. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. DAY. (CONT’D)
text: The house is in semi-darkness. Probably there is no
dialog: light switched on, if dusk is falling. In any case,
text: there is sufficient light coming through the glass
text: doors that connect the living room with the terrace.
text: Salvador and Alberto move through the house. Alberto
text: looks at the place, impressed.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Do you live like this, in
dialog: darkness?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: When I’ve got a headache, yes.
text: Alberto looks all around, impressed by the space and
text: the paintings hanging on the walls.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Poor thing! But you’ve got one
dialog: hell of a house!
text: They go up to the two paintings by Sigfrido Martin
text: Begué, on the rug.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Do you want a drink?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Any liquor.
text: We stay with Alberto looking at the paintings. He
text: starts to hear some dreadful coughing coming from the
dialog: kitchen.
text: Salvador is gasping for air, his face is red, his
text: coughs are becoming deeper. Alberto comes into the
text: kitchen and goes to help him. Something must have gone
dialog: down the wrong way.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Breathe through your nose.
text: Salvador gradually starts to breathe normally again.
text: His face is red, his eyes are watering, it was a very
dialog: bad choking spell.
text: Salvador had already taken out the bottle and glasses
text: and left them on the center table.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Fuck, I choke on nothing!
text: Alberto gives him a glass of water.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Here, drink it slowly. You scared
dialog: me! I thought you were going to
dialog: choke to death.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Complaining) I get this from time
dialog: to time. And it’s horrible.
text: He finishes slowly drinking the water.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Listen, about the Cinematheque,
dialog: were you serious?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Of course. I’ve already told them
dialog: that we’re both going.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 35. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. INT. NIGHT. (IN
scene_heading: FRONT OF THE TELEVISION)
text: A large couch with lots of cushions of different sizes
text: and colors. An exquisitely designed square table full
text: of DVDs and Blurays, a large plasma screen between the
text: two bookcases that fill the wall facing the couch.
text: Lamps at both ends of the couch, one of colored
text: crystals, Memphis style, the other by Lloyd Wright.
text: Above the couch, a large painting of tree trunks, by
text: Abraham Lacalle that is reminiscent of David Hockney
dialog: and The Flower, by Jorge Galindo, if it fits.
text: The place overflows with DVDs, Blurays and books.
text: Alberto is getting ready to chase the dragon. Salvador
text: watches him. The TV is showing La nifia santa by
text: Lucrecia Martel. Alberto offers him the pipe. Salvador
text: takes a puff and he feels as if he’s floating.
scene_heading: 36. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. INT. NIGHT.
dialog: Salvador isn’t in any shape for talking a lot, he’s out
dialog: of it.
text: Alberto looks at him, he decides not to leave him on
text: his own in that state. Salvador is still new to this.
text: Alberto moves unhurriedly towards the desk, at one end
text: of the room, next to a window that is cinemascope-
text: shaped, a rectangle twice as long as it is high and
text: which looks out on the street. From the window, the
text: tree trunks can be seen.
text: Alberto pokes around on the top of the desk.
scene_heading: 37. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DESK. BOOKSHELF. WINDOW. INT.
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
text: He looks at the objects and papers that surround the
text: computer. He looks over to make sure that Salvador is
text: still out of it. He sits down in front of the computer
text: screen. On the desk there are several notebooks laid
text: out tidily, stacks of paper, a magnifying glass, a
text: blood pressure monitor, boxes of medicines, a file with
dialog: cuttings... a great variety of objects, all neatly
dialog: arranged.
text: Just to try, Alberto clicks on the mouse and discovers
text: that the computer is connected and the desktop screen
text: offers him lots of documents. He reads the titles in
dialog: passing: Detour, Parallel Mothers, Too Many Gender
text: Changes, Strange Life Form, Mermaids and Replicants.
dialog: Attractive titles. But the one that most catches his
dialog: attention is called Addiction. Of course. Alberto
dialog: supposes that Salvador is writing something about his
text: initiation into heroin, which explains his present
text: curiosity. He doesn’t hesitate for a second before
text: diving into the document. And rummaging in it.
scene_heading: 38. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. OFFICE. INT. NIGHT.
text: Alberto reads the first sentence: we hear it in
text: voiceover.
dialog: “My idea of cinema was always linked to the breeze on
dialog: summer nights. We only saw films in the summer.”
text: He looks at Salvador who is still drowsy.
scene_heading: 39. SALA MIRADOR (THEATER). STAGE. INT. NIGHT.
text: Alberto imagines himself on a bare stage, with just a
text: large screen to one side. In this part of the
text: monologue, the real wall of the stage is painted black,
text: like the whole theater. Some pipes stick out, and a
text: square box with a red fire hose, all protected by a
text: glass screen.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: The films were projected on an
text: enormous, whitewashed wall.
text: (In his imagination, Alberto goes up to the white
text: screen that represents the white wall in the form of a
dialog: rectangle.)
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I particularly remember the films
dialog: in which there was water:
text: waterfalls, beaches, the bottom of
dialog: the sea, rivers or springs.
text: The screen is filled with different landscapes with
text: moving water. It ends with a scene by a river, intense
text: colors shot “day for night” in Splendor in the Grass
text: the film by Elia Kazan. Alberto points to one end and
text: the other of the whitewashed rectangle, that is, to the
text: left and right of the base of the screen.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
text: Just hearing the sound of running
dialog: water gave all the kids a
dialog: tremendous desire to urinate and
dialog: we’d do it right there, on both
text: sides of the screen. In the cinema
dialog: of my childhood it always smells
dialog: of piss and jasmine, and of the
dialog: summer breeze.
text: (In the scene by the river Nathalie Wood runs along the
text: riverbank in a red dress and high heels. Marilyn Monroe
text: also appears for a moment, singing Kiss in Niagara.)
scene_heading: 40. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT.
text: Insert occasional close-ups of a groggy Salvador on the
text: couch, which will help do ellipses in the reading. It
text: gives the impression that what Alberto is reading (and
text: which he imagines performing) is being dreamed by
dialog: Salvador.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 41. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT.
text: Alberto finishes reading Salvador’s text. He turns his
text: head and looks over at the couch where the author is
text: vegetating. He has just opened his eyes. He starts to
text: waken slowly and heavily, distant, expressionless.
text: Without a headache. For a few moments neither says
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: What are you doing there?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Reading you. I’ve just read
dialog: Addiction.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Well, you shouldn’t have.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I had to do something. You were
text: groggy.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 42. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. NIGHT.
text: On the table there is a tray with an untouched meal.
text: Alberto picks a little at the food.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: May I?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes, yes...
text: Salvador opens the refrigerator and drinks a liquid
dialog: yogurt.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: (Sincere, enthusiastic) Listen,
dialog: the story really knocked me out.
dialog: Salvador isn’t interested in the subject.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: It isn’t a story.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Well, whatever it is, it could be
text: staged just as it is.
text: Salvador rejects the idea. He speaks with the distance
dialog: that heroin gives. This isn’t the case with Alberto,
dialog: he’s more used to it.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Thank you, but it isn’t a dramatic
dialog: text.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: It doesn’t matter, I could perform
dialog: it, I really know what it’s
dialog: talking about.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Sarcastic) You? You’re on the
text: opposite side to that text.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: You forget that I’m an actor and
dialog: that I suffer very well.
text: Salvador looks at him without saying anything.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 43. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. TERRACE. (CONT’D.)
text: Salvador lies on a lounger and Alberto sits on a
text: hassock, leaning back against the wall. The large
text: terrace is full of flowerpots with different plants.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: (Begging) I need to act again. I
text: came down from my pedestal a long
dialog: time ago, eh? I’m in touch with
dialog: the Sala Mirador. I know it’s a
dialog: small venue, very “off”. We’re
dialog: putting on Cocteau’s Le bel
dialog: indifférent, with men, to give it
dialog: that touch. But, to be honest, I’d
dialog: much rather do your text. Why
dialog: don’t you give me a copy and I’1l
dialog: show it to the people at the
dialog: Mirador?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Stop, stop, Alberto!
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I don’t understand. Why did you
dialog: write it?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I wrote it to forget about its
dialog: content. But I don’t want to talk
dialog: about it.
dialog: Cut.
text: The two walk to the front door. Salvador takes a 50
text: euro note from his pocket. He offers it to Alberto.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Do you mind letting me have what’s
dialog: left of the paper?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I’m not a dealer.
text: He takes the paper from his pocket.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I’ll give it to you, but use it
dialog: with discretion. These late
dialog: discoveries are the worst. Think
dialog: about what I said about’ the
dialog: Mirador. Is your headache gone?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Completely.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: You see?
text: On the landing he walks to the elevator.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 44. CINEMATHEQUE. SCREENING ROOM. INT. NIGHT.
text: Applause. The end credits appear on the cinema screen.
text: We hear the final theme music. The audience continues
text: applauding. The screening room is full, a very varied
text: audience. Many young spectators who hadn’t even been
text: born when the film was made. Mercedes is among them,
text: excited and moved by the screening and by _ the
text: audience’s reaction. She looks at her watch uneasily.
text: With the lights still out, in the area nearest the
text: stage, the director of the Cinematheque is murmuring
text: with two employees who are asking him something. This
text: must be seen from Mercedes’ point of view: the director
text: tells them to put three chairs in front of the seats on
text: the main floor, on a little dais on which there is only
text: the microphone on a stand with which he presented the
dialog: film.
text: Mercedes, curious, watches them from her seat. The
text: director, looking worried, walks along the central
text: aisle to the door of the screening room, separated by
text: red curtains. The stage curtains are a bluish grey. The
text: director looks nervous, he has his cell phone in his
text: hand, like a appendix of himself. He stops by the red
dialog: curtains.
text: Mercedes goes up to him, they obviously know each
text: other. As they talk, they walk to the other door, which
text: leads to a large café with tables, a bar and lots of
text: film posters on the walls (classics of Spanish and
dialog: foreign cinema, among the former we see the posters for
dialog: Arrebato, El sur, Peppermint Frappé, Casa Flora,
dialog: Furtivos, Viridiana, El espiritu de la colmena, Bilbao,
dialog: Magical Girl, Tras el cristal, La Dama de Beirut,
dialog: Placido, Atraco a las tres, Tesis, Muerte de un
dialog: ciclista, Tristana, El extrafio viaje, Bienvenido Mr.
dialog: Marshall, El pico or Duerme, duerme, mi amor).
text: Near the door there are two easels showing two posters
dialog: advertising the season that includes Salvador’s film:
dialog: Madrid and the cinema.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Is he on his way?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (Skeptical) I don’t know. You
dialog: organized all this yourself.
text: From where they are we can see the entrance from the
text: street. There is a little group of spectators at the
text: bar counter and others at the tables.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: I don’t understand. I showed him
dialog: the restored print and he loved
dialog: it!
text: They pass a young spectator.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SPECTATOR
dialog: Excuse me, the washroom?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (Pointing) There, on your left.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Why don’t you call him?
text: A young girl comes out of the cinema and asks the
dialog: director.
speaker_heading: SPECTATOR
dialog: Is there going to be a Q&A?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Yes, yes. The director is on his
dialog: way.
scene_heading: 45. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. BATHROOM. NIGHT.
text: Salvador and Alberto, in front of the bathroom mirror.
text: Salvador’s phone rings on the vanity top. The name of
text: the director of the Cinematheque appears on the screen.
text: No one answers the phone. Alberto looks at it, furious.
text: Both Alberto and Salvador are pale and drugged. Alberto
text: wears a very eye-catching Dsquared jacket. Salvador is
text: in a maroon suit by Prada and an open necked shirt that
text: matches the suit.
text: The phone stops ringing. Alberto has seen who was
dialog: calling.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Was it him?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Yes. I can’t believe it! You
dialog: organize all this fuss and then
dialog: you don’t go! You don’t know how
dialog: much it cost me to borrow this
dialog: jacket!
text: Salvador takes the phone and puts it in his pocket.
text: He leaves the bathroom, followed by Alberto.
scene_heading: 46. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT.
text: They go into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: You go.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: How can I go on my own?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I don’t want them to see me like
dialog: this!
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: See you how? (We’re not going to a
dialog: beauty contest, it’s a fucking
dialog: Q&A!)
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I. don’t want them to see me
text: drugged up and stammering!
text: He takes a swig of limoncello straight from the bottle.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Once you step on the stage, you’ll
dialog: be in control. With what you've
dialog: been!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: That was before, and without
dialog: having taken heroin.
text: Salvador calls the the director of the Cinematheque.
scene_heading: 47. CINEMATHEQUE. SCREENING ROOM. INT. NIGHT
text: The director is at the front of the screening room
text: talking to a friend about the situation. He’s stressed
text: out. The spectators murmur but very few have left. Some
dialog: have taken the opportunity to go to the washroom or to
text: bring drinks from the bar. The atmosphere is relaxed.
dialog: We get the impression that all those people have
text: nothing better to do than wait there, sitting, leaning
text: on the backs of the seats or standing chatting. Many of
text: them are busy on their phones. Mercedes has gone back
text: to her seat, uneasy. The director of the Cinematheque
text: has an exaggerated quiff, Jon Kortajerena style. Like a
text: tic, he touches the quiff from time to time. His phone
dialog: rings, it’s Salvador.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Salvador? Where are you?
text: He moves to the center, under the stage, where the
text: chairs are and the mike with which he presented the
dialog: film.
scene_heading: 48. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. (CONT’D.)
scene_heading: 49. CINEMATHEQUE. SCREENING ROOM (WITH AUDIENCE) .
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT.
dialog: Sequences 48 and 49 alternate.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: At home.
text: The people in the front row look at him, they realize
text: that he’s talking to the film’s director. He’s talking
text: very close to the mike he used in the presentation. The
text: spectators can hear what he’s saying.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Still? The film's over, the
dialog: audience is waiting for you.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (To the spectators) I’m with
dialog: Salvador Mallo.
text: He puts the phone on speaker and holds it up to the
text: mike. Salvador’s voice is deeper than usual.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: We were intending to go. Alberto
dialog: Crespo is here with me.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (To the spectators) And the
dialog: leading actor, Alberto Crespo. Do
dialog: you mind applauding again so they
dialog: can hear it? It might encourage
dialog: them.
text: Salvador and Alberto, perplexed, hear the applause over
text: the phone’s loudspeaker. Salvador is amused by the
text: situation and it seems that so is the audience.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Surprised) Is everyone listening
dialog: to me?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I want to apologize to the
dialog: spectators. At the last minute I
dialog: didn’t feel well. I’m with Alberto
dialog: Crespo, we were intending to go.
dialog: He stayed to keep me company.
text: In the screening room one spectator raises his hand.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Just a minute, someone has raised
text: his hand, he wants to ask a
dialog: question.
text: A Cinematheque employee hands the spectator a mike.
text: While they listen to the question, Alberto quickly puts
text: two lines of cocaine on the table. With his lips he
text: spells out to Salvador “c o c a ine ™ and he offers
text: him the little snorter. Before the spectator finishes
text: the question, Salvador quickly snorts one of the lines
text: which immediately stimulates him.
speaker_heading: SPECTATOR
dialog: This is a question for the film’s
dialog: director. What do you think of
dialog: Alberto Crespo’s performance in
dialog: the film? There are people who say
dialog: you weren’t happy with it and
dialog: that’s why you grew apart.
text: Alberto and Salvador exchange glances.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (To Salvador) Did you hear the
dialog: question, Salvador?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes.
text: Alberto looks at him and expects him to go off on a
text: tangent. The spectator insists.
speaker_heading: SPECTATOR
dialog: I read that after Sabor you argued
dialog: and didn’t see each other again.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Look, time is mysterious. I saw
dialog: the film again a month ago, and I
dialog: think that Alberto’s performance
dialog: has gained a lot since we released
dialog: it.
text: Alberto looks at him, disconcerted.
speaker_heading: SECOND SPECTATOR
dialog: What was it that you didn’t like
dialog: back then?
text: Salvador moves away from Alberto, who is now listening
text: closely, with an amazed expression.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: Its heaviness, its lethal rhythm.
dialog: I’d conceived a dynamic, daring
text: character, a funny, scathing
dialog: cocaine addict.
text: Alberto glares at him.
text: Laughter among the audience. The director of the
text: Cinematheque is happy, he is finally having a kind of
text: Q&A with Salvador Mallo. Mercedes is listening, very
text: serious. Apart from Alberto, she is the only person who
text: isn’t amused by the situation. Salvador moves a little
text: away from Alberto and only speaks into the phone.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Alberto didn’t have the lightness
dialog: that I asked for, not because he
dialog: was incapable, but because he was
dialog: taking the opposite drug to the
dialog: character, he was taking heroin
dialog: The rhythm of his performance was
dialog: graver, and the humor in the text
dialog: disappeared. But I have to be
dialog: fair, now I think that that
dialog: gravity goes well with the
text: character, it gives him substance.
scene_heading: 50. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT (CONT’D)
text: Alberto slaps him on the arm, or pushes him, and
text: Salvador falls into an armchair or stumbles against the
text: wall. He raises a hand to his back in a gesture of
text: pain. The phone falls to the floor. Alberto kicks it
text: it slides along until it knocks against a wall or a
text: piece of furniture.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: (Furious) How dare you!
text: He grabs him by his shirt front and is about to punch
dialog: him.
text: Salvador takes a deep breath. Serious.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I didn’t mean to say it but now
dialog: it’s said.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Be careful with me, eh? I won’t
dialog: let you humiliate me again! Who do
dialog: you think you are?
text: He goes to the door.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I just told the truth. Before we
dialog: started, you promised me you
dialog: wouldn’t take heroin during the
dialog: shoot. That’s why I gave you the
dialog: part. And you lied to me. You did
dialog: whatever the hell you wanted. I
dialog: had to tell you some day.
text: Without looking at him, while he opens the door:
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: You’re fucking crazy!
text: And he leaves the house.
scene_heading: 51. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. BEDROOM. INT. NIGHT.
text: Salvador leaves six tablets of different colors and
text: sizes on top of the chest of drawers. When he takes one
text: out of the blister pack (tryptizol, for example) it
text: rolls along the top and falls to the floor. There are
text: no more in the blister.
text: Alberto takes a pillow from the bed and throws it on
text: the floor. He kneels down on the pillow and picks up
dialog: the tablet.
text: He crushes the tablets with a metal lighter. When he
text: has reduced them to powder he pours this into a glass
text: of water. And he drinks it. He goes to bed, he does
dialog: breathing exercises.
scene_heading: 52. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. MERCEDES AND MAYA IN THE
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
text: Mercedes and Maya, in the kitchen. Maya, standing, is
text: at the white corian worktop peeling fruit to make a
text: shake. Mercedes is sitting at the central table,
text: trimming the stems of a bunch of white roses.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I give him all the messages.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: He’s been avoiding me recently.
dialog: Are you sure he’s alright?
speaker_heading: MAYA
text: He doesn’t eat much and he chokes
dialog: a lot.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Purée all his food. Does he go
dialog: out?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Not that I see, but he walks here,
text: through the house, along the
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: There are loafers by the door, and
dialog: he’s never liked loafers.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Well, he wears them, even though
dialog: he’s got a thousand lovely
dialog: sneakers.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Maya, tell him you don’t mind
text: doing up his shoes or sneakers. It
dialog: must be very hard for him to tie
text: his laces.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I do tell him, Miss Mercedes. But
dialog: he doesn’t want me to. I think
dialog: he’s embarrassed. And I don’t know
dialog: what to do.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Always smile at him and take good
dialog: care of him. And if you see
dialog: anything strange, call me.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Everything here is strange.
scene_heading: 53. VALLECAS. EXT. DAY.
text: Salvador gets out of a taxi in an area of Vallecas
text: occupied by drug dealers. He arrives at an almost
text: deserted corner. Several young Nigerians talk and
text: laugh. On a wall, an enormous graffiti says “I do
dialog: believe in you, sister”.
text: On the sidewalk, Salvador is the only white man, and an
text: obvious target. A Nigerian capturer comes up to him. He
text: speaks Spanish with an almost incomprehensible accent.
speaker_heading: CAPTURER
dialog: Can I help you with anything?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: CAPTURER
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: A dose.
speaker_heading: CAPTURER
dialog: Ten euros.
text: Salvador doesn’t fully understand him.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Ten euros?
text: The capturer nods.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Don’t bring me shit. If it’s good,
dialog: I’1l1 come back.
speaker_heading: CAPTURER
dialog: Give me the money.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR.
dialog: No, no, when you bring the
dialog: material.
speaker_heading: CAPTURER
dialog: In cash and now. Wait here.
text: Salvador gives him the money and the capturer
text: disappears. Salvador looks at the people swarming
text: around him, a mixture of residents and clients who walk
dialog: quickly.
text: He hears shouting, he looks over to where it’s coming
text: from, in the same street.
scene_heading: 54. THE SAME STREET. EXT. DAY
text: Two drug apartment “vigilantes” confront each other,
text: one with a knife and the other with a machete. The man
text: with the machete is heavily built. He has the sheath
text: for the weapon (with a sword hilt) in his left hand.
text: The man with the knife has a jacket rolled around his
text: left arm as a shield. The two threaten each other
dialog: verbally but we can’t understand what they’re saying.
text: One shouts “NO” all the time.
text: The man with the machete forces his opponent to back
text: away. Both rip the air with blows that are easily
text: avoided. A friend tries to separate them but finally
text: gives up. The man with the machete cuts the other on
dialog: the leg. It mustn’t be very deep because he stays on
text: his feet and keeps attacking the heavily built man.
text: Among those watching the duel there is a group of four,
text: with haircuts and clothes similar to that of the
text: duelists. They end up getting between the two. And
text: rather than convincing them, it seems that the duelists
text: have got bored with the fight. The one with the machete
text: puts the weapon in its sheath and goes off in the
text: opposite direction to the other, wounded in the leg,
text: but still on his feet and leaving a trail of blood on
dialog: the ground.
text: A police car drives up.
text: Salvador has seen everything from a prudent distance. A
text: neighbor films the duel from his balcony. Salvador is
text: leaving when the capturer appears. He calls him.
text: Salvador takes the merchandise. The transaction takes
text: only an instant.
scene_heading: 55. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. AFTERNOON-EVENING
text: Salvador is lying on different colored cushions. He
text: eyes are half open. He ends up closing them and
text: welcoming his childhood in Paterna.
scene_heading: 56. PATERNA. OUTSKIRTS/CAVES. EXT. DAY. 1966
text: Salvador-child is sitting on the stairs of the Arab
text: Tower which dominates the area of caves where he lives
dialog: with his family. He’s reading Bonjour, tristesse, the
text: book he found in the wastepaper basket in the station,
dialog: or an encyclopedia.
text: Eduardo and Conchita, a young couple, pass near the
text: tower and are struck by the sight of a child reading a
text: book. Eduardo is a builder and house painter and is
text: dressed as such. Salvador saw him the first day, from a
text: distance. The couple are young, attractive and very
text: rural looking.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
text: He’s so young and look at how he’s
dialog: reading!
text: Salvador looks up from the book and smiles at the
text: couple. When they’ve walked past, the girl turns to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CONCHITA
dialog: Hey, can you write too?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: Of course...
speaker_heading: CONCHITA
dialog: How much would you charge us for
dialog: writing a letter to my aunt in
dialog: Bilbao?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: I don’t know.
scene_heading: 57. PATERNA. ENTRANCE TO FAMILY CAVE. TOWER. EXT.
speaker_heading: DAY.
text: The mother comes out to empty a bucket of dirty water.
text: Or she comes with a pitcher of water from the fountain
text: on her hip. She goes over to the group.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: CONCHITA
dialog: We wanted your son to write a
dialog: letter for us, because my
text: boyfriend is illiterate.
dialog: Eduardo thinks that remark is unnecessary. He protests:
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: When can I learn, if I’m working
dialog: all day!
speaker_heading: CONCHITA
dialog: (Arguing) If you didn’t waste your
dialog: time drawing...
text: Eduardo looks at his girlfriend, obviously angry.
text: They’re about to start arguing seriously, but they
dialog: control themselves.
text: The mother is immediately interested in the builder. So
dialog: is Salvador.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You’re a builder.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: And a painter.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Of course! What a pity, so
dialog: handsome, and you’re illiterate.
dialog: My Salvador could teach you to
dialog: read and write, at night, when you
dialog: finish working.
text: She looks at the child who seems to agree.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Whenever it suits you.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: (He nods.) Could you teach me
dialog: maths too?
text: Before his mother can answer, Salvador does it himself.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Of course, maths, so no one can
dialog: cheat you. My Salvador can teach
dialog: you everything. In the world we
dialog: live in, being illiterate is a
dialog: handicap. I’ll get paper and a
text: pencil so he can write the letter.
speaker_heading: CONCHITA
dialog: (Very interested) How much would
dialog: you charge us?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Nothing! (To Eduardo) You're a
dialog: builder, you could lend me a hand
dialog: with the kitchen, and finish
dialog: painting the walls, when it suits
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: It would have to be at weekends.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: At weekends then, and in exchange
dialog: my Salvador will teach you to read
dialog: and write and maths! And today’s
dialog: letter is free.
dialog: The girlfriend thinks it’s a good deal.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 58. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. NIGHT.
text: Eduardo whitewashes a peeling section of the ceiling
text: and wall, in what would be the dwelling’s hallway. He
text: does it with a brush, a pole and a piece of lambskin on
text: the tip. Salvador, sitting on a little chair, looks at
text: Eduardo, concentrating on the lesson.
text: Eduardo says the ABC out loud. Jacinta is with them,
text: she is preparing the dinner and washing dishes in a
dialog: basin.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
speaker_heading: ABC CHDE F..
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: Eduardo, when are you going to put
dialog: in the sink? I have to wash
dialog: everything in these basins.
text: She points to some basins full of water.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: I wanted to do the walls first.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: I’ve got used to them peeling, the
dialog: sink is more urgent.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: Salvador gives me a lot of
dialog: homework. I don’t have time.
text: Jacinta looks at her son as if he were a stranger. Who
dialog: can he have taken after? Even she is surprised that he
dialog: behaves like a real teacher.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: If he wants to learn to read and
dialog: write, he has to learn the ABC.
dialog: Come on, Eduardo, start again.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
speaker_heading: ABC CHDEFGJ K..
text: Salvador corrects him.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: No, Eduardo. F G “H I” J K. You
dialog: said it right before.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: There’s a lot of letters.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: Stop complaining. There is what
dialog: there is.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: (To herself) What a scold!
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 59. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. NIGHT.
text: By the light of a bare bulb, at a round table, near the
text: area lit by the skylight (even at night), Salvador
text: continues his lessons. The two boys are dressed
dialog: slightly differently to give the sensation that time
text: has passed. The mother is making a lampshade. She looks
text: over at the boys from time to time. More of the cave is
text: painted than in the previous sequence, but precisely
text: the wall behind the boys is crumbling, and the flaking
text: paint looks like a map.
text: On the round table, as well as an encyclopedia there is
text: a child’s exercise book with letters at the start of
text: each page. Eduardo holds the pencil clumsily and copies
dialog: the letter A.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: Give me the pencil. You don’t hold
dialog: it like that. Hold it like this.
text: Salvador gives him back the pencil and helps him place
text: it correctly between his thumb, his middle finger and
text: his index finger. The builder bends over the exercise
text: book. He holds the pencil the wrong way.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: Look at how I hold it.
text: Eduardo imitates him.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: That’s it.
text: On the page there are only vowels. Eduardo has to copy
text: the line of vowels at the top of the page.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: You don’t have to hold it so
dialog: tightly. Let your hand go loose,
dialog: I’ll move it for you.
text: Salvador lays his hand on the bricklayer’s, much bigger
text: than his. He grips it and helps him write the vowels.
text: The bricklayer’s hand trembles, intimidated by
text: Salvador’s skill and his own clumsiness.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: I’m a bit nervous.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: That’s better. Do you like
dialog: drawing?
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: A lot.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: Then you’ll learn to write very
dialog: soon. It’s like drawing, except
dialog: with letters. Now you do it on
dialog: your own.
text: The mother looks at them, pensive, from the improvised
dialog: kitchen.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 60. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. NIGHT.
text: The mother is at the sewing machine. The peeling wall
text: that looks like a map is half painted, or totally
text: painted. The exercise book on the table has sentences
text: written at the top. Hanging on the wall is a photo of
text: Jacinta and Venancio under a string of recently made
text: chorizos and blood sausages.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: Read the sentence.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: One Holy Catholic Apostolic.
dialog: Who’s that?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR CHILD
dialog: Spain, who else could it be! Write
text: it all at once.
dialog: Eduardo writes the sentence. He has improved
dialog: noticeably.
scene_heading: 61. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DINING ROOM. INT. DAY. (THE
speaker_heading: PRESENT)
text: A close-up of the white table in the dining room.
text: Various envelopes and invitations to exhibitions,
text: premieres and various events come into frame. Mercedes
text: has just put the papers on the table.
text: Salvador is sitting, he glances at them. From the
text: kitchen, where she is heating water which she then
text: pours into two cups to make tea:
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: There’s a load of invitations. It
dialog: wouldn’t be a bad idea for you to
dialog: go somewhere. I’1ll go with you
dialog: wherever you want. And the dance
dialog: season has started. Dimitris
dialog: Papaioannou and Jan Fabre are
text: coming to the Canal Theaters.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I’d like to go. But theater seats
dialog: are the most uncomfortable for me
dialog: and I don’t want to leave in the
dialog: middle.
text: Mercedes looks at him, really concerned. She knows that
dialog: Salvador has made an effort to see her, that he didn’t
dialog: really feel like it.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Have you gone to see Dr. Galindo?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: No, I’m fed up with doctors.
text: She joins him at the white table in the dining room.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: And how do you get the oxycodone?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Lying) A friend gets it for me,
dialog: his mother is a chemist...
text: Mercedes doesn’t insist. Until that moment she has
dialog: taken care of everything. But she still feels a great
text: respect for him. For her, he is still her boss, even
dialog: though neither of them works. Salvador doesn’t usually
text: lie, but it’s obvious that he’s going through a process
text: in which she has no part.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: The Guggenheim has asked us for
dialog: two of the Pérez Villaltas.
dialog: They’re doing a retrospective of
dialog: his work.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Tell them no. Those paintings are
dialog: my only company.
text: Mercedes’ phone rings. She looks at the caller ID and
text: tuts in annoyance.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Sorry.
text: She gets up and walks to the window. Salvador takes the
text: opportunity to go to the bathroom in his bedroom.
scene_heading: 62. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. BATHROOM/SALVADOR’S BEDROOM.
scene_heading: INT. DAY.
text: He takes a puff on a heroin cigarette that he has
text: already prepared. He opens the bedroom window to air
text: the room. Then after one puff he stubs it out.
scene_heading: 63. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. INT. DAY.
text: He goes back to the living room.
text: The sunlight reflects on the waxed wooden floor, and
text: rebounds, transformed into a powerful ray, on a level
text: with Salvador’s head as he sits at the table. He puts
text: on dark glasses and looks at some of the invitations.
text: The figure of Mercedes is silhouetted against one of
text: the large windows that lead out to a terrace.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I have to hang up. I can’t keep
dialog: talking... It’s none of your
dialog: business where I am...
text: She puts the phone away and comes back to the table,
text: next to Salvador. He is much more relaxed, she is more
dialog: nervous.
text: The phone conversation has changed Mercedes’ mood. Even
text: Salvador, half stoned, realizes.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Is anything wrong?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Luis and I are separating.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I didn’t know you were having
dialog: problems.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I didn’t want to bother you. It’s
dialog: been going on for a while, and now
dialog: that I’m at home so much I can’t
dialog: keep fooling myself.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I think I’m a better assistant
dialog: than I am a wife so, if you don’t
dialog: mind, I’d like to carry on taking
dialog: care of your mail. People like to
dialog: get an answer.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: But it’s always no.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Well, you should do something. You
dialog: have too much free time to think
dialog: about your ailments. Give your
dialog: brain something to keep it
dialog: occupied.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I'd like to do more things too,
dialog: Mercedes.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: You could write. You have lots of
dialog: documents full of ideas to be
dialog: developed. If you want, I’11 make
dialog: you a list.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I don’t want to write if
dialog: afterwards I can’t film it. And
dialog: you know better than anyone that I
dialog: can’t film in these conditions.
dialog: Without filming my life is
dialog: meaningless, but that’s how things
dialog: are.
scene_heading: 64. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DOOR. INT. DAY.
text: They say goodbye at the door.
text: He automatically takes off his glasses to give her two
text: kisses on her cheeks. Mercedes sees his eyes. She
text: imagines what has caused the change. Her heart sinks,
text: but she covers up.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (Serious) Call me, for anything.
scene_heading: 65. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT.
text: Salvador reads in bed, lit by a reading lamp on the
text: bedside table which is piled with books.
scene_heading: 66. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. DAY.
text: Jacinta, the town’s pious woman and Salvador-child are
text: sitting in the sunlit patio, surrounded by plants. The
text: cave is spotless despite the scarcity of furniture.
text: Three chairs and a round table.
text: The pious woman drinks some fresh orange juice. Jacinta
text: offers her some madeleines from her village. She and
text: the boy are also drinking juice.
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: Jacinta, you’ ve got the cave
text: looking beautiful. (She looks up
text: at the skylight, her face, flooded
dialog: by the light, is softened.) And
text: this light is priceless.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: It rains at times.
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: Jacinta, don’t be so selfish. We
dialog: need the rain. Think of the
text: countryside, the farmers.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: Yes, that’s true.
text: The word “cave” rules out the possibility that Jacinta
text: take the remark as a compliment. She’s embarrassed.
text: Salvador, serious, doesn’t know why he’s at that
dialog: meeting.
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: (To Salvador) Salvador, ever since
dialog: your mother told me that at the
dialog: age of nine you were already a
dialog: teacher, I’ve thought: That boy
dialog: must be for God.
text: Salvador looks at her, thinking she’s mad.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: He’s always been ahead of boys his
dialog: age.
text: Salvador is intrigued and bored by the conversation.
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: Do you like teaching, Salvador?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: And would you like to study?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes, a lot.
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: To know more and be able to teach
dialog: more things.
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: Very good. That’s what I call a
dialog: vocation. I’ll speak to Father
dialog: José Maria and he’ll see to
dialog: everything. Salvador, next year
dialog: you'll enter a seminary to study
dialog: for your high school diploma.
dialog: You’11 have to behave! Not
dialog: everyone gets a scholarship to
dialog: study.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: So is the scholarship definite?
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: (Condescending) Yes, it is. Don’t
dialog: worry. (fo the child) And you,
dialog: don’t show me up, Salvador. Think
dialog: that you’re one of the chosen.
text: The child looks at her, not fully understanding,
dialog: hostile.
text: The pious woman stands up.
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: Well, I have to leave, I still
dialog: have a few visits to make.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: Don’t you want some more juice?
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: No, thank you, it was delicious.
text: Jacinta accompanies her to the door. In the hallway:
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: You know something? Really, I envy
dialog: you, Jacinta.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: (Surprised) Me?
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: You live in catacombs, like the
dialog: ancient Christians.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: (Bitterly) Yes, that’s how we
dialog: live. Shall I go and sew on
dialog: Sunday?
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: Yes, I’1l expect you on Sunday.
text: Salvador, at the table, watches them say goodbye.
scene_heading: 67. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. DAY. (CONT’D)
text: Jacinta comes back trying to show a delight that isn’t
dialog: real and ease Salvador’s hostility.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: (Sweetly) Salvador, I’m going to
dialog: make a potato omelet, the way you
dialog: like it.
text: As if he hasn’t heard her, surly:
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Is a seminary a place to become a
dialog: priest?
text: The mother takes out some potatoes and starts peeling
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (He protests) But I don’t want to
dialog: be a priest!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You don’t have to be one.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Then why do you want me to go toa
dialog: seminary?!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Because that’s the only way poor
dialog: people can study!
text: Salvador gets up from the chair and disappears along
text: the hallway. Jacinta calls him but the child doesn’t
text: answer. She stops peeling potatoes and leaves the
text: house, furious.
scene_heading: 68. PATERNA. TOWER. EXT. DAY.
text: Once outside she looks around for Salvador among the
text: chimneys. She sees him going up the steps of the Arab
text: tower. She goes over there, very Italian. She arrives
text: breathless at the foot of the tower. Salvador has
text: arrived at the top of the steps. He leans against the
text: wall, his arms folded, in a rebellious attitude.
text: The mother shouts at him from below:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Salvador, come down from there!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I don’t want to go to the
dialog: seminary!
text: From down below, the mother continues shouting,
text: attracting the attention of two women who pass with
text: basins of water on their heads.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: When you get your diploma, you can
dialog: leave. We’1ll find a way for you to
dialog: study for a career, so you don’t
dialog: end up like your father.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I don’t want to go to school! I
dialog: want to stay here!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (Indignant) And what will you do
dialog: here? Kill yourself working in the
dialog: fields or on a building site, eh?!
dialog: Is that what you want?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I don’t want to be a priest!
scene_heading: 69. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. OFFICE. INT. DAY.
text: Salvador reading from a lectern on his desk, The Book
dialog: of Disquiet, by Pessoa.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: “I find life distasteful, like a
dialog: useless medicine, and that’s when
dialog: I feel and can clearly picture how
dialog: easy it would be to get rid of
dialog: this tedium, if I had the simple
dialog: strength of will to really want to
dialog: get rid of it”.
text: He underlines the paragraph with a pencil.
scene_heading: 70. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STREET. FRONT DOOR. EXT.
speaker_heading: DAY.
text: A taxi leaves Salvador in front of the door of
text: Alberto’s house in El Escorial.
text: He buzzes on the entry phone.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO OFF
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: It’s me.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO OFF
dialog: Go away!
text: Salvador buzzes again.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 71. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STREET. FRONT DOOR.
speaker_heading: (CONT’D)
text: Alberto appears at the far end of the path leading to
text: the gate. He sees Salvador on the other side of the
text: bars, with a leather briefcase in his hand.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: If you don’t go away, I’1l1 call
dialog: the police!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Alberto, I’ve come to negotiate.
dialog: I’ll give you the rights to
dialog: perform Addiction.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I don’t believe you! Go away! I’m
dialog: busy!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: It’s the truth. I’ve brought you a
dialog: copy of the text. Let me in,
dialog: please.
text: Alberto comes up to the gate and unlocks it with a
text: rusty key and a very unfriendly expression.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: If this is a trick, you’re going
dialog: to leave here in worse shape than
dialog: you’re in now!
text: As they walk to the kitchen, Alberto looks at him and
text: sees that Salvador has deteriorated.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: What’s going on? Are you on hunger
dialog: strike?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Ironic) The bad life.
scene_heading: 72. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. INT. DAY.
text: They come into the kitchen. On the table, there are
text: several sketches on sheets of paper and the text by
text: Cocteau. There are two chairs, one on each side of the
text: table. Salvador sits down, breathing heavily. He puts
text: his briefcase on the table and looks at the sketches.
text: They all show a man, a bed and another man, who is
text: usually on the bed reading a newspaper. Le bel
text: indifferent. Cocteau’s text is also next to the
text: sketches. Alberto sits across from Salvador.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Are you still thinking of doing
dialog: Cocteau in the Mirador?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Yes, but I’ve got lots of doubts.
dialog: The text is beautiful but it’s
dialog: outdated now. If you really give
dialog: me Addiction, I’ll go full out on
dialog: it. I’d have to inform the people
dialog: at the Mirador, of course.
text: Salvador opens his briefcase and takes out a block of
text: pages stapled together: the text of Addiction. He hands
dialog: it to Alberto.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Here it is.
text: He leaves it on the table. Alberto picks it up, he
dialog: can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Why the change of heart?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: (He doesn’t answer the question.)
dialog: I’ve made a few changes to the
dialog: text, bearing in mind that it’s
text: going to be spoken on a stage, and
dialog: I’ll tell you more if you invite
dialog: me to a coffee.
text: Alberto still can’t believe it. He starts preparing a
dialog: Nespresso coffee.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I don’t want to sign it. And don’t
dialog: say that it’s mine. I don’t want
dialog: to appear anywhere.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Very well. Will you direct me?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: That would help.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Give it to the people at the
dialog: theater, let them read it and
dialog: decide if they’re interested in
dialog: it, but don’t give them my name.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: So who’s the author?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: You, or we’ll invent a pseudonym.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: (Puzzled) No, no! I’1ll sign it!
dialog: But I don’t understand...
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: It’s a confessional text. I don’t
dialog: want anyone identifying me.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: OK.
scene_heading: 73. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. KITCHEN. INT. DAY.
speaker_heading: (CONT’ D)
text: Alberto is puzzled. Salvador drinks his coffee. They
text: get up and go over to the desk, next to the window that
text: looks out on the tree trunks. On the way, Salvador
text: gives him indications, serious.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: About the staging. A screen and a
dialog: chair if you don’t know what to do
dialog: with your arms and legs.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I know exactly what to do with my
text: arms and legs.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Critical) After correcting it, I
dialog: admit that the text is a bit
text: melodramatic now.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Don’t worry, I can do melodrama.
dialog: My years in Mexico will come in
dialog: handy.
text: They sit on opposite sides of the desk.
scene_heading: 74. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. KITCHEN.INT. DAY.
speaker_heading: (CONT’ D)
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: That’s why I’m telling you. You
dialog: have to avoid any sentimentality.
dialog: Control the emotion. Don’t cry.
dialog: Actors take any opportunity to
dialog: cry. The best actor isn’t the one
text: who cries but the one to fights to
text: hold back his tears.
text: Alberto realizes that Salvador can’t help directing
text: him. It amuses him and touches him. He stands up.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Let me give you a kiss!
text: He takes Salvador’s face in his hands and gives him a
text: friendly kiss on the lips, a kiss of gratitude.
text: Salvador, motionless, lets him do it.
text: Alberto goes back to his seat across from Salvador and
text: dives into the text of Addiction with urgency. Without
text: taking his eyes off the text:
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I’m going to start working now, if
dialog: you don’t mind. You can stay, if
dialog: you like, make yourself at home.
dialog: (He points to the social area, the
text: couch and a table covered with
dialog: magazines.) By the way, I’ve got a
dialog: pile of magazines from the 80s,
dialog: you’re in some of them, dressed as
text: a woman.
text: Salvador smiles and shrugs.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: You soon forgot those times.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: First invite me. And give me the
dialog: address of your dealer. Tell him
dialog: I’ll go myself for the material.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: You don’t have to. They bring it
dialog: to your house now, like pizza.
text: Alberto opens a drawer and hands him the material, the
dialog: whole set.
scene_heading: 75. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. INT. DAY. (CONT’D)
text: Salvador lights the foil, inhales the smoke and offers
text: it to Alberto. Without interrupting his reading of the
text: text, Alberto shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: No. Not yet.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I’m reducing the doses, just
dialog: enough so I can work.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Can you do it?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: How do you think I made it to
dialog: here?
text: Salvador looks at him as if to say “You haven’t exactly
dialog: made it very far”.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
text: Going in and out. It’s slavery.
dialog: But this piece is vital for me,
dialog: and I have to do it as cleanly as
dialog: I can. I don’t want to lose one
dialog: iota of the emotion you’ve put
dialog: into these pages.
text: Salvador is pensive and he’s feeling the effect of the
text: drug. He thinks of the emotion, the pain and the
text: frustration he put down on those pages, and he doesn’t
dialog: understand what it is that attracts Alberto so much.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Will you come and see me?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I don’t know, I think not.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: This time I’m not doing
dialog: Shakespeare or Chekhov or Lorca.
dialog: I’m doing you.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Inexpressive, deep voice) If you
dialog: do it badly, I’1l feel terrible,
dialog: and if you do it well... I’1l feel
dialog: much worse.
text: Alberto reads in a murmur:
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: “The cinema of my childhood always
dialog: smells of piss...
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: and of jasmine...
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: and of the summer breeze.”
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 76. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. INT. DAY.
text: In the social area, Alberto is dozing in a comfortable
text: wing chair. Over his close-up we start to hear, with
text: increasing volume, the long instrumental introduction
text: to La vie en rose, in the disco version by Grace Jones.
scene_heading: 77. SALA MIRADOR. INT. DAY.
text: The interior of the Sala Mirador, the stage below
text: facing an amphitheater of ten rows of seats.
text: The images correspond to what Alberto imagines while he
text: reads the text: a rehearsal without an audience. A
text: theater employee in the background. We still hear La
text: vie en rose. Alberto dances in front of the white
text: screen. There is a large radio cassette on the floor.
text: The room is empty. When the musical introduction ends,
text: the actor turns off the radio cassette and continues
text: with the monologue.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I met Marcelo in a washroom full
dialog: of people. It wasn’t the first
dialog: time I’d seen him, but it was that
text: night, after casually brushing
dialog: against each other, when I
dialog: discovered that I liked that boy.
dialog: We spent the whole weekend in bed
dialog: and, by the time I realized, a
dialog: year had passed and we couldn’t
dialog: live without each other. It was
dialog: 1981, and Madrid was ours.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 78. SALA MIRADOR. INT. DAY. (THE REHEARSAL CONTINUES)
text: Empty theater. The wall behind the screen isn’t black
text: now, it’s red. A large red surface surrounding the
text: white screen.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: One day I found Marcelo looking
text: paler than usual. Recently he had
text: lost weight and was drawn looking.
dialog: I asked him if he wasn’t feeling
dialog: well and he confessed that he’d
dialog: started fooling around with
dialog: heroin. I was surprised because
dialog: I’d never taken it. I drank and I
dialog: snorted cocaine, like everyone,
dialog: but never heroin. I sensed that it
dialog: wasn’t good and I didn’t like it.
dialog: I was going flat out, I was
dialog: writing a nighttime chronicle, I
dialog: was participating in music
dialog: programs. I prepared my first
dialog: film, I shot it, it was released,
dialog: it was a success, I wrote the
dialog: second, I shot it. I was doing a
dialog: thousand things, I wasn’t
dialog: sleeping. Meanwhile Marcelo was
text: languishing on the couch at home
dialog: or shut away in the bathroom...
scene_heading: 79. EMBAJADORES NEIGHBORHOOD. EXT. DAY.
text: Federico is a man a little over 50, attractive. He
text: observes everything he sees as he walks along with a
text: nostalgic expression. He doesn’t seem like a tourist.
dialog: In fact, he lived in Madrid a long time ago and he is
text: looking at how the neighborhood has changed.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO OFF
dialog: «or out of the house, somewhere I
dialog: didn’t know.
text: He arrives at a building. He looks at it closely, at
text: the windows. With his cell phone he takes a photo of
text: the facade and of one specific window.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO OFF
dialog: I'd spend the night coming and
dialog: going to the window, always
dialog: listening for the sound of the
dialog: door.
text: Federico passes next to an alternative theater, the
dialog: Sala Mirador. It didn’t exist when he lived on that
dialog: street.
text: He looks at the posters announcing the work that is
text: being staged, Addiction, by Alberto Crespo, and also
text: performed by him. Federico knows him, something to do
text: with a past in Madrid which the spectator doesn’t know
dialog: for the moment.
text: He looks at his watch, the performance is starting in
text: fifteen minutes and it’s very short.
scene_heading: 80. SALA MIRADOR. INT. DAY.
text: The theater, a very intimate place, about 150 seats, is
dialog: packed. Although we only see Alberto, we sense that the
text: audience fills the theater. We hear him breathing.
text: On the stage, there is now a chair (a very light one)
text: and the general shot is more balanced, otherwise it
text: would seem that the screen is floating in space.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Madrid had become a difficult
dialog: bullring, as bullfighting fans
dialog: say, so we traveled continuously
dialog: anything so as to get out of
dialog: Madrid.
dialog: The first days were the worst.
dialog: While Marcelo was recovering from
dialog: withdrawal symptoms, I looked
dialog: after him and wrote. I don’t know
dialog: how, but I wrote. Marcelo was very
dialog: young, the symptoms didn’t last
dialog: long, three or four days. Then
dialog: we’d go out on the street and have
dialog: fun, like children.
text: In the stalls, Federico, amazed, is watching closely
text: what is happening on the stage.
scene_heading: 81. SALA MIRADOR. INT. NIGHT.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: (Evoking) I remember the Ivory
text: Coast. Dozens of muscular, young
text: men, washing clothes in the river
text: on wheel rims, and spreading them
text: on the grass.
text: Photos are projected on the screen, illustrating the
dialog: text.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I remember the Malecon in Havana,
text: by day and night. The women at the
text: windows of peeling buildings, with
text: magnificent pillars holding up
dialog: decades of scarcity and joy of
text: living. Old Havana, beating softly
text: to the rhythm of unceasing
text: percussions.
text: Images and the corresponding sound. And among the
text: spectators, Federico, captivated and astonished. Very
text: involved in the content of the monologue.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I. remember Mexico City. Marcelo
dialog: and I in the hotel room, drunk on
text: tequila, listening to Chavela
dialog: Vargas singing The Night of my
dialog: Love.
text: The voice of Chavela Vargas resounds in the space, the
text: theater is too small for it. The spectators listen to
text: it, paralyzed, so does the actor, as if the song has
text: taken them all by surprise.
dialog: “I want the joy of a ship returning,
text: And a thousand bells of glory pealing
dialog: To toast the night of my love”.
text: Suddenly Alberto gestures to the stage manager to
text: interrupt the song, as if he doesn’t have the strength
text: to hold back the flood of tears caused by Chavela’s
text: voice. The spectator can’t know if that gesture is the
text: result of improvisation or if it’s been rehearsed
dialog: beforehand. Impossible to know, but the effect
text: increases the emotion of the piece.
text: In the audience, Federico gets a lump in his throat. He
text: can’t hold back his tears.
scene_heading: 82. SALA MIRADOR. INT. NIGHT.
text: Sitting on the chair, huddled up, tormented, in a soft
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Those journeys, the only reason
dialog: for which was to escape from
dialog: Madrid, to escape from heroin,
dialog: became my best school. On those
dialog: journeys I found inspiration for
dialog: the stories I would tell years
dialog: later and the colors that would
text: illuminate them.
dialog: But we couldn’t spend our lives
dialog: traveling. Sooner or later we had
dialog: to go back to Madrid. And Madrid
dialog: Cut.
dialog: 83.
text: Alberto gets up,
dialog: was a dead end street, a
dialog: minefield.
scene_heading: SALA MIRADOR. INT. NIGHT.
text: he brings the chair over to the front
text: row to speak more intimately to the spectators.
text: He moves again to one edge of the screen.
dialog: 84.
dialog: Alberto,
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I was desperate, I didn’t know
dialog: what to do, except repeat myself.
dialog: We both repeated ourselves for
dialog: three long years. I believed that
dialog: the strength of my love would
dialog: overcome his addiction. But it
dialog: wasn’t so. Love isn’t enough. Love
dialog: may move mountains but it isn’t
dialog: enough to save the person you
dialog: love.
scene_heading: SALA MIRADOR. INT. NIGHT.
text: split in two by the light that outlines and
text: projects his shadow on the white screen. The image
text: recalls the beginning of the monologue.
text: edges of the screen.
text: The lights goes out,
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
text: Under the whitewashed wall where
dialog: the films of my childhood were
dialog: projected, I prayed that nothing
dialog: would happen to the leading
dialog: ladies, but I didn’t succeed,
dialog: neither with Nathalie Wood nor
dialog: with Marilyn. Then I tried to save
dialog: Marcelo and save myself. If
dialog: Marcelo was saved it was far from
dialog: me. And as for me.. I stayed in
dialog: Madrid. And the cinema saved me.
text: very intense light.
dialog: 85.
dialog: He touches the
text: only the white screen gives off a
scene_heading: SALA MIRADOR. ALBERTO’S DRESSING ROOM. INT.
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
text: Federico knocks on the door of Alberto’s dressing room.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO OFF
dialog: Come in.
text: Federico opens the door and goes in. Alberto and the
dialog: visitor study each other mutually.
text: In the light of the dressing room Alberto seems
text: different, calm, tired. He speaks with the calmness of
text: someone who feels realized. The two men have been
text: affected by the performance, both the actor and the
text: spectator and virtual co-protagonist.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Good evening.
text: He doesn’t know how to begin.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Hello. Do we know each other?
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Yes.
text: Alberto looks him up and down and likes him.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I don’t remember you.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: It was a long time ago, when you
dialog: were preparing Sabor, with
dialog: Salvador Mallo.
text: Alberto becomes aware of the situation. He hasn’t
text: recognized the visitor but he knows who he is. He lies:
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I don’t remember.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: We saw each other two or three
dialog: times. I’m Federico, the Marcelo
dialog: from your monologue.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Did you like it?
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: I don’t know. “Like” isn’t the
dialog: word. It really affected me.
text: Alberto offers him a chair across from him, next to the
text: dressing table with make-up and in front of the mirror
text: framed by light bulbs. Stuck in the edges of the mirror
text: are lots of photos of Alberto, unrecognizable because
text: of the respective make-up and costumes. Half of the
text: space in the dressing room is taken up by a mixture of
text: bits and pieces from the theater, remains of other
text: plays. On the walls there is the poster for Taste and
text: one for Hamlet in its theatrical version.
text: Federico accepts the invitation and sits across from
text: Alberto, who covers himself with a maroon colored
dialog: dressing gown.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Sit down. I imagine you want to
dialog: ask me some questions.
text: Federico doesn’t sit down.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Is Salvador alive?
text: Alberto looks at him, thinking what to answer, and how
text: far he can go with his answers.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 86. STREETS AROUND THE THEATER. EXT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 87. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. BEDROOM. INT. NIGHT.
dialog: Sequences 86 and 87 alternate.
text: Alberto walks along the streets around the theater
text: while he calls Salvador on his phone. He’s probably
text: walking down the same street where Salvador lived with
text: Federico. Salvador is lying in bed, reading. He sees
text: that Alberto is calling him, he picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: How was the performance tonight?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: A full house. It’s a pity the
dialog: theater is so small.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: It’s better like that, you gain in
dialog: intimacy.
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Today there was a very intimate
dialog: spectator.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: I’ll tell you if you promise to
dialog: come and see me in the theater.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: Who was that very intimate
dialog: spectator?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Federico.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Federico who?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Federico Delgado. Your Marcelo, he
dialog: came to see me in the dressing
dialog: room.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: Cut.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Did he recognize the text?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: Every word. He asked for your
dialog: number and your address.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: Did you tell him anything else?
speaker_heading: ALBERTO
dialog: No. I said nothing about you
text: chasing dragons.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Thank you. I’1l1 go and see you one
dialog: day.
scene_heading: SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. (CONT’D)
text: The news affects him deeply. He’d expected a call from
dialog: Federico during, at least, all of the 80s. Now that it
text: is a real possibility, it disconcerts him. He looks at
text: the phone, he has just hung up. And he starts that old
text: waiting, he remembers himself in that same situation,
text: waiting for Federico day after day, night after night,
dialog: year after year.
text: For a moment, he has the impression that his life has
text: been a mirage, that time has stopped to wait beside
text: him. He remains sitting on the bed, with the phone in
text: his hand, waiting for Federico’s call.
text: His phone rings. A call from a number he hasn’t listed,
text: with lots of figures starting with 5521.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO OFF
dialog: Salvador?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO OFF
dialog: Is that you? I wouldn’t have
dialog: recognized you. This is Federico.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Federico!
text: He gets up and walks through the house while he talks
text: on the phone.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO OFF
dialog: I’m in Madrid...
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Oh, and what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: FEDERICO OFF
dialog: I’ve come to see some lawyers,
dialog: about an inheritance. I’m leaving
dialog: tomorrow night.. and I’d like to
dialog: see you...
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I’d like that too.
text: He hesitates, disconcerted. He arrives at the window
text: that looks out on the terrace, next to the window full
dialog: of glass vessels.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: .But I was in bed. Do you mind if
dialog: we meet tomorrow?
scene_heading: 89. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 90. SALVADOR’ S HOUSE/FRONT DOOR. EXT. NIGHT.
dialog: Sequences 89 and 90 alternate.
text: Salvador is at the window that looks out on the street,
text: next to the terrace. Out of the corner of his eye, he
text: sees a man in the doorway of his building. He can’t
text: make out his features, the man is talking on a cell
dialog: phone.
text: Salvador gets a lump in his throat. He doesn’t see him
text: clearly, but he knows that it’s Federico (Marcelo in
dialog: the monologue). Federico has had the delicacy to call
text: on the phone before turning up at his house. That
text: gesture touches him.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Would midday suit you? I have a
dialog: meeting in the afternoon with the
dialog: lawyer.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Perfect.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: I haven’t asked, how are you?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Old.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: (Warmly) Five years older than me,
dialog: not one more.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Tenderly) And how are you?
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: (Relieved) Better now. When I left
dialog: the theater I was devastated... I’ve
dialog: been seeing Addiction.
text: He says this as if he has just got through a very tough
dialog: test.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: How did you know it was on?
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: By chance, I went for a walk
dialog: around the neighborhood, to take a
dialog: look at our street. I was outside
dialog: our house.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: (He is delighted and surprised.)
dialog: Ah...
text: Salvador is touched, as if he’s discovered the
text: coincidence for the first time.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Of course, and the theater is a
text: bit farther along.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: I went in to pass the time and
dialog: because I remembered Alberto
dialog: Crespo from your film.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: And you found yourself, suddenly?!
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Yes. Suddenly!
text: Brief pause.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: (Honest, humble) I don’t know how
dialog: to apologize. I never imagined how
dialog: you were feeling, all that you
dialog: suffered.
text: Salvador looks at Federico in the darkness of the
text: street while he listens to his confession over the
text: phone: a man alone in the night, talking to the door of
text: the building, with his back to the deserted street,
dialog: asking him for forgiveness.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: It was a good school.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Nothing. You don’t have to
dialog: apologize. I didn’t do anything I
dialog: didn’t want to do, Federico. I
dialog: tried to help you as far as I
dialog: could...
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: And I’m grateful to you, and I’d
dialog: like to able to prove it to you
dialog: some day.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Listen, I don’t think I’1l be able
dialog: to sleep after this. Will you give
dialog: me twenty minutes to get showered
dialog: and dressed and we’ll meet at my
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Alright.
scene_heading: 91. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. BEDROOM. INT. NIGHT.
text: Salvador goes back to his bedroom. He opens the chest
text: of drawers. He has hidden the paper of heroin at the
text: back, camouflaged among the medicines, perhaps it’s in
text: a cassette tape. He prepares a little line of heroin on
text: top of the chest of drawers. He hesitates, he thinks
text: about what he’s doing. He thinks better of it and ends
text: up blowing the line away, its contents hang in the air
text: for an instant and disintegrate before they reach the
dialog: floor.
text: He chooses the clothes he’s going to wear. A shirt and
text: pants. He puts them on the bed.
dialog: Cut.
text: He’s dressed now. He puts on some loafers with the help
text: of a shoehorn some 30 inches long that saves him from
text: having to bend forward.
scene_heading: 92. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT.
text: The house is in semi-darkness, as usual. In any case,
text: there is more light than when Alberto came. Low lights.
text: Only the paintings have their own directional light.
text: The entry phone buzzes.
scene_heading: 93. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. NIGHT.
text: We hear the buzz of the entry phone. Empty kitchen.
text: Salvador comes in, dressed, and presses the button on
text: the entry phone. Then he goes out to open the door,
text: nervous, impatient, excited, uncertain.
scene_heading: 94. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. LANDING/DOOR/ELEVATOR. INT.
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: There’s no one on the landing. The elevator arrives
text: giving a little jolt, the door opens and Federico steps
text: out. Salvador is waiting for him with the door open.
text: Both smile. Federico walks to Salvador’s door. They
text: both have just enough time to scan each other (in the
text: short distance from the elevator to the door). Both
dialog: look in the other for some vestige of who they were
dialog: some 30-odd years before.
scene_heading: 95. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DOOR (INSIDE). INT. NIGHT
text: They embrace. A sincere, intense, unhurried embrace.
text: (Salvador is glad he hasn’t taken anything.) The
text: physical contact helps them lose their inhibitions. In
text: the phone conversation both were nervous.
text: They separate.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Affectionately) It’s been so
dialog: long!
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Yes.
dialog: It’s a way of apologizing.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Would you have recognized me if
dialog: you'd seen me in the street?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I’d have had to look closely, but
dialog: yes. Your eyes are the same.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: I’m sorry I got you out of bed.
text: Salvador shakes his head, making light of it.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 96. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. NIGHT.
text: They move into the house. Federico looks at everything
text: with curiosity. He recognizes Salvador’s coloristic
dialog: style.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: (Admiringly) This looks like a
dialog: museum.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I invested all that I’ve earned in
dialog: this house and in these paintings.
dialog: T’ll give you a tour later.
dialog: What’11 you have?
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Anything, coffee, if you have any.
dialog: (Insinuating, half joking)
dialog: Tequila? In honor of Chavela? I
dialog: couldn’t hold back my tears when
dialog: you mention her in the monologue.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Happy) Tequila! To celebrate our
dialog: reunion and in honor of Chavela.
text: Salvador takes a bottle of tequila and two shot glasses
text: from one of the cupboards.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: (Looking at everything) I like
dialog: your house.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Where do you live?
text: Salvador pours the tequila, they both drink a toast.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: In Buenos Aires.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: You had an uncle in Buenos Aires
dialog: didn’t you?
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Yes. I went there in ’85.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Calculating) So soon?
dialog: Cut.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT.
text: They drink and talk sitting across from each other in
text: the two Cassina armchairs, near the terrace. On
dialog: little
dialog: tequil
text: auxiliary table, on a tray, the
dialog: a.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: I’ll give you a summary. After... we
dialog: separated, I stayed with my
dialog: parents for a year. At that time,
dialog: the heroin routes didn’t pass
dialog: through Argentina, so I went there
dialog: to my uncle. I started working
dialog: with him in his restaurant. I
dialog: couldn’t take heroin because there
dialog: wasn’t any. It was the best way to
dialog: quit.
text: He pauses.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: I met Lucrecia, we got married and
dialog: that’s it so far. Now I have my
dialog: own restaurant. I have two grown
dialog: sons and I only came back to
dialog: Galicia to see my parents. This is
dialog: the first time I’ve set foot in
dialog: Madrid... As you say in the piece,
dialog: Madrid had become a difficult
dialog: bullring for me, a minefield. It’s
dialog: a pity that you lived here.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Almost apologizing) I needed
dialog: Madrid, I needed you too, but not
dialog: under those conditions.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: “Love isn’t enough to save the
dialog: person you love”. You say it in
dialog: your monologue.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Serious, sad) Let’s not talk
dialog: about the monologue, it’s a very
dialog: sad text.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: bottle
dialog: a
dialog: of
dialog: I felt a lot better when you said
dialog: that while you were looking after
dialog: me you continued to develop as a
dialog: writer and filmmaker. Did you
dialog: really feel like that?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Almost a declaration of love) You
dialog: didn’t interrupt anything,
dialog: Federico, on the contrary. You
dialog: filled my life like nothing and no
dialog: one has done until now.
text: He makes an effort to change the tone, more animated.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: So you haven’t been back in Madrid
dialog: since then...
scene_heading: 98. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DINING ROOM. INT. NIGHT.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: No. But I followed everything you
dialog: did. And I was delighted when I
text: recognized a scene that was
dialog: obviously inspired by us. Every
dialog: film of yours was an event in my
dialog: life and I was so proud that you
dialog: were a success all around the
dialog: world. You’re the only Spanish
dialog: director my family knows.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Your new family...
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Do they know anything else?
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: You mean about us?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: My wife.. Well, my ex-wife, we’re
dialog: separating.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: I told her... She doesn’t know it’s
dialog: you.. She knows I was with a man in
dialog: Madrid for three years. And I also
dialog: told one of my sons... to encourage
dialog: him.. (He smiles.)
text: Salvador nods.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: With time I’ll tell him that it
dialog: was you. He’s a real film lover
dialog: and he’d never forgive me if I
dialog: didn’t tell him.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: And do you have a partner now?
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Yes. And you?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: No. A man or a woman?
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: A woman, my experience with men
dialog: ended with you.
text: After a brief, intense silence.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I don’t know how to take that.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Take it as a compliment.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 99. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM/VIDEO LIBRARY. INT.
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
text: In front of the television. On a couch and in front of
text: a coffee table. The sequence begins with a close-up of
text: Federico’s phone. On the screen we see a picture of one
text: of his sons. We hear Federico off screen saying his
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
text: This is Mauro, the younger one.
text: He slides his index finger over the screen. The older
text: son appears.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: This is Federico. He’s 22 now.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: He looks very like you.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Yes. He’s the one I told.
text: Salvador is moved by the trust and by the resemblance
dialog: between father and son. It’s like finding the Federico
dialog: who left, the Federico that he knew and loved... He looks
text: at the Federico in the photo and at the one next to
text: him, his father. And indeed they’re identical, except
dialog: for the age difference.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: They’re both very handsome.
text: Salvador pours another two shots of tequila.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: (More relaxed) You have to come to
dialog: Buenos Aires. You’ll love the city
dialog: and I’m sure it’1ll inspire you. I
dialog: want you to meet my family and eat
dialog: in my restaurant. We’ll get drunk
dialog: together.
text: Salvador appreciates the invitation, but he doesn’t
dialog: commit himself.
scene_heading: 100. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DOOR (INSIDE). INT. NIGHT.
text: Salvador and Federico hug each other tightly near the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: For the old days.
text: He brings his lips to Salvador’s and they kiss for a
dialog: long time.
text: The kiss and the contact of their bodies arouse both of
text: them. Still embracing, their foreheads touching, each
text: one feels the other’s breath on his face.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Do you want me to stay and sleep
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Of course I do, but we’re going to
dialog: close our story as God intended.
speaker_heading: FEERICO
dialog: We never cared about God. And we
dialog: can close our story just as well
dialog: tomorrow morning.
text: Salvador shakes his head, he is disturbed by the kiss
text: and by what it has kindled in both of them.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: (He smiles to make light of his
dialog: words.) I’d delighted to see that
dialog: you still get aroused with me.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: Same here. You got aroused too.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes.
text: Salvador opens the door.
speaker_heading: FEERICO
dialog: I’m going. You’re right, as usual.
dialog: But remember that you’ve promised
dialog: to come to Buenos Aires.
text: And he goes out.
scene_heading: 101. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. LANDING/ELEVATOR. INT. NIGHT.
text: Salvador sees him take the few steps that separate him
text: from the elevator.
text: Federico presses the down button and turns to Salvador.
text: He gives him a delighted smile.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Have a good trip.
speaker_heading: FEDERICO
dialog: I’11l call to remind you.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes.
text: He gets into the elevator and disappears.
scene_heading: 102. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DOOR (INSIDE) INT. NIGHT.
text: Salvador closes the door, trembling with emotion.
scene_heading: 103. SALVADOR’ S HOUSE. BEDROOM AND BATHROOM. INT.
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
text: He comes into his room. Urgently, he takes the paper of
text: heroin from the back of the chest of drawers. He puts
text: it on the top and looks at it with delight.
text: He takes it, throws it down the toilet and flushes the
dialog: cistern.
scene_heading: 104. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. NIGHT.
text: On the worktop in the kitchen, under the painting by
text: Dis Berlin, Salvador gets ready to crush five different
text: colored tablets. In a close-up we see the tablets,
text: which are already covered by transparent paper. In the
text: same shot, a psychopath-sized knife, the phone and a
text: liter-bottle of liquid yogurt.
text: Salvador takes the knife and crushes the tablets with
text: the handle. When he has reduced them to a powder, or
text: almost, he calls Mercedes and puts the phone on
text: speaker. He is giving the last blows to the tablets
text: when Mercedes’ voice comes over the phone.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES OFF
dialog: Yes, Salvador?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Is this a good time?
scene_heading: 105. MERCEDES’ HOUSE. BEDROOM. INT. NIGHT.
text: Mercedes is in bed, she switches on the light and tries
dialog: to sound awake.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: Yes, yes. (She sits up, she looks
dialog: at the clock.) Go ahead. Is
dialog: anything wrong?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I’d like to see Dr. Galindo as
dialog: soon as possible.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (Puzzled) What have you taken?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: Nothing. A tranquilizer two hours
text: ago and a few shots of tequila.
dialog: Now I’m going to have my nightly
dialog: ration of tablets, crushed up,
text: with liquid yogurt.
text: However it may be, Mercedes is happy to get his call
text: and she makes the most of it.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Do you want to see the
dialog: gastroenterologist too?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes, as soon as possible.
text: They say goodbye.
scene_heading: 106. HOSPITAL. PAIN UNIT. CORRIDOR. INT. DAY.
text: A sign next to the open door of the office says that
text: they are in the Pain Unit. Mercedes and Salvador wait
text: on some chairs. The wall behind them is totally covered
text: by wallpaper showing a very twee spring landscape, with
text: strident colors and without nuances, very digital.
text: On the ceiling there are four video screens with scenes
text: of white clouds crossing a blue sky. They create a
text: supposedly pleasant atmosphere that raises the
dialog: patients’ spirits.
text: Salvador looks at the ceiling. He sits for a while
text: contemplating the clouds in a sky of an impossible
text: blue. The spectacle makes him smile. He remembers the
dialog: first time he entered the cave in Paterna and
text: discovered the sky through the skylight and called his
dialog: mother to come and see it.
text: A woman behind the reception desk gestures to them and
dialog: tells them they can go in.
scene_heading: 107. HOSPITAL. PAIN UNIT. DR. GALINDO’S OFFICE. INT.
speaker_heading: DAY.
text: They go into Dr. Galindo’s little office. The three
text: know each other. Mercedes and Salvador sit on the other
text: side of the desk. The doctor is an empathetic man of
text: about 45. He transmits authority without effort. A film
text: lover. He has a photo of John Huston on the wall,
text: during the filming of The Dead, sitting in a wheelchair
text: and with a drip or a nose clip for oxygen. He treats
text: them with familiarity.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Thank you for finding time to see
dialog: us, doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: Well, tell me, Salvador.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: The pains in my back are killing
dialog: me. The oxycodone does very little
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: We’1l have to change your
dialog: analgesic. Why didn’t you come
dialog: sooner?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I was feeling very low.
text: A gesture from Mercedes confirms Salvador’s words.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: He’s been very depressed.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: What have you done to deal with
dialog: the pain?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I’ve started taking heroin.
text: A moment of uncomfortable silence. The doctor looks at
text: him, surprised rather than scandalized. He knows that
text: Salvador is being serious. He looks at Mercedes’ face.
text: She remains silent. She found out the previous day
dialog: (although we haven’t witnessed this moment).
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: And... are you intending to keep
dialog: taking it?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: No, that’s why I’m here.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: How often did you take it?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Every two or three days. In the
dialog: end, every other day, smoked on
text: tinfoil.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: When was the last time you took
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: The night before last. Will I have
dialog: withdrawal symptoms?
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
text: Some, but with a compassionate,
dialog: controlled detoxification you
dialog: won’t suffer.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Compassionate and controlled?
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: Yes, that’s what it’s called. Do
dialog: you have anyone to help you?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Yes. I’1l be with him.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: How have you controlled this day
dialog: and a half without it?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: With tranquilizers and a will of
dialog: iron.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: You’re going to need that will of
dialog: iron, because your mind knows the
dialog: effect of heroin now and that’s
dialog: something you don’t forget.
text: Those last words are engraved in the minds of Mercedes
text: and Salvador. The doctor looks in the computer at the
dialog: file with all the clinical information about the
text: patient and his pharmacopoeia.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: Are you still taking Patxibi, for
dialog: your headaches?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes. And all the other things, for
dialog: asthma, blood pressure, insomnia...
dialog: But most of all I need you to help
dialog: me with the back pains and the
dialog: migraines too. They leave me
text: completely paralyzed.
text: The doctor nods. He revises the file and takes out a
text: prescription pad. He starts to fill one. He changes his
text: tone, more optimistic.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: I understand. Have you any
dialog: project, Salvador?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: To improve my quality of life.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: I’m talking about work. It would
dialog: do you good to be busy. Don’t you
dialog: miss it?
text: Mercedes looks at him in silence. She and Salvador have
dialog: already talked about this on several occasions and she
dialog: knows the answer. It’s a question that always hurts
dialog: Salvador.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Almost reproaching him) I think
dialog: about it every day. But it isn’t a
dialog: question of missing it or not.
dialog: Filming is very physical work, and
dialog: unfortunately I’m in no shape to
dialog: do it. As a matter of fact, that’s
dialog: my biggest problem.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: There are people who are much
dialog: worse than you and they get on
dialog: with things.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I know, I know, but I haven’t been
dialog: able to. My mother died four years
dialog: ago and two years later I had an
dialog: operation on my back. I think I
dialog: still haven’t recovered from
dialog: either thing. I’m not good at
dialog: recovering. I need help, doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: Well, I’m going to change the
text: oxycodone for another opiate.
dialog: You’1l think about heroin. Watch
dialog: out for that. (To Mercedes) I’11
dialog: give you the prescriptions and
dialog: explain the guidelines.
text: Salvador stands up.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Do you mind if I go out to the
dialog: corridor and move around a little?
text: Salvador is very uncomfortable in every sense. He holds
text: out his hand to the doctor to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Thank you, doctor.
text: Mercedes tries to hide it, but she’s upset by the turn
text: the interview with the doctor has taken.
scene_heading: 108. HOSPITAL. PAIN UNIT. CONSULTANCY. INT. DAY.
speaker_heading: (CONT’ D)
text: Mercedes and Dr. Galindo are alone. He starts to fill
text: out the prescriptions.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: There’s something else.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: Something else?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Salvador chokes frequently. An
dialog: hour ago, when we were coming to
dialog: the hospital, he had a sip of
dialog: water and I thought he was going
dialog: to choke to death. The
dialog: gastroenterologist did an
dialog: endoscopy and he found a lump that
text: is pressing on his esophagus.
text: That’s why he chokes so easily.
dialog: (She touches her neck) And... we
dialog: don’t know what that lump is.
text: The doctor stops writing.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: Does he know?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: No. They’ve ordered a CAT scan to
dialog: be sure. The gastroenterologist
dialog: doesn’t rule out that it’s a
dialog: tumor.. What do I do? Do I tell
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: No. Spare him at least two days of
dialog: anguish and call me with the
text: results of the CAT scan.
scene_heading: 109. SALVADOR’ S HOUSE. GUEST ROOM AND MOTHER’S ROOM.
scene_heading: INT. DAY.
text: The bedroom window has the same curtains as Salvador’s.
text: A painting of the Virgin of the Rosary by Murillo hangs
text: above the headboard. His mother, Jacinta, lived in this
dialog: room during the last months of her life, while she was
text: constantly in and out of hospital, four years before.
dialog: (There’s no way to know this, or perhaps there is.)
text: They open a closet. Salvador tries to take out a set of
text: sheets. Mercedes stops him.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Let me do it.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Pick the set you like most.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Sit down, I’1ll change the sheets.
text: Mercedes looks at a rosary on top of one of the bedside
text: tables, next to a photo of Salvador’s parents. Salvador
text: sits in his mother’s wing chair. He looks at the
text: bedside table. There is a rosary spread out
text: deliberately, a framed photo of his paternal
text: grandparents and also a photo of his mother, Jacinta,
text: aged 30. And another of her with his father under
text: several strings of recently made chorizos and blood
text: sausages. On a lower shelf of the bedside table there
text: is a tin box, different from the one we saw in 1960,
dialog: but the same kind (where the mother kept her personal
dialog: mementoes) .
text: The sequence ends with an insert of the photos and the
text: rosary on the bedside table.
scene_heading: 110. SALVADOR’ S HOUSE. GUEST ROOM AND MOTHER’S ROOM.
scene_heading: INT. DAY. (FLASHBACK. FOUR YEARS BEFORE)
text: The mother, aged 84, in the same room, is sitting in
text: the same wing chair. She looks at the bedside table and
text: then looks up at the bedroom door through which
text: Salvador appears, four years before (fewer grey hairs).
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Give me the box, Salvador.
text: She’s talking about the tin box.
text: Salvador comes in with a snack on a tray. A glass of
text: milk and two dark colored madeleines on a plate. The
text: scene takes place with the natural light coming through
text: the window that looks out on a spacious patio.
text: Salvador leaves the snack on the bed and hands his
dialog: mother the tin box. It’s very pretty, a box of fine
text: confectionary from The Palace Pantry. A very intimate
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Here’s your snack.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I’m not eating those black
dialog: madeleines.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: They’ re wholegrain, mom.
text: The eternal battle.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: One day you’re going to bring me a
dialog: plate of alfalfa to eat because
dialog: now they say it’s good for you.
dialog: Come on, sit here, on the bed.
text: Salvador insists that at least she has to drink the
text: milk. He sits on the edge of the bed, facing her. The
text: bed is covered with a large hand-crocheted bedspread.
text: Near the wing chair we see the stick on which she leans
dialog: to walk. (A gift from Salvador. A quality stick.)
text: The mother has already opened the tin box. All her
text: attention is focused on its interior. The box contains
dialog: a great variety of objects, religious or pagan, all of
dialog: great symbolic and sentimental value. There are two
text: entangled rosaries, a little hard-backed book inside
dialog: which there is a prayer to St. Anthony, several little
text: boxes with religious images containing neck chains with
text: a crucifix or things like that, a few scapulars, a very
dialog: old pen which Salvador’s father gave her. And the
text: wooden egg. There is also a white cloth in which the
text: widow’s veil is carefully wrapped.
text: The mother takes out the two entangled rosaries and
text: starts untangling them.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Do you remember how you have to
dialog: lay me out?
text: Salvador looks at her, ever so slightly fed up. They’ve
dialog: already discussed that subject many times.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yeees.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: If we’re in the village, call
dialog: Petra, she’s used to it, and if I
dialog: die here, and I hope I don’t,
dialog: because I want to die in my own
dialog: bed, Maya and Mercedes will give
dialog: you a hand.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Do we have to talk about this now?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes.
text: The mother leaves the rosaries, now separated, on the
text: bedside table and looks inside the box again. She takes
text: a white cloth, a simple remnant of white material,
text: which protects the folded black mantilla. She takes out
text: the black mantilla as if it was a ritual and covers her
text: head with it. Her face is now framed by the black cloth
text: which reaches her waist.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (As she puts on the mantilla in
dialog: the traditional way) On my head, a
dialog: half mantilla, because I’m a
dialog: widow.
text: Salvador helps her finish putting on the mantilla, the
text: ritual affects him more than it does his mother who
dialog: does and says everything in a totally natural way.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: And the habit of Jesus of
text: Medinaceli, with its girdle.
text: The mother reminds him of the rest. She takes the more
text: used rosary and leaves the new one on the bedside
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That’s right, with its girdle. Put
dialog: a rosary between my hands. (She
text: shows him the one she has in her
dialog: hand.) Use this one, the old one.
dialog: I want you to keep the new one.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Wouldn’t you prefer the new one?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No. And I want to go barefoot. If
dialog: they tie my feet to bury me, you
dialog: untie them and say I asked you to.
dialog: The place I’m going to, I want to
dialog: go in very lightly.
text: Even though he has heard it many times, Salvador is
text: always struck by those last words, light footed.
text: Jacinta takes an old pen out of the tin box. Salvador
text: sees in the box the wooden egg with which he remembers
text: her darning a sock the night they spent in the station.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: Your father gave me this pen. With
dialog: it I wrote all my letters to him
dialog: when we were courting.
text: Salvador points to the wooden egg inside the box.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: And the wooden egg, mom?
text: Jacinta takes it out of the box.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I darned so much with this egg! Of
dialog: all these things it’s the one with
dialog: least value.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Then give it to me!
text: Jacinta hands him the egg. She doesn’t understand what
dialog: it is about that particular humble object that makes
dialog: Salvador choose it over everything else, the pen, for
dialog: example.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Here, you’ve just inherited it.
text: Salvador holds it in his fingers and looks at it as if
dialog: it were a magic object.
scene_heading: 111. | SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. NIGHT (THE
speaker_heading: PRESENT)
text: Salvador takes something creamy, a liquid yogurt or a
text: fine purée. It’s Mercedes who is eating a wholegrain
text: madeleine dunking it in her cup of tea. Just as Jacinta
dialog: liked to do, but with madeleines that weren’t
dialog: wholegrain.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Recently I’ve been thinking a lot
dialog: about her.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: In Dr. Galindo’s office you said
dialog: that you still hadn’t got over
dialog: your mother’s death. I didn’t
dialog: know...
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: When I’m dozing, which is most of
dialog: the time, I always end up thinking
dialog: about my mother and my childhood.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: But you never talked about her or
dialog: about your childhood in your
dialog: films.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: My mother didn’t like it.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: You think not?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: She told me one of the last times
dialog: she was in hospital.
scene_heading: 112. HOSPITAL. INT. DAY (FLASHBACK. FOUR YEARS BEFORE)
text: Jacinta, 84, is sitting next to the bed in an armchair
text: that allows her to stretch out her legs. She is hooked
text: up to a drip. Beside her, sitting on an imitation
text: leather couch, Salvador runs his fingertips delicately
text: over one of her legs. Despite her age, Jacinta’s skin
text: is smooth and white, like that of a young woman.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Your legs are so clean, mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I took after my family in that.
dialog: There are no varicose veins in my
dialog: family.
text: She looks at him steadily, as if seeing right through
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What a pity, love!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You’1l have a very bad old age.
dialog: You take after your father’s
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Mom, the things you say! Come on,
dialog: tell me how you slept last night.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: So-so. I was with my neighbor Lola
dialog: all night.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: Salvador listens to her carefully.
dialog: mother is starting to lose it
text: any case, he thinks the story is delightful.
dialog: (Very surprised) Here, in the
dialog: room?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, no, in dreams. I dreamed about
dialog: her all night. (Tone of someone
dialog: telling a _ story) I had just
dialog: arrived in the village, and I
dialog: heard Lola knocking on my door, as
dialog: always when she heard me arriving
text: back from Madrid. Even though it
dialog: was a dream, I remembered that
dialog: Lola was dead, but I opened the
dialog: door, and there she was, just the
dialog: same as ever, except that she was
dialog: a bit transparent. I wasn’t scared
dialog: and I said to her: Lola, I suppose
dialog: you’re not happy and you want me
dialog: to do something, but you have to
dialog: tell me what it is and I promise
dialog: I’ll do it. (She does the two
dialog: voices in the conversation.) No,
dialog: Jacinta, I’m happy, she answered.
dialog: But how can you be happy?, I said
dialog: to her. If you were happy, you
dialog: wouldn’t appear.. I’m appearing to
dialog: you because my daughters would be
dialog: very scared.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: But why are you coming to the
dialog: village when it’s so cold? I don’t
dialog: feel cold or heat now, she
dialog: answered, and there’s no better
dialog: place to be than in your house.
dialog: You're right about that, I said.
text: Salvador encourages her to continue talking.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don’t get that storyteller look.
dialog: Don’t put this in any of your
dialog: films. I don’t like my neighbors
dialog: He thinks that his
dialog: (talking to the dead).
dialog: In
dialog: appearing. I don’t like
dialog: autofiction!
text: Salvador is amused to hear his mother talking about
dialog: autofiction.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: What do you know about
dialog: autofiction!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I heard you explain it in an
dialog: interview. My neighbors don’t like
dialog: you showing them, they think you
dialog: treat them like rednecks.
text: Salvador looks at her, astonished.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Mom, the things you say! I
dialog: couldn’t treat them with more
dialog: respect or devotion! Whenever I
dialog: can, I talk about you and I say
dialog: that you and the neighbors made me
dialog: what I am. I owe everything to
dialog: you.
text: The mother shakes her head in a gesture that ends up
dialog: being funny.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: They don’t like it.
scene_heading: 113. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. DAY. (FLASHBACK)
text: The house is almost the same as four years later,
text: perhaps there is a different painting in the kitchen.
text: The mother is sitting at the kitchen table.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Let’s go for a walk, you haven’t
dialog: moved today.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (She protests) I haven’t moved
dialog: because I had nowhere to go.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Well, now you do. Come on.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: To the hallway.
text: Jacinta is not in a good mood.
text: Salvador leads her by the arm, the mother taking very
text: short steps, down the long hallway (metaphor for time)
text: that crosses the house, where four years later her son
dialog: will walk from time to time. As well as on her son’s
text: arm, the mother leans on a stick.
text: Suddenly, Jacinta breaks the silence, without acrimony,
text: which makes it even more hurtful.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You haven’t been a good son.
text: Salvador looks at her, stunned.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No. You never forgave me _ for
dialog: recommending you to the pious
dialog: woman in Paterna. And I think you
dialog: took revenge for that. I didn’t
dialog: want you to go to the seminary
dialog: either, but we were poor.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Without getting upset, but hurt)
dialog: It’s true that I didn’t want to
dialog: go, but from that to wanting to
dialog: take revenge on you.. How can you
dialog: think that?
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 114. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. ON THE TERRACE. (CONT’D)
text: Salvador and his mother continue the conversation
text: sitting on the terrace.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: After you got your diploma, you
dialog: couldn’t wait to go to Madrid. And
dialog: when your father died, I asked if
dialog: you wanted me to live with you.
dialog: You wriggled out of it, you said
dialog: you were living a life that you
dialog: couldn’t share with me.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: And it was true. But not as you
dialog: understood it.
text: Salvador is surprised and upset by Jacinta’s restrained
dialog: cruelty.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I understood it perfectly. (I’m
dialog: very bad on my feet, but my mind
dialog: is as clear as a bell.)
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: When I wasn’t traveling, I was
dialog: filming. You couldn’t have put up
text: with the solitude of an apartment
dialog: in Madrid. That was no life for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I’d have looked after you. I’d
dialog: have adapted as I’ve adapted to so
dialog: many things. But you didn’t want
dialog: it. And that hurt me.
text: Jacinta is very firm, without raising her voice.
text: Salvador’s eyes glisten, he’s on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Mom, I’m very sorry I was never
dialog: the son you wanted. When you used
dialog: to say “Who has that child taken
dialog: after?”, you weren’t exactly
dialog: saying it with pride. And I
dialog: realized. I failed you, simply by
dialog: being as I am. And I’m very sorry.
text: The mother doesn’t answer, she maintains a dignified,
text: cruel silence. She doesn’t give an inch. It seems that
dialog: the confession (and the provocation it implied) have
text: unburdened her.
scene_heading: 115. SALVADOR’ S HOUSE. GUEST ROOM AND MOTHER’S ROOM.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT. (FLASHBACK. FOUR YEARS EARLIER)
text: Salvador covers his mother with the eiderdown. Mother
text: and son are closer than in the other sequences.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Pass me St. Anthony.
text: Salvador takes a holy card of St. Anthony from the
dialog: bedside table.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I’ll pray for you tonight.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Salvador, I brought you into this
dialog: world and I slaved so you could
dialog: get ahead.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I know, mom.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (Pleading) Take me back to the
dialog: village. That’s my last and only
dialog: wish.
text: An explicit, firm wish that doesn’t allow for a common
dialog: sense answer: that she is sick and that whether in the
dialog: village or in Madrid she’1ll be constantly in and out of
dialog: hospital.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Very well. We’1l go to the
dialog: village. With Maya, so she can do
dialog: the housework. I’11 look after you
dialog: day and night. This time I won’t
dialog: fail you, mom.
scene_heading: 116. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN INT. DAY. (THE PRESENT)
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Bitter) But I couldn’t keep my
dialog: promise. The next day I had to
dialog: take her back to the hospital.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: You did what you could.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes, but she wanted to die in the
dialog: village. And I’d promised to take
dialog: her there. The poor thing died in
text: the ICU of a hospital, alone.
scene_heading: 117. HOSPITAL. RADIOLOGY WAITING ROOM. INT. DAY
text: Mercedes and Salvador wait outside the radiologist’s
text: office. To kill time (and to distract him), Mercedes
text: shows him the invitations she’s brought from her house
dialog: and some mail.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: You’re invited to give a talk in
dialog: Iceland. It’s well paid.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I don’t understand how they can
dialog: like me so much in Iceland.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Neither do I.
text: There is an invitation from a second rate gallery for a
text: group exhibition. The work that illustrates the
text: invitation, on one side, shows a boy, bathed by an
text: overhead light, surrounded by flowerpots, reading a
text: book, on a floor of hydraulic tiles.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I didn’t throw it out because I
dialog: think the drawing has something.
text: Salvador looks at it, shocked. He starts to talk but
dialog: just then he’s called.
scene_heading: 118. HOSPITAL. CAT ROOM (COMMUNICATED WITH A LITTLE
scene_heading: GLASS WINDOW) INT. DAY.
text: Salvador closes his eyes and breathes. He lets his mind
text: wander as he slides inside the tunnel that projects the
text: radiation. The bangs at the beginning (as noisy as if
text: his own brain was provoking them) fade away. His mind
text: connects with Paterna, when he was a happy child, at
text: the start of the ‘60’s. We start to hear Mina’s voice
dialog: singing Come sinfonia.
scene_heading: 119. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. DAY. (1966)
text: The cave in which Salvador lives with his parents is
text: much more presentable than in the earlier memories,
text: although there is still some chipping and peeling. The
text: floor is leveled out with cement which joins up the
text: various patches of hydraulic tiles. There are beds in
text: the two “bedrooms”. Instead of doors, there are
text: curtains made with a combination of various scraps of
text: material sewn together. In the little patio, under the
text: skylight, there are several flowerpots with plants,
text: geraniums, etc. And a large earthenware jar, almost
text: three feet high, full of drinking water.
text: At that moment, the mother has gone to sew at the home
text: of the village’s pious woman, and the father is
text: drinking in the bar. It’s Sunday.
text: Eduardo, the young builder, is putting the last touches
text: to a surface of hydraulic tiles, above the two sinks,
text: which are now finished. He is dirty and sweaty, he’s
text: wearing short work pants and a white vest. There’s an
text: empty cement bag. Salvador-child hears him working.
text: He’s sitting in the patio, under a blazing sun that
text: comes through the skylight. On the worktop by the
text: sinks, a little transistor plays a song of the time,
dialog: Come sinfonia, sung by Mina.
text: Salvador is absorbed in his book and doesn’t realize
text: that the sun is beating down on his head and shoulders.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
text: (Tapping the tiles gently so they
dialog: stick to the wall) Hey, when’s
dialog: your mother coming back?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: At lunch time. When she goes to
text: sew at the pious woman’s house she
dialog: stays there all morning.
text: Eduardo finishes with the tiles, he wipes his hands on
text: his pants and turns to Salvador who is reading. He
text: looks at the scene in detail: the boy reading, the
text: overhead sunlight, the pots of red geraniums on the
text: floor and hanging on the walls, the hydraulic tiles
text: forming figures on the floor. The whole thing, together
text: with the song, is a composition of Impressionist
text: beauty. He takes a piece of brown paper which had been
text: wrapped around the bags of cement and puts it on a work
text: table, with trestles, on which he had stood to paint
text: the ceiling. He takes some pencils from a bag.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: Don’t move...
text: Salvador doesn’t move, he concentrates on the book,
text: obedient. He doesn’t realize that his head is burning.
text: Eduardo draws some lines on the brown paper. He pauses
text: on the boy’s eyes. With rapid strokes he captures the
text: oval of Salvador’s face, his uncombed hair, the bulrush
text: chair, the flowerpots, the floor... During the process he
text: gives instructions to Salvador, who obeys’ without
text: objecting. The silence and Mina’s song create a very
text: intimate atmosphere. When he finishes the first stage
text: of the drawing, Eduardo gets up and shows it to
dialog: Salvador.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: What do you think?
text: The boy looks at the drawing.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: It’s lovely.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: I still have to finish it. I’1ll
dialog: take it home and do it.
text: It’s the same drawing that Mercedes has just shown
text: Salvador, printed on the invitation.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 120. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. DAY.
text: Near the kitchen, on the floor, there is a basin full
dialog: of water.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: Do you mind if I get washed? Look
dialog: at the state I’m in.
text: He hasn’t dirtied just his clothes with the building
dialog: material, but also his arms, hands, etc. Salvador goes
text: to his parents’ room and brings him a bar of soap.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: Thank you.
text: Salvador doesn’t feel well. He goes to his room and
text: lies down on the bed while Eduardo undresses. In the
text: half light of the bedroom, Salvador’s cheeks, very red,
text: gleam with sweat.
text: Under the same overhead light which lit the child
text: before, Eduardo, naked, pours water all over his body
text: which gleams palely. He uses a plastic container for
dialog: this.
text: From his room, lying on the bed, Salvador listens
text: perturbed to the dull sound of the water against the
text: hydraulic tiles, after sliding over the builder’s naked
dialog: body.
text: When Eduardo finishes washing, he shouts to him:
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: Salvador! Will you bring me a
dialog: towel?
text: The boy gets up from his little bed and goes to his
text: parents’ room. He takes a towel from a pile of clean
text: clothes piled up on two chairs.
text: He goes out to the hallway and looks into the patio.
text: Eduardo’s naked body is gleaming under the light from
text: the skylight.
text: Salvador drops the towel. He bends down to pick it up
text: and when he tries to straighten up he feels dizzy and
text: collapses on the floor.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 121. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE.BEDROOM. INT. DAY.
text: Salvador lies on the bed. Eduardo is sitting at his
text: side, on a low chair. He touches his cheeks and
text: forehead, worried.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: You’re burning up! You must have
dialog: got sunstroke.
text: Eduardo’s body is damp, his hair is wet and his wet tee
text: shirt is sticking to his torso.
text: They hear the door.
scene_heading: 122. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. DAY. (CONT’D)
text: It’s Jacinta, the mother. She comes in, laden with
text: clothes to sew from the village’s pious woman, and a
text: bag with some shopping. She drops it all on the floor,
text: alarmed by what she sees, Salvador lying on the bed and
text: Eduardo sitting next to him. From the door:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What’s happened? Salvador!
text: Eduardo is intimidated by the mother’s sudden
dialog: appearance and her tone.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: He got a lot of sun.
text: The mother comes into the room. Eduardo stands up.
text: She looks at him, with the wet clothes clinging to his
text: damp body. The mother doesn’t like the image of the two
text: boys. That complicity. During the rest of the sequence,
text: she is surly with Eduardo, as if she suspected
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I was reading...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (To Salvador) Didn’t you realize
dialog: that the sun was shining on you!
dialog: (She touches his forehead.) You're
dialog: burning up!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I didn’t realize...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (To Eduardo) And you... (She
dialog: restrains from saying what the
dialog: hell are you doing here) What?
text: Eduardo remains standing, looking at them, not really
dialog: knowing what to do.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: I’d finished putting up the tiles
text: in the kitchen and, as he fainted,
dialog: I brought him here. I didn’t want
text: to leave him on his own.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (More alarmed) You fainted?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: A bit. I got dizzy...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don’t get up. I’m going to get a
dialog: vinegar poultice for you. I
dialog: suppose your father’s in the bar!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He told me he’d stay in the house!
text: The mother is annoyed with the father. She picks up the
text: bag with the shopping and leaves the bag with clothes
text: to be sewn on a chair. She is tired and she doesn’t
dialog: like the situation.
scene_heading: 123. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. DAY. (CONT’D)
text: She goes off to the kitchen, near the patio, followed
dialog: by Eduardo.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What’s that basin doing here?
text: The basin with soapy water is in the same place as when
dialog: Eduardo was washing.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: I washed myself a bit.
text: Jacinta goes over to the kitchen, takes a cloth and
text: starts to soak it in vinegar. Reproachful:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You could have waited till you got
dialog: home. It’s hard work for me
dialog: carrying water here.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: I was really dirty. I’1ll bring a
text: basin and dry the floor.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, bring the water. I’11 clean
dialog: this up.
text: Eduardo goes to take the basin of water. He tries to
dialog: ease the situation, he’s proud of his work and he hopes
dialog: that will improve Jacinta’s mood.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: The tiles turned out very nice!
text: The woman nods slightly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: I’ll get the water. I won’t be
dialog: long.
text: Jacinta watches him leave, without changing her
text: expression. She goes to Salvador’s bedroom, with the
text: cloth soaked in vinegar. When she passes the builder’s
text: table, she finds the drawing of Salvador sitting on the
text: chair reading and surrounded by geraniums. She feels
text: sick to her stomach.
scene_heading: 124. HOSPITAL. RADIOLOGIST’S OFFICE. INT. DAY (THE
speaker_heading: PRESENT)
text: The radiologist is sitting on one side of the desk (we
text: saw her earlier in her cubicle, when she was doing the
text: CAT scan), Mercedes and Salvador are across from her,
text: tense, Mercedes more so than Salvador. A 3D
text: illustration fills one of the walls. There is also a
dialog: treadmill, the kind you see in gyms.
speaker_heading: RADIOLOGIST
dialog: First of all, I want to reassure
dialog: you. There is no tumor. That is
dialog: totally discounted.
text: Salvador and Mercedes sigh with relief.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: But there’s something wrong with
dialog: me, because I even choke on
dialog: purées.
speaker_heading: RADIOLOGIST
dialog: Yes, what you’ve got, that
dialog: dysphagia, is called Forestier’s
dialog: Syndrome. You can see it more
text: clearly here.
text: She shows him the CAT scan image on the computer
dialog: screen.
text: The radiologist shows him various cervical sections on
text: the computer. The images illustrate precisely the
text: radiologist’s words. Salvador and Mercedes look at her,
text: paying great attention.
speaker_heading: RADIOLOGIST
dialog: You see this white part, next to
dialog: the vertebra? It’s an osteocyte,
dialog: an ossification. (She points.)
dialog: Here you can see the esophagus,
text: displaced by that ossification.
dialog: There’s practically no room for
dialog: food to get through, not even
dialog: liquids. That’s why you choke.
text: Salvador and Mercedes listen very closely.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Why did that bone grow so much
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: RADIOLOGIST
dialog: Forestier’s Syndrome is a rare
dialog: disease and we don’t know what
dialog: causes it. We know it affects the
text: tendons, ligaments and joint
dialog: capsules, which calcify, but we
dialog: don’t know why. In your case the
text: anterior ligament of the spine has
text: calcified.
text: Salvador and Mercedes look closely at the X-rays.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: And can anything be done?
speaker_heading: RADIOLOGIST
dialog: Surgery, that ossification has to
dialog: be removed as soon as _ possible.
dialog: But don’t worry, it isn’t a risky
dialog: operation. The gastroenterologist
dialog: and the surgeon will explain it
dialog: much more detail.
scene_heading: 125. GALLERY. INT. DAY.
text: They go through a large, treeless patio. The gallery is
text: a glassed-in area, with an awning. Almost all the
text: paintings can be seen without going inside. The
dialog: exhibition is called Popular Art.
text: Salvador and Mercedes go into the glassed-in area. The
text: picture they’re interested in is seen immediately.
text: Mercedes and Salvador go up to it. Salvador, hiding his
text: emotion, looks at the watercolor and the glass
text: protecting it reflects him. We can see the two
dialog: Salvadors, the one who was the child teacher and the
dialog: present day one.
text: The person attending to the public comes up to them.
text: The owner, probably. A man with a French accent.
speaker_heading: GALLERY OWNER
dialog: Are you interested in the
dialog: watercolor?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yes. I’d like to buy it. Who’s the
dialog: artist?
speaker_heading: GALLERY OWNER
dialog: It’s anonymous, almost all the
text: works are unsigned.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: How did it get here?
speaker_heading: GALLERY OWNER
dialog: I bought it at the Flea Market in
dialog: Barcelona. It’s one of my favorite
dialog: pieces.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: So you have no idea who the artist
dialog: could be?
speaker_heading: GALLERY OWNER
dialog: There’s something written on the
dialog: back. But they are all anonymous
dialog: artists who probably don’t even
dialog: know that they are artists.
scene_heading: 126. STREET IN MADRID. INSIDE THE VAN. INT./EXT. DAY
text: Salvador turns the drawing over. (We suppose that he
text: has previously removed the frame.) There is a
text: dedication on the back. Salvador recognizes Eduardo’s
text: childish writing. We hear the contents off screen in
text: Eduardo’s voice.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO OFF
dialog: Dear Salvador, I’m sending the
dialog: drawing to your home because I
dialog: don’t have the address of the
dialog: school. I’m happy to be able to
dialog: write to you. You taught me and
dialog: I’m very grateful. I’m working now
text: in Conchita’s uncle’s store and
dialog: I’m good at numbers. All thanks to
dialog: you. It’s nice here, but I miss
dialog: life in the caves. And you, in
dialog: particular. Every time I write I
dialog: think of your hand guiding mine.
dialog: I’m sure you’re learning a lot at
dialog: school, reading lots of books and
dialog: seeing lots of films. I’m giving
dialog: you my address in Bilbao. Maybe
dialog: you can write and tell me.
dialog: Your pupil. (Signed) Eduardo.
dialog: (Followed by an address in
dialog: Bilbao).
text: Salvador is touched by the dedication. Mercedes looks
text: at him without saying anything.
scene_heading: 127. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. DAY.
text: The drawing is part of the desk. We hear the song Come
text: sinfonia sung by Mina. The same song as was playing on
dialog: the transistor when Eduardo drew Salvador, fifty years
dialog: before.
text: From the start of this sequence we hear the sound of
text: typing on a computer. Salvador is writing quickly, as
text: if he were short of time. We see the title at the top
text: of the document: THE FIRST DESIRE.
text: As well as hearing Mina’s song, we see it, on the
text: screen of Salvador’s cell phone, a YouTube video, in
text: black and white, from that time.
text: Mercedes comes into the study area. She seems him so
text: deep in concentration that she doesn’t want to disturb
text: him. She loves to see him writing.
text: Salvador is writing very quickly on the computer. He
text: looks at the clock.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (Serious, tender, trying to sound
dialog: neutral) You have to start
text: dressing in half an hour.
text: Salvador, without pausing in his writing:
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Remind me just before.
text: His expression has changed, he’s a different Salvador,
text: calm, he writes with ten fingers, he doesn’t need to
text: look at the keyboard.
scene_heading: 128. STREET IN MADRID. INSIDE THE VAN. INT./EXT. DAY.
text: On the way to the hospital.
text: Salvador is looking out the window at life in the city.
text: He is serious. A middle-aged father pushing a double
text: pram with a set of twins. A South American woman
text: helping an elderly lady to walk. The shouting of a
text: group of adolescents, several people with dogs, men and
text: women isolated by headphones or talking on their
dialog: phones.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: What do you think happened with
dialog: the drawing?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Eduardo sent it to Paterna, my
dialog: mother would have received it. I
dialog: was at the priests’ school by then
dialog: and she didn’t send it to me or
dialog: told me about it.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Never?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Never.
dialog: Pensive.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Are you going to try to find him?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Eduardo?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: It’s easier now, with Google. Or
dialog: going back to Paterna and asking
dialog: about him.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: Fifty years later? (He shakes his
dialog: head.) It’s a good idea for a
dialog: story and maybe I'll write it, but
dialog: looking for him would be crazy.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: How on earth did the drawing get
dialog: to the Flea Market in Barcelona?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: No idea. By chance, but what
dialog: matters is that it got to the
dialog: person it was intended for.
scene_heading: 129. HOSPITAL. OPERATING THEATER. INT. DAY.
text: Some nurses wheel Salvador in on a gurney. General view
text: of the operating theater.
text: Dr. Galindo is the anesthetist, he goes over to the
text: gurney. They greet each other amicably. Salvador is
text: reassured by the doctor’s presence. The atmosphere is
dialog: typical of an operation.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: (In a mask and cap) How are you,
dialog: Salvador?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Hello, doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: I heard. No wonder you couldn’t
dialog: swallow. But don’t worry, we’ll
dialog: get rid of this right away.
text: Salvador smiles. Despite the fear inherent to the
text: situation, he is calm. The doctor prepares’ the
dialog: anesthetic.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Doctor, I’m writing again.
dialog: He says it in the tone of “and I’d like to keep doing
dialog: it’.
speaker_heading: DR. GALINDO
dialog: (Injecting the anesthetic) Really?
dialog: That’s great news! I’m delighted,
dialog: Salvador. Drama or comedy?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: I don’t know. You don’t know that...
text: He is about to say “until the end” but the anesthetic
text: traps him sweetly before he can finish the sentence.
scene_heading: 130. TRAIN STATION. EXT. NIGHT. (1966)
text: From that colorless, painless place, we start to see
text: the railway tracks in the train station converging in a
text: knot and spreading out like a cobweb. Salvador’s voice
dialog: says off screen:
speaker_heading: SALVADOR OFF
dialog: In the 1960s, many Spaniards had
dialog: to emigrate in search of fortune.
dialog: I went with my mother to Paterna
dialog: where my father was waiting for
dialog: us.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 131. TRAIN STATION. INT./EXT. NIGHT.
text: Fireworks explode in the night sky. The boy, standing
text: at one of the doors of the hall/waiting room of the
text: station, is looking, bewitched, at the delight of the
text: fireworks, rockets exploding and spreading out like
text: branches of different colored palm trees.
text: Jacinta’s voice comes from inside the hall, weary, fed
text: up, calling him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Salva, come and help me.
text: The boy goes up to his mother. Outside, the orgy of
text: fireworks continues until it ends in a catharsis that
text: floods the celestial surface.
scene_heading: 132. TRAIN STATION. WAITING ROOM/HALL. INT. NIGHT.
text: The mother spreads a blanket on the floor to make a
text: bed. Outside the orgy of fireworks continues. They are
text: surrounded by bundles. The boy lies on the wooden
text: bench, wrapped in a blanket and with a bundle as a
text: pillow. The mother lies on the makeshift bed on the
text: floor. She is staring into space, probably trying to
dialog: imagine their future. In that relaxed tone that
text: precedes sleep, mother and child talk:
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Mom, will there be a cinema in
dialog: Paterna?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: If we have a house that’1l be
dialog: enough for me, love.
text: The boy rolls over, turning his back on his mother.
text: Jacinta thinks of the destiny that awaits her family.
text: In her eyes there is uncertainty, fear and hope.
text: The camera starts to pull back.
scene_heading: 133. | TRAIN STATION. WAITING ROOM. INT. NIGHT. (THE
speaker_heading: PRESENT)
text: The backward tracking shot slowly shows us Salvador’s
text: past and his future/present, coexisting in the same
dialog: space.
text: We see the tracking rails, the sound technician, with
text: his arms raised, holding the mike boom, some LED
text: screens on the floor illuminate the actress playing the
text: mother, Penélope Cruz, absorbed, staring into space
text: thinking of what lies ahead for her character.
text: On the opposite wall, surrounded by part of the film
text: crew, present day Salvador looks intensely at the video
text: screen with which he controls the shot he’s filming. He
text: looks like he’s controlling his emotions.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Cut.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: We’ve cut.
text: Penélope Cruz comes out of her character and recovers
text: her own appearance. As an actress she’s aware that
text: destiny, at least that of her son in the story, is
text: there, in the other half of the waiting room. The
text: represented past and the present coexist separated only
text: by the rails of a little tracking shot.
text: Sitting on the blanket, Penélope looks over at
dialog: Salvador, the director. She knows what this scene
text: represents for him and she looks for his complicity and
text: approval. Salvador is wearing sunglasses to protect his
text: eyes from the light and to hide his emotion. Esther
text: appears on one side and stands in the center of the
text: frame to chant the clapperboard she’s holding.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: 38, 5, first. Final clapper.
text: Among the details usually written on the clapper (name
dialog: of the camera operator, of the director, etc.) we can
dialog: see the title of the film Salvador is shooting: THE
text: FIRST DESIRE.
text: The screen sinks into a long fade to black until the
text: credits start.
text: THE END.
dialog: 
