scene_heading: PAN’S LABYRINTH
dialog: (El Laberinto del Fauno)
dialog: By
dialog: Guillermo del Toro
scene_heading: (PAN’S LABYRINTH is in Spanish with English subtitles.
dialog: This is an English translation of the script.)
dialog: © Picturehouse 2006. All rights reserved.
scene_heading: DARKNESS.
text: A female voice hums a sweet lullaby.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSITION:
speaker_heading: SPAIN, 1944.
text: THE CIVIL WAR IS OVER.
text: HIDDEN IN THE MOUNTAINS, ARMED MEN FIGHT THE NEW
scene_heading: FASCIST REGIME. MILITARY POSTS ARE ESTABLISHED TO
scene_heading: EXTERMINATE THE RESISTANCE.
text: Then: the raw, raspy SOUND ofa child struggling to breathe.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. LABYRINTH - NIGHT
text: In the foreground, OFELIA - 11 years old, skin white as
text: snow, ruby lips and ebony hair - is sprawled on the ground.
text: A thick ribbon of blood runs from her nose.
text: But - the blood is flowing backward into her nostril. Drop
text: by drop, the blood leaps up and disappears.
text: Ofelia's pupils dilate-
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Long ago in the Underground Realm...
text: CAMERA MOVES INTO THE DARK PUPIL-
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ...where there are no lies or pain, there
dialog: lived a Princess who dreamt of the human
dialog: world.
text: The sound of muffled wind.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: She dreamt of blue skies, the soft breeze
dialog: and sunshine...
text: A dark CASTLE takes shape. Here, a tower... there, a
text: turret... and lighted windows.
text: Finally, the damp, mildewed walls of a water well come into
dialog: focus.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: One day, eluding her keepers, the
dialog: Princess escaped.
text: A woman's silhouette crosses CAMERA-
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: Once outside, the brightness blinded her
dialog: and erased her memory...
text: A circular staircase leads up... toward daylight, where the
dialog: image...
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: She forgot who she was and where she came
dialog: from. Her body suffered cold, sickness
text: and pain. Eventually, she died.
text: FADES TO WHITE:
scene_heading: EXT. BOMBED CITY - DAY
text: CAMERA TRACKS past scenes of destruction: bombed-out
text: buildings... cathedrals in ruins.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Her father, the King, always knew that
dialog: the Princess would return, perhaps in
text: another body, in another place, at
dialog: another time.
text: On half-demolished walls, Falangist posters declare Franco's
text: triumph. Among the ruins, smaller, poignant traces of war:
text: shoes, broken eye-glasses...
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: And he would wait for her, until he drew
text: his last breath, until the world stopped
dialog: turning...
text: Through the ruined buildings, a SMALL CARAVAN OF BLACK
text: BENTLEY CARS comes into view.
text: The shiny chrome fenders pass directly by CAMERA; they bear
text: all the Fascist insignias and flags.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CAR - SAME
text: Looking out the window: OFELIA.
text: She's dressed in plain, slightly frayed clothing. Not very
text: dainty. On her lap is a book of fairy tales.
text: CAMERA studies one of the watercolors that adorn the pages:
text: an illustration of a little girl dancing with several
text: fairies flying around her.
text: At her side, a small pile of similar books in a book strap.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: I don't understand why you had to bring
dialog: so many books, Ofelia.
text: Ofelia turns her gaze toward the opposite seat, where her
text: mother, CARMEN, 28, is napping, her enormous stomach
text: evidence of advanced pregnancy. She, too, has black hair.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: We're going to the country... the
text: outdoors... plenty of fresh air.
text: She takes the book away from Ofelia.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Fairy tales? You're too old to be filling
dialog: your head with such nonsense.
text: She pauses, feeling nausea.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Ask them to stop the car- please-
text: Ofelia knocks on the partition window of the sedan. The
text: Driver stops.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - SAME
text: The caravan of cars stops. Carmen hurriedly climbs down and
text: moves to the front of the main car.
text: Gasping for air, she battles the nausea. Ofelia timidly
text: approaches her.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Ofelia, wait up.
text: She grabs her pregnant abdomen.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Your brother's not well.
text: Ofelia nods and moves away. SERRANO, a military man, climbs
text: out of the car behind them and approaches Carmen solicitous.
speaker_heading: SERRANO
dialog: Madam, are you feeling ill?
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Water- just a bit of water-
speaker_heading: SERRANO
dialog: (to one of his men)
dialog: Water, bring water for the Captain's
dialog: wife.
text: Ofelia walks alongside the road, moving into the woods and
text: further away from the caravan of cars.
text: CAMERA surveys the heavy forest: a tangled tapestry of moss
text: and fog.
text: The trees, swayed by the wind, murmur softly around Ofelia.
text: She stumbles upon a strange stone by the side of the road.
text: Roughly the size of a fist- carved on it, the outline of a
text: human EYE.
text: Fascinated, the young girl picks it up.
text: She looks around and finds -amidst the shrubs- an ancient
text: stone monolith incised with Celtic lettering.
text: It's crowned with the grotesque face of a satyr- mouth open
dialog: wide.
text: A piece of the brutish face is missing: an eye.
text: Ofelia fits the piece of engraved stone in the missing area.
dialog: A perfect fit.
text: From inside the statue a clicking noise emerges. The wind
dialog: picks up and-
text: -out of the satyr's open mouth, a STICK INSECT lazily crawls
text: out. Ofelia smiles. The insect climbs atop the stone head
text: and studies the girl for a moment. Then-
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Ofelia??
text: The sound of Carmen's voice startles the creature, which flies
dialog: off.
text: Ofelia runs to her mother's side.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: (enthusiastic)
dialog: A fairy- I saw a fairy!!
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Oh- look at your shoes!! They're covered
dialog: in mud!
text: They head back to the caravan.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: When we get to the mill I want you to
dialog: greet Captain Vidal.
dialog: That man- has been very good to us,
dialog: darling. You have no idea-
dialog: So, I want you to call him "Father." Do
dialog: you hear me? "Father..."
dialog: It's just a word, Ofelia.
text: The Stick Insect lands in a nearby tree and observes inquisitively
text: as Mother and daughter climb into the main car and head off.
text: A beat later, the Stick Insect flies after them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WATER MILL - DAY
text: CLOSE-UP: a gold pocket watch, on a heavy chain. The glass
text: dial is cracked...
text: A gloved THUMB snaps the cover shut. A VOICE - CAPTAIN VIDAL
text: - mutters in irritation.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
text: Fifteen minutes late.
text: ANGLE WIDENS to describe a dilapidated WATER MILL.
text: The site consists of a pair of dark stone buildings with
text: corrugated roofs, connected to the mill by a small stone
text: bridge. A large water wheel hangs over the dry riverbed.
text: The wooden beams and columns bear sculpted Celtic motifs and
text: here and there, small, odd, carved creatures.
text: The walls have been reinforced with hundreds of sand-bags
text: and wooden pontoons, as if preparing for an attack.
text: CAPTAIN VIDAL and a small group of SERVANTS and SOLDIERS
text: wait patiently outside.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Captain!! They're here-
text: The caravan of Bentleys stops in front of the building. Vidal
text: and his group moves in. Servants and Soldiers unload luggage
text: withy military efficiency. In charge is MERCEDES, a young
dialog: but strict country woman.
text: Vidal greets Carmen.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Carmen- Welcome-
text: With a pleasant smile, he touches her pregnant belly and
text: then points at a wooden wheelchair pushed to Carmen's side
text: by a small, nervous man SGT. GARCES. By his side stands
text: DOCTOR FERREIRO, a pleasant, scholarly man in his mid
dialog: forties.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: I- I don't need it- I can walk by myself.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Doctor Ferreiro prefers that you don't
dialog: exert yourself.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: N-no...
text: Vidal leans towards her and whispers -ever so softly- in her
dialog: ear:
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Then do it for me...
text: She obeys. As she sits, Ofelia exits the automobile, holding
text: her books close to her chest.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Ofelia. Greet the Captain.
text: She is wheeled away. An awkward silence passes between the
text: young girl and the Captain.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Ofelia-
text: The girl extends her hand. He grabs it, firm but cold. It is
text: her left hand.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: It's the other hand, Ofelia.
text: He turns to the servants.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Mercedes, take my wife's luggage to her
dialog: room-
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Mercedes glances back to find Ofelia curiously gazing at-
text: -a pile of sandbags. Perched on top-
dialog: -the big Stick Insect.
text: It fans out its multiple wings. Twice. Ofelia runs over and
text: tries to catch it.
text: But the Stick Insect takes off and escapes. The girl drops her
text: books and goes after it.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS - FURTHER - CONTINUOUS
text: Ofelia follows the Stick Insect to the edge of a small rise.
text: She follows it with her eyes and sees, about 100 meters
text: away, surrounded by trees, the ruins of a garden LABYRINTH.
text: The CAMERA glides up for a better view. The labyrinth is
text: circular, its paths overgrown and partially blocked.
text: Ofelia enters the labyrinth through an archway. She ventures
text: down one of its pathways and stops-
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: It's a labyrinth-
text: Ofelia turns- the young woman stands by her side. Ofelia's
text: books in hand.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: Just a pile of old stones.
dialog: They've always been there, even before
dialog: the mill. Better you don't go near it-
dialog: You could get lost.
text: A ray of sunlight breaks through the grey clouds and
text: illuminates the old ruins. Mercedes hands her the books.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Have you read them all?
text: Garcés shouts from the mill:
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Mercedes!
dialog: (Mercedes reacts)
dialog: The Captain’s calling you.
text: Mercedes makes a small gesture of goodbye to Ofelia.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Your father needs me.
text: She turns and walks away-
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: He's not my father.
text: Mercedes doesn't understand. The girl runs up to her.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: The Captain- he's not my father. My
dialog: father was a tailor. He died in the war.
dialog: The Captain’s not my father!
text: Mercedes can't help but smile at the girl's sudden
text: vehemence.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Well, you've made that clear enough.
text: They walk away together.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Did you see my mother?
dialog: (Mercedes nods)
dialog: She's pretty isn't she?
dialog: (Mercedes nods)
dialog: You saw her belly? She's sick with child.
text: As they go into the house, the Stick Insect - perched atop
text: the labyrinth's archway - monitors their every move.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: VIDAL
text: The guerillas are sticking to the woods
dialog: because it's hard to track them down up
dialog: there.
text: Vidal is standing at an enormous dining table. Serrano,
text: Garcés and a few lower-ranking officials surround him.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Those pricks know the terrain better than
dialog: any of us. We need to force them down -
text: Vidal sticks pins into one of the larger maps.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: -let's block their access to medicine and
dialog: supplies.
text: Mercedes enters bearing a tray of olives, cold cuts and a
text: bottle of Orujo liquor.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: We'll set up three command posts. Here,
dialog: here and here.
text: Mercedes glances briefly at the maps, concealing avid
dialog: interest.
text: Suddenly, Vidal grabs Mercedes by the arm.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Have Dr. Ferreiro come see me.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Yes, Sir...
text: Turning his attention back to his maps, Vidal takes two
text: olives and pops them into his mouth.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: (chewing)
dialog: Those bastards are going to starve...
dialog: you'll see...
scene_heading: INT. UPPER BEDROOM - DUSK
text: The doctor stirs some drops of medicine into a glass of
text: water. Carmen lies back in a monumental carved bed. On her
text: lap there are several playing cards.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Just four drops at bedtime and you'll
dialog: sleep all night long.
text: He gives her the water and the medicine vial. Carmen drinks
text: weakly. Ofelia stands by her side.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Don't hesitate to call if you need
dialog: anything, Madame. You- or your little
dialog: nurse.
text: He grins at Ofelia, then exits the room. Carmen gives Ofelia
dialog: the medicine vial.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Go. Close the door so I can sleep.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER/STAIRWAY - NIGHT
text: In the hallway, the doctor finds Mercedes waiting for him.
text: They proceed in silence down the hallway and look down into
text: the foyer: empty.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: You must come up the mountain and see him-
dialog: the leg wound- its getting worse...
text: The doctor nods timidly and gives Mercedes a small PACKAGE
text: wrapped in dark paper and neatly tied in string.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: This is all I could get. I'm sorry.
text: Mercedes sighs, disappointed.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: He's downstairs- don't keep him waiting.
text: The doctor moves downstairs. Mercedes glances toward the
dialog: Upper Bedroom and-
text: -discovers Ofelia, watching her attentively- how long has
dialog: she been there?
text: The girl closes the door quietly.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Ofelia takes off her shoes and climbs into her mother's bed.
text: As she cuddles close to her mother-
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Jesus- Your feet- they're frozen.
text: She caresses Ofelia's head. The wind picks up and the house
text: timbers moan and creak.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Are you scared?
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: A little bit.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: What's that noise?
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Nothing, just the wind. Nights here are
dialog: different from city nights. There, you
text: hear cars, trains. Here the houses are
text: old and creaky.
text: The house utters a series of deep, rumbling noises.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
text: Almost like they're speaking.
dialog: Tomorrow, I'm going to give you something
dialog: special.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: A book?
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: No, something much better.
text: A beat of silence and then-
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Why did you have to get married?
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: We were alone too long.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: You weren't alone. You were never alone.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: When you're older you'll understand. It
dialog: hasn't been easy for me.
text: She winces in pain-
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Your brother's- he's acting up. Tell him
dialog: one of your stories so he'll calm down.
text: Ofelia gently leans on her mother's stomach and taps it with
text: one finger, as if it were a telegraph key.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: My brother, my brother...
text: Carmen closes her eyes and listens to her daughter's voice-
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: ... a long, long time ago in a grey, sad
dialog: country...
scene_heading: INSIDE THE STOMACH
text: Floating in a limbo of amniotic fluid, the BABY opens his
text: eyes and listens.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: There was a magic rose that made whoever
dialog: plucked it immortal.
scene_heading: EXT. MAGICAL MOUNTAIN - SUNSET
text: Against a scarlet sky: a BLUE ROSE. Its thorny stem clutches
text: the dagger-like crest of a black granite mountain.
text: The thorns grow around the granite like suffocating
text: serpents.
speaker_heading: OFELIA (V.O.)
dialog: But no one would dare go near it because
text: its thorns were full of mortal poison.
text: The Stick Insect lands on one of the thorns and then flies off
text: into the night sky-
speaker_heading: OFELIA (V.O.)
dialog: So amongst the men tales of pain and
text: death were told in hushed voices. But
dialog: there was no talk of eternal life...
dialog: because men fear pain more than they
dialog: want immortality.
dialog: -up, up and then through-
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS - TWILIGHT
text: -the WINDOW of the Upper Bedroom.
text: Through the glass, the Stick Insect observes how Ofelia hugs her
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: So every day the rose wilted unable to
dialog: bequeath his gift to anyone--
text: The Stick Insect clicks its jaws in excitement.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VIDAL'S STUDY - DAY
text: The improvised office is in one of the lower rooms, where
text: the gigantic mill wheel and the wooden gears lie in a heap.
speaker_heading: OFELIA (V.O.)
text: Alone and forgotten at the top of that
dialog: mountain. Forgotten until the end of
dialog: time...
text: Small steel gears shine like metallic stars on a small
text: swatch of black velvet.
dialog: Tweezers pick them up and-
text: -put them into place within the workings of a watch.
text: Using a jeweler's magnifying glass, Vidal oils and closes up
text: his pocket watch while he listens to cuplé (traditional
text: Spanish music) on a phonograph.
text: The doctor comes to the door. Vidal motions for him to
dialog: enter.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Come in-
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Very weak.
text: Vidal closes the watch.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: She'll rest as much as she needs to. I'll
dialog: sleep down here.
dialog: And my son?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Your-?
text: Serrano and Garcés enter the room.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Excuse us, Captain...
text: Vidal motions for them to be silent. Then he looks at the
dialog: Doctor again.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: My son. How is he?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: For the moment, there's no reason to be
text: alarmed.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Good. That’s good.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Captain.
dialog: Your wife- she shouldn't have traveled
dialog: this late in the pregnancy.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Is that your opinion?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: My professional opinion, yes sir.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Well, a boy should be born wherever his
dialog: father is. And that's that.
text: He heads for the door.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Captain...
text: Vidal stops and looks at him fixedly.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: One more thing, sir. What makes you so
dialog: sure it's a boy?
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Don't fuck with me.
text: He exits the mill.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MILL - NIGHT
text: The mill and the tents are silhouettes in the night.
text: Soldiers patrol the gravel paths.
text: Vidal, Garcés and Serrano walk towards the outer Water
text: Wheel. There, a small group of soldiers surrounds an OLD MAN
text: and his young SON.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: At 8 o'clock, we detected activity in the
text: southeastern sector. Gunfire. Sergeant
text: Bayona captured a suspect. The other
dialog: prisoner is his son, who's here from
dialog: town.
speaker_heading: SON
dialog: Captain, my father is an honorable man.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: I'll decide that. Take your hat off when
dialog: you talk to me.
text: The Son quietly obeys. BAYONA hands the Captain a small
text: gauge rifle and a leather pouch.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: We found this weapon. It's been fired.
speaker_heading: SON
dialog: He was hunting rabbits -
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Shut up, damn it.
text: Vidal takes opens the leather pouch and finds a farmer's
text: almanac. He reads an inscription printed on the back page:
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: "...No God, nor Government, nor Master?"
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Red propaganda, sir.
speaker_heading: SON
dialog: It's not propaganda, Sir.
text: Vidal, impatiently motions for him to be silent.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: "It's an old almanac; we're farmers, sir."
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I was in the forest hunting rabbits for
dialog: my daughters. They're sick.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Rabbits, uh?
text: In the pouch, Vidal finds a half-empty bottle of wine.
speaker_heading: SON
dialog: Captain, if my father says so- he was
dialog: hunting rabbits.
text: Vidal hands Garcés the pouch and moves towards the boy,
text: bottle in hand.
text: BAM!! Without warning he flattens the boy's nose with the
text: bottle bottom. The Father screams, horrified, but without
text: the guts to intervene.
text: Vidal lifts the Son up, bashes his nose again and again,
text: leveling bone and cartilage.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No!! No!! You killed him!! You son ofa
dialog: bitch!
text: Vidal drops the boy, who falls to the ground spitting blood.
text: He turns to the Father and shoots him twice in cold blood,
text: then turns to the Son and shoots him once, in the head.
text: Then all is silence. The distant whistle of a train can be
text: heard. Vidal heads back towards Garcés and calmly searches
text: the pouch: Inside he finds two scrawny rabbits.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Learn to frisk these motherfuckers before
dialog: you come bothering me.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Yes, my Captain.
text: He moves away. And he takes the rabbits with him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPPER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Eyes wide, Ofelia hears a dry rattle, followed by a soft
text: ululation at the window, which is half open. The curtains
text: billow.
text: The mill groans. Ofelia is restless.
text: Then- a dry clicking noise.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Mama, wake up-
text: Carmen doesn't move. A scuttling noise reaches her ears as
text: something small and quick skitters over the floor.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Mother- please! There's something in the
dialog: room-
text: Impossible. Ofelia gets up and carefully puts on her shoes.
text: Something shifts in the ceiling beams. Ofelia looks up,
dialog: searching.
text: Nothing. Suddenly, something the size of a human hand
text: scurries past her feet and hides under the bed.
text: Then, pulling at the goose down comforter, the Stick Insect climbs
text: up into the bed. Ofelia leans over it, shocked.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: H-hello- Did you follow me here??
text: The Stick Insect clicks its mandibles.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Are you a fairy??
text: The Stick Insect regards her with curiosity.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Look- This is a fairy-
text: She picks up one of her books and opens it to an
text: illustration: a beautiful fairy.
text: The Stick Insect scrutinizes the illustration and sits upright. It
text: opens and closes its wings, transforming into a GREEN FAIRY -
text: a tiny human form with striped wings.
text: The Green Fairy flies to the foot of the bed, pointing to
text: the window.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: You want me to go with you? Outside?
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS - NIGHT
text: The Green Fairy flies swiftly, but Ofelia follows close
text: behind. Suddenly it stops!
text: They’re at the ruins of the labyrinth, which is bathed in
dialog: moonlight.
text: Trees and roots crowd the broken niches, as if fused with
text: the stone. Some of the pathways are blocked by gnarled trees
text: that have grown through the rock.
scene_heading: LABYRINTH - CONTINUOUS
text: Ofelia runs through the narrow, spooky pathways, but she has
text: lost sight of the Green Fairy.
text: Ofelia stops and looks around until she spots it, waiting
dialog: for her at-
scene_heading: ROTUNDA AT CENTER OF LABYRINTH - NIGHT
text: The Green Fairy alights on an ancient monolith at the edge of an
text: empty stone pool. It's decorated in Celtic lettering, just
text: like the one in the forest.
text: Another monolith stands at its center.
text: Ofelia nears the edge of the pool.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Hello?!
text: The pool returns her cry, again and again. The tree trunks
text: creak- and a cloud covers the moon.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Echo! Echo!
text: Then, she hears the sound of something big clattering about
text: on hooves, like a horse or a bull.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: It's you- It's you- You've returned!!
text: The VOICE is cold and full of sibilance. The cloud moves
dialog: aside...
text: On its hind quarters in the shadows is the twisted and
text: sinister figure of a FAUN. He's covered in roots and moss.
text: Ofelia backs away- speechless.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: No- no- don't be afraid- I beg you!!
dialog: Look!!
text: He opens a small wicker basket and from it emerge two more
scene_heading: FAIRIES: one BLUE, one RED.
text: Ofelia smiles.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: My name is Ofelia. Who are you?
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: Me? I've had so many names. Old names
dialog: that only the wind and the trees can
dialog: pronounce.
text: The Green Fairy flies toward its colorful companions.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: Tam the mountain, the forest and the
dialog: earth. I am... a faun.
text: As he bows to her, moonlight dapples his body. His coarse
text: hooves and the strange angle of his legs make his courtly
text: manner clumsy yet oddly gracious.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: Your Highness-
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: No, I'm -
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You are Princess Moanna, daughter of the
dialog: King of the Underworld.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: No- My father was a tailor.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You are not born of man. It was the moon
dialog: that bore you.
dialog: Look on your left shoulder and you will
text: find a mark that proves it.
text: Ofelia instinctively touches her shoulder, with a strange
text: expression on her face.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: Your real father had us open portals all
dialog: over the world to allow your return. This
text: is the last of them.
text: He opens his arm and gestures at the well around them.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: But we have to make sure that your
dialog: essence is intact, that you have not
dialog: become a mortal.
dialog: To insure your return, you have three
dialog: tasks to fulfill - before the moon is
dialog: full.
text: The Faun steps back a few paces. He deposits a large leather
text: bound book on the ground, as well as a leather bag.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: This is the Book of Crossroads. Open it
dialog: when you're alone and it will show you
dialog: your future - show you what must be done.
text: Then he and the Fairies fade back into the shadows.
text: Ofelia goes to the book and opens it. No matter how many
dialog: pages she turns-
text: -they are all blank.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: There's nothing here-
text: But she is alone. Absolutely alone in the well. MUSIC starts-
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VIDAL'S STUDY - BATHROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: Vidal, shirtless, shaves with a switchblade while listening
text: to music.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - DAY
text: Now, alone in the massive dining room, Vidal shines his
text: boots. Methodically.
text: This is obviously a daily ritual for him. By his side: the
text: two scrawny rabbits he impounded the night before.
text: Mercedes brings him a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Mercedes, prepare these rabbits for
dialog: dinner tonight.
text: Mercedes eyes the scrawny animals-
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: They are too young.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Well, see if they'll do for a stew.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Yes sir.
text: She turns to leave but Vidal stops her gently.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: And- This coffee- was burnt. Taste it
dialog: yourself.
text: She does. Vidal places a hand on her shoulder.
dialog: There is something unpleasant about this sudden contact,
text: something too familiar. She bears it in silence.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: You should keep an eye on it.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: She moves into-
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: The kitchen is enormous. The open charcoal cook stove is two
text: meters high by five meters wide.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (hands out the rabbits)
dialog: Take them to the table-
text: Two old, stout cooks, JACINTA and PAZ, wash the gigantic
text: work table with boiling water.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: He didn't like the coffee.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: Agh- He's nothing but a fussy dandy. A
dialog: dandy!
text: MERCEDES picks up a pail of hot water.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: We're going to need some beef and one
dialog: more chicken. We have more guests-
text: Conchita, Paloma and two other GIRLS pluck chickens, peel
dialog: potatoes, etc.
speaker_heading: PAZ
dialog: Well, where are we supposed to find that?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: The doctor's wife and the mayor's, too.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: Well, they eat more than a pig.
speaker_heading: PAZ
dialog: And they don't shut up-
speaker_heading: JACINTA
text: -not even underwater.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, UPPER BEDROOM - DAY
text: Mercedes and Conchita empty buckets of hot water into a
text: porcelain bathtub.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER BEDROOM - BEDROOM - DAY
text: Carmen opens one of her travel trunks.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Ofelia. Your father is giving a dinner
dialog: party tonight... Look what I've made you.
text: She lifts out a beautiful green dress in shiny silk and
text: ivory tulle.
text: Ofelia studies the dress as if it were a strange artifact
text: rather than something she might wear. Mercedes enters with a
text: breakfast tray.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Do you like it? What I wouldn't have
dialog: given to have a dress as fine as this
dialog: when I was little.
text: In a reverie, Carmen takes out a pair of new patent leather
text: shoes and a green silk hair ribbon.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: (to Ofelia)
dialog: And look at these shoes! Do you like
dialog: them?
text: Ofelia makes an effort and smiles a weak smile.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Yes, they are very pretty.
text: But Carmen is not fooled-
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Go on, now. Take your bath. Go-
text: Ofelia obeys- She enters-
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, UPPER BEDROOM - DAY
text: Ofelia, alone in the bathroom, opens the magical book. At
text: first, the page is blank, but a wondrous image takes shape:
text: Ofelia and five chestnuts. Squatting at her side, under a
text: huge tree: a massive TOAD.
text: Then a KNOCK on the door-
speaker_heading: CARMEN'S VOICE
dialog: Ofelia-
scene_heading: INT. UPPER BEDROOM - DAY
text: Alone now, Carmen readies the little green dress.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Hurry up. I want to see the dress on you.
dialog: I want you to be beautiful for the
dialog: Captain...
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, UPPER BEDROOM - DAY
text: On her right shoulder, Ofelia examines, exactly as the Faun
text: said, a birthmark in the form of the crescent moon...
speaker_heading: CARMEN’S VOICE
dialog: You'll look like a princess-
text: Ofelia smiles.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: ...a princess...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: Mercedes organizes the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Make sure those chickens are cleaned
dialog: properly... and the beans...
text: Mercedes takes out a small, sharp knife from the folds in
text: her apron. She skillfully chops an onion.
text: The bustle suddenly stops. Everyone looks toward the door,
text: where, among chicken feathers floating like confetti, Ofelia
text: stands, dressed in green silk.
speaker_heading: CONCHITA
dialog: You look marvelous, my girl, just
dialog: gorgeous.
speaker_heading: JACINTA
dialog: What a dress!!
text: Mercedes smiles. She's pleased too, but she claps her hands
dialog: together-
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Get back to work, stop wasting time.
text: They obey. Mercedes goes next to Ofelia.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Do want some milk with honey?
text: Ofelia nods eagerly.
scene_heading: INT. STABLE - LATER
text: Mercedes puts a bucket under a huge milk cow.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Step back, I don't want you getting milk
dialog: on your dress, with you looking so
dialog: pretty.
text: Mercedes begins to milk the cow.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Mercedes, do you believe in fairies?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: No. But when I was a little girl, I did.
dialog: I believed in a lot of things that I
dialog: don't believe any more.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Well, last night, a fairy visited me. And
dialog: it wasn't alone, there were lots of them -
text: and a faun, too.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: A faun??
text: Mercedes picks up the bucket and fills a wooden bow! with
dialog: milk.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: He was very old, very tall and smelled
text: like dirt.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: My mother warned me to be wary of fauns-
text: Suddenly, Vidal and Garcés approach them.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Mercedes, come with me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STORAGE BUILDING - MILL - DAY
text: Vidal and Mercedes walk toward the bodega, or storage
text: building, adjoining the mill.
text: Guards unload giant sacks of provisions from trucks. A Civil
text: Guard CAPITAN supervises the operation and greets Vidal.
speaker_heading: CAPITAN
dialog: Captain, everything is here.
scene_heading: INT. BODEGA - MILL - CONTINUOUS
text: The men fill the enormous bodega with grain, bottles of
dialog: wine, barrels of oil, salt and sugar, etc.
speaker_heading: CAPITAN
dialog: Flour, salt, oil, medicine, olives,
dialog: bacon, tobacco...
text: Vidal grabs a packet of tobacco.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Tobacco, huh? Real tobacco!
text: The CAPITAN hands over some papers with the Falangist
text: letterhead.
speaker_heading: CAPITAN
dialog: And the ration cards.
text: Mercedes is stunned by the quantity of food and supplies.
text: Vidal checks the padlock on the door.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Mercedes, the key-
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Mercedes hands over the key from her large key ring.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: (to Mercedes)
dialog: Is this the only copy?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: The only one.
text: Vidal locks the padlock. Yanks on it: nice and strong.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: From now on, I'll carry it.
text: From outside, Serrano calls him.
speaker_heading: SERRANO
dialog: Captain!!
text: Vidal hurries over to Serrano who hands him a pair of
text: binoculars and points to something on the horizon-
speaker_heading: SERRANO
dialog: Captain, perhaps it's nothing.
text: Through the binoculars, Vidal sees a plume of SMOKE on the
dialog: horizon.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: It's them.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Garcés, Vidal and a few of his men ride through the forest
text: on horseback.
speaker_heading: OFELIA (V.O.)
dialog: When the forest was young, a fig tree
dialog: took root and grew to colossal size.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Ofelia walks away from the mill and into the woods.
speaker_heading: OFELIA (V.O.)
dialog: When the forest was young, it was home to
dialog: creatures who were full of magic and
dialog: wonder...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Vidal and his men ride through the forest.
speaker_heading: OFELIA (V.O.)
dialog: At the heart of this forest stood a
text: colossal fig tree. The Forest Folk slept
text: in its shadow.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF THE FOREST - DAY
speaker_heading: OFELIA (V.O.)
text: But now, the tree is dying. Its branches
text: are dry, its trunk old and twisted.
text: Ofelia finds herself under a huge FIG TREE that has twisted
text: into an arch reaching to a nearby crag.
speaker_heading: OFELIA (V.O.)
text: A monstrous toad has settled in its roots
dialog: and won't let the tree thrive.
text: Ofelia opens her leather bag. Inside there are five large
dialog: chestnuts.
speaker_heading: OFELIA (V.O.)
dialog: You must put the three magic rocks in its
text: mouth and retrieve a magic key from its
text: insides. Only then will the fig tree
dialog: flourish again.
text: The tree roots are partly exposed. The tree itself is
text: surrounded by a large mud puddle.
text: Ofelia decides to take off her fancy silk dress. She
text: carefully hangs everything - including her hair ribbon - on
text: the tree branches. Finally she's down to only a simple
text: cotton slip and her shoes.
text: As she enters-
text: The wind picks up and moves her hanging dress. Then, a
text: sudden gust sends the hair ribbon flying.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY UNDER FIG TREE ROOTS - DAY
text: Ofelia crawls slowly; the gaps between the roots are narrow
text: and claustrophobic.
text: A few big, black pill bugs are nestled in the mud.
text: Ofelia keeps going.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAMPSITE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FOREST - DAY
text: Vidal and his men probe a forest cave. Inside, they find the
text: remains of a campfire. Vidal removes a glove and touches the
text: embers.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Less than twenty minutes, they left ina
dialog: hurry.
text: He finds the remains of food and drink.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: A dozen men, at most...
text: In the dirt, he discovers the remains of the package the
dialog: doctor gave to Mercedes.
text: Inside he finds empty antibiotics containers.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Antibiotics...
text: Garcés comes upon a half-burnt lottery ticket.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: (showing him the lottery ticket)
dialog: Shit- They forgot this lottery ticket.
text: Vidal motions for silence.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: They're here. Those bastards are here and
dialog: they are watching us.
text: He stands in rapt silence. The trees sway gently. He hefts
text: the empty package like a trophy.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: You left this behind! And the lottery
dialog: ticket! Come back and get it!! This could
dialog: be your lucky day - !
dialog: Silence.
text: Then, they mount up and ride off.
text: Invisible under the trees, six GUERRILLAS are indeed
text: watching. Among them is PEDRO, a tall and serious young man.
text: Ina flash, they all disappear into the underbrush.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY UNDER FIG TREE ROOTS - DAY
text: Ofelia's progress is slow. Water oozes from the surrounding
text: roots and mud.
text: Bugs crawl on her arms.
text: She hears a sudden, soggy movement up ahead. She takes out
text: the five chestnuts - which are so large they barely fit in
text: her hands - and works her way toward the noise.
text: Soon, she comes face to face with-
text: -an immense TOAD, as big as a boar. His golden eyes blink;
text: his cheeks puff rhythmically in and out.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Hi-
text: The Toad's long tongue flicks out, trapping a couple of
text: beetles and pulling them back into his mouth. Their
text: chitinous shells crunch noisily in its slimy jaws.
text: Ofelia shudders and tries to stand up. As she speaks, a
text: large red pill bug clings to her cheek.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: lam- I'm princess Moanna and I'm not
dialog: afraid of you-
text: The Toad observes her, unmoved.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Aren't you ashamed? Living down here,
dialog: eating all the pill bugs and getting fat
dialog: while the tree dies!
text: FWAPPPP!!!! The Toad sends out its soft pink tongue, which
text: flattens against her face, then slides off, taking the pill
text: bug and leaving a gelatinous goo.
text: Three of the chestnuts roll to the ground. Ofelia spits in
dialog: disgust.
text: The Toad hunkers down, shaking violently as it croaks.
text: Ofelia backpedals, frightened. The Toad resumes its resting
dialog: position.
text: Ofelia scoops up the chestnuts. Two fall back into the mud.
text: She kneels to get them and-
text: -deftly palms a juicy, fat pill bug. It curls itself into a
text: tight ball. She keeps it in the same hand as the chestnuts.
text: The Toad croaks again, shoots out its tongue, which wraps
text: around her wrist. She stays calm. When the tongue retracts,
text: covering her hand with viscous spittle, the pill bug is
dialog: gone.
dialog: And so are the chestnuts.
text: The Toad croaks violently and suddenly burps up a gigantic
text: pearly bubble, which floats in the air, bathed in blood and
text: saliva.
text: And with this, the Toad shrivels away, like a serpent
text: shedding its skin.
text: Ofelia picks up the warty, empty skin and looks at the
dialog: bubble.
text: In its center: aGOLD KEY.
text: Ofelia plunges her hands into the bubble to grab it.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF THE FOREST - TWILIGHT
text: Ofelia emerges from under the tree with the golden key in
text: hand. She's filthy, sweaty and exhausted.
text: She nears the place where she left her dress-
dialog: -but it's not there!
text: After a brief search, she finds her hair ribbon. Covered in
text: mud.
text: A few meters away, the dress- covered in wet, mossy mud.
text: It starts to rain.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MILL - DUSK
text: A pair of BENTLEYS sweeps into the driveway. Elegant dinner
text: guests get out of the cars: the MAYOR, his WIFE, and a
text: parish PRIEST.
text: Vidal stands at the front door to greet them. He's in his
dialog: formal uniform.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - SAME
text: Carmen, in a velvet maternity dress and in her wheelchair,
text: wrings her hands in anguish. The dining room is looking its
text: best, with sparkling crystal and china at each place
dialog: setting.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: (to Mercedes)
dialog: Have you checked in her room?? And the
dialog: garden??
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Yes, madam.
text: The VOICES of the dinner guests get louder. As Vidal enters-
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: May I introduce you to my wife, Carmen.
text: Carmen manages a wan smile of greeting. The Mayor's wife
dialog: smiles back-
speaker_heading: MAYOR'S WIFE
text: Enchanted.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Pleasure to meet you.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A ration card with the Falangist stamps on it. The Mayor
text: examines it.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: From now on- one ration card peer family.
text: Seated around the table are: the doctor and his WIFE, the mayor and his
text: wife, Garcés, Serrano, Carmen, the Guardia Civil Capitan, and the Priest.
text: Carmen is stony-faced in her distraction.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: One?? Captain, I'm not sure it'll be
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: If people are careful, it should be
dialog: plenty.
text: He eats more potatoes.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: What we can't allow is for anyone to send
text: food to the guerillas in the mountains.
text: They're losing ground - and one of them
text: is wounded.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Excuse me, Captain, how can you be so
dialog: sure?
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: We almost got them today. They had this.
text: Vidal pulls out one of the antibiotic vials.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Antibiotics.
text: Mercedes briefly catches the Doctor's eye.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: God has already saved their souls. What
dialog: happens to their bodies, well, it hardly
dialog: matters to Him.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: We'll help you in any way we can,
dialog: Captain.
dialog: We know you’re not here by choice-
text: Vidal pauses and locks eyes with him.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: You're wrong about that.
text: The guests grow silent.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: I choose to be here because I want my son
dialog: to be born in a clean, new Spain.
dialog: Because these people have the idea that
dialog: we're all alike. But there's a big
dialog: difference: The war is over and we won.
dialog: And if we need to kill each of those
dialog: motherfuckers to agree on it, then we'll
dialog: kill them all. And that’s that.
text: He raises his glass and toasts.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: We're all here by choice.
text: All the guests raise their glasses.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: By choice.
text: Mercedes quickly leaves the dining room.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: The kitchen door opens and Mercedes enters, trembling. On
text: the verge of tears, she grabs a lantern and readies to
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Put the coffee on. I'm going for more
dialog: wood.
text: She leaves the kitchen.
scene_heading: EXT. MILL - BACK - NIGHT
text: The mill receding in the distance, Mercedes hurries uphill.
text: She pauses next to a large wood pile and sadly gazes at the
dialog: forest.
text: Using her hand to shield the lantern's light she signals the
text: woods- one, two, three times. Then she turns around-
dialog: She sees-
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Ofelia-
text: Shivering, covered in mud, Ofelia climbs downhill and into
text: Mercedes’s arms.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Everyone eats with relish, impeccably attended by the
dialog: kitchen staff.
speaker_heading: MAYOR'S WIFE
dialog: And- How did you and the Captain meet?
text: Vidal seems uncomfortable but Carmen gently touches his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Ofelia's father was a tailor - he used to
dialog: make the Captain’s uniforms-
speaker_heading: MAYOR'S WIFE
dialog: I see-
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: -and after he died, I went to work at the
dialog: shop. A little more than a year ago, the
dialog: Captain and I met again...
text: Vidal moves his hand away from Carmen's.
speaker_heading: MAYOR'S WIFE
dialog: Curious, isn't it? Finding each other
dialog: after such a long time.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR'S WIFE
dialog: Curious indeed- very curious...
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Please, forgive my wife. She hasn't been
dialog: exposed to the world. She thinks these
dialog: silly stories are interesting to others.
text: Carmen grows silent. Ashamed.
text: Mercedes discreetly comes over to Carmen and speaks to her.
text: Carmen pushes back from the table.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Please, excuse me.
text: All the men get up as Carmen leaves the dining room. The
text: Guardia Civil Capitan smiles at Vidal.
speaker_heading: CAPITAN
dialog: Have I told you that I was acquainted
dialog: with your father, Captain?
text: Vidal can't suppress a brief grimace.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: No- I had no idea.
speaker_heading: CAPITAN
dialog: In Morocco. I met him only briefly, but
dialog: he left a great impression.
text: Vidal chews his food nervously.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: An excellent soldier.
speaker_heading: CAPITAN
dialog: The men in his battalion said that when
dialog: General Vidal died on the battlefield, he
text: smashed his watch on a rock so that his
dialog: son would know the exact hour and minute
dialog: of his death.
dialog: So he would know how a brave man dies.
text: All eyes turn to Vidal.
speaker_heading: CAPITAN
dialog: Nonsense. He didn't own a watch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPPER BEDROOM / BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Ofelia is floating on the warm water of the tub.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: What you've done hurts me. When you get
dialog: out of the tub, you'll go to bed without
dialog: dinner.
text: Ofelia listens in silence, holding back.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Are you listening? Sometimes | think
dialog: you'll never learn to behave.
dialog: You've disappointed me, and your father,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: The Captain?
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Yes- Him more than me.
text: The faintest trace of satisfaction is visible on Ofelia's
text: face. Carmen leaves.
text: The Green Fairy flies in through the open window. Ofelia
text: greets it.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: I've got the key. Take me to the
text: labyrinth.
scene_heading: EXT. LABYRINTH - THE WELL - NIGHT
text: With the book and the key in hand, Ofelia steps to the
text: center of the well. She is wearing a striped robe.
text: She examines the engravings on the monolith: the Faun,
text: embracing a girl and a baby.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: That's me and the girl is you.
text: From out of the shadows comes the Faun. The Green Fairy
text: hurries to him.
speaker_heading: OFELIA
dialog: And the baby?
text: The Faun comes near Ofelia chewing a chunk of raw meat.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: I see that you got the key-
text: The Green Fairy lands on his shoulder. He feeds her some meat.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: She's very glad you succeeded. She's
dialog: believed in you from the very start.
dialog: Keep the key. You'll be needing it. And
dialog: this also-
text: Out of nowhere he produces a piece of white chalk.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: a piece of chalk-
text: Ofelia takes the chalk.
speaker_heading: FAUN
text: There are still two tasks left and the
dialog: moon is almost full. Be patient.
text: He caresses her face with his dirty hands, which are covered
text: with creeping bugs.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: We'll soon be strolling through the seven
dialog: circular gardens of your palace.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: How do I know that what you say is true??
text: As he comes closer, the Faun's face again comes into the
text: light. A wicked grin is revealed-
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: Why would a poor little faun like me lie
dialog: to you?
text: Ofelia leaves the well.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MILL - SUNRISE
text: VIDAL opens the warehouse.
text: A large CROWD OF PEOPLE lines up for rations.
text: The soldiers keep order as Vidal supervises the distribution
text: of wheat, cooking oil and tobacco.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Proceed.
speaker_heading: SERRANO
dialog: Have your cards in hand and ready. Let's
dialog: go. Your name?
text: In a logbook, he makes note of every handout.
text: Mercedes, Conchita and Paz come out of the granary carrying
text: baskets of bread. Each piece is contained in a brown bag
text: with a legend printed. The Guardia Civil Capitan grabs a
text: piece and starts reciting the printed legend.
speaker_heading: CAPITAN
dialog: This is our daily bread in Franco's
dialog: Spain! Which we keep safe in this mill.
dialog: The Reds lie when they say there's hunger
dialog: in Spain. Because in a united Spain,
dialog: there's not a single home without a warm
dialog: fire or without bread.
text: Mercedes looks toward the mountains.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NORTH BEDROOM - DAWN
text: Ofelia wakes up next to her mother. She quietly slips out of
text: bed; her mother sleeps on. As Ofelia reaches the middle of
text: the room, her mother moans softly.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM NORTH BEDROOM - DAWN
text: Ofelia opens the special book. Impatient, she starts turning
dialog: the pages-
text: NOTHING.
text: She keeps flipping through, looking and looking. But each
text: page fades to white.
text: Ofelia looks at a beam of sunlight coming in from the small
text: bathroom window. She reaches out her hand and plays with it.
text: She looks down at a page in the book. A small red stain has
text: appeared. Blood.
text: It spreads rapidly, until it covers the whole page.
text: Frightened, Ofelia drops the book. The blood flows onto the
text: next page and covers it, too.
text: Ofelia notices a bloodstain on her nightgown.
text: She steps back. Opens the door.
speaker_heading: CARMEN (V.O.)
dialog: (weak)
dialog: Ofelia...
scene_heading: INT. NORTH BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Ofelia returns to her mother. Huge torrents of blood flow
text: from the bed onto the floor. Carmen extends a bloody hand
text: toward the girl.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: (barely a whisper)
dialog: Ofelia... help me...
text: She gets out of bed; the lower half of her body is
text: completely bloody.
text: Ofelia runs to her. Carmen disappears from her arms.
scene_heading: EXT. MILL - EARLY MORNING
text: Ofelia hurries from the building and goes to Vidal, who
text: supervises the food rationing.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Captain! Come quickly!
text: CAMERA pulls back to follow Vidal as he runs inside the
dialog: mill.
text: The day is just beginning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MILL - DAY
text: It’s raining. Vidal and the Doctor stand near the front
dialog: entrance:
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Your wife needs absolute bed rest. She'll
dialog: be sedated from now on. The girl should
dialog: sleep somewhere else. I'll stay here
dialog: until the birth.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Take care of her. Heal her. I don't care
dialog: what it costs or what you need, make her
dialog: well.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Ofelia surveys the filthy attic and the dark, low ceiling,
text: full of holes.
text: Mercedes and Conchita make a bed with a large comforter and
text: several fluffy pillows.
text: Conchita leaves.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Don't worry. Your mother will get better
dialog: soon, you'll see. Having a baby is
dialog: complicated.
text: Ofelia shakes her head.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Then I'll never have a one.
text: Mercedes sits by her side.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: You are helping the men in the woods,
dialog: aren't you?
text: This comes out of the blue. Mercedes freezes and after a
dialog: long beat:
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Have you told anyone?
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: No, I haven't- I don't want anything bad
dialog: happening to you.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Or me to you-
text: They embrace softly.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Do you know a lullaby?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: Only one, but I don't remember the words.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: I don't care. I still want to hear it.
dialog: As she sings we-
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Mercedes is alone in the kitchen. She carries a canvas bag.
text: There is a low flame burning on the charcoal range.
text: She kneels down and removes a tile from the floor: she has
text: hidden some food, a bottle of Orujo and some papers. She
text: transfers everything to the canvas bag. Someone comes into
text: the kitchen, startling her.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Don’t be afraid- it’s just me--
text: Mercedes exhales, relieved.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Are you ready?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Well, let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST / RIVER- NIGHT
text: Carrying the bag, Mercedes walks through the river with the
dialog: Doctor.
text: They stop in front of a large, half-cut tree.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: This is sheer madness. When that man
dialog: finds out about us, he'll kill us all.
dialog: Have you thought about that?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Are you that afraid of him, Doctor?
text: After a long beat-
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: It's not fear, at least not for myself.
text: A noise. Then silence. The tree trunks sway and creak
text: softly. Something moves among the trees...
text: Mercedes takes a couple steps... and suddenly, someone is
text: there: it is Pedro, the young guerrilla. He hugs her.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Pedro, Pedro- My brother.
text: He kisses her on both cheeks. The Doctor looks around with
text: alarm as twenty more men appear from out of the shadows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Ofelia is lying in bed.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You refused the task -
text: Ofelia is startled: the Faun is perched on the foot rail of her
text: bed, like a big crow.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: N-no- my mother is sick.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: That's no excuse for negligence.
text: The Faun looks in a tattered bag, takes out a twisted root
text: of MANDRAKE.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: Look, this is a mandrake root. A plant
dialog: that dreamt of being human. Put it under
dialog: your mother's bed in a bow] of fresh
dialog: milk. Each morning give it two drops of
dialog: blood.
text: Ofelia, revolted, takes the root.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: Now, we have no time to waste. The full
dialog: moon will be upon us.
dialog: Let my pets guide you through--
text: He hands her his basket. The Fairies chitter-chatter inside
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You're going to a very dangerous place,
dialog: so be careful.
dialog: The thing that slumbers there, it's not
dialog: human...
text: He hands her a small, dark hourglass.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You will see a sumptuous banquet, but
dialog: don't eat or drink anything.
dialog: Your life depends on it.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Mercedes, Pedro and the Doctor arrive at a large cave mouth.
text: GUERILLA sentries allow them to pass.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: The walls are covered with soot.
text: A dozen more guerillas sit around an open fire in the middle
text: of the cave.
text: Mercedes opens up the canvas bag and starts handing out
text: letters, food, tobacco and newspapers.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I've brought some Orujo, tobacco, cheese.
text: Some mail for "Trigo" and "Piloto.".
text: The men divide a newspaper among themselves. One page each.
text: The doctor approaches a group of wounded men. One of them,
text: FRENCHIE, is very weak. His leg is bandaged.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Let«s see how that leg is doing, Frenchie-
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Well, how do you think it’s doing?? It's
dialog: fucked up-
speaker_heading: STUTTER
dialog: .. North American, B-b-british and C-c
text: canadian T-t-troops disemb-b-barked on a
dialog: small beach in the North of F-F-france-
text: STUTTER, a thin guy in his thirties, reads a ragged
dialog: newspaper.
speaker_heading: TRIGO
dialog: Gimme that, you stammering piece of shit!
text: Muscle-bound TRIGO grabs the newspaper from Stutter.
speaker_heading: TRIGO
text: More than 150,000 soldiers... under the
dialog: command of General Dwight D. Eisenhower
dialog: who said: "We will not accept anything
dialog: less than complete victory over Germany."
text: The Doctor cuts the bandages off Frenchie's leg. It looks
dialog: horrible.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Is it bad, doctor?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Look, Frenchie- There's no way to save
dialog: it.
dialog: Everyone goes quiet-
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - LATER
text: The Doctor readies a stainless steel bone saw.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I'll try to do it in as few cuts as I
dialog: can.
text: The men give Frenchie the bottle. He gulps down half of it.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: (stoically)
dialog: Wait a second, doctor, just a second.
text: Frenchie looks longingly at his leg. One last time- Then, he
text: takes hold of Trigo and Rubio's arms. Mercedes and Pedro put
text: all their weight on the injured limb.
text: The Doctor touches his saw to the leg-
dialog: -and cuts.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - SUNRISE
text: Ofelia takes the book out from under her bed. Opening it,
text: she sees herself illustrated in a room with a lavish table
text: full of food. In the wall are three niches. And at the far
text: end of the table, a pale human figure.
speaker_heading: OFELIA (V.O.)
dialog: Use the chalk to trace a door anywhere in
dialog: your room. Open it and start the
dialog: hourglass - let yourself be guided by the
dialog: Fairies-
text: Ofelia draws the outline of a door on the wall... and then
text: opens it onto a long hallway. Ofelia goes through, wearing
text: the wicker basket around her neck.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Don't eat or drink anything and come back
text: before the last grain of sand falls
dialog: through...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY LEADING TO DINING HALL - SUNRISE
text: The girl walks down a corridor with a low ceiling and a
text: multitude of arches. Each column represents a tree with
text: fanning branches. An elaborate mosaic pattern spreads over
text: the floor; the ceiling fresco depicts the lunar cycle.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET HALL - SAME
text: In the next room, a large, wooden table overflows with a
text: cornucopia of cakes, meat, fish, liquor, exotic fruits...
text: Light and warmth pour forth from a roaring fireplace.
text: A PALE MAN with a gaunt, featureless face and skeletal body
text: sits silently at the far end of the table.
text: He's ominously still, his head hanging at an odd angle. In
text: front of him, a small metallic plate displays two human
text: eyeballs.
text: It's very hot: beads of sweat roll down Ofelia's face. Her
text: hungry stomach growls.
text: She spots the three niches.
text: She takes out her golden key and considers the doors. Each
text: one clad in smooth gold, with identical locks.
text: The wicker basket starts to shake furiously. Ofelia opens
text: it. The Fairies fly out.
text: They buzz around the three niches, like flies around honey.
text: They fan their wings repeatedly, vibrating, communicating,
text: sniffing the gold doors.
text: Stepping back to let the Fairies investigate, Ofelia knocks
text: over a platter of green grapes.
text: She picks them up and puts them back on the table. One of
text: the grapes remains on the floor.
text: The Green Fairy stops in front of the door in the middle,
text: announcing its decision.
text: Ofelia goes to the door and puts the key in the lock.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: No- It's this one-
text: -she goes to the adjoining door, sticks the key in the lock
text: and turns it. CLACK.
text: She opens the door and reaches through the doorway to take
dialog: whatever is there.
text: Her hand nears a package, about 16 centimeters long, wrapped
dialog: ina dirty rag.
text: Ofelia looks around: nothing has happened. All is calm. The
text: Pale Man is immobile.
text: Ofelia readies to exit, but then she spots a plate full of
dialog: ripe grapes: so many of them!!
text: She looks back at the eerie, sitting figure: immobile and
text: seemingly lifeless. The Fairies warn her repeatedly, trying
text: to prevent her from eating any grapes. But the girl sneakily
text: picks one up and eats it.
text: Unseen by her- The Pale Man lifts his head and grabs the two
text: human eyeballs from the metallic plate in front of him.
text: He introduces the eyeballs into twin stigmatas in his palms
text: and uses his hands to look around, splaying his fingers like
text: excited peacock feathers as he discovers-
text: -Ofelia eating yet another grape.
text: The Pale Man jerks toward her, in spastic, disembodied
text: steps. He crouches like an animal ready to pounce.
text: Ofelia turns just in time. The Pale Man roars. The Fairies
dialog: fly at him and attack!
text: Flailing his arms, the monster turns over the table, dumping
text: all the food. Swatting and snapping, he eats two of the
text: Fairies. They HOWL as he bites down...
text: Ofelia runs, carrying the precious package. The Green Fairy
text: follows her.
text: The Pale Man comes after her.
scene_heading: INT. LONG HALLWAY
text: Ofelia gets to the end of the hallway. She pounds the blank
text: wall where moments ago there was a door.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC
text: Ofelia's thumping is barely audible.
text: INT. HALLWAY LEADING TO DINING HALL
text: Ofelia sees the Pale Man's silhouette coming up the hallway.
text: Ofelia searches her pockets for the chalk. Finding it, she
text: stands on tiptoe and traces the outline of a door!
text: Ofelia pushes against it and opens-
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - SUNRISE
text: A trapdoor in the attic floor.
text: INT. HALLWAY LEADING TO DINING HALL
text: Ofelia crawls out the new exit. Her legs dangle briefly.
text: The pale monster leaps at them, snarling. Ofelia pulls
text: herself up and out just in time. The Green Fairy follows shortly
dialog: thereafter.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - SUNRISE
text: Ofelia slams the door behind her. The marks on the floor
text: disappear and it seals itself shut.
text: All the while, something directly below bumps violently,
text: almost bursting through the floor.
text: When all is calm, Ofelia sits on the bed, exhausted. The
text: Green Fairy flutters and chirps, excitedly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - SUNRISE
text: The Doctor, Mercedes and Pedro start down the mountain.
speaker_heading: PEDRO
dialog: We'll soon have reinforcements from Jaca.
dialog: Fifty men or more. Then we'll go head to
text: head with Vidal.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: And then what- ? You kill him, they'll
dialog: send another just like him. And
dialog: another...
scene_heading: LATER - RIVER BED
text: The Doctor washes his bloody hands and his surgical
text: instruments in the stream that runs through the mountains.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You're screwed, no guns, no roof over
dialog: your heads... You need food, medicine.
dialog: You should take care of Mercedes. If you
dialog: really loved her, you would cross the
text: border with her. This is a lost cause.
speaker_heading: PEDRO
dialog: I'm staying here, Doctor. There’s no
dialog: choice.
text: He moves away, towards Mercedes, who awaits him nearby. She
text: hands him a copy of the warehouse KEY.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Here’s the key- but you can't come down
dialog: now. It's exactly what he wants-
text: He kisses her on the cheek.
speaker_heading: PEDRO
dialog: Leave it to me.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I'ma coward.
speaker_heading: PEDRO
dialog: No, you're not.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Yes, I am- a coward for living next to
text: that sonofabitch, making his bed, feeding
dialog: him...
dialog: What if the Doctor's right and we cannot
dialog: win?
text: Pedro looks at Mercedes, hugs her fiercely.
speaker_heading: PEDRO
dialog: Well- At least we'll make things harder
dialog: for that bastard.
text: A SONG starts up, full of good cheer.
scene_heading: INT. VIDAL'S STUDY - BATHROOM - SUNRISE
text: Once more, Vidal, shirtless, is shaving with his switchblade
text: while listening to music on the Victrola.
text: On the sink: his father's gold and silver watch.
text: Vidal looks at it and then studies himself in the mirror, as
text: if sizing up an old enemy. He places the steel blade on his
dialog: own reflection and-
text: -cuts swiftly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPPER BEDROOM - DAY
text: The music drifts upstairs into the Upper bedroom.
text: Ofelia approaches her mother, who is asleep in bed, sweating
text: profusely. She caresses her face.
text: There is a breakfast tray on the night stand.
text: Ofelia empties a glass of milk into a bowl and pulls the
text: mandrake root out from under her clothing. She submerges it
text: in the milk, then slides the bowl under the bed.
text: She bites her finger until a small drop of blood appears. It
text: falls into the milk...
text: The mandrake twitches, sucking avidly at the pink liquid.
text: The root uncoils into the floor, spiralling around the legs
text: of the bed-frame.
text: Ofelia hears FOOTSTEPS: somebody's coming into the bedroom.
text: Ofelia stays down: she can see a pair of shoes.
text: It is the Doctor. He checks Carmen's pulse and temperature.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Captain Vidal!
text: Vidal paces nervously, nearby-
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Her temperature is down...
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: But she still has a fever?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: Yes, but it's a good sign- her body is
dialog: responding.
text: Vidal stares at the Doctor, not a trace of emotion in his
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Listen to me. If you have to choose, save
dialog: the baby. That boy will bear my name and
dialog: my father's name, too.
text: Ofelia hears this from beneath the bed.
text: Suddenly an explosion shakes the room. Vidal looks outside,
text: then another explosion rattles the windows.
text: Bits of plaster drop down from the ceiling onto the ground
text: near Ofelia.
text: Cursing, Vidal rushes from the bedroom. The Doctor follows
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS - DAY
text: Vidal hurries out to the garden. The guards have come out of
dialog: their tents and look at-
text: -a colossal column of smoke and fire in the distance.
text: Another explosion shakes the ground.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Ofelia comes out from beneath the bed. Tentatively, she nears
text: her mother's belly.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Brother, brother, if you can hear me...
text: She leans her head gently on it.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: ...things out here aren't too good. And
dialog: soon you'll have to come out. Mom isn't
dialog: doing well.
text: Unexpectedly, the girl tears up.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: I'm asking you for one thing, just one:
dialog: don't hurt her.
dialog: She's very pretty, you'll see. Even
dialog: though she's sad some of the time. You'll
dialog: see, when she smiles - you'll love her.
dialog: So- if you do what I say, I'll make you a
dialog: Prince in my kingdom...
dialog: I promise you- a Prince...
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN TRACKS IN COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Something has blown a large crater into the rural railroad
text: track. Tipped into it is the smoking ruin of a locomotive.
text: Vidal inspects a couple of charred BODIES by the wreckage.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: I sounded the whistle- but they wouldn't
dialog: move. I tried to stop, but it was too
dialog: late-
text: The long freight train has derailed in the middle of
text: nowhere. Dozens of GUARDIAS CIVIL patrol the disaster.
text: The engineer and the FIREMAN walk among the burned freight
text: cars with Vidal and his men. Some GUARDIAS CIVIL ride up and
text: dismount.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: What did they steal from inside the
dialog: freight cars?
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: Nothing They didn't open a single one.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: This whole mess- and they didn't open any
text: of the cars. They didn't take anything.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Nothing, are you sure?
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: Nothing, who the hell knows that they
dialog: wanted- other than to make us waste our
dialog: time.
text: And, just as Vidal realizes he's been tricked. The sound of
text: DISTANT GUNFIRE reaches his ears.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MILL - DAY
text: Rain is falling as Vidal's Bentley roars to a stop in front
dialog: of the mill.
text: A gunfight is raging. Staying low, the Captain runs over to
text: Garcés. There are several cadavers strewn on the ground.
text: Guards have taken cover among the trees. Some bloody,
text: wounded soldiers cower on the ground.
text: Garcés is bleeding from a wound on his forehead.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Captain- they came out of nowhere- They
dialog: have grenades...
text: Vidal sees the open bodega. It has been thoroughly looted:
text: jugs and empty crates are scattered everywhere.
dialog: He takes special note of-
text: -the open lock, hanging from the door.
text: Serrano hurries up to him.
speaker_heading: SERRANO
text: One group stayed behind - up on the cliff-
dialog: with rifles... We've surrounded them-
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP FOREST - DAY
text: Holding his gun, Vidal advances on foot through the dripping
text: forest. He is accompanied by a squad of guards.
text: GUNSHOTS. A pair of GUERRILLAS jumps out from a pile of
text: boulders, blasting away. A guard falls down dead at Vidal's
text: feet, three bullets in his chest.
text: Vidal, Serrano and Garcés take cover behind a craggy
text: outcropping. Bullets explode onto the stone.
text: Excited, Vidal glances at his Father's watch and smiles.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: C’mon, Serrano, this is the only decent
dialog: way to die.
text: He leaps out, firing. Two bullets whiz by his head and bury
text: themselves in a tree.
text: Vidal keeps shooting, wounding two of the guerrillas. Garcés
text: follows, also firing.
dialog: Vidal and Garcés get to-
text: -the boulders: kneeling there is a YOUNG GUERRILLA, panting,
text: torn to pieces by the gunfire.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Let me see- Can you talk??
text: The Young Guerrilla gasps for air: a gaping wound on his
text: neck bleeds profusely.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Pity.
text: He empties his pistol into the Young Guerrilla. Garcés is
text: appalled. Vidal reloads and finishes off the second one with
text: a shot to the temple.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: (to Serrano)
dialog: This is useless- we need one alive- Just
dialog: one-
text: Garcés spots something nearby.
text: Lurking in the bushes is a WOUNDED MAN, gasping for air,
text: wounded in the leg.
text: His face remains hidden.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Captain, this one’s still alive. He's got
text: a leg wound.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mercedes comes down the service stairs into the kitchen. She
text: runs to the window. All the kitchen maids are there.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: What's happened?
speaker_heading: CONCHITA
dialog: They took one of them- alive. And they're
text: taking him to the storeroom.
text: Mercedes darts out into the rain.
scene_heading: EXT. MILL - LATE AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: CONCHITA
dialog: Mercedes!
text: Mercedes heads toward the old bodega. She sees the guards
text: drag a man inside.
scene_heading: EXT. BODEGA - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mercedes stands, in the middle of the rain not knowing what
dialog: to do- where to go- where to run-
text: Vidal approaches her.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Mercedes?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I-I needed to get in the bodega-
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Not now, Mercedes.
text: A guard comes out. Mercedes can see-
scene_heading: INT. BODEGA - LATE AFTERNOON
text: -the prisoner is Stutter.
text: Stutter and Mercedes look each other in the eye-
text: There is a mixture of relief and pity in Mercedes! eyes.
text: A guard closes the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Mercedes takes the hidden knife from her apron and peels
text: vegetables. Rapidly and mechanically. The kitchen is
text: bustling with activity, but her mind is miles away.
text: She picks up a dinner tray.
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE- MILL - NIGHT
text: She carries the tray upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: She places the tray on the night stand. Carmen and Ofelia
text: play card games by the light of the oil lamp.
text: The Doctor readies Carmen daily doze of sleeping medication
text: into a glass of water for Carmen.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: This is half the dose: only one drop-
text: As Ofelia comes to the bedside, a weak but conscious Carmen
text: pushes the medicine away.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: I don't think I need it. I feel better.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I don't understand it. But I’m glad.
text: Ofelia smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BODEGA - NIGHT
text: Vidal finishes rolling a cigarette. He's standing in front
text: of Stutter, who is tied to a concrete post.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Damn! This cigarette is good. Real good
dialog: tobacco-
text: He offers him a puff.
speaker_heading: STUTTER
dialog: F-f-f-fuck you-
text: Garcés enters and sets down a table and some chairs.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
text: We catch one and he turns out to be a
dialog: stutterer. Fuck! We'll be here all night.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: As long as he talks, Captain-
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Garcés is right- You better tell us
dialog: everything. Because, to make it happen, I
dialog: brought along a few tools. Nothing fancy-
dialog: Things you pick up along the way.
text: He goes over to a tool box and takes out a hammer, some
text: needle-nose pliers and a leather-working blade.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: At first I won't be able to trust you..
dialog: But when I use this one-
text: He lifts the hammer.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: - you'll own up to a few things...
text: Next, he shows off the pliers.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: When we get to this one, we'll have a
dialog: closer relationship, almost like
dialog: brothers. You'll see.
text: He picks up the blade.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: And when we get to this one, I'll believe
dialog: everything you tell me.
text: Vidal picks up the hammer.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Now- I'll make you a deal. If you can
text: count to three without st-t-tuttering,
dialog: you can go.
text: He approaches the shivering man, who looks around as if in
dialog: search of an answer.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Don't look around, look at me. There's no
dialog: one above me.
dialog: Garcés- If I say this asshole can leave-
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Then he can leave, Captain-
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: So, there- count to three.
text: And Stutter tries- sweating- making a supreme effort-
speaker_heading: STUTTER
dialog: One-
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Good.
text: Again, Stutter struggles and manages a-
speaker_heading: STUTTER
dialog: Two.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: One more and you will be free.
dialog: And he goes for it. But-
speaker_heading: STUTTER
dialog: T--t-t-t-
text: He looks up at Vidal, imploring.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Pity.
text: His arm is a blur as the hammer lands a terrible blow.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Thunder, lightning, it's raining again. Ofelia is asleep in
text: her bed. A shadow passes over her body-
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: Your mother is much better, Your Highness-
dialog: You must be relieved!!
text: Ofelia is startled awake. The Faun looms over her.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Yes, thank you. But things haven't turned
dialog: out so well.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: No??
text: She gives him the package. The Faun opens it: inside there
text: is a long, gold dagger. It's beautiful. The blade is
text: engraved with Celtic lettering and on the handle is the
text: figure of a satyr hugging a girl who holds a baby.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: No. I had an accident.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: An accident??
text: She hands him the Fairy basket. Out of it comes the damaged
text: Green Fairy, who immediately perches atop his shoulder and
text: starts chattering and pointing at the girl.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You broke the rules!
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: It was just two grapes! I thought no one
dialog: would notice-
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: We made a mistake!!
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: A mistake?
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You failed. You can never go back.
dialog: The moon will be full in three days.
dialog: Your spirit will stay forever among
dialog: humans.
dialog: You'll live among them, you'll get old
dialog: like them, you'll die like them-- and
dialog: your memory of us will fade.
dialog: And we'll vanish along with it!
text: The Faun backs into the darkest corner of the attic.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You will never, ever see us again.
text: A flash of lightning briefly illuminates the corner: The
text: Faun is gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BODEGA - SUNRISE
text: Vidal calmly smokes a cigarette under an umbrella. Garcés
text: arrives with the Doctor.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Good day, Doctor. Sorry to wake you so
dialog: early, but I think we need some help.
text: The Doctor goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. BODEGA - MILL - SUNRISE
text: The Doctor comes into the bodega. Vidal stays at the door.
text: Stutter is curled up on the ground. His nose is flattened,
text: one eye is bloodshot and a head wound is bleeding. Flies
text: buzz around him.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: My God, what have you done to him?
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Not much. But things are getting better.
text: Vidal surreptitiously removes a vial of antibiotics from the
text: Doctor's medical bag. He wraps it in a linen handkerchief.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: I like having you near, Doctor. It has
dialog: its advantages.
text: He moves away along with Garcés.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Serrano, stay here-
text: Once alone, the Doctor opens up his bag and takes out some
text: alcohol and gauze to clean the wounds.
speaker_heading: STUTTER
dialog: I spoke. Not much- b-b-but I did-
text: The Doctor sees the man's hand: it's a mess of broken bones
text: and lacerations.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I'm sorry-
text: He glances at Serrano, outside smoking a cigarette.
speaker_heading: STUTTER
dialog: No... Kill me, kill me now.
text: The Doctor looks him in the eye, unsurprised.
scene_heading: INT. VIDAL'S STUDY - DAWN
text: Vidal brings out the packet of medicine from the cave. He
text: takes out a vial of antibiotics and compares it with the one
text: from the Doctor's bag.
text: They are identical.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Son of a bitch-
scene_heading: INT. BODEGA - SUNRISE
text: The Doctor prepares an injection.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (to Stutter, in a whisper)
dialog: It will be over soon.
text: Stutter gratefully squeezes his hand. After a brief
text: hesitation, the Doctor administers the injection.
text: The men stare at one another. Slowly, the life ebbs from
text: Stutter's eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MILL VESTIBULE - SAME
text: Vidal briskly leaves his study. Hearing a door click shut
text: somewhere above- he stops-
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: (to Garcés)
dialog: Go check on Doctor Ferreiro. I'll be
dialog: there soon.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Yes, Captain.
text: Vidal goes upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH BEDROOM
text: Ofelia is crawling under the bed-
text: There she finds the mandrake root, bloated and immobile.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: You're not moving- are you ill?
text: Suddenly, Vidal yanks her out from under the bed.
scene_heading: BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: What the hell are you doing down there?
text: Vidal looks underneath the dust ruffle-
scene_heading: EXT. BODEGA - DAY
text: Garcés walks to the bodega. Serrano snuffs out his
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Where is he? Call him out here-
speaker_heading: SERRANO
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Who do you think, you idiot? Ferreiro!
text: He pushes Serrano aside, enters the bodega-
scene_heading: INT. BODEGA - SAME
text: The Doctor holds the dying Stutter in his arms. Garcés sees-
text: -the syringe in his hands. He understands immediately.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH BEDROOM - DAY
text: VIDAL drags out the mandrake root from under the bed. Its
text: foul smell makes him wince.
speaker_heading: VIDAL (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell is this?
text: He rips it off the milk plate.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: No! Nooo!
text: Vidal is about to hit the girl when-
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Please, leave her be!
text: Vidal turns: Carmen has awakened. She motions for him to
dialog: stop.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Look what she hid under your bed?!
dialog: What do you think of this?
text: He hands Carmen the mandrake root. Ashen-faced and weak,
text: Carmen looks at the disgusting thing, trying to make sense
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Ofelia, what is this doing under the bed?
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: It's a magic root the Faun gave me!
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: This is all because of that junk you let
dialog: her read. Look what you've done-
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Leave us alone, I'll speak to her,
dialog: Darling...
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: As you wish.
text: Vidal, furious, leaves the room.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: The Faun told me you would get better -
dialog: and you did!
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: You have to listen to your father. You
dialog: have to stop all this.
text: Ofelia hugs her mother with all her might.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: No- I want to leave this place! Please,
dialog: let's just go -
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Things are not that simple.
text: Carmen pries her off and looks her in the eye.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: As you get older, you'll see that life
dialog: isn't like your fairy tales. The world is
dialog: a cruel place.
text: She moves away and near the open chimney. The firelight
text: cast shadows over her sweaty face.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: And you'll learn that, even if it hurts.
text: She throws the root into the fire!!
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Noooo!!
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Ofelia!! Magic does not exist!
text: She grabs the girl by the shoulders, shaking her.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Not for you, me or anyone else!
text: Then- a horrible, inhuman squeal. The dying shriek of the
text: mandrake!!! Ofelia watches in horror as the humanoid root
text: writhes and squeals in the chimney flames!!!
text: Carmen gasps and doubles over in pain, clutching her
text: stomach. Ofelia holds her as best as she can.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Help, help, help!
scene_heading: INT. BODEGA - SAME
text: The Ddoctor and Vidal study each other.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Why did you do it?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: It was the only thing I could do.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: No. You could have obeyed me?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I could have. But I did not.
text: From somewhere in the house, someone CRIES OUT. They hear a
text: commotion among the servants. The Doctor stands up and
text: collects his bag.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: But it would have been better for you-
text: Vidal grips his arm, stopping him.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: I don't understand- Why didn't you obey
dialog: me??
text: A long beat. The Doctor knows that his response will seal
dialog: his fate.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: To obey without thinking- just like that-
dialog: Well- that's something only people like
dialog: you can do- Captain-
text: Vidal takes out his gun and shoots the Doctor, who drops to
text: the ground. Vidal stands over him and finishes him off.
text: A stunned Garcés looks on. It begins to rain. Jacinta and
text: Conchita approach Vidal- an urgent murmur.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Garcés!! Have the troop paramedic come to
dialog: my wife's room right away!!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY MILL - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A stream of servants hustles up and down the stairs with
text: steaming basins and clean towels. Some go in and out of the
text: bedroom. The SOUND of Carmen's screams.
text: Vidal and Ofelia wait impatiently outside the bedroom.
text: Beyond the half-open door: chaos. Mercedes washes her bloody
text: hands in a wash basin.
text: Ofelia listens to her mother's cries.
text: Carmen's screams stop, replaced by a NEWBORN'S CRY. The
text: PARAMEDIC walks towards Vidal and whispers-
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: Your wife- is dead-
text: Vidal hurries into the room.
text: Ofelia is now alone in the corridor. There's no one around.
text: She hears the crying infant in her mother's bedroom.
text: A PRIEST's eulogy can be heard.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY ON A HILL - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A beautiful afternoon: the sun is shining, the sky is clear.
text: Gathered around a grave are the Mayor, his wife, the Priest,
text: all THE SERVANTS FROM THE MILL, the guards and Vidal in a
text: civilian black dress suit, with his newborn son in his arms.
text: Ofelia weeps silently. Mercedes puts her hand on Ofelia's
dialog: shoulder.
text: They lower the coffin into the grave.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH BEDROOM - DAY
text: Ofelia closes the trunk that held her mother's dresses. She
text: puts away her mother's make-up, letters and photographs.
text: Various medicines and the bottle of sleeping drops are on
text: the night stand. She puts everything into a small suitcase.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VIDAL'S STUDY - NIGHT
text: Vidal wipes a record with his shirt sleeve. He places it on
dialog: the Victrola.
text: Mercedes lays the sleeping baby in a simple wooden cradle.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: You knew the Doctor well, didn't you
dialog: Mercedes?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: We all knew him, sir. Everyone around
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: The stutterer spoke of an informant here-
dialog: inside the mill. Can you imagine that?
dialog: Right under my nose.
text: Vidal places the needle on the record.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Mercedes, please.
text: He points at an empty seat in front of his desk. The music
text: starts up.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: What must you think of me, my dear young
dialog: woman? You must think I'm a monster.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: What someone like me thinks of you-
dialog: hardly matters, Sir-
text: He pours himself a glass of Orujo and pours one for her as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Would you go to the bodega, Mercedes? And
dialog: bring me another bottle of liquor.
dialog: Please.
text: He glances at the bottle: a quarter of the liquor still
dialog: remains.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Yes, sir- right away.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Aren't you forgetting something?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: The key. I have the only copy, don't I?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Y-yes.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: You know? Something's bothering me. It's
dialog: not important, a tiny detail- but the day
text: they broke into the storehouse, with all
dialog: those grenades and explosives, the lock
dialog: itself was never forced.
dialog: But as I said- It's probably not
dialog: important.
text: He gives her the key and hovers dangerously.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Be very careful.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Good night, sir.
text: Vidal watches her leave as he sips his liquor.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: The music from Vidal's study carries into the kitchen.
text: Mercedes pries up the loose floor tile and fills her canvas
text: bag with letters and groceries. She hears a noise, and
dialog: stops: nothing...
text: She hurriedly keeps packing.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Ofelia, sound asleep. A shadow looms over her. She wakes up-
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Shh. Ofelia- I'm leaving tonight.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I can't tell you.
text: Ofelia puts her arms around her neck.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Take me with you, please.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I can't, my child-
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Take me with you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MILL - NIGHT
text: Ofelia and Mercedes cautiously move away from the mill.
text: Mercedes uses an old umbrella to shelter the girl from the
dialog: rain.
scene_heading: INT. RIVER BED - NIGHT
text: The two women wade the shallow end of the river. Suddenly a
dialog: noise-
text: Mercedes pauses, agitated.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I heard something-
text: She listens intently.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Nothing- It was nothing.
text: When she turns, she's surprised to discover-
text: Vidal, Serrano and half a dozen men surrounding them. Vidal
text: nods at them, gentlemanly.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Mercedes-
text: Then he gazes down at his stepdaughter.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Ofelia...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Vidal pushes Ofelia into the attic.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: How long have you known about her?? Uh??
text: He slaps the girl- twice.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: How you must have laughed at me, you
dialog: little bitch!!
text: He turns to his men, awaiting orders by the door.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Lock the door-
dialog: Keep an eye on her and if anyone tries to
dialog: get in, kill her first.
text: He exits. Leaving the weeping girl alone in the enormous
dialog: attic.
scene_heading: INT. BODEGA - DAY
text: Vidal takes the canvas bag from Mercedes. He opens it and
text: brings out a few meager items.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Dry meat- Tobacco - if you had asked for
dialog: it, I would have given it to you,
dialog: Mercedes-
text: Then, a small packet of letters.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: I want the names of anyone named in these
dialog: letters and I want them in front of me-
dialog: first thing in the morning.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Yes, Sir!
text: Garcés nods he finishes roping Mercedes to the exact same
text: wooden post where Stutter was tied.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: You can leave, Garcés.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: You're sure, Captain?
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: For God's sake, she's just a woman.
text: Garcés leers and leaves.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: That's what you always thought. That's
dialog: why I was able to get away with it. I was
dialog: invisible to you.
text: Vidal rolls up his sleeves and unbuttons his shirt collar.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Damn. You found my weakness: arrogance.
dialog: How perceptive.
dialog: But we’re here to find your weak points.
text: Vidal busies himself with his tools: the hammer, pliers, etc.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: It's very simple: you will talk... and
dialog: Ihave to know that everything you say is
dialog: the truth.
text: Straining against the ropes, Mercedes manages reach the
text: knife in her apron.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: At first, I won't be able to trust-
dialog: Suddenly- WHACK!!!
text: Vidal’s body shudders-
text: -he puts his hand to his left shoulder blade. He looks at
text: his bloody fingers. He turns around and stumbles.
text: Mercedes holds the knife. Vidal reaches for his gun.
text: Mercedes stabs him again, this time deep in his upper arm.
text: As Vidal doubles over in pain, she sticks the knife in his
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: At first, I won't be able to trust-
dialog: I'm not some old man -! Not a wounded
dialog: prisoner- ! Sonofabitch- sonofabitch-
dialog: Don’t you dare touch the girl... You won't
dialog: be the first pig I've gutted -!
text: With a brutal thrust - from the inside out - she slices open
text: his cheek. Vidal collapses, gurgling blood. Mercedes uses
text: the knife to cut the ropes as quick as she can.
text: Once free, Mercedes runs toward the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BODEGA - NIGHT
text: Outside, no one has any idea of what has just happened.
text: Garcés, Serrano and other guards go about their business.
text: Garcés, in fact, is listening to a radio, tuned to the
text: NATIONAL LOTTERY results. He holds in his hand the
text: Guerrilla's abandoned ticket.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: ... the winning numbers are...
text: Mercedes, surreptitious, moves away into the woods. Serrano
text: spots her at the last minute.
speaker_heading: SERRANO
dialog: (to Garcés)
dialog: He let her go!
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Shh-
text: He listens to the radio and finally, grunting crumples the
text: lottery ticket and moves towards Serrano.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: What the fuck are you talking about??
text: Serrano points at Mercedes, already halfway into the woods.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Hey!
text: She starts to run. Garcés pulls out his gun and readies it.
text: Vidal stumbles out of the bodega, bleeding and covering his
text: face with his right hand.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: (to Garcés)
dialog: Get her!!!
text: Garcés is shocked- an injured Vidal???
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Captain! What-??
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Bring her to me, Goddamit!!!
text: He uncovers his slashed face.
text: Garcés, startled runs to comply.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: (to all men)
dialog: Mount up!!!
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP FOREST - NIGHT
text: Mercedes runs through the trees.
text: Suddenly a rumble makes her turn around: A group of TEN MEN
text: on horses surges into view.
text: She stumbles, losing ground.
text: Mercedes gets up, limping now-
text: She gets to a clearing. Closing in, Garcés dismounts. Six
text: other riders surround her. Mercedes flashes her knife. The
text: horsemen tighten the circle around her.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: It'll be better if you come without
text: struggling. The Captain-
text: She puts the blade to her own throat.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: Don't be foolish, sweetheart, if anyone
dialog: is going to kill you-
text: He takes out his gun.
speaker_heading: GARCES
dialog: It'll be me-
text: He walks up to her. Suddenly, a gunshot hits him in the
text: chest, and then another and another. He falls to the ground,
dialog: dead.
text: A series of gunshots pick off the other horsemen.
text: The last three soldiers try to escape. One is killed by a
text: furious hail of bullets; Serrano and another one manage to
dialog: get away.
text: A blood-spattered Mercedes sees men emerging from the
text: forest: Pedro now leads FORTY ARMED GUERRILLAS.
text: Brother and sister embrace. The Guerillas finish off the
text: injured soldiers on the ground.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Ofelia lies on the floor, motionless, defeated, when the
text: Green Fairy appears.
text: Ofelia sits up, and the Faun is there.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: I've decided to give you one last chance.
text: Mesmerized, Ofelia nods.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You promise to listen, to do everything I
dialog: tell you? Without question?
text: Ofelia nods again.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: Very well, then: Pick up your brother and
dialog: bring him to the labyrinth- as fast as
dialog: you can. Your Highness...
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: My brother?
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: We need him.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Why-
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: No more questions.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
text: The door's locked.
text: The Faun gives her piece of chalk.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: Then, create your own door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MILL - NIGHTFALL
text: Serrano and the injured soldier return to the mill.
scene_heading: INT. VIDAL'S STUDY - NIGHT
text: Vidal sews his split cheek and then wraps a blood-stained
text: bandage around it.
text: Ofelia steals in, past the Captain's desk.
text: In the cradle, the baby starts crying.
text: The baby's wails grow louder. The Captain turns around;
text: Ofelia hides but leaves her magic chalk behind.
text: Vidal goes to a small table and serves himself the last of
text: the Orujo. He's takes a sip. The bandage soaks up in blood
text: and alcohol. He grunts-
text: -and pours himself another one.
text: He's about to take a sip when he sees the chalk on his desk.
text: He instinctively readies his gun... Then-
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Captain- Captain- Please come, quickly-
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
text: Serrano is back. He's wounded.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Wounded?
text: He leaves the study. Ofelia comes out from hiding and looks
text: at the cradle, at the crying infant.
text: She takes out her mother's bottle of sleeping medicine and
text: empties it into Vidal's liquor.
scene_heading: EXT. MILL - NIGHT
text: A dozen men gather around the WOUNDED GUARD.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: What happened?? Where is Garcés??
text: Serrano shakes his head.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: How many were there?
speaker_heading: WOUNDED GUARD
dialog: I don't know, sir. The shots came from
text: all around us. Fifty- at least-
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
text: None of the watch posts are responding,
dialog: Sir-
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: How many men here in camp?
speaker_heading: SERRANO
dialog: Twenty, maybe less, sir-
text: Vidal does the math.
scene_heading: INT. VIDAL'S STUDY - NIGHT
text: Ofelia lifts her brother from the cradle.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: We're leaving. Together. Don't be afraid.
dialog: Nothing is going to happen to you.
text: She wraps him in a blanket and tries to soothe him. Halfway
text: to the door, she hears footsteps and hides in a nook.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
text: Put the remaining men on picket duty at
text: the tree line- when another squad gets
dialog: back, have it report immediately to me.
text: Vidal comes back in, followed by the Sergeant.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Call for reinforcements.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: The Sergeant leaves, Vidal goes to his drink. But he stops
text: to pick up his gold and silver watch; he winds it and slips
text: it into his pocket.
text: Finally, he drinks his Orujo.
text: In the shadows, Ofelia takes a few steps towards the door.
text: Outside, the sound of SHOUTING and GUNFIRE. An explosion
text: illuminates the room, revealing Ofelia and the baby to
dialog: Vidal.
text: Vidal takes out his gun and takes a few faltering steps.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Put him down-
text: The girl edges toward the study door. Vidal stumbles toward
text: her. Outside, a terrible explosion shatters the window and
text: shakes the whole house.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: I'm warning you- put him down-
text: He trips on his desk, barely staying on his feet. Ofelia
text: runs away. Vidal tries to shake himself awake and goes after
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. MILL VESTIBULE - NIGHT
text: The girl runs toward the kitchen. Another explosion lights
text: up the room, allowing Vidal to see her. He heads straight at
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND THE MILL - NIGHT
text: Ofelia runs outside, holding her brother. She looks up. The
text: moon is FULL.
text: She runs toward the labyrinth.
text: Vidal staggers out behind her. In the background, more
text: explosions, flames and bursts of fire. A battle rages in the
dialog: forest.
text: Some bullets whiz past Vidal, but he keeps going.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY TO ATTIC
text: Mercedes walks up the attic stairs, followed by Pedro and a
text: few of his men.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: She finds the attic empty. On a wall there is a child's
text: chalk drawing of a doorway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LABYRINTH - NIGHT
text: Ofelia dashes into the labyrinth. Vidal is not far behind.
text: The sleeping medicine makes him stumble and falter. He
text: slumps against a wall. Ofelia gains on him.
text: But right away, she loses her way, but the leafy walls move
dialog: aside to guide her-!
dialog: -first one, then another-
dialog: -and yet another.
text: Vidal, meanwhile, bumps into obstacles at every turn. Head
text: spinning, he pauses.
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA IN CENTER OF LABYRINTH - NIGHT
text: Reaching the rotunda, Ofelia sees the Faun waiting, halfway
text: up the stone staircase.
text: Ofelia calms the baby and starts down the stairs toward him.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: Quickly, Your Majesty, give him to me.
dialog: The full moon is almost here and we need
text: him to open the portal.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: (seeing something)
dialog: What's that in your hand?
dialog: It's the golden dagger.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: The portal will only open if we shed the
dialog: blood of an innocent. A pin prick- That's
dialog: all. Just a drop of blood-
dialog: It's the last task!! Hurry!!
text: The basket shakes furiously. The Green Fairy escapes and
text: buzzes furiously around Ofelia.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You promised to do it, so give me the
dialog: boy. I want to leave this place, I can't
dialog: wait any longer!
text: The Faun comes closer to the girl. His face radiates a
text: wicked hunger. She steps back, horrified.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: No. My brother stays with me.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You would give up your sacred rights for
dialog: this brat?
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: Yes, I would.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: You will give up your throne for him? He
dialog: who has caused you such misery, such
dialog: humiliation?
text: Vidal comes into the rotunda. He sees Ofelia, alone. He
text: can't see the Faun. With enormous effort, Vidal lifts his
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: As you wish- Your Highness-
text: As he recedes into the darkness, Vidal shoots. The bullet
text: hits Ofelia in the stomach. She falls gently to the ground,
text: at the edge of the well, clutching her baby brother.
text: The book lands next to her.
text: Vidal picks up the infant. Ofelia reaches out for help,
text: tears in her eyes. Vidal ignores her, spits on the ground
text: and leaves.
text: CAMERA closes in on Ofelia's face. A ribbon of blood streams
text: from her nose.
scene_heading: INT. LABYRINTH - NIGHT
text: Vidal runs down the last path of the labyrinth, leading to
dialog: the exit-
scene_heading: EXT. LABYRINTH - NIGHT
text: -where Pedro and his men are waiting. In their midst:
dialog: Mercedes.
text: With a loud bang- gunshots tear into Vidal. Vidal falls to
text: his knees, hoisting his howling son in the air.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: My son-
text: Mercedes walks forward. Vidal and Mercedes look at each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Tell him about his father- About the time
dialog: his father died-
text: Mercedes takes the baby in her arms.
text: Vidal understands the situation. He takes out his pocket
text: watch and smashes it on the ground.
speaker_heading: VIDAL
dialog: Tell him-
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: No-
text: Pedro steps over to Vidal, gun in his hand.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (to Vidal)
dialog: He won’t even know your name.
text: Mercedes! words are Vidal's last and most painful wound. His
text: face goes pale-
text: - and Pedro shoots him in the head.
text: Vidal collapses, dead.
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA IN CENTER OF LABYRINTH
text: Mercedes and Pedro reach the rotunda. Mercedes kneels next
text: to the dying girl. Crying, Mercedes hums a sweet Galician
text: lullaby.
text: Ofelia's pupils dilate.
text: Her blood runs down into the well, into the puddle at the
text: bottom. The moon's reflection shimmers.
text: In the book, an image takes shape: Ofelia at a royal court,
text: in front of a fabulous banquet.
speaker_heading: KING/FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: Arise, my daughter.
scene_heading: INT. VAST HALL - NIGHT
text: Ofelia stands. The labyrinth has disappeared.
text: This is an immense hall, in a dark, sumptuous castle. A
text: swarm of fairies floats around her head. Before her, on a
text: golden throne sits the KING OF THE UNDERWORLD.
text: At his side, an almost unrecognizable Carmen - radiant and
text: gilded, she has transformed into a FAIRY QUEEN. Between
text: them, there is another throne, empty, waiting.
text: Ofelia looks at the King-
speaker_heading: OFELIA.
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Father...
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: It was your blood and not that of an
dialog: innocent that made you worthy of the
dialog: throne. It was the last task. The most
dialog: important one...
text: And out from behind a pillar comes out the Faun. Smiling,
text: surrounded by the Fairies.
speaker_heading: FAUN
dialog: And you chose well, Your Highness...
text: He bows down.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: So, come sit by your Father’s side, my
dialog: child? He’s been waiting so long.
text: The Green Fairy flies around Ofelia, celebrating her return.
text: Ofelia is cheered by a hundred voices.
dialog: Ofelia smiles-
scene_heading: INT. LABYRINTH - NIGHT
text: - and finally dies. In her eye: one frozen tear. Mercedes
text: hugs the dead girl.
text: CAMERA dollies back. The moon is reflected at the bottom of
text: the pool. Buzzing in the night air is the Stick Insect.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: And it is said that the Princess went
dialog: back to her father's kingdom-
dialog: And that she reigned with justice and a
dialog: kind heart for many centuries. And that
dialog: she was loved by all her subjects...
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF FOREST - SUNRISE
text: The sunlight emanates gradually from the darkness and shines
text: on the silhouette of the fallen fig tree.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: And, like most of us, she left behind
text: small traces of her time on earth.
dialog: Visible only to those that know where to
dialog: look...
text: The fig tree is flowering again.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 
