speaker_heading: LAMB OF GOD
dialog: Written by
dialog: Diablo Cody
scene_heading: MUSIC UP: A CHEESY, SYNTH-HEAVY BALLAD
scene_heading: EXT. MANNERHEIM HOUSE (TO ESTABLISH) - MORNING
text: A “Tuscan"-style tract house in a remote, snow-covered field.
text: The house looks very out of place, probably because this
text: isn’t Tuscany. A deer grazes nearby.
text: There’s a plastic “life-size” NATIVITY SCENE in the yard. The
text: BABY JESUS is discreetly tethered to the manger with a bike
dialog: lock. Theft prevention.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A POOR-QUALITY VIDEO TAKEN AT A TALENT SHOW.
text: LAMB MANNERHEIM, 17, grips a microphone and paces the stage.
text: Lamb is pretty, but in an extremely modest, wholesome way.
text: Her clothes are dated, and she wears her long hair in an old-
dialog: fashioned style. Think Walmart meets Little House on the
dialog: Prairie.
text: A homemade American Idol-inspired banner on the stage reads:
dialog: “Christ is OUR Idol! Youth Talent Night 2007.”
dialog: Lamb takes this performance very seriously, even if it’s just
text: for friends and family. She holds the mic like a pro, fanning
text: her fingers and using moves she’s learned from TV. She smiles
text: and begins to sing in an unsteady, nervous voice.
text: The song is “Place in This World,” a Christian anthem by
dialog: Michael W. Smith.
speaker_heading: LAMB (2007)
text: The wind is moving
dialog: But I am standing still
dialog: A life of pages
dialog: Waiting to be filled
scene_heading: INT. MANNERHEIM HOUSE (LAMB’S BEDROOM) - MORNING
text: We pan past a wall of family photos and mass-produced
text: Christian art. A sticker that says “Real Women Eat Meat.” A
text: MONTANA BIBLE COLLEGE pennant. A cross.
text: Lamb, now 21, is lying in bed. Faintly, as if underwater, we
text: hear the singing performance playing in another room.
speaker_heading: LAMB (2007)
dialog: A heart that's hopeful
dialog: A head that's full of dreams
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 2.
speaker_heading: LAMB (2007) (CONT'D)
dialog: But this becoming
dialog: Is harder than it seems
text: Lamb rolls over stiffly. We see her arms, covered with FLESH-
text: TONED COMPRESSION GARMENTS-- they’re like Ace bandages
text: crossed with fingerless gloves.
text: Lamb sits up, slowly and with effort. She’s a pretty young
text: woman. But her shoulders and neck are marred by PINK SCAR
dialog: TISSUE. The scars could be covered with the right clothing,
text: but right now, every flaw is exposed.
text: She winces in pain. Every day begins with pain.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: ow.
text: We INTERCUT with the video, which we can now deduce is
text: playing in another room of the house.
speaker_heading: LAMB (2007) (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm looking for a reason
dialog: Roamin' through the night to find
dialog: My place in this world
dialog: My place in this world
text: Lamb groans, stiffly swinging her legs out of bed. She
text: wiggles her toes and reaches for a prescription PILL BOTTLE,
text: close at hand.
text: Lamb dry-swallows four Vicodin pills in rapid succession--
dialog: she’s a pro at this.
text: We see that there’s a cup of HOT CHOCOLATE waiting for her on
text: the bed table. A CANDY CANE and some MINI-MARSHMALLOWS
text: dissolve in the cocoa. Lamb moves the cup, revealing that the
text: napkin/coaster bears a handwritten message: “You R Still
dialog: Pretty!!! XOxO Mom."
text: Lamb wrinkles her nose at the cocoa.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Ugh.
text: Lamb exits the room and follows the sound of the talent show
text: video to its source.
scene_heading: INT. MANNERHEIM HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - SAME
text: The living room is bedecked with religious Christmas items.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 3.
text: MELANIE and DOUG MANNERHEIM, Lamb’s surprisingly young
text: parents, are watching the talent show video on a gigantic
text: plasma TV.
text: MELANIE is an attractive woman with flowing curls and a
text: sparkling bejeweled cross necklace.
text: DOUG has spiky hair and a fitted button-down shirt with Ed
text: Hardy-esque embroidery on it.
text: As they watch the video, Melanie provides rapid-fire
dialog: commentary:
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: This part I thought she did
dialog: so well. You know that thing she
dialog: does where she kind of takes off
dialog: and makes it her own? That’s called
dialog: a “run.”
dialog: Doug has watched this many times before.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Lamb could have gotten a talent
dialog: agent. I should have taken her to
dialog: that open call in Missoula.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: That was a a long time ago.
text: Lamb's annoyed voice interrupts.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Mom, you’re watching this again?
text: Lamb has appeared in the living room entry, looking
text: disheveled and vulnerable with her scars and compression
text: garments on rare display.
text: Melanie reacts as though she’s been caught watching porn.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Oh! Lamb. You’re up early. Doug,
dialog: where’s the clicker?
text: She roots around for the remote control. Finds a couple of
text: them in the couch. Flings them aside.
speaker_heading: MELANIE (CONT'D)
dialog: The small clicker...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: ‘Morning, Lamb.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Do you want your robe?
text: The Mannerheim household is a modest one, and Melanie isn’t
text: comfortable looking at Lamb uncovered. She tries to turn off
text: the tape, but only succeeds in TURNING UP THE VOLUME. Lamb
text: shouts over the song.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I asked you not to watch this
dialog: anymore. I even hid the tape in
dialog: Dad’s gun safe.
text: Doug looks at Melanie. She sighs.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: We all know the combination is the
dialog: dog's birthday.
text: On the TV: a young, stunning Lamb sings: My place in this
text: world. My place in this world. Lamb stares numbly at her
text: former self on the giant screen as Doug turns down the
dialog: volume.
speaker_heading: MELANIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Let’s get your robe. You must
dialog: be freezing.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m a burn victim. I’m always
text: freezing. Read the pamphlets again.
text: An awkward silence.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Hey, did you see Mom made you a
dialog: Candy Cane Cocoa?
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: I even put some midget marshmallows
dialog: in there.
dialog: (to Doug)
dialog: Is it okay to say “midget” if it’s
dialog: about a confection?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I'd say little. Mini.
text: Lamb interrupts angrily. She gestures to the TV, where her
text: younger self still sings.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 5.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Why the-- why the hell are you
dialog: doing this to me?
text: Both parents pause, surprised by her language. Lamb has never
dialog: uttered the word “hell” in her life. (At least not in this
dialog: context.)
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Lamb!
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: This is bull.
text: Now Doug and Melanie are shocked.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: That’s enough cursing.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: (to Doug)
dialog: Maybe she didn’t take her
dialog: medication yet. She has so much
dialog: pain in the morning.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I took it, Mom. I took four.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: You mean you took one...
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Times four.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Lamb, you’re supposed to be
text: tapering off the pills.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Well, Mom, you’re supposed to be
text: “tapering off” the scrapbooks and
dialog: photo albums and talent show videos
dialog: from back when I didn’t look like
dialog: Frankenstein. Now turn it off.
dialog: (hesitating)
dialog: Damn it!
text: Melanie shuts off the TV and stares at her daughter. Cursing
dialog: is one thing. Taking the Lord’s name in vain is another
dialog: entirely.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 6.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Lamb Grace Mannerheim. Did you just
dialog: say the worst curse in my Tuscan
dialog: mini-mansion?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Frankenstein was the doctor, not
dialog: the monster. You’re an English
dialog: major, honey. You should know that.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I was an English major.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You're still technically enrolled.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You might say I’m burned out on
dialog: college, Dad. Get it? Ha ha.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: You were doing so good. What’s
dialog: gotten into you lately?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (to Melanie)
dialog: Could be the Devil.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Duh. Obviously.
text: Lamb gives up, her shoulders sagging in defeat.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m sorry. I’m really sorry. I’m
dialog: just not feeling well today. Got my
dialog: monthly bill.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What bill?
text: Lamb trudges off back toward her room.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m going to go practice my guest
dialog: sermon, okay?
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Let me know when you’re ready for
dialog: hair and makeup.
text: Melanie and Doug exchange glances as she leaves. This isn’t
dialog: the Lamb they know.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 7.
scene_heading: INT. LAMB'S ROOM —- MORNING
text: Lamb sits on her bed. She wears a modest dress, a flowered
text: headband and lace tights. Her hair is pulled up into one of
dialog: those pouf/braid combos commonly seen on fundamentalist
dialog: Christian women.
text: Melanie has a large professional tacklebox filled with
text: makeup. She uses a puff to apply some type of cover-up powder
text: to Lamb’s scars.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: This is from our new line. It’s all-
dialog: natural minerals from the earth. It
dialog: covers everything. You know Shana
dialog: Qualley’s mom? She has a lot of
dialog: redness from, well, from drinking.
dialog: I use this on her and she looks a
dialog: lot better. Not good-- that would
dialog: take a miracle-- but better.
text: Lamb says nothing.
speaker_heading: MELANIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I really don’t like to talk about
dialog: people.
dialog: (finishing)
dialog: There. You look radiant.
text: Lamb looks at her neck and collarbones in the mirror. It’s
dialog: not an improvement. We still see the scars.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Dr. Cha says I’m not supposed to
dialog: put anything on there.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Lamb, it’s 100% natural. One of our
dialog: representatives puts this on her
text: four-year-old every day.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Why?
text: Melanie is putting away her makeup tools. She closes the
text: tackle box.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Do you feel ready to give your
dialog: guest sermon?
speaker_heading: LAMB
speaker_heading: Mm-hm
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 8.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: If you get nervous, just imagine
text: Pastor Rick in his underwear.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: That won’t be necessary.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Let me just hear the beginning.
text: Lamb sighs, dutiful.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: “My beloved family in worship. I
dialog: stand here today as miraculous
dialog: evidence of God’s healing grace...”
dialog: Do I have to practice right now?
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: No. Just remember: God’s counting
dialog: on you. You can make a difference
dialog: with what you say today. It’s like
dialog: I always say, you can affect change
dialog: in a small way and it makes a big
dialog: ripple. Like a--
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Like a toot in the bathtub. I know.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: That’s right.
text: She kisses Lamb’s “pouf.”
scene_heading: EXT. SUPER CHURCH - DAY
text: The Mannerheim’s car pulls up to a GIANT MEGA-CHURCH COMPLEX.
text: The vast parking lot is filling up with worshippers.
text: The church's giant marquee-type sign reads: “WHY ‘TWEET’ AT
text: SATAN WHEN YOU CAN ‘FOLLOW’ CHRIST?”
scene_heading: INT. MANNERHEIM FAMILY CAR - SAME
text: The Mannerheim’s are bundled up in parkas and scarves.
text: Melanie rolls down the window and peeks out at the
text: overflowing parking lot.
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Will you look at this clusterhug? I
dialog: love seeing this many people come
dialog: together in His name, don’t you?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I think some of them just come for
dialog: the smoothies.
text: We see that one of the many entrances to the church
text: superstructure says “GOD'S BOUNTY SMOOTHIES & COFFEE.”
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We're lucky to belong to a church
dialog: with amenities. The Catholics don’t
dialog: have a juice bar.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: The Catholics get to drink the
dialog: actual blood of Christ.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: They think that, don’t they? Aren’t
dialog: our differences interesting? I'1l
dialog: pray for them. Doug, park over by
dialog: the gift shop. I want to pick up a
text: new journal after church.
dialog: (to Lamb)
dialog: I’ve been writing.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Good for you, Mom.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: I'm writing a little story about an
text: old man and an old woman and their
dialog: whole epic love story going back
dialog: decades.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Sounds like The Notebook.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Um, it’s totally unlike The
dialog: Notebook. I wouldn’t copy my own
dialog: favorite book that I’ve read 100
dialog: times, would I?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Doug, there’s one.
dialog: 
text: A VAN from an assisted living home pulls into Melanie's
dialog: chosen parking spot.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 10.
speaker_heading: MELANIE (CONT’D)
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: God BLESS it.
scene_heading: INT. SUPER CHURCH - DAY
text: A loud CHRISTIAN HIP-HOP BAND plays. Two RAPPERS-- a white
text: guy and an Asian girl-- bust some rhymes.
speaker_heading: RAPPER #1
dialog: Jesus, you're my savior.
dialog: You made me like Xavier.
dialog: Roberts. Your creation.
dialog: You rule the nation!
speaker_heading: RAPPER #2
dialog: I love Jesus like William love
dialog: Kate. Jesus, you're my prince,
dialog: let's set the date.
text: Melanie, Doug and Lamb take their seats in the front row of
text: the massive auditorium.
text: On the walls of the church, we see a few large POSTERS with a
text: photo of a smiling Lamb. She wears a black dress with pearls;
text: her neck and arms are creamy and scar-free.
text: The posters say: LAMB MANNERHEIM SHARES HER INSPIRATIONAL
scene_heading: STORY OF SURVIVAL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 10:00 SERVICE.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: The posters came out nice. I need
dialog: one of those for my brag wall.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Is that the picture you sent them?
dialog: Why did you send them an old photo?
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: It’s the nicest photo we have of
dialog: you. That reminds me, we need to go
text: to the portrait studio as a family.
dialog: We could wear matching outfits and
dialog: jump in the air!
dialog: (off Lamb’s dour look)
dialog: Or we could sit nicely.
text: Lamb is fixated on the poster.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I don’t look like that anymore. I
text: looked like a Barbie.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 11.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I look like a Barbie that got
text: tortured with a lighter.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: First of all, you were never any
dialog: kind of Barbie. You’re obviously a
dialog: Skipper.
text: She discreetly indicates Lamb’s small chest.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Mom!
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Honey, if I could crank your arm
dialog: and make them grow, I would.
text: Secondly, self-pity is unbecoming.
dialog: You're getting better every day.
text: People don’t even look anymore.
text: We see a MOM and DAD trying in vain to keep their KIDS from
text: staring at Lamb. A LITTLE GIRL, who’s about 2, starts to
text: point and cry loudly.
speaker_heading: MELANIE (CONT’D)
dialog: That’s a tough age.
text: They take their seats. As Melanie and Doug socialize with the
text: people seated around them, Lamb begins to NOD OFF.
scene_heading: INT. SUPER CHURCH - 40 MINUTES LATER
text: Lamb WAKES UP, a bit dazed. PASTOR RICK, the young, handsome,
text: dynamic leader of the congregation, is introducing her.
speaker_heading: PASTOR RICH
dialog: ...-And now, we have a very
dialog: inspiring young lady who’s agreed
dialog: to talk to all of you today. Lamb
dialog: Mannerheim has been a member of our
dialog: church family, since, well, since I
dialog: was a kid! She’s been a valued
text: youth evangelist, the valedictorian
dialog: of her home school collective and a
dialog: favorite performer in our music
dialog: ministry. When we think of well-
dialog: formed, righteous, feminine role
dialog: models, we think about girls like
dialog: Lamb.
dialog: (clearing his throat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 12.
speaker_heading: PASTOR RICH (CONT'D)
dialog: As you all know, Lamb survived a
dialog: tragic accident while she was away
dialog: at Montana Bible College two years
dialog: ago. As a community, we felt her
dialog: pain and loss. But now, she’s
text: miraculously back on her feet to
dialog: share a courageous Christmas tale
dialog: of faith and healing. Brothers and
dialog: sisters...Lamb Mannerheim.
text: Lamb stands up and makes her way to the podium. She gets a
text: STANDING OVATION from the appreciative crowd.
text: We can see Pastor Rick CHECK HER OUT briefly (but
text: inappropriately) as she takes the stage.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Thanks Pastor Rich. Good morning,
dialog: everyone. I know you’re all
dialog: expecting me to deliver testimony
dialog: about the accident and how, through
dialog: the grace of God, I recovered. But
dialog: really, you were hoping to hear
dialog: gory details about the crash. Like
dialog: how I could smell myself burning,
dialog: but I couldn’t feel it.
text: On Melanie: her face falls. This wasn’t what they practiced.
text: But Lamb remains calm, smiling, even serene.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Isn't that funny? I was in the
text: parking lot of a Kroger, on fire,
dialog: and as I laid there, all I could
dialog: think about was my shoes. That they
dialog: looked strange. “I don’t remember
dialog: wearing clogs today. Oh. I didn’t.
dialog: They’re regular shoes, but they’re
dialog: melting. And, come to think of it,
dialog: so am I.”
text: The crowd begins to murmur. Lamb continues brightly.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, the accident was bad. But the
dialog: surgeries-- those were even worse.
dialog: Did you know they can take skin
dialog: from your butt and put it on your
dialog: back? And where does that leave
dialog: your butt?
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: I guess thongs are out of the
dialog: question now! Sorry Pastor Rick.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 13.
dialog: Now everyone is really uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: But enough of that. What I’m really
dialog: here to say today is that the
dialog: horrible, unspeakable pain I
dialog: endured didn’t strengthen my faith
dialog: in the slightest. In fact, I’ve
dialog: become an athiest. I’m here to
dialog: share my new wisdom with you.
dialog: Everyone, there is no God.
text: Pastor Rick appears at her side, but she slaps him away.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t touch me. My skin grafts are
dialog: very fragile. I could bleed all
dialog: over our nice new alter carpeting
dialog: and then you’d have to take up
dialog: another collection!
dialog: (to congregation)
dialog: Another collection. You already
dialog: tithe most of your income to this
dialog: place. How’s that working out for
dialog: you? Do the skate park and the
dialog: putting green make you feel more
dialog: righteous?
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Lamb, stop! Get down from there!
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m not done yet, Mom. Almost.
dialog: Okay, so I don’t believe in God.
dialog: Here’s what I do believe: I believe
dialog: in science. I believe in the
dialog: doctors who were there when I woke
dialog: up. I believe in opiates and
dialog: morphine, which work whether you
dialog: have faith in them or not. I’m
dialog: willing to believe that the
dialog: universe was created in an
dialog: explosion, and that fish-creatures
text: crawled out of the mud and evolved
dialog: into human beings. And, in our next
dialog: presidential election...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I may vote for Obama.
text: That does it. Chaos breaks out in the auditorium.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 14.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Before I’m forcibly removed from
dialog: the stage, I want to say that I’m
dialog: leaving Billings for a while. I’ve
dialog: spent my entire life abstaining
dialog: from earthly vices and drinking the
dialog: smoothie of ignorance concocted by
dialog: this very church. Tomorrow, I’m
text: getting on a plane to Las Vegas,
dialog: Nevada, where I plan to gamble,
dialog: drink alcohol, and frolic with
dialog: homosexuals-—
text: Melanie seizes control of the podium. Feedback squawks as
text: Melanie grabs the mic and interrupts in a shaky voice.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: I'm very sorry, everyone. My
text: daughter is still recovering.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: What? Mother, I’m radiant!
text: Melanie is too close to the mic. Her voice booms in an
text: unintentionally hilarious way.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Please pray for us.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Or don’t. The last time you prayed
dialog: for me I wound up looking like
dialog: this. Wah-wah!
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Let’s get you out of here.
text: She reaches for Lamb, who lunges back toward the mic, pulling
text: her cardigan aside to reveal her shoulders. She shouts
text: cheerfully into the mic.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: My shoulders look like
dialog: turkey bacon! God who?
text: As Melanie takes Lamb’s elbow and hustles her away from the
text: podium, she accidentally hurts her daughter's skin.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: ow.
text: She collapses and grabs her elbow.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Oh no! Baby, are you okay?
text: The sound drops out. Lamb shouts a VERY BAD WORD.
text: The forbidden curse echoes off the walls of the enormous
text: church. A fitting climax to Lamb’s public rejection of God.
text: Doug takes a long, uncomfortable sip from his “God’s Bounty”
dialog: smoothie.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - THE NEXT DAY
text: Lamb is sitting on the crowded Vegas-bound PLANE. She wears a
text: modest dress and looks bewildered and overwhelmed.
text: A TEENAGE GUY, 17, stashes his stuff in the overhead
text: compartment and climbs into the seat next to hers.
text: He stares at the fingerless COMPRESSION GARMENTS on her arms
text: and hands as if they’re some cool accessory.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: Where’d you get those gloves?
text: Lamb can barely hide her annoyance.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: The Mayo Clinic.
dialog: (then)
dialog: They're compression garments. Like
dialog: big Band-Aids.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: Oh. Do you cut?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Do I what?
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: Like, are you a cutter? Do you cut
dialog: yourself on purpose, like with a
dialog: razor blade or a knife?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No.
text: The guy pulls up his arm to reveal a ladder of 4 or 5 small,
text: pathetic red slashes. Scratches, barely.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: Check it.
text: Lamb is offended by these self-inflicted wounds.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You should be ashamed of that.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Because it’s disrespectful. That’s
dialog: your arm. You are the earthly
dialog: custodian of that arm and you
dialog: choose to treat it like a whittling
dialog: block?
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: A what?
speaker_heading: LAMB
text: A block of wood that one whittles.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: It’s not my fault. My therapist
dialog: says I have a textbook “Type D”
dialog: personality.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: "Type D"?
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: Depressed. It means you pretty much
dialog: want to kill yourself all the time.
dialog: Lamb considers this.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: When I feel “depressed”, I go fora
dialog: bike ride in the sunshine or I play
dialog: my flute or I read Scripture
dialog: (catching herself)
dialog: -- well, I don’t read Scripture
dialog: since I renounced God, but the
dialog: other two. Anyway, I would never
dialog: cut my body. That seems
dialog: counterintuitive if you’re trying
dialog: to be of good cheer.
text: The guy stares at her.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: Sunshine and the flute? Are you
dialog: from that family on TV that has
dialog: like 20 kids and is in a cult?
dialog: 16.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 17.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I don’t watch TV.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Also, it’s not a cult. They’re just
dialog: Baptists.
text: A pause. The guy drums his fingers anxiously on the armrests.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: I hate takeoff. I get so jumpy on
dialog: planes.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: There’s pretty much zero chance
dialog: this plane will go down.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: I know there’s all those
dialog: statistics, like, safer than a car
dialog: and stuff but...
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No. Factually speaking, the odds of
dialog: this plane crashing are much lower
dialog: than you realize. Like one in
dialog: approximately ten trillion, since
dialog: I’m on here.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: (scoffing)
dialog: What, because you’re magic or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No. Because it never happens to
dialog: anyone twice.
text: The guy, realizing, stares at Lamb in awe.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Type D.
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: D for Dummy. My goodness.
text: She takes a brand new copy of The Audacity of Hope by Barack
text: Obama out of her bag, cracks the spine, and begins reading.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - 45 MINUTES LATER
text: The teenage guy sleeps. Lamb is wide awake, bored with her
text: book. She gazes out the window.
dialog: 18.
text: She turns to the personal IN-FLIGHT ENTERTAINMENT SCREEN on
text: the seatback in front of her. She presses “Movies.”
text: Lots of options come up. Lamb scrolls past the family-
text: friendly categories, determined to corrupt herself. She
dialog: chooses a category called “Exclusive! Vegas-Inspired Movies
dialog: to Get You in the Mood!”
text: We see a selection of famous Las Vegas moves: The Hangover.
text: What Happens in Vegas. Leaving Las Vegas and then...
dialog: Showgirls. If it’s possible for a person to blush at the mere
text: sight of a movie title, Lamb does. The movie is aptly
dialog: described as “The Cult Classic Erotic Thriller!”
text: Lamb glances at her seatmate. Still sleeping. The aisle seat
text: is occupied by a senior citizen doing Sudoku.
text: Tentatively, Lamb presses “Play” on Showgirls. She makes sure
text: no one is looking and settles in.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - AN HOUR LATER
text: Lamb is watching the infamous pool sex scene. Her brow is
text: furrowed, as if she’s watching an interesting ritual from
dialog: some foreign civilization.
text: The teenage guy stirs. Lamb immediately leans forward and
text: tries to turn off the movie.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: Hm?
dialog: (seeing)
dialog: Whoa! All right!
text: Lamb is wildly pressing the “home” icon on the touchscreen.
text: It’s stuck on Showgirls, frozen in the land of violent pool
dialog: sex.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY (CONT’D)
dialog: What is this? Species?
text: Lamb is mortified, but holds her head high.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Showgirls.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: I would not have thought you would
dialog: choose this particular film.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Well, I did.
dialog: (primly)
dialog: I love erotic thrillers.
text: The guy cranes his neck to check out the screen
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GUY
dialog: Me too.
text: Lamb looks away, but her eyes wander back to the screen.
scene_heading: INT. MCCARREN INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT (ARRIVALS) - DAY
text: Lamb moves through the airport, past the ding-ding-ding of
text: slot machines and hordes of tourists. The whole place is
text: decorated for Christmas and the mood is both festive and
dialog: profane.
scene_heading: INT. MCCARREN INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT (BAGGAGE CLAIM) - NIGHT
text: Lamb stands at the baggage claim and waits for her suitcase.
text: She carries her flute in a black case.
text: Three STRIPPERS from the same flight wait just behind her in
text: the crowd. They wear sweatsuits in contrasting pastels.
text: STRIPPER #1 is a Latina beauty with hair down to her waist
text: and 0% body fat. She stamps her feet dramatically.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #1
dialog: I need a smoke so bad.
text: STRIPPER #2 is a tan, corn-fed blonde.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #2
dialog: You're making it worse by talking
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #1
dialog: Ladies, I got that feeling like I’m
dialog: gonna bank this weekend. I’m gonna
dialog: make six Gs.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #2
dialog: Nobody makes six Gs anymore. Not
dialog: even feature girls.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #1
dialog: I know the economy sucks, but this
dialog: bubble don’t break.
dialog: 20.
text: She does a few booty-pops. The girls giggle.
text: STRIPPER #3 is a tough, short girl.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #3
dialog: If I even make one G, I’‘ll be
dialog: happy. We keep coming out here for
dialog: the weekends, but truth is, Vegas
text: is as broke as Montana.
dialog: (to Lamb)
dialog: Hey, can you grab that big Louie
dialog: for me?
text: A LOUIS VUITTON suitcase is making its way around the
text: carousel. It’s positioned in such a way that Lamb can reach
text: it but the stripper can’t. Lamb isn’t sure what a “Louie” is
text: but she guesses.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: This one?
text: She grabs the bag with difficulty and swings it over to its
text: owner. The strippers see the scars on Lamb’s arm as she
text: reaches forward.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #3
dialog: Girl, what happened to you?
text: Stripper #1 is embarrassed by her friend’s rudeness.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #1
dialog: Lexus!
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #3
dialog: Looks like someone said they was
dialog: gonna cut a bitch and actually did
dialog: it. Damn.
dialog: (by way of apology)
dialog: You still cute, though.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #2
dialog: Yeah. She’s cute. She could
dialog: probably get a day shift at the
dialog: Lumberyard.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: The Lumberyard?
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #1
dialog: You know the Lumberyard in Helena?
dialog: We work there.
dialog: (then, aggressive)
dialog: Yeah, I said it. There’s no shame
text: in the game.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Why would you be ashamed of that?
dialog: Christ was a carpenter.
text: The girls exchange glances and burst into peals of laughter.
text: It’s not “mean girl” laughter, per se, but genuine surprise
text: at Lamb’s dorkiness.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #2
dialog: We're not carpenters. The
dialog: Lumberyard is a gentlemen's club.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Oh. Ah. You’d think I would have
dialog: gotten that, since I just watched
text: Showgirls on the plane.
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I know all about what you do.
text: An awkward beat.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER #3
dialog: Right. You got it all figured out.
text: The girls shake their heads as Lamb reaches onto the baggage
text: carousel and takes her childish pink suitcase. We see peeling
text: letters printed on the suitcase: GOING TO GRANDMA’S.
text: Lamb extends the handle and walks away, rolling it behind her
text: with her head held high. The strippers watch, amused.
scene_heading: EXT. MCCARREN INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT (TAXI STAND) - DUSK
text: Lamb approaches the taxi stand, where a jaded ATTENDANT flags
text: down cars. Clutching her printed itinerary, she takes a deep
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: One taxi, please.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Uh-huh. Where you headed?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Um, the Planet Hollywood Resort?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Play-Ho. Got it.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Planet Hollywood.
dialog: 22.
text: The attendant tosses her pink suitcase carelessly into the
text: trunk of a waiting cab. It lands with a THUNK as Lamb meekly
dialog: protests.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, I have dishes in there.
text: The man stares at her.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Why'd you bring dishes to Las
dialog: Vegas?
text: Lamb climbs into the back seat of the cab. She goes to buckle
text: up and discovers only a lap belt.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (to driver)
dialog: Sir? Is there a shoulder belt?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (thickly accented)
dialog: What, you want a baby seat too?
dialog: Goo goo.
text: The attendant slams the door shut and the cab squeals away.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI CAB - EVENING
text: Lamb admires the spectacular lights of the Strip from the
text: back of the cab. Remembering Showgirls, she decides to ask
dialog: about a certain Vegas landmark.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Excuse me, sir. Where is the
dialog: Stardust?
text: The driver's accent and ethnic background are impossible to
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Eh?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: The Stardust Hotel. Where they have
dialog: the Goddess musical performance?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Stardust? That was, eh, bombed a
text: few years ago. Blown up inside with
text: dynamite. Big boom.
dialog: Lamb has been raised to be very wary of terrorism.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 23.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Oh, no.
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Was it Muslims?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Muslims? No, man! The guy who owned
dialog: it blew it up with purpose so he
dialog: could build a new hotel. What do
dialog: you think I know about some
dialog: terrorists?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Ah, I hate this Trop light.
text: They're stopped at the intersection of Las Vegas Boulevard
text: and Tropicana. It’s gridlock on every side.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Trop light?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Yeah, man. Tropicana. Longest light
dialog: in town.
text: The cab slows to a stop. Lamb looks out the window at the New
text: York, New York roller coaster and the Excalibur’s fake castle
text: turrets illuminated overhead. She’s enchanted by the sight.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Kind of looks like Disney World.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Disney World. Ha. That place? You
dialog: ever been to Disney World?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No. I wasn’t allowed to, because
dialog: the Disney Corporation supports the
dialog: homosexual agenda.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Last night, in this cab, I have two
dialog: gay guys getting married. I got no
dialog: problem with it. As long as they
dialog: keep their penis inside the blue
dialog: jeans. I said, if I see some gay, I
dialog: see some Doogie Howser bullshit,
dialog: you're out! Here we are.
text: He pulls over to the curb quickly, sending Lamb flying.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 24.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANET HOLLYWOOD - SAME
text: The driver takes Lamb’s pink suitcase out of the trunk. Lamb
text: nervously peels off a few bills from a conspicuously large
scene_heading: WAD OF CASH.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Thanks. Hey, you know how you said
dialog: you weren’t allowed to go to Disney
dialog: World?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Was the Disney Channel also
dialog: forbidden?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yes, sir. Emphatically so.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Even The Wizards of Waverley Place?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Satanists.
text: Lamb turns and walks toward the hotel with her suitcase and
text: her flute.
text: The driver looks down with surprise at the LARGE WAD OF MONEY
text: she’s handed him.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You sure?
scene_heading: INT. PLANET HOLLYWOOD - EVENING
text: Lamb walks into the hotel. She scans the room nervously. It’s
text: early in the evening. TOURISTS play craps and blackjack and
text: wander around with drinks. The scene is relatively tame and
text: even a little hokey. Lamb seems relieved.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Huh. It’s kinda like Branson.
text: An OLD WOMAN pulls the lever on a cheesy branded slot
text: machine. The machine discharges a few quarters.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 25.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: No problem.
text: She steps forward bravely.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL GIFT SHOP - EVENING
text: Lamb, checked in, tucks her room key into her pocket. She’s
text: about to walk to the elevator, but she pauses and goes into
text: the hotel’s gift shop.
text: Lamb takes a tacky, sparkly T-shirt off one of the racks. It
text: says “I (HEART) LAS VEGAS,” only instead of a heart, there is-—
text: - nonsensically-- a pair of dice.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: “I Dice Las Vegas.”
text: It doesn't look like anything Lamb would normally wear. But
dialog: nothing about this night is normal.
scene_heading: INT. PLANET HOLLYWOOD (ELEVATOR AREA) - EVENING
text: Lamb, now holding a SHOPPING BAG, waits for an elevator to
text: take her up to her room. From where she stands, we can
text: already hear some raucous shouting coming up the elevator
dialog: shaft.
text: The elevator doors open, revealing about 5 WET FRAT BOYS
text: coming up from the pool area. They’re drunk and in various
dialog: states of undress. Think damp towels, tribal tattoos,
text: steroidal acne and loud, booming voices.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #1
dialog: I swear, I only had a half a pill,
dialog: but I’m rolling so hard.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #2
dialog: Dude, I’m flying. We should call
dialog: those sluts from Tao and get an
dialog: eight ball for tonight.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #1
dialog: Phenomenal, bro!
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #3
dialog: Phenomenal.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #4
dialog: Hey.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 26.
text: The shouting and laughing stops abruptly when they notice
text: Lamb standing there. Silence. Lamb primly steps into the
dialog: elevator.
scene_heading: INT. PLANET HOLLYWOOD (ELEVATOR) - SAME
text: The frat boys are trying to hold it together, but they’re
text: making crazy expressions at each other and (barely)
text: suppressing laughter. They don’t know how to respond to a
text: pretty girl who’s been desexualized by injury. Finally, one
dialog: of the guys talks.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #2
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Hello.
text: One of the guys begins to crowd her in a creepy way. He
text: strokes her ponytail. One of them whispers
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #2
dialog: Uh, where are you from?
text: The other guys snicker. This is the equivalent of the high
text: school quarterback hitting on an ugly girl to make his
text: friends laugh.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #3
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Chernobyl. Huh huh.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m from D.C.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #2
dialog: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yes. I’m a federal agent. Drug
dialog: enforcement.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #4
dialog: Oh really?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I just orchestrated a huge meth lab
dialog: sting in Iowa. The place blew sky
dialog: high. Messed me up pretty bad, as
dialog: you can see. But I’m back in
dialog: action. Vegas is my new beat.
text: Lamb's voice is shaking, but she sticks to her story.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #3
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I'm looking forward to making some
dialog: arrests. The people here aren’t
dialog: very discreet, so it should be
dialog: easy! Plus, I’m a super-smeller.
dialog: You know drug-sniffing dogs? I'ma
dialog: drug-sniffing human. I’m accurate
dialog: up to four yards, that’s how I got
dialog: into the DEA. I beat out a golden
dialog: retriever in tests.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #2
dialog: (to his friend)
dialog: Hey, let’s get off here, man.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #1
dialog: Yeah, yeah. We passed our floor.
text: They begin stabbing buttons in a panic. The doors open on the
text: mezzanine level.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: This isn’t your level is it? This
dialog: looks like a convention of Chicano
dialog: attorneys.
text: An easel-style SIGN welcomes people to the NATIONAL
scene_heading: CONFERENCE OF CHICANO ATTORNEYS.
text: Nevertheless, the frat guys all scurry off the elevator,
text: failing to blend in with the crowd.
text: Lamb exhales as the doors close. She closes her eyes. The
dialog: encounter scared her more than she let on.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Lamb takes out her key card. We see a group of cute, happy 20-
text: SOMETHING GIRLS headed out for a night on the town. They skip
text: down the hall toward the elevator, holding hands.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: Wait, Zoe, this is your first time
dialog: seeing Cirque? You're so gonna cry.
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: Oh my God, I know.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: GIRL #3
dialog: Liz, those shoes are phenomenal. So
dialog: phenomonal.
speaker_heading: GIRLS #1 AND #3
dialog: Phenomenal!
text: Wistfully, Lamb watches them as they pass. She tries out the
dialog: word everyone her age is (over)using.
speaker_heading: LAMB
text: Phenomenal. Phenomenal.
text: She slides her key into the door. The light turns green.
scene_heading: INT. LAMB'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: It’s a much nicer hotel room than we might expect a young,
text: small-town traveler to stay in. Lamb unzips her suitcase.
text: There’s a BROKEN “FIESTAWARE” DISH on top of her neatly
text: folded clothes. She sadly removes the pieces.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Shoot.
text: There are three other dishes that are intact. Lamb removes
text: them and carefully stacks them on the TV console.
text: Then, she begins to hang up her clothes.
scene_heading: INT. BATH/SHOWER - NIGHT
text: Through frosted glass, we can barely make out Lamb’s
text: silhouette. She stands in a big, square Vegas bathtub. Her
text: compression garments are hanging on the towel rack.
text: Rather than normal showering sounds, we hear a trickle of
text: water. Lamb is washing herself slowly and methodically. Her
text: hand clutches a bar for support. We see how her movement is
dialog: limited and that something as simple as bathing has become
dialog: complicated for her.
text: She quietly sings, her voice echoing off the walls.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (singing)
dialog: The wind is moving, but I am
dialog: standing still...
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 29.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lamb slides a compression sleeve up her arm.
speaker_heading: LAMB
text: A life of pages, waiting to be
dialog: filled...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Lamb, now wearing her sequined Vegas T-shirt and her
text: customary knee-length denim skirt, brushes her hair and
text: slides her stocking-covered feet into pink flats.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Feels like I'm looking for a
dialog: reason...
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Lamb rides down to the lobby with a group of shoddily dressed
text: TOURISTS. As always, she wears her cardigan, though the T-
text: shirt’s sequined logo is visible. She sings under her breath.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Roamin' through the night to
dialog: find...
text: The doors open.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: My place in this world. My place...
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - DAY
text: As the elevator doors open, Lamb’s ears are suddenly
text: assaulted with autotuned, bass-heavy hip-hop music. The mood
text: of the hotel has changed considerably. Shit is GOING OFF.
text: Lamb walks through the casino, observing the chaos.
text: A few hired DANCERS are working the pole next to a craps
text: table. Lamb stares at their hard, flawless bodies as they
text: writhe and gyrate, bored.
text: A PREGNANT BRIDE in handcuffs and a light-up “penis tiara”
text: gets led through the lobby by her FRIENDS. Lamb’s eyes widen
text: as the colorful penises blink at her, as if in code.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 30.
text: In a nearby bar, a MIDDLE-AGED MAN plants his mouth at the
text: bottom of an ice luge while someone pours vodka down the
dialog: ramp.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: That doesn’t seem clean.
text: At a centrally located casino buffet, TOURISTS scoop piles of
text: crab legs onto their plates. Even something as innocent as
text: food seems to become excessive and wasteful in Las Vegas.
text: A crab leg falls off the plate of a JOLLY FEMALE TOURIST.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me, you dropped a...leg.
speaker_heading: CRAB TOURIST
dialog: (to friend, ignoring Lamb)
dialog: Ha! No, no, no, no Leslie. You’re
dialog: on crack! You are legit smoking
dialog: crack. Wait, that’s my phone.
speaker_heading: LAMB
text: A crab was trapped and asphyxiated
dialog: so that you might be nourished by
dialog: its leg.
text: The woman still isn’t listening. Lamb might as well be
text: invisible. Finally, Lamb scurries over to the buffet area and
text: picks the leg off the floor.
text: Immediately, a STERN BUFFET ATTENDANT rushes away from his
text: prime rib carving station and confronts Lamb.
scene_heading: BUFFET ATTENDANT
dialog: Ma’am, the buffet is for paying
dialog: customers, not scavengers.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: I wasn’t scavenging. She’s wasting
dialog: food.
scene_heading: BUFFET ATTENDANT
dialog: Oh, I saw the whole thing. The king
dialog: crab leg hit the floor and you came
text: scurrying out of nowhere like a
text: dirty raccoon.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I did not scurry. These people are
text: gluttons.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 31.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s like they think crabs come
text: from a factory, rather than a
dialog: delicate marine ecosystem. They
dialog: have no respect for life.
scene_heading: BUFFET ATTENDANT
dialog: Are you from PETA? Do you hate the
dialog: circus and pony rides?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: What? No.
scene_heading: BUFFET ATTENDANT
dialog: Are you one of those anti-abortion
dialog: psychos?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I don’t think so...
scene_heading: BUFFET ATTENDANT
dialog: “Hookers for Jesus”?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I suppose I just think buffets are
dialog: wasteful.
scene_heading: BUFFET ATTENDANT
dialog: Please leave my carving
text: station immediately.
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS STRIP - NIGHT
text: Lamb walks down the street, dejected. She passes a NASTY
text: LITTLE MAN handing out fliers for female escorts.
speaker_heading: NASTY LITTLE MAN
dialog: Merry Christmas! Beautiful, sexy
dialog: girls! Hot girls delivered to your
dialog: room!
text: Lamb plucks a flier from his outstretched hand. It says: REAL
text: GIRLS! NO BULL! A photo of a YOUNG BRUNETTE GIRL gazes out at
scene_heading: Lamb. The caption reads: RYDER, 19. MASSAGE, ROLE PLAY,
text: SHOWER, GREEK. ANYTHING GOES!
text: Lamb’s face falls. For some reason, she stuffs the flier into
text: her purse, even though it repulses her.
text: She keeps walking and encounters a YOUNG CHRISTIAN EVANGELIST
text: handing out RELIGIOUS COMIC BOOKS.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 32.
speaker_heading: EVANGELIST
dialog: Jesus saves! Accept Christ as your
dialog: Lord and Savior today! Christ died
dialog: for your sins.
text: Lamb looks at the young evangelist, seeing herself in his or
text: her hopeful gaze. The evangelist thrusts a book into Lamb’s
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: EVANGELIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Here. This comic book contains the
dialog: key to eternal life.
text: The comic is called “Viva Las Satan?” The cover depicts a
text: smirking DEVIL presiding over a poker table. Lamb takes one
text: and examines it with an air of familiarity.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (holding up comic)
dialog: Ah yes. A fine title from Salvation
dialog: Press. I’m acquainted with this
text: one. At the end, the gamblers all
dialog: go to hell and learn that God’s
dialog: love was the real jackpot. Oh, and
dialog: Jews are vampires. The end.
text: She hands the comic book back to the evangelist.
speaker_heading: EVANGELIST
dialog: Oh. Are you saved?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Do I look saved?
speaker_heading: EVANGELIST
dialog: Um, well, we’re all redeemed
dialog: through Christ’s love. If we accept
dialog: it. Would you like to pray with me
dialog: and be saved?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: My parents used to take me to
dialog: Bighorn Canyon every summer.
dialog: There’s this place where you can
dialog: stand on the edge and get a triple
dialog: echo if you yell loud enough.
speaker_heading: EVANGELIST
dialog: I don’t get it.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 33.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I would just yell my own name over
dialog: and over, and eventually I could
dialog: convince myself that someone was
dialog: calling out to me.
speaker_heading: EVANGELIST
dialog: Maybe you need to re-read this.
text: She tries to hand Lamb the comic book again, but Lamb seizes
text: her wrist. Lamb’s eyes are shining, solemn.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You're wasting your life. I can
dialog: already tell it’s too late for me
dialog: to be normal. Maybe it’s not too
dialog: late for you.
speaker_heading: EVANGELIST
dialog: Let go of me.
scene_heading: EXT. IMPERIAL PALACE HOTEL & CASINO - NIGHT
text: Lamb has been wandering for a while when she comes upon the
text: enormous neon facade of the Imperial Palace. There’s a sign
text: advertising “LIVE DEALER-TAINERS! Only place in Vegas where
dialog: the dealers SING and DANCE!"
text: Lamb shrugs, exhausted, and enters.
scene_heading: INT. IMPERIAL PALACE - NIGHT
dialog: MUSIC UP: “Holly Jolly Christmas”
text: Lamb enters the lobby of the hotel. The night is in full
text: swing. She walks toward the main bar.
text: The bartender, “SWEET” WILLIAM CARR, is in his mid thirties.
dialog: He would be handsome in the right scenario, but Vegas has
text: taken its toll on him. His hair is a mess, his expression is
text: weary, and arms are patterned with tattoos of questionable
dialog: quality.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Excuse me, bartender?
text: William seems annoyed by this formal mode of address.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Yes, drunkard?
text: Lamb scans the liquor selection and lands on a bright,
text: cartoonish looking bottle.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’ll have the peach schnapps.
text: William shudders visibly at this request.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Peach schnapps. Neat?
text: Lamb blinks.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT’D)
dialog: Would you like ice?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No thanks. Takes up too much room
dialog: in the glass, and I want as much
dialog: liquor as possible.
text: At this point, William is humoring her.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Oh. I agree.
dialog: 34.
text: As he grabs a highball glass from behind the bar, he looks at
text: Lamb’s T-shirt and reads it.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: “I Dice Las Vegas.”
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: It doesn’t really make sense,
dialog: does it?
text: William likes to spook young girls. He lunges across
text: and stares her down accusingly.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: It makes perfect sense if you’ve
dialog: come to here chop people up into
dialog: little pieces.
text: Lamb doesn’t flinch.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Oh, great. ‘Cause that’s totally
dialog: why I’m here.
text: William slides the schnapps across to Lamb.
dialog: the bar
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: When do the “dealer-tainers”
dialog: perform?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Let’s see, it’s almost nine...ah,
dialog: yes. Looks like my dear friend
text: Loray is on deck.
text: He gestures to a YOUNG AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN leaving a
text: crowded blackjack table. Another DEALER is in the process of
text: subbing in at the table.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Here we go.
text: An EMCEE’s voice booms over the microphone.
speaker_heading: EMCEE
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, the Imperial
dialog: Palace is proud to present the
dialog: musical stylings of our dealing
dialog: diva, Loray!
text: William mutters to himself as he wipes down the bar.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: She hates the word “diva.”
text: People at the bar turn toward Loray as she moves to the
text: center of the room, holding a cordless mic. She has a
text: commanding presence, even in her silly Imperial Palace
text: uniform. The bar patrons begin to murmur and speculate as to
dialog: what Loray might sing.
speaker_heading: MALE PATRON
dialog: Ooh. Look at this black girl! I bet
dialog: she’s gonna blow the doors off.
text: His friend’s response is equally stereotypical.
speaker_heading: PATRON #2
dialog: Oh yeah man, she’s gonna take us to
dialog: church!
speaker_heading: PATRON #1
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Do Aretha! “Respect!”
text: Loud, recorded music fills the casino. But it’s not the
dialog: powerhouse R&B song everyone is expecting.
text: Rather, it’s the gentlest, whitest ballad imaginable: “In My
dialog: Room,” by the Beach Boys,
dialog: 36.
text: Loray’s voice is pure and sweet.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: There's a world where I can go and
dialog: tell my secrets to. In my room...
speaker_heading: PATRON #1
dialog: BOOOOO! What is this?
text: Patron #2 dismisses Loray with a pointed finger, jabbing
text: wildly to the left as if to direct her offstage.
speaker_heading: PATRON #2
dialog: To the left, girl!
text: An elderly WHITE WOMAN turns to her companion.
speaker_heading: OLD WHITE WOMAN
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: I thought she was going to
dialog: have soul.
text: William returns to Lamb’s corner of the bar, shaking his head
text: as the customers hiss and complain.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: She’s not supposed to sing this.
dialog: She’s been warned.
text: Indeed, we see the PIT BOSS frowning at his defiant employee.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: But it’s beautiful.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: People here don’t want beautiful.
dialog: They want--
speaker_heading: DRUNK GIRL
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Ke$ha!
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I don’t know what that is.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Now it's dark and I'm alone but I
dialog: won't be afraid...
text: Lamb watches Loray sing and is affected. There’s something so
dialog: brave about Loray’s sincerity and conviction in this room
text: full of bawdy revelers.
dialog: 37.
text: William, despite his toughness, is touched by the fact that
text: Lamb is touched.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I’m William.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Lamb. Lamb Mannerheim.
text: She offers him her GLOVED HAND. He notices the compression
text: garment for the first time, but only hesitates for an instant
text: before shaking her hand.
text: Loray finishes her song on a high, clear note.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: In my room...
text: Lamb takes her first sip of the drink and makes a horrified
text: face. A river of peach nastiness escapes down her chin.
text: William hands her a cocktail napkin as tepid applause fills
dialog: the casino.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Was that your first, ah, schnapp?
text: Lamb’s voice is a faint croak.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: My first anything.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Here. This is called a “water
dialog: back.”
dialog: (winking)
dialog: All the experienced drinkers
dialog: order these.
text: He gives Lamb a glass of water. She downs it gratefully.
text: Lamb takes a PRESCRIPTION PILL BOTTLE out of her purse,
text: shaking a few capsules into her hand. She puts the bottle
text: down for a moment to politely applaud Loray.
text: As Lamb turns away, William zeroes in on the label, reading
text: it: VICODIN (HYDROCODONE). His eyes are filled with longing.
dialog: Desire. Pain.
text: Lamb turns back and William acts casual. Loray is headed
text: straight for the bar. She squeezes in next to Lamb.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Well, the good news is, I’m off for
dialog: the night. We are officially on
dialog: LST: Loray Standard Time.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You were great, honey. In what may
dialog: have been your final performance.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Yup, my ass is grass. Management
dialog: says they want me to sing
dialog: “Respect.” I mean, can you believe
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (dry)
dialog: No. Why would anyone want to hear a
dialog: rousing Motown crowd-pleaser?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I loved your song.
text: Loray barely glances at Lamb.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Brian Wilson. That’s my jam. I
dialog: mean, I prefer his more obscure
dialog: compositions, but...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Loray, this is my new friend Lamb
text: Loray looks at Lamb then back at William. She rolls her eyes
dialog: as if to say: you're hitting on this?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: I hope that’s Pedialyte, ‘cause
dialog: your new friend is 10.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m 21.
text: Loray glances at Lamb’s modest decolletage.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: 21 double-A. You're a fetus.
text: She accepts a COCKTAIL that William has automatically poured
dialog: for her; we can see this is a standard end-of-shift ritual.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Lamb is...what, celebrating her
dialog: birthday? Where are your friends?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Surely there must be a gaggle of
dialog: drunk college girls looking for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: A gaggle? No, I think a pride.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
text: A murder. Like crows.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: No, no, no, a flock! Get it? A
dialog: flock of--
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Too obvious, honey.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m here in town alone, actually.
text: Loray looks up from her drink and snorts.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Uh-oh.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Let me guess. You came here-- hm,
dialog: best case scenario, you came here
dialog: to be...
dialog: (deciding)
text: A showgirl.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Come on. You’re sitting here alone
text: on a Monday night in December. Cute
dialog: little face, calling yourself
speaker_heading: LAAAM-buh.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: That’s my real name.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Weave down to your butt...
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: This is my hair.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Bleach blonde...
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Real blonde. I’m half Finnish.
text: Loray tosses back most of her cocktail.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Hey, look. I’m half-finish, too.
dialog: (to William)
dialog: Top me off.
text: She chuckles and heads toward the bathroom. William reaches
text: for Loray’s glass to refill it.
text: Before he can stop Lamb, she’s jumped off the stool and is
text: following Loray. Bad idea.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Don’t chase it into its cave. It
dialog: bites.
text: Lamb realizes she’s left her purse hanging on the chair.
text: Naively, she continues on her way, calling back to William.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Watch my purse, please. Thanks!
scene_heading: INT. IMPERIAL PALACE (BATHROOM) - SAME
text: A TOILET flushes. Loray emerges from the stall and sees Lamb
text: standing by the sinks, her eyes narrow and indignant.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Whoa. You look like an
text: angry...baby...cobra.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, I’m sorry I gave you shit
dialog: back there. I have to amuse myself
dialog: somehow.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m not a showgirl.
text: Loray pumps soap into her hands, annoyed.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: No one cares what you are.
text: Lamb is overly invested in proving her innocence.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I care very much. I care how I’m
dialog: perceived. Besides, I could never
dialog: do that even if I wanted to.
dialog: (solemn)
dialog: People would stare. I have a
dialog: condition. A skin condition.
text: She holds up her gloved hands. Loray, who is casually rinsing
text: her hands in the sink, barely glances.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Yeah? I have a skin condition too.
dialog: It’s called “black.”
text: She laughs at Lamb’s angst.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: “People would stare.” Yeah. Try
dialog: being me at the cell phone store.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Um...
text: Loray walks up to the high-tech Dyson hand dryer, her
text: dripping fingers outstretched.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Shh. This is the best part.
text: She lowers her hands into the wind tunnel, then withdraws
text: them slowly and indulgently.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Love the Airblade.
text: She shakes her head, satisfied. As she heads for the door,
text: Lamb interrupts once more.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I'm from a conservative religious
dialog: community where I wasn’t allowed to
dialog: date or dance or even attend a
dialog: normal school. Then I was in an
dialog: accident that left a third of my
dialog: body burned and disfigured. I don’t
dialog: think there is a God anymore, which
dialog: is a pretty big deal for me to be
dialog: saying, because God used to be
dialog: sorta my jam.
text: Loray blinks.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: I left my home for the first time
dialog: today because I feel like I’ve
dialog: missed out on all of this and I
dialog: want to experience worldly
text: pleasures for the first time.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Wow. Am I in the first five minutes
dialog: of pornography?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No, I--
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: That is quite the pitch, Lamb. I
dialog: have heard some crazy stories from
dialog: some broken folks here in the
dialog: People’s Republic of Bad Choices,
dialog: but that one? That one takes the
dialog: whole hash brownie.
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Are you looking for money or
dialog: something? Are you a junkie? I bet
dialog: those gloves are covering some
dialog: tracks...
text: Lamb whips off her cardigan wordlessly. We see not Lamb, but
text: Loray, as she looks at Lamb’s scars.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: You're telling the truth.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: And you're all by yourself, looking
dialog: for trouble. You want to be a
dialog: criminal?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No. No, not a criminal. I just want
dialog: to be an American.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. IMPERIAL PALACE (CASINO FLOOR) - DAY
text: Loray is walking quickly across the casino floor. She’s
text: changed into STREET CLOTHES and carries a backpack. Lamb
text: trots after her eagerly.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: I don’t know yet. I know if I leave
dialog: you by yourself, you’re going to
dialog: wind up somewhere horrible, like
text: the trunk of a car or Circus
dialog: Circus. I feel an strange sense of
dialog: responsibility toward you. You're
dialog: just a little deep-fried pickle
dialog: from Ohio...
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Montana.
text: They're veering back toward the BAR, where William regards
text: them with curiosity.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: From Montana, population four, and
dialog: you came here to commit sins. What
dialog: did you have in mind, specifically?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Well, intoxicants, games of
dialog: chance...
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Sex?
dialog: (looking Lamb over)
dialog: I’m sure you’ll have no problem
dialog: finding someone to wreck that.
text: Lamb is uncomfortable with this suggestion.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Um, well, just basically the whole
dialog: Vegas experience.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hey, thanks for watching my purse!
text: They've arrived at the bar. Lamb takes her purse from
text: William, who looks a bit guilty.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Thanks for believing in me. What’s
dialog: going on?
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 44,
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: I’m taking Lamb downtown.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: OMF-Jesus.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You should come with us!
speaker_heading: LORAY
text: William’s in the program. He only
text: goes out for donuts and his “Higher
dialog: Power.”
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I’m off at eleven.
dialog: (to Loray)
dialog: You have my number. The new number,
dialog: the 702...
text: Loray raises an eyebrow at him, surprised.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: I got your number all right,
dialog: Pedo-Bear. Have a nice night.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Wait! This is to pay for my drink.
text: She tosses a single bill onto the bar as Loray hustles her
text: toward the casino exit.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Come on, Lamb..what’s your last
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Mannerheim.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Jewish?
text: Lamb gasps, delighted by this “shocking” suggestion.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No!
text: They disappear out the casino doors.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Uh, sorry?
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 45.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No, it’s cool! Did you really think
dialog: I was Jewish? Wow!
text: BACK ON WILLIAM: Watching their departing forms, William
text: scoops the money off the bar. Like the cab driver, he’s
text: surprised by the bill’s denomination.
scene_heading: INT. LORAY’S CAR - NIGHT
text: Lamb rides shotgun in Loray’s beat-up Hyundai. We hear a
text: DIALOGUE SNIPPET from the Natural Born Killers soundtrack,
text: followed by the appropriate song.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Why are we leaving?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: If you want to see Las Vegas, we
dialog: have to go to Las Vegas.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: But we’re in Las Vegas.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: No, we’re not. We’re in Paradise.
text: Lamb is perplexed.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: They may call this the “Vegas
dialog: Strip,” but it’s actually located
dialog: in a census-designated area called
dialog: Paradise. Paradise, Nevada. You can
dialog: look it up. Most tourists don’t
dialog: know. They all say they’re headed
dialog: to Vegas, but technically, they're
dialog: going to Paradise.
text: Lamb stares longingly out at the lights of the Strip.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Well, maybe I want to see
dialog: Paradise, then.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: No you don’t, Lamb. Paradise is
dialog: processed cheese. Do you want
text: roller coasters and a fake Eiffel
text: Tower and a bunch of tourists
text: clapping for a frigging
dialog: computerized fountain? Yay, robot!
dialog: Yay, robot fountain! No.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You want real Las Vegas, where the
dialog: locals go. None of this trifling
text: theme park trash.
dialog: Actually, the other stuff sounded pretty good to Lamb.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: It’s just that I’ve never been to a
text: theme park. Besides Creation Land.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: What is Creation Land?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: It’s a place in South Dakota with
dialog: rides and um, exhibits about how
dialog: humans were created by God and
dialog: lived among the dinosaurs.
text: Loray throws her head back and laughs heartily.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: They have a pretty cool log
dialog: ride...Oh, the Trop Light. This is
dialog: the worst, huh?
text: They're stuck at the infamous traffic light. Loray looks
text: suspiciously at Lamb.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: “Trop Light.” How long have you
dialog: been here? You’re sure you’re not a
dialog: hooker?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: It bothers me so much when you say
dialog: things like that.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Terrible.
scene_heading: EXT. “REAL” LAS VEGAS - NIGHT
text: Loray drives through downtown Vegas, aka “Glitter Gulch.”
text: Everything seems dirtier, more tragic, and also much more
dialog: romantic.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Glitter Gulch. This is the real
dialog: life, yes indeed.
dialog: 47.
text: Lamb rolls down the window, then cautiously rolls it back up
dialog: halfway.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: This is where you go for fun?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Sure, when I’m not at school or at
dialog: the Palace.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You go to school?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Yeah, UNLV. Is that so shocking?
dialog: You don’t have any black friends,
dialog: do you? Everyone says they have the
dialog: one black friend, but you don’t
dialog: even know that guy.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: We had a visiting pastor from
dialog: Africa all last summer.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: If he comes back next year, tell
dialog: him Loray says hi.
text: Lamb changes the subject.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: What’s your major?
text: Loray expertly maneuvers herself into a parking spot.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Filn.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Oh. There was nothing like that at
dialog: my college.
text: Lamb shakes her head as they climb out of the car.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Really? Nobody made shorts?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: We weren’t allowed to wear shorts.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 48.
scene_heading: EXT. SCEPTRE LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: A line of LOCAL HIPSTERS snakes around outside Loray’s
text: favorite bar, The Sceptre. Loray and Lamb are quickly waved
text: to the front of the line.
scene_heading: INT. SCEPTRE LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Close on Lamb’S GLOVED HAND, gripping an oversized LEVER.
speaker_heading: LORAY (0.S.)
dialog: All right, let’s get this out of
dialog: the way. Pull.
text: Reveal Lamb in the crowded bar, the kind of place that has
text: Christmas lights even when it isn’t Christmas. She eagerly
text: yanks the lever on a campy vintage SLOT MACHINE. The
text: machine’s display reveals a CHERRY, a BELL and “BAR.”
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: There. You gambled. You played your
dialog: game of chance. And now you see why
dialog: it’s stupid. Let’s move.
text: She tries to urge Lamb ahead, but Lamb is perplexed.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: What’s “bar”? Did I lose?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Yes, Lamb, you lost. Ultimately,
dialog: everyone loses. If you lit that
dialog: dollar on fire, at least you'd have
dialog: kindling. I have no respect for
dialog: gamblers.
text: They make their way toward the bar.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You deal cards for a living.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: That's right, for a living. Not for
dialog: my own personal edification.
dialog: Charlie! Hey, Charlie!
text: CHARLIE, a cute, tattooed FEMALE BARTENDER, looks up from the
text: taps, where she’s busily filling pints. She grins.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Loray-who-I-wanna-lay. What are we
dialog: thinking?
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 49.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: I’m thinking we're going to need
text: some shots. Line ‘em up.
scene_heading: BEGIN DRINKING SEQUENCE
text: Loray and Lamb are ensconced at their own tiny table near the
text: jukebox. Loray’s HIPSTER FRIENDS hover around them. They wear
text: tight jeans, scarves, ironic T-shirts, weird beards, the
text: whole nine. Loud music blasts. The mood is crowded, boozy and
dialog: festive.
text: A tray of assorted shots sits in front of them. Loray downs
text: one effortlessly; Lamb attempts a sip.
text: Loray proudly plays show-and-tell with her new “discovery.”
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Lamb’s from Montana. She was home-
dialog: schooled.
text: The hipsters shout over the jukebox, admiring Lamb.
speaker_heading: HIPSTER #1
dialog: Wow! That’s awesome.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: It is?
speaker_heading: HIPSTER #2
dialog: It’s anti-establishment. The public
dialog: school system in this country a
dialog: joke. I’m going to home-school my
dialog: kids for sure.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Maybe don’t do that.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Lamb has never danced. She’s not on
dialog: Facebook. She’s never even seen an
dialog: R-rated movie.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I saw The Passion of the Christ.
speaker_heading: HIPSTER #3
dialog: So basically, you’ve avoided so
text: much empty, spirit-stealing pop
dialog: culture.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're lucky.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 50.
speaker_heading: HIPSTER #1
dialog: Right? It’s so punk rock.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Thanks?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Watch her try to drink this.
text: Loray pushes a SWEET TART toward Lamb. Everyone watches Lamb
text: as if she’s an exotic zoo animal. Lamb takes a tentative sip
text: of the vile pink concoction. Her face crumples.
speaker_heading: HIPSTER #1
dialog: She can’t do it!
speaker_heading: HIPSTER #2
text: Her face, like, repels the booze.
speaker_heading: HIPSTER #3
dialog: Amazing.
scene_heading: INT. SCEPTRE LOUNGE (ANOTHER CORNER OF THE BAR) - NIGHT
text: A HIPSTER GIRL and her GAY HIPSTER FRIEND drape a trendy
text: fringed SCARF over Lamb’s neck, tucking it fashionably.
speaker_heading: HIPSTER GIRL
dialog: This is so cute on you. It’1ll cover
dialog: up some of your battle damage.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I like it. What is it?
scene_heading: GAY HIPSTER FRIEND
dialog: It’s a keffiyeh.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: A what?
speaker_heading: HIPSTER GIRL
dialog: A keffiyeh. It’s a Muslim head
dialog: scarf.
text: Lamb nearly does a SPIT TAKE.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (choked)
dialog: Muslim?
scene_heading: GAY HIPSTER FRIEND
dialog: Oh, don’t worry; it’s not offensive
dialog: to them or anything.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: GAY HIPSTER FRIEND (CONT'D)
dialog: These things are so popular;
dialog: they're totally depoliticized.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Okay.
text: The two of them admire their handiwork. The scarf does look
dialog: kind of adorable on Lamb.
scene_heading: GAY HIPSTER FRIEND HIPSTER GIRL
scene_heading: SO CUTE. SO CUTE.
speaker_heading: HIPSTER GIRL
dialog: Phenomenal.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Why does everyone keep saying
dialog: phenomenal? A scarf isn't a
dialog: phenomenon of any kind.
scene_heading: GAY HIPSTER FRIEND
dialog: On you it is. You go, Baby Gisele.
scene_heading: INT. SCEPTRE LOUNGE (DANCE FLOOR) - NIGHT
text: Lamb and another GROUP OF HIPSTERS are on the postage-stamp-
text: sized dance floor. Everyone BOPS AROUND to the Black Keys.
text: Lamb bends her knees awkwardly. She doesn’t know how to dance
text: and her skin grafts limit her movement.
speaker_heading: DANCING HIPSTER
text: (to friend, pointing at
dialog: Lamb )
text: She was in a plane crash.
speaker_heading: DANCING HIPSTER #2
dialog: Like, a 747?
speaker_heading: LAMB
text: It was a single-engine plane.
speaker_heading: DANCING HIPSTER
dialog: You've had a crazy life, man.
text: Loray dances over holding two cans of CHEAP DOMESTIC BEER.
text: She shouts over the loud music.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Look. You’re on a dance floor and
dialog: hell hasn’t swallowed you up.
text: Lamb looks around at the DANCING IDIOTS in skinny jeans.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Ha. All right.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Hey, I just realized that we do
dialog: have something in common.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: We do, huh?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yes. You don’t have any black
dialog: friends either.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Drink your beer.
text: She hands Lamb a beer. Lamb looks at the CAN. The beer is
text: called “Snowy Piste”; the can depicts a man skiing down a
dialog: mountain.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: “Snowy Piste.”
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: It’s ironically delicious.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Oh, shit. Look who came out for the
text: first time in MONTHS.
text: She shouts toward the offending entrant. Lamb peeks up over
text: the bobbing heads.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sweet William.
text: William nods at them as he passes the doorman and maneuvers
text: himself through the crowd. Lamb sees him and lights up. She
text: waves. Loray seems sincerely shocked-- perhaps even a bit
text: hurt-- by William’s arrival.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: He never comes out. Never-ever-ever-
dialog: ever-ever....
text: Lamb interrupts the drunken broken record.
speaker_heading: LAMB
text: Right, he doesn’t come out.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 53.
text: William makes his way to dance floor. He looks good in his
dialog: non-bartender street clothes. Tough, but good.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: William, I thought you were going
dialog: to pick up a second shift tonight.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I changed my mind, called Patti.
dialog: (to Lamb)
dialog: I thought Loray was going to look
dialog: after you. She’s got you drinking
dialog: “Snowy Piss?”
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I haven't had a sip. As it turns
dialog: out, I’m hopeless at drinking.
text: Loray grabs Lamb’s beer can and shotguns it.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I could have told you that back at
dialog: the hotel. I was there for the
dialog: “schnapp-ocalypse.”
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m going to go get a cup of water
dialog: or something.
text: Smiling, she dashes off to the bar. Loray shimmies up next to
text: William, dancing. He frowns at her as she does the Swim.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What are you doing, Lor? Show-and-
dialog: tell?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Hey, she wanted to come here.
dialog: William, she’s from, like, a
dialog: religious commune. Okay? Like,
dialog: Basement. Religious. Slave. She's
dialog: never done any of this. It’s like
dialog: she’s a weird-ass Disney princess
dialog: that’s been locked in a tower her
dialog: whole life.
dialog: (singing The Little
dialog: Mermaid)
dialog: “She wants to be where the people
dialog: are. She wants to see, wants to see
dialog: them dancing...”
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Is that true?
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 54.
text: Loray is at the stage of tipsiness in which everything is
dialog: hilarious. Paraphrasing Ariel:
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: (still singing)
dialog: “She was-- what’s the word--
dialog: BURNED? When’s it her tuuurn?”
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I believe the sheltered bit. She’s
dialog: definitely confused about certain
dialog: customs. Do you know how much money
dialog: she tipped me for one drink?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: She's country, huh? Did she put
dialog: pennies on the bar?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Well, don’t complain, because I
dialog: didn’t get a tip! She did not tip
dialog: me, and I sang. From the heart! I
dialog: was an unexpected treat.
text: Before William can ask any more questions, Lamb returns from
text: the bar with a soft drink.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Would you believe I got this for
dialog: free? They said designated drivers
dialog: get free pop.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: What largesse.
text: Lamb leans against the wall. Though she’s trying to stay
text: energetic, her body language betrays that she’s SORE and
text: TIRED. She touches her arm. William notices.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Do you want to sit down?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m fine.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I don’t see any seats, anyway.
text: The bar is indeed packed, sweaty and seat-less.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 55.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: There’s an upstairs bar. It’s sort
dialog: of not open on weeknights, but they
dialog: know me here. They don’t care.
dialog: Maybe we'll just sit down for a few
dialog: minutes.
dialog: Lamb considers this cautiously.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you scared of me?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (yes)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I'd understand if you were.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Why, because you have a leather
dialog: jacket and some tattoos? Big deal.
dialog: I know ministers who look as
dialog: “tough” as you. Punks for Jesus.
dialog: Yeah, that’s old news.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (take aback)
dialog: Well, those guys are faking it.
dialog: They're using a look to sell
dialog: religion.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: They're playing a part, same as
dialog: you. I don’t know what you’re
dialog: selling, but I suspect you're as
text: toothless as they are.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You're mean, Lamb. I think I’11
dialog: just let you suffer.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: What?
dialog: William would never, but he’s very convincing.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You can stand here throbbing in
dialog: pain. I don’t care. Hey, there are
dialog: some nice seats in the latrine if
dialog: Hepatitis B is on your to-do list.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 56.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: Take me upstairs, please.
text: Everyone turns around, surprised.
scene_heading: INT. SCEPTRE LOUNGE (STAIRWELL) - NIGHT
text: William gently helps Lamb up the steep bar stairs. She’s
dialog: having trouble.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: I get really sore and stiff at
dialog: night. I’m just-- I can’t move very
dialog: well anymore.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Me neither, but I don’t have a
dialog: cool, tragic excuse. I’ve got a
dialog: hundred bucks that says you can
dialog: dance better than I can.
text: As William helps her, we see him discreetly RETURNING THE TIP
text: she left him, tucking it back into her purse. She doesn’t
dialog: notice.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Dancing? No. All I can do is sort
text: of bounce up and down.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: There’s nothing wrong with that.
dialog: All dancing is just a prelude to
dialog: bouncing anyway, right?
text: He winks.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (tight-lipped)
dialog: Mm-hm.
text: Lamb’s not sure why she’s following this guy upstairs, but
text: it’s too late to turn back.
scene_heading: INT. SCEPTRE LOUNGE (UPSTAIRS BAR) - NIGHT
text: William unhooks a rope blocking the entrance. The upstairs
text: bar is a quiet, empty room with an old-school big screen TV,
text: a Christmas tree, and plenty of seating. Lamb and William sit
text: down at a high-top table.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 57.
text: There’s a row of PAPER CHRISTMAS STOCKINGS tacked to the wall
text: with EMPLOYEES’ names on them.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Oh, stockings for the people who
dialog: work here. That must be so fun.
text: William can’t help but smile at Lamb’s wistful enthusiasm for
dialog: everyday things.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t have anything to drink.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I don’t drink.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Like me.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Not even a little.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I don’t drink anymore. I had some
dialog: problems with, ah, substances, and
dialog: the sale thereof.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Did some time. In prison.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Oh.
text: Lamb opens her purse, looking for something. She pulls out
text: the FLIER advertising “Ryder,” the prostitute. Her face falls
text: as she looks at the image.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I got this on the street.
text: She shows him solemnly, as if it’s a rare, horrible artifact.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Oh. Yeah, you always see these on
dialog: the Strip. Kind of grim, I guess.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I can’t stop thinking about her. I
dialog: wish I could find her. She must be
dialog: so scared, don’t you think?
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 58.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Ah, this isn’t even a real girl.
dialog: These places use fake, misleading
dialog: pictures.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I hear.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: The picture might be fake, and the
dialog: name might be fake, but if you dial
dialog: this number, a real human being
text: shows up.
text: William scans the flier.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
text: She does in-call as well.
dialog: That means you can also come
dialog: to her...
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I’m worried about her.
text: William, jaded, can’t believe how idealistic this girl is.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You can’t just go around saving
dialog: people. Trying to do that here is
dialog: like that arcade game, you know,
dialog: with the little mallet? You put one
dialog: devil down, another one’s just
dialog: gonna pop up.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: My religion
dialog: (catching herself)
dialog: Well, I’m an atheist now, but my
dialog: former religion says if you can
dialog: save one soul, you can save the
dialog: world.
text: Lamb is rummaging in her purse. She takes out her VICODIN
text: BOTTLE and opens it. She shakes out three pills. Shakes
text: again. NOTHING LEFT.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no. Oh gosh.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What is it?
text: Lamb is panicking.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Some of my pills are missing. I
dialog: need these.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: No worries. You probably have,
dialog: like, unlimited refills right?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Somebody stole from me. They stole
text: medication from a burn survivor.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Do you think Loray would take it?
text: William’s guilt is suddenly compounded.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: No. Loray wouldn’t do that.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I don’t know her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Oh. No. She’s so good, Lamb. She’s
dialog: a deeply good person. She loves the
dialog: Beach Boys.
dialog: (serious)
dialog: I’ve worked with her for four
dialog: years; she’s like my sister. She’s
dialog: my pit wife. Please don’t even
dialog: think for a second it was Loray.
dialog: You have enough for now, right?
dialog: There’s a bunch of 24-hour
dialog: pharmacies right around here. I'll
dialog: drive you.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Okay.
text: The mood has changed. Lamb swallows one of her remaining
text: Vicodins as William looks around for something, anything, to
text: cheer her up. He glances at the big TV.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Hey, you wanna see if there’s a
dialog: silly movie on or something?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (dejected)
dialog: Sure.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 60.
scene_heading: INT. SCEPTRE BAR (DOWNSTAIRS) - SAME
text: Loray is grinding with a HEAVILY BEARDED GUY. She takes a
text: swig of beer and tries unsuccessfully to make out with him
text: through his mass of facial hair.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: I can’t find your mouth.
scene_heading: INT. SCEPTRE LOUNGE (UPSTAIRS BAR) - SAME
text: William takes a remote from behind the bar and turns on the
text: big TV. He flips through the channels and finds...
text: The classic 1960s special, Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer.
text: Lamb reacts like a delighted child.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer! I
dialog: remember this.
text: William watches with her, equally pleased. The light flickers
text: on their faces.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Of course. Total classic. Even I’ve
dialog: seen this and my childhood was a
text: blur of beatings and evictions.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I watched this like, every year
dialog: when I was little. Then my parents
dialog: realized it left the Christ out of
dialog: Christmas, and that was the end of
dialog: that.
text: They watch for a moment. It’s the “Island of Misfit Toys”
text: sequence, in which a haunting song is sung by imperfect toys:
text: a polka-dotted elephant, a boat that doesn’t float, a train
text: with square wheels, and a lonely little rag doll (among
dialog: others).
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, this part is so sad. These are
dialog: the Misfit Toys. Nobody wants them
dialog: because they’re defective.
speaker_heading: ELEPHANT
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: How'd you like to be a spotted
dialog: elephant?
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 61.
speaker_heading: BOAT
dialog: (onscreen)
dialog: Or a boat that can't float?
text: Lamb watches, her eyes shining. Then:
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What’s wrong with the doll?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I don’t know. Nobody wants her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Seriously, though, what’s her
dialog: defect? I can see the train has
dialog: square wheels. And the elephant has
dialog: polka-dots. But that little doll
dialog: looks completely normal. What’s she
dialog: doing with those broken toys?
text: We see the rag doll. She does look perfectly normal. (This is
dialog: one thing that has never made sense about the “Misfit Toys”
dialog: scene.)
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: We probably just can’t see what’s
dialog: wrong with her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You think it’s under her dress or
dialog: something?
text: Lamb is uncomfortable. Her voice is strained.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Or...maybe she’s perfect.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Nah.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Maybe she’s just in the wrong
dialog: place.
text: Loray emerges from the stairwell, interrupting them. She
text: glances at the TV, drunk and dismissive.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: What is this? Gumby?
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 62.
text: William and Lamb groan at Loray’s flippancy toward such a
dialog: beloved show.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You don’t know what this is?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: You guys need to come downstairs
dialog: immediately. Some people are line
dialog: dancing as a joke.
text: William fakes jumping out of his seat. Then:
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: She needs to rest.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No, I’m fine now. Much better.
text: They rise and head toward the stairwell. Loray continues
text: babbling happily.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Hey William, you know that girl who
dialog: always does the splits? She did it
dialog: again. I'm like, bitch, we get it,
dialog: you can put your whole vagina on
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: I’m gonna fight her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I think it’s time to switch
dialog: to water.
text: Loray takes a last glance at the TV and shakes her head as
text: they descend. She loudly whispers to William.
speaker_heading: LORAY (0.S.)
dialog: You take a girl upstairs and you
dialog: put on cartoons? You’re a mess.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN LAS VEGAS - NIGHT
text: Lamb, William and Loray walk down Fremont Street, eating HOT
text: DOGS from a busy food truck.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 63.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: So is dirty street meat against
dialog: your religion?
text: Lamb is enjoying her hot dog immensely.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I think it could be my religion.
text: CHARLIE, the CUTE GIRL BARTENDER suddenly rushes up to Lamb,
text: still wearing her bar apron.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: Hey, thank you so much for that
dialog: tip. Wow. I just wanted to say
dialog: thanks before you take off. I
dialog: really appreciate it.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I can go to Burning Man now!
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Great.
text: Charlie, grinning, runs back into the bar. William realizes
text: Lamb has left another massive tip, but shrugs it off as
dialog: typical weirdness.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: What was that all about?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m really not sure.
text: A beat as they walk. William changes the subject, ticking
text: Lamb's “crimes” off on his fingers.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: So. You gambled, you drank, you
dialog: danced with-- what did you call
dialog: them, Sodomites?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yes. I failed at all three tasks.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You watched a movie with Santa
dialog: Claus.
dialog: (redneck drawl)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: You're wearin’ anti-Amurrican
dialog: clothing.
text: He flicks at the fringe on Lamb's scarf.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you going to do next?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: She needs to get turned out.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Hm?
text: William shoots an annoyed look at Loray.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: What? Don’t tell me “sins of the
dialog: flesh” aren’t part of the agenda.
dialog: It should be right there in your
dialog: little Sanrio day planner: GET
dialog: LAID. What else is there? At least
dialog: you have to do something dirty.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Okay. Well. Okay then. Let’s
dialog: go...see...Goddess.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: What's Goddess?
text: Lamb is already blushing before she even describes it.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You know. The adults-only show?
text: With the topless girls and the
dialog: volcanoes?
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: You know, where Nomi performs in
dialog: Showgirls? I know the Stardust
dialog: isn’t there anymore, but maybe they
dialog: moved the show to a different
dialog: venue.
text: Loray bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Lamb, Showgirls is not real. Okay?
dialog: It is not a documentary about Las
dialog: Vegas. It is fiction. It came out
text: of a horny Dutch man’s imagination.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 65.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I know! I just thought maybe
dialog: Goddess was real. The character of
dialog: Nomi, she makes such a big deal
dialog: about being in it.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: That’s perfectly understandable. I
dialog: thought it was real myself.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: (dying)
dialog: William, you did not.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I did. I’ve looked for it. Checked
dialog: every marquee.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: All right, I’m an idiot. I'ma
text: gullible idiot from the prairie.
dialog: Where do we go next, then?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Back to Paradise, baby!
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I thought we hated Paradise. I
dialog: thought Paradise was processed
dialog: cheese and dumb fountains,
dialog: etcetera.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: After hours is when the employees
dialog: come out to play.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: We know everyone, and everyone
dialog: loves us. We can go wherever we
dialog: want and our money is no good.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Um, I sort of need to find a
dialog: pharmacy first. I take medication.
dialog: For my pain. And somebody stole
dialog: most of it.
text: Loray glances at William. A COLD, DISAPPOINTED GLANCE, but
text: brief enough that Lamb doesn’t notice. Lamb turns to Loray.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think it could be one of
dialog: your friends?
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 66.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Possibly.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I’ll take you, Lamb. Loray, come
dialog: on. I don’t want you driving.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: It’s fine. I’1l get a cab.
dialog: (accusingly)
dialog: You take her to the drug store,
dialog: William. I’1l catch you later.
text: She begins to walk away from them rather suddenly.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Yeah, yeah, I need some breathing
dialog: room. It’s like shawarma and liquor
dialog: are having a UFC fight in my
dialog: stomach. I’1ll see you guys on
dialog: the Strip.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Okay.
text: Lamb, high on life and being “cool”, flashes the peace sign.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Later! Peace out.
text: Loray rolls her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. WALGREENS PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: William waits behind the wheel of his TOYOTA. Lamb runs out
text: of the 24-hour Walgreens clutching a PAPER BAG from the
text: pharmacy. She slides into the front seat cheerfully.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Phew. That wasn’t so hard. They had
text: it right there in the computer.
text: He watches her gobble down a couple of pills with a bit too
dialog: much enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Good, great.
dialog: (then)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 67.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, can I ask you a sensitive
dialog: question?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You know that prescription pain
dialog: killers are extremely addictive,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I have very serious injuries.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: No. I know. I know. I’m just saying
dialog: that this is, sadly, my area of
dialog: expertise. I happen to know that
dialog: certain controlled substances, such
dialog: as this one, can cause a
dialog: dependency. Even when people don’t
text: set out to abuse them.
text: Lamb is crumpling the bag irritably.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I know all this. I spent six months
dialog: in a hospital. I’m not some pill-
dialog: abusing druggie criminal like the
dialog: people you might know from “the
dialog: joint.”
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Lamb.
text: She sees how serious he is.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s not something a person can
dialog: always help. Even if they’re the
dialog: most well-meaning, most
dialog: responsible, nicest, loveliest
dialog: person in the world and they’re
text: named after a baby farm animal.
text: Lamb looks away.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I know people who’ve been so hooked
dialog: on that stuff that they’d do
dialog: anything to get it. Gross things.
dialog: Really bad things, not fake-fun-bad
dialog: like what you’re doing here.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Look, I know you guys think what
dialog: I’m doing here is so funny, but you
dialog: have no idea how serious it is to
dialog: me. Being here tonight goes against
dialog: every belief that’s been instilled
dialog: in me. It’s like bending a bone
text: backwards. I’m trying to smile and
dialog: have fun and let go, but I feel
dialog: like I’m going to snap.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: If it makes you feel better, it’s
dialog: not just you. Everyone who comes to
dialog: Vegas is testing the tensile
dialog: strength of their conscience.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Well, when does it get fun? I just
dialog: want to have fun. How is this
dialog: something people enjoy? Bars aren't
dialog: fun. That bar smelled like the flu.
dialog: And that dumb slot machine wasn’t
dialog: fun. It took my money and just said
dialog: “bar.” Great, I just paid ten
dialog: dollars for a machine to tell me
dialog: where I am. It’s not fun, William.
dialog: I just want to do something that’s
dialog: fun for me.
dialog: William considers what might be fun for Lamb.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Hm.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN EXPRESS ROLLER COASTER (TO ESTABLISH) - NIGHT
text: The huge ROLLER COASTER looms over the Strip.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK NEW YORK HOTEL (ROLLER COASTER) - NIGHT
text: Lamb, William and Loray wait in line for the roller coaster.
text: Loray’s arms are crossed and she’s pissed off. Lamb, however,
text: looks THRILLED.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Now this is wild and crazy, you
dialog: guys!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (humoring her)
dialog: I know.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 69.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: They didn’t have a roller coaster
dialog: at Creation Land. I’ve never been
dialog: on one. Aren’t you guys excited?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Loray, I think you might be Type D.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: What the hell is Type D?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You don’t know? It means depressed.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Maybe it’s just late on a Monday
dialog: and I’m tired of being your magical
dialog: negro.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Oh, boy.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: The “magical negro” is, uh, a
dialog: narrative convention in which a
dialog: black person uses their special
dialog: black wisdom to help a dumb white
dialog: person. We learned all about it in
dialog: film school. Ghost, Green Mile,
text: Bagger Vance. All magical negroes.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Except you're not wise or magical.
text: Loray burps.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Yes I am! Lamb, don’t I say a lot
dialog: of things that make you go, “Wow,
dialog: Loray just told me! She’s so
dialog: insightful.”
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: That's extremely racist.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (to Loray)
dialog: Let’s face it. You’re no
dialog: Bagger Vance.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Bagger Vance is immortal. He
dialog: doesn’t age.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: No, that’s just what Will Smith
dialog: looks like.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: No, the character didn’t age.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: What was the right answer? What was
dialog: I supposed to say.
text: William tries to put a friendly arm around Loray, but she
text: shrugs him off, annoyed. Now we can see she’s REALLY MAD, and
dialog: not about the Bagger Vance thing.
scene_heading: INT. ROLLER COASTER PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: William, Lamb and Loray stand behind the automated airgates
text: as the COASTER TRAIN arrives in the station.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Look, Lamb. There’s a spot open at
dialog: the front. Take it.
text: Lamb hesitates, peering at the front car.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: But then I have to sit next to a
text: strange man in a cowboy outfit.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: This is your first ride. You gotta
dialog: have the front so you can feel the
dialog: bugs hit your teeth.
text: Lamb looks again at her fellow passenger.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: LAMB
text: The cowboy outfit has no...behind
dialog: part.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Aw. Baby’s first assless chaps.
dialog: Don’t worry. You don’t have to talk
dialog: to him. Git.
text: Lamb boldly jogs to the front of the coaster train. The
text: airgates open. Loray is stuck riding with William. She looks
text: away as they climb into the train and pull down the
dialog: restraints.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Why are you mad at me?
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: You know why.
text: The roller coaster lurches out of the station.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Don’t be like this.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: It’s bad enough that you stole pain
text: relief from a girl who’s held
text: together with bandages and chewing
dialog: gum. But it’s even worse that
dialog: you're up her ass all night. The
dialog: whole “white knight” routine you
dialog: do. Helping her up that dark
dialog: stairwell. Bringing her here-- you
dialog: know we’re never caught dead doing
dialog: this tacky shit! And you’re
text: flirting with her. Making her feel
dialog: pretty. It’s cruel.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: She is pretty.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Obviously, yes, but she’s pretty
dialog: like the Playboy Mansion. Looks
dialog: like a dream, but you don’t want to
text: pull up the carpet.
text: The coaster ascends the lift hill.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you here?
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: I don’t know, I felt like it
dialog: tonight. My sponsor says I can’t
dialog: stay in forever and I thought it
dialog: was time.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Time. I bet it’s time. You’re here
dialog: because you found a blonde virgin
text: with a purse full of dope.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Lor, I have not broken any
dialog: promises. I’ve been staying out of
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: LORAY
text: “Trouble” is up there next to the
dialog: naked cowboy, and you’re acting
dialog: like you'd rather get in it.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I know this is hard to believe,
dialog: coming from me. But I would never
dialog: take advantage of her.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Ha. Yes, it is hard to believe
dialog: coming from you. The man they call
dialog: “William the Conqueror.” “Fill’em
dialog: Will’em.” “Bill the Butcher”...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Loray, I would never. Not her. I
dialog: wouldn’t take that from her.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Didn't you already take something
dialog: from her?
text: A moment of silence. Loray looks off toward the side of the
text: lift hill. They’re almost 200 feet above the Strip.
text: William reaches for Loray’s hand. She’s confused for a
text: moment. When William lets go, Loray opens her palm. He’s
text: surreptitiously handed her FOURTEEN VICODIN PILLS.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: They're all there. I didn’t
dialog: take a single one. I mean, yes, I
dialog: took them out of her purse about
dialog: four minutes after I met her. But I
dialog: didn’t take them.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve thought about them nonstop
dialog: since they’ve come into my
dialog: possession, but I haven’t taken
dialog: one.
text: There’s a moment of relieved silence for Loray. Then:
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: What do you expect me to do with
dialog: these? You know I prefer crack.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I don’t know. We'll give them back
dialog: to her and she’1l hate me and I’1l1
dialog: have a pathetic story for my next
text: NA meeting.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: No. I like how she looks at you.
dialog: She looks at you like you’re a good
dialog: person and not a total jagoff.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I know. But I can’t let her think
dialog: you stole it.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: I don’t care. Let’s protect her
dialog: from something. She’s gotta hang on
dialog: to some of that sweetness.
text: As the train crests the lift hill, Loray tosses the handful
text: of tiny white pills over the side.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Loray does her best meterologist impression.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Tonight’s Clark County forecast
text: calls for scattered flurries.
text: William watches the pills disappear.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Merry Christmas, assholes.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Open your damn mouths!
text: The train PLUNGES into the roller coaster’s spaghetti-like
text: mass of steel track.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS STRIP - NIGHT
text: Lamb's head is hanging between her knees.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Hey. Hey. You going to be okay?
text: They're standing on the still-busy sidewalk. Lamb downplays
text: her nausea and discomfort.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yes. I’m phenomenal.
text: She stands up. We see a spot of BLOOD on the elbow of her
dialog: cardigan.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: You're bleeding.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (downplaying)
dialog: I think I bumped my elbow going
text: around one of those turns.
text: William pulls up the sleeve of the cardigan. Lamb recoils
dialog: from this violation of privacy.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop it.
text: The elbow of Lamb’s compression garment is SOAKED in blood.
text: Loray winces and looks away.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You're hurt.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: It’s my skin graft.
text: William is trying to stay calm.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Can they re-graft it?
text: Lamb pulls away from him angrily.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yeah, at a special clinic in
dialog: Minnesota for human-jerky. I TOLD
dialog: you I was a mess. I told you.
dialog: Nobody ever believes me.
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You're not a mess. It’s not a big
dialog: deal. You just need to take it
dialog: easy. Chill at the hotel.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Chill? I’m tired of “taking it
dialog: easy.” I’ve been taking it easy for
dialog: two years now and I feel like I’m
text: rotting alive.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: From a scientific standpoint, we’re
text: all rotting alive.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: My gosh, I never thought about it
dialog: that way. You’re so wise.
text: On Loray: OWNED.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I think you’ve had enough fun for
dialog: the night. We need to patch you up.
text: Lamb is clutching her bleeding elbow.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Enough fun my skinless ass! It’s
dialog: easy for you to say “enough” and to
dialog: “take it easy”, because you already
dialog: got to do everything you wanted.
dialog: You already got to screw up and
dialog: disappoint your whole family.
dialog: On William: sadly, this is true.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: You've got those lines on your face
dialog: and that silver in your hair
dialog: because you lived. Now it’s my
dialog: turn.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I'm a dirtbag. You don’t want to be
dialog: like me.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (through tears)
dialog: Yes I do.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: You're lucky you had a nice life. I
dialog: know you resent all the Jesus stuff
dialog: and not being allowed to wear
dialog: shorts and the fact that they made
dialog: you practice the recorder
dialog: every day.
speaker_heading: LAMB
text: The flute.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: But there are worse things than
dialog: being protected. Having someone
dialog: care where you go and what happens
dialog: to you.
dialog: We can see that Loray has wished for this very thing. William
text: glances at her protectively.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: People in your family are probably
dialog: looking for you right now. Nobody's
dialog: looked for me in years. The last
dialog: time someone Googled me, there was
dialog: no Google. They had to Alta Vista
dialog: that shit.
text: Lamb looks up at Loray, still holding her elbow.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Also, I’m not the one bleeding on
dialog: the street right now. You've lived,
dialog: all right? All right, plane crash?
dialog: You lived, you died, and now you’re
dialog: living again. You’re a lot harder
dialog: than most of these clowns.
text: She gestures to the LATE NIGHT REVELERS on the street.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Let’s get you to the hospital.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Don’t bother. They’1l just wrap it
dialog: in some gauze and parade me around
text: in front of the med students. I
dialog: hate when people treat me like I’m
text: some kind of curiosity.
text: Loray glances at William. Guilty.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just going to go back to my
dialog: hotel.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You're not going alone.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Why not? I took a taxi from the
dialog: airport. I know what I’m doing.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Let William take you back.
text: William looks at Loray, surprised. Loray nods.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s the best guy when you need
dialog: taking care of. Once I got food
dialog: poisoning at work and he guarded
text: the door to the women’s bathroom
dialog: for six hours.
text: William smiles at this awful-yet-touching memory.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s not perfect. I’1l tell you no
dialog: lies. But he’1ll get you home in one
dialog: piece. Or whatever pieces you've
dialog: got left.
text: Lamb giggles through the pain.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You can trust him.
text: With that, she extends her blessing. William’s gratitude is
text: evident. Loray’s RESPECT means a lot to him.
dialog: Lamb considers it.
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS STRIP (CORNER) - NIGHT
text: William flags a CAB. Loray waits with Lamb on the sidewalk. A
text: taxi appears and pulls up to the curb.
text: William gives Loray a friendly hug and a peck.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (to Loray)
dialog: Good night, sweetie.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 78.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: See you in the pit.
text: William gestures for Lamb to enter the cab. She hesitates.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You go ahead. I want to say goodbye
dialog: to Loray.
text: William shrugs and hops in, leaving Loray and Lamb on the
dialog: sidewalk.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: It was truly a pleasure to
dialog: meet you. I know our time together
dialog: was short, but I valued it.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: It was something meeting you, too.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hey, look, I’m sorry I teased you
dialog: about all that sex stuff. I could
dialog: tell it upset you. It was pretty
dialog: insensitive of me.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Oh, sheesh, it’s fine. It’s not
dialog: like I’m a virgin.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Uh, what?
text: Lamb is shockingly casual.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’ve had sex. Of course.
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: I had sexual relations with Pastor
dialog: Rick, or just “Rick” as he asked me
dialog: to call him during that fateful
dialog: youth retreat. I’d been attracted
dialog: to him for a while and I succumbed
dialog: to baser urges. Looking back, I can
dialog: see that it was an abuse of power
dialog: on his part, but what’s done is
dialog: done...
dialog: Loray’s like what the fuck?
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t tell me you’re surprised. You
dialog: think fundamentalist Christians
dialog: don’t have sex?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Ha, everyone has sex. It’s the one
dialog: thing they haven’t figured out how
dialog: to control.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: I just thought...
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Even the church leaders do it.
dialog: Sometimes they get caught with
dialog: other men, even! Don’t you read the
dialog: news?
text: She hops into the cab, shrugging cheerfully despite her
dialog: injury.
text: Loray prevents her from shutting the car door.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Wait. What’s going to happen to
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You don’t care.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Let’s pretend I do.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Well, I know you think Las Vegas
dialog: was kind of a bust. But this is all
dialog: make-believe. It’s fake, like
dialog: Goddess.
text: Lamb smiles.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: If you still want to be a regular
dialog: American, like you said?
text: Lamb nods.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I think you need to go see America.
dialog: Lamb takes in this advice. Then:
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Hey, you know how you said no one
dialog: ever came looking for you? That
dialog: nobody cares where you are?
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Well, I followed you into the
dialog: bathroom. And then I followed you
dialog: downtown and, well, I gotta say...
dialog: more people should come looking for
dialog: you. They’d find some amazing
dialog: things.
text: Lamb reaches, painfully, to shut the CAB DOOR. Loray
text: intercepts, closing it gently and waving goodbye to her
dialog: “Disney princess.”
scene_heading: INT. PLANET HOLLYWOOD - LOBBY
text: William and Lamb enter the lobby. William is holding Lamb’s
text: injured elbow. They look cozy.
text: Yet another group of adorable young COLLEGE GIRLS walks by.
dialog: They're not “bad girls” ; they’re just having the time of
text: their life. They carry drinks and laugh. Lamb watches them
text: enviously. This is the normal life she dreams of.
text: Three of them cluster together for a photo while one holds up
text: her camera phone.
scene_heading: GIRL WITH CAMERA
dialog: Say it with me, guys...1-2-3...
dialog: (everyone together)
dialog: Phenom-enal!
text: Lamb turns to William suddenly.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Where do you think they’re going?
text: William is dismissive. Derisive, even.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I don’t know. There’s a nightclub
dialog: at this hotel that all the
text: “Trixies” and “Chads” seem to love.
dialog: They're probably going there.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I want to go to the club.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I don’t think that’s one of the
dialog: recommended steps in wound care.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Just for a minute. Just for one
dialog: minute so I can see.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: It’s not you. It’s loud and crowded
dialog: and it’s full of disgusting
dialog: aggressive people who will try to
dialog: put their...private parts...against
dialog: your...rear end.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You don’t have to mince words
dialog: around me, William. You can say
dialog: butt. Look, I said “butt” and hell
dialog: didn’t swallow me up.
text: A crying BRIDE stomps past, holding up her soiled hem.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You sure about that?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Okay? Okay!
text: She clutches her elbow in pain, grinning.
scene_heading: INT. PLANET HOLLYWOOD HOTEL (CLUB ENTRANCE) - NIGHT
text: A long line of CLUBGOERS snakes out of a huge, high-concept
dialog: Vegas hotel nightclub.
text: William moves easily to the front of the line, exchanges
text: pleasantries with the DOOR GUY, and ushers Lamb in.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB - NIGHT
text: The interior of the club is a dark labyrinth. There are
text: beautiful half-naked GIRLS dancing everywhere in Eden-themed
text: fig leaf ensembles. The music is bone-jarringly loud.
text: Lamb keeps one hand on William’s shoulder as he cuts through
text: the crowd. She’s never seen this many people crammed into one
dialog: place.
dialog: 82.
text: They finally emerge at the CENTER OF THE CLUB. It’s the time
dialog: of night when drunk and drugged people completely lose their
text: minds. It’s so loud that William can’t speak to Lamb, and
text: vice versa. He simply gestures as if to say, “Here we are.”
text: Lamb's expression is hard to read. Her face is solemn. There
text: are CLUB KIDS going wild all around them. Lamb is surrounded
text: by mayhem and indecency. William is concerned. Has he gone
dialog: too far?
text: A TINSEL CANNON goes off, spewing silver tinsel into the air.
text: It pours down on the cheering crowd.
text: Lamb can’t move, but she smiles. She starts laughing. It’s
text: the happiest William has seen her.
scene_heading: INT. PLANET HOLLYWOOD HOTEL - ELEVATOR
text: Lamb and William are standing in the corner of an OPEN
text: ELEVATOR, about to ride up to her floor. Lamb’s hair is full
text: of tinsel.
text: Suddenly, two of the FRAT GUYS we saw when Lamb first arrived
text: run to make the elevator. One shoves his hand between the
text: closing doors; they both hop in. Their eyes are bloodshot;
text: they're clearly messed up on some kind of disco biscuits.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Hi, guys!
text: The two GUYS freeze, horrified.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #1
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Oh shit, it’s the narc. It’s the
dialog: narc, man!
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No, silly, narcs report to me. I’m
dialog: a fed, remember?
text: The guys back away.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: This is my partner, Officer Cha.
text: William plays along flawlessly.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Good evening, boys. Or should I
dialog: say, good morning! My, you seem
text: wide awake at such a wee hour.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #1
dialog: (twitching)
dialog: We drank a lot of coffee. Energy
dialog: drinks.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Energy drinks.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Your pupils are unusually large. I
dialog: better get my eye flashlight.
text: The frat guys are wildly stabbing the “open door” button.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Very strange indeed, Officer
dialog: Krupke. Say, do you mind if I ask
dialog: where you purchased those drinks?
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY #2
dialog: We have to go.
text: The two guys dash off the elevator. William looks at Lamb,
dialog: amused.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: How long have you been here?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Only a few hours, I swear.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - 3:00 A.M.
text: Lamb and William enter Lamb’s suite. William is surprised by
dialog: its size.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: This is some room. Did they comp
dialog: you or something?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I had a coupon.
text: This seems an unlikely explanation, but William lets it go.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: I was planning to stay here for
dialog: a while anyway.
text: William looks around the immaculate suite. He sees Lamb's
text: clothing. Her Obama book. Her flute in its case. Then he sees
text: Lamb's DISHES sitting in a neat stack.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What’s with the dishes?
text: Lamb sighs.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I brought my own dishes from home.
dialog: I don’t know why people find this
dialog: so strange!
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: I had to let go of a lot of
dialog: prejudices and fears to come to Las
dialog: Vegas, so I don’t know why it’s
dialog: such a big deal that I’d want to
dialog: have my own tableware. I should
dialog: have something familiar. Hotels are
dialog: notoriously dirty.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: It’s fine. I was just wondering.
dialog: You know, hotel comforters are
dialog: supposed to be the worst.
text: Lamb eyes the patterned BEDSPREAD warily.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Yeah, they don’t wash them and
dialog: they’re allegedly covered in se...
dialog: (correcting himself)
dialog: Cigar...ette ash.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Should I take it off?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Sure.
text: Lamb pulls the comforter off the bed and onto the floor.
text: There’s something awkward about discussing the bed.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You didn’t have to come all the way
dialog: to my room. I could have found my
text: way up from the lobby.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I see that you can take care of
dialog: yourself. You’d already used some
dialog: kind of mind trick on those bros in
dialog: the elevator.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 85.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Well, that’s a bit like hypnotizing
dialog: chickens.
dialog: (off his blank look)
dialog: Easy.
text: William sits down on the DESK CHAIR.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: So when you said you'd be staying
dialog: here for a while, how long did you
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I don’t know. I just don’t want to
dialog: go back to Billings.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: There are other places on the good-
dialog: times continuum between Billings
dialog: and the Vegas Strip.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I'm figuring that out.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Hm. You know, I think you'd love
dialog: Chicago.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Where are you from?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Chicago.
text: Lamb smiles.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Since I’m never going to see you
dialog: again, you should know-- you have a
dialog: right to know-- that I’m the one
dialog: who stole your Vicodin. I fished
dialog: them right out of your bag.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Abhh...
dialog: We think she’s going to protest.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: .--bviously.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: How did you know that?
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 86.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I left my purse with you and you're
dialog: a recovering drug addict. My mom
dialog: always says that when people tell
dialog: you who they are, you should
dialog: listen.
dialog: William nods: fair enough.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, I understand. I’m not
dialog: without my vices. I’m totally
dialog: addicted to-- well, you know those
dialog: vanilla sandwich cookies, with the
dialog: creme filling? I love them. If you
dialog: had a big bag of those cookies,
dialog: boy, when you weren’t looking? I'd
dialog: eat a couple. Maybe I’d eat 10. My
text: flesh is weak.
text: She’s anything but weak, and William knows that.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I doubt that.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No, I’1l admit it. I love vanilla
dialog: sandwich cookies.
dialog: (quietly, almost
dialog: whispering)
dialog: And also Vicodin.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What?
text: Lamb whispers again, this time closer to him. He nods.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT’D)
dialog: I think you can get the situation
dialog: under control. The cookies, I mean.
text: Lamb looks worried and self-conscious. Obviously, he’s not
text: talking about the cookies.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: If you need help, there are lots of
dialog: counselors that specialize in creme-
dialog: filled desserts. No big whoop. But
dialog: personally? I think there probably
dialog: isn’t anything you can’t do.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 87.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: William, I mean no offense. But are
dialog: you trying to get into my surgical
dialog: support hose?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: No. This is not to say I wouldn't.
dialog: I would.
text: Lamb blushes.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I would! I love support hose. I
dialog: would peel ‘em right off. Throw
text: them around my head like a lasso.
text: Lamb bursts out laughing despite being totally scandalized.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I should go. I understand
dialog: if you don’t want to exchange email
dialog: or whatever. Or regular addresses.
dialog: You do live on a street, right?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Rural Route 13. And don’t go.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Don't go.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I lied to you. I’m a liar and an
dialog: addict Just another Vegas lost
dialog: cause. Why do you keep trusting me?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: It’s a very potent act to put your
dialog: faith in someone who’s lost their
dialog: faith in themselves.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Yeah, I guess it is.
text: Lamb seems to have an epiphany.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Will you help me with something
dialog: that might seem weird?
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 88.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What have we been doing all night?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - 3:30 A.M.
text: Lamb sits on her bed and picks up the ROOM PHONE. We can’t
text: see who she’s calling. William lingers supportively.
speaker_heading: LAMB (ON PHONE)
dialog: Hi. I have a question. My name is
dialog: Lamb.
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: No, actually I am not a prostitute.
scene_heading: EXT. CHEETAH STRIP CLUB - 4:00 A.M.
text: Dusk approaches. Lamb, still in her bloodied cardigan and
text: jeans, approaches the cheesy, neo-Classical facade of the
text: CHEETAH GENTLEMAN'S CLUB. William is apprehensive about this
dialog: plan.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I’m going in with you, of course.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Certainly not. I have to go alone.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What? I’m coming in!
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You can’t do that.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Why? Is this a religious thing? You
dialog: don’t trust me, do you? I don’t
dialog: blame you if you don’t.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I trust you! It’s just that I will
dialog: die of embarrassment if I have to
dialog: enter this temple of Jezebel with a
dialog: guy that I like!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Oh.
dialog: 89.
text: Lamb walks toward the club. She offers the COVER CHARGE to
text: one of the two BOUNCERS. He waves her in wordlessly. She
text: looks small and vulnerable as she ducks through the doorway.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER #1
dialog: I gotta call my daughter.
scene_heading: INT. CHEETAH STRIP CLUB - SAME
text: Lamb enters. The vibe at a strip club at 4:00 AM is a strange
text: one. Some of the GIRLS are cashing out. There are girls
text: onstage, girls leaving. Lamb scans the room.
text: A baby-faced, Michael Cera-esque MANAGER approaches her.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Hi, do you need an application?
text: A STRIPPER in a dowdy PUFFER COAT, Uggs and a Chicago Bears
text: hat heads for the door, counting a wad of bills.
speaker_heading: MANAGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Justice? What did I say about no
dialog: street clothes on the work floor?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Sorry, Bernard.
text: She saunters out of the club, rolling her eyes.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: It really ruins the illusion.
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (to Lamb)
dialog: Sorry. Hi.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m looking for someone.
text: The manager sighs.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Are you hear to make trouble?
dialog: Collect a real or imagined debt?
dialog: Choke a bitch out?
text: Lamb reaches into her purse and slips a BILL into the
text: manager’s hand. She shakes it firmly.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Peace be with you.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 90.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Oh. Merry Christmas.
dialog: (looking at the bill)
dialog: Please enjoy the club.
scene_heading: INT. CHEETAH STRIP CLUB (MAIN FLOOR) - SAME
text: Lamb crosses the club floor. It’s a sad place that masks its
text: sadness with colorful lights and thumping music.
text: Lamb looks at one of the dancers and realizes: it’s STRIPPER
text: #3 from the airport baggage claim. The girl meets Lamb’s
text: gaze; she recognizes her, vaguely, but is too fucked up on
dialog: something or other to register much.
text: Lamb waves and continues across the floor. She follows two
text: GIRLS up a STAIRWAY and through an open door.
scene_heading: INT. CHEETAH STRIP CLUB (DRESSING ROOM) - SAME
text: Lamb cautiously enters the large, grimy DRESSING ROOM. She
text: brightens immediately. She’s found the person she was looking
text: for: A tired BRUNETTE in her mid-thirties, checking her
text: makeup in the mirror. She wears a Santa Claus bikini.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Hello. Are you Ryder?
text: “Ryder” has to think about that one.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Huh? Uh, yeah. Yeah, I’m Ryder.
dialog: What do you want?
text: She looks around as if expecting some kind of ambush. Lamb
text: holds up a familiar, crumpled yellow paper.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I called the number on the flier.
text: Ryder takes a plastic BRUSH out of her purse and begins
text: brushing the matted ends of her hair extensions.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: I’m not working tonight.
text: Lamb begins picking soiled COSTUMES and DRESSES up off the
text: floor. She brushes them off and starts hanging them neatly on
text: a nearby rack.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 91.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I know. The agency told me. I asked
dialog: where I could find you, and they
dialog: said you dance here.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: They're not supposed to give out
dialog: that information.
text: Lamb folds a bikini bottom and sets it on the counter.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I know. I’m afraid I lied. I told
dialog: them I was your babysitter and
dialog: there was an emergency.
text: Ryder bristles, alarmed.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: How do you know about my kids?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I don’t.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Did a guy put you up to this or
dialog: something? I can do couples, but it
dialog: costs extra.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Oh no, it’s just me.
text: Lamb picks up a can of DISINFECTANT and sprays it liberally
text: all over the room.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Why are you cleaning?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I just like things to be nice.
text: Ryder is straddling the nasty old “boudoir” chair in her
text: thin bikini bottoms.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: I get it. I’m weird about germs
dialog: too.
dialog: (Somehow, we doubt this.)
text: A prolonged silence. Then:
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 92.
speaker_heading: RYDER (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m supposed to be in the Jell-o
text: pit in ten minutes.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I'd like to pay you for your time.
dialog: Is there somewhere we can speak
dialog: privately.
scene_heading: INT. STRIP CLUB (JACUZZI) - TWENTY MINUTES LATER
text: Lamb and Ryder soak their feet in a nasty old Jacuzzi in the
text: strip club dressing room. Lamb’s SUPPORT HOSE are off. The
text: water bubbles around their ankles.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: So this is nice!
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (not really)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Okay, here's the thing: I’ma
dialog: Christian. And a big part of that,
dialog: at least ideally, is reaching out
dialog: to people. Where there is charity,
dialog: there is God.
dialog: Ryder has been proselytized at before.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Oh no. No offense, but I hate all
dialog: that religious stuff.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Wait. Listen, I know what it’s like
dialog: to not believe in anything. You see
dialog: my scars?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Yeah. No offense, that’s busted.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I was in a plane that went down.
dialog: The boy who was courting me-- my
dialog: boyfriend, I guess you would call
dialog: him-- he was a pilot in the Air
dialog: Force. It was our first date
dialog: without a chaperone, and he decided
dialog: to take me up. He was very
dialog: experienced, but...
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 93.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Did he get as messed up as you?
text: Lamb smiles. The Jacuzzi shuts off and the water stagnates.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: He got lucky.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Not a scratch, huh?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No, he died.
text: This matter-of-fact statement reveals how truly difficult
dialog: Lamb’s recovery has been.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Hard to believe in God after that.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You said it, Ryder! That’s been my
dialog: whole crisis. My cross to bear if
dialog: you'll pardon the expression. I
dialog: know you don’t like “religious
dialog: stuff.”
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: S'fine.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: But if that hadn’t happened- the
dialog: pain, the operations, the skin
dialog: grafts, everything-- I wouldn’t
dialog: have been able to come here. I
dialog: wouldn’t have come to this
dialog: incredibly spiritual city. I
dialog: wouldn't have made new friends that
dialog: I couldn’t have found anywhere else
dialog: in the world. I wouldn’t have met
dialog: William...
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You think Vegas is spiri-chall?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Technically, this is Paradise.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Whatever. You hooked up with some
dialog: guy and now you believe in God
dialog: again? Girl, you’re just
dialog: dickmatized.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 94,
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No. I know it seems strange to
dialog: suffer so much pain for just the
dialog: tiniest flash of beauty-- but it’s
dialog: fair. I don’t know how, but it adds
text: up. The world is tipped in favor of
dialog: goodness. That’s how I know someone
dialog: is there. I can’t see him, or her,
dialog: or it, but I know. I can feel His
dialog: hand on the scale, making things
dialog: even out. Giving our lives worth.
text: Ryder makes a face that (somewhat) approximates a SMILE.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: My time is almost up.
text: Lamb stands up, wincing a little. The usual morning pain. She
text: walks over to her purse and takes out a MASSIVE ROLL OF
speaker_heading: BILLS.
speaker_heading: RYDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t hand it to me. Just leave it
text: on the side of the tub.
text: Ryder looks at Lamb and realizes that she’s peeling off
scene_heading: MULTIPLE HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS.
speaker_heading: RYDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, I said a hundred.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m giving you five grand in cash,
dialog: and writing you a much bigger check
dialog: as well. I know you guys don’t take
dialog: checks, but I promise I’m good
dialog: for it.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Is this a joke?
text: Lamb is writing a CHECK with a pink ballpoint pen. She
text: doesn’t even look up as she explains herself.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: There was a problem with the plane.
dialog: Major mechanical failure. Our
dialog: families-- my family and Micah’s
dialog: family-- they sued and won. I’m
dialog: worth like, eight million?
text: She places the check and the cash on the side of the Jacuzzi
text: tub, as if it doesn’t matter if it falls in or gets soggy.
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: I think people expected me to give
dialog: it to my church, but I have some
dialog: other ideas. Maybe I’1l be like...
dialog: a traveling ministry. People are
dialog: always saying “Oh, if I had
dialog: millions of dollars, I would help
dialog: people.” Well now, I’m that person.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Is this a reality show?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Then why?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Sometimes a little ripple can
dialog: affect a big change, like...
text: She quickly amends Melanie’s favorite saying, glancing at the
dialog: hot tub.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Like, uh, like that jet in the tub.
text: Just shooting out a little air.
text: Ryder looks confused. Then:
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: It’s a good thing you picked me.
dialog: Because these other girls-- man!
dialog: some of them would just blow it all
dialog: on junk or clothes or whatever. Not
dialog: me.
dialog: (rambling)
dialog: I’m going to get some things for my
dialog: boys. My one son’s birthday is the
dialog: day after Christmas, so.
text: She gathers up the money.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: That must have been a great
dialog: present.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Yeah. Why did you pick me, anyway?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I got the flier. I saw your
dialog: picture. I liked your face.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 96.
text: Ryder sees the HUGE FIGURE on the check and gasps in
text: disbelief. She looks up at Lamb like “Are you serious?”
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: That picture’s 10 years old. I
dialog: don’t even look like that anymore.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: But it’s still you. Don’t say that.
dialog: (fierce)
dialog: It’s still you.
text: Lamb suddenly lunges forward and HUGS Ryder, who resists, her
text: arms and legs locked. Ryder has forgotten how to hug. But she
text: lets Lamb do it anyway. Passively, charitably, she allows the
dialog: hug.
text: Lamb exhales, shuddering, into Ryder’s sun-damaged bosom. Her
text: eyes are shut tight.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: You're giving me one thing to not
dialog: screw up.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: As long as you try. That’s all.
scene_heading: INT. CHEETAH STRIP CLUB - NIGHT
text: As Lamb heads down the staircase adjacent to the main stage,
text: she pauses. She reaches into her purse and tosses a handful
text: of CASH into the air. It drifts gracefully down onto the
text: floor. The STRIPPERS FREAK OUT.
speaker_heading: BLONDE STRIPPER
dialog: Holy crap!
speaker_heading: AIRPORT STRIPPER
dialog: These are Benjamins!
scene_heading: CHUBBY STRIPPER
dialog: Bloody Elbow’s making it rain!
scene_heading: CRAWLING STRIPPER
dialog: (pocketing bills)
dialog: Thank you, Jesus.
text: She crosses herself and prays quietly. Lamb watches for a
text: beat. Then she hurries out the door of the club.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT. CHEETAH STRIP CLUB - SAME
text: The sky is growing light. Lamb walks across the mostly empty
text: parking lot toward William. One of the bouncers calls out to
text: her, concerned.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Hey, where you going?
text: Lamb turns to face him, stumbling backwards. She opens her
dialog: arms to embrace the world.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Everywhere.
text: William takes her gloved hand. They walk off into the dawn.
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS STRIP - DAWN
text: It’s a grey early morning. Williams HANDS are COVERING Lamb’s
text: EYES. He removes them, revealing...
text: The Excalibur CASTLE that captured Lamb’s imagination when
dialog: she first arrived.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: The castle! Finally.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Do you like buffets?
text: Lamb briefly recalls her bad buffet encounter. Then:
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I love them.
scene_heading: INT. EXCALIBUR ROOFTOP - SUNRISE
text: Lamb sits on the roof, watching the sun rise among the fake
text: castle turrets. William appears with two plates. Lamb’s has
text: MICKEY MOUSE PANCAKES, which she notices with delight.
text: William settles in and takes in the sunrise. Lamb leans in
text: suddenly and KISSES HIM.
text: William is startled, but he does not resist.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 98.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Yes, I’ve done so much for you.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I’m sorry about the bar, when I
dialog: said you weren’t scary. I lied. I’m
dialog: terrified. Here, feel this.
text: She puts his hand near her heart.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: That’s not fear.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You don’t think?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: It’s been a couple of years since
dialog: my heart raced for any good reason.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Now it’s your turn.
text: They KISS again. And we LEAVE them, looking out onto the
dialog: waking city...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Lamb returns to her hotel room alone, looking dreamy.
text: Smiling, she packs her suitcase again, tossing everything in
text: with uncharacteristic recklessness.
text: Before she exits, she takes one last look at the now sun-
dialog: filled room.
text: She rises onto her tiptoes and sinks. Up and down. Up and
text: down again. It’s a strange little bounce. Her arms swing.
dialog: Could it be? Lamb is...DANCING.
scene_heading: INT. PLANET HOLLYWOOD HOTEL (FRONT DESK) - DAY
text: Lamb approaches the reservation desk, her bags in tow.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Checking out?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Yes. 1427.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 99.
text: She slides over her key. The clerk types on the computer. His
text: demeanor changes to one of recognition/annoyance.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: 1427. Did you happen to check your
dialog: messages upstairs?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I didn’t see any messages.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: When your phone blinks, it means
dialog: you have messages.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Sorry. I wasn’t in my room a lot.
dialog: (winking)
dialog: Vegas.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Well, you have 17 messages.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: 17?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: A Doug Mannerheim. Then Melanie
dialog: Mannerheim. Then Melanie and Doug
text: together, crying and singing hymns.
dialog: Then Melanie again. Pretty much off
text: and on like that for hours on end.
dialog: Eventually she was just like, “Hi
dialog: sweetie, it’s just me, Mel.”
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She’s crazy.
text: Lamb is touched. Loray was right.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Sorry about that.
text: She signs for the room, tips the clerk and heads for the
text: exit. The clerk looks at the tip?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Hey, what did you play? Did you
dialog: shoot craps?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: Pardon me!
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 100.
scene_heading: EXT. MANNERHEIM HOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: MUSIC UP: A Christmas carol
text: A CAB from a RURAL TAXI COMPANY drives up the isolated
text: country road to the Mannherheim’s house. From a distance, we
text: see Lamb exit the car.
text: A disheveled Lamb heads up the snow-covered front walk. The
text: house is lit-up and looks cozy and inviting.
text: She pauses to look at the big, illumnated NATIVITY SCENE by
text: the front entrance. Yes, it’s plastic and tacky. But it’s
text: also touching. Lamb smiles sadly at the Baby Jesus doll
text: tethered to the manger with a bike lock.
text: Lamb opens the front door. Melanie is passing through the
text: kitchen with a cup of cocoa. She wears glasses and sweatpants
text: and looks adorably frumpy compared to her glamorous “church
dialog: look.”
text: She turns and sees Lamb.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Oh thank God.
text: Melanie and Lamb rush toward each other. Melanie sweeps Lamb
text: into her arms, her first words summing up every mother’s
dialog: chief anxiety:
speaker_heading: MELANIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you hurt? Are you hurt?
text: Lamb's face is muffled against her mother’s shoulder. They’re
text: both in tears.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No... I’m happy.
text: Doug hurries down the stairs in pajamas.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Is she in pain?
speaker_heading: MELANIE
text: She says she’s happy.
text: Doug’s relief turns to anxiety in an instant.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Oh no.
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 101.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Melanie and Doug sit on the couch near the Christmas tree.
text: Lamb sits in a chair facing them. Melanie is rapidly tapping
text: her foot on the floor.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: You going to talk first?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: If you don’t mind...
text: Melanie’s reply is machine-gun rapid.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Ha, of course I don’t mind. I’ma
dialog: very generous listener; you
dialog: know me. All-Ears Mel.
text: She bites her lip impatiently.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: What I did in church-- it was
dialog: wrong. Disrespectful. I had a
dialog: problem with people shouting their
dialog: beliefs at me, but then I went and
dialog: did the same in turn.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Everyone understands that you’ve
dialog: been through a trial.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: But they must have been upset.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: People tried to talk. But your
dialog: mother wouldn’t let them get away
dialog: with it. She would defend you
dialog: through anything.
text: Lamb looks at Melanie. Melanie looks down.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (touched)
dialog: Really, Mom?
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Yes, duh.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 102.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You commited apostasy. Are you
dialog: prepared to repent before God and
dialog: the community?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: No.
text: Doug and Melanie are startled by this.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: ...not before the community. This
dialog: is between me and God. I know you
dialog: love your church, but right now I
dialog: don’t need the stadium-seating and
dialog: the Teen Club and Christian Talent
dialog: Night. There’s nothing wrong with
dialog: those things, but I want to know
dialog: who I am and what I believe away
dialog: from all of it. Just me, flesh and
dialog: bone.
text: Melanie and Doug take this in. Then:
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Well, you’re a just a little too
dialog: old for Teen Club...
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: That’s not my point. I want to go
dialog: out in the world and act on it. If
dialog: you stay in a place where everyone
dialog: thinks and acts the same as you,
dialog: it’s just an echo-chamber for
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (missing the point)
dialog: I think the new carpeting really
dialog: cut down that echo.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Lamb, you may not realize this, but
dialog: I can be bit of a maverick myself.
dialog: Remember that sermon about the
dialog: dangers of yoga and how it subtly
dialog: encourages the worship of false
dialog: gods? Well, I thought that was a
dialog: bunch of bunk. I went ahead and
text: joined a yoga class at the gym.
dialog: I’ve been going regularly. What do
dialog: you think of that?
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 103.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Good for you, Mom.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: I just change it up a little in my
dialog: mind. Sun Salutation becomes God
dialog: Salutation. Down Dog is Down Satan,
dialog: and so forth.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We're not stuffy, honey. We’re open
dialog: to hearing about your new beliefs
dialog: as long as they’re still extremely
dialog: conservative.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Dad...I disagree with many of the
dialog: things I’ve been taught.
text: Heavy silence from Melanie and Doug.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Certain things aren’t a matter of
dialog: agreement or consent. Some things
dialog: are just God’s word--
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: (heated)
dialog: Or your interpretation thereof--
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: Christ speaks directly into the
dialog: hearts of our leaders.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Like Pastor Rick?
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Hey!
text: Lamb and Doug look at Melanie. Her sharp tone implies that
text: maybe she’s not totally ignorant of the Pastor Rick incident.
speaker_heading: MELANIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I know there’s one thing God hates
dialog: and that’s sharpened tongues in the
dialog: home. So let’s just throttle down
dialog: here and save the arguing for an
dialog: appropriate time, like tomorrow.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 104.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Just-- just let me show you guys
dialog: this one thing. You’re not going to
dialog: like it, but just promise me you
dialog: won't judge.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: This is important to me. Try to be
dialog: open-minded.
scene_heading: INT. MANNERHEIM HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - MINUTES LATER
text: The lights are low. The Mannherheims watch Rudolph the Red-
text: Nosed Reindeer on the big TV. It’s near the end.
text: Melanie and Doug are tight-lipped with disapproval, as if
text: they've been forced to watch something racy.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Where did you get this?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: The airport, on my way back.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It reminded me of a nice time.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Your childhood, huh?
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Sure.
text: They watch for a few beats.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: This isn’t so bad, I suppose. It’s
dialog: clean.
text: Doug seems surprisingly approving.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: You know, at least it celebrates
dialog: Christmas.
dialog: (sanctimonious)
dialog: Not Kwanzaa or Ramadan
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: That reminds me. I got this really
dialog: cool scarf on my trip.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 105.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: It would look great on you. I’d
dialog: like you to have it.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Really? Thanks, honey.
text: Lamb is completely straight-faced.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: You should wear it to church.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I will.
text: Lamb snuggles up between her parents. There are certain
dialog: things that will divide them forever. But for now, they’re
text: together and Lamb is safe. Then.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Are you leaving, Lamb?
text: Lamb stares at the screen. The Misfit Toys, finally
text: appreciated, are being dropped from Santa’s sleigh into the
text: outstretched arms of children.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: This is something I need to do.
scene_heading: INT. IMPERIAL PALACE (BAR) - NIGHT
scene_heading: MUSIC UP: AN UPBEAT PARTY SONG
text: Close on a POSTCARD from Chicago with a photo of the BLUES
text: BROTHERS. “Greetings from the Windy City!”
text: Reveal William behind the bar. He reads the postcard for a
text: moment. Then, he carefully tapes it to the wall above his
text: cash register. There are FIVE OTHER CARDS already affixed to
dialog: the wall: New York. Hollywood. Austin, Texas. New Orleans.
dialog: Walt Disney World.
text: Loray sidles up to the busy bar in her sequined
text: “dealer-tainer” finery. William turns around.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Another postcard, huh? The girl
dialog: gets around.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
text: She’s on a mission from God.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I can’t believe they even find
dialog: their way here.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: The address just says “William and
dialog: Loray, Imperial Palace, Paradise,
dialog: Nevada.”
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: We've worked here so long we’re on
dialog: the National Registry of Historic
dialog: Suckers.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: At least you're graduating soon.
text: Though Loray shrugs this off, we see a glimmer of pride in
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: With my lucrative B.A. in
dialog: Complaining About Cinema.
dialog: (then)
dialog: So where is she now? Chicago?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: She was, for a time. The she went
dialog: back to Montana to make things
dialog: right with her folks. Sounds like
dialog: it went fairly well.
dialog: (casual)
dialog: She mentioned she might want to
dialog: give Las Vegas another chance.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: I see you trying to not smile. Look
dialog: at that. You’re like a seventh-
dialog: grade girl.
text: William turns away, refilling a CUSTOMER’S pint glass.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I’m not smiling.
text: Loray tries to catch him in the act as he bobs and weaves to
dialog: avoid her.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: Yeah, right! I see you cheesing
dialog: back there. Careful, you might pull
text: a muscle.
text: The EMCEE has taken the stage. Loray finishes her drink.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m up.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Break one.
speaker_heading: EMCEE
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, the Imperial
dialog: Palace is proud to present the
dialog: musical stylings of our dealing
dialog: diva, Loray!
text: Loray takes the mic.
speaker_heading: LORAY
dialog: I think you’re going to like this
text: one. It swings.
text: She nods to the BAND. We hear the tinkling opening notes of
text: “Wouldn’t it Be Nice?” by the Beach Boys. Loray begins to
text: sing in her sweet, clear voice.
speaker_heading: LORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wouldn't it be nice if we were
dialog: older...
text: The CROWD responds favorably, applauding as Loray bounces
text: around the casino with the mic. This is the musical “happy
dialog: medium” she’s been looking for.
text: William watches her with admiration and affection.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - DAY
text: Lamb sits in the window seat of an airborne JET. She looks
text: more confident and assured than we’ve ever seen her.
text: No longer hiding in shapeless garments, she wears the clothes
text: a “normal” 22-year-old woman would wear. Skinny jeans, a
text: hoodie, and a pair of boots. But there’s a small CROSS around
text: her neck and she still carries herself with Lamb-like
dialog: dignity.
text: Lamb gazes out the window as the sun melts into the clouds.
dialog: It’s as beautiful as any religious illustration. But it’s
speaker_heading: REAL.
text: We hear Loray’s voice singing joyfully: Wouldn't it be
dialog: nice...
dialog: We don’t know where Lamb’s going. But we know she’s going to
dialog: be all right.
text: THE END.
dialog: 108.
dialog: 
