dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PARANORMAN
dialog: Written by
dialog: Christopher Butler
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 1 INT. RESEARCH LABORATORY - NIGHT 1
text: An attractive FEMALE SCIENTIST in a gore-spattered lab
text: coat moves fearfully along a wall, passing benches strewn
text: with broken lab equipment. Her ample bosom heaves as she
text: PANTS nervously, mascara-rimmed eyes darting to and fro.
text: Glass SMASHES on the floor nearby and MELODRAMATIC MUSIC
text: swells. The woman backs into a shadow, not noticing a
text: pair of dead eyes catching the moonlight behind her.
text: The music climbs to a frenzy as something GROANS horribly
text: into the woman's ear. She spins around on her stiletto
text: heels as a rotted face looms out of the darkness,
text: drooling through broken teeth, and lunges at her neck.
speaker_heading: ZOMBIE
dialog: Brains!
text: CLOSE ON the woman as she raises her hands and SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 2 2
scene_heading: INT. BABCOCK'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Eleven year-old NORMAN BABCOCK sits on the floor
text: watching TV. He has large piercing eyes and a messy shock
text: of hair. The movie scene we just witnessed continues off-
text: screen with the sound of bloodcurdling SCREAMS.
text: Behind him sitting upon a sofa is GRANDMA BABCOCK, a
text: plump old lady squinting through thick glasses.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA BABCOCK
dialog: What's happening now?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: The zombie is eating her head,
dialog: Grandma.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA BABCOCK
dialog: That's not very nice. What's he
dialog: doing that for?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Because he's a zombie. That's what
dialog: they do.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA BABCOCK
dialog: Well he's going to ruin his
dialog: dinner. I'm sure if they just
dialog: bothered to sit down and talk it
dialog: through it'd be a different story.
text: Norman CHUCKLES, as if the idea is absurd, then winces as
text: he hears his father shout from the kitchen.
dialog: ParaNorman 2.
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED: 2
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK (O.S.)
dialog: Norman! Didn't I tell you to take
dialog: out the garbage?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Coming, Dad!
speaker_heading: GRANDMA BABCOCK
dialog: Tell him to turn up the thermostat
dialog: too, will ya? My feet are like
dialog: ice.
text: Norman nods to her and shuffles over to the kitchen door.
dialog: 
dialog: 3 3
scene_heading: INT. BABCOCK'S HOUSE, KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Norman's mother, SANDRA BABCOCK, is emptying the
text: dishwasher. She is in her late thirties, and wears `mom'
dialog: clothes that do no favors for her figure. His father,
text: PERRY BABCOCK, is older, with a neatly-trimmed beard
text: trying hard to delineate chin from neck. He stands on a
text: chair, decked out in tool belt and safety goggles, even
text: though he's only changing a light bulb in a ceiling
dialog: fixture.
text: Sandra smiles at her son as he makes his way silently to
text: an overstuffed trash can as tall as he is.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Hi. Whatcha watching in there?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Sex and violence.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Oh. That's nice.
text: Perry glares over as Norman wrestles with the garbage.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Can't you be like other kids your
text: age and pitch a tent in the yard,
dialog: or have a healthy interest in
dialog: carpentry?
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Perry...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I thought you said kids my age
dialog: were too busy shoplifting and
dialog: joyriding?
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Norman!
text: He hefts the bag onto the floor and ties it in a knot.
dialog: ParaNorman 3.
speaker_heading: 3 CONTINUED: 3
text: Breezing into the kitchen through the back door while
text: CHATTING inanely on her cell phone, Norman's older sister
text: COURTNEY is fifteen years-old and is the bleached-blonde
text: cheerleader archetype of every schoolboy's sordid dreams.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Oh yeah, he's r-i-double p-e-d.
dialog: Like, a seven pack at least.
speaker_heading: (TO NORMAN)
dialog: Ew! Watch it!
text: She pushes her brother out of the way as he drags the
text: garbage outside.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Courtney, be nice.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Yeah, she totally doesn't deserve
dialog: him. I mean, she's nice and I
dialog: really like her, but she's a
dialog: complete loser. Yeah, I know.
text: Courtney slumps into a chair at the table, twisting a
text: strand of gum out of her mouth with a finger.
text: Norman returns inside and shuts the door, pausing a
text: moment as if thinking something over.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Dad? Grandma says, "Can you turn
dialog: up the heating?" Her feet are
dialog: cold.
text: The bubble Courtney is blowing POPS against her face,
text: Perry rolls his eyes and GROANS, and Sandra pales.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Now, Perry...
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: How many times do we have to go
dialog: through this, Son? Your
dialog: grandmother is dead!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I know!
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Then why do you keep on talking to
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Because she talks back!
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: O-M-G, you are such a liar!
dialog: ParaNorman 4.
speaker_heading: 3 CONTINUED: (2) 3
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'm not making this up! I swear!
dialog: She talks to me all the time!
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Oh yeah? Prove it!
text: Norman levels her a look that says "you asked for this".
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: She said it's not very ladylike to
dialog: hide photos of the High School
text: quarterback with his shirt off in
dialog: your underwear drawer.
text: Sandra and Perry raise their eyebrows.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: I knew it! You've been sneaking
dialog: around in my personal stuff!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No I haven't! Grandma told me!
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: You are the worst!
text: Courtney, brimming with outrage, storms out of the
text: kitchen, her ponytail wagging furiously behind her.
text: Sandra kneels down beside Norman with a wearily
text: sympathetic smile.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Norman, I know you and Grandma
dialog: were very close, but we all have
dialog: to move on. Grandma's in a better
dialog: place now.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No she's not, she's in the living
dialog: room.
text: Perry throws his arms in the air, swaying on the chair.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Your grandmother was old and sick,
dialog: and she died. That's all there is
dialog: to it!
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Perry, this is just part of the
dialog: mourning process.
dialog: ParaNorman 5.
speaker_heading: 3 CONTINUED: (3) 3
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Stop indulging him! I'm nothing if
dialog: I'm not liberal, but that limp-
dialog: wristed, hippie garbage needs to
dialog: be nipped in the bud!
text: Norman SIGHS and steps between his parents as they argue.
text: He mutely heads out of the room.
dialog: 
dialog: 4 4
scene_heading: EXT. BABCOCK'S HOUSE, FRONT YARD - CONTINUOUS
text: The argument in the kitchen continues, slightly muted.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK (O.S.)
dialog: This behavior might be okay with
dialog: your side of the family, but I'm
dialog: not putting up with it anymore!
dialog: Not me!
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, not this again!
text: PAN UP to find a light go on in Norman's bedroom window.
dialog: 
dialog: 5 5
scene_heading: INT. BABCOCK'S HOUSE, NORMAN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Norman sits on his bed, using a couple of zombie action
dialog: figures to act out his parents' ongoing "discussion"
text: which carries upstairs.
text: Norman gets up off the bed and approaches the door.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: This isn't the West Coast, Sandra;
dialog: people talk! They do!
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK (O.S.)
dialog: He's just sensitive, Perry.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK (O.S.)
dialog: Oh please, "sensitive" is writing
dialog: poetry and being lousy at team
dialog: sports... not this! I won't have
dialog: him turn out like that uncle of
dialog: yours! If that crazy old tramp has
dialog: been around here putting ideas in
dialog: Norman's head...
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK (O.S.)
dialog: Perry, no one's had anything to do
dialog: with Uncle Prenderghast in years!
dialog: I bet he doesn't even know what
dialog: Norman looks like!
text: Norman quietly closes the door, and the room goes black.
dialog: ParaNorman 6.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 6 INT. MR PRENDERGHAST'S HOUSE, STUDY - NIGHT 6
text: CLOSE ON a faded photograph of Norman, held in the grimy
text: hand of MR PRENDERGHAST. He stands over a dusty desk
text: scattered with pictures of Norman, Sandra and older
text: family members. He is in a dark study; a wall-to-wall
text: trove of curious miscellanea and dumpster-dived junk.
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST
dialog: Not much time, not much time...
text: He pulls an old leather-bound book out from the mess, and
text: traces a finger over a woodcut illustration on its cover;
text: an ethereal woman lying beneath a cluster of stars.
text: Wincing with pain, the man drops the book and clutches at
text: his chest, COUGHING and GASPING horribly.
text: CAMERA PANS to a wall covered in countless photographs,
text: newspaper clippings and scrawled occult markings. It is a
text: shrine of sorts; a madman's recondite genealogy project,
text: and at its center is a photograph of Norman, posing with
text: his family on vacation.
text: ZOOM IN to the photograph, hurtling past the Babcocks and
text: through dense trees further and further into a dark
dialog: forest.
scene_heading: TITLE: PARANORMAN
dialog: 
dialog: 7 7
scene_heading: INT. BABCOCK'S HOUSE, NORMAN'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Norman opens bleary eyes, turns off his zombie hand alarm
text: clock, and slides out of bed.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 8 INT. BABCOCK'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - MORNING 8
text: Dressed for school, Norman pauses at the front door and
text: turns to look at the sofa in the living room. He waves
text: happily, and Grandma smiles back.
text: Courtney passes him as she comes down the stairs in the
text: opposite direction. She also stops to look at the sofa,
text: but to her eyes it is empty. She sneers contemptuously.
dialog: 
dialog: 9 9
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - MORNING
text: Norman ambles past houses and lawns spotted with small-
dialog: town America detritus; cheap plastic lawn furniture,
text: peeling-paint fences and cookie-cutter topiary. Here the
text: quaint colonial buildings are mostly in disrepair, their
text: picket fences rotten or daubed in graffiti.
dialog: ParaNorman 7.
speaker_heading: 9 CONTINUED: 9
text: Norman is watched dubiously by the occasional passer-by
text: as he shouts amiable greetings to people who simply
dialog: aren't there.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Good morning! Hey Bruce! How's it
dialog: goin'? Not much. I'm kind of late
dialog: for school. I need to go. Hi, nice
dialog: to see you guys. Good morning.
dialog: Sorry I gotta run. Excuse me.
dialog: Pardon me. See ya.
text: At one street corner, Norman bends over a gutter. He is
text: watched curiously by a man retrieving his morning paper
text: across the other side of the street.
text: MAN'S POV - Norman crouches over the flattened remains of
dialog: raccoon road kill.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey there little buddy! C'mere!
text: He realizes he is being stared at and slowly turns to
text: face the onlooker, then hurries away.
text: Though no one else sees them, to Norman's eyes, a whole
text: host of ghosts are meandering through the streets.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, good to see you! How you
dialog: doin'? Hi Mrs Hardman. You look
dialog: nice today. I like what you've
dialog: done with your hair.
scene_heading: HAIRDRYER GHOST
dialog: Does anyone smell burning?
speaker_heading: HIPPY GHOST
dialog: Hey, peace, man.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Totally.
speaker_heading: CIVIL WAR GHOST
dialog: As you were, soldier.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Sir, yes sir!
speaker_heading: GREASER GHOST
dialog: Yo Norman, you playin' hookie?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No no, I'm just late for school.
dialog: Sorry, I gotta go.
dialog: (to Mobster Ghost)
dialog: How you doin'?
dialog: ParaNorman 8.
speaker_heading: 9 CONTINUED: (2) 9
speaker_heading: MOBSTER GHOST
dialog: Hey, how you doin'?
text: A little further along Norman nods pleasantly to the
text: ghost of a parachutist impaled in the branches of a
text: roadside tree.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hi! How's it hanging?
scene_heading: PARACHUTIST GHOST
dialog: Ho ho! Haven't heard that one
dialog: before. Well, it's a nice day.
dialog: 
dialog: 11 11
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - MORNING
text: Its industrial days now rusted behind it, Blithe Hollow
text: has become a run-down tourist town, celebrating its
text: heritage with lame fetes and crass knick-knacks. A
text: massive billboard beside the main square reads "BLITHE
text: HOLLOW - A GREAT PLACE TO HANG!" illustrated by a group
text: of waving Puritans beside an equally cheerful witch
text: hanging from a gallows. Across the street a huge banner
dialog: suggests this year is particularly important for the
text: town; "BLITHE HOLLOW - 300 BEWITCHIN' YEARS!"
text: The town center is lacking in charm; its historical
text: buildings subsumed into a vulgar modern thoroughfare with
text: gaudy witch-themed shop fronts and cracked sidewalks.
text: Everywhere Norman walks, the witch theme is prevalent.
text: Cars have bumper stickers that extol such witticisms as
text: "MY OTHER CAR IS A BROOM". There's a dingy bar, the BAR
text: GENTO, and a greeting card store called BEST WITCHES.
text: Norman hurries past SHERIFF HOOPER, a heavyset black
text: woman, and DEPUTY DWAYNE, lanky and awkward and looking
dialog: like he'd rather be elsewhere.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF HOOPER
dialog: Watch and learn. "Parking
dialog: violation" is my middle name.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY DWAYNE
dialog: Really? I thought it was Rhona.
text: They glance up disdainfully as Norman passes by. Clearly
dialog: in this town Norman has something of a bad reputation.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12 EXT. SCHOOL ENTRANCE - MORNING 12
text: Norman walks up a tree lined path that leads to a squat
text: school building. Out front, the name "BLITHE HOLLOW
text: MIDDLE SCHOOL" is carved into an ugly hunk of granite.
dialog: ParaNorman 9.
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED: 12
text: SCHOOL KIDS line the path in front of Norman; a gauntlet
text: of jeering, merciless, pre-pubescent horror. Norman takes
text: a deep breath as he begins his daily walk of ridicule.
text: Most of the kids give him a wide berth, but others sneer
text: and WHISPER as he passes.
text: A bell RINGS the start of the school day, and everyone
text: makes a bee-line for the building.
text: Someone barges Norman with their shoulder, knocking his
text: backpack to the ground. Other kids SNICKER as they step
text: over him.
text: As the last of them head through the lobby doors, Norman
text: is left alone on the path.
text: Norman bends down to retrieve his spilled possessions,
text: and a dark shape beyond the gate catches his eye.
text: NORMAN'S POV - Mr Prenderghast, barely visible as he
text: stands within the shadow of a tree, stares back at him.
text: Norman frowns and squints his eyes, but now sees only
text: trees and shadows, so he continues up the steps.
dialog: 
dialog: 13 13
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY, LOCKERS - MORNING
text: An expanse of unevenly lacquered floor, scuffed by scores
text: of dragged heels. Rows of dented lockers line the walls.
text: Norman stands before his locker, across which someone has
text: daubed the word "FREAK" in marker. Clearly something of a
text: daily ritual, he reaches inside, takes out a bottle of
text: surface cleaner and a rag and proceeds to wipe it off.
text: Across the hallway, another kid is removing graffiti from
text: his locker. NEIL is overweight with frizzy red hair, and
text: is busily rubbing a handkerchief over the word "FATTY".
text: He watches Norman with interest.
text: A voice behind his shoulder gives Norman a start.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Hey, ghost jerk! You know what?
text: Norman turns to find textbook bully ALVIN, the only 6th
text: grader in his class who shaves, looming over him. He is
text: flanked by a couple of leering sycophants, one of whom
text: wears a T-shirt emblazoned with "TEAM ALVIN".
dialog: Norman SIGHS.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What do you want, Alvin?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Why don't you see some more
dialog: ghosts, goober?
dialog: ParaNorman 10.
speaker_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
text: The kids LAUGH uproariously, encouraging Alvin to show
dialog: off some more.
speaker_heading: ALVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! Hey! Norman!
text: Alvin points to a fly that has landed on the locker
text: beside him. He swats it flat with his hand.
speaker_heading: ALVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Talk to that.
text: The kids around Alvin burst into LAUGHTER.
speaker_heading: ALVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: That is so Alvin!
text: The bullies strut away, content in the psychological
dialog: damage they've managed to inflict.
speaker_heading: PUG
dialog: Loser!
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: That was good, right guys?
text: Norman mutters as they leave, but not loud enough so as
dialog: anyone might hear.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Flies don't talk.
text: Across the hall, Neil continues to watch with sympathy,
text: but he is already being hurried along by his friend
text: SALMA, a nerdy Indian kid with braces.
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: Neil, come on. Let's go.
dialog: 
dialog: 14 14
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL GYMNASIUM - DAY
text: Amidst stacked bleachers, foam mats and stray dodge
text: balls, a crudely constructed stage fills one end of the
text: gymnasium. Mediocre art class scenery represents a
text: colonial town, complete with plywood hills, chapel and
text: crescent moon dangling perilously from a basketball hoop.
text: In a director's chair far too small for the job is MRS
text: HENSCHER, an imposing woman with spectacles and beret who
text: looks like she smells of too-much perfume.
text: At the front of the stage wearing a pilgrim hat and
text: carrying a large scroll, is NORMAN. He is surrounded by
text: kids whose attempts at home made period costume leave a
dialog: lot to be desired.
dialog: ParaNorman 11.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: 14
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER
dialog: You stink of illiteracy!
speaker_heading: (A BEAT)
dialog: Pilgrims? The Mayflower? Don't any
dialog: of you know anything about the
dialog: history of this town?
text: Mrs Henscher tries her best to remain unfazed.
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Puritans were strict and devout
dialog: settlers, who came here to build a
dialog: home, a place without sin. What is
dialog: it now Salma?
text: Salma is holding her hand up. She looks like the Wicked
text: Witch of the West. Even beneath green makeup and plastic
text: warty nose, it is clear she is not best pleased.
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: Why is the witch always a hideous
text: old crone with a pointy hat and a
dialog: broomstick? I don't believe it's
dialog: historically accurate, Mrs
dialog: Henscher!
text: Mrs Henscher's knuckles clench white around her script.
text: She attempts an understanding smile, in the same way a
dialog: shark might.
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER
dialog: It's not supposed to be. It's
dialog: supposed to sell postcards and key
dialog: chains.
speaker_heading: (CLAPS HANDS)
dialog: So let's try it again. Top of page
dialog: six, Norman.
text: Norman skips ahead on his scroll.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: The founding fathers of Blithe
dialog: Hollow discovered an evil witch
dialog: amongst them...
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER
dialog: No no, Norman, with gusto! Like
dialog: this!
text: Waving her arms theatrically, she bellows Norman's lines,
text: milking every syllable for effect.
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: They put her on trial and hanged
dialog: her!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: ParaNorman 12.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: (2) 14
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: But the vengeful witch cursed her
dialog: accusers, seven of them in all, to
text: die a horrible and gruesome death,
text: and rise from their graves as the
dialog: living dead; their souls doomed to
dialog: an eternity of damnation!
speaker_heading: (A BEAT)
dialog: Now I want you to try that again,
dialog: but with conviction! My reputation
dialog: is at stake here, and I won't have
dialog: this turn out like that wretched
dialog: Kabuki debacle of oh-nine!
text: As she launches into her lecture, Norman notices a change
text: in the room. The lights dim, the wind outside picks up,
text: and indistinct shapes flicker at the corners of his eyes.
text: Norman glances around at the other kids on the stage, to
text: see if they are seeing what he is seeing. For a split
text: second the children are replaced with faded figures in
text: real Puritan dress. Seven solemn figures.
text: As he turns around nervously, Norman sees the suggestion
text: of another place fizzing in and out of the shadows...
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Norman! Are you listening to me,
dialog: boy?
text: Norman is brought back to the real world with a start,
text: and nods timidly from behind his scroll.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Sorry, Mrs Henscher.
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER
dialog: So am I. Now, unless there's any
dialog: other issues, let us resume...
dialog: They put her on trial and hanged
dialog: her!
text: Neil turns excitedly to Norman.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Ooh! This is my moment!
text: He shuffles toward Salma and swings his branch around,
text: not realizing Alvin has slung the hangman's noose around
text: Norman's neck.
text: Norman is yanked off balance and staggers into Neil who
text: keels over, rigid branch arms unable to stop his fall. He
text: lands on top of Salma, her kicking legs sticking out from
text: under him as though Dorothy's house had just landed on
dialog: stage.
text: The kids break into uncontrollable LAUGHTER.
dialog: ParaNorman 13.
scene_heading: 14 CONTINUED: (3) 14
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Boom, baby!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Sorry!
text: Mrs Henscher flings her script into the air, her face
text: beet red.
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER
dialog: Oh, you useless bunch of...
text: The school bell RINGS drowning out her howling voice.
dialog: 
dialog: 15 15
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY, LOCKERS - LATER
text: As kids hotfoot it out of the building as quickly as
text: possible, Norman stands pitiably in front of his locker.
text: Fresh graffiti reads "SEE YOU TOMORROW, FREAK".
text: Norman heads for the door, and pretends not to hear when
text: Neil shouts out behind him.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Norman, wait up!
dialog: 
dialog: 16 16
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - LATER
text: Norman keeps going, but Neil quickly catches up, beaming
text: intently at the side of his head.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I keep telling you, Neil. I like
dialog: to be alone.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: So do I. Let's do it together!
dialog: You shouldn't let them get you
dialog: down. They always do stuff like
dialog: that to me.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Because I'm fat. And my allergies
dialog: make my eyes leak. And I sweat
dialog: when I walk too fast. And I have a
text: lunchbox with a kitten on it. And
dialog: I have Irritable Bowel Syndrome. I
dialog: guess there's a whole bunch of
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Doesn't it bother you?
dialog: ParaNorman 14.
scene_heading: 16 CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Nah. You can't stop bullying, it's
dialog: part of human nature. If you were
dialog: bigger and more stupid, you'd
dialog: probably be a bully too. It's
dialog: called "survival of the thickest".
dialog: 
dialog: 17 17
scene_heading: EXT. URBAN STREET - DAY
text: Norman and Neil walk away from the school along a tree
text: lined street at the end of which stands a huge
text: commemorative statue. It is a grotesque effigy of the
dialog: evil witch from the local legend.
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST (O.S.)
speaker_heading: Psssst!
text: The boys stop. It seems to be coming from the witch.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: That statue just "pissst" at us!
text: Wild-eyed Mr Prenderghast suddenly leaps in front of
text: them, startling them as he staggers closer.
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST
dialog: You know who I am?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: The weird stinky old bum who lives
dialog: up the hill?
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST
dialog: (points to Norman)
dialog: I was asking him.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes. I know. I was told not to
dialog: talk to you. Sorry.
text: Mr Prenderghast steps in front of Neil, leaning closer to
text: Norman and whispering conspiratorially.
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST
dialog: And you know why you're not
dialog: supposed to talk to me?
text: Norman tries to back away.
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST (CONT'D)
dialog: I can see ghosts too! And I know
dialog: that's not all you've been seeing
dialog: lately, is it? Bad omens? Things
dialog: you can't quite explain? Strange
text: faces peering through the veil?
text: Norman's eyes widen further.
dialog: ParaNorman 15.
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST (CONT'D)
dialog: And I'll bet no one told you about
dialog: the witch's curse, did they?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Actually, we're learning about it
dialog: in school..?
speaker_heading: NEIL
speaker_heading: (BEAMING PROUDLY)
dialog: I'm a tree!
text: Mr Prenderghast impatiently turns his back on Neil and
text: leans close to Norman.
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST
dialog: There's something you really need
dialog: to know! This is the most
dialog: important thing you will ever
dialog: hear! The fate of everyone depends
dialog: on it! Now listen close... The
dialog: witch's curse is real, and you're
dialog: the one who has to stop it!
text: Mr Prenderghast grabs Norman's arm and leans closer.
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST (CONT'D)
dialog: You've gotta use your gift of
dialog: talking to the dead!
text: He breaks into a HACKING COUGH, face turning beet red and
text: bloodshot eyes bulging.
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST (CONT'D)
dialog: Because if you don't the witch's
dialog: ghost...
speaker_heading: (COUGHING)
dialog: And this is the most important
dialog: thing of all... You have to go up
dialog: to the old graveyard and...
speaker_heading: NEIL (O.S.)
dialog: Leave him alone!
text: An apple bounces off Mr Prenderghast's head. He turns to
text: find Neil standing behind them on the path, lunchbox open
text: in his hand providing leftover low-carb ammunition.
speaker_heading: NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't make me throw this hummus!
dialog: It's spicy!
text: Mr Prenderghast thinks better of it and turns to flee the
text: scene. He HISSES out of the side of his mouth at Norman.
dialog: ParaNorman 16.
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: (2) 17
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST
dialog: This ain't done with! You'll see
dialog: it soon enough! Watch for the
dialog: sign!
text: As he hobbles away, Neil peers down the street after the
dialog: old man.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Jeez, what a dirty old creep!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He's my uncle.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: So is it true?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What?
text: Norman just stares at him.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Can you see ghosts? Like,
dialog: everywhere? All the time?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Uh, yeah?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Awesome! Do you think you can see
dialog: my dog Bub? He was run over by an
text: animal rescue van. Tragic and
dialog: ironic. We buried him in the yard.
dialog: Could you see him?
text: Norman frowns disbelievingly, completely taken aback.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Sweet! Come on!
dialog: 
dialog: 20 20
scene_heading: EXT. NEIL'S DRIVEWAY
text: Neil forcibly drags Norman up the front driveway of a
text: pastel-painted house. A pair of legs spotted in oil stick
text: out from beneath a pimped-up camper van.
text: Neil's brother MITCH calls out from under the van.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Neil? That you?
dialog: ParaNorman 17.
speaker_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Hey Mitch! We're gonna go play
text: with the dead dog in the garden
dialog: and we're not even gonna have to
dialog: dig him up first!
text: Mitch sits up. He's a strapping six-foot jock with
text: tattooed biceps. The kind of guy who wears year-round
text: flip-flops.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: What'd you say?
text: Mitch pulls his brother aside so as to exclude Norman,
text: who stands awkwardly a little way away, surrounded by
text: cheery lawn ornaments and ineptly manicured topiary.
speaker_heading: MITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Neil, isn't he that weird kid?
dialog: Y'know, "Look at me, I talk to
dialog: ghosts so people will pay
dialog: attention to me."
text: Mitch makes a goofy face and twitches farcically.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Can you stop doing that? It's
dialog: kinda stupid.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Now listen to me, you don't need
dialog: to be hanging out with weird
dialog: people. That's a tip.
text: Neil scowls at his brother.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Don't blow this for me, Mitch.
dialog: This one's not weird. He talks to
dialog: dead people.
text: Neil has had enough and defiantly walks away from his
dialog: brother.
dialog: 
dialog: 21 21
scene_heading: EXT. NEIL'S GARDEN - LATER
text: Neil rummages around in the bushes of his back yard,
text: surrounded by a gloriously tasteless menagerie of lawn
text: ornaments. Norman stands slightly to one side surveying
text: the rows of plastic gnomes and wondering if he should
dialog: have gone straight home after all.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: He's around here somewhere...
speaker_heading: (A BEAT)
dialog: So does everyone come back as a
dialog: ghost?
dialog: ParaNorman 18.
scene_heading: 21 CONTINUED: 21
text: Norman hesitates. This level of interest is new to him.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No. My grandma told me it's
dialog: usually people who still have
dialog: stuff to figure out. Or sometimes
dialog: it's the ones who died suddenly,
dialog: or in a bad way.
text: A BARK, and Norman turns to see a translucent puppy
text: wagging its tail cheerfully, despite being chopped neatly
text: into two halves.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Bub?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Is he there? How's he look?
text: Bub BARKS, then his front half notices his tail and runs
text: behind to sniff his own backside.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Uh... good.
text: Bub bounds over to Neil, runs clean through his chubby
text: calves, then doubles back for another try.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: He's happy to see you.
speaker_heading: NEIL
speaker_heading: ("DOGGY" VOICE)
dialog: Who's a good boy, huh? Good boy!
speaker_heading: (TO NORMAN)
dialog: Can he feel it if I pet him?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yeah, I guess.
text: Neil bends over and kisses the air by his ankles, making
text: a "coochy-coo" face.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh... that's not his chin.
text: Neil stops mid-smooch, and quickly stands up.
text: Norman watches as Neil picks up a stick and waves it in
text: front of Bub's nose, even though he can't see him.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Go get it!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He can't fetch it, y'know.
dialog: ParaNorman 19.
scene_heading: 21 CONTINUED: (2) 21
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Yeah well, it's still fun. Good
dialog: boy! Bring it back! Go get it,
dialog: Bub! Good boy!
text: CLOSE ON Norman as he watches Neil toss the stick back
text: and forth across the garden. The stick lands near his
text: feet and he bends down to pick it up.
speaker_heading: NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don't you try?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: `Cos I don't really, uh... You can
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: No, no, it's fun! Try it!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No I don't want to.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: You throw it. It's really easy.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No it's okay. You can throw it.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: No, c'mon, it's really fun.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Here. You go first.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: No, you try it. I already went
dialog: like fifty times.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Okay, what do I do?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: You get the stick, you pull it
dialog: back, and you throw it!
dialog: 
text: Norman throws it and accidentally hits Neil in the head,
text: knocking him over.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Neil? Sorry!
text: As Norman runs over to him, Neil lies on his back
text: GIGGLING, the stick held between his teeth.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I fetched it!
dialog: ParaNorman 20.
scene_heading: 21 CONTINUED: (3) 21
text: CLOSE ON NORMAN, as a smile creeps across his face and he
text: starts to LAUGH.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Are you okay?
text: CUT WIDE as the two kids enjoy their play, the sun above
text: them breaking through the clouds in a bright blue sky.
dialog: 
dialog: 28 28
scene_heading: INT. MR PRENDERGHAST'S HOUSE, STUDY - NIGHT
text: PANTING and WHEEZING, Mr Prenderghast staggers into his
text: study, SLAMS the door behind him and heads for his desk.
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST
dialog: I'll show him, and that scary
dialog: little fat kid...
text: He shakily rummages around the collected papers and
text: trinkets, and pulls out the leather bound book, all the
text: time GRUMBLING crazily.
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST (CONT'D)
dialog: Doesn't he realize we're running
dialog: out of t...
text: With a strangled CROAK he clutches dizzily at his chest,
text: then keels over backwards, stiffly hitting the floor with
text: a THUMP.
text: Silence, then, a stream of spectral orbs sputter out of
text: him, sculpting his shape in the air.
text: With a GASP, Mr Prenderghast's corpse sucks the spirit
text: back in, and he staggers back to his feet.
speaker_heading: MR PRENDERGHAST (CONT'D)
dialog: No! Not yet! Not yet!
text: He CROAKS again, this time for real, CRASHING back down
text: onto the ground.
text: The ghostly shape re-emerges from the body.
text: He blinks his eyes, looking around as if he's just been
text: woken from a deep sleep, then down at the defunct body
text: lying at his feet.
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: Aw, nuts.
dialog: ParaNorman 21.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 29 EXT. SCHOOL - NIGHT 29
text: Lit by spotlights, a large banner over the entrance
text: reads, "THE WITCH'S CURSE - presented by BLITHE HOLLOW
scene_heading: MIDDLE SCHOOL DRAMA SOCIETY - written, produced and
text: directed for the stage by Margot Henscher".
text: A notice beneath it reads "SPELLING BEE - NEXT WENSDAY".
text: A chorus of kids' voices can be heard SINGING from
text: inside, belting out an operatic rendition of Donovan's
dialog: "Season of the Witch".
dialog: 
dialog: 30 30
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL GYMNASIUM - SAME
text: Rows of plastic chairs in front of the spotlit stage are
text: occupied by expectant families. Among the sea of faintly
text: buzzing video cameras, and a ripple of APPLAUSE, Sandra
text: politely smiles at the acting talents of other peoples'
text: children. Next to her, Perry struggles to fit a battery
text: into his camera.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Great, now we'll never get to
dialog: remember this moment.
text: ANGLE ON STAGE as Salma, in full witch get-up, waves her
text: hands theatrically at the other children.
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: I curse you accusers to die a
text: horrible and gruesome death and
dialog: rise from your graves as the
dialog: living dead; your souls doomed to
dialog: an eternity of damnation!
text: The Pilgrims who aren't dying and rising from the dead
text: begin to menace Salma with their farming implements, and
text: begin a slow ominous chant.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Kill the witch! Kill the witch!
text: Sandra nudges her husband and cheerily points toward the
dialog: stage.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Gosh, aren't they adorable?
text: Norman hears a HOOTING sound from above. An owl with big
text: glowing eyes wheels down over the audience from the beams
text: of the gymnasium.
text: Norman glances around, wondering why no one else seems to
text: notice as it glides low and alights in the papier mache
text: branches on Neil's head. It turns to Norman and HOOTS.
dialog: ParaNorman 22.
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
text: He looks down from it and catches Neil's eye. Neil makes
text: a puzzled expression.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Kill the witch! Kill the witch!
text: The chanting seems to deepen and slur and the air grows
text: dark and thick. The shapes of the audience and the kids
text: beside him swim around, blurring like a finger pulled
text: through oil paint. The ceiling disintegrates into clouds,
text: which CRACKLE with lightning.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Oh no! Not again!
text: All around trees have sprouted out of nowhere, and
text: through the darkness in the distance are occasional
dialog: lights of small houses. This might be how this very spot
dialog: looked three centuries ago.
dialog: 
dialog: 31 31
scene_heading: EXT. OLD FOREST - NIGHT
text: As Norman turns on the spot GASPING, he hears a RUSTLE in
text: the bushes behind him and spots several dark and ominous
text: figures in Pilgrim clothing scouring the undergrowth.
speaker_heading: PURITAN
dialog: Witch! We know you're out there!
text: Norman stands on a twig which, naturally, CRACKS loudly,
text: and the figure turns around and points at him.
speaker_heading: PURITAN (CONT'D)
dialog: There!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: PURITAN
dialog: Witch.
text: More figures emerge from out of the darkness, wielding
text: hayforks. They SHOUT threateningly and, as one man, surge
text: toward him. Norman turns and runs.
text: The trees around him are shifting, but there's no wind
text: blowing the branches. Limbs GROAN as they twist, bearing
text: down on him like ragged talons trying to stop his escape.
text: Soon he can run no further, the way ahead tangled up into
text: a wall of thorny fingers.
dialog: ParaNorman 23.
speaker_heading: 31 CONTINUED: 31
text: Norman finds himself pushed up against the trunk of a
text: huge tree, and a knothole grimaces at him, wood splitting
text: open into a hag-like mouth. It furrows a mossy brow and
text: speaks in a low rumbling voice.
speaker_heading: TREE
dialog: The dead are coming!
text: Norman GASPS and tries to push himself away, but the
text: pursuing figures are drawing closer, and there's no
dialog: escape.
text: A familiar voice whispers out of nowhere.
speaker_heading: NEIL (O.S.)
dialog: Hey buddy! Are you okay?
text: Norman turns around to find the knothole is now Neil's
text: face, bulging out of the side of the tree with a look of
text: concern. This is the last straw, and Norman SCREAMS.
dialog: 
dialog: 32 32
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL GYMNASIUM - NIGHT
text: Norman stands next to Neil on stage, eyes closed and
text: WAILING. Everyone around him stares in stunned silence
text: as, still SCREAMING, he runs into the spotlight.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: THE DEAD ARE COMING!
text: He continues running directly off the edge of the stage
text: and lands on the floor with a THUMP.
text: For a moment no one knows quite how to react. Mrs
text: Henscher quizzically checks her script.
text: Norman's eyes focus and he sees everyone standing around
text: him, staring. Sandra pushes through the crowd.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Norman!
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Did he say the dead are coming?
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
speaker_heading: (NERVOUS LAUGHING)
dialog: No, no, no!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: YES!
text: Everyone jumps as Norman abruptly sits up, eyes wild.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: The tree told me!
dialog: ParaNorman 24.
scene_heading: 32 CONTINUED: 32
text: Perry's face drains of color while the other parents
text: MURMUR and MUTTER, crowd speak for "what a weirdo".
text: Norman sees their expressions of disgust and suspicion.
text: Worst of all, peering around parents' legs with a look of
text: shock and fear is Neil. Norman catches his eye a moment,
text: and Neil looks down at the ground.
dialog: 
dialog: 33 33
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - LATER
text: Barely keeping his fury in check, Perry drives home,
text: Norman sitting despondently in the back seat.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: This is where it stops! It's one
dialog: thing being a mental case in front
dialog: of your family, but not the whole
dialog: freaking town! There's not gonna
dialog: be any more talking to ghosts, or
dialog: grandmas, or, or... what is it
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: I think it's trees.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: You're grounded! You hear me?
text: Perry pulls the car up in the Babcock's drive and gruffly
text: climbs out of the car.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: This is ridiculous. I wish
dialog: everyone could see what I see! I
dialog: didn't ask to be born this way!
text: Perry mutters as he slams his door shut.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Funny, neither did we.
text: Norman catches the remark and feels it hard in his gut.
text: His mother hears it too, and leans over her seat with a
text: look of sympathy.
text: A beat as she sees the pain in her son's face.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Y'know, sometimes people say
dialog: things that seem mean, but they do
dialog: it because they're afraid.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He's my dad. He shouldn't be
dialog: afraid of me.
dialog: ParaNorman 25.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
text: Sandra's eyes are filled with sorrow.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: He's not afraid of you. He's
dialog: afraid for you.
text: Sadly, Norman climbs out of the car.
dialog: 
dialog: 35 35
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - AFTERNOON
text: Ominous clouds roll long shadows over the school
dialog: building.
text: Norman stands at the bottom of the school steps, trying
text: to prepare himself for what he knows is going to be a bad
text: day. He steels himself, and SIGHS.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 35A 35A
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Norman walks the familiar gauntlet of school kids, only
text: this time the abuse is tenfold.
speaker_heading: KID #1
dialog: Look! It's AbNorman!
speaker_heading: KID #2
dialog: What'd the tree tell you today,
dialog: Norman?
speaker_heading: KID #3
dialog: Are the dead coming soon, Norman?
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 36 36
text: An overhead bulb casts a dim light over chipped wall
text: tiles and yellowed ceramic sinks with leaky faucets.
text: The door opens and Norman hurries inside, a number of
text: voices still SHOUTING behind him. He shuts the door,
text: cutting them off, and leans against it, taking a breath.
text: He heads over to the first stall. The door is locked, so
text: he takes the next one.
text: CLOSE ON Alvin, sitting on the toilet in the next stall
text: scribbling obscenities on the wall to pass the time. He
text: pauses as he hears the lid drop next door, then resumes
text: his vandalism.
text: Norman sits on the lid of the toilet, pulling his knees
text: up under his chin feeling sorry for himself.
dialog: ParaNorman 26.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: 36
text: ANGLE ON toilet paper in an industrial-sized roll. It
text: jitters on its mount and begins to turn slowly on its
text: own, unspooling sheet by sheet toward the floor. Norman
text: frowns and watches as it stops unravelling and a draught
text: of wind blows out of nowhere, ruffling his hair.
text: The toilet roll suddenly spins violently, flinging the
text: paper into the air in reams. The screws holding the
text: dispenser to the wall RATTLE fiercely.
text: The toilet underneath Norman begins to shake and shudder,
text: spilling water over the floor. Norman WAILS loudly as he
text: jumps onto the back of the cistern.
text: Alvin is frozen in place in his stall, hearing the noises
text: and really not sure how to react to them. He glances down
text: and sees toilet water leaking across the tiles.
text: He quickly pulls up his pants to cover his dignity, and
text: jumps up off the toilet with a SQUEAL.
text: In Norman's stall everything stops dead and the lid of
text: the toilet slowly CREAKS open.
text: Norman GASPS as Mr Prenderghast's face stares up at him
text: out of the toilet bowl. With some effort the old man's
text: ghost shimmies out of the toilet, eventually POPPING out
text: like a cork from a bottle, hovering in the air in front
text: of Norman's face.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You died?!
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: Yeah, but I got unfinished
dialog: business here!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Ew! Couldn't you use another
dialog: stall?
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: My ghost isn't going anywhere
dialog: until I pass on my duty to
dialog: another! And that would be you!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Me? No, you must have it wrong!
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: Oh it's you all right! I've been
dialog: holding back the witch's curse for
dialog: years, but now I'm dead. It has to
dialog: be you!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But I... I don't know what any of
dialog: it means!
dialog: ParaNorman 27.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: (2) 36
text: Before Norman's eyes the bathroom stall and everything
text: beyond it is ripped away, revealing thick undergrowth and
text: tall trees. Norman is suddenly sat on the toilet in the
text: middle of a forest.
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: It means the past is coming back
dialog: to haunt you! Time is running out!
dialog: The anniversary of the witch's
text: death is tonight. Her ghost is
dialog: going to wake up, and when she
dialog: does she'll raise the dead! You
dialog: gotta keep her in her grave!
text: The toilet paper on the ground twists up beneath Norman's
text: feet, sculpting skull faces and clutching hands that
text: reach for him as he shrinks back.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But I'm just a kid! How am I
dialog: supposed to stop it?
text: In an instant the air and trees around him are eaten
text: away, the school bathroom reappearing through the holes.
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: Read from the book at the spot the
dialog: witch was buried!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What book?
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: The one in my hands!
text: Norman looks at the ghost's wispy hands.
speaker_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST (CONT'D)
dialog: Not these hands, my other hands!
dialog: The me that's at home in my study
dialog: starting to smell a little funny!
text: Norman looks sick and overwhelmed, but the ghost doesn't
text: let up, swirling right up to his face.
speaker_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST (CONT'D)
dialog: Get the book and read from it!
dialog: Before the sun sets tonight!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But this is crazy!
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: Do I look crazy to you?
text: Norman pauses a beat. Mr Prenderghast is floating upside
text: down, various bits of bathroom detritus orbiting around
text: him. A piece of toilet paper dangles off his nose.
dialog: ParaNorman 28.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: (3) 36
speaker_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me you'll do this!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I... I...
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: Swear!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Y-you mean like the "f" word?
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: I mean promise!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Okay, okay, I promise...
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: That'll do!
text: Mr Prenderghast's ghost begins to disappear, bubbling and
text: melting at the edges like a burning photograph.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No! Mr Prenderghast, wait!
text: Alvin, hearing only Norman's voice, gingerly peeks around
text: the corner of his stall.
scene_heading: PRENDERGHAST GHOST
dialog: Sorry kid, I'm done here! I'm
dialog: free! I'm finally free!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Wait! No, you can't leave now!
dialog: Please! I don't understand.
text: Mr Prenderghast hangs in the air a moment, face scrunched
text: up as he awaits his release, CACKLING crazily.
text: The ghost explodes into a million particles of light,
text: blowing open the stall door and catapulting Alvin
text: backwards across the room. The mirrors behind him crack
text: and the light bulb shatters.
text: From the floor, Alvin groggily looks up and sees Norman
text: framed in the stall with the door hanging off its hinges.
text: He reaches over and flushes the toilet.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh... yeah. You might want to give
dialog: that a few minutes.
text: He grabs his bag and runs out of the room.
dialog: ParaNorman 29.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 40 INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY, LOCKERS - CONTINUOUS 40
text: Norman sprints madly for the main doors, passing Neil and
text: Salma who glance up from their lockers as he stumbles by.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Norman?
text: Alvin tears around the corner in pursuit, but Neil stands
text: in his way, waving his arms indignantly.
speaker_heading: NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! What's the big deal?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Don't get your bra in a twist, fat
dialog: boy, this has nothing to do with
dialog: you! Keep out of my way!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Or what?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Or I'll punch you in the boobs!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I don't have boobs. These are
dialog: pectorals!
text: Alvin jabs him in the chest.
speaker_heading: NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Ow! My boobs!
text: Neil swiftly steps aside.
text: Alvin reaches the door to see Norman disappearing along
text: the path as fast as he can. Alvin YELLS after him.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: You're dead, freakshow! Do you
dialog: hear me? D-E-D! DEAD! You're gonna
dialog: be so dead you're gonna have to
dialog: talk to yourself when you're dead!
dialog: 
dialog: 41 41
scene_heading: INT. BABCOCK'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - EARLY EVENING
text: Wearing her fanciest dress, Sandra bustles out of the
text: kitchen to the front door.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: I really don't think we should be
text: leaving him.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Perry, you promised me a meal that
text: someone else microwaved.
dialog: ParaNorman 30.
speaker_heading: 41 CONTINUED: 41
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: He's probably up there right now
text: fiddling with his ouija, or his
dialog: orbs, or whatever it is he's got
dialog: up there. This is not good.
dialog: 
dialog: 42 42
scene_heading: INT. BABCOCK'S HOUSE, NORMAN'S BEDROOM - EARLY EVENING
text: Norman paces his room looking pale and anxious as he
text: hears the front door shut downstairs. Everywhere he turns
text: he finds himself face to face with some zombie related
text: novelty, from his lurid horror posters to his shelves of
text: ghoulish action figures, and it's not doing anything for
dialog: his nerves.
text: His cell phone BEEPS from his pocket, giving him a start.
text: He takes it out and reads a text; "COME TO THE WINDOW".
text: Norman cautiously walks over and peers around the edge of
text: the window frame.
text: A figure stands motionless in the yard below, sheets of
text: laundry billowing off the clothes line beside it. It
text: stares up at Norman through the blank eye holes of a
dialog: hockey mask.
text: Norman GASPS and jumps back.
text: With a frown, he re-emerges and opens the window.
text: The figure lifts the mask, and Neil beams out from
text: underneath, waving excitedly.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: You wanna play some hockey?
dialog: Norman SIGHS.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I've kinda got other things on my
dialog: mind right now.
text: Neil looks a little uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Is it all that walking dead stuff
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Mr Prenderghast appeared to me in
dialog: the bathroom!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Ew.
dialog: ParaNorman 31.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No, his spirit! He says the
dialog: witch's curse is real and I have
dialog: to go up to the old graveyard to
dialog: stop it! Before the sun sets
dialog: tonight!
text: Neil shifts uneasily as he processes.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: So you wanna come play a bit
dialog: later?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Didn't you hear what I just said?!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Yeah, but I thought my idea was
dialog: less likely to get us eaten.
text: Norman knows he's on his own in this.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Just go home, Neil. I'm better off
dialog: on my own anyway.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Go home!
text: Norman reaches up and closes the window. Neil's shoulders
text: sag and he turns away.
text: Across the room, his Grandma materializes, and squints
text: her eyes through the window as Neil awkwardly pulls
text: himself over the garden fence.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA BABCOCK
dialog: Jeez, who rattled your chains?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No one.
text: Norman isn't in the mood for any more discussion.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad says I'm not supposed to talk
dialog: to you any more, Grandma.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA BABCOCK
dialog: Jackass. If I were a poltergeist
dialog: I'd throw something at his head.
dialog: Y'know, by rights I'm supposed to
dialog: be frolicking in paradise with
dialog: your grandfather, but I'm not.
dialog: ParaNorman 32.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: (2) 42
text: Norman looks up as she drifts closer to the bed.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: So why did you stay?
speaker_heading: GRANDMA BABCOCK
dialog: I was never one for frolicking.
dialog: I'll bet there's no cable or
dialog: canasta up there either. Besides,
dialog: I promised I'd always look out for
dialog: you.
text: She smiles, floating in a sitting position at the end of
text: Norman's bed. She bobs gently, like a balloon. For a
text: second, this seems to comfort Norman, but then another
text: thought crosses his mind.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: So it's your... duty?
speaker_heading: GRANDMA BABCOCK
dialog: In a manner of speaking...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: And you'd do it no matter what?
speaker_heading: GRANDMA BABCOCK
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Even if it was something really
dialog: scary...
text: Grandma eyes him curiously.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA BABCOCK
dialog: There's nothing wrong with being
dialog: scared Norman, so long as you
dialog: don't let it change who you are.
text: Norman thinks this over, then smiles up at her again. She
text: goes to rub his head affectionately, but her ghost hand
text: just passes right through his spiky hair.
text: She gives him a wink, and drifts away through the wall.
text: He is still scared, but now determined too. He steels
text: himself and grabs his jacket from his bed.
dialog: 
dialog: 43 43
scene_heading: INT. BABCOCK'S HOUSE, COURTNEY'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The tiny room is crammed full of posters, pom-poms, plush
text: toys and plastic trophies. Pretty much everything is
text: pink. Courtney sits talking on her phone, cotton buds
text: between her toes as her painted nails dry.
dialog: ParaNorman 33.
speaker_heading: 43 CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: So I said to her, "Girl, come back
dialog: and talk to me when your basket
dialog: toss gets twelve thousand hits on
dialog: YouTube!" Yeah, no, I said that.
dialog: (listens and nods)
dialog: Yeah, I'm stuck on lame patrol.
dialog: Tonight's gonna be a total yawn.
text: From downstairs, a door SLAMS. Courtney frowns, puts her
text: hand over the phone and shouts out.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Norman?!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 44 44
scene_heading: EXT. BABCOCK'S HOUSE, FRONT YARD - MOMENTS LATER
text: Beneath a florid evening sky, the Babcock's drive is in
text: darkness. Pedalling furiously, Norman rides his bike out
text: of the shadows into the light of the street.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY (O.S.)
dialog: You better not be sneaking out you
dialog: little weirdo!
dialog: 
dialog: 45 45
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: On a street corner two teenage girls approach Alvin and
text: Pug, who have laid out a breakdancing mat and a beatbox
text: and are doing their best to impress. Alvin imagines he is
text: wowing the girls with his krumping, his ham-like limbs
text: flying around and Pug hollering support, but in truth
text: they watch in morbid fascination.
text: A faint CLATTERING sound down the road grows louder.
text: Norman suddenly THUNDERS past them on his bike, spinning
text: Alvin on the spot and knocking him onto his butt.
text: Show over, Alvin blunders to his feet, his eyes following
text: Norman's trajectory up the dark road, and GROWLS.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 46 EXT. WOODED LANE, MR PRENDERGHAST'S HOUSE - EARLY EVENING 46
text: Tall conifers rise up high on either side of the road,
text: now little more than a dirt track. Norman pedals up the
text: hill and swerves, skidding to a stop in the gravel.
text: He climbs off the bike, eyes fixed on a ramshackle house
text: partially hidden in the foliage, its porch door swinging
text: and CREAKING eerily in the breeze.
text: He cautiously advances past a crooked mailbox on which is
text: written "PRENDERGHAST", and steps onto the wooden porch.
dialog: ParaNorman 34.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 47 INT. MR PRENDERGHAST'S HOUSE, HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 47
text: The fading light of day spills across the floorboards and
text: faded wallpaper of a long passage.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hello? Mr Prenderghast?
text: Motes of dust float around Norman as he moves slowly
text: toward a door, slightly ajar, muttering to himself.
text: He quietly makes his way past all manner of objects that
dialog: epitomize the state of Mr Prenderghast's mind; a
text: mannequin in a shopping cart, a pile of broken
text: typewriters, a suspended bag of spoons, a closet full of
text: identically soiled hobo suits, a Nordic track...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 48 48
scene_heading: INT. PRENDERGHAST'S HOUSE, STUDY - CONTINUOUS
text: The study is filled with teetering piles of junk and old
text: furniture draped over in dust sheets. A crucifix hangs
text: over a metal cot with rumpled bedding. This is evidently
text: where the old man lived his whole life. Starlight from a
text: window picks out a macabre halo on a shape on the floor:
text: Mr Prenderghast, dead where he fell, tightly clutching a
text: leather-bound book.
text: CLOSE ON Norman's face as he swallows nervously and steps
text: closer to the body. He gingerly takes hold of the book
text: and gives a gentle tug. It holds fast in the rigor mortis
text: grasp. He tugs harder, shaking the book repeatedly, the
text: corpse shaking with it.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Let go!
text: Norman spends several strenuous moments dragging the body
text: across the floorboards, Mr Prenderghast's head glancing
text: off table legs and smacking repeatedly against the
text: floorboards, as Norman tries to wrestle the book free.
text: With a final yank the book pulls loose and, GASPING,
text: Norman grips the book to his chest and runs to the door.
dialog: 
dialog: 49 49
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED LANE, MR PRENDERGHAST'S HOUSE - SAME
text: Norman careens through the door, leaps off the porch and
text: sprints along the wooded lane up the hill, watched by
text: Alvin, concealed behind some bushes.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 50 50
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED HILLTOP, OLD CHAPEL GRAVEYARD - LATER
text: Norman emerges from the woods, his long shadow preceding
text: him as the sun begins its descent behind the tall trees.
dialog: ParaNorman 35.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: 50
text: He pauses and stares out across weathered tombstones
text: poking out amidst tangles of thorns.
text: Clutching the book tight, Norman wrenches open the heavy
text: gate, its rusted padlock crumbling apart.
text: Eventually the track runs up to a stone slab surrounded
text: on either side by thick bramble. Norman brushes aside
text: vines and reads an epitaph engraved into the stone;
text: "HERE LIES BURIED THE SEVEN VICTIMS OF THE BLITHE HOLLOW
scene_heading: CURSE. MAY YOUR SOULS FIND EVENTUAL AND EVERLASTING
scene_heading: SALVATION. 1712."
text: Norman pushes through the thick bushes into a secluded
text: plot of land behind the slab with seven gravestones
text: sticking out from the undergrowth.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: This is it!
text: The sun continues its descent, casting an ever
text: lengthening shadow of treetops across the graveyard.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Read from the book, stop the
dialog: curse, go home and pretend this
dialog: never happened.
text: Norman steels himself, opens the book and starts to read.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: "Once upon a time, in a far-off
dialog: land there lived a king and queen
dialog: in a magnificent castle..."
text: He pauses, confused by what he's reading.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What? A fairy... tale...?
text: A hand reaches over his shoulder from nowhere, whipping
text: the book out of his grasp. He spins around to find Alvin
text: standing behind him.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: What ya got there, Geekula?
text: Norman launches himself at the book, but Alvin holds him
text: back at arm's length.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Give it back!
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Can't wait to see everybody's
dialog: faces when they hear about this
dialog: one!
dialog: ParaNorman 36.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: (2) 50
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No, don't! Alvin!
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Hey! Nobody makes me miss out on a
dialog: possible date with a girl that
dialog: almost had some interest in
dialog: talking to me. Yeah? Thought so!
dialog: You got nothin' to say!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Uh-oh.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Dang straight "uh-oh". That's what
dialog: happens when Alvin gets around
dialog: here. Uh-oh is that Alvin? Uh-oh
dialog: Alvin's gonna make me run home to
dialog: mommy.
text: As Norman twists and wrestles against the bully the
text: turbulent clouds in the sky above them twist and coalesce
text: into the vague semblance of a huge grinning face. The
text: face of a witch.
text: There is an enormous RUMBLE and a flash of lightning
text: silhouettes the boys.
speaker_heading: ALVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh-oh. What is that?
text: The wind has picked up, HOWLING through the gravestones.
text: Norman looks at the face leering out of the clouds.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It's her!
text: Another violent CRACK of thunder and flash of light, and
text: the wind instantly cuts out. The boys stand stock still.
text: Reaching down like a colossal arm, a great plume of cloud
text: spirals over the cemetery, enveloping the tumbledown
text: chapel and seeping around the gravestones. Fingers of
text: murky fog slither across the ground, occasionally pausing
text: and hanging in the air as though sniffing it. There is
text: something eerily playful in the movement of the tendrils.
text: The boys are jolted as an awful high pitched SCREAM blows
text: through the graveyard like a shockwave, pulsing through
text: the fog like a heartbeat.
text: Norman and Alvin cover their ears and cower as the fog
text: suddenly rears up like a claw and fiercely gouges into
text: the earth in front of the boys.
dialog: ParaNorman 37.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: (3) 50
text: Silence, then the ground begins to RUMBLE beneath their
text: feet and ripples beneath the tombstones. Stone slabs
text: GRIND and shift. One CRACKS right through the center.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: What's that sound?
text: Norman watches, horrified, as the wet earth atop one of
text: the graves splits and a skeletal hand bursts through!
text: Norman watches as more graves bulge and break open and
text: mud-encrusted shapes begin to emerge through the earth.
text: The air is filled with anguished MOANING, the glowing fog
text: dancing and whirling about the hatching figures.
text: The two boys are rooted to the spot, mouths hanging open.
text: CLOSE ON one of the figures crawling out of the ground
text: into a patch of moonlight. Ragged and rotten it wears the
text: mud-encrusted clothes of a colonial Puritan. It stares
text: down at its hands, almost in disbelief, then lifts its
text: face up to the sky and lets out a HOWL.
text: Thunder that sounds like deep and abysmal LAUGHTER echoes
text: through the turbulent clouds.
text: The boys find themselves backed up against another
text: headstone, this one engraved with the name "JUDGE
text: HOPKINS". They leap aside as the ground swells beneath
text: their feet, and the DEAD JUDGE punches through the dirt,
text: bolt upright. His face wears a rictus grin and he looms
text: over the boys like the Grim Reaper in a powdered wig.
text: He tilts his head curiously when he sees the book in
text: Alvin's hand, and HISSES through yellowed teeth.
text: Norman makes a last ditch attempt at reading the book as
text: the Dead Judge approaches, the other zombies gathering
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Once upon a time in a far-off...
dialog: Once upon a... In a...
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Make it stop right now, please!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It's not working!
text: The Dead Judge gives a hideous GROWL, but Norman frowns,
text: confused, because he can hear words.
speaker_heading: DEAD JUDGE
dialog: STOP!... YOU... MUST... STOP!
dialog: ParaNorman 38.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: (4) 50
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Norman? What are you doing? I
dialog: think I peed my pants!
text: Survival instincts finally kick in and Alvin makes a run
text: for it, scrambling through the graves toward the gate.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Wait!
text: Norman follows, leapfrogging over headstones.
dialog: 
dialog: 52 52
scene_heading: INT. NEIL'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Neil sits on the floor in front of a huge TV, remote
text: control in hand, as the doorbell RINGS loudly from the
dialog: hall.
speaker_heading: MITCH (O.S.)
dialog: Neil! Will you get the door?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I'm busy!
speaker_heading: MITCH (O.S.)
dialog: Are you freeze-framing Mom's
dialog: aerobics DVD again?
text: ANGLE ON TV, with a still image of a Lycra-clad
text: instructor bending over. Neil quickly turns it off.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: No!
text: The doorbell RINGS again.
speaker_heading: MITCH (O.S.)
dialog: Neil! Would it kill you to get off
dialog: your butt and answer the door?
dialog: 
dialog: 53 53
scene_heading: I/E. NEIL'S DRIVEWAY, FRONT PORCH - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: I'm gonna kill them.
text: She impatiently leans down to push open the mail slot.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you're in there! Slumber
dialog: party's over, dorks!
text: The door opens and she finds herself face to navel with
text: Mitch, out of the shower with a towel around his waist.
dialog: ParaNorman 39.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Um, can I help you?
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Hell yeah.
text: Courtney catches herself and quickly affects a LAUGH.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry to bug you so late, but
dialog: does, erm...
dialog: (checks page in hand)
dialog: ...Neil live here?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Yeah, he's my brother.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Oh wow! That's great! Your brother
dialog: and my brother are like best
dialog: friends! I'm Courtney.
text: She tries to regain her composure as Mitch turns away.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Hey Neil! You come here a minute?
dialog: There's a girl asking for you.
text: Neil's face emerges dubiously from a room down the hall.
text: Courtney flashes her widest fake grin and puts on a high
text: pitched sing-song voice.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Hey there! How ya doin'... little
dialog: guy...
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Neil?
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Yeah, Neil. Do you know where
dialog: Norman is? He kinda disappeared.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Oh no...
speaker_heading: (CATCHES HIMSELF)
dialog: ...idea! I have no idea where he
dialog: is. Sorry. Bye!
text: Neil goes to turn around but his brother stops him short.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Whoa, Neil! Better start talking,
dialog: buddy.
dialog: ParaNorman 40.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: (2) 53
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I didn't really think he was
dialog: serious about going up to the old
dialog: graveyard on his own!
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: So Norman!
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Oh, man. That place is bad news!
dialog: Total slasher movie vibe! Why'd he
dialog: go up there?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I don't know. Maybe we should go
dialog: look for him.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I told you he was trouble.
speaker_heading: (TO COURTNEY)
dialog: Sorry. But I did.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: No, it's fine. He sucks. But I
dialog: really gotta make sure he doesn't
dialog: die or anything tonight. Will you
dialog: help me? Please?
text: Mitch gets an eyeful of her best damsel in distress act,
dialog: then SIGHS.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Okay... I guess I should go get
text: some clothes on.
text: Courtney gives a disappointed WHINE as he heads off down
text: the hall, shoving Neil's head as he goes.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Uh, is Norman in trouble?
dialog: 
dialog: 54 54
scene_heading: INT. MR PRENDERGHAST'S HOUSE, HALLWAY - LATER
text: The front door is kicked open and Norman and a near
text: hysterical Alvin rush inside, slamming and locking the
text: door behind them.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Are they gonna try to eat our
dialog: brains?!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I think you'll be safe.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Oh, thank God!
dialog: ParaNorman 41.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
text: He manages to think this through, and frowns.
text: Alvin watches curiously as Norman turns his attention to
text: the book, frowning as he runs his hand over the embossed
dialog: leather cover.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I don't get it! Why didn't it
dialog: work?
text: He opens the book and leafs through page after page of
text: ornate calligraphy and woodcut illustrations.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: "The Story of Sleeping Beauty".
dialog: This doesn't make any sense!
text: His mind racing, Norman heads off along the hallway.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Wait! Where are you going?
dialog: 
dialog: 56 56
scene_heading: INT. MR PRENDERGHAST'S HOUSE, STUDY - CONTINUOUS
text: The room remains as before, with Mr Prenderghast's corpse
text: lying on the floor. Norman enters with purpose and
text: approaches it, leaving Alvin horrified in the doorway.
text: Norman crouches low over the body, holding the book out
text: in front of Mr Prenderghast's blank eyes.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Mr Prenderghast, I don't
dialog: understand! Tell me what to do!
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Dude, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (points to corpse)
dialog: He told me to read from the book
dialog: to stop the curse! I thought it
dialog: was a spell or something, but...
text: Norman narrows his eyes as he sees Mr Prenderghast's
text: desk, still strewn with pictures and newspaper clippings.
text: He hurries over and begins rummaging through the mess,
text: scattering papers across the floor.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on! There has to be
dialog: something...
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: I really need to get home! I've
dialog: got like a seriously early curfew.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: ParaNorman 42.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: 56
speaker_heading: ALVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: My mom gets really upset when I'm
dialog: not...
text: Something CLUNKS loudly from down the hall, sending Alvin
text: into a desperate babbling panic.
speaker_heading: ALVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: We gotta defend ourselves! We
text: gotta shoot them in the head with
dialog: like silver stakes or something!
dialog: I'm way too awesome to get eaten!
dialog: Norman, are you listening to me?
dialog: You really have to do something!
text: Norman uncovers a couple of faded photographs of the old
text: graveyard. One is of the seven tombstones, the other is
text: of the stone marker, which reads "HERE LIES BURIED THE
text: SEVEN VICTIMS OF THE WITCH'S CURSE..."
text: Beside the photos is a torn page from an old book. An
text: engraving illustrates the seven members of the witch's
text: trial, solemnly seated at a bench within the courthouse.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Seven victims...
text: Frowning, Norman glances up and sees a page from an old
text: book tacked to the wall. It is an illustration of a
text: hideous old crone, cackling evilly.
text: Another THUMP from down the hall.
text: Norman looks again from the photographs in his hand to
text: the image of the old witch. There's something he's not
text: seeing... He looks at the pictures in front of him.
dialog: Graves. Jurors. Witch.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Seven graves.
speaker_heading: (EYES WIDEN)
dialog: The witch's grave! It wasn't
dialog: there!
text: He turns to Alvin.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I was reading the book in the
dialog: wrong place!
text: Down the hallway, another loud THUMP.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hide!
dialog: ParaNorman 43.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 57 INT. MR PRENDERGHAST'S HOUSE, HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 57
text: CLOSE ON the door knob RATTLING furiously, then a CRACK
text: as a mottled hand punches it right through the wood.
text: A figure limps slowly into the hallway, dragging one
text: crippled foot behind the other. It stops halfway along
text: and tilts its head, as if listening, and emits a dire
text: MOAN. More shapes appear behind it in the doorway and fan
text: out along the hallway.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 58 58
scene_heading: INT. MR PRENDERGHAST'S HOUSE, STUDY - CONTINUOUS
text: The boys tremble in their hiding places trying not to
text: make a sound; Alvin crouched behind a stack of books and
text: Norman lying underneath the bed. The footsteps grow
text: louder as the zombies shuffle into the room.
text: NORMAN'S POV - rotten legs step up to Mr Prenderghast's
text: body, lying where he fell on the floorboards. Two
text: withered feet suddenly step right up to the bed.
text: Something drops onto the floor inches in front of
text: Norman's face with an unpleasant SLAP. Norman's eyes bug
text: out as he realizes it is a zombie's dislodged ear. A
text: weltered arm reaches down to grope around for the body
text: part, until Norman pushes the ear, as carefully as he can
text: manage, back into the zombie's fingers. The hand retreats
text: back out from under the bed.
text: There is a loud SCREAM as Alvin, unable to contain
text: himself any longer, jumps out from his hiding place and
text: makes for the door. The corpses look up as he disappears
text: down the hall, then stagger after him.
text: Norman takes this chance to follow, but the Dead Judge
text: blocks his exit. They both stand quite still, staring
text: into each others' eyes. The corpse tilts its head, almost
text: quizzically, and its eyes widen as it notices the book
text: under his arm.
text: Norman steps sideways to run past it, but the corpse does
text: too. Both it and Norman step one way, then the other, and
text: back again. Norman feigns one direction and quickly bolts
text: in the other, past the corpse and out the door.
dialog: 
dialog: 59 59
scene_heading: INT. MR PRENDERGHAST'S HOUSE, HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Alvin reaches the front door and throws it open. Directly
text: in front of him is another zombie on the doorstep,
text: opening a mouth full of jagged teeth.
text: Alvin SCREAMS like a little girl, smacks it ineffectually
text: with his spatula, and the door is abruptly SLAMMED in the
text: zombie's face, a surprised and muffled GROAN coming from
text: the other side.
dialog: ParaNorman 44.
speaker_heading: 59 CONTINUED: 59
text: Alvin, still screaming, looks down to see Norman beside
text: him, leaning against the door.
text: The Dead Judge leads the advance of zombies down the hall
text: toward them. Norman hears his MOAN.
text: Norman swings the door back open, the zombie on the other
text: side moving with it, teeth firmly embedded in the wood.
text: As it attempts to pry itself free, Norman grabs Alvin by
text: the arm and they both dart onto the porch behind its
text: back, headed for the road.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Come on!
dialog: 
dialog: 60 60
scene_heading: INT. MITCH'S VAN - SAME
text: Mitch drives along dark roads. Neil sits behind him
text: looking bemused while Courtney, in the front passenger
text: seat, extols her life history.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: And she said I could totally
dialog: consider a career in formation
dialog: swimming. But I was like, "I wanna
dialog: do something that helps people
dialog: less fortunate than me", thank you
dialog: very much, y'know, like the poor
dialog: or people who are like dying or
dialog: ugly or something, `cuz I really
dialog: think that ecology and world peace
dialog: are like totally important today.
dialog: Do you use free weights? Your
text: deltoids are huge.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I've never used deltoids in my
dialog: life, I swear. You can test me.
text: Neil lies back in his seat, eyes rolling.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Kill me now.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Thank you for doing this Mitch. He
dialog: means an awful lot to me. I love
dialog: him like he was a brother.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: He is your brother.
text: Courtney counters the backseat barbs by smiling demurely,
text: but Mitch's attention has been drawn by something else.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Whoa! Look at that sky!
dialog: ParaNorman 45.
scene_heading: 60 CONTINUED: 60
text: The wooded hill rises steeply a few miles in front of
text: them, and at its top is the old chapel. Pressing down
text: upon it, huge seething thunderclouds shift into
text: otherworldly shapes. Mitch and Courtney are mesmerized.
text: Neil suddenly points past Mitch's face.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Look out!
text: Mitch slams on the breaks, twisting the wheel.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Oh no!
dialog: 
dialog: 61 61
scene_heading: I/E. MITCH'S VAN ON WOODED ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: Running down the middle of the road, blinded by the glare
text: of the van's headlights, are Alvin and Norman. The van
text: swerves around them and grazes the trees, the side mirror
text: flying off as it hits a branch.
text: Mitch fights to control the van as Courtney SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: That was Norman!
text: Shaken, Mitch realizes another figure is looming out of
text: the darkness in front of them. He slams on the brakes
text: again, but too late. The tall dirty-looking figure stands
text: stock still as the van plows straight into him.
text: Dust flies up from the wheels of the van as it skids to
text: an eventual stop in the center of the road.
dialog: 
dialog: 62 62
scene_heading: INT. MITCH'S VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Mitch turns to everyone as he pulls off his seat belt.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Is everyone okay?
text: Courtney and Neil answer in unison, both of them upside
text: down in their seats with their legs sticking up in the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY NEIL
dialog: No!
dialog: No!
text: Mitch, trying to stay calm, looks in his rear-view mirror
text: and sees a prone shape on the ground some yards back.
dialog: ParaNorman 46.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 63 EXT. WOODED ROAD - CONTINUOUS 63
text: Mitch climbs out of the van and sees the figure lying
text: still on the moonlit road. He nervously jogs over to it.
text: As he gets closer, Mitch can see the man more clearly. He
text: is wrapped in filthy tattered clothing of a bygone era
text: and is covered in dirt. Flies BUZZ around him.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Er... hello, sir?
text: He hunkers down and is immediately hit by the stench. A
text: mud-encrusted face stares up at him.
text: ANGLE ON the van, as Courtney leans her head out.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Is he dead or what?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I... I don't know! He's not
dialog: moving!
text: The figure's head lets out a faint GASP.
speaker_heading: MITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: He's still breathing!
text: Mitch reaches out to gently lift the figure's head but as
text: he does, there is a CRUNCH and it comes off in his hands.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: So he's okay?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Uh... not exactly.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: What? What did you just say?
text: Mitch looks from the head back to the van, then at the
text: head again. He licks his lips nervously as he thinks.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Does anyone know CPR?
text: Further down the road, Norman runs back toward the van,
text: Alvin still in tow. He sees Mitch ahead of him, getting
text: dizzily to his feet, still holding the head.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Run!
text: The head in Mitch's hands suddenly GASPS again, opening
text: its mouth. Mitch SHRIEKS as the headless figure on the
text: road sits up and reaches out its arms. Mitch drop kicks
text: it like a football. It flies, WAILING, into the bushes.
dialog: ParaNorman 47.
speaker_heading: 63 CONTINUED: 63
text: As if struck by the same blow, the rest of the corpse
text: staggers backwards.
text: Alvin and Norman run past him toward the van, bustling
text: past Courtney and clambering inside.
text: More corpses are emerging from the trees on either side
text: of the road. She SCREAMS and leaps back into the van, as
text: Mitch leaps into the driver's seat beside her.
dialog: 
dialog: 64 64
scene_heading: INT. MITCH'S VAN - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Did you see that?
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: That was insane!
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I know, right? I kicked that like
dialog: a hundred yards!
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Norman, what just happened?!
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Zombies! I swear, okay? We saw
text: them burst out of their graves!
dialog: For real!
text: He realizes Mitch and Courtney are staring at him, and
text: tries to disguise his raw panic with nonchalance.
speaker_heading: ALVIN (O.S.) (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (TO COURTNEY)
dialog: Just so you know, I totally saved
dialog: his life, and I could totally save
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY (O.S.)
dialog: Sorry, who are you?
speaker_heading: ALVIN (O.S.)
dialog: I'm Alvin. I'm in his class.
text: Norman, not so easily distracted from the problem at hand
text: as the others, glances uneasily through the window.
text: NORMAN'S POV - The zombies lurch arthritically toward the
text: van, GROANING and GURGLING.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Uh, guys... maybe we should
text: actually drive away now.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Oh, right.
dialog: ParaNorman 48.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: 64
text: Mitch starts the engine with a YELL, just as the nearest
text: zombie leers in through the window.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 65 EXT. WOODED ROAD - CONTINUOUS 65
text: CLOSE ON the front wheel, spinning and SQUEALING. The van
text: spits out a cloud of exhaust fumes as it accelerates
dialog: away.
text: A beat as the smoke clears. The soot-covered zombies
text: SPLUTTER as they cough up what's left of their lungs.
text: They turn from one to the other, awaiting direction from
text: their leader. But the Dead Judge is nowhere to be seen.
text: A zombie points down the winding road where the woods
text: eventually thin out into leafy suburban drives. The
text: ragged shape of the Judge is clinging to the back of the
text: van, thrashing around and WAILING as it picks up speed.
text: The zombies quietly watch until the van moves out of
text: sight behind the trees, then turn their attention to the
text: lights of the town center below them. They weigh up their
text: options and, MOANING, shuffle toward civilization.
dialog: 
dialog: 69 69
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREETS - NIGHT
text: Further down the hill, Sheriff Hooper is taking a break
dialog: from ticketing borderline traffic violations by drinking
text: a giant malt shake in a plastic cup. She leans against
text: her parked motorcycle, squinting up at the unnatural
dialog: clouds.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF HOOPER
dialog: Pesky kids with their cell phones
dialog: burning up the oh-zone, that's
dialog: what this is!
text: She finishes her shake and throws the non-recyclable cup
text: into the bushes.
text: Mitch's van shoots past at high speed in a cloud of dust.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF HOOPER (CONT'D)
dialog: What the..?
text: Hooper watches the van tear away, the dark shape of the
text: Dead Judge visibly clinging to the back doors, his
text: voluminous cape flapping out behind him like a windsock.
dialog: 
dialog: 70 70
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED ROAD, MITCH'S VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Unseen by the kids, the Dead Judge claws his way up the
text: rear doors of the van by his ragged fingernails.
dialog: ParaNorman 49.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 71 INT. MITCH'S VAN - CONTINUOUS 71
text: Courtney lets out an infuriated GROWL.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: I just knew something like this
dialog: was going to happen tonight!
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: You did? Wow, `cos that zombie bit
dialog: really threw me.
text: Courtney turns in her seat and glares at her brother.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Why d'you have to go and get
dialog: everyone involved in all your
dialog: weird stuff?!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Well, you weren't supposed to
dialog: follow me, were you?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Sorry. My fault. When I'm nervous
dialog: I get mouth diarrhoea.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Ha ha! Diarrhoea!
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Oh my gosh, I think I'm having an
dialog: aneurism! This is so typical of
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You don't understand! I'm the only
dialog: one who can stop this, Courtney!
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Oh, I understand! I understand
dialog: that this is all getting
dialog: completely out of...
text: The van's sunroof is suddenly ripped open, and the Dead
text: Judge's arm reaches down into the vehicle, clawing inches
text: above Courtney's head.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: ...HAND!
text: The Dead Judge leans further into the van, MOANING
text: horribly. He seems to have his sights set on Norman, and
text: reaches one arm down toward Norman and the book peeking
text: out of his shoulder bag.
text: Norman shrinks back as the zombie GROANS horribly.
dialog: ParaNorman 50.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: 71
text: Alvin disappears behind the back seat with a WHIMPER, but
text: Neil valiantly leaps into the fray, wrestling the clawing
text: fingers away from his friend.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Whaddawedo? Whaddawedo? Mitch?!
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I don't know! I don't know!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: You're the oldest!
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Not mentally!
text: Mitch hears a SIREN wail out behind him, and looks in his
text: mirror to see the flashing light of Hooper's bike.
speaker_heading: MITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh great. The cops.
text: Hooper pulls level with the passenger seat window, waving
dialog: angrily.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF HOOPER
dialog: Pull over the vehicle!
text: The Dead Judge leans further into the van, Neil hanging
text: off him like a pendulum.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Norman! How do we stop them?!
text: Norman looks again at the book in his hands.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'm supposed to read from the book
dialog: at the witch's grave!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: We've got to go back to the
dialog: graveyard?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: She wasn't buried with the others.
dialog: I don't know where else to look...
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Well you better think of something
dialog: quick!
text: Norman wracks his brain.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I have an idea!
dialog: ParaNorman 51.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 75 INT. SALMA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 75
text: Salma sits at her computer in an immaculately tidy
text: bedroom. Even her collection of dolls are flawlessly
text: groomed and sit on a shelf looking like they're waiting
dialog: to be called in for an interview.
text: Salma talks into her cell phone with an expression of
text: withering disdain.
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: So Norman, let me get this
dialog: straight; you guys all go on this
dialog: big supernatural adventure and
dialog: you're calling me in the middle of
dialog: the night because you need someone
dialog: to help you do your homework?
text: INTERCUT KIDS IN THE VAN/SALMA
text: Norman talks into his cell phone, occasionally ducking as
text: Neil's flailing limbs are shaken from side to side by the
text: GROWLING upside down zombie hanging above their heads.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Uh... yeah.
dialog: 
dialog: 76 76
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: Hooper steers her bike closer and swings her backside
text: into the side of the van in an attempt to ram it off the
dialog: road.
text: The van lurches, flipping the Judge up and over the front
text: of the vehicle, planting his face with a SQUELCH against
text: the windscreen.
dialog: 
dialog: 77 77
scene_heading: INT. MITCH'S VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Neil drops back down onto his seat. The Dead Judge's arm,
text: torn off at the shoulder, is still clutched in his hands.
text: He stares down at it, wide-eyed, as it wriggles like an
text: animal in his grasp.
text: The Dead Judge slides slowly down the windscreen of the
text: van with a dull SQUEAK.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Mitch, do something!
text: Mitch flicks on the windscreen wipers, which wipe the
text: zombie's rotten flesh from side to side across the glass.
text: Mitch and Courtney's eyes follow the Judge's movements
text: from side to side.
dialog: ParaNorman 52.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: 77
text: Behind them, Neil SQUEALS as the dismembered arm crawls
text: all over him, fingers scuttling like a spider's legs.
text: The arm frees itself from Neil and turns on Norman,
text: leaping at him like a viper.
text: Norman holds the book up as a shield, and manages to swat
text: the zombie arm away, flipping it across the front seat,
text: where it lands on the back of Mitch's neck.
text: Mitch SCREAMS as the rotten hand clamps down onto the top
text: of his head, and madly tries to shake it off. It hangs
text: onto him grimly, bony fingers hooked around his nostrils.
text: With Mitch no longer steering, the van swerves crazily
text: across the road, shaking the Dead Judge off the
text: windscreen. He disappears under the front of the vehicle,
text: his one remaining arm clinging onto the underside.
text: INTERCUT KIDS IN THE VAN/SALMA
text: Norman shouts pleadingly into the phone as he and Neil
text: are flung violently from side to side across the back
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Salma! We need to find out where
dialog: the witch is buried! I went to the
dialog: old graveyard but her grave wasn't
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: Well, duh. People found guilty of
dialog: witchcraft weren't considered
dialog: people anymore. Norman, your witch
dialog: was buried someplace else... in an
dialog: unmarked grave!
speaker_heading: (REPROACHFULLY)
dialog: If you cared to pay attention some
dialog: of the time, you would know that
dialog: we covered this in fifth grade
dialog: history class.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Salma! Please! Hurry! Y'know, I
dialog: would Google this myself if there
dialog: wasn't a 300 year old dead guy
dialog: trying to rip my face off!
text: With a SIGH, Salma types at her computer.
speaker_heading: SALMA
dialog: Okay. It says here she was tried
text: in the old Town Hall on Main
dialog: Street. There may be a record of
dialog: her execution and burial in their
dialog: archives.
dialog: ParaNorman 53.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: (2) 77
text: Norman listens intently then shouts over to Mitch, still
text: struggling with the zombie hand gripping his face.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Quick! She said go to the Town
dialog: Hall!
dialog: 
dialog: 79 79
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: Mitch hangs a sharp right and accelerates off the road
text: and into thick undergrowth, sending up showers of twigs
text: and thorns.
text: Close on his heels, Hooper swerves her bike around in
dialog: pursuit.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 80 80
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREETS - NIGHT
text: The six zombies inexorably continue their march, breaking
text: cover from outlying woodland into the suburban streets of
dialog: the town proper.
text: At the bottom of a long driveway, spotlit by a street
text: lamp, Mrs Henscher is taking out the trash in her
dialog: bathrobe.
text: She looks up from her garbage as the zombies approach.
text: Her face is caked in a terrifying green avocado face
text: mask. Barely a few feet in front of her, a similarly
text: green face stares back, only this one has been dead for
dialog: three hundred years.
text: Henscher SCREAMS, bolting down the street like a runaway
dialog: locomotive.
dialog: 
dialog: 81 81
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS, MITCH'S VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: The van ploughs through bracken and bushes at breakneck
dialog: speed.
text: A little way behind, Hooper careens precariously in the
text: van's wake.
dialog: 
dialog: 82 82
scene_heading: INT. MITCH'S VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Mitch finally manages to pry the Dead Judge's arm off his
text: head. He throws it, thrashing around violently, over his
dialog: shoulder.
text: Alvin lifts his face tentatively over the edge of the
text: back seat to see what's going on. The zombie arm plants
text: him in the eye, sending both sprawling against the floor.
text: Alvin SQUEALS as the arm snakes around his neck into a
text: bizarre approximation of a wrestling hold.
dialog: ParaNorman 54.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 83 EXT. WOODS - CONTINUOUS 83
text: Mitch swerves his van down the hill toward the more
text: affluent suburbs of the town. Hooper's police bike
text: bounces along behind them, red light flashing and SIREN
text: wailing.
dialog: 
dialog: 84 84
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON, NEARBY ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: Perry and Sandra Babcock are driving home from their
text: evening out. Neither look especially happy.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: I really think it might help if
dialog: you tried to see things from his
text: point of view.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: I don't want to.
dialog: 
dialog: 85 85
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - CONTINUOUS
text: The Babcocks' discussion continues as they drive.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Perry, not believing in the
dialog: Afterlife is like not believing in
dialog: Astrology.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: I have no idea what you're talking
dialog: about. Seriously, where did you
dialog: learn that?
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Calm down.
text: Perry rolls his eyes and GROANS.
dialog: 
dialog: 86 86
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Mitch's van explodes out of the thinning woods and back
text: on to the winding hill road. Hooper careens through the
text: trees behind it, but fails to make the turn and smashes
text: through a fence across the other side of the road into a
text: suburban back yard, splinters of fence showering down in
dialog: her wake.
text: Scattering lawn ornaments, plastic garden toys and deck
text: furniture, Hooper rides directly up a kids' slide,
text: shooting high up into the air like a rocket.
dialog: ParaNorman 55.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 87 EXT. SUBURBAN INTERSECTION - CONTINUOUS 87
text: Preceded by an ear-splittingly guttural WAIL, Mrs
text: Henscher runs through the streets, waving her arms about
text: hysterically.
text: Moments later, the Babcocks' station wagon pulls around
dialog: the corner.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 88 88
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN INTERSECTION - CONTINUOUS
text: Mitch's van SCREECHES through the intersection, swerving
text: in front of the Babcock's station wagon, which veers
text: wildly as Perry brakes hard.
text: He leaps out of the car as the van drives away.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Delinquent drivers! Where are the
dialog: police when you need them?
text: Hooper's bike hurtles through the air and bounces off the
text: hood of the station wagon with a CRUNCH. Before Perry can
text: react he is buried under the mass of Sheriff Hooper,
text: dropping like a meteorite onto his head.
dialog: 
dialog: 89 89
scene_heading: INT. MITCH'S VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: The kids, hanging on for dear life, hear a loud CRUNCH
text: from the back of the van.
text: They all turn to see the van's rear doors ripped open.
text: Silhouetted in the space is the one-armed Dead Judge,
text: cape muddied and torn from his crawling back out from the
text: vehicle's undercarriage.
text: The zombie lunges toward the startled kids, and MOANS.
text: Mitch turns his attention back to the road ahead, but too
text: late, and he YELLS as green-faced Mrs Henscher runs
text: SQUEALING into the van's headlights.
text: Mitch throws all his weight onto the wheel, tires
text: SCREAMING as the van misses Henscher by inches. The
text: violence of the turn flings the Dead Judge backwards like
text: a slingshot, disappearing out of the doors and shattering
text: into a dozen pieces as he SMASHES into the hard road.
dialog: 
dialog: 90 90
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN BACK YARDS - CONTINUOUS
text: Having completely lost control, Mitch's van ploughs
text: through cookie-cutter back yards.
dialog: ParaNorman 56.
speaker_heading: 90 CONTINUED: 90
text: It bounces down the hill, flipping over and over, the
text: kids inside tossed around like rag dolls.
text: Somewhat the worse for wear, it eventually comes to a
text: stop in a parking lot, neatly crashing into an empty
dialog: space.
dialog: 
dialog: 91 91
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
text: The kids clamber out of the far side of the van.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Oh my gosh! I'm gonna be sick!
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Oh, I broke a nail!
text: As Alvin climbs out, he gingerly holds up the Judge's
text: arm, as if it were a dead animal, and dangles it limply
text: in front of his face.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Yeah! Alvin the zombie slayer! I
dialog: got you...
text: The hand suddenly bends back on itself, slaps him on the
text: face, and as he SQUEALS it drops to the ground and
text: skitters away into the shadows.
text: Mitch sizes up what's left of his van, and bids a tearful
dialog: farewell.
speaker_heading: MITCH
speaker_heading: (WHISPERS)
dialog: Baby, I'm so sorry. You'll be
dialog: alright. We're gonna get through
dialog: this together.
text: Courtney pouts moodily when she realizes the tender words
dialog: aren't for her.
text: Norman looks up at the sky. A thick bank of cloud looms
text: over the town, and in its center is the unmistakable
text: otherworldly face, ebbing in and out of visibility, and
text: grinning horribly.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Uh oh. C'mon!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Oh yeah!
text: Neil HUMS his very own action movie score as he runs to
text: follow Norman out of the parking lot.
dialog: ParaNorman 57.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED: 91
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Perfect. Now the geeks are in
dialog: charge.
text: The kids make toward the parking lot exit.
dialog: 
dialog: 93 93
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET ALLEYWAY - SOME TIME LATER
text: The town center retains even less charm when the sun goes
text: down, and its remaining denizens are now drunk, high or
dialog: looking for trouble. Provided one requires alcohol, junk
dialog: food or pharmaceuticals, it's the place to be.
text: A ruddy-faced drunk, SLOB GUY, inserts a few coins in a
text: vending machine at the end of an alley, and waits as the
text: metal coil inside curls a candy bar toward the front of
text: the machine. The man notices the approaching figures
text: further down the back street and frowns.
text: He turns back to the machine, waiting. The zombies draw
text: closer, GROANING, and the man fidgets uncomfortably.
text: The man begins WHIMPERING. The candy bar slowly shifts
text: forward. The zombies are close enough to touch.
text: The man YELLS and runs away, leaving the candy bar to
text: drop to the machine's trough with a CLANG.
text: A beat then, still SCREAMING, the man runs back to the
text: machine, grabs his candy, then runs away again.
text: The Undead emerge onto Main Street, and slow down as they
dialog: take in their surroundings.
text: VARIOUS ANGLES ON the garish town center nightlife
text: intercut with CLOSE-UPS of the wide-eyed zombies.
text: -Two teenage girls in mini-skirts walk along the curb. A
text: pickup truck crawls by, driven by red necks who wolf-
text: whistle and gesture rudely. The girls GIGGLE.
text: -In the nearby "GOBBLER'S" parking lot, a huge woman sits
text: in her vehicle cramming a burger into her mouth. As she
text: bites down ketchup spatters across the inside of the
text: windscreen like arterial spray.
text: -A corpse stands agog before a billboard. The poster is
text: for a line of "Lady Luck" lingerie and features a buxom
text: woman in her underwear draped over a roulette wheel. The
text: tagline is "FANCY YOUR CHANCES?" The corpse's one eye
text: pops out of its socket and dangles by its optic nerve.
text: -Outside the Bar Gento, LOUD MUSIC and raucous revelry
text: blare out into the street.
dialog: ParaNorman 58.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: 93
text: -A group of loitering teens cluster in a group, some
text: sitting upon a stolen shopping cart, others kicking a tin
text: can from one to the other. One daubs misspelled naughty
text: words on the wall beside them. Another is attempting to
text: use his bare hands to rip open a parking meter.
text: -Another corpse stands in the light of a store window, a
text: bank of TVs showing all kinds of programs. Racing car
text: explosions; scantily-clad singers gyrating in music
text: videos; talking animals and Viagra commercials.
text: QUICK CUTS OF ZOMBIE CLOSE-UPS as they all raise rotten
text: fingers to their mouths and SCREAM.
text: Slob Guy suddenly bursts out of the door of the Bar
text: Gento, dragging a group of dubious drinkers.
speaker_heading: SLOB GUY
dialog: See! I told you! Zombies! It's the
dialog: witch's curse!
text: Everyone in the street freezes in place, wide-eyed.
dialog: Someone GASPS.
speaker_heading: SWEET GIRL
dialog: Mama?
speaker_heading: RAPPER GUY
dialog: What?
text: A couple of the zombies exchange glances, waiting for the
dialog: other shoe to drop.
speaker_heading: GUCCI LADY
dialog: What should we do?
text: Barely skipping a beat, the townsfolk shift seamlessly
text: from shock and awe to bullish aggression.
text: Crystal pulls a pump-action shotgun from somewhere about
text: her person and scowls menacingly.
speaker_heading: CRYSTAL
dialog: Kill them in the head!
text: Within seconds, the seedy-looking townsfolk have armed
text: themselves with pool cues, mops, toilet plungers and any
dialog: other household implements that can be waved
text: threateningly, and the mob advances on the group of
text: quivering zombies.
dialog: 
dialog: 94 94
scene_heading: EXT. URBAN STREETS - CONTINUOUS
text: The disembodied Judge's arm skitters along a secluded
text: street, eventually coming upon the rest of the Dead
text: Judge, sitting in the gutter trying to arrange and re-
text: attach his body parts in the right places.
dialog: ParaNorman 59.
speaker_heading: 94 CONTINUED: 94
text: Having SNAPPED his head back onto his neck, the Judge
text: scoops up his remaining arm and gets unsteadily to his
dialog: feet.
dialog: 
dialog: 103 103
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - MOMENTS LATER
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hurry! This way!
text: Norman leads the way, but stops dead as they run headlong
text: into a scene of zombie invasion mayhem.
text: Townsfolk fill the streets, SHOUTING and acting generally
text: mob-like. One or two of them have even got hold of
text: burning torches from somewhere. It's apocalyptic chaos.
text: The fat woman from the Drive-Thru runs past SCREAMING,
text: her face and T-shirt covered in blood-red ketchup.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Oh, this is awful! The zombies
dialog: are, like, eating everyone!
text: Norman points beyond the bedlam to the dark shape of the
text: Old Town Hall in the plaza.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: C'mon!
text: They skirt around the edge of Main Street, avoiding
text: flying bottles and limbs as best they can.
text: Following the noise, the Judge staggers along some way
text: behind. He surveys the scene as he emerges, his
text: featureless face doing a nevertheless effective job of
text: expressing horrified shock.
text: After a moment, he comes to his senses, and spies the
text: kids in the distance. A look of resolve crosses his face,
text: turning quickly to surprise as a SHOT rings out nearby.
text: The Judge looks down to a large hole blown through his
text: midriff. Framed within it is Crystal, several feet away,
text: rifle smoking. He looks up again, weighs up his chances,
text: then lets out a ROAR of retreat to his beleaguered
text: companions before running off into the shadows.
text: Those zombies who haven't already tried to run for cover
text: manage to extricate themselves from the frenzy and follow
text: the Judge's CRY, some of them breaking into a sprint.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 106 106
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL PLAZA - NIGHT
text: Formerly the district courthouse, the Town Hall has now
dialog: been relegated to storing the local archives.
dialog: ParaNorman 60.
speaker_heading: 106 CONTINUED: 106
text: It is an old timber building, surrounded by graceless
text: modern office blocks around the cobbled square.
text: The kids race across the plaza, pausing to catch their
text: breath at the ugly witch statue in front of the Town
text: Hall. They GASP as they slow their pace.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Is everyone alright? Nobody got
dialog: bitten?
text: Neil flops down heavily against the statue, panting and
text: holding his mouth.
speaker_heading: NEIL
speaker_heading: (MUFFLED)
dialog: I bid dy tongue! Dud dat count?
text: Norman moves toward the steps leading up to the Town
text: Hall's doors, the rest of the gang falling into line
text: behind him.
text: Another flash of lightning paints the kids' shadows
text: across the width of the square. Norman nervously watches
text: the clouds above them.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Does anyone know how to pick a
dialog: lock?
text: Everyone immediately looks at Alvin.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Sure. Picking locks is my thing.
text: Alvin walks over to a notice board beside the door, upon
text: which is a poster for a "CRIME PREVENTION SEMINAR". He
text: yanks it out of the ground, hefts it through the window,
text: then reaches through to unfasten the door latch.
speaker_heading: ALVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Boom.
dialog: 
dialog: 107 107
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: The kids hurry through the door.
text: The lobby is dark, but moonlight glistens off polished
text: wood through a lofty circular window.
text: Norman shouts out from the other side of the lobby, where
text: he stands beside a door labelled "HALL OF RECORDS"..
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: This is it!
dialog: ParaNorman 61.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: 107
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: This is?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Now we can find out where the
dialog: witch was buried!
text: Norman pushes his shoulder against the door and steps
dialog: inside.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 108 108
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL ARCHIVES - CONTINUOUS
text: The door swings open and reveals a labyrinth of shelves
text: and glass cabinets stretching out into the shadows in
text: front of him. Row after row of dusty cardboard file boxes
text: and ledgers stacked one on top of another.
text: Norman stops in his tracks, color draining from his face.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Uh-oh.
text: Courtney follows, faking enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Great! I'm super psyched! This is
dialog: turning into the most fun night
dialog: ever!
text: The overhead light clicks on as Alvin steps into the room
text: behind her and GROANS.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Man. Zombies take over the world
dialog: and we lock ourselves in a
dialog: library. Are you kidding me?
dialog: There's an adult video store just
dialog: across the street!
text: Neil is more optimistic, and brightly makes his way over
text: to a shelf, and pulls down a slim ledger.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: This'll be a piece of cake, you'll
dialog: see.
text: He pauses, and frowns, squinting up his eyes as he reads
text: aloud, very slowly.
speaker_heading: NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Page... One... Okay, page one.
text: Mitch hefts a particularly heavy box file off a shelf. He
text: seems to read the filing notes written across its front,
text: then ignores them and begins curling it like a dumbbell.
dialog: ParaNorman 62.
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I really hate these places.
text: Norman sizes up the masses of documents all around them,
text: face panicked. It would take days to go through them all.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Come on! No, that's not it. Time
dialog: is running out!
dialog: 
scene_heading: 110 EXT. MAIN STREET - CONTINUOUS 110
text: Sheriff Hooper looks around and sees an awful lot of
text: armed people beginning to bay for blood, and she sees
text: trouble on her hands.
speaker_heading: SLOB GUY
dialog: Ain't room for no more zombies in
dialog: this town!
text: Standing behind him, Teddy agrees with a slack-jawed
speaker_heading: MOAN.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 
dialog: 104 104
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - NIGHT
text: Perry drives into town in silence, his nose bloodied and
text: stuffed with tissues. Sandra sits beside him and Sheriff
text: Hooper is in the back seat, scouring the streets.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF HOOPER
dialog: Would've been a quiet night too,
dialog: if it hadn't been for those
dialog: meddling kids. Huh!
text: As Perry and Sandra exchange uneasy glances, Hooper
text: suddenly points through the windshield to the riot in
text: progress on Main Street.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF HOOPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Sweet baby jinkies!
dialog: 
dialog: 105 105
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Perry brakes hard just a few feet in front of the
text: advancing mob, moving menacingly en masse in pursuit of
text: the fleeing Undead. Hooper bustles out of the car, making
text: a beeline for Deputy Dwayne.
text: Crystal turns and fires into the street, taking out a
text: lightbulb over a store sign. A dog somewhere in the
text: shadows YELPS and runs away.
dialog: ParaNorman 63.
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: 105
text: Sheriff Hooper is outraged, and snatches the gun out of
text: Crystal's hand.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF HOOPER
dialog: What do you think you're doing,
dialog: firing at civilians? That is for
dialog: the police to do!
speaker_heading: DEPUTY DWAYNE
dialog: It's okay Sheriff, we've only been
dialog: shooting at the dead ones! It's
dialog: the living dead, come to take us
dialog: all to Hell! We gotta stop them
dialog: before they get away!
dialog: 
dialog: 109 109
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - MOMENTS LATER
text: In the alley down the side of the old Town Hall, the
text: zombies tiptoe through the shadows. They look slightly
text: the worse for wear; some have lost limbs, others have
text: large holes in them. One has a toilet plunger stuck on
text: her head.
text: The Dead Judge looks up at the sky. The turgid
text: supernatural storm RUMBLES closer, pressing down upon the
text: nearby rooftops.
text: The Judge motions to the other zombies to hurry, and
text: grabs hold of the Town Hall's side door. He rips it open,
text: and furtively motions the zombies to file inside.
dialog: 
dialog: 110 110
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: SHERIFF HOOPER
dialog: Move along now people, there isn't
dialog: anything to see here!
text: The townsfolk around her refuse to be allayed by this.
text: Perry and Sandra have emerged dubiously out of their car
text: and watch from the periphery, utterly bewildered.
text: Mrs Henscher, newly arrived and wearing her avocado face
text: mask like war paint, shakes her shotgun and points down
dialog: the street.
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER
dialog: I saw them! I saw them! The
dialog: zombies are in the Town Hall!
text: The information sweeps across the crowd like wildfire.
text: Several faces turn to Henscher, who is pleased to have an
text: engaged audience and hams it up shamelessly, coming on
text: like Braveheart in curlers.
dialog: ParaNorman 64.
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED: 110
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Cry "Havoc!" and let slip the dogs
dialog: of war!
text: The faces around her don't react; waiting patiently for a
dialog: clearer translation.
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's rip `em apart!
text: Mrs Henscher points the crowd toward the Town Hall.
text: Despite Hooper's protests, the townsfolk are on lynch mob
text: auto pilot and surge like a force of nature along the
text: Main Street toward the Town Hall plaza.
dialog: 
dialog: 111 111
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL, ARCHIVES - LATER
text: Dozens of books and cardboard boxes lie scattered across
text: the floor. The glass cabinets around the room have been
text: ransacked as the kids drag documents off shelves and
text: rummage through binders.
text: Norman sits on the floor flipping through sheet after
text: sheet of records. Courtney wades through documents toward
text: him, holding up a fist full of old rolled-up papers.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: We're not going to find it in
dialog: here, Norman! This is useless!
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Yeah, I know, and it's also really
dialog: boring.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: I thought I was driving the van.
dialog: No one told me I was gonna have to
dialog: do this other dumb stuff.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: If I'd known there was so much
dialog: reading involved, I would have
dialog: brought a completely different
dialog: group of people who hate me.
text: Neil suddenly YELLS out victoriously. Everyone turns to
text: him, hardly believing he might have found the answer. He
text: waves a book triumphantly above his head and grins at
dialog: everyone.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Yes! Book number one! Finished!
dialog: That is right, twenty six pages,
dialog: oh yeah!
text: Everyone GROANS and turns back to their bickering.
dialog: ParaNorman 65.
speaker_heading: 111 CONTINUED: 111
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: I can't believe this is your plan!
dialog: I'm gonna get bitten and start
dialog: eating peoples' brains! I'm
dialog: supposed to be Vegan!
text: Mitch suddenly SHOUTS out from the doorway.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Guys! There's something moving out
dialog: there! I think it's the zombies!
speaker_heading: ALVIN
speaker_heading: (HYSTERICAL)
dialog: Hide!
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Oh, no it's not. It's just grown-
dialog: ups.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
speaker_heading: (MORE HYSTERICAL)
dialog: Hide!
dialog: 
dialog: 112 112
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - SAME
text: The square outside is awash with threatening townsfolk,
text: led by Mrs Henscher and Deputy Dwayne. Some charge up the
text: Town Hall steps, JEERING and WHISTLING.
dialog: 
dialog: 113 113
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: Blurry silhouettes move across the outside of the window,
text: occasionally SMACKING against them with their fists.
text: A brick SMASHES through a window and CLATTERS across the
text: floor between Courtney's feet.
dialog: 
dialog: 114 114
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL ARCHIVES - CONTINUOUS
text: The kids start to hurry toward the lobby, leaving Norman
text: sitting amongst the spilled documents.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: That sound. Y'know what that is?
dialog: That's not awesome... things...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Guys, come on!
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Just give it up, weiner!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: We have to keep trying!
dialog: ParaNorman 66.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: 114
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: We tried and look what happened!
speaker_heading: (SIGHS)
dialog: I'm scared, Norman, and I can't
dialog: listen to this any more.
text: Norman looks at the faces in front of him. The kids are
text: scared and confused and angry. Even Neil has nothing
dialog: encouraging to offer.
text: Norman's brow furrows.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You never listen! No one ever
dialog: listens! I'm scared too, but I've
dialog: still gotta do this.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: I do too listen! And whatever it
dialog: was you just said, it's not
dialog: working! You think you're going to
dialog: go out there and do your talking
dialog: to the dead thing and this is all
dialog: going to be okay? What are you
dialog: going to do, ask the zombies not
dialog: to eat you?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I should've known you wouldn't
dialog: understand! No one ever does!
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Norman, you need to stop all this
dialog: weird stuff and start living in
dialog: the real world!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Everyone in the real world thinks
dialog: I'm a freak! And you know what,
dialog: maybe they're right, maybe I am a
dialog: freak! But I never asked for your
dialog: help... just go! Get out!
text: Courtney, Mitch and Alvin back off a half step as Norman
text: advances on them.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Jeez, that was dramatic.
text: Courtney shoots him a look as if she's about to fight
text: back, then shakes her head and shoves her way through the
dialog: door.
text: She turns to go, snapping at the other kids behind her.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: C'mon!
dialog: ParaNorman 67.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: (2) 114
text: One by one, the kids turn and file out, but Neil still
text: insists on remaining, folding his arms defiantly.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I'm not going anywhere. You can't
dialog: make me.
text: Mitch shrugs and picks his brother up, scooping him under
text: one arm and carrying him out the door.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Dude, you're really heavy.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I'm not speaking to you. You can't
dialog: make me.
text: Norman watches the doors shut behind them, and his anger
text: begins to ebb. Alone in the archive room, he slumps to
text: his knees feeling useless and frustrated.
dialog: 
dialog: 115 115
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: In the lobby, no one can hear him over the sounds of the
text: mob. The kids have nervously approached the barricade at
text: the front door, hoping to appeal to the figures outside.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Um, excuse me? Hello?
text: Unmistakably living hands and arms suddenly SMASH through
text: the barricade, clawing into the Town Hall. The kids
text: recoil from the windows, SCREAMING as they bat
text: ineffectually at the grasping hands.
dialog: 
dialog: 116 116
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: Slob Guy reaches in through a gap in the broken woodwork,
text: managing to grab a hold of something.
speaker_heading: SLOB GUY
dialog: They're in there alright! I can
dialog: feel its clammy flesh!
dialog: 
dialog: 117 117
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: Neil SCREAMS as Slob Guy gropes at his chubby arm.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 117A INT. TOWN HALL ARCHIVES - CONTINUOUS 117A
text: Norman notices his backpack on the floor in front of him,
text: the book of fairy tales poking out. He picks it up and
text: runs his hand absently over the embossed leather cover.
dialog: ParaNorman 68.
speaker_heading: 117A CONTINUED: 117A
text: Something CLATTERS behind him, and Norman hears someone
text: approaching.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hello?
text: He turns around to face his friend and finds himself
text: staring up at a zombie, moving toward him along the dark
text: aisle, pale moonlight shining off its exposed bones.
speaker_heading: Norman GASPS.
text: He realizes zombies are converging on him from all
text: directions, barring his way out through the door. The
text: Dead Judge GROANS as he approaches.
text: Norman backs away, clutching the book to his chest.
text: Out of the corner of his eye Norman spots another doorway
text: in the shadows of the wall behind him and moves toward
text: it, calling out desperately.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Help! Somebody help me!
dialog: 
dialog: 118 118
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: Norman runs up a tight stairwell leading to the roof of
text: the building, the zombies just a few steps beneath him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 119 EXT. TOWN HALL - CONTINUOUS 119
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER
dialog: Let's burn `em out!
text: Obligingly, a couple of townsfolk hurl Molotov cocktails
text: at the windows.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 120 120
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL LOBBY - MOMENTS LATER
text: The kids manage to pull back just as a burning bottle
text: flies over their heads, SHATTERING glass. It lands in the
text: middle of the room and a puddle of burning alcohol
text: spreads across the floorboards.
text: Tendrils of black smoke are also beginning to creep under
text: the edge of the front door.
text: The kids stand in a group, terror-stricken as the smoke
text: thickens and flames begin to lick along the floor.
text: Courtney is quick to lose what remains of her composure.
dialog: ParaNorman 69.
speaker_heading: 120 CONTINUED: 120
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: We're all gonna DIE!
dialog: 
scene_heading: 121 EXT. TOWN HALL, ROOFTOP - CONTINUOUS 121
text: Norman heaves himself through a tiny hatchway onto a flat
text: roof at the highest point of the building. He shuts the
text: hatch, inching away as the zombies beneath beat on it
text: with their hands.
text: Norman finds himself backed up against a flimsy wooden
text: rail, which CREAKS warningly. He leans over and sees the
text: square beneath, filled with angry people. He has nowhere
dialog: left to run.
text: Above him the red sky RUMBLES, clouds churning into a
text: ghastly grinning mouth.
dialog: 
dialog: 122 122
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: Far below, the gathered townsfolk grow increasingly
text: erratic. A pair of visiting tourists happily take in
text: their surroundings with their cell phones and cameras.
text: Sandra tugs at her husband's arm as they are buffeted by
text: the increasingly erratic townsfolk.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Oh my gosh, do you think this has
dialog: got anything to do with Norman?
text: Perry waves her hand away irritably.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Of course not!
text: He is interrupted by a SHOUT as someone sees Norman's
text: tiny figure silhouetted against the raging sky on the
text: roof of the building.
speaker_heading: LIBRARIAN
dialog: Everyone look!
text: Perry and Sandra see their son begin gesticulating wildly
text: at the clouds.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Perry, do something!
text: He cups his hands around his mouth and YELLS at Norman.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Norman! Get down from there this
dialog: instant! You're supposed to be
dialog: grounded!
dialog: ParaNorman 70.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 123 EXT. TOWN HALL, ROOFTOP - CONTINUOUS 123
text: Distraught, Norman bellows into the sky, waving the book
text: angrily above his head.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You horrible old witch! Is this
dialog: what you want?
text: The roiling face above him seems to CACKLE mercilessly.
dialog: 
dialog: 124 124
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: The mob begins to lurch to all new stupid conclusions as
text: Norman waves his arms at the clouds.
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER
dialog: Necromancer!
speaker_heading: FEMALE TOURIST
dialog: This is all his doing!
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Norman!
text: Perry feels the shift in the crowd. They're not just
text: baying for blood. They're about to start baying for his
dialog: son's blood.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 125 125
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL, ROOFTOP - CONTINUOUS
text: Norman continues YELLING at the sky, waving the book.
text: He madly flicks through the pages, attempting to read
text: aloud over the ROARING wind.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: Once upon a time in a far-off land
dialog: there lived a king and queen... in
dialog: a magnificent castle...
text: The horrible cloud face above him CACKLES monstrously,
text: drowning out the story.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Why won't you listen to me? Why
dialog: are you doing this?!
text: The face in the clouds turns inside out as a tongue of
text: lightning spits out. It SMACKS into the book held in
text: front of Norman's chest, lifts him up off his feet and
text: throws him back onto the old timbers of the roof.
text: The air is knocked out of Norman as, trailing smoke, he
text: SMASHES through the wood into the fiery chasm of the
text: building beneath.
dialog: ParaNorman 71.
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED: 125
text: CAMERA follows him as he plummets, SCREAMING, and is
text: enveloped in thick black smoke.
text: There is a loud THUD, and silence.
dialog: 
dialog: 126 126
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL, OLD COURTHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Norman lies on the floor, shifting painfully. With some
text: effort he sits up, rubbing his head.
text: The book in his hand is now a blackened cinder with a
text: large smoldering hole gouged through the middle.
text: Norman realizes he is no longer inside the burning
text: building. Around him indistinct shapes begin to pool into
text: clarity. He is in the courthouse, but three hundred years
text: ago, and a trial is about to begin.
text: A crowd of onlookers gather around a platform at the head
text: of the room where officious-looking gentlemen in austere
text: Puritan clothing stand around a table. Two dour men in
text: black skull caps are seated, an empty chair between them.
text: Norman moves unnoticed through the crowd toward the
text: platform. The hubbub of the townsfolk dies down.
text: The imposing figure of Judge Hopkins, tall and august,
text: marches out of a side chamber, steps up onto the wooden
text: dais and seats himself silently between his solemn peers.
text: He glares down at Norman with cold, humorless eyes.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOPKINS
dialog: Agatha Prenderghast of his
dialog: Majesty's Province of
dialog: Massachusetts...
text: As the Judge's voice continues, Norman sees played out
text: against it a MONTAGE of the preceding court case.
text: The notary stands up, waving a wad of testimonies.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOPKINS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...on this day you have been
dialog: arraigned for the horrible crime
dialog: of witchcraft...
text: A pale woman fiddles nervously with the ribbon on her
text: bonnet as she is questioned by the Judge.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOPKINS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...witnessed by those whose
text: testimonies have been heard.
text: A wiry woman with a pinched face gestures fearfully with
text: her arms as she recounts her evidence.
dialog: ParaNorman 72.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: 126
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOPKINS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You have, by this court, been
dialog: found guilty...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No!
text: A young farmhand bows his head shamefully, as he adds
dialog: further ammunition to the prosecution.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOPKINS (V.O.)
dialog: ...and it is passed on you,
dialog: according to your grievous
dialog: crimes...
text: Another village woman SOBS into a handkerchief as she
text: tells her story.
text: QUICK CUTS of the accusers, one after the other, as the
text: Judge finishes his verdict. The notary, the preacher, the
text: townsfolk. All point at Norman.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOPKINS (CONT'D)
dialog: ...execution.
text: Camera swings slowly around Norman to reveal AGGIE
text: PRENDERGHAST, standing in chains right behind him.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: No!
text: Norman reacts with horror. The "witch" cowering next to
text: him is no more than eleven years-old. Her long hair is
text: unkempt and dirt on her face is streaked with tears from
text: her eyes. Her manacles have been specially made to fit
text: her tiny wrists, and weigh her to the floor. She SNIFFS,
text: scared and confused.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOPKINS
dialog: Do you have anything to say for
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: I was only playing!
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOPKINS
dialog: Aye, with fire! You were speaking
dialog: with the dead!
text: The crowd GASPS and MURMURS fearfully.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOPKINS (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll not risk damnation on these
dialog: good people.
text: The town Sheriff grabs Aggie by the shoulder.
dialog: ParaNorman 73.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: (2) 126
speaker_heading: JUDGE HOPKINS (CONT'D)
dialog: You are to be taken to the place
dialog: of execution where you will be
dialog: hanged by the neck until you be
dialog: dead...
text: Norman shouts out but no one can hear or see him.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Wait! No! You can't do this!
text: The grim-faced Sheriff moves toward Norman and Aggie. She
text: backs away, tears flowing down her face.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: I didn't do anything wrong!
text: A terrible panic comes over her face.
speaker_heading: AGGIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop! Leave me alone or I'll make
dialog: you sorry! I'll make all of you
dialog: sorry!
text: Norman feels unsteady on his feet, the room seeming to
text: spin around him. The faces of the townsfolk, pale and
text: skull-like, swirl around and around, blurring together.
text: In the center of it all, glowing like a bonfire, Aggie
speaker_heading: SCREAMS.
text: The world turns black and Norman collapses in a faint.
dialog: 
dialog: 127 127
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL ARCHIVES - CONTINUOUS
text: NORMAN'S P.O.V. - the high timbers of the hall roof swim
text: into focus, and then faces peering down at him. Skeletal,
text: rotting faces. The dead Puritans are standing around him
text: in a half-circle. He sits up terrified, and looks around,
text: shuffling back across the floorboards on his bottom. The
text: dead villagers stand where they are, staring intently.
text: Norman sits a moment, heart pounding, WHISPERING SHAKILY.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: How could you?! She was just a
dialog: little kid! She was no different
dialog: than me!
text: The Dead Judge takes a step forward.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep away from me!
text: The Dead Judge stops, then opens his horrible mouth and
text: speaks in a guttural voice.
dialog: ParaNorman 74.
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED: 127
speaker_heading: DEAD JUDGE
dialog: You... must... stop... the...
dialog: curse.
text: A beat. Norman is stunned.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What? You don't want to kill me?
text: The Judge shakes his head and points down at the book
text: beside Norman's feet.
speaker_heading: DEAD JUDGE
dialog: You can speak to the dead. To us.
dialog: To her. We need you to read from
dialog: the book to send us all back to
dialog: the grave.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But it didn't work! It's a fairy
dialog: tale! Just a bedtime... story...
text: He narrows his eyes at the Judge.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: That's it, isn't it? A bedtime
dialog: story to keep a little girl asleep
dialog: for another year. And now you need
dialog: my help because I'm the only one
dialog: who can read it to her!
text: He bends down to pick it up. His eyes flash angrily at
text: the zombies and he hurls the burnt book at the Judge. It
text: hits him in the chest and falls to his feet with a THUD.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Here's your book! Try reading it
dialog: yourself!
text: The zombies stare down at the blackened lump of charred
text: paper, and several of them GASP. The Dead Judge's eyes
text: are filled with fear and desperation.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Why did you do it?
speaker_heading: DEAD JUDGE
dialog: We were scared.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Of what?
speaker_heading: DEAD JUDGE
dialog: Of her.
speaker_heading: (GESTURES BEHIND)
dialog: I believed we were doing what was
dialog: right. I was wrong. Now this is
dialog: our punishment.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: ParaNorman 75.
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED: (2) 127
speaker_heading: DEAD JUDGE (CONT'D)
dialog: We thought we knew our way in life
dialog: but in death we are lost.
text: Norman knows they're telling the truth.
speaker_heading: DEAD JUDGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Please help us.
text: Norman looks at the book of fairy tales, lying at his
text: feet. Its pages are curled and blackened, embers still
text: glowing around the hole blown right through it.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Every year someone reads the story
dialog: at her grave. Before me it was Mr
text: Prenderghast, and before him there
dialog: were others, but the curse doesn't
dialog: ever go away. Nothing gets better.
dialog: It's not enough.
text: Norman looks at it a moment, thinking. He knows what he
dialog: has to do.
speaker_heading: DEAD JUDGE
dialog: What will you do?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Something nobody ever did before.
dialog: I've gotta go talk to her.
dialog: 
dialog: 128 128
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: Smeared with soot and COUGHING, the kids are trapped in
text: the lobby. They cower together as burning wood CREAKS and
text: CRACKS all around them. The air is grey and caustic and
text: filled with flakes of charcoal and burning ash.
text: A burning timber GROANS as it splits from the ceiling and
text: tumbles toward the children. They SCREAM and scatter as
text: it hits the floorboards in a shower of glowing sparks.
text: Mitch shouts out from beside a heavy wooden counter top.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Guys! Guys! Under here! Under
dialog: here!
text: The kids scramble beneath the shelter of the counter as
text: more glowing embers rain down around them.
text: Courtney grabs Mitch by the bicep and whispers weakly.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Mitch, if we die tonight, this
dialog: might be the last chance I get to
dialog: tell you how I feel.
dialog: ParaNorman 76.
speaker_heading: 128 CONTINUED: 128
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Uh, well, no. Unless we get
text: brought back as zombies, and then
dialog: technically you'll have longer.
text: Courtney opens her mouth to continue, but her love train
text: is thoroughly derailed by the nearby CRASH of breaking
text: wood, and the archive door beside them CLATTERS to the
dialog: ground.
text: The cowering kids all watch in silent horror as several
text: dark figures limp and shamble out of the smoke and make
text: their way past them across the room. It's the zombies,
text: and they're being led by Norman.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Norman?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Come on! This way!
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: You've gotta be kidding me...
text: Norman, his mouth shielded by his sleeve, heads
text: purposefully toward the front doors.
dialog: 
dialog: 131 131
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - MOMENTS LATER
text: A loud THUD from within the Town Hall causes the gathered
text: crowd outside to GASP, and those closest to the doors to
text: take a few steps back.
text: The crowd GASPS again as the charred front door of the
text: Town Hall is wrenched off its hinges by a huge piece of
text: timber and CRASHES down the steps in a shower of flaming
text: splinters.
text: A ripple of shock runs through the crowd as a number of
text: skeletal figures emerge, SPLUTTERING and WHEEZING through
text: the smoke, shielding their faces from the heat.
text: The gathered crowd are even more aghast when they realize
text: a child is being guided out of the flames by the zombies.
text: Unseen by the crowd, Courtney and the other kids crawl to
text: the splintered opening of the front door, blinking and
text: COUGHING for air.
text: Hooper pulls out her gun and marches toward the zombies.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF HOOPER
dialog: You stay right where you are! You
dialog: may be dead already, but I will
dialog: still shoot you!
dialog: ParaNorman 77.
speaker_heading: 131 CONTINUED: 131
text: The zombies stop on the steps, burning building behind
text: them and the hostile townsfolk in front of them. Norman
text: pushes through and stands firmly in the way of Hooper's
text: gun, arms spread defensively.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Wait!
text: Courtney and the other kids GASP as they watch from
text: within the doorway.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Oh my gosh!
text: Far above, the clouds THUNDER like demonic laughter.
text: Perry steps forward, face red.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Son! Step away from the zombies!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No! I won't!
text: Sandra comes up behind her husband and holds his arm.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Perry, calm down! You're going to
dialog: have a heart attack and then what
dialog: are you going to do?
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: I'll come back and haunt Norman!
dialog: Maybe then he'll start listening
dialog: to me!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No! You don't understand what's
dialog: happening here! I spoke to them
dialog: and it's not what you think!
text: Courtney edges forward out of the doorway, shocked but
text: transfixed.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: The curse isn't about the zombies
dialog: hurting you! It's about you
dialog: hurting them! I figured it out,
dialog: and I know a way to stop this!
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER
dialog: He's in league with them!
text: A few members of the crowd try to push past Perry toward
dialog: the steps.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY DWAYNE
dialog: Let's hang him!
dialog: ParaNorman 78.
speaker_heading: 131 CONTINUED: (2) 131
speaker_heading: GUCCI LADY
dialog: No! We can't hang him, stupid!
dialog: It's the 21st Century!
speaker_heading: DEPUTY DWAYNE
dialog: Then let's burn him!
text: Sandra turns despairingly to the crowd behind her.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Can you stop being a mob for just
dialog: one minute?!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Listen to me!
speaker_heading: CRYSTAL
dialog: Get them before they eat us!
text: Punctuating every shout, the roiling clouds continue to
text: RUMBLE their horrible laughter.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Leave him alone!
text: Courtney suddenly emerges, standing right in front of
text: Norman. Following her lead in true "I'm Spartacus!"
text: fashion, Neil, Mitch and Alvin step forward too, creating
text: a barrier all around him, all joining hands in
dialog: solidarity.
text: CLOSE ON Courtney's face as she hisses sidelong to Alvin.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hand, Alvin! My hand!
text: A ripple of confusion seems to run through the crowd.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Everybody, listen up! You all need
dialog: to stop trying to kill my brother!
dialog: You're adults! Stop it! I know
dialog: that this seems crazy, believe me
dialog: I'm with you on that, but I think
dialog: he does actually know what he's
dialog: talking about!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: All night he's been trying to save
dialog: you from the witch's curse!
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Yeah, and all you want to do is
dialog: burn and murder stuff, burn and
dialog: murder stuff! Just burning and
dialog: murdering!
dialog: ParaNorman 79.
speaker_heading: 131 CONTINUED: (3) 131
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Shame on every single one of you!
dialog: How dare you all!
text: Amongst the crowd, doubt is beginning to show. Even the
text: rumbling clouds have gone quiet.
speaker_heading: CRYSTAL
dialog: So they're not going to hurt us?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No, does it look like any of them
dialog: are trying to hurt you? They're
dialog: just people. At least they used to
dialog: be. Just stupid people who should
dialog: have known better.
text: Norman looks at the line of Puritans. They look quite sad
dialog: and pathetic really. Hardly monstrous at all.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They did something unforgivable
dialog: because they were scared, and they
dialog: were cursed for it. Now it's
dialog: happening all over again. Don't
dialog: you get it? They were just like
dialog: you. But now it has to stop. For
dialog: good.
text: Across the crowd, weapons are being lowered and faces are
text: starting to look a little guilty.
text: There is silence as the modern townsfolk stare at the
text: line of three hundred year-old townsfolk. Throughout the
text: crowd various weapons CLATTER as they hit the ground.
text: A small girl tiptoes up the steps and silently offers one
text: of the zombies his arm back.
text: The quiet is shattered by a deafening SCREAM. It blows
text: out of the storm clouds and whips through the plaza on a
text: hellish wind. The street lamps around the square shatter
text: in bursts of sparks, raining down on the amassed people.
text: The sky above is blood red, clouds twisting and
text: contorting into a vast unnatural vortex.
text: The Town Hall erupts in a fireball, tongues of white fire
text: ROARING out of the embers as the ground shakes and the
text: crowd scatters in terror.
text: Neil turns to Norman as they duck for cover behind a
text: parked car, and SHOUTS over the noise of the wind.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Jeez, what is her problem?
text: Norman takes in the chaos around them...
dialog: ParaNorman 80.
speaker_heading: 131 CONTINUED: (4) 131
text: -An arc of white lightning hits the base of the witch's
text: statue with a CRACK. With a terrible GROAN, the statue is
text: lifted up into the air by the supernatural wind. It
text: CRASHES down at the foot of the Town Hall steps,
text: shattering into a hundred pieces of rubble.
text: -Windows blow out of tacky tourist stores, their cheap
text: front displays ripped apart by the wind.
text: -A bolt of lightning tears through the huge billboard in
text: the plaza, ripping apart the idealized image of the
text: town's history in a spiral of splintered wood.
text: Norman struggles over to where a group of townsfolk and
text: zombies cower from the destruction. Sandra runs over to
text: her son and hugs him.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Oh, Norman!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: So what do we do now?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I... I really don't know...
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Yes you do, Norman! You've got to
dialog: get to that witch's grave!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: But nothing! You listen to me,
dialog: buster, we didn't turn away when
dialog: Daleridge High was slaughtering
dialog: our volleyball team, did we?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I thought we did.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: No we didn't. I've cheered the
dialog: uncheerable, Norman, and I'm not
dialog: letting you give up now!
text: Norman turns to Perry, his eyes all business.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Dad, could I borrow the car?
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Excuse me?
dialog: ParaNorman 81.
speaker_heading: 131 CONTINUED: (5) 131
text: Norman looks squarely at his dad, and the Dead Judge
text: beside him. They exchange uneasy glances.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 132 132
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - CONTINUOUS
text: The Dead Judge sits rigidly between Norman and Courtney
text: in the back of Perry's station wagon, Perry and Sandra in
dialog: the front.
text: Perry drives in silent discomfort following the Judge's
text: instructions through town, glancing in his rear-view
text: mirror at the passengers in the back seat.
text: Sandra takes a small perfume spritzer from her purse as
text: surreptitiously as she can and sprays the air around her.
dialog: 
dialog: 135 135
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREETS - CONTINUOUS
text: The car turns a corner into the path of an overturned
text: truck, caught by the spectral wind. It cartwheels down
text: the middle of the street, tearing up the asphalt.
dialog: 
scene_heading: I/E. STATION WAGON - CONTINUOUS
text: Perry swerves out of its path of destruction.
text: Inside, Sandra cranes her neck around to watch the truck
text: CRASH down the road behind them. She faces front again.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Boy, the traffic tonight!
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Norman! He's on my side of the
dialog: seat!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: She wants you to move over.
text: The Judge MUMBLES.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: I heard that! Mom! Tell the zombie
dialog: to stop saying stuff about me!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Can you quit using the "z" word?
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: So help me I will stop this car
dialog: right now if all three of you
dialog: don't quit it this instant!
dialog: ParaNorman 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: After a moment, the Judge lets out a sepulchral MOAN.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: He says "take a left here".
text: Perry gives a distasteful look, but turns the steering
text: wheel. He peers out through the raging storm, windscreen
text: wiper batting ineffectively at the onslaught of debris.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: We've already been this way. We're
dialog: going around in circles!
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Maybe we should pull over and ask
dialog: someone?
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Oh, right, you think maybe we
dialog: should stop at a graveyard and dig
dialog: up some other eighteenth-century
dialog: corpses?
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: It's not a bad idea.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: I wish I understood you.
dialog: 
dialog: 136 136
scene_heading: I/E. STATION WAGON - CONTINUOUS
text: From the back seat, the Judge turns to Norman and GROANS.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Please don't tell me he needs to
dialog: use the bathroom.
text: Norman listens as the Judge continues GRUMBLING, then
text: leans forward over his father's seat, pointing.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Turn down there!
dialog: 
dialog: 137 137
scene_heading: EXT. OLD FOREST TRAIL - CONTINUOUS
text: The car turns tightly off a secluded road onto a dirt
text: path running into the thick of the surrounding woodland.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Oh my, do you think that's it?
dialog: ParaNorman 83.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 139 EXT. OLD FOREST TRAIL - MOMENTS LATER 139
text: The headlights of the car illuminate a huge fallen trunk
text: ahead along the path, and Perry pulls the car to a stop,
text: wheels CRUNCHING on dirt and roots.
text: Everyone gets out of the car. The trees around them are
text: thick and dense. Aggie's furious storm WHISTLES through
text: the branches far above them.
text: Norman turns to the Dead Judge. The Judge nods solemnly,
text: pointing ahead.
text: Norman steels himself and begins to march forward through
text: the thick brambles, the others following behind.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: So, why are we here?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Someone's gotta talk to her, Dad.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Yeah, um, why's that person you,
dialog: exactly?
text: As they continue, the surrounding trees press in on them,
text: just like in Norman's vision. Branches and thorns lash at
text: their faces while thick roots entangle their feet.
text: Norman's family are falling behind and realize too late
text: that the encroaching trees are about to crush Norman.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Oh my goodness, look out!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Mom!
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Perry! Do something!
text: Perry is finding it difficult to move; a tree bears down
text: on him, its roots snagging his thrashing limbs.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: I'm trying!
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Kick it in the knothole!
text: Norman hops nimbly between two huge trunks as they SMASH
text: together, blocking off the way ahead with gnarled wood.
text: Sandra struggles free and shouts over the branches.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Norman?!
dialog: ParaNorman 84.
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: 139
speaker_heading: NORMAN (O.S.)
dialog: I'm okay Mom! Wait for me here!
dialog: Don't worry!
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Be careful!
text: Now separated from the others, Norman turns to go ahead
text: on his own. Ahead of him a phosphorescent glow shines off
text: the trees, and he knows he is very close.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 140 140
scene_heading: EXT. OLD FOREST CLEARING - CONTINUOUS
text: Exhausted but determined, Norman finds the source of the
text: supernatural storm; a clearing sculpted out of the forest
text: by Aggie's fury.
text: In the center of it all is the tree, bleached white as
text: bone and grotesquely twisted. The trees around it CREAK
dialog: and GROAN as though they'd like to uproot and plant
text: themselves someplace else.
text: Beneath this tree lie Aggie's remains, buried three
text: hundred years ago. Now a mess of roots and rocks open out
text: like an ugly wound, and within them a tiny childlike
text: figure is barely visible through a spitting furnace of
text: spectral energy. Ectoplasm rages up around the tree's
text: finger-like branches like a mushroom cloud of negative
text: energy. It's a child's tantrum turned atomic.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hello?
text: Words echo around him in response.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: You're not welcome here. Go away.
text: Norman shivers as the voice RUMBLES coldly.
text: The raging wind intensifies as Norman turns back around.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Uh... I really need to speak with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'm Norman. Norman Babcock. You
dialog: don't actually know me, but I know
dialog: you. We're actually kind of the
dialog: same, you and I.
text: Norman takes another step closer, ducking as petrified
text: branches and rocks fly over his head on the wind.
dialog: ParaNorman 85.
speaker_heading: 140 CONTINUED: 140
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: You're not dead.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Well, no, apart from that.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: And you're a boy.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Well, yes, that too.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: You're not like me at all.
text: Norman hesitates, knowing he's on dangerous ground.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Well, I know how you feel?
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: No you don't. You don't know
dialog: anything about me.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I know your name is Agatha
text: Prenderghast.
text: The ghostly voice wavers for the first time.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: And I know you're probably tired.
dialog: Right? Because, I mean, it's
dialog: really late and it's been a long
dialog: night and we're, like, only eleven
dialog: years-old, and...
text: The voice snaps back like a clap of thunder.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: I don't want to go to sleep, and
dialog: you can't make me! I burnt the
dialog: book into dust, and now I don't
dialog: have to listen to that stupid
dialog: story any more! Leave me alone!
text: Norman is terrified, but advances on the tree, the rocks
text: under his feet churning.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No. I'm not leaving. Just listen
dialog: to me.
dialog: (takes a breath)
dialog: Uh... once upon a time... long
dialog: ago... there was a little girl...
dialog: ParaNorman 86.
speaker_heading: 140 CONTINUED: (2) 140
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: A little girl who was different
dialog: from the other people in her
dialog: village.
text: The voice chants petulantly over him as if putting its
text: demonic fingers in its ears.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: I'm not listening! LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-
dialog: LAAA!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: She could see and do things that
dialog: no one could understand, and that
dialog: made them scared of her.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: I don't like this story!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: She turned away from everyone, and
dialog: became sad and lonely, and had no
dialog: one to turn to.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: Stop it!
text: If Aggie weren't floating three feet above the ground,
text: she'd be stamping her feet. Her voice blows bits of bark
text: off the surrounding trees.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But the more she turned away from
dialog: people, the more scared they were
dialog: of her, and they did something
dialog: terrible!
text: Arcs of white energy CRACKLE through the air. Where they
text: hit the ground, they send up white flames.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They became so scared that they
dialog: took her away and killed her!
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But even though she was dead
text: something in her came back.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: Stop!
dialog: ParaNorman 87.
speaker_heading: 140 CONTINUED: (3) 140
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: And this part of her wouldn't go
dialog: away, not for three hundred
dialog: years...
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: And the longer it stayed, the less
dialog: there was of the little girl!
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: I'll make you suffer!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Why?
text: Aggie goes to shout, but stops, unsure of her answer.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: Because... because...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Because you want everyone to hurt
dialog: just as much as you are! So
dialog: whenever you wake up you play this
dialog: mean game, but you don't play
dialog: fair!
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: They hurt me!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: So you hurt them back?
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: I wanted everyone to see how
dialog: rotten they were!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You're just like them, Agatha.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: No I'm not!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You're a bully.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: No I'm not!
text: Norman has almost reached the eye of the storm. The world
text: behind him is a whirling torrent of burning white chaos.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: They did something awful, but that
dialog: doesn't mean you should too!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: ParaNorman 88.
speaker_heading: 140 CONTINUED: (4) 140
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: All that's left of you now is mean
dialog: and horrible!
text: He sees her clearly now. True, she is floating above the
text: ground, and her hair is writhing madly about her, and
text: plumes of spectral fire are pouring off her body, but
text: she's still just a little girl underneath.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: That's not true!
text: Norman climbs up a tree root, Aggie's flames searing his
text: skin and clothes as he gets close enough to touch her.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Then stop. This is wrong and you
dialog: know it! You've spent so long
dialog: remembering the bad people that
dialog: you've forgotten the good ones.
dialog: There must have been someone who
dialog: loved you and cared for you. You
dialog: don't remember them?
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: Leave me alone!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But you're not alone! You have to
dialog: remember!
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: Keep away from me!
text: Norman reaches the end of the root and jumps. His
text: outstretched fingers shake madly as they approach Aggie's
text: tiny hand, as though the air is fighting against him.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Remember!
text: There is a flash of white, and silence.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 141 141
scene_heading: EXT. NEW FOREST CLEARING - BRIGHT SUNNY DAY
text: Dappled sunlight falls through shimmering leaves and
text: blossoms. Norman and Aggie are standing in thick grass,
text: replete with wild flowers, the dead white tree now quite
text: alive and blossoming behind them.
text: Aggie is no longer an indistinct specter, but flesh and
text: blood and as real as Norman. She stares down at her hand
text: as Norman holds it gently by the end of her finger.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: Aggie. My name was Aggie.
dialog: ParaNorman 89.
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: 141
text: A brightly-colored butterfly flutters between them. Aggie
text: starts to remember as she follows its flight.
speaker_heading: AGGIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I... I remember my mommy brought
dialog: me here once. We sat under the
dialog: tree and she told me stories. They
dialog: all had happy endings.
speaker_heading: (BROW FURROWS)
dialog: And then those horrible men came
dialog: and took me away and I never saw
dialog: her again!
text: She scowls angrily at the butterfly flitting past her
text: face. It instantly crumples up into ashes. Surprised, she
text: GASPS and watches the blackened dust fall to the ground.
text: There's anger in Aggie, but there is confusion, sadness
text: and regret there too. She isn't quite so scary anymore.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Sometimes when people get scared
dialog: they say and do terrible things. I
dialog: think you got so scared, that you
dialog: forgot who you are. But I don't
dialog: think you're a witch. Not really.
text: Aggie looks into his eyes.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: You don't?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I think you're just a little kid
dialog: with a really special gift who
dialog: only ever wanted people to
dialog: understand her.
text: He smiles softly.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: So we're not all that different at
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: But what about the people who hurt
dialog: you? Don't you ever want to make
dialog: them suffer?
text: Norman thinks this over, and shrugs.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Well, yeah, but what good would
dialog: that do? You think just because
dialog: there's bad people out there that
dialog: there's no good ones either? I
dialog: thought the same thing.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: ParaNorman 90.
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: (2) 141
speaker_heading: NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: For a while. But there's always
dialog: someone out there for you.
dialog: Somewhere.
text: Aggie frowns, looking lost.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: I just want my mommy...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'm sorry, Aggie. She's gone.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: That story you were telling. How
dialog: does it end?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I think that's up to you.
text: Aggie blinks through tears at the grass beneath her feet.
speaker_heading: AGGIE
dialog: Is this where they buried me?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It's a pretty good place to sleep.
dialog: Then you can be with your mom
dialog: again.
text: Aggie holds Norman's gaze, then looks down to the ground,
text: her tiny frame heaving with a last SOB. She sits down on
text: the grass and curls up, resting her head on her hands.
text: Norman kneels down next to her as she closes her eyes.
text: Her breathing grows deeper and more peaceful; her tiny
text: frame shifting softly under her long hair.
text: The air around them grows blurry and indistinct. Aggie
text: softens as though out of focus, and the whole world
text: becomes a swirling dance of glowing orbs. Norman closes
text: his eyes as a blizzard of light engulfs him, spiraling up
text: into the clouds high above his head.
text: Lightning flashes white far above and thunder RUMBLES
text: softly through the sky, as if moving away.
dialog: 
dialog: 143 143
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: The zombies form a group in the center of the square, all
text: of them looking up into the clouds. The people around
text: them stop and stare, awestruck as a breeze buffets their
text: clothes and the air around them begins to shimmer.
text: As the modern townsfolk watch on, some of the zombies
text: take each others' arms for support. Those with eyelids
text: close them. One by one their bodies dissolve away,
text: leaving ethereal figures in their place.
dialog: ParaNorman 91.
speaker_heading: 143 CONTINUED: 143
text: For a moment they float where they stood, ghostly
dialog: apparitions of the people they once were before the
text: curse. They stare sadly out at their flesh and blood
text: descendents, and in an instant become just specks of
text: light that are caught by the breeze and carried out of
dialog: sight.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 142 142
scene_heading: EXT. OLD FOREST CLEARING - NIGHT
text: Norman blinks open his eyes, taking a moment to survey
text: the scene around him.
text: He sits upon the upturned root of the tree, the earth
text: around broken and twisted, a testament to what has
text: happened. He looks up into the sky and gives a sad smile.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Sleep tight.
text: He clambers down through the roots back toward the path.
dialog: 
dialog: 144 144
scene_heading: EXT. OLD FOREST TRAIL - CONTINUOUS
text: Norman wearily walks through the splintered roots to find
text: his family. Sandra shouts out when she sees him.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: Norman? Norman!
text: Sandra runs over to him and scoops him up in her arms,
text: hugging him tightly.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK (CONT'D)
dialog: My brave little man! I thought I
dialog: was going to lose you!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Mom, you're embarrassing me.
speaker_heading: SANDRA BABCOCK
dialog: That's my job.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Good job, Norman.
text: Perry takes a deep breath and looks at his son. There is
text: relief and a hint of admiration in his eyes.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Well done, Son. You did it.
text: The Judge, stood some way behind them, lets out a GROAN,
text: and the Babcocks turn to look at him.
dialog: ParaNorman 92.
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: 144
text: They watch in awe as the Judge begins to turn to dust,
text: his ragged clothes and decayed body dissolving in the
text: rain. For barely a moment a shimmering ghostly figure is
text: left behind, an image of the man that once was. The
text: spirit blinks sorrowful eyes, then becomes nothing more
text: than a million glowing fragments dissipating on the
dialog: breeze.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 146B 146B
scene_heading: EXT. NEW TOWN HALL - LATER
text: The sky has lost its lurid pall, and the clouds are now
text: lighter and less menacing.
text: In the Town Square, clusters of townsfolk are trying to
text: come to terms with the night's events.
text: Norman weaves through the crowd away from the Babcock's
text: station wagon, searching for Neil. He hears small
text: snippets of conversation as he goes.
text: Dwayne waves his notebook under Hooper's nose.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY DWAYNE
dialog: So, uh, are we gonna need
dialog: statements?
text: She slaps it out of his hand.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY DWAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ow! That was my finger nail.
text: Slob Guy, Crystal and Mrs Henscher are convincing each
dialog: other of their excuses.
speaker_heading: MRS HENSCHER
dialog: You know what it's like. You join
dialog: a mob and you say things. I was
text: merely inhabiting the role.
speaker_heading: SLOB GUY
dialog: Yeah, it was the others. They
dialog: pushed me into it.
text: Norman smiles as he passes Alvin, regaling a bunch of
dialog: teenagers.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Yeah, me and Norman are in a lot
dialog: of the same classes. Pretty much
dialog: inseparable. Best buds. And we do
dialog: a lot of psychic investigations
dialog: together. We have a blog actually,
dialog: you should check it out.
text: Nearby, Courtney wastes no time cozying up to Mitch.
dialog: ParaNorman 93.
speaker_heading: 146B CONTINUED: 146B
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: So I was thinking, maybe we could
dialog: catch a movie sometime? Nothing
dialog: scary.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: That sounds great, Kathy! Y'know,
dialog: you're gonna love my boyfriend!
dialog: He's like a total chick-flick nut!
text: Courtney stares at him, at a loss for words, then
text: successfully reads between the lines and turns away
scene_heading: MUTTERING.
text: Norman eventually finds Neil sat upon the witch statue's
text: broken plinth, attempting to piece it back together
text: pebble by pebble.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hey Neil.
text: He climbs up beside his friend, who beams at him
text: gleefully.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: You did it! You stopped the
dialog: witch's curse and made the zombies
dialog: go away and saved pretty much
dialog: everything!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I guess. I just wanted to say
dialog: thanks. You stood by me. All the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Yeah, of course. Don't get weird
dialog: or anything. So you think now
dialog: everything's gonna turn back to
dialog: normal?
text: Norman looks across the square. The smoldering buildings,
text: the fallen signposts, the warped trees, the rubble...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: As normal as it could be.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 148 148
scene_heading: INT. BABCOCK'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Norman sits on the floor in front of the TV. A news
text: report shows the wrecked Main Street with the headline
text: "TOURIST TOWN HIT BY MYSTERY TORNADO".
text: Perry enters the room, and Norman quickly changes the
text: channel on the TV to a noisy monster movie.
dialog: ParaNorman 94.
speaker_heading: 148 CONTINUED: 148
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Son.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Hi Dad.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: What're you watching?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: A scary movie.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK
dialog: Your, uh, your grandma here is
dialog: she?
text: Norman looks around and sees his father and grandmother
text: sitting side by side on the sofa. He nods.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Right. Of course she is.
text: Perry tries his best to maintain his composure, and
text: wriggles a little in his seat.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Is she... Is she sitting next to
dialog: me?
text: Norman nods. Perry "hem-hems" and turns awkwardly to face
text: her, nose to ear. She doesn't seem to notice.
speaker_heading: PERRY BABCOCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi Mom.
text: Perry tries to downplay his discomfort and turns back to
text: concentrate on the movie his son is watching.
text: Sandra and Courtney enter from the kitchen carrying
text: snacks. Sandra takes a seat on an armchair and Courtney
text: lies down on the floor beside her brother, munching
text: popcorn. They all settle in to watch the movie.
text: A beat, then Perry and Grandma speak at the same time.
scene_heading: PERRY BABCOCK (CONT'D) GRANDMA BABCOCK
dialog: So what's happening now? So what's happening now?
text: Norman sits as he is, facing the TV, and grins.
text: THE END.
dialog: 
dialog: 
