dialog: @
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: "PATTON"
dialog: Screenplay
dialog: by
speaker_heading: FRANCIS FORD COPPOLA
dialog: and
speaker_heading: EDMUND H. NORTH
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT
dialog: February 1, 1009
speaker_heading: “PATTON”
dialog: (NOTE: All scenes in which
dialog: Germans speak will be shot in
dialog: German, with English subtitles.)
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT, PLATFORM - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: Our entire frame is filled with the image of an American
text: flag, stretched tight. We hear a jumble of conversation
dialog: in the b.g.3; then:
speaker_heading: _ VOICE
dialog: {o.s.)
dialog: At-ten-shun!
text: Now we hear the click of hundreds of boots. GENERAL
text: GEORGE S. PATTON, JR. steps into our view; more than
text: six feet tall, he looms high against the b.g. of the
text: flag. He glares down at us, the audience.
text: A MILITARY BAND plays THE STAR SPANGLED BANNER, Patton
text: comes to a smart salute, and we watch him for the dura-
text: tion of the entire anthem. He is straight and husky and
text: as gaudy as a peacock. His helmet is lacquered and
text: shines with four silver stars. He wears a tailored tunic,
text: with four stars on each shoulder, thirty brightly hued
text: decorations on the left breast, five horizontal and three
text: diagonal gold stripes on the sleeve. Beneath the tunic,
text: he wears a shirt with four stars on each lapel, making a
text: total of twenty stars. A vivid blue sash is draped
text: across his breast, parallel to one of yellow, A red
text: collar sash weighted by another medal hangs from his neck.
text: The rest of his costume consists of a gold-buckled belt,
text: with his ivory-handled pistols on either side, riding
text: breeches, boots, and a riding crop. Four stars on the
text: handle of his pistols brings the grand total to twenty-
text: eight stars. On his fingers he wears four conspicuous
dialog: rings.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF CUTS
text: As the anthem continues, we cut to a series of tight
text: shots featuring various aspects of Patton's uniform and
text: decorations -- emphasizing the clusters of stars on his
text: shoulders, his shirt, his pistols.
dialog: 66
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
text: The anthem concludes and he completes his salute. Now
dialog: this twenty-eight-star general scans us carefully. In
text: & vibrant voice, and with a cold, mean look, he speaks
dialog: directly at us:
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: At ease, men. I want you to remember
dialog: that no bastard ever won a war by
dialog: dying for his country, He won it by
dialog: making the other poor dumb bastard
dialog: die for his country... Men, the stuff
dialog: we heard about America not wanting
dialog: to fight, wanting to stay out of the
dialog: war, was a lot of horsedung. Americans
dialog: traditionally love to fight. All real
dialog: Americans love the sting of battle.
dialog: When you were kids you all admired the
dialog: champion marble player, the fastest
dialog: runner, the big league ballplayers, the
dialog: toughest boxers. Americans love a
dialog: . Winner and do not tolerate a loser.
dialog: Americans play to win all the time.
dialog: I wouldn't give a hoot in hell for a
dialog: man who lost and laughed. That's why
dialog: Americans have never lost, and will
dialog: never lose a war, for the very thought
dialog: of losing is hateful to Americans,
text: An army is a team. It lives, sleeps,
text: eats, fights as a team. This individu-
dialog: ality stuff is a lot of crap. The
dialog: bilious bastards who wrote that stuff
dialog: about individuality for the Saturday
dialog: Evening Post don't know any more about
dialog: real battle than they do about a sock
dialog: full of silt. We have the finest
dialog: food, equipment, the best spirit and
dialog: men in the world. Why, by God, I
dialog: actually pity those poor bastards
dialog: we're going against -- by God, I do,
dialog: We won't just shoot the bastards.
dialog: We're going to cut out their living
dialog: guts and use them to grease the
dialog: treads of our tanks. We're going to
dialog: murder those lousy Hun bastards by
dialog: the bushel. Many of you boys are
dialog: wondering whether you'll chicken out
dialog: under fire. Don't worry about it;
dialog: I can assure you you will all do your
dialog: duty. The Nazis are the enemy. Wade
text: into them and spill their blood,
dialog: Shoot them in the belly. When you
dialog: stick your hand into a bunch of goo
dialog: that a moment before was your best
dialog: friend's face...you'li know what to
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 
dialog: @
dialog: 66
dialog: 9 Cont.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: PATTON (Cont. )
dialog: do. There's another thing I want you
dialog: to remember. I don't want to get any
dialog: messages saying: 'We are holding our
dialog: position.' We're not holding anything.
dialog: Let the Hun do that. We are advancing
dialog: constantly and are not interested in
dialog: holding anything, except onto the
dialog: enemy. We're going to hold onto him
text: by the nose and kick him in the ass.
dialog: We'll kick the hell out of him all
dialog: the time. We'll go through them like
text: crap through a goose.
dialog: pause)
dialog: There's one thing you men will be able
dialog: to say when you get home. You may all
dialog: thank God for it, Thirty years from
dialog: now, when you are sitting around the
dialog: fireside with your grandson on your
dialog: knee and he asks what you did in the
dialog: great World War II, you won't have to
dialog: say, 'I shoveled shit in Louvisiana.'
dialog: (pause)
dialog: All right -- now you sonsuvbitches
dialog: kmow how I feel. I will be proud to
dialog: lead you wonderful guys into battle
dialog: anytime, anywhere
text: He stares sincerely, almost wet-eyed at us for a moment.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: That is all.
speaker_heading: —_—
scene_heading: NOTE: TITLES TO RUN OVER SCENES 10 - 12
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT NEAR KASSERINE - EXTREME LONG SHOT - DAY
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: NORTH AFRICA - THE KASSERINE PASS -
speaker_heading: FEBRUARY, 1943
text: We view the enormous sloping desert, baking hot in the
text: midday sun. Tanks, half-tracks and self-propelled
text: artillery are spread about in the distance. Scattered
text: over the hot sands are the bodies of dead Americans,
text: Arab women and children, dressed in brightly colored
text: costumes, scavenge the uniforms, boots and equipment
text: and pack them on heavily laden cameis.
dialog: a
dialog: 5
dialog: 66
dialog: il
dialog: 12
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - ARAB WOMEN
text: One woman, an infant strapped to her back and a small
text: child helping her, strips a soldier totally naked and
text: hurries the precious belongings to the camel pack. The
dialog: women work quickly and silently; there are no games, no
dialog: joking, no playing with the treasure.
text: We hear the sound of motor vehicles approaching.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Shimmering in the rising heat waves, two jeeps come into
text: scene and pull up to a halt. In the rear are two American
text: generals and, beside the Driver, a Captain who carries
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 12 Cont.
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
text: a submachine gun. The Major General carries a Springfield
text: '03 rifle across his lap. In the other jeep is Bradley's
text: Second Aide, who carries a bazooka. The Captain fires a
text: burst of his submachine gun into the air to frighten off
text: the Arab women, and they scurry toward their camels.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MAJOR GENERAL
text: He shields his eyes from the sun as he rises to study the
text: battlefield grimly. He is a tall, lanky, gentle-looking
text: man. His face has great strength, but his eyes reflect
dialog: wisdom and understanding.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: MAJOR GENERAL OMAR N. BRADLEY,
scene_heading: REPRESENTATIVE OF GENERAL EISENHOWER
dialog: (NOTE: Bradley will carry @ Springfield in Africa, a
dialog: carbine in Sicily and a .45 in Europe.)
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CAPTAIN
text: He is a man in his mid-twenties. He, too, is affected by
text: the scene of carnage.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: CAPTAIN CHESTER B. HANSEN,
scene_heading: AIDE TO GENERAL BRADLEY
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - THEIR P.0.V.
text: As the camera pans across the bitter scene, the Arab
text: women melt into the arid folds of the desert.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - REAR OF COMMAND CAR
text: Beside Bradley is BRIGADIER GENERAL CARVER. {Fictitious
dialog: character -- no subtitle.) Since he participated in the
text: debacle, he is diffident about commenting on it --
dialog: especially to a representative of General Eisenhower.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: The Arabs need food and clothing.
dialog: They strip our dead before we can
dialog: even bury them. .
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (studying the scene)
dialog: Looks like the reports were accurate.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: (consulting a pad)
dialog: Sixty-one armored vehicles -- forty-
dialog: five tons of ammunition -- twenty-
text: five 40mm guns -- three self-propelled
dialog: 105s. Not counting mortars, machine
text: guns, rifles, pistols, telescopes,
dialog: belt buckles, GI socks.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 16 Cont.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: CARVER (Cont. )
dialog: (uneasily)
dialog: And one thousand eight hundred men.
text: Bradley's gaze goes back to the silent battlefield.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE BATTLEFIELD
text: Camera explores the stark horror of the silent, deserted
dialog: killing ground.
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE GROUND AT MARRAKECH - MED. CLOSE SHOT -
scene_heading: MOUNTED KETTLEDRUMMER - DAY
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: MARRAKECH -- MOROCCO - 1943
text: The exotically caparisoned mounted Drummer filis the
text: screen as he beats his two huge instruments with a
dialog: flourish. Visually as well as auditorially, this is in
text: sharpest contrast to the preceding scene. A military
text: band of about one hundred pieces is blaring out a
text: martial air.
text: Camera pulls back to reveal the entire mounted band of
dialog: a@ Moroccan regiment of Chasseurs-a-Cheval, with their
text: sheep mascot and bell-covered umbrella. Lined up behind
text: the band is the regiment, in scarlet uniforms, white
text: capes and turbans.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - REVIEWING STAND
text: The colorfully garbed SULTAN addresses General Patton,
text: whose uniform and decorations are only slightly less
dialog: bizarre than those about him.
speaker_heading: SULTAN
dialog: My people salute you, General --
dialog: for your brilliant amphibious
dialog: landing on the continent of Africa
dialog: -- and for your enlightened
dialog: administration of my country.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I've enjoyed being here,
dialog: Your Excellency. But naturally I'd
dialog: prefer to be up at the front in
dialog: Tunisia fighting Germans.
text: The Sultan nods, places the ribbon of a large disc-shaped
text: decoration around Patton's neck,
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - SULTAN AND PATTON
speaker_heading: SULTAN
dialog: (reading inscription)
dialog: 'The lions in their dens tremble at
dialog: his approach',
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 20 Cont.
dialog: al
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: a4
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
text: Patton glances down, eyes the decoration.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (with genuine pride)
dialog: I appreciate that, Your Excellency.
text: There is a fanfare from
text: the band and they turn to watch.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - PARADE GROUND
text: Playing a stirring march
dialog: review, followed by the
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - PATTON AND S
text: » the band moves out to pass in
dialog: colorful Chasseurs,
speaker_heading: ULTAN
text: With Patton's party is LIEUTENANT COLONEL HENRY DAVENPORS,
dialog: (fictitious character --
dialog: no subtitle). At Patton's
text: side is his Aide, CAPWAIN RICHARD N. JENSON. Patton is
text: both fascinated and impressed by the color and the
dialog: pageantry.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT
text: On the parade ground, a
dialog: battalion of French territorial
text: infantry in white uniforms passes in review, followed by
dialog: Moroccan infantry with +
text: are bristling with excit
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The strutting commander
dialog: battalion of Legionnaire
dialog: red epaulets,
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - PARADE GROUN
dialog: The Legion contingent is
dialog: dressed units -- French
text: with flowing capes. The
text: man carries a huge knife
dialog: suggest the romantic mil
dialog: he red Fourragere, The streets
dialog: ed spectators.
dialog: of the Foreign Legion, leading a
dialog: s in traditional white caps and
speaker_heading: iD
dialog: followed by other exotically
dialog: Senegalese, Goums on horseback
dialog: y are fierce-looking and each
dialog: - These French colonial troops
text: itary splendor of the past.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - PATTON AND JENSON
text: Patton is clearly moved.
text: This is his dish of tea.
dialog: Cont,
dialog: 26 Cont.
dialog: A-26
dialog: B-26
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (fervently)
dialog: Magnificent!
dialog: (to Jenson)
dialog: I wish our troops looked like that!
text: He and the Sultan return the salute of the unit passing.
speaker_heading: SULTAN
dialog: Tell me, General what do you think
dialog: of Marrakech?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I love it, Your Excellency. It's
dialog: a combination of Hollywood and the
dialog: Bible.
scene_heading: EXT, GERMAN POW ENCLOSURE - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Camera moves, with barbed wire fence in f.g., along the
text: outside of the POW cage, picking up the faces of the
text: American prisoners inside. They are a grim, bearded,
text: dirty and dejected lot.
text: Camera picks up an immaculate Africa Corps staff COLONEL
text: striding along outside the wire carrying a briefcase.
text: We follow him as he crosses to a command car in which is
text: seated a German Field Marshal, surrounded by aides and
dialog: staff officers.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT AT COMMAND CAR
text: ROMMEL, goggles on chest, is studying a map on which an
text: officer is pointing out dispositions.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: FIELD MARSHAL ERWIN ROMMEL,
speaker_heading: COMMANDER, AFRICA CORPS
text: The staff Colonel comes into scene, presents himself to
dialog: Rommel.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Heil Hitler!
text: He gets no response from Rommel,
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: You wanted to see the interrogation
dialog: reports on the American prisoners
dialog: captured in our victory at Kasserine,
dialog: Field Marshal.
dialog: (he bands the briefcase
dialog: to Rommel's aide)
dialog: They are not very good soldiers,
dialog: these Americans.
text: Unimpressed, Rommel is incisive, thoughtful. He gives
text: the Colonel a sharp giance.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: >
dialog: 66
dialog: B-26 Cont.
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: ROMMEL
dialog: I wouldn't be so sure after one
dialog: battle. Their tanks were no match
dialog: for our guns.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: One could say the same, sir, for
dialog: their leadership.
text: Rommel eyes the Colonel evenly. He's not that easily
dialog: flattered. .
speaker_heading: ROMMEL
dialog: They were not under American command
dialog: at Kasserine. They were under British
dialog: General Anderson -- did you know that?
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (undaunted, he smiles)
dialog: British commanders and American
dialog: troops. They had the worst of
dialog: everything!
speaker_heading: ROMMEL
dialog: I remind you that Montgomery is
dialog: a British commander. And he has
dialog: driven us halfway across Africa.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: In any case, we have met the
dialog: Americans for the first time and
dialog: defeated them... Personally, I
dialog: feel extremely optimistic.
text: Rommel eyes him with dry disdain.
speaker_heading: ROMMEL
dialog: You can afford to be an optimist.
dialog: I can't.
scene_heading: EXT, U.S. II CORPS HEADQUARTERS, DJEBEL KOUIF TOWN SQUARE -
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - DAY
text: The jeep bearing Bradley, Carver and Hansen drives up in
text: front of the headquarters. Lounging dejectedly outside
text: is a group of unkempt GIs, Bearded and unsoldierly, they
text: Straggle to their feet, some managing a ragged salute.
text: It is clearly e unit without discipline or morale, a unit
dialog: that's suffered defeat.
text: Bradley and Carver return the salutes as they step out
text: of the jeep. Bradley studies the soldiers closely as the
text: jeep pulls away and Hansen goes on inside.
dialog: 66
dialog: 28
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BRADLEY AND CARVER
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
text: (quietly, as he eyes
dialog: the soldiers)
dialog: These men fight at Kasserine?
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: (uneasily)
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Bradley moves to go inside, changes his mind, turns to
text: Carver, asking for frankness.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: John, General Eisenhower sent me down
dialog: here to make a report and I've got
dialog: to lay it on the line. What went
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: Everything. Second-rate ta --
dialog: bad intelligence -- green troops...
dialog: So green some of the boys marked
dialog: our mine fields for their own
dialog: protection and forgot to take the
text: flags down.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (eyeing him shrewdly)
dialog: Green commanders, too?
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: For the American Army to take a
dialog: licking like that our first time
dialog: at bat against the Germans --
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: Up against Rommel we need the best
dialog: tank man we've got. Somebody tough
dialog: enough to pull this outfit together.
speaker_heading: CARVER
text: (with a quick, apprehensive
dialog: glance)
dialog: George Patton?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (enigmatic)
dialog: Possibly --
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: God help us.
dialog: 66
dialog: 29
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT - EXTREME FULL VIEW - DAWN
text: We see the distant apparition of a chain of military
text: vehicles kicking up the dust as it speeds along the
text: desert, silhouetted before a great rising rosy sun.
text: A siren wails, coming out of nowhere and growing louder
text: and louder, until the half-track, with banners flying
text: and machine guns fore and aft, comes at us as ostenta~
text: tiously as a fire engine.
dialog: 66
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: General Patton, in a bulky trench coat, stands upright
text: in the armored car, his face grimacing into the wind,
text: a Caesar in his chariot.
scene_heading: EXT, DJEBEL KOUIF TOWN SQUARE - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: The caravan roars into the decrepit square opposite the
dialog: schoolhouse that serves as II Corps Headquarters. Arabs
text: scurry through the streets in the midst of & cackling
text: exodus of camels and chickens.
scene_heading: ANOTHER. ANGLE
text: The caravan comes to a halt before the schoolhouse where
text: a single SENTRY stands sloppily at his post. Patton
text: steps over the side of his car, followed by a Lieutenant
dialog: and a Captain.
text: Patton regards the town square and the scruffy-looking
text: soldiers lounging in it, his face frozen in the same
text: expression as when it was blown by the wind.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S P.O.V.
text: Groups of unshaven GIs, wearing sweaters and field Jackets,
text: yawning and indescribably slack, pyll themselves to their
text: feet. Most of them manage a ragged series of salutes.
text: Others simply watch with mild curiosity.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
text: His jaw tightens, his eyes begin to flash.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - CAPTAIN AND LIEUTENANT
text: They eye the General apprehensively. Jenson is a young
text: man, STILLER in his mid-forties.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: CAPTAIN RICHARD N. JENSON
scene_heading: AND LIEUTENANT ALEXANDER C, STILLER,
text: AIDES TO GENERAL PATTON
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
text: Eyes flashing, rage barely under control, he draws him-
text: self up and snaps off an ultrasmart salute to the ragged
text: crew, Turning on his heel, he passes a crudely built
text: Sign designating II Corps Headquarters, on which a chicken
text: squats. Nearby an Arab peddler leans, unimpressed, against
text: a pen of chickens.
dialog: —_
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 66
dialog: 12
scene_heading: ANGLE AT ENTRANCE II CORPS HEADQUARTERS
text: The Sentry, without tie and needing a shave, pulls him-
text: self to attention as Patton approaches. The man manages
text: a salute, then stares at Patton with a sleck-jawed and
text: not unfriendly smile.
text: Patton's eyes widen. Incapable of speech, there issues
text: from within. him a volcanic rumble that is almost a retch.
text: Failing to return the man's salute, he strides into the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: Sentry, .where's the Duty Officer?
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Sir, I don!t rightly know.
speaker_heading: . JENSON
dialog: Is he in the building?
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Sir, I'm under the impression he
dialog: is not.
text: Visibly irritated, Jenson goes on into the building,
text: following Stiller.
scene_heading: INT. II CORPS HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Jenson follows Stiller down the corridor, which is quite
text: dark because the blackout curtains have not yet been
text: pulled open. Patton can be seen down the corridor,
text: opening doors, glancing inside, slamming them shut again,
text: He opens a map room door and steps inside, followed by
dialog: Stiller.
scene_heading: INT. MAP ROOM - FULL SHOT
text: Seated in the map room is a young SECOND’ LIEUTENANT,
text: smiling contentedly, his feet up on a table, reading ae
text: magazine. Seeing Patton and Stiller, he nervously hops
dialog: to attention.
speaker_heading: STILLER
dialog: What are you doing, Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Well, sir, I -- I'm on Map Room
dialog: duty, sir,
speaker_heading: STILLER
dialog: That your map?
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 12
dialog: 39 Cont.
dialog: 4o
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (tossing magazine
dialog: aside
dialog: No, sir -- it's definitely not
dialog: amap, sir.
text: Patton turns and strides out, followed by Stiller.
scene_heading: INT, ANOTHER OFFICE - FULL SHOT
text: as Jenson enters. There are several desks in the make-
text: shift office, at one of which sits a sleeping LIEUTENANT.
text: A SERGEANT concentrates intently on a solitaire layout.
text: Patton and Stiller appear in the corridor outside, pause
text: to overhear the conversation.
speaker_heading: JENSON
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT!
text: The Lieutenant pops upright, pulls himself to his feet.
text: The Sergeant merely looks up; he's seen a lot of captains.
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Where's the Duty Officer?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Sir, he -- I think he's at his
text: quarters, shaving.
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: Why isn't he here on duty?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: I guess he needed a shave.
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: We've got a new commanding general
dialog: due in today.
text: Patton appears in the doorway, his face looking like a
text: storm at sea. The Lieutenant instantly loses his grin.
text: He hits a rigid attention, yells at the card-playing
dialog: Sergeant.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (frenziedly)
dialog: Forbes! Snap to!
text: Patton turns on his heel with a growl of rage and disappears.
scene_heading: INT, CORRIDOR - FOLLOWING PATTON
text: He angrily moves down the dark corridor. We move faster
text: and faster to keep up with him, until there is a dull
text: clunk and Patton practically falls flat on his face. We
text: hear a groan and then:
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 43
dialog: 41 Cont.
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Who the hell's kicking me in the butt!
text: A PRIVATE, who had been curled asleep on the corridor floor,
text: rises, about to punch whomever it was in the nose, when he
text: realizes that he is face to face with General Patton.
speaker_heading: PRIVATE
dialog: (coming to a salute)
dialog: Oh! Sorry, sir.
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: What were you doing down there,
dialog: soldier?
speaker_heading: PRIVATE
dialog: (decisively)
dialog: Trying to get some sleep, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON.
dialog: Well, get the hell back down there,
dialog: son. You're the only sonuvabitch
dialog: in this headquarters who knows what
dialog: he's trying to do!
speaker_heading: PRIVATE
dialog: Yessir.
scene_heading: INT, STAIRWAY AND SECOND-FLOOR CORRIDOR - MED, SHOT
text: Someone pulls aside heavy blackout curtains, letting in
text: some light. SERGEANT WILLIAM GEORGE MEEKS, Patton's
text: Negro orderly, and a coupie of other enlisted men carry
text: the General's personal gear -- a footlocker marked with
dialog: his name and rank, etc. -- up the stairs, Patton himself
text: passes these bearers on his way upstairs, is met by
text: Stiller as he reaches the second floor.
speaker_heading: STILLER
dialog: General Bradley's waiting in your
dialog: office, sir.
dialog: (pointing to an
dialog: office)
text: Down at the end of the hall.
text: Patton and Stiller move off down the hall as, unseen by
text: them, a couple of enlisted men carry by us a footlocker
scene_heading: marked MAJOR GENERAL LLOYD R. FREDENDALL.
scene_heading: INT, II CORPS COMMANDING GENERAL'S OFFICE - FULL SHOT
text: The spacious room is bare and depersonalized, having been
text: just vacated. Bradley stands at a window, waiting.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: >
scene_heading: } 43 Cont. (o.2.) PATTON'S VOICE
text: O68.
dialog: Brad! How the hell are you!
text: Patton comes into scene and the two men shake hands.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Fine, George. Good to see you.
dialog: (checking his
dialog: watch)
dialog: We were all under the impression
dialog: that you wouldn't be here until 0900.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I gathered that. You lmow my boys,
dialog: don't you? Dick Jenson and Al Stiller.
text: Bradley nods with a smile.. Patton plants himself behind
text: the desk, lights a cigar.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Tell me, Brad -- what are you
dialog: doing here?
speaker_heading: a BRADLEY
dialog: Ike wanted a report on this Kasserine
dialog: setback. Meanwhile, I'm supposed to
dialog: stay here in your headquarters -- as
dialog: an observer -- but I report directly
dialog: to Ike. His ‘eyes and ears' was the
dialog: way he put it.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: I see - a spy!
dialog: (turning to Jenson)
dialog: Get me General Eisenhower's headquarters.
text: Jenson picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Allied Force Headquarters.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What really went wrong at Kasserine?
dialog: I've only seen the preliminary report.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Apparently everything went wrong.
dialog: We'd send over a 75mm shell, the
dialog: Krauts would return an 68, Their
dialog: tanks are diesels -- even when we
dialog: managed to hit them they kept running.
dialog: The men call our tanks 'Purple Heart
text: Boxes.' One hot piece of shrapnel
text: 66 and the gasoline explodes.
dialog: ww
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: 43 Cont.1
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: T warned them about the tanks.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: I talked to one soldier about the
dialog: half-tracks. Asked him if machine-
text: gun fire pierced the armor. He
dialog: said, 'No, sir -- the bullets only
text: come in one side and rattle around
dialog: a bit.!
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I hear we had trouble coordinating
dialog: the air cover.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: The trouble was no air cover.
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: (handing him
dialog: telephone )
dialog: General Smith on the line, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Beetle, I'm calling about Bradley
dialog: and his job here... Look, I need
dialog: @ good number two man. I want to
dialog: make Brad my deputy commander...
dialog: Okay? You clear it with Ike.
text: He hangs up, takes a mean puff of his cigar, scowls up
text: at Bradley shrewdly.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Now you're not spying for Ike
dialog: anymore -- you're working for me.
dialog: (challenging)
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Fine.
text: Patton turns to Jenson.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Dick -- you got those stars?
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: (with a grin)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Well, let's get 'em on.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: 43 Cont.2
text: Jenson produces a handful of shiny three-star collar
text: pieces. Patton sits down behind the big desk as Stiller
text: on one side and Jenson on the other start to pin on the
text: new insignia. An expression of doubt flashes across
text: Bradley's face; Patton notices it.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Hell, I've been nominated by the
dialog: President.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: But it isn't official until it's
dialog: approved by the Senate.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Well -- they have their schedule
dialog: end I have mine.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (watching the aides
dialog: work)
dialog: George, if you were named Admiral
dialog: of the Turkish Navy, I'll bet your
dialog: @ides could dip into their haversacks
dialog: and come up with the appropriate
dialog: badge of rank, .
dialog: (with a grin)
dialog: Anyway -- premature congratulations.
text: Their ceremonial duties over, Stiller goes out and Jensén
text: busies himself arranging a desk for himself. Patton rises
text: and crosses to a mirror to inspect his new rank. Bradley
text: crosses to the window.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Those stars would look a lot better
dialog: on a green shirt... Did I ever tell
dialog: you I once designed a uniform for
dialog: tank crewmen? It was green leather
text: with red stripes, sort of a row of
text: brass buttons here and topped by a
text: gold football helmet.
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: The Army rejected it. But damn, it
dialog: was beautiful.
text: Camera moves in on Bradley at the window, looking down
text: into the street below.
dialog: Ane our .
speaker_heading: 45 ~—
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 4g.
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: BRADLEY'S P.0.V.
text: GENERAL FREDENDALL, in a jeep with a driver and one aide,
text: is saying good-bye to a couple of his staff officers.
text: It is obviously a dispirited and uncomfortable farewell.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - OFFICE
text: Bradley indicates the street below to explain what he's
dialog: been looking at.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
text: Lloyd Fredendall's just leaving.
text: Patton crosses to the window.
dialog: out
scene_heading: EXT, TOWN SQUARE - MED. LONG SHOT
text: Fredendall's jeep barrels out of the square and disappears.
text: Camera pans to Patton's command car, where two drivers are
text: replacing a huge two-star plate with a huge three-star
dialog: plate.
scene_heading: INT. COMMANDING GENERAL'S OFFICE - FULL SHOT
text: Bradley and Patton are still watching down below. Bradley
text: turns to Patton.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: George, there's one other thing I
dialog: put in my Kasserine report. Some
dialog: of our boys were just plain scared.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: They'1l get over that. Even the
dialog: best foxhounds are gun-shy the first
dialog: time out. I can remember when
dialog: nothing scared me worse than the idea
dialog: of a bullet coming straight for my
dialog: nose. I don't know why, but somehow
dialog: the idea of getting it straight in
dialog: the nose was just more horrible than
dialog: any other possibility.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (a wry smile)
dialog: I can understand that, George, with
dialog: such a handsome nose.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: wy
dialog: 66
dialog: 52 Cont.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (relighting his
text: cigar; he pulls on
dialog: it fiercely)
dialog: You want to know why this outfit
dialog: got the hell kicked out of it?
text: A blind man could see it in five
dialog: minutes! They don't look like
dialog: soldiers -- they don't act like
dialog: soldiers -- why should they fight
dialog: like soldiers?!
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: No question about it -- the
dialog: discipline's pretty poor.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (looking at his
dialog: watch)
dialog: Starting in fifteen minutes, we're
dialog: going to turn these boys into razor-
text: sharp fanatics.
dialog: (Vesuvius preparing
text: to erupt) .
dialog: These men may lose their fear of
dialog: Germans, but by God they'11 never
dialog: lose their fear of me!
scene_heading: 53 EXT. DJEBEL KOUIF TOWN SQUARE - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Patton and Jenson cross the square on their way to the
text: officers' mess hall.
scene_heading: 54 INT. OFFICERS' MESS HALL - MED. SHOT
text: A few sleepy OFFICERS have begun to straggle in as Patton
text: enters, with Jenson in tow. A cheerful COOK approaches.
speaker_heading: COOK
text: Up bright and early, General.
dialog: Breakfast?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Am I to understand that my officers
dialog: have all finished their breakfast?
dialog: cook
dialog: We're open from six to eight. Most
dialog: of the officers are just coming in, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (indicating officers
dialog: entering)
dialog: Inform these officers that the mess
text: hall is closed.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 19
dialog: 54 Cont.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: cook
dialog: But, sir, it's only a quarter to
dialog: eight.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: After this, you open at six o'clock
dialog: and no one is admitted after six-
dialog: fifteen...Where are your leggings?
dialog: cook
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Leggings? Hell, General, sir, I'm
dialog: a cook.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You're a soldier!
dialog: (over his shoulder,
dialog: to Jenson)
dialog: A twenty dollar fine.
text: Scowling, Patton turns away from the flabbergasted Cook
text: to the others present.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You all heard me. Beginning now,
dialog: men without leggings or helmets
dialog: or ties - men with unshined shoes
dialog: and soiled uniforms -- are going
dialog: to get skinned for it!
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - PATTON AND JENSON
text: Panning with them as they move away, Patton growling to ~
text: Jenson quietly.
speaker_heading: PATTON
text: Hit ‘em in the pocketbook and
dialog: they'll remember.
scene_heading: INT. IMPROVISED SQUAD ROOM - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: This is a large room that's been converted into enlisted
text: men's quarters, with rows of bunks, combat gear, etc. As
text: Patton, accompanied by Jenson, sweeps through the empty
text: room, his eye falls on a pinup tacked to the wall. We get
text: a glimpse of a raw, provocative pose of an enormously
text: bosomed girl. Patton pauses, his Puritan outrage
dialog: unmistakable.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: This is a barracks -- not a bordello!
text: He tears the picture off the wall, balls it up and throws
text: it down sternly. Then he marches out,
speaker_heading: OQ
dialog: 66
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: A-S7
dialog: 58
dialog: 20
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR LATRINE ~ TRUCKING SHOT
text: Camera follows Patton in f.g. as, in going from squad
text: room to town square, he happens to pass a row of canvas
text: stalls, followed by Jenson, Seated in each stall is a
text: soldier, revealed from the neck up. Patton speaks curtly
text: as he passes the first stall. The soldier inside is hat-
dialog: less.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: No helmet -- twenty dollars.
dialog: {passing tha
dialog: second stall)
dialog: No helmet and no leggings --
dialog: twenty-five dollars.
text: He crosses to the third stall where a very young and
text: sharply turned-out GI sits at attention, a polished
text: helmet on his head. He looks straight ahead, but his
text: face wears a vacuous and slightly pained expression
dialog: appropriate to what he's doing.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Now that man looks like a soldier!
scene_heading: EXT. DJEBEL KOUIF TOWN SQUARE - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Patton and Jenson cross the square to the building being
text: used for a hospital. They are trailed by wide-ayed
dialog: urchins.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I do not admit the existence of ‘battle
dialog: fatigue.' Once you concede its reality,
dialog: you admit the reality of demoralization.
dialog: And you can't win battles with demoralized
dialog: troops. That sort of thing has to be stopped
dialog: or you get ean uncontrollable infection...
dialog: Like conscientious objection.
scene_heading: INT. REAR AREA HOSPITAL - MED. SHOT
text: Patton, followed by Jenson, moves down the aisle of the
text: busy ward, where he is met by a MEDICAL OFFICER. Nurses
dialog: and other medical personnel (except this medical officer}
dialog: all wear helmets.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (he's got a head of
dialog: steam up)
dialog: I understand you have two cases
text: of self-inflicted wounds.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: Yes, sir -- we do.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: OQ
dialog: 66
dialog: 58 cont.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Get them out of here.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: Sir, one of them's developed a
dialog: serious infection.
speaker_heading: PATTON
text: I don't give a damn if he croaks.
dialog: Get him somewhere else, but out
dialog: of here. They don't belong in the
dialog: same Building as boys who've been
text: wounded in battle.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: {acceding without
dialog: agreeing
dialog: I'll see that they're moved, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Another thing -- there'll be no
dialog: "battle fatigue’ in my command...
dialog: That's an order!
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (growling
dialog: contemptuously)
dialog: Battle fatigue is a free ride; a
dialog: little yellow-belly's ticket to
dialog: a hospital... I'm not going to
dialog: subsidize cowardice.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: (eyeing the General
dialog: blandly)
dialog: Yes, sir --
text: Patton has started to turn away, but something in the
text: doctor's tone pulls him back.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Where's your helmet, Doctor?
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: I don't .wear a helmet when I'm in
dialog: the hospital, General.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: {turning to leave)
dialog: Start.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: (a)
dialog: Se
dialog: 66
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: 58 cCont.1
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: (after Patton)
dialog: I can't use my stethoscope when
dialog: I'm wearing my helmet...
speaker_heading: PATFON
dialog: (realizes he's
dialog: been challenged )
dialog: Then cut two holes in your helmet
dialog: so you can. AND GET THOSE YELLOW-
text: BELLIES OUT OF HERE TODAY.
scene_heading: EXT, DESERT - MED. LONG SHOT - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A two-and-a-half-ton truck is parked out on the desert
text: beside the dusty, deserted road. There is nothing else
text: to be seen for miles. Camera moves in on truck, coming
text: to rest as it reveals a SERGEANT reclining in the cab,
text: smoking while he watches a PFC standing beside the cab
text: shaving. The soldier's tin mirror and helmet full of
text: water rest on the hood of the truck.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: You know what's so important in
dialog: the back of this truck?
text: Preoccupied with shaving, the Pfc shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: . Shoe polish.
speaker_heading: PFC
dialog: Shoe polish?!
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Georgie Patton is a nut about spit
dialog: and polish. If I let you turn up
text: at his headquarters without a shave,
dialog: you'd get a month in the stockade.
text: There is the sound cf an approaching vehicle, then the
text: insistent honking of a horn. The Sergeant, irritated,
text: sticks his hand out of the cab, without looking, and
text: motions the other vehicle ahead.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Come ahead, you silly bastard!
text: ANOTHER ANGLE AT TRUCK
text: Revealing a jeep as it drives up alongside the soldier
text: shaving. Beside the SERGEANT DRIVER (Bradley's driver)
text: the jeep contains a three-star and a two-star general --
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 23
dialog: 60 Cont.
text: Patton and Bradley. The shaving soldier gulps, faced
text: suddenly with all that brass. He shifts his razor
text: awkwardly, manages a salute.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: frowning sternly)
dialog: What's in that helmet, soldier?
speaker_heading: PFC
dialog: Water, sir --
dialog: (helplessly
dialog: indicating Sergeant)
dialog: He told me to shave.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: need
dialog: I want your head in that helmet --
dialog: not water!
text: With the back of his hand, Patton sweeps the helmet off
text: the hood of the truck.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: oO Now pick it up and wear it!
text: As the PFC retrieves his helmet, Patton gestures to his
text: driver and the jeep roars on out of scene. The PFC is.
text: stunned by this general who materializes out in the desert
text: and disappears in a matter of seconds.
speaker_heading: PFC
dialog: (to Sergeant)
dialog: You told me he wanted everybody
dialog: to shave.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: I also told you he was a nut!
scene_heading: 61 MED. CLOSE SHOT - MOVING JEEP
text: Patton is studying the terrain ahead.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Turn right here, driver.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Sir, the battlefield is straight
dialog: ahead.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Don't talk back to me, Sergeant.
dialog: y I can smell a battlefield.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: George, he was out here just yesterday.
dialog: BS Cont.
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: OC) 61 Cont.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (insistently)
dialog: It's over there. Turn right, dammit!
text: The Driver makes the turn as ordered.
scene_heading: EXT, - VIEW THROUGH RUINS - DUSK
text: as the jeep approaches from the distance. -Camera moves
text: along the silent eternal ruins of what was once an
text: aqueduct. The car comes to & stop, Patton, dwarfed by
text: the structure, steps out and looks up at the ancient ruins
text: in awe. The wind makes an eerie sound through the stone.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Bradley steps out of the car, moves closer to Patton.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: It was here. The battlefield was
dialog: here.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: The Carthaginians defending the
dialog: Aqueduct were attacked by three
dialog: Roman legions. The Carthaginians
dialog: were proud and brave, but they
dialog: couldn't hold, Massacre. Arab
dialog: women stripped them of their tunics,
text: their swords, their lances. The
text: soldiers lay naked in the sun...
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BRADLEY
text: listening, puzzled, as the strange wind whistles.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: .-.two thousand years ago.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - PATTON AND BRADLEY
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I was there, Brad.
dialog: (with a faint smile)
dialog: You don't believe me, do you?
text: Bradley doesn't react.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You know what the poet said --
dialog: Cont,
dialog: 66
dialog: 65 Cont.
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: PATTON (Cont.)
dialog: (quoting -- and
dialog: giving it every-
dialog: thing)
dialog: 'Through the travail of ages,
dialog: Midst the pomp and toils of war,
dialog: Have I fought and strove and perished
dialog: countless times upon the star.
scene_heading: 66 CLOSE SHOT ~ BRADLEY
text: as he listens, studying Patton.
speaker_heading: 67 TwO SHOT
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
text: So as through a glass and darkly
dialog: The age~-long strife I see
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Where I fought in many guises,
dialog: Many names -- but always me.'
dialog: (after a suitable
dialog: pause for effect)
dialog: You know who the poet was?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (with a sudden grin)
dialog: Me.
scene_heading: 68 INT. MAP ROOM - II CORPS HEADQUARTERS - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Patton has had the. map room totally revamped and it is
text: now an elaborate and buzzing center of charts and
scene_heading: information. COLONEL GASTON BELL (fictitious character -
text: no subtitle), is conducting a briefing for Patton, Bradley,
text: Jenson, Stiller, Hansen and several other OFFICERS, using
dialog: a map.
scene_heading: 69 CLOSE SHOT - COLONEL BELL
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: There's an opportunity here for us
dialog: to mount an cffensive. We have
dialog: concentrated on harassing the enemy's
dialog: flank, to draw his strength away from
dialog: the British. However, it appears now
dialog: that we could split the Africa Corps
dialog: and drive through Rommel to the sea.
dialog: 66
dialog: 70
dialog: ah
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: Sorry, Bell -- that territory is
dialog: reserved for General Sir Bernard
dialog: Law Montgomery. We're supposed to
dialog: let him win this one --
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: -- no matter how long it takes him
dialog: to do it.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: They're entitled to have their hero.
dialog: After all, Montgomery pushed Rommel
text: clear across North Africa.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What about the Americans? They need
dialog: a hero, too, don't they?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (with a quiet smile)
dialog: You have anybody in mind, George?
dialog: Jenson énters.
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: Excuse me, sir, Air Vice Marshal
text: Coningham is here with General Buford.
text: Patton rises, dismissing them with a nod.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (with a grim smile)
dialog: Excuse me, gentlemen, while I ask
dialog: our Limey friends what's happened
dialog: to our air cover. ,
dialog: (as they go)
dialog: Round one with the British coming
dialog: up.
text: The officers file out and Jenson enters, escorting
scene_heading: AIR VICE MARSHAL SIR ARTHUR CONINGHAM AND LIEUTENANT
scene_heading: GENERAL HARRY BUFORD (fictitious character - no subtitle).
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - PATTON AND BUFORD
text: as the two men greet and shake hands.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Harry -- how are you?
speaker_heading: rN 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 66
dialog: 27
scene_heading: THREE SHOT - PATTON, BUFORD AND CONINGHAM
text: as Patton turns to Coningham.
speaker_heading: BUFORD
dialog: George, you know Arthur Coningham --
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (sizing up his man
dialog: as they shake hands)
dialog: Sir Arthur --
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CONINGHAM
speaker_heading: CONINGHAM
dialog: Delighted to see you, General.
dialog: I've heard so much about you.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: AIR VICE MARSHAL SIR ARTHUR CONINGHAM,
scene_heading: COMMANDER, TACTICAL AIR FORCE
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: BUFORD
dialog: (trying to exercise
dialog: diplomacy )
dialog: It appears, gentlemen, there's
dialog: been some misunderstanding here,
dialog: and Ike thought we ought to get
dialog: things straightened out --
speaker_heading: . PATTON
dialog: No misunderstanding at all, Harry.
dialog: We're supposed to have allied air
dialog: cover and we don't get it. German
dialog: Planes have been strafing my troops
dialog: -~ same as they did to Lloyd Fredendail.
speaker_heading: CONINGHAM
dialog: If I may say so, General, I'm
dialog: afraid your operations reports
dialog: are inaccurate --
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Reports? Three days ago those
dialog: uts took off after my command
dialog: car -- ran my ass into a ditch!
speaker_heading: CONINGHAM
dialog: stiffly)
dialog: My staff has assured me we have
dialog: complete air supremacy everywhere
dialog: in the Mediterranean.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: VY
dialog: 66
dialog: 28
dialog: 74 Cont.
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: When I complained about inadequate
dialog: air support, you said our troops were
dialog: ‘not battleworthy'. You spoke about
dialog: 'the discredited practice of using
dialog: air force as an alibi for lack of -
dialog: success on the ground'.., Bad enough
dialog: . I have to play nursemaid to Montgomery
dialog: -- I don't have to stand for that!
speaker_heading: CONINGHAM
dialog: I sincerely apologize for that
dialog: remark -- whoever made it.
dialog: {with a smile)
dialog: And I promise you one thing, General
dialog: -- you'll see no more German planes.
text: In that instant, without time even for the raising of
text: Patton's eyebrow, four Heinkel fighter-bombers roar over
text: the building, spattering machine-gun fire. The room
text: rocks, plaster flakes from the ceiling, and the three men
text: flatten themselves on the floor.
scene_heading: THREE SHOT ON FLOOR
text: A satisfied Patton looks over at his. fellow officers,
text: resplendent in their uniforms.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You were discussing air supremacy,
dialog: Sir Arthur --
text: Just then the windows shatter.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Patton is up; Buford goes to the door. Patton looks out
text: the shattered windows.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S P.0O.V.
text: The four low-flying fighter-bombers strafing the streets.
text: The Arabs run. A herd of camels panics and stampedes.
scene_heading: INT, MAP ROOM - MED. SHOT ~
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Look at those camels run!
text: Buford tries but can't open the door.
speaker_heading: BUFORD
dialog: Damn door won't open.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 29
dialog: @ 78 Cont.
text: Patton leaps over the window ledging, enthralled by the
text: spectacle of the camel stampede.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Go ahead, you bastards! Take e
dialog: shot at me! Right in the NOSE!
speaker_heading: BUFORD
dialog: Get back in here, George, we need
dialog: @ corps commander, not a casualty.
scene_heading: UP ANGLE AT HEINKEL
text: It soars down, all guns going.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - MED. SHOT - PATTON
text: Camels stampeding all around him. From a shoulder holster
text: he draws a pistol, fires at the planes. The fighter-
text: bombers soar off as quickly as they came. Patton peers
text: back at the amazed group of officers. Buford offers his
text: arm to get Patton back into the building. Coningham
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CONINGHAM
dialog: Now how the devil did you ever
dialog: manage to stage that?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (enormously pleased)
dialog: If I could find the Nazi sonsuvbitches
dialog: who flew those planes, I'd mail them
dialog: each a medal.
scene_heading: EXT. TEMPORARY U.S. MILITARY CEMETERY - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
text: The crosses over the graves -- and an occasional Star of
text: David -- are seen as silhouettes in b.g. as Patton and
text: Jenson walk along beside the cemetery on a little rise.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I can't get over how cold the
text: nights are in the desert.
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: Awfully cold, sir.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Patton walks up the little rise toward camera, pauses
text: to look out into the sparkling, clear desert night.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Rommel's out there some place,
dialog: waiting for me.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 82 Cont.
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I want to fight the champ. If you
dialog: lose, you've lost to the champ and
dialog: it's no disgrace. If you win, you're
dialog: the new champ... If I had my way
dialog: I'd send that genius sonuvabitch an
dialog: engraved invitation in iambic
dialog: pentameter -- a challenge in two
dialog: stanzas to meet me alone out in the
dialog: desert.
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: I'll deliver it.
speaker_heading: PATTON
text: Rommel in his tank and me in mine.
dialog: We'd stop at twenty paces, climb
text: out of the turrets and shake hands.
dialog: Then we'd button up and do battle
dialog: -- just the two of us. And that
dialog: battle would decide the outcome of
dialog: the war. .
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: Too bad jousting's gone out of
dialog: style. It's like your poetry,
dialog: General -- it isn't part of the
dialog: Twentieth Century.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Yeah, maybe so. The world grew
dialog: up. Helluva shame... Dick, I want
text: guards posted around this area.
dialog: If we don't, the damn Arabs'll dig
text: them up to get their uniforms.
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I want these men taken care of,
dialog: Our graves mustn't disappear into
dialog: the sand like all the others who
dialog: fought here -- the Greeks, the
dialog: Romans, the Carthaginians.
dialog: (after a pause;
dialog: suddenly )
dialog: I hate the Twentieth Century!
text: Patton turns and walks away. Jenson, fascinated, watches
dialog: him go.
dialog: 66
dialog: 83
dialog: 8k
dialog: 31
scene_heading: INT. REICHSCHANCELLERY MAP ROOM - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: It is a large room with situation maps of the Russian
text: and North African fronts on the walls, Noncoms make minor
text: adjustments of the front lines and troop dispositions.
text: Young women in uniform - the "Grey Mice" - operate a
text: communications network that keeps the room alive with
text: cold, automated sound.
text: CAPTAIN STEIGER, a junior staff officer whose gentle,
text: studious manner suggests the university rather than the
text: Wehrmacht, makes his way across the bustling room to
text: GENERAL JODL, who studies one of the wall maps, comparing
text: some data he holds in his hand. Jodl is a small, thin,
text: pallid man with a highly nervous manner. (Steiger is
dialog: fictional - no subtitles.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: COLONEL GENERAL ALFRED JODL,
scene_heading: HITLER'S CHIEF OF STAFF
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: (presenting himself
dialog: to Jod1)
dialog: Captain Oskar Steiger reporting, sir.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: Come with me, Steiger.
scene_heading: INT. ROMMEL'S OFFICE - FULL SHOT
text: Rommel sits behind the desk, a handkerchief to his aching
text: face, suffering an acute and painful attack of nasal
text: diphtheria. Jodl escorts Steiger in.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: Field Marshal -- I hope you are
dialog: feeling better --
text: Rommel dismisses this with an impatient gesture.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: Captain Steiger here is at your
dialog: disposal. He has been assigned to
dialog: research the American General Patton.
speaker_heading: ROMMEL
dialog: Very well. What do you have for me?
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: {consulting notes}
dialog: General Patton comes of a military
dialog: family. His grandfather was a hero
dialog: of the American Civil War. He was
dialog: educated at the Virginia Military
dialog: Institute and tiest Point.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: @
dialog: 66
dialog: 8 Cont. ,
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: ROMMEL
dialog: You're not telling me anything about
dialog: the man.
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: Sir, he writes poetry and believes
dialog: in reincarnation. He's one of the
dialog: richest officers in the American Army.
text: He prays on his knees, but he curses
text: like a stable boy, and he has one
dialog: standing order: ‘Always take the
dialog: offensive -- never dig in.'
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: Excuse me, Field Marshal -- we see
text: the Fuehrer in fifteen minutes.
dialog: He will want to lmow what you propose
dialog: to do about Patton's forces.
speaker_heading: ROMMEL
dialog: I will attack and annihilate him.
dialog: (he adds quietly
dialog: Before he does the same to me.
scene_heading: 85 INT, PATTON'S BEDROOM - DAWN
text: Meeks and Jenson enter quietly. As Meeks opens the heavy
text: curtains, Jenson moves to a sleeping Patton. A book has
text: fallen on the floor next to him. Jenson picks it up.
scene_heading: 86 CLOSE SHOT - BOOK
text: The clearly legible title is THE TANK IN WARFARE,
dialog: by Erwin Rommel
text: 87 BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: General...General...
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (waking)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: Sir, we intercepted a German radio
dialog: message: Rommel's Tenth Panzer is
dialog: going to hit us near El Guettar.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (to himself, eagerly)
dialog: Rommel.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. THE BATTLEFIELD - MORNING
text: Groups of camels and Arabs move off in the distance as
text: though intuitively forewarned of the impending battle.
dialog: 66
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: gl
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: oT
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: on the silent, golden desert. Everything is still now.
scene_heading: INT, PATTON'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Sergeant Meeks is dressing Patton with practiced efficiency
text: and skill. Neither speaks but there is a certain solemnity
dialog: recalling years before when warriors prepared for battle.
dialog: The polished leather belt, the cavalry pants, the boots --
text: all with a quality of ritual -- are placed on Patton.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - ARTILLERY EMPLACEMENTS
text: Noncoms wear an air of excitement. The men are tense,
text: waiting. Guns and men are hidden on sides and backs of
text: hill dunes.
scene_heading: INT, PATTON'S BEDROOM
text: Meeks solemnly brushes the uniform and then places the
text: three-star helmet on Patton's head as though he were the
text: Archbishop of Canterbury. Patton can see himself staring
text: back from the mirror. He is frightening.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: All my life I've wanted to lead
text: a@ lot of men in a desperate battle.
dialog: Now I'm going to do it.
scene_heading: EXT, THE BATTLEFIELD - LONG SHOT - DAY
text: A German scout car appears from a fold in the valley,
text: reconnoitering the area, its commander scanning the terrain
text: with binoculars.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE (THROUGH BINOCULARS )
text: Shooting toward the American positions but revealing nothing.
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - SCOUT CAR
text: The commander lowers his binoculars, speaks into a radio.
text: The scout car turns and disappears into a wadi.
scene_heading: EXT, OBSERVATION POST - THE BATTLEFIELD
text: Bradley's radio-equipped jeep makes it up the tough climb
text: to the command post. The sunlight glint in his spectacles
text: gives him a clear,’deadly seriousness as he joins Hansen
text: and his Second Aide and one or two other officers at the
dialog: O.P.
scene_heading: EXT, PATTON'S OBSERVATION POST
text: perched on the hill. Patton stands in his armored command
text: car, machine guns fore and aft, scanning the terrain with
text: binoculars, Jenson beside him. American tanks can be seen
text: in positions of concealment. Cont,
dialog: 34
dialog: 97 Cont.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (@ smile of
dialog: satisfaction)
dialog: Look.
speaker_heading: 98 THEIR P.O.V.
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 66
text: In the distance a full battalion of German Infantry marches
text: toward the basin in a battle formation that suggests the
text: classic. The column is seemingly endless, winding in and
text: around the hills and wadis of the distance like a snake.
scene_heading: EXT, BRADLEY'S OBSERVATION POST - CLOSE SHOT - BRADLEY
text: watching through his binoculars.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Battalion strength...at least.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: The German Infantry begins a series of geometric move-
text: ments, deploying into combat formation.
scene_heading: ANOTHER LONG ANGLE
text: We barely hear German commands shouted as the companies
text: break rhythmically into smaller groups ami then, in turn,
dialog: smaller yet.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT UNDER CAMOUFLAGE NETS
text: The American gun positions, with double foxholes dug near
text: the guns. The hot sun throws patterns through the
text: camouflage netting. Small groups of infantry waiting near
dialog: the gun crews.
scene_heading: EXT, PATTON'S OBSERVATION POST - MED. SHOT
text: Patton and Jenson watch silently.
speaker_heading: JENSON
dialog: They haven't spotted our positions
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: They'll get an education in about
dialog: twenty seconds... Wait'll they get
dialog: a dose of that time-fire.
text: Camera moves in close on Patton. Binoculars to his eyes,
text: he is tense, barely able to control his inner excitement.
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: i212
dialog: : 35
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL VIEW ON THE BASIN
text: The infantry is through the bottleneck, proceeding without
text: knowing the positions of the Americans. They move closer,
text: closer -- and suddenly the American artillery opens up
text: with devastating air bursts, stunning the infantry and
text: temporarily sending them into disorder. They are quickly
text: reorganized and now the offensive is reasserted.
scene_heading: VIEW FROM PATTON'S OBSERVATION POST
text: The insect infantry crawls forward to serious casualties.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What a helluva way to waste fine
dialog: infantry. ,
speaker_heading: NEW FULL ANGLE
text: The German troops move into the blazing deatn-dealing
text: line of U.S. fire. Suddenly we notice sixty Nazi tanks
text: coming through the El Guettar pass, charging across the
text: plains after the infantry. They seem like beetles run-
text: hing back and forth on the plain, scurrying blindly along,
text: stopping and almost waving their antennae, running again,
text: like small beads in the distance.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - LONG SHOT
text: The artillery shells burst in the air like ugly flowers.
text: It is truly a color spectacle, the gold and blue of the
text: desert terrain and the sudden black blossoming of the air
dialog: bursts. ;
speaker_heading: UP ANGLE
text: as four Heinkel fighter-bombers roar down from out of the
dialog: sky.
scene_heading: P.O.V. OF THE HEINKELS
text: swooping down on the contest below, bombing a column of
text: American tanks moving under cover of a wadi. Two tanks
text: are hit and burst into yellow flame.
speaker_heading: MED, SHOT
text: “The blast has practically split the lead Sherman apart.
text: The crewmen leap out.
scene_heading: EXT, PATTON'S COMMAND POST - MED, CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
text: We can see the flaming smoke rising from the tanks.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: @
dialog: 36
dialog: 112 Cont.
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: 1i4
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: {to Jenson, fiercely)
dialog: Dick -- go tell General Bradley
dialog: to hit ‘em hard on that right
dialog: flank. Here's where we hold 'em
dialog: by the nose and kick ‘em in the ass.
text: Jenson leaves.
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - BRADLEY'S OBSERVATION POST
text: Jenson clambers up the rocky hillside to Bradley's position.
text: He finds Bradley and Hansen watching the battle. Yelling
text: above the din, Jenson is relaying Patton's instructions
text: to Bradley, when the sound of approaching aircraft is
text: heard. Jenson and a Sergeant take cover in a small
text: rocky fold in the ground. Bradley and Hansen dive into
text: ditches.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - GERMAN HEINKELS
dialog: approaching.
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - BRADLEY'S OBSERVATION POsT
text: with Bradley's ditch in f.g. Bradley's long legs can be
text: seen sticking up out of the shallow ditch -- also his
dialog: Springfield rifle,
speaker_heading: RANSEN
dialog: (yelling over noise
dialog: of approaching planes)
dialog: Get your legs down, General!
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (he tries, grins)
dialog: 'Fraid they're too long, Chet.
text: The planes roar over, their bombs exploding as they hit.
text: One enormous explosion hits between Bradley's ditch and
text: the spot where Jenson and the Sergeant have taken cover.
text: Debris fills the screen.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - BRADLEY
text: As the debris clears, he picks up his precious Springfield,
text: finds a jagged hole in the stock. He works the bolt,
text: ejecting a shell, then shoves the bolt home, satisfied
text: the piece works. He looks o.s., is sobered by what he
dialog: sees.
dialog: 66
dialog: 117
dialog: 118-
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Bradley rises, moves over to where the Sergeant is bending
text: over the lifeless body of Jenson. Recognizing that Jenson
text: is dead, Bradley is deeply affected.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (to Sergeant )
dialog: Put him on my jeep.
dialog: our
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE BATTLEFIELD
text: As the German tanks advance toward camera, there suddenly
text: appears behind them, emerging from a wadi on the German
text: left flank, a group of American tanks. They cut in
text: sharply and open fire on the Germans from the rear.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - GERMAN TANK
text: The tank commander has spotted the Americans, and the
text: tank lumbers slowly around to meet the new threat.
scene_heading: INT, GERMAN TANK - FULL SHOT
text: An explosion rocks the tank. The tank commander yelis
text: something indistinguishable to his driver, who frantically
text: tries to wheel the vehicle around.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GERMAN TANK COMMANDER
text: Looking through his periscope, his eyes widen.
scene_heading: EXT, THE BATTLEFIELD - LONG SHOT
text: German tanks are wheeling to meet the threat to their
text: rear as American armor pours out of the wadi, firing.
scene_heading: EXT, TURRET OF GERMAN TANK - MED. SHOT
text: There is an explosion as the turret takes a hit, the hatch
text: springing open and belching smoke.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - BATTLEFIELD
text: Now the battle in full perspective. The American tanks
text: have caught the Germans by surprise and cut across their
text: rear, while the anti-tank positions which have been
text: threatened continue to fire. Every so often there is a
text: direct hit and a German tank goes up in smoke.
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN TANK - FULL SHOT
text: The tank does a screeching pinwheel movement, turning
text: about and firing at the flank of a German tank,
dialog: 66
dialog: 134
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: wi
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 38
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - SIDE OF GERMAN TANK
text: The shell hits and the tread springs apart with a screech-
dialog: ing sound.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - GERMAN TANK
text: The hatch opens and the Germans, face-blackened from the
text: flames, leap out -- one of them actually on fire.
scene_heading: MED, LONG SHOT - AMERICAN INFANTRY
text: The line of skirmishers has taken cover as a German tank
text: fires at them with its machine guns.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Revealing German Infantry advancing on the Americans,
text: taking cover behind the tanks. They fire at the American
text: Infantrymen and the Americans fire back.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - GERMAN TANK
text: It heads for the line of American Infantry.
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - AMERICAN BAZOOKAMAN
text: He lines up his sights and fires the weapon. As the
text: bazooka round hits, the tank explodes.
scene_heading: EXT. PATTON'S OBSERVATION POST - ANGLE ON PATTON
text: He puts the binoculars to his eyes.
speaker_heading: WE SEE:
text: that many of the German tanks are aflame. Less than thirty
text: are turning to escape.
text: SLOW DOLLY IN ON PATTON
text: looking through binoculars,
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (the highest
dialog: possible level
dialog: of jubilation)
dialog: Rommel, you stupid bastard, I read
dialog: your book!
scene_heading: LONGER ANGLE - PATTON'S OBSERVATION POST
text: Patton is in b.g. faced away from camera, still trium-
text: Phantly scanning the battlefield. Into f.g. comes
text: Bradley's jeep, with the General in the front seat and
text: Jenson's body laid across the rear seat. Preoccupied,
text: Patton is paying no attention as Bradley gets out of the
text: jeep, walks slowly over toward Patton.
dialog: a Usd
dialog: ©
dialog: Ws
speaker_heading: 1h6
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: VS
dialog: 66
dialog: 39
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED TUNISIAN FARMHOUSE - WIDE SHOT - LATE DAY
text: On a rise, in outline against the reddening sky, is a
text: two-wheel ammunition caisson. Atop the caisson is a
text: stretcher on which is a man's body in a white GI mattress
text: cover, Camera moves in.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.8.)
dialog: Captain Richard N. Jenson was a
dialog: fine boy - leyal, unselfish and
dialog: efficient. I am terribly sorry.
text: A hend uncovers the face of Jenson and camera reveals
text: Patton as he touches the face, then kisses it and finally
text: kmeels beside the caisson. Camera lifts away to reveal
text: Meeks-and Patton's Driver bringing up a pair of black-
text: blenketed horses which they hitch to the yoke of the
dialog: caisson.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: There are no coffins here, since
dialog: there is no wood...We will have
text: a trumpeter and honor guard, but
dialog: we will not fire the volleys, as
dialog: it would make people think an air
dialog: raid was on.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - JENSON'S FACE
text: as Patton's hands enclose it within the mattress cover.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (0.82)
dialog: I enclosed a lock of Dick's hair
text: in a letter to his mother.
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT
text: The small ceremonial cortege, including Carver and
text: Stiller, comes to attention as Patton rises.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.3s.)
dialog: He was a fine man and a fine officer
dialog: and he had no vices. I shall mias
dialog: him a lot.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
text: The caisson moves off with Meeks and Patton's Driver
text: leading the horses, Stiller behind the caisson and Patton
text: abreast of it.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 147 Cont.
dialog: 148-
dialog: 153
dialog: 4o
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: 0.8.)
dialog: I can't see the reason such fine
text: young men get killed. There are
dialog: so many battles yet to fight.
text: Camera widens to see the small procession make its way
text: across the vast desert floor.
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE NEWSREEL
text: This film, with newsreel quality, is seen in World War II
text: aspect ratio, with rousing stock music.
scene_heading: NEWSREEL TITLE: BRITISH AND AMERICAN TROOPS
dialog: LINK UP IN TUNISIA!
dialog: (NOTE: All newsreel titles ‘throughout the film will bear
dialog: the Fox Movietone News logo.)
dialog: Ae
speaker_heading: D
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Exhausted groups of British troops in faded summer
text: combat dress have come face to face with equaily
text: battle-worn American troops in their heavyweight
text: combat 0.D.s. In contrast to the high-key narration,
text: we see that the cameramen, trying not to be included,
text: are frantically signaling the diffident men to greet
text: each other in some sort of enthusiastic demonstration.
text: Very obviously taking directions, the soldiers per-
text: ~functorily greet each other, exchange cigarettes and
text: shake hands -- all for the folks back home. Overhead
dialog: our planes can be seen.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: 0.8.
dialog: eee but victorious, American
dialog: GIs and Tommies of the British Eighth
text: Army meet in a joyful allied victory
dialog: celebration at Wadi Akarit in North
dialog: Africa. For the first time in this
text: war, Broadway and Piccadilly join
dialog: hands!
scene_heading: NEWSREEL TITLE: GENERAL PATTON,
scene_heading: HERO OF EL GUETTAR:
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PATTON IN TANK
text: Patton, dressed to the teeth, is in the open turret of
text: a tank, scanning the far horizon with as fierce and
text: hammy an expression as he can muster for the newsreels
dialog: -- which was pretty fierce and hammy.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: 148- Cont.
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
speaker_heading: A-154
dialog: B-154
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: Lieutenant General George S. Patton, Jr.,
text: colorful and hard-driving commander of
dialog: the American Second Corps, gives U.S.
dialog: troops a ‘great victory in North Africa
text: when he defeats the seasoned panzers of
text: German Field Marshal Rommel at El Guettar.
text: NEWSREEL TITLE: MONTY PRESSES ON!
scene_heading: F MED, SHOT - MONTGOMERY IN JEEP
dialog: Montgomery, a totally different personality but just
text: as image-conscious in his own way, is dressed in beret,
text: turtle-neck sweater and corduroy pants. As his jeep
text: drives alongside a column of British troops, he favors
text: them with a wave and a "one of the boys" smile -- even
text: reaches out to shake a few hands as he passes. The
text: men cheer him wildly.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: (0.s.)
dialog: Meanwhile, General Montgomery, hero
dialog: of El Alamein, continues to lead his
dialog: veteran and victorious British Eighth
text: Army in a relentless drive against
text: Rommel's vaunted Africa Corps.
scene_heading: (NOTE: END OF NEWSREEL)
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - BRADLEY
text: Bradley is seated on an ammo box in front of his tent,
text: with a towel draped around his neck, as a GI gives him
text: a haircut. Suddenly the sound of an approaching aircraft
text: cuts the stillness. Bradley looks up, frowning, as it
text: roars by close overhead.
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - PIPER CUB
text: Patton grins and waves to Bradley from the small spotter
text: plane, which is coming in for a ianding.
scene_heading: MED, LONG SHOT - CUB STRIP
text: This is no more than a field cleared of brush and adjoins
text: Bradley's headquarters. Bradley pulis the towei off his
text: neck as he moves over to meet the little plane that has
text: landed and is taxiing toward him,
dialog: 66
dialog: 155
dialog: 4e
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The plane stops and Patton steps out. There's a bounce
text: to his step and a glint in his eye as he comes over to
dialog: Bradley.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Brad -- if you've got any whisky,
dialog: you can buy us both a drink!
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (shaking his head
dialog: apologetically)
dialog: George, I don't believe I have
dialog: a thing --
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Well, I've got something for you.
dialog: (takes three-star
text: pin from his pocket
dialog: hands it to Bradley}
dialog: Three stars!
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (looking at them
dialog: fondly)
dialog: I knew this was in the works --
dialog: but I didn't know it had Senate
dialog: approval.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: That's nothing but a formality.
dialog: Put 'em on!
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (putting them in
dialog: his pocket)
dialog: I'd just as soon wait --
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You're a corps commander, Brad!
dialog: Ike's giving you command of
dialog: Second Corps.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Well, I'1l be doggoned --
dialog: (suddeniy)
dialog: What about’ you?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I'm going to Seventh Army at
dialog: Mostaganem tc take over planning
dialog: for the Sicily operation.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Congratulations, George.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 155 Cont.
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I'd like to see you come along and
dialog: take Second Corps into Sicily...
dialog: If you want to, I'll fix it with Ike.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (pleased by the
dialog: prospect of a
dialog: corps command)
dialog: Nothing I'd like better.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You'll have to clean up the
dialog: situation here in North Africa
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: That's okay with me --
text: (he breaks into a
text: sudden, eager grin)
dialog: Tell you what I do have, George --~
text: couple of bottles of warm beer.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (gruffly)
dialog: Well, why the hell didn't you say
dialog: so? A man could die of thirst around
dialog: here!
text: Grinning, Bradley leads the way toward his tent.
scene_heading: 156 INT. REICHSCHANCELLERY MAP ROOM - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Jodi's staff, including Steiger, are gathered around a
text: table, and Jodl is concluding the meeting.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: It is obvious that North Africa
dialog: will soon be lost. We must now
text: anticipate the enemy's next move
dialog: and I will expect a staff report
text: in the next twenty-four hours.
dialog: {nodding dismissal)
dialog: That will be all.
text: The Officers rise, go about their business. Jodl passes
text: by Steiger, who alone has remained seated. Beside him is
text: a stack of books and clippings.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: You, Steiger -- you haven't said
dialog: @ word.
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: No one asked me to, sir.
dialog: Cont,
dialog: 66
dialog: 156 Cont.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: I'm asking you now. You think
dialog: Patton will attack Sardinia?
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: Patton, sir, is a military historian.
dialog: He knows that Sicily, not Sardinia,
dialog: has always been the key to Italy. If
dialog: Patton has anything to say about it,
dialog: he will probably attack Sicily at
dialog: Syracuse --
dialog: (with a faint,
dialog: fond smile)
dialog: -- as the Athenians did.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: (impatient and
dialog: annoyed
dialog: Steiger --! This is the Twentieth
dialog: Century!
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: But you must understand, General --
dialog: Patton is a Sixteenth Century man.
text: He digs a volume out of his pile of books, flips to a
dialog: marked page.
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: Just listen to this:
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'On a quiet street in New York, in
dialog: nineteen twenty-two, Patton was on
text: his way to a dinner, wearing white
dialog: tie and tails, when he came upon
text: three men pushing a young girl into
text: the back of a truck. He leaped out
text: of his car, produced a revolver, and
dialog: forced the men at gunpoint to release
dialog: the woman.'
dialog: (as though this
dialog: were the punch line
dialog: of a marvelous joke)
dialog: It turned out the woman was the
text: fiancee of one of the men, and he
dialog: wes merely helping her into the
dialog: truck!
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: 4S
dialog: 156 Cont.1
speaker_heading: STEIGER (Cont.)
dialog: (relishing the
dialog: story)
dialog: What could be more revealing?
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: I don't know what you're talking about!
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: (it's all so clear)
text: Don Quixote encounters six merchants
dialog: of Toledo on the road and saves
dialog: Dulcinea's virtue!
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: Who the devil is Dulcinea?
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: Don't you see, sir? Patton is a
dialog: romantic warrior, lost in contemporary
dialog: times...The secret of Patton is the
dialog: past. He'll urge an attack on Sicily
dialog: because that's what the Athenians did!
scene_heading: 157 EXT. MOORISH HOUSE - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: This elaborate house looks out over the bay at Mostaganen.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: PATTON'S HEADQUARTERS
speaker_heading: MGSTAGANEM, ALGERIA
text: Camera moves in on a loggia where Patton is talking to
scene_heading: GENERAL CARVER.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: General Bradley's done a tremendous
dialog: job with Second Corps. He's moved
dialog: into Bizerte and taken over forty-
dialog: one thousand prisoners.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (approvingly)
dialog: Good...Damn good!
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You're not surprised, are you,
dialog: sir? After all, you trained that
dialog: outfit.
text: Fatton nods, moves on. inside, followed by Carver.
dialog: 66
dialog: 66
dialog: 159
dialog: 46
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S HEADQUARTERS AT MOSTAGANEM - MED. SHOT
text: Army and Navy officers and their aides speed back and
text: forth and there is a mumble of conversation. LIEUTENANT
text: GOLONEL CHARLES R. CODMAN, a dapper debonair and
text: unflappable man in his mid-forties, starts forward as
text: Patton enters, then stops.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Colonel (now full Colonel) Davenport moves across the
text: room toward Patton, pre-empting the General's attention.
speaker_heading: DAVENPORT
dialog: Excuse me, General --
text: Patton is distracted by his cigar, which has gone dead.
text: He puffs frantically, but it is out. Almost instantly
text: Codman appears in scene, whips out a Zippo and lights
text: the General's cigar. Patton accepts the light without
text: noticing Codman. His job with the Zippo done, Codman
text: disappears from the scene. Davenport resumes, glancing
text: at paper in his hand.
speaker_heading: DAVENPORT
dialog: Sir, this is interesting. We've
dialog: discovered that Rommel wasn't present
dialog: at El Guettar.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (taking this as a
dialog: personal affront )
dialog: Who says 30?
speaker_heading: DAVENPORT
dialog: G-2, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (grabs the report;
dialog: then fiercely
dialog: They trying to tell me that when
dialog: we took on Tenth Panzer, Rommel was
dialog: in Berlin with an earache?
speaker_heading: DAVENPORT
dialog: {always the facts)
dialog: Severe nasal diphtheria, sir...
dialog: G-2 also reports that Hitler probably
dialog: retained Rommel in Berlin because
dialog: things were going badly for the Africa
dialog: Corps and he wanted his favorite
dialog: general to save face.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 7
dialog: 159 Cont.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Well, I'm my favorite general and
dialog: won't be told that some second-
dialog: stringer was in command against me.
dialog: Then I lose face!
text: He puffs frantically but the cigar has gone dead again.
text: As if by magic, Codman appears, applies the lighted Zippo.
text: Patton gets the cigar going, notices Codman for the first
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (growling)
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: General, this is Lieutenant Colonel
dialog: Codman, your new aide.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Oh, yes.
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: I pulled your name off the list
dialog: because I know your family.
speaker_heading: CcODMAN
dialog: I'm glad you did, sir.
speaker_heading: PaTTON
dialog: Codman, that Kraut Rommel is the
dialog: best they have -- and I kicked hell
dialog: out of him. Now my own G-2 section
dialog: is trying to tell me he wasn't even
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: (polite, diplomatic,
dialog: soothingly quiet)
dialog: But, General, he undoubtedly planned
dialog: the German battle.
text: Patton glares at him, frowning, unsure of Codman's point.
speaker_heading: cODMAN
dialog: If you defeat Rommel's plan, you've
dialog: defeated Rommel. Isn't that true, sir?
text: Somewhat mollified, Patton takes a long pull on the cigar
text: as he studies his new aide, finds more here than meets the
dialog: eye. Obviously a man of taste and discretion.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Codman, I want you to have a drink
dialog: with me tonight.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 48
dialog: 159 Cant.1
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I nave a plan for the invasion of
dialog: Sicily and I want to make sure I
dialog: get it approved. You can help me.
text: Codmean nods.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I want to give a dinner for
dialog: General Alaxander. Want to get
text: to him before Montgomery does...
dialog: This'll be a formal affair, Codman
dialog: -- but purely social.
dialog: Tarily)
dialog: By that I mean purely political.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I want the finest food and the
dialog: best wines available.
dialog: {eyeing Codman
dialog: appraisingly)
dialog: sverything comme il faut.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: (nodding, unruffled)
dialog: Entendu, mon General.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (pleased with
dialog: Codman's French)
dialog: Quelque chose vraiment special.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: Ca va sans dire...Qui aimeriez-
dialog: vous inviter?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Le Marechal Alexander et son Chef
dialog: ad'Etat-Major. Peut-etre Tedder.
dialog: Fas trop de monde et plutot intime,
dialog: d' accord?
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: D'iaccord, mon General --
text: Caught up in his planning, Patton has wandered off with
text: Codman, leaving Carver and Davenport staring after them,
text: amazed by the boss' command of French.
dialog: 66
dialog: 66
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 4g
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S VILLA AT MOSTAGANEM - MED. SHOT THROUGH
scene_heading: HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Codman stands, immaculately dressed, appraising the party
text: he has arranged. Through the alcove, past an impressive
text: line of fins paintings, a GI can be seen at a piano,
text: playing a Beethoven sonata.
text: Camere moves through the alcove into a palatial dining
text: room, where a magnificent table is laid in the classic
dialog: manner.
text: There is a mumble of dinner conversation as the camera
text: moves along one side of the table, revealing the elegantly
text: uniformed allied officers. Camera holds for a moment on
scene_heading: AIR CHIEF MARSHAL SIR ARTHUR TEDDER.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: AIR CHIEF MARSHALL SIR ARTHUR TEDDER,
scene_heading: CHIEF, MEDITERRANEAN AIR COMMAND
text: Camera continues on past Carver. At the end of the table,
text: seated on Patton's right, is GENERAL SIR HAROLD R.L.G.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: GENERAL SIR HAROLD R.L.G. ALEXANDER
scene_heading: DEPUTY COMMANDER, ALLIED FORCE
text: Working on Alexander, Patton, of course, leads the
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: PaTTON
dialog: You remember, General, what Alcibiades
dialog: ‘said in four fifteen B.C. during the
dialog: Peloponnesian War: ‘If Syracuse falls,
dialog: all Sicily falls -- then Italy!' He
dialog: lmew that Syracuse was the jugular of
dialog: the island -~- and Alcibiades always
dialog: went for the throat.
text: Alexander, impressed, glances approvingly at Tedder.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I propose to take Sicily the same
dialog: way!
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - HALLWAY
text: Davenport approaches Codman, who is keeping a keen
text: supervisory eye on the proceedings.
speaker_heading: DAVENPORT
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: i think the old man has them in his
dialog: pocket.
dialog: 66
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 50
scene_heading: INT, DINING ROOM - MED. SHOT
text: Patton has pulled a set of drapes, revealing a wall map
text: ef Sicily. He is at the map illustrating his points,
dialog: which are of course directed to Alexander.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: According to my plan, General,
dialog: Montgomery will land here.
dialog: (he points to
dialog: Syracuse )
dialog: ‘I will hit the beach here and seize
dialog: the port of Palermo. Monty can pin
dialog: down the Germans in the south, while
dialog: I drive east, take the city of
text: Messina, and cut off the escape route
dialog: of the Germans.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Looks like an interesting plan,
dialog: George.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (expansively, to
dialog: the group)
dialog: Gentlemen ~~ here's to the conquest
dialog: of Sicily!
text: They ali raise their glasses and sip their wine.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - ALEXANDER AND PATTON
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (admiringly}
dialog: You know, George, you would have
dialog: made a great marshal for Napoleon
dialog: if you had lived in the Eighteenth
dialog: Century.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (with a quiet,
dialog: confident smile)
dialog: But I did, Sir Harold -- I did!
text: Alexander laughs, catering good-humorediy to his host.
text: Patton smiles, because he is riding the crest of a
text: diplomatic triumph, but he is actually quite serious.
scene_heading: EXT, ALLIED FORCE HEADQUARTRRS - ALGIERS - FULL SHOT - DAY
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: ALLIED FORCE HEADQUARTERS - ALGIERS
text: MONTGOMERY drives up in a staff car, gets out and hurries
text: into the building.
dialog: 66
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 51
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR ALLIED FORCE HEADQUARTERS
text: As Montgomery moves down the corridor, SUPERIMPOSE:
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: GENERAL SIR BERNARD LAW MONTGOMERY,
scene_heading: COMMANDING GENERAL, BRITISH EIGHTH ARMY
text: Montgomery moves to the doorway of an office, the open
text: door of which is marked MAJOR GENERAL WALTER BEDELL SMITH.
text: He speaks to someone inside.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Pardon me -- General Smith in?
speaker_heading: ( OFFICER'S VOICE
dialog: 0.8.
dialog: I believe he's in the lavatory, sir.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Thank you.
text: He turns and moves on down the corridor.
scene_heading: iNT, LAVATORY - DAY
text: GENERAL SMITH is washing his hands at the sink.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: MAJOR GENERAL WALTER BEDELL SMITH,
text: CHIEF OF STAFF TO GENERAL EISENHOWER
text: Montgomery enters.
scene_heading: ~- MONTGOMERY
dialog: Oh -- there you are...Beetle,
dialog: I've been giving a good bit of
dialog: thought to the Sicily operation.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I assume we're alone --
text: Montgomery quickly scans the bottom of the stalls, making —
text: sure no alien feet are present.
speaker_heading: ‘SMITH
dialog: You know Georgie Patton's already
dialog: discussed his plan with Alexander.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I realize that. I have an idea his
dialog: play may lead to an absolute disaster.
text: He leans forward, exhales his breath over the mirror,
text: creating a fog area. He draws on this with his finger.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 52
dialog: 166 Cont.
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Beetle, look: This is Sicily.
dialog: According to Patton's plan, I
dialog: would attack Syracuse - here -
dialog: and he would attack Palermo --
dialog: up here. Obviously our forces
dialog: would be divided -- and just as
dialog: obviously we could be chopped
dialog: up piecemeal.
dialog: (with some asperity)
dialog: Wnat I propose -- and what I shall
dialog: insist on, by the way -- is this:
dialog: I land at Syracuse as planned.
dialog: But the Americans land here at Gela.
dialog: I drive north to Messina, with the
dialog: Americans protecting my flank...
dialog: After all, Messina is the key. It's
dialog: the reason for invading Sicily!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I'll tell Ike about this and I'm
dialog: sure he'll give it serious consideration.
text: They go out together.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - TWO SHOT - MONTGOMERY AND SMITH
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Amusing, isn't it?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: The final plans for the invasion
dialog: of Sicily having been put forward
text: in an Algerian lavatory.
scene_heading: INT. DARKENED HOLD OF LST - DAY
text: In the cavernous darkness there is the ear-splitting roar
text: of tank engines. Then the huge doors in the bow of the
text: vessel open, admitting sudden bright sunlight. <A tank
text: with snorkel equipment moves out of f.g., waddles ponder-
text: ously out onto the ramp.
scene_heading: MED, CLOSE SHOT - TANK
text: Standing in the turret of the tank is Patton, impatient
text: and enraged when the tank hesitates, poised on the edge
text: of the ramp. He cails down into the tank.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Come on -- get the lead out!
dialog: 66
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 53
scene_heading: INT. TANK
text: The DRIVER and the ASSISTANT DRIVER can be seen at the
text: controls, with Patton's legs in evidence from the turret.
text: The engine noise is loud in the confined space, and the
dialog: men have to yell.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT DRIVER
dialog: (to Driver, nervously)
dialog: No! Hold it!
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT DRIVER
dialog: I don't want to get drowned in this
dialog: damn thing.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s. roaring,
dialog: from above)
dialog: Do I have’ to come down there myself?!
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT DRIVER
dialog: (to Driver, gesturing
dialog: him forward) :
dialog: Go ahead. I'd rather drown.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - TANK
text: The huge vehicle waddles forward off the ramp, dropping
text: into the surf that covers its tracks. However, it survives
text: and moves up the beach.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PATTON'S STAFF
text: Carver, Davenport, Bell, Codman and several other officers
text: are watching and grinning as "the old man" demonstretes
text: the new equipment successfully. A staff car drives up and
text: the staff salutes snappily as General Alexander steps out.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - TANK
text: The huge vehicle has stopped at the water line, and Patton
text: jumps down out of the turret as Codman comes into scene.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (exuberantly)
dialog: It works, Codman, it works! With
dialog: that snorkel equipment, we can land
dialog: any place!
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: General Alexander is here, sir --
text: Patton turns, moves off toward staff car.
dialog: 66
dialog: 174
dialog: 54
scene_heading: MED, CLOSE SHOT AT STAFF CAR
text: Patton comes into scene and salutes as Alexander gets out
text: of the car. Alexander returns the salute, then the two
text: men shake hands.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (full of enthusiasm)
dialog: Sir Harold, congratulations on a
dialog: great British invention. If it
dialog: weren't so damn secret I'd like to
dialog: call in the photographers.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: George, I have bad news for you
dialog: about your Sicily plan. I'm afraid
dialog: Ike has turned it down.
text: Patton is both amazed and annoyed.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: He feels that since the Italians
dialog: will be defending their native soil
dialog: for the first time, and since German
dialog: resistance is stiffening, our forces
dialog: shouldn't be divided.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Where do I land then?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: in the Gulf of Gele.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What for? There's nothing there
text: but a beach.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes, but it puts you in good position
dialog: to support Montgomery.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: And where does Montgomery land?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: He'll land in Syracuse and drive
dialog: north to Catania -- possibly even
dialog: Messina. You'll be alongside,
text: protecting his left.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: You mean we get the burden again,
dialog: while good old Monty gets the glory.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 55
dialog: 174 Cont.
dialog: 175
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Ike had to consider all points of
dialog: view. He made his decision not as
text: an American but as an ally.
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: If it were the other way ‘round,
dialog: I assure you Monty would protest.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: No, dammit, I've been in the Army
dialog: thirty years, and when I get an
dialog: order, I say ‘Yes, sir', and do my
dialog: damndest to carry it out.
dialog: (unable to contain
text: his fury, he growls)
dialog: But this is what you get when your
dialog: commander-in-chief stops being an
text: American and becomes an ally.
scene_heading: INT, REICHSCHANCELLERY - MAP ROOM - DAY
text: On a screen in the darkened room we see projected in
text: black and white (and without sound) uncut U.S. Signal
text: Corps footage of Patton landing on the beach at Gela.
text: Harkins and other staff officers are with him.
text: In some of the shots Signal Corps cameramen appear with
text: their hand-held Eyemos. Patton steps off a landing craft
text: and wades ashore with his fiercest expression, pistols on
text: his hips, shiny helmet gleaming, surrounded by his staff.
text: Since this is uncut footage, we see the Signal Corps
scene_heading: slate -- PATTON - SICILY LANDING - ROLL 3. There follows
text: other angles of the same action, revealing that this is
text: staged for the cameras with Patton's willing - if not
dialog: eager - cooperation. We even see him put on his fierce
text: warlike scowl the moment the cameras roll.
dialog: During the above, the following is heard from o.s.:
speaker_heading: JODL'S VOICE
dialog: (9.s8.)
text: Here is the gangster Patton arriving
dialog: on the beach at Gela with his Seventh
dialog: Army.
speaker_heading: STEIGER'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: This film was captured after the
dialog: ianding.
text: Camera pulls back and we recognize the map room in which
text: are seated several Wehrmacht officers in addition to Jodl
text: and Steiger. The room, of course, is in color, the film
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 56
dialog: 175 Cont.
text: on the screen being the only thing in black and white.
text: The Army footage continues, showing action shots of troops
text: going ashore and other aspects of the amphibious landing.
text: The German officers continue their conversation as they
text: watch shots of Patton on the beach yelling orders at
text: individual soldiers, cursing them as he urges them inland.
speaker_heading: GERMAN OFFICER
dialog: I didn't realize he was so tall.
speaker_heading: STEIGER
text: Over six feet.
scene_heading: SECOND GERMAN OFFICER
dialog: He is constantly giving personal
dialog: commands.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: Obviously they now have two prima
dialog: donnas in Sicily -- Montgomery and
dialog: Patton,
text: On the screen there appears a shot of Bradley landing
text: with his troops on another beach. Wearing ordinary GI
text: uniform except for the stars on his helmet, he steps into
text: the surf with a few of his staff, carrying a carbine and
text: almost indistinguishable from the soldiers landing with
text: him. The whole tone is as unpretentious and businesslike
dialog: as Petton was flamboyant.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: There's another three-star general.
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: This is General Bradley. He commands
dialog: the American Second Corps.
speaker_heading: GERMAN OFFICER
text: He looks like a common soldier.
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: He is extremely capable and completely
dialog: unpretentious. Most unusual for a
dialog: general.
dialog: {he turns to find
text: Jodl glaring at him;
dialog: quickly)
dialog: I beg your pardon, sir.
scene_heading: 176 EXT. SICILIAN ROAD - DAY
text: Bradley's jeep moves down road toward Patton's command
dialog: post in b.g.
dialog: 57
scene_heading: 177 aes PATTON'S COMMAND POST - A FARMHOUSE IN SOUTHERN
speaker_heading: ICILY
text: Patton, Bell and Codman are in the elaborate but portable
text: map room. Bell is at a map of Sicily.
speaker_heading: : BELL
dialog: I don't think I've made myself
dialog: clear, sir. It's true that Montgomery
dialog: has met the toughest resistance of the
dialog: campaign here at Catania. However --
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (secretly enjoying
dialog: himself)
dialog: It's perfectly clear. Monty's as
text: stuck as a bug on flypaper.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: ‘(indicating paper
dialog: in bis hand) .
dialog: But this order from General Alexander...
dialog: he's directing you to give up the
dialog: Vizzini-Caltagirone Road and turn it
dialog: over to Montgomery!
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: So Bradley will have to fight his
text: way up the center over tough mountain
dialog: roads -- that's all.
speaker_heading: a BELL
dialog: (eyeing Patton
dialog: uncertainly)
dialog: Yes, sir --
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (nudging Bell, he
text: taps the map at
dialog: Messina) :
dialog: Here's where the ball game is, Bell --
dialog: up here at Messina. If they'd used
dialog: my plan, I'd have been there by this
dialog: time and cut off the escape of every
dialog: damn Kraut and Italian on this island...
dialog: But I'll tell you what I'm going to
dialog: do now. I'm going to Palermo first,
dialog: then I'm going to beat that Limey
dialog: into Messina!
text: Bradley enters,.his face grim, something obviously on
dialog: his mind.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 66
dialog: 177 Cont.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: George -- what's this about taking
dialog: the Vizzini Road away from Second
dialog: Corps?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: General Alexander's orders. He
dialog: says the road goes to Montgomery.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: That road was assigned to me. How
dialog: am I going to move north without
dialog: it? You know the terrain up there.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (his heart bleeding)
dialog: I know, Brad, but Monty's run into
dialog: tough opposition -- very tough.
text: Bradley glances at the map, then eyes Patton with growing
dialog: suspicion.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: George -- you wouldn't be taking
dialog: advantage of this situation, would
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: . PATTON
dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Without that road, all of your army
dialog: but my Second Corps is out of a job.
dialog: Free to go on to Palermo, if you like.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Who said anything about Palermo?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: I can read a map.
dialog: (indicating probing
dialog: salients on map)
dialog: Does Alexander know you've pushed
dialog: out this far?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (waving this aside)
dialog: Hell, that's nothing but a
dialog: reconnaissance in force.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (firmly accusing)
dialog: George, are you telling me I've got
dialog: to slug it out over those mountains
dialog: with heavy resistance just so you
dialog: can make a bigger splash than Monty?
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: 177 Cont.1
speaker_heading: ‘@) PATTON
dialog: (full of helpless
dialog: innocence)
dialog: Brad, I just carry out my orders,
dialog: like the simple old soldier I am.
text: Carver enters with a teletype dispatch in his hand. He
text: nods respectfully to Bradley.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: General Bradley --
dialog: (to Patton)
dialog: Sir, General Alexander's gotten
dialog: wind of your westerly movement.
dialog: He says here: 'Stop immediately.
dialog: Go no farther than Agrigento.
dialog: Repeat, stop immediately.'
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (eyeing Carver
dialog: for a moment)
dialog: That's what you think it says.
dialog: But I think it was garbled in
dialog: transmission. Ask them to re-
dialog: transmit the message -- and take
dialog: your time about it.
dialog: @ (with a wink at Bradley)
dialog: That'll take half a day at least.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: He goes.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Where were we, Brad?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
text: (slowly, accusingly,
text: his eyes fixed on
dialog: Patton)
dialog: We were talking about e simple
dialog: ald soldier...
scene_heading: 178 EXT. ROAD TO PALERMO - LONG SHOT - DaY
text: Columns of Patton's tanks and self-propelled artillery speed
text: along the primitive Sicilian road. There is no resistance
text: ag the tanks barrel along with hatches open and infantry-
text: men on top.
dialog: 66
dialog: 66
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 60
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ON ROAD
text: Patton's armored command car, along with the rest of his
text: entourage, races past a column of two-and-a-half-ton
text: trucks, its siren blasting. A line of Italian prisoners
text: is being herded to the rear.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - PATTON AND CODMAN
text: Standing up in the command vehicle, Patton views the scene
text: of speeding, clanking, irresistible power with undisguised
text: exultation.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (rapturously )
dialog: Look, Cod. Could anything be more
dialog: magnificent?!... I must tell the
dialog: truth -- I love it. Goddammit, I
dialog: do love it!
text: Codman glances at him, not quite sure how to respond.
scene_heading: EXT, HILLY COUNTRY IN SICILY - DAY
text: Bradley's jeep, in which are Bradley, his driver, Hansen
text: and Bradley's Second Aide, drives along a road by a farm-
text: house held by an American infantry platoon, From a
text: hillside nearby, German artillery is pounding the area.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - JEEP
text: As the jeep approaches the farmhouse, the shelling grows
text: more intense. A shell hits too close for comfort and, at
text: a signal from Bradley, all four men bail out.
scene_heading: ANGLE AT FARMHOUSE WALL
text: Bradley and his party take cover. As a shell hits nearby,
text: a GI from the infantry platoon also dives for cover behind
text: the wall. There is another tremendous explosion and
text: debris rains down on the men huddled behind the wall.
text: The GI pulls himseif up, unable to see from his position
text: the insignia worn by the others.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: (disgustedly)
dialog: Wonder what silly sonuvabitch is
dialog: in charge of this operation!
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (with a wry,
dialog: private grin)
dialog: I don't know, but they ought to
dialog: hang him.
dialog: 66
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 61
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S CARAVAN - FULL SHOT ~ DAY
text: A British Colonel stands before the desk of Montgomery,
text: who refers sternly to a piece of paper in his hand.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I want this communique entirely
dialog: rewritten. British armies are never
dialog: "bogged down by enemy resistance’.
text: We ‘momentarily slow our advance to
dialog: prepare for new and stunning blows
dialog: against the enemy'.
dialog: (scathingly)
dialog: If you're going to write, Welkin,
dialog: for God's sake use a little imagination!
scene_heading: EXT. PATTON'S COMMAND POST - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Patton's cavalcade storms up to the headquarters and pulls
text: to a halt. Out in front, as Patton steps down from his
text: command car, is a group of four or five clergymen, in
text: clerical collars, being escorted by the Seventh Army
text: CHAPLAIN. Patton greets him in high good humor.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: ‘Afternoon, Chaplain --
speaker_heading: CHAPLAIN
dialog: General, these gentlemen are here
dialog: from the States looking over our
dialog: program for the spiritual welfare
dialog: of the men.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Good. Stick with us and we'll take
dialog: you into Palermo.
speaker_heading: CLERGYMAN
dialog: (indicating Chaplain)
dialog: Colonel Davis showed us your quarters,
dialog: General Patton, and I was interested
dialog: to see a Bible beside your bed. Do
dialog: you actually find time to read 1%?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Ga dead earnest)
dialog: I sure do... Every goddamn day.
scene_heading: INT, REICHSCHANCELLERY MAP ROOM - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Steiger approaches Jodl, who is studying a wall map of
dialog: the Russian front.
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: Sir -- the Americans have taken
dialog: Palermo!
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: Damn!
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: J
dialog: 66
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 62
scene_heading: EXT. MONTGOMERY'S CARAVAN
text: Montgomery sits at a table, dressed in his roguish, casual
text: Manner, as an AIDE enters.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: General -- Patton's taken Palermo!
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (explosively)
dialog: Damn!
scene_heading: EXT. PALERMO STREET NEAR WATERFRONT - TRUCKING - DAY
text: Camera moves up the inclined road, whizzing past crowds of
text: Sicilians chanting in a definite rhythm: "Viva, viva, viva,
dialog: viva.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - THE PATTON ENTOURAGE
text: Two command cars and two jeeps. With Patton are Codman and
dialog: Davenport.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (enjoying himself
dialog: enormously)
dialog: Palermo is the most conquered
dialog: city in the world. The Phoenicians,
dialog: the Carthaginians, the Romans, the
dialog: Byzantines. Then came the Arabs,
dialog: the Speniards, the Neapolitans.
dialog: And now me.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - CROWDED STREET
text: Patton's vehicles press through the cheering crowd as people
text: offer lemons and watermelons to the victorious Americans.
text: A motorcycle courier makes his way through the crowd,
text: draws up alongside the command car. He holds out a message,
text: which Codman reaches over and takes from his hand.
scene_heading: TwO SHOT - PATTON AND CODMAN
text: Codman has glanced at the message.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: (with a grin)
dialog: This is from General Alexander,
dialog: sir, reminding you that you are
dialog: not to take Palermo.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Send him a message, Codman. Ask
dialog: him if hs wants me to give it back.
dialog: 66
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: ao
dialog: Ae
speaker_heading: MeD. LONG SHOT
text: The Patton convoy comes to a halt in front of a cathedral,
text: at the entrance to which stands a Cardinal in all his finery.
text: Leaving the car, Patton strides over and kisses the Cardinal's
text: ring, a gesture which is theatrically perfect and brings
text: a ringing cheer from the people lining the sidewalk.
scene_heading: EXT. PATTON'S PALAZZO IN PALERMO ~ FULL VIEW - DaY
text: At each of the four corners of the palace a tank, fully
text: manned, stands guard. Patton is conducting a press
text: conference on the lawn. He stands like a conquering king,
text: wearing a custom-tailored whipcord jacket. CORRESPONDENTS
text: sit about the lawn on folding chairs.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: {ebullientiy)
dialog: For a change, let me ask you a
dialog: question. You've just come from
dialog: Washington. What's the reaction
dialog: to our boys taking Palermo?
speaker_heading: CORRESPONDENT #2
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: Well, sir -- the general impression
dialog: is that your Seventh Army berreled
dialog: through token resistance, while
dialog: Montgomery faced the brunt of the
dialog: fighting.
speaker_heading: PATTON
text: (his smile hits the ground
dialog: like a sack of lemons)
dialog: By God, don't they know we took on
dialog: the Eerman Goering Division, the
dialog: toughest outfit in the German army?
speaker_heading: CORRESPONDENT #2
dialog: The people back home are interested
dialog: in you, General. They're curious
dialog: about your peari-handled revolvers.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: They're ivory! Wobody but a pimp
dialog: for a cheap New Orleans whorehouse
dialog: would carry a pearl-handled pistol!
speaker_heading: CORRESPONDENT 33
dialog: What about your languege, Generel?
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: OO
speaker_heading: WY
dialog: 193 Cont.
dialog: 6h
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: When I want something to stick,
dialog: I give it to them loud and dirty
dialog: so they'll remember it.
speaker_heading: CORRESPONDENT 72
dialog: How do the men react to that?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: God dammnit, I don't want these men to
dialog: love me -- I want them to fight
dialog: Tor me!
dialog: (eyes flashing, jaw set)
speaker_heading: CORRESPONDENT #2
dialog: Ernie Pyle says you've got a
dialog: secret weapon here in Sicily --
dialog: General Bradley. ‘The GI General'
dialog: -- that's what Ernie calls him.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (gruffly)
dialog: Omer Bradley's no secret. He's a
dialog: damn fine commander.
speaker_heading: CORRESPONDENT 73
dialog: Whet's your feeling about Montgomery?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: He's the best generel the Limeys
dialog: have. But he's more concerned
dialog: about not losing a battle than
text: he is about winning one.
speaker_heading: CORRESPONDENT #3
dialog: (baiting him)
dialog: You think he's not aggressive enough
dialog: -- is that correct?
text: Patton notices the men have been scribbling furiously,
text: starts to pull back.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: a,
speaker_heading: 193 Cont.1
dialog: 64-A
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Now, wait a minute, boys -- I've
dialog: been getting into enough trouble
dialog: lately. Yesterday the Inspector
dialog: General's office told me my Italian
dialog: prisoners didn't have enough latrines.
dialog: They never knew what a goddamn latrine
dialog: was until I showed them!
dialog: (this gets a laugh)
dialog: So if anything I've said sounded
dialog: critical of my distinguished British
dialog: colleague -- I hope you'll just
dialog: forget it.
dialog: (again unable to
dialog: resist, he smiles)
dialog: I will tell you this, off the record.
dialog: I'm going to beat the sonuvabitch into
dialog: Messina!
scene_heading: 194 INT, MONTGOMERY'S CARAVAN - CLOSE SHOT - FRONT PAGE
speaker_heading: NEWSPAPER - DAY
text: The headline reads: PATTON VOWS TO TAKE MESSINA,
text: RESCUE STALLED BRITISH ALLIES
text: Camera pulls back to reveal the newspaper is in
text: Montgomery's hand. Monty is building up a head of steam
text: as he reads. MAJOR GENERAL DE GUINGAND enters with a
text: report in his hand.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: MAJOR GENERAL FRANCIS W. DE GUINGAND,
scene_heading: MONTGOMERY'S CHIEF OF STAFF
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: a,
dialog: 194 Cont.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: Freddy, do you realize what this
dialog: madman Patton is seying? He's
dialog: going to save our skins by taking
dialog: Messina}
speaker_heading: DE GUINGAND
dialog: You might find this report interesting,
dialog: sir. :
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
text: (his smoldering
dialog: jealousy building)
dialog: Here I am in these bloody marshes,
dialog: fighting malaria as well as Germans,,.
text: while he's taking Palermo without
dialog: opposition and getting all the glory.
dialog: (having glanced at
dialog: report, elatedly)
dialog: Well! Now he's up against three good
text: Jerry divisions and he's stuck for a
dialog: change... He's not going to get
dialog: Messina. That's reserved for the
dialog: British Eighth Army and me!
scene_heading: 195 EXT. PATTON'S ADVANCE COMMAND POST (A FARMHOUSE IN
scene_heading: NORTHERN SICILY) - MED. SHOT - BRADLEY AND GENERAL
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT = DAY
text: They are walking through an olive grove toward the head-
text: quarters, Both men appear concerned, preoccupied,
text: ARTILLERY FIRE can be heard in the distance.
scene_heading: 196 TWO SHOT - BRADLEY AND TRUSCOTT
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: It's very simple, Lucian. Terry
text: Allen's bogged down east of Troina.
dialog: Youtre bogged down on the coast
dialog: road. We need an end run here to
dialog: break things loose.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: MAJOR GENERAL LUCIAN K. TRUSCOTT, JR.,
scene_heading: COMMANDING GENERAL, THIRD INFANTRY
speaker_heading: DIVISION
scene_heading: 197 MED. SHOT ~ ENTRANCE TO COMMAND POST
text: Patton has appeared at the doorway of the farmhouse.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 197 Cont.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: FATTON
dialog: Gentlemen, do you realize where we
dialog: are? We're'in an olive grove where
dialog: Hannibal may have wandered.
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: Lucian! How's my little fighting
dialog: sonuvabitch?
dialog: (motioning them
dialog: inside)
dialog: Come on in. Brad and I have a job
dialog: for you. We tried the same thing
dialog: last week and picked up twelve miles.
dialog: Everybody from old man Churchill on
dialog: down was waving our flag.
scene_heading: 198 INT. PATTON'S COMMAND POST - FULL SHOT
text: Patton crosses to map, jabs with his cigar, describing
text: en arc around the Germen defenses on coast road.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Lucian -- we want you to senda
dialog: reinforced battalion by sea to make
text: @ landing up hsre behind the Kraut lines.
dialog: Last week we brought in sixteen hundred
dialog: prisoners that way.
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: General Bradley says you want me to
text: tie this in with a land-based attack.
speaker_heading: PATION
dialog: That's right... I want a coordinated
dialog: assault the morning of the eleventh.
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: I don't think we can make the linkup
dialog: by the eleventh.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Hell, it's only fifteen or twenty miles!
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: General, my boys have been fighting
dialog: and dying for yards.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Maybe you better Kick a few butts if
dialog: you have to.
dialog: (a warm personal appeal)
dialog: Lucian -+ I recommended you for your
dialog: DSM end your last promotion. JI know
dialog: what you can do if you put your mind
dialog: to it.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: @
dialog: 66
dialog: 198 Cont.
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: I'm sorry -- I can't do the impossible!
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Dammnit, Lucian, you're too old an
dialog: athlete to think you can postpone a
dialog: match that's been scheduled.
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: You're an old athlete yourself, sir.
dialog: You know that matches sometimes are
dialog: postponed.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: George -- if Lucian's right and we
dialog: can't back it up by land, our end
dialog: run could ‘be a disaster. Those men
dialog: might get caught up there on the
text: beach and cut to pieces.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (thoroughly annoyed)
dialog: What's the matter with you two?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: All we're talking about is not
dialog: rushing in before we're ready...
dialog: Give him an extra day.
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: Just one more day --
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: I will like heli! The landing is
dialog: on. We're going to Messina and
dialog: we're going to get there before
dialog: Monty does.
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: What's so important about that?
text: Infuriated by this challenge to his own indefensible
text: position, Patton seethes.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Truscott, if your conscience won't
dialog: let you conduct this operation, I
dialog: will relieve you and let someone
dialog: else do it.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: O
speaker_heading: WF
dialog: os
speaker_heading: oO.
dialog: 68
dialog: 198 Cont.2
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: General, it's your privilege to
dialog: relieve me anytime you want to.
text: There is a long moment, during which Patton gets his anger
text: under control. He speaks with absolute authority.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Gentlemen, this match will not be
dialog: postponed.
dialog: (to Truscott)
dialog: You got any questions?
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: No, sir.
text: Patton breaks the tension by setting out three glasses
text: from a tray on his desk and reaching for the decanter.
speaker_heading: PATTOW
dialog: (as he pours three drinks)
dialog: Llucian -- you're a good man, but
dialog: you're too damn conservative...
dialog: You know what Frederick the Great
dialog: said? Always audacity! 'Ltaudace,
dialog: l'audace, toujovrs l'audace!!
dialog: (shoving *® glass
dialog: toward Truscott)
dialog: Come on -- let's have a drink.
text: Unwilling to bend the knee, Truscott speaks with quiet
dialog: dignity.
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: Excuse me, sir -- I'm not going to
dialog: be drinking the next couple of days.
text: He salutes, turns and goes out. Patton glances over to
text: find Bradley's eyes staring at him evenly.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Ceorge, if anything happens to those
dialog: men, I want to be with them.
speaker_heading: * PATTON
dialog: Well, you're not going -~- so forget
dialog: it.
dialog: (belligerently resentful)
dialog: What are you trying to tell me --
dialog: that Truscott's right?
dialog: Cont.
dialog: ©
dialog: 66
dialog: 69
dialog: 198 Cont.2
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 201-
dialog: 20h,
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (his sense of outrage
dialog: taking over)
dialog: You're gambling with the lives of
dialog: those boys just so you can beat
dialog: Montgomery into Messina. If you
dialog: pull it off, you're a hero. But
dialog: if you don't, what about them?
dialog: Think about the ordinary combat
dialog: soldier, He doesn't share your
dialog: dreams of glory. He's stuck here --
dialog: living out every day with death
text: tugging at his elbow.
dialog: {his bitter anger
dialog: growing)
dialog: There's one big difference betwean
dialog: you and me, George. I do this job
dialog: because I'm trained to do it. You
dialog: do it because you love it!
text: Bradley turns and walks out, leaving Patton staring afte>
dialog: hin.
scene_heading: EXT. GROUP OF LANDING CRAFT OFF SHORE - NIGHT
scene_heading: INT. LCI - MED. SHOT
text: Combat-equipped infantrymen are huddled in the dark
text: landing craft, torn as always between hope and fear.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF CUTS
text: A. The landing craft let down their ramps with a huge
dialog: splash.
text: B. They disgorge their cargo of assault troops.
text: C. The infantrymen make e silent and unopposed dash
text: across the sand to an embankment beside the coast
dialog: road.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - ROAD
text: From far down the road the sound of an approaching ENGIN:
text: is heard. In a momens we can see a motorcycle with side-
text: car, then we recognize the rider as a Cerman soldier.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - TRUCKING - LINE OF RIFLEMEN
text: In the dark, the word is passed in a whisper from one
text: rifleman to the next, eamera following as each man
text: receives and passes on the message:
dialog: Cont,
dialog: 70
dialog: 206 Cont.
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 210-
dialog: 211
dialog: 212-
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: RIFLEMAN
dialog: Hold your fire.
text: This is repeated in turn by two or three succeeding
dialog: riflemen.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON =MBANKMENT
text: The silence is shattered by the sharp clatter of the motor-
text: eycle's engine. Shooting down the line of riflemen, we
text: can see their heads turn as the word to hold fire is
text: passed toward camera. But a soldier in f.g. who has not
text: yet got the word, sees the approaching German cyclist. He
text: raises his rifle and fires.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT ON ROAD
text: as the German cyclist is hit. He screams and his motor-
text: eycle slews wildly off the road, depositing his twisted
text: body in a ditch.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT AT EMBANKMENT
text: Shooting over the riflemen taking cover behind it. There
text: is a sudden, startling flash of light as a parachute flare
text: illuminates the area. Then, from the wooded rise across
text: the road, all hell breaks loose. Machine guns, mortars
text: and small arms fire suddenly comes pouring onto the beach.
speaker_heading: SERI=S OF CUTS
text: German machine guns and mortars firing.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF CUTS
text: The American Infantrymen take what cover they can egainst
text: the enbankment, but the mortar shells lob in as they find
dialog: the range.
text: A. Infantryman getting hit.
text: B. Landing craft shoving off beach under heavy mortar fire.
text: C, Riflemen who have scrambled to the top of the enbank-
text: ment to fire are cut down by machine gun bursts.
scene_heading: INT, PATTON'S HEADQUARTERS aT FORWARD COMMAND POST -
scene_heading: FOLL SHOT - DAY
text: Carver is on a field phone and Patton is pacing the floor;
text: his face a storm cloud of frustration.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: C) 215 Cont.
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
dialog: 66
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: (holding the phone)
dialog: Those men on the beach are really
dialog: catching hell, General. Truscott's
dialog: men are doing their best, but we have
dialog: no replacements for him and he cantt
text: break through to the coast.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (with sudden grim
dialog: decision)
dialog: I'm going up there myself.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK (CENTRAL SICILY) - MED. SHOT ~ DAY
text: A column of tanks is halted beside the river. The COLONEL
text: in command, his helmet off, is fuming over a map with a
text: couple of staff officers.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s., roaring as
dialog: from a distance)
dialog: Colonel -- !
text: The Colonel looks up, stares across the river in amazement.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: How the hell did he get over there?
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PATTON
text: standing on the opposite bank, yelling.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What the hell are you waiting for?!
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - COLONEL
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Looking for a place to ford, General.
dialog: I sent out a patrol to reconnoiter.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PATTON
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I've already done that. Down by
dialog: those trees this sewer's only three
text: feet deep.
dialog: (lashing out)
dialog: You get that outfit cranked up or
dialog: you're going so be out of a job!
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
speaker_heading: 223
dialog: 72
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - COLONEL
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (quaking)
dialog: Yes, sirl
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (roaring)
dialog: And put that helmet on!
text: Fumbiing for his helmet, the Colonel hastens to comply.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED ARZA - MED. LONG SHOT - AMERICAN INFANTRY - DAY
text: An infantry platoon rises up from positions of cover
text: and moves forward. Almost immediately they are taken
text: under heavy machine-gun fire.
scene_heading: INT. BATTALION COMMAND POST (A BOMB-DAMAGED PEASANT HUT) -
speaker_heading: DaY
text: In the tiny room there are Patton and Stiller; a shattered
text: LISUTENANT COLONEL, who is battalion commander; a Major,
text: who is his executive; and a communications SERGEANT.
text: Patton is taking the hide off the Lieutenant Colonel,
text: who is trying to defend himself.
scene_heading: LIEUTENANT COLONEL
dialog: The reason we're pinned down, General,
dialog: is we can't get any air support.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: The hell with that! Nobody's getting
dialog: air support!
dialog: (raging)
dialog: If you can't put some fire under this
dialog: battalion, Colonel, by God we'll find
dialog: somebody who can!
text: (jabbing a forefinger at
dialog: the Major)
dialog: I'm putting you in command, Major!
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: I'll give you four hours -- and if you
dialog: don't break through to that beachhead,
dialog: I'll fire youl
text: Patton turns and stalks out, followed by Stiller.
speaker_heading: . SERGEANT
dialog: Colonel, there are fifty thousand
dialog: men on this island who'd like to
dialog: shoot that sonuvabitch.
scene_heading: OUTSKIRTS SMALL TOWN IN CENTRAL SICILY - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: A mechanized artillery outfit -- guns, trucks, weapons,
text: etc. -- is stalled and bunched up on the road leading
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 66
dialog: 73
dialog: 223 Cont.
dialog: 22k
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
text: into the little town, making a perfect target for air
text: attack. Patton's command car barrels into scene and he
text: is livid when he sees the vulnerable column of motionless
text: equipment. He yells to a SERGEANT in a weapons carrier.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (roaring)
dialog: what's holding up this column?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (appalled when he
dialog: recognizes the
dialog: apoplectic face of
dialog: Patton)
dialog: I -- I don't know, sir --
text: From o.s. there is the sound of approaching aircraft.
text: Patton glances up, then gives his driver a poke in the
dialog: back. —
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Let's go.
text: The driver pulls the car off onto the shoulder of the road
text: and roars ahead, steeving an expert but dangerous course
text: between the stalled colvmn and the steep ditch beside th:
text: road. The roar of the planes is almost overhead now.
scene_heading: LONG ANGLE - TWO HEINAEL FIGHTER-BOMBERS
text: The German planes open up with their machine guns.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE STALL:3D COLUMN (P.9.V. THE PLANES)
text: as the planes strafe the entire length of the sitting
text: duck column, Men scatter and some are cut down. Patton's
text: command car continues to skirt the edge of the road at
dialog: top speed,
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - PATTON'S COMMAND CAR
text: Machine-gun fire spatters all around it. The driver duc‘cs
text: down as best he can. Codman and the others are on the
text: floor. But Patton is still standing, his jaw jutting in
text: angry defiance.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (his voice cool)
dialog: Pull up over there.
speaker_heading: AVGLE IN BRIDGE
text: This is a narrow bridge leading into the tiny town. On
text: the bridge we see what is holding up the column. A
dialog: cont.
speaker_heading: OQ
dialog: 66
dialog: ans
dialog: 227 Cont.
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
text: SICILIAN PEASANT, alternately crying and shouting, is
text: trying to coax a team of donkeys attached to his cart to
text: move off the bridge so the machinery of war can get across.
text: An exasperated MAJOR, along with a couple of noncoms, tries
dialog: to aid in moving the donkeys.
text: Suddenly Patton is upon them.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What the hell's going on here?
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Sir, it's these mules --
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (furious)
dialog: They're jackasses}! You let a whole
text: column get stalled and strafed on
dialog: account of a couple of jackasses?
dialog: What the hell's the matter with you?
text: Before the Sicilian has time to do more than cry out in
text: protest, Patton has drawn his pistol.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
text: He fires twice, There is a scream of anguish from the
dialog: Sicilian.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: The donkeys now lie motionless on the bridge.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (to the Major
dialog: and his men)
dialog: Don't just stand there! Dump them
dialog: in the river!
text: The men move to obey, pushing the heavy corpses over the
dialog: side.
text: VIEW ON THE WATER
text: as the beasts hit the river. We see in the reflection
text: that the column is moving again.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - UP ANGLE - THE TWO HEINKELS
text: They bank into a steep turn to come back for another pass
text: at the helpless column,
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - WING GUNS - HEINKEL
text: The machine euns clatter as they go into their second
text: strafing run.
dialog: 66
dialog: 233
dialog: 23k
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 75
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT AT BRIDGE
text: The column is gathering speed as it clatters across the
text: bridge. The planes roar over, but the moving equipment
text: is harder to hit. Patton stands alone at the side of the
text: bridge, oblivious to the machine-gun fire stitching the
text: area around him, impatiently waving the vehicles across
dialog: and urging them to greater speed.
scene_heading: EXT, ROAD IN CENTRAL SICILY - MED. LONG SHOT - DAY
text: On the bright sunlit road Patton's vehicles, returning
text: from the front, have slowed to avoid a truck convoy headed
text: toward the front. On the other side of the road, headed
text: back, is a straggling line of GIs, the walking wounded,
text: interspersed with an occasional ambulance and even a
text: litter carried by mud-and-blood-encrusted medics. They
text: are in strange and shocking contrast to Patton's shiny,
text: polished car with its colorful banners and insignie,
text: which overtakes them going in the same direction.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - WALKING WOUNDED
text: Their wounds covered with temporary blood-soaked bandages,
text: the men bearded and gaunt, bone-weary and numb with
text: pain. Those whose eyes are bandaged are led by others.
text: Those with leg wounds are given support by their fellows,
text: Crude splints, improvised crutches and slings are every-
text: where. The men stare hollow-eyes at the Patton vehicles.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
text: His face remains hawklike and unyielding, but something
text: in his eyes indicates the twinge of guilt and sympathy he
text: is unwilling to reveal.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT + TWO WOUNDED SOLDIERS
text: One is naked to the waist, his chest heavily bandaged.
text: The other is hobbling along, with the aid of an improvised
text: erutch, on a badly shattered foot. They stare up at
text: Patton, who is passing by slowly.
scene_heading: FIRST WOUNDED SOLDIER
dialog: There he goes -- 'old blood and guts.'
scene_heading: SECOND WOUNDED SOLDIER
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Yeah -- our blood and his guts.
scene_heading: EXT, ROAD - MED. CLOSE SHOT - IN COMMAND CAR - DAY
text: Shooting over Patton's shoulder, with his driver at the
text: wheel. On the road up ahead is a sign with an arrow that
text: reads: 19TH EVACUATION HOSPITAL.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 66
dialog: 76
dialog: 236 Cont.
dialog: 239
dialog: 243
text: Patton taps the driver on the shoulder, indicates with his
text: pointed finger that he is to follow the arrow, The drivar
text: starts to turn off the road.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL TENT - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Patton is walking down the aisle, accompanied by a Medical
text: Corps COLONEL, the Ward Surgeon and the ever-present Codman.
text: The patients here are all badly wounded. Some are amputzes,
text: some have bandages covering their entire faces, some are
text: - getting plasma. Patton stops by each bed with a word for
text: each man. We can't hear what he's saying until:
text: Camera moves in on Patton as he stops by one of the beds,
text: occupied by a MEXICAN-AMERICAN SOLDIER. Patton glances at
text: the name tag on the bed,
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Where'd you get it, Gomez?
scene_heading: MEXICAN-AMERICAN SOLDIER
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: In the chest, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You might be interested in this -- the
dialog: last German I saw had no chest and no
dialog: head either.
dialog: (pats his arm)
dialog: Get well quickly, son.
text: Moving on, Patton has to pause as a mobile stretcher is
text: pushed by. On it is a man's body, covered completely by
text: a sheet. Patton moves on to a bed where a soldier lies
text: pale and motionless under an oxygen mask. The man is
text: unconscious and he is breathing heavily and with difficulty.
text: His entire upper body is heavily bandaged. Patton turns
text: to Godman with a gesture, and Codman produces a Purple
text: Heart medal out of a briefcase he carries. Patton pins
text: the medal onto the pillowcase of the unconscious soldier.
text: Then he kneels beside the boy's bed, takes off his helmet,
text: and bows his head in prayer for a moment.
scene_heading: INDIVIDUAL REACTIONS
text: The Colonel, a nurse, a medical corpsman. The gesture is
text: so corny and improbable that they each stare, even though
text: moved, stunned and disbelieving. Is this the Patton
dialog: they've heard so much about?
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: as Patton rises and moves on. He comes upon a young GI
text: sitting on a bed fully clothed, wearing a helmet liner,
text: with no sign of a dressing or a wound. Patton eyes him
dialog: suspiciously.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: @ 243 Cont.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What's the master with you?
speaker_heading: ‘GI
dialog: I -- I guess I just can't take it,
dialog: sir,
text: The boy begins to cry.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: GI
dialog: Sir, it's my nerves. I can't stand
text: the shelling anymore.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (his voice rising)
dialog: Your nerves hell] You're just a
dialog: goddamn coward!
text: The soldier actually starts crying now and Patton slaps
text: him hard across the face.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: @ Shut up! I won't have e yellow
dialog: bastard sit here crying in front
dialog: of these brave men who've been
text: wounded in battle.
text: Patton strikes the man again. The man's helmet liner
text: falls off and rolis across the floor.
speaker_heading: PATTON
text: {shouting now at the top
dialog: of his lungs)
dialog: Don't admit this yellow bastard.
dialog: There's nothing the matter with him,
dialog: I don't want sonsuvbitches who
dialog: haven't the guts to fight stinking
dialog: up this place of honor.
dialog: (to soldier)
dialog: You're going back to the front}
dialog: You may get shot and killed, but
dialog: you're going back to fight. Hither
dialog: that or I'll stand you up in front
dialog: of a firing squad!
text: His right hand drops to his holster.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: } I ought to shoot you myself, you
dialog: VY goddamn whimpering coward!
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: 243 Cont.1
text: A team of medical officers quickly takes the sobbing boy
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: {screaming) .
dialog: Send him up to the front. You hear
dialog: me,.e. goddamn coward!
text: Patton suddenly realizes that everyone in the tent is
text: staring at him.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I won't have cowards in my army!
scene_heading: EXT. BRADLEY'S TRAILER COMMAND POST - DAY
text: Bradley sits in the sunlight under the makeshift awning
text: of his trailer. Patton's command car drives up and
text: Bradley rises to meet him. Still strained and apprehensive,
text: Patton doesn't get out.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I had to kick some butts up there,
dialog: but Truscott finally broke through
dialog: to those people on the beach.
speaker_heading: ERADLEY
dialog: {unable to resist;
dialog: evenly)
dialog: You get -the casualty reports?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (his face momentarily
dialog: clouding)
dialog: Yeah -- I got 'em.
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: What's the latest on the coast
dialog: road?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: The 3rd Division's east of Brolo,
text: heading toward Messina.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: The hell you say!
dialog: (with sudden elation)
dialog: Let's get dressed up and go over
dialog: there. I want to go in with the
dialog: troops!
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: You go ahead, George. I'm not very
dialog: good at that.
text: Patton glances at him, looking for implied criticism, but
text: finds none, After a moment, defensively:
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 719
dialog: 24 Cont.
speaker_heading: 2k5
speaker_heading: 2u6
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I know about the casualties we took.
dialog: But if we hadn't made that end run,
dialog: God knows how many more we would
dialog: have had.
text: Patton signals to his driver, who pulls the car out fast.
text: Bradley watches it disappear, is turning back to his
text: trailer when Hansen comes into scene carrying a typewritten
dialog: sheet.
speaker_heading: HANSEN
dialog: Sir, General Kean wanted you to see
dialog: this... It's about General Patton.
dialog: {handing message to
dialog: Bradley
dialog: It came in to the surgeon from the
dialog: CO of the One hundred Forty-ninth
dialog: Evacuation Hospital.
text: Bradley looks over the report and his face goes grave.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Anyone else see this?
speaker_heading: HANSEN
dialog: No, sir -- just General Kean and
dialog: the surgeon.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Put it in an envelope and lock it
dialog: up in my sefe.
speaker_heading: HANSEN
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Bradley hands the message back to Hansen, shakes his heai
text: gravely. Then as Hansen starts away: .
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Chet -- mark it to be opened only
dialog: by you or me,
scene_heading: EXT. COAST ROAD (NORTHERN SICILY) - HED. SHOT - DAY
text: In the turret of the leading tank of an armored column
text: stands Patton, his polished helmet shining, looking every
text: inch the conquering hero, The clatter of armor as the
text: column races across the peaceful countryside toward
text: Messina brings excitement to his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT, A ROAD OUT OF CATANIA (EAST COAST OF SICILY) - DAY
text: A British convoy moves along the road northward to Messina.
text: General Montgomery stands along the roadside, smiling ani
dialog: Cont.
dialog: “
dialog: 66
dialog: 80
dialog: 246 Cont.
speaker_heading: 2h7
dialog: 28
text: returning the friendly waves of his men. We notice that
text: in contrast with the American troops the men of the Eighth
dialog: Army dress any way they please. Because of the heat, most
text: of them are half naked. One of the enlisted men shouts
text: out as his tank passes the sweater-wearing General.
speaker_heading: BRITISH SOLDIER
dialog: Hello, there, Monty.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Hello, yourself.
text: Another vehicle has a driver who is absolutely naked and
text: wears a silk top hat. He laughingly tips his hat to his
text: General. Montgomery breaks out into laughter; then, after
text: that vehicle passes, turns to his Aide dryly:
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Issue an order: Henceforth, top
dialog: hats will not be worn by members
dialog: of the Eighth Army.
text: Another vehicle full of cheering men passes.
scene_heading: SECOND BRITISH SOLDIER
dialog: Fifty kilometers to Messina, Monty!
text: He waves back, smiling and nodding.
scene_heading: EXT. MESSINA - DAY
text: Highland Pipers strut proudly toward the main square of
text: the bomb-damaged town, their pipes blaring. Montgomery's
text: command car is behind them. They round a corner, then
text: stop, the wind in the bags remaining for a dissonant
text: moment. Montgomery climbs out of his car, takes a few
text: steps forward so he can look around the corner.
scene_heading: MONTGOMERY'S P.0.V.
text: Patton, with folded arms, standing before the town hall,
text: packed by his nattily uniformed staff: Stiller, Codman,
text: Bell, Davenport, Carver. Ali about the square are American
text: vehicles'and men. Patton wears a triumphant smile on his
text: face. Montgomery approaches Patton.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Don't smirk, Patton, I shan't kiss
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: That's a pity, because I shaved very
dialog: close this morning in preparation for
dialog: getting smacked by you.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 81
dialog: 248 Cont.
dialog: 29
dialog: A-29
text: Montgomery smiles and salutes. Patton returns it smartly.
text: The pipers begin their tune once again as Montgomery turns
text: and moves back toward his vehicle.
dialog: our
scene_heading: INT. BAR IN MESSINA - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
text: The bar is full of soldiers, all neatly uniformed, Patton
text: fashion, and there are plenty of MPs in evidence. A
text: reporter nemed LARRY DOYLE, in correspondent's uniform,
text: is being half-led, half-dragged to the bar by a big,
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTHED GI.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTHED SOLDIER
dialog: Here's the man you're looking for,
dialog: Mr. Doyle. He's my buddy and he was
dialog: there! Saw the whole thing!
text: (to a quiet, diffident
dialog: man having a drink
dialog: with another G1)
dialog: Go on -- tell him, Charlie!
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You actually saw this happen?
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTHED SOLDIER
dialog: (before he can
dialog: answer
dialog: Saw it? He was right in the next
dialog: bed! Patton took ons look at this
text: GI, hauled off and hit him across
dialog: the face!
dialog: (jumping around as
dialog: he acts it out)
text: Then he grabs him and kicks hin.
dialog: But hard. Knocked him ass over
dialog: teakettle. :
speaker_heading: THIRD SOLDIER
dialog: (getting his oar in)
dialog: All the time he was calling him
dialog: every dirty name in the book.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Were you there, too?
speaker_heading: THIRD SOLDIER
dialog: No -- Charlie told us.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTHED SOLDIER
text: Then he took out his guns and
dialog: threatened to shoot this guy!
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 82
dialog: A-249 Cont.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (to Quiet Soldier)
dialog: He actually threatened to shoot
dialog: him?
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTHED SOLDIER
dialog: ( jumping in)
dialog: Would I lie to you?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (trying to sideslip
dialog: Loudmouth )
dialog: Charlie -- what do you think they
dialog: should do to General Patton for this?
speaker_heading: THIRD SOLDIER
dialog: They oughta give him a medical
text: discharge. He's mentally deranged.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTHED SOLDIER
dialog: When you've got Patton, who needs
dialog: Hitler?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I'm asking him.
speaker_heading: QUIET SOLDIER
dialog: If he wants to kick me in the ass
dialog: a few times, it's all right with
dialog: me. I think Patton'll get me home
dialog: safe.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTHED SOLDIER
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: He'll get you home in a box!
speaker_heading: THIRD SOLDIER
dialog: (the broken record)
dialog: If you ask ms, they oughta give
dialog: him e medical discharge.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTHED SOLDIER
dialog: Who the hell asked you? You weren't
dialog: even there!
scene_heading: 250 pe PATTON'S PALAZZO HEADQUARTERS IN PALERMO - MED. SHOT -
dialog: A .
text: In f.g. Patton sits slumped in a huge chair, his face
text: clouded in deep depression. His very motionlessness is
text: in stark contrast to his usual kinetic energy. One
text: lifeless hand, holding a letter, rests in his lap.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: @
dialog: 66
dialog: 83
dialog: 250 Cont. a
text: In b.g. Bradley is admitted by Codman, who gestures
text: Bradley in silently, then goes out himself, Bradley
text: moves forward, a little puzzled by Patton's failure to
text: turn and greet him.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: You wanted to see me, George?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (lifelessly)
dialog: I've got a letter here from Ike.
text: He hands the letter to Bradley without looking up. As
text: Bradley starts to read the letter, Patton speaks in a
text: strained, making-conversation tone.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I was rereading Caesar's ‘Commentaries!
dialog: the other night. In battle, Caesar
text: wore a red robe so he would be clearly
dialog: distinguishable from his men. I was
dialog: struck by this fact because -=
dialog: (he suddenly pauses, ©
dialog: sWallows; we sense he's
dialog: been kicked in the stomach)
dialog: 'Despicable'...
dialog: (closing his eyes
dialog: in pain
dialog: First time in my life anybody ever
dialog: applied that word to me.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (looking up, gently)
dialog: At least it's a personal reprimand -~
dialog: not official.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (suddenly, violently)
dialog: That man was yellow! Should have
dialog: been tried for cowardice and shot!
text: (then, just as suddenly,
dialog: confused)
dialog: Have they forgotten about all the
dialog: people who are getting a hell of 6
dialog: lot worse than a little kick in the
dialog: pants?... I ruffled his pride a
dialog: little, What's that compared to war?,..
dialog: Two weeks ago, When we took Palermo,
dialog: I was a hero -- the greatest general
dialog: since Stonewall Jackson. Now they
dialog: draw cartoons about me -- the dirty
dialog: bastards.
dialog: Cont,
dialog: ©
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 250 Cont.1
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254.
speaker_heading: PATTON (Cont.)
dialog: (hands a newspaper
dialog: clipping to Bradley)
dialog: They've got me holding a little
text: GI and kicking him with an iron
dialog: boot.
dialog: {his rage and resentment
dialog: building)
dialog: You see what's on that boot? A
dialog: swastika! On my boot! An iron
dialog: boot with a swastika on it!
text: He takes the letter from Bradley, slumps back in his
text: chair, reads in a dead, lifeless voice.
speaker_heading: _ ‘PATTON
dialog: ',.. you will apologize to the soldier
dialog: you slapped, so all doctors and nurses
dialog: who were present in the tent, to every
dialog: patient who can be reached, and last
dialog: but not least, to the Seventh Army as
dialog: a whole, through individual units, one
dialog: at a time.'
text: Bradley looks at Patton with genuine sympathy.
speaker_heading: FATTON
dialog: God, I feel low.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL OF PATTON'S PALAZZO IN PALERMO - FULL SHOT -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Patton kneels, praying, in the nave in front of a huge
text: Byzantine marble candleholder. The morning sunlight
text: stabs through the windows of the dome.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Patton rises and we see that he is dressed in his typical
text: magnificence. He isaves the chapel.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PALAZZO - FULL SHOT
text: Men of Patton's commend are gathered outside. They
text: immediately become silent as Patton's impressive figure
text: strides across the entrance to the head of a broad
dialog: stairway.
speaker_heading: AN OFFICER
speaker_heading: ATTEN-SHUN!
speaker_heading: MOVING SHOT
text: As Patton proceeds to the center, we see the faces of
text: young GIs watching him. We see the nurses, the doctors
text: who had been present in the tent.
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
dialog: 257-
dialog: 25
dialog: 66
dialog: 85
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - PATTON
text: He looks over the men intently, takes a deep breath, pulls
text: himself to his full height.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I thought I'd stand up here and let
dialog: you fellows see if I'mas big a
dialog: sonuvabitch as some of you think I am.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: Digarmed, the GIs go wild! First, with laughter, then
text: with cheers. This pleases Patton. He finally holds his
text: hands up for silence.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (with quiet dignity)
dialog: I assure you I had no intention of
dialog: being either harsh or cruel in my
dialog: treatment of the soldier in question.
dialog: My sole purpose was to try and restore
dialog: in him some appreciation of his
dialog: obligations as a man and & soldier.
dialog: If one can shame a coward, I felt,
dialog: one might help him regain his self-
dialog: respect... It was this I had in
dialog: mind -- though I admit freely now
dialog: that my method was wrong... I hope
dialog: you will understand my motive --
dialog: and will accept this explanation
dialog: and this apology... Dismissed.
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE NEWSREEL
scene_heading: NEWSREEL TITLE: PATTON SOLDIER-SLAPPING
scene_heading: STIRS HEATED CONTROVERSY
scene_heading: A. MED. SHOT - WOMAN aT PODIUM
text: A middle-aged WOMAN speaks before half a dozen micro-
dialog: phones,
speaker_heading: ( ) NARRATOR'S VOICE
text: O68.
dialog: Mrs. Hilda Scott, National President
dialog: of Mothers for America, gives us the
dialog: women's point of view:
speaker_heading: MRS, SCOTT
dialog: As a woman, I think that monster
dialog: Patton should be thrown out of the
dialog: Army! As a mother, I demand it!
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 86
dialog: 257- Cont.
speaker_heading: 259
scene_heading: B MED, CLOSE SHOT - CONGRESSMAN AT SMALL LECTERN
speaker_heading: ( ) NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: 0.8.
dialog: Congressional opinion is sharply
dialog: divided, Debating the subject
dialog: here is Representative William Shaw,
dialog: of Omaha, Nebraska:
scene_heading: REPRESENTATIVE SHAW
text: (shaking his jowls
dialog: he takes his stand)
dialog: My friends, if you have a good
dialog: thoroughbred racehorse that bites
text: and kicks the stableboy, but wins
dialog: a race for you every Saturday,
dialog: you'd be crazy to take him out and
dialog: shoot him, wouldn't you?
text: He waits for and gets his applause. Meanwhile:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: (o.8.)
dialog: This point of view is opposed by
dialog: Congressman Sam Buckman, of California.
text: Camera executes a hand-held pan to another Congressman
text: standing at a similar lectern across the stage.
scene_heading: REPRESENTATIVE BUCKMAN
dialog: I say to you, ladies and gentlemen,
dialog: that we happen to care about our
dialog: stableboys! We think they're worth
dialog: a good deal more than winning a horse
dialog: race!
text: There is wild applause.
scene_heading: (NOTE: END OF NEWSREEL)
dialog: 66
dialog: 260
dialog: 87
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S PALAZZO HEADQUARTERS IN PALERMO - MED. SHOT
speaker_heading: (TRUCKING) - NIGHT
text: Camera moves ahead of Patton and Meeks as they move through
text: a series of offices toward Patton's private office.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: It is my belief, Meeks, that the
dialog: temple we saw today marks the spot
dialog: where Hasdrubal committed suicide
dialog: in 397 B.C., and that the Greeks
dialog: built that temple to celebrate the
dialog: act. But when the Carthaginians
dialog: came back, they destroyed it.
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: On second thought, I am not sure if
dialog: it was Hasdrubal or the old Hannibal.
dialog: Anyhow, when he saw that the battle
dialog: was lost, he jumped on the funeral
dialog: pyre.
text: They ‘have arrived in Patton's private office, where Codman
text: is arranging a tray on which he has an ice bucket with
text: bottle of champagne and several glasses. He is trans-~
text: ferring a pile of envelopes from the tray to Patton's desk.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: Good evening, General. Just want to
dialog: make a report on a private poll I've
dialog: been taking.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What poll?
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: The fan mail. Eleven percent 'con' --
dialog: eighty-enine percent 'pro'. That
dialog: eleven percent of protest in most
text: cases are both obscene and anonymous.
dialog: But the 'pro' letters are mostly
dialog: from relatives and servicemen.
dialog: (picking one up, reading:)
dialog: 'I want you to know that we are proud
dialog: our son is serving in your Army.
dialog: From the newspaper account, we are
dialog: not clear as to exactly what you did,
dialog: and why, but we want you to know we
dialog: are for you. Keep going, and God
dialog: bless you.'!
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (morosely)
dialog: ‘Keep going! where?
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 88
dialog: 260 Cont.
text: During the above, Meeks has withdrawn.
speaker_heading: CcODMA’
dialog: {trying to cheer him up)
dialog: I thought you might like a sip of
dialog: wine, General... It's New Year's
dialog: Day -- and you didn't celebrate
dialog: at all last night.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I'm fed up with sitting here in this
dialog: royal doghouse. We've taken Sicily.
dialog: I'm ready for a new assignment.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: Maybe you've got it.
dialog: (taking an envelope
dialog: from the tray)
dialog: Here's a radio message just came in.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (before opening the
dialog: envelope, his ambition
dialog: clear)
dialog: The one coming up is the big job.
dialog: Command of all American troops for
dialog: the European invasion.
text: Patton opens the envslope and reads the message. He is
text: quite literally stunned.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Cod -- I've bven relieved,
dialog: (unable to accept it)
dialog: They've relieved me from command of
dialog: Seventh Army.
speaker_heading: GODMAN
dialog: I don't believe it.
text: Patton hands him the message.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Happy New Year}
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: Wait a minute, sir. If they were
dialog: going to give you another command,
dialog: isn't it logical that they'd relieve
dialog: you here first?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (wondering if he dare share
dialog: Codman's optimism)
dialog: 66 You mean the invasion command?
dialog: Cont.
dialog: Oo
dialog: 66
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: 260 Cont.1
dialog: 261
text: Codman nods.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Well -- it's possible --
dialog: (dying to believe)
dialog: I know it's been discussed fram
dialog: time to time.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: The logic of it is so obvious. It
dialog: couldn't mean anything elseJ
dialog: (with sudden
dialog: enthusiasm)
dialog: Sir, I'm going to open this bottle
dialog: of wine.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (Codman's enthusiasm is
dialog: contagious)
dialog: By God, I'm going to help you drink
dialog: itl
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S BEDROOM IN PALAZZO - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
text: The drapes are drawn and Meeks has laid out Patton's
text: uniform for tomorrow. Meeks himself is seated by the
text: bed, gravely polishing the already-shining helmet. As
text: Patton enters, Meeks rises, studying him with unobtrusive
text: concern. But Patton is in good spirits, buoyed up by
dialog: the wine and by his renewed hopes. .
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: (watching him
dialog: closely)
dialog: How you feeling, General?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Not bad. Not bad at all.
dialog: (sitting on bed)
dialog: Get me some writing paper, will
dialog: you, George.
speaker_heading: . MEEKS
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: PaTToy
dialog: (pulling off one shoe)
dialog: Your wits ever give you tne devil
dialog: for not writing?
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: All the time. But I don'ts write as
dialog: often as you do. Just can't get
text: around to it.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: C)
dialog: 90
dialog: 261 Cont.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Lucky thing for us that we've got
dialog: teme
text: (grinning, he pulls
dialog: off the other shoe)
dialog: Who the hell would want to marry
text: a couple of proken-down horse
dialog: cavalrymen?
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: That's what my wife says to me
dialog: every time I come home.
text: Patton has risen and crossed to the French doors leading
text: to a balcony. He glances at a clock on the mantel as he
dialog: goes.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: George, What are you doing up this
dialog: late?
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: (evasively)
dialog: I just thought you might like a
dialog: nice hot bath or a glass of milk
dialog: or something --
scene_heading: 262 EXT. LOGGIA OUTSIDE PATTON'S BEDROOM - MED. SHOT
text: As Patton steps out to inhale the sweet night air, Meeks
text: appears behind him from the bedroom.
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: I got a sleeping pill from the doc
dialog: w- just in case you need it.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Sleeping pill?... Say, what's going
dialog: on here
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: {he thinks Patton is
dialog: concealing his real
dialog: feelings)
dialog: General, we all heard the news tonight.
dialog: They announced it on the radio.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What news?
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: You know. About General Bradley.
dialog: How they gave him the top American
dialog: command for the invasion.
dialog: 66 Cont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: gL
dialog: 262 Cont.
speaker_heading: 263
text: This hits Patton right between the eyes, shattering utterly
text: the optimistic dream he built up with Codman. He looks
text: wounded and pale.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Oh... Oh, yeah --
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: I figured you might be feeling kind
dialog: of low --
text: Unable to reply, Patton simply shakes his head.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - PATTON AND MEEKS
text: Feeling utterly helpless, Meeks gestures toward the
dialog: bedroom.
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: Your writin' things are on the desk.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: No, I -- I won't be writing tonight.
text: Acutely aware of Patton's suffering, Meeks is deeply
dialog: moved.
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: (loyaliy resentful, he
dialog: shakes his head)
dialog: One little dogface -- one measly
dialog: little slap -- that's what done it.
speaker_heading: PATTON
text: (suddenly venting his
dialog: emotions
dialog: Oh, George -- I wish I'd kissed the
dialog: sonuvabitch!
speaker_heading: PADE OUT
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: INTERMISSION
dialog: ©
dialog: 264
dialog: A-26h,
dialog: 66
dialog: 265
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT, LAWN OF VILLA IN CORSICA (AJACCIO) - MED. LONG SHOT -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The sweeping lawn looks out over the Roman sea wall, the
text: old port and the colorful city itself. Gathered on the
text: lawn are the middle-aged ladies and gentlemen of the
text: upper-crust French colony. Standing on the landing of a
text: sweeping flight of steps, Patton is addressing them in
dialog: Prench.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Nous rendons hommage aux superbes
dialog: forces de la France Libre menses
dialog: par le General De Gaulle et le
dialog: General Leclerc. Et n'oublions
dialog: pas les heros, hommes et femmes,
dialog: de la Resistance, qui risquent leur
dialog: vie chaque jour pour vaincre le
dialog: Boche.
text: Camera has pulled back, leaving Patton, and centers ona
text: group of four or five CORRESPONDENTS gathered around
dialog: Codman, Who is translating for them.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: {his eye on Patton)
dialog: He is paying tribute to the Free
dialog: French forces under De Gaulle and
dialog: Leclerc. Also to the brave men
dialog: and women of the Resistance who
dialog: risk their lives every day to help
dialog: destroy the Germans,
scene_heading: INTERCUTS - PATTON AND CODMAN
speaker_heading: PATTON CODMAN
dialog: La France redeviendra (keeping an eye
dialog: libre -- je vous en donne on Patton, translating)
dialog: ma parole! Tout comme 'France Will be free agaia --
dialog: les troupes de la France I give you my word. Just as
dialog: Libre ont debarque ici en Free French troops landed
dialog: Corse pour liberer la terre here in Corsica to liberate
dialog: natale de Napoleon, je
dialog: debarquerai bientot en I will land someday in
dialog: France et aiderai a la Prance and help liberate the
dialog: liberation de la terre natale birthplace of Lafayette!
dialog: de Lafayette!
dialog: the birthplace of Wapoleoa,
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PATTON
dialog: The conclusion of his remarks has brought enthusiastic
text: applause. Smiling and bowing, he steps down the stairs
text: and is accepting the warm congratulations of the local
text: leaders as Codman comes into scene.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 93
dialog: 265 Cont.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: General -- the reporters would
dialog: like a word with you.
scene_heading: 266 GROUP SHOT ~ THE CORRESPONDENTS
text: They watch as Codman ieads Patton over to them.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: ‘afternoon, gentlemen -~-
scene_heading: FIRST CORRESPONDENT
dialog: General Patton, can you say anything
dialog: about the purpose of this visit to
dialog: Corsica?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (gruffly)
dialog: I was ordered here by
dialog: General Eisenhower.
scene_heading: FIRST CORRESPONDENT
dialog: It was reported that you wrote the
dialog: mother of the boy you slapped, saying:
dialog: 'The yellow rat should have been shot.'
dialog: Is that true, General?
text: With a visible effort, Patton manages to control himself
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: No comment.
scene_heading: SECOND CORRESPONDENT
dialog: I understand General Alexander suggested
dialog: you take on General Mark Clark's
dialog: ass tenment in Italy, but the War Department
dialog: ilte ecause of the slapping
dialog: incident.
text: Patton glares at the correspondent but controls himself.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: No comment.
scene_heading: SECOND CORRESPONDENT
dialog: Can you tell us where you'll be going
dialog: from here?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: General Eisenhower has ordered me to
dialog: Malta. That's off the record.
dialog: Interview concluded.
text: Patton tekes one last glaring look at the First Correspondent
text: who asked about the "yellow rat" latter, then turns away
text: and exits.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
dialog: ou
scene_heading: INT, REICHSCHANCELLERY MAP ROOM - TWO SHOT - JODL AND
speaker_heading: STEIGER - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: Malta?
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: With a look of concern, Jodi turns to a large wall map,
text: studies it gravely. He points first to the island of
dialog: Malta, then to the coast of Greece.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: Malta as a base, possibly -= then
dialog: Southern Greece --
dialog: (he turns with
dialog: sudden decision,
dialog: picks up a phone)
dialog: Get me Field Marshal Keitel.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINED FORTRESS IN MALTA - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Patton is acting as guide for his staff, pointing out to
dialog: them the ancient fort.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: During the siege of 1528, those
dialog: forts were held by four hundred
dialog: Knights of Malta and eight hundred
dialog: mercenaries against a force of
dialog: forty. thousand Turks.
text: As the others look off at the forts, Patton turns privately
dialog: to Codman. .
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Codman -- did we get any response
dialog: from Ike about those two turkeys
dialog: I sent him for Christmas?
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: No, sir.
text: Patton motions for the others to investigate.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Go on over, gentlemen -- take a look.
text: As the officers move off, Patton speaks to Codman, shaking
text: his head.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I'm afraid you boys have hitched
dialog: your wagon to a falling star...
dialog: Pass the word -- if anyone wants
dialog: out, I'll understand.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: QO) 268 Cont.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: Sir, I can speak for the entire
dialog: staff. We want to stay with you,
dialog: no matter what duty you're assigned.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (seething with deep,
dialog: barely controllable
dialog: frustration)
dialog: Up in London they're planning the
dialog: invasion of Europe. What the hell
dialog: am I doing out here in the boondocks ?
dialog: This is the moment I've trained my
dialog: mind and body and spirit for. I'm
dialog: a soldier! It's as natural for me
dialog: to be a soldier as it is to breathe,
dialog: and it would be as hard to give up
dialog: as it would to stop breathing!
dialog: (growling resentfully)
dialog: All right, let's get on to Cairo --
dialog: see if the pyramids are still standing.
scene_heading: 269 INT. REICHSCHANCELLERY MAP ROOM - CLOSE SHOT - MAP OF
speaker_heading: EGYPT - DAY
text: @ Camera pulls back to reveal Jodl talking on a phone as he
text: studies the map. Steiger is by his side.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: There is only one reason for him
dialog: to be in Cairo. To confer with the
dialog: Greek and Yugoslav governments in
dialog: exile... Let the Italians garrison
dialog: Italy, for God's sake -- it's their
dialog: country. We'll need our German
dialog: troops to reinforce Crete and the
dialog: coast of Greece if Patton strikes
dialog: from Egypt!
text: He hangs up, concerned and preoccupied.
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: I have some naw information, sir.
text: Patton is under severe criticism.
text: He may even be court-martialed.
dialog: (indicating news
dialog: releases in his hand)
text: It seems he slapped an enlisted man.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: (losing patience)
dialog: / Steiger, do you believe everything they
dialog: put in their newspapers? Would they
dialog: sacrifice their best field commander
dialog: 66 because he slapped a common soldier?
dialog: 270
speaker_heading: 271
dialog: 272
dialog: 66
dialog: 96
scene_heading: EXT, LONDON STREET - NIGHT
text: A London bobby strolls the fog-shrouded street as a big
text: black Packard, its headlights shielded, careens around
text: @ corner and comes to a stop in front of a brownstone
text: pbuilding. Patton, bundled in a heavy coat, steps out of
text: the car, accompanied by Codman, and approaches the
text: inconspicuous front door.
scene_heading: INT, LIVING ROOM - LONDON FLAT - FULL SHOT
text: Patton and Codman enter, admitted by a CORPORAL. Patton
text: takes a critical look about. The decor is extremely
text: feminine, with a paneled foyer, dainty Louis XV furniture,
text: fluffy drapes and exotic prints.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (growling)
dialog: This place is for me?
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Yes, sir. This way, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: {grumbling as he
dialog: follows )
dialog: Whoever found this place is a
dialog: genius for cloak-and-dagger.
text: The Corporal leads the way through the frilly hallway.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - LONDON FLAT - FULL SHOT
text: The curtains are pink and the walis are covered with
text: mirrors. There is a white bear rug on the parquet. The
text: room is dominated by an enormous white bed iying low and
text: lascivious under a fancy pink silk-embroidered coverlet.
text: Patton looks up at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The entire ceiling is covered with mirror.
speaker_heading: : PATTON
dialog: (to Codman)
dialog: Who the hell picked this cathouse?
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: I believe it was Generali Smith, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: He did it to spite me, the sonuvabitch!
text: Reflected in the ceiling mirror, the image of General
text: Bedell Smith is seen entering the room.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 97
dialog: 273 Cont.
dialog: 27h
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Welcome to London, Georgie.
speaker_heading: MED, SHOT
text: Patton turns to Smith and his arrogance subsides. He is
text: mentally exhausted and deeply apprehensive. Smith is
text: businesslike, unbending, humorless.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Hello, Beetle. Is... is Ike here?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: He asked me to brief you.
dialog: (to Codman and
dialog: the Corporal)
dialog: Excuse us, please.
text: Codman and the Corporal quickly take their leave, closin;
text: the mirrored door. Smith makes himself comfortable in one
text: of the plump chairs.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: First of all, I want to put you
dialog: straight about Ike. We hear a
dialog: lot about you criticizing his
dialog: decisions.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: No, Beetle, not really, Hell, you
dialog: know I'm just a damn fool, but some-
dialog: times I wonder whether he's a Limey
dialog: at heart.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: George, this is the toughest coalition
dialog: ever attempted in history. Ike sits
text: on top, trying to hold it together
dialog: and lick the Germans at the same time.
dialog: Believe me, it's one hell of a job.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I know that. But, Beetle --
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We have an important job for you in
dialog: connection with the Normandy invasion --
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I've studied the *verlord plan, and
dialog: it has one serious flaw, It depends
dialog: on Monty taking Caen on D-day. Well,
dialog: he!'1l never make it, because it's
dialog: impossibls. ['ve got a plan for
text: another landing in the vicinity of
dialog: Calais, followinr an air bombardement --
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 66
dialog: 27h Cont.
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: SMITE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Please -- will you just listen
dialog: for a change? And remember, Ike
dialog: stuck by you when everyone -- and
dialog: I mean everyone -- wanted Patton
text: with a rope around his neck.
dialog: (with finality)
dialog: We're going to let it leak out
dialog: that you're here under cover --
dialog: that you're preparing to invade
dialog: at the Pas de Calais. We hope to
dialog: pin down the German Fifteenth Army
dialog: there so they can't be used against
dialog: us in Normandy.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (deeply shaken)
dialog: Is that all you people think i'm
dialog: good for?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (ignoring this)
dialog: We're building an army of twelve
dialog: divisions around you -- ali
dialog: fictitious, of course. Dummy
dialog: troop concentrations, dummy landing
text: craft and simulated radio traffic...
dialog: You see, the Germans are convinced
dialog: that you're going to lead the main
dialog: invasion effort...The German agents
dialog: will spot you here before long.
dialog: Then we'll move you to your new
text: headquarters in Knutsford.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What do I do there?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Nothing. Absolutely nothing.
dialog: (rising, preparing
dialog: to leave)
dialog: Frankly, George, you're on
dialog: probation. If you take my
dialog: advice, you'll benave yourself.
dialog: And remember, your worst enemy
dialog: is your own big mouth.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: A-274
dialog: 275
dialog: 99
scene_heading: IsT, BISSAHOWSR'S HEADQUARTERS AT GROSVENOR SQUARE -
speaker_heading: MeD, SHOT + WIGHT
text: Patton is waiting in a large anteroom what has a auiet
text: but vigorous excitement about it. Staff officers bob out
text: of this door, into that one. A door opens and General
text: Bradley comes out. Patton notices him with pleasure.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Brad!
dialog: Bradley hes important things on his mind, but he is
text: pleased to see his old boss.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Good to see you. How is everything?
text: Bedell Smith sticks his head out of the office marked
text: GENERAL EISENHOWER, beckons to Bradley.
speaker_heading: . SMITH
dialog: Oh, General Bradley --
text: Bradley turns to find Smith beckoning him to come into
dialog: Ike's office. This, of course, is a command.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Excuse me, will you, George.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Sure, Erad. See you later --
text: Bradley has followed Smith into the office, leaving Patton
text: alone and very much out of things.
scene_heading: EXT, TOWN OF KNUTSFORD - MED, LONG SHOT - DAY
text: An all-female brass band, resplendent in their Women's
text: Land Army uniforms, is playing with a good deal more
text: enthusiasm than talent. A large group of ladies stands
text: outside the new Knutsford "Welcome" Club, attached to
text: the front of which is a large red, white end blue banner
text: reading: KNUTSFORD WELCOMES OUR AMERICAN ALLIES.
text: The band plays The Stars and Stripes Forever as Patton's
text: car pulls up into the crowd, which seems to be populated
text: solely by middle-aged and older women.
text: Patton's Packard comes to a stop by Codman who opens the
text: door. de is surprised by a menacing white English bull
text: terrier, who is immediately vwpon him. Patton steps out,
text: holding the dog's leash.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Look at this nasty-faced sonuvabitch,
dialog: Codman, bred for combat. I'm going
dialog: to call him William, for William the
dialog: Conqueror.
dialog: ' Gont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 100
dialog: 275 Cont.
speaker_heading: 276
speaker_heading: 277
dialog: 278
dialog: 66
text: The dog causes some consternation among the ladies,
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: General, maybe you'd better leave
text: him in the car, .
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: It's all right, Codman. Good
dialog: afternoon, ledies.
text: William spots a medium-sized terrier, as does Patton.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Watch this, Cod.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: General, he'll kill that dog!
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Neh, I'll hold him,
text: ANGLE ON THE TERRIER
text: He sees William, bears his small fangs and growls menacingly.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PATTON AND WILLIAM
text: William shrinks back in fear, runs around behind Patton,
text: peering nervously from behind his leg, whining piteously.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: as the littlest, daintiest lady stoops to pick up the
dialog: terrier,
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: I'm terribly sorry, General. Did
dialog: Abigail frighten your poor dog?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (crestfallen)
dialog: Quite all right, Madame.
text: Codman smiles, eases Patton away.
speaker_heading: cODMAN
dialog: This way, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (fiercely, to William,
dialog: as he goes)
dialog: Your name isn't William. It's Willy!
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 279
dialog: 280
dialog: 201
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEW CLUB - DAY
text: Patton sits quietly with Willy on the floor by his chair,
text: while a MRS. SMITH opens the proceedings:
speaker_heading: MRS. SMITH
dialog: My dear friends, General George
dialog: S. Patton, Jr. has accepted our
dialog: invitation to say a few words to
dialog: you in honour of this inaugural
dialog: ceremony.
scene_heading: ANGLE FAVORING PATTON
text: He feels a fish out of water in this frumpy and frilly
dialog: environment.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMITH
dialog: General Patton is not here in his
dialog: official capacity. And I have
dialog: assured him most earnestly that
dialog: nothing he says will be quoted...
dialog: May I present; General Patton.
text: Patton rises, a little flush-faced, as the British ladies
text: applaud. Codman leans over and whispers to him:
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: Remember, sir -- watch your languags.
text: Patton takes his place at the podiun.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: My dear ladies, until today my only
dialog: experience in welcoming has been to
dialog: welcome Germans and Italians to the
dialog: infernal regions. In this I have
dialog: been quite successful, as the troops
dialog: whom I have had the honor to command
dialog: have killed or captured some 170,000
dialog: of our enemies.
text: With that the ladies go into another dainty round of
text: applause, a few of them shouting in their meek little
dialog: voices: "Hear, hear!"
speaker_heading: PaTTON
dialog: I feel that such clubs as this are
dialog: of very real value because I believe
dialog: with Mr. Bernard Shaw that the British
dialog: and the Americans are two people
text: separated by a common language.
text: A titter of laughter goes across the room.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 66
dialog: 102
dialog: 280 Cont.
dialog: 281-
speaker_heading: 284
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: And since it is the evident destiny
dialog: of the British and the Americans to
dialog: rule the world, the better we know
dialog: each other the better we will do.
text: During the applause that follows, Codman leans. forward,
text: tries to get Patton's attention.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: (during the applause)
dialog: The Russians! Don't forget the
dialog: Russians!
text: Patton turns but can't hear what Codman is saying because
text: of the applause. Scowling at Codman, he turns back and
dialog: proceeds.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: A club like this is an ideal place
dialog: for promoting mutual understanding.
dialog: As soon as our soldiers meet and
dialog: know the English ladies and write
dialog: home and tell our women how truly .
dialog: lovely you are,the sooner the
dialog: American ladies will get jealous
dialog: and force this war to a quick
dialog: termination. And I will then get
dialog: a chance to go to the Pacific and
dialog: kill Japanese.
text: More enthusiastic applause rings through the crowd and the
text: little ladies stand up, some on tiptoe, to honor the
text: General, The band starts to play.
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE NEWSREEL
scene_heading: NEWSREEL TITLE: PATTON INSULTS
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN ALLIES!
scene_heading: A. PULL SHOT - UNION SQUARE IN NEW YORK (STOCK)
text: The square is filled with angry, milling protesters,
text: some listening to speakers.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: In cities all over the nation, mass
dialog: meetings are held to protest General
dialog: George Patton's statement that
dialog: Britain and America will rule the
dialog: postwar world -- that Russia will
dialog: have nothing to say.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 103
dialog: ey 281- Cont.
dialog: ; 284.
scene_heading: B. INT. SENATOR'S OFFICE
text: A SENATOR is seated at his desk, with an American flag
text: on a standard behind him,
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: (o.8-)
dialog: Congressional leaders, like Senator
text: Glaiborn Foss, are quick to react.
speaker_heading: SENATOR FOSS
dialog: This man has insulted our Russian
dialog: allies, implying Anglo-American
dialog: world rule. In my opinion he should
dialog: be severely disciplined.
scene_heading: C. MED. SHOT - MRS. SCOTT
text: A familiar-Looking middle-aged woman speaking at a
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: Mrs. Hilda Scott, National President
dialog: of Mothers for America:
scene_heading: @ wRS,. SCOLT
dialog: I still think that monster should
dialog: be thrown out of the Army.
scene_heading: NOTE: END OF NEWSRESL
scene_heading: 285 INT. BEDELL SMITH'S O*FICE IN LONDON - DAY
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (standing before
dialog: Smith's desk)
dialog: Beetle, this sime I Gidn't doa
dialog: damn thing! Tasy said there were
dialog: no reporters there. I just made
text: a few remarks off the record.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Ike told you to keep your mouth
dialog: shut and you wouldn't listen. Don't
dialog: you realize how suspicious the
dialog: Russians are of the 3ritish and
dialog: ourselves?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Iwas just trying to be polite to
dialog: the old ladies. If they'd had any
dialog: ) Russians there, I would have
dialog: w mentioned them. I don't like the
dialog: sonsuvbitches, but I would have
dialog: ee mentioned them out of politeness.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: ©
dialog: 66
dialog: 10k.
dialog: 285 Cont.
dialog: 286-
dialog: 25h,
speaker_heading: PATTON (Cont.)
dialog: (irritated to find
dialog: himself out of his
dialog: element)
dialog: Beetle, I don't kmow anything about
dialog: politics -- you kmow that. TI have no
dialog: political ambitions after the war. All
dialog: I want to do is command an army in combat!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: It's out of our hands, George. Ike
dialog: sent a massage last night to the
dialog: Chief of Staff in Washington.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: General Marshall is a good man, a
dialog: fair man.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: So now it's up to Marshall whether
dialog: you stay here as a decoy or he orders
dialog: you home.
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE NEWSREEL (TO BE ASSEMBLED ESSENTIALLY
scene_heading: FROM STOCK FOOTAGE)
scene_heading: NEWSREEL HEADLINE: INVASION FLEET SAILS!
speaker_heading: ( ) NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: Os.
text: Assembled in the ports of England, the
dialog: mightiest armada in military history
text: prepares to cross the channel and
text: assault the German-held fortress of
dialog: Europe.
scene_heading: A. SERIES OF CUIS
text: Ub Featuring the loading of LSTs and other naval craft.
text: Tanks and vehicles of all types and sizes creak aboard
dialog: the big ships.
scene_heading: E. GANGPLANK OF BRITISH TROOPSHIP
text: as Tommies in battle dress move up the gangplank.
scene_heading: F. ANGLE ON GENERAL MONTGOMERY
text: On the dockside, he's shaking hands and laughing with
text: some of his men as they head toward the gangplank.
scene_heading: G. FULL SHOT - AMERICAN TROOPSHIP
text: Thousands of Gis wave as the ship moves out.
scene_heading: H. CLOSE SHOT ~ GENERAL BRADLEY
text: He waves back from the bridge of a naval vessel.
speaker_heading: I. LONG SHOT
text: as the invasion fleet pulls out.
dialog: 105
scene_heading: 295 EXT, PEOVER HALL - LONG SHOT - NIGHT
text: A car drives up and Patton gets out, goes inside.
scene_heading: 296 INT, ENTRANCE HALL - PATTON'S RESIDENCE AT KNUTSFORD
speaker_heading: (PEOVER HALL)
text: The large foyer is cold and cavernous. Meeks comes to the
text: door to meet Patton as he enters, takes his cap and coat.
text: Patton's face is drawn and somber,
speaker_heading: PATTON
text: George, the war is over.
speaker_heading: : MSEKS
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: It's just a matter of waiting for
dialog: our orders.
text: Meeks studies Patton's face with sympathy and concern.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I thirk I'm destined to achieve
dialog: some great thing. What, I don't
dialog: know. But this last incident is
dialog: so trivial in its nature and so
dialog: terrible in its effect that it is
dialog: not the result of an accident, but
dialog: the work of God.
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Do you realize, George -- this may
dialog: be the last great opportunity of my
dialog: lifetime? Imagine -- a war involving
dialog: the entire world -- and I'm left out
dialog: of it! God will not permit this. T
dialog: must be allowed to fulfill my destiny!
dialog: (then quietly)
dialog: Eis will be done.
text: He turns and moves off across the huge lonely hall.
scene_heading: a. BLACK AND WHITE NEWSREEL
speaker_heading: 301
scene_heading: NEWSREEL HEADLINE: D-DAY!
scene_heading: ALLIES INVADE FRANCE!
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 66
dialog: 106
dialog: 2e97- Cont.
dialog: 306
dialog: 307
dialog: 308
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: In the greatest amphibious
dialog: operation ever attempted, a predawn
text: naval bombardment prepares’ the way
dialog: for Allied soldiers to assault the
dialog: Normandy beaches and claw out a
text: desperate foothole on the continent
dialog: of Europe.
text: oe SERIES OF CUTS OF NAVAL SHIPS
text: The great armada lies off’ the coast of Normandy, its
text: guns and rockets blasting the beaches. From the troop
text: transports landing craft are lowered to the sea, and men
text: clamber down the cargo nets to board them.
scene_heading: E.- SERIES OF CUTS ON THE ASSAULT BEACHES
text: oe The landing craft boil through the surf, their ramps slap
text: down and the men pour out. They struggle forward through
text: the water, shellfire exploding all around them. A
text: landing craft is hit but another takes its place. The
text: men fight their way up the beach.
scene_heading: NOTE: END OF NEWSREEL
scene_heading: EXT, C-47 AIRPLANE IN FLIGHT OVER CHANNEL - FULL SHOT - DAY
scene_heading: EXT, C-47 AIRPLANE - MED. SHOT
text: It is a bucket-seat job, loaded with high-priority equipment
text: -- spare airplane parts, several propellers, a big electric
text: generator, etc. Squeezed into the available space between
text: the crates and heavy equipment are Patton, Codman, Meeks and
text: Willy. Beside Patton is a volume of HISTORY OF THE NORMAN
text: CONQUEST. He has his battered Michelin road map‘out and is
text: showing it to Codman.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I knew Monty couldn't take Caen on
dialog: D-day of D plus ten, and I said so.
dialog: Here they are, all hung up in this
dialog: hedgerow country. What they should
dialog: do now is pivot, the way von Schlieffen
dialog: did on Alsace. Then we'd have a chance
text: to do some broken field running.
dialog: (tossing map aside)
dialog: But they won't listen to me.
dialog: (glancing about
dialog: disgustedly)
dialog: What a way to land on the continent
dialog: of Europe. With the rest of the
dialog: spare parts.
dialog: (he picks up one, looks
text: at it and throws it
dialog: aside)
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 107
dialog: 7) 308 Cont.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: Sir, everything on this plane is
dialog: high-priority. General dradley
dialog: wouldn't send for you unless he
dialog: had something in mind.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (after a moment, with
dialog: deep resolve)
dialog: I've learned my lesson, Cod. If I
dialog: ever get another chance, so help me,
dialog: I'm going to shut up end play the
dialog: game.
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: If I forget that, you remind me!
speaker_heading: ¢ (DMAN
dialog: I'll give you a ventle nudge in the
dialog: ribs.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You give me a swift kick in the ass?
speaker_heading: CODMA.1
dialog: @ (swallowing hard)
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: 309 EXT. BRADLEY'S MOBILE FIELD OFFICE IN NORMANDY - MED. S2fT -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: A flight of P-51s roars by overhead as Bradley's jeep,
text: pearing Patton and Codman, Bradley's aide driving, pulls
text: into the tented compound that makes up the command post.
text: They are met by Hansen, who salutes sharply.
speaker_heading: HANSEN
dialog: General -- welcome to France,
speaker_heading: : PATTON
dialog: I hope there's still a war going on,
dialog: Hansen. Where's the boss?
speaker_heading: HANSEN
dialog: This way, sir.
text: Artillery fire can be heard in the distance as Patton and
text: Codman step out of the jeep and follow Hansen,
scene_heading: 310 ANOTHER ANGLE ~ BRADLEY'S MOBILE FISLD OFFICE
text: This new map van is half the length of a Pullman car and
text: oy) is connected by a hinged steel deck to the 2-1/2 ton truck
text: used for Bradley's living auarters. Patton, Codman and
text: Hansen are approaching the vehicle when Montgomery, all
text: 66 bustle and business, comes out.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: OQ
dialog: 66
dialog: 108
dialog: 310 Cont.
speaker_heading: 311
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Patton}! Haven't seen you since
dialog: Messina!
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: How are you, General?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Understand you're doing a splendid
dialog: job of decoying the Jerries.
dialog: ( jauntily)
dialog: Forgive me -- I'm off to the front...
dialog: Best of everything, old boy.
dialog: (he pauses, turns) ~
dialog: By the way -- Intelligence has
dialog: confirmed that I'm against Rommel
dialog: again.
text: He hurries on over to his jeep and drives off. Patton
text: watches him go, green with envy.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Rommel. I'd love to tangle with
dialog: that beautiful bastard.
text: Bradley has appeared in the doorway of his field office.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: How are you, George?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (coming over)
dialog: Pretty fair, Brad -- for a man on
dialog: the dole.
text: They shake hands and Bradley escorts him inside.
scene_heading: INT. BRADLEY'S MOBILE FIELD OFFICE - FULL SHOT
text: This specially designed trailer is quite elaborate. Four
text: plexiglass astrodomes in the roof admit daylight, and a
text: bank of fluorescents illuminates the mapboards that run
text: the length of the walls. There is a carpeted, mahogany-
text: paneled office in the front, separated from the map room
text: by a railing. It looks like the chancel of a well-
dialog: appointed church.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (glancing around)
dialog: This is very plush.
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Looks like you're bucking for
dialog: Archbishop.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: @
dialog: 66
dialog: 31il Cont.
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (aiffidently)
dialog: Chet Hansen had this rig built for
dialog: me.
dialog: (getting down to
dialog: business)
dialog: George -- Ike wanted me to have a
dialog: talk with you. I told him you and
dialog: I could level with each other.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: We're going to activate Third Army
dialog: soon as I take over 12th Army Group.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (his eyes brightening)
dialog: Do I get it?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: I'll be honest with you -- I've
dialog: had reservations. You've been
dialog: senior to me ever since I got out
dialog: of the Academy. You were the boss
dialog: in North Africa and Sicily. Might
dialog: be a problem for both of us.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: It wouldn't bother me.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: The other thing is --
dialog: (he hesitates)
dialog: I don't want to hit this too hard --
dialog: but we're different kinds of people,
dialog: George .--
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You're right, Brad. Goddammit, you're
dialog: always right. Between my screwy ideas
dialog: and your brains, we make a wonderful
dialog: team. We proved that in Sicily.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Tell you the truth -- if I'd been
dialog: your senior in Sicily, I would have
dialog: relieved you.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: ©
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 311 Cont.1
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (pleading comes hard,
dialog: but he's desperate)
dialog: Brad, I'll crawl on my belly to get
dialog: a command. For God's sake, gst me
dialog: into the fight. The only way I can
dialog: get out of the doghouse is to pull
dialog: something spectacular. I have to
dialog: get back in this war! My God,
dialog: Hitler's own people tried to kill
dialog: him two days ago. First thing you
dialog: know it'll be over and --
dialog: (the thought is too awful;
dialog: frankly begging)
dialog: I'll keep my mouth shut. I'll be-
dialog: have myself -- I give you my word, Brad.
text: Bradley studies him for a moment. Without responding,
text: Bradley turns to a big map on the wall, changing the subject
dialog: entirely.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: George, I've been working on a
dialog: plan called COBRA. Like to kmow
dialog: what you think of it.
speaker_heading: 312 ANGLE AT MAP
text: Chagrined, Patton reluctantly follows as Bradley uses the
text: map to illustrate his remarks.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
text: We're slugging our way through
dialog: hedgerow country half an acre a
dialog: day. Have to find a way to break out.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: I want to use this St.-Lo-Periers road.
dialog: Let Monty pin down the enemy forces
dialog: around Caen...We'd pulverize an area
text: three and a half miles wide with
dialog: saturation bombing. Follow that up
dialog: with seven divisions. Then we'll
dialog: have Third Army swing around and
dialog: make an end run across France.
dialog: (asking for a professional
dialog: opinion)
dialog: Well -- what do you think?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I think you need a screwball horse
dialog: cavalryman to command Third Army.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY -
dialog: (with a quiet grin)
dialog: George -~ we came to that conclusion
dialog: back in England three months ago.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 312 Cont.
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You what?
text: accusingly, as he
dialog: realizes Bradley means it)
dialog: Why, you dirty son of a --I
dialog: (suddenly pulling
dialog: himself ee
dialog: I forgot. I promised to keep my
dialog: mouth shut!
scene_heading: 313 INT. REICHSCHANCELLERY MAP ROOM - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Rommel and Jodl are examining a large wall map of the
text: Normandy coast, with Steiger standing by. Rommel points
text: to several sharp salients indicated in the German defenses
text: near Coutances.
speaker_heading: ROMMEL
dialog: What is this enemy activity
dialog: near Coutances?
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: (glancing at paper
dialog: in his hand)
dialog: ‘Enemy armored forces driving
dialog: through our defenses at Lessay.
text: American tank units moving at great
text: speed, slicing through to the rear areas.'
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: (to Rommel)
dialog: Excuse me, Field Marshal. This
dialog: sounds very much like Patton.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: (in mild annoyance)
text: Patton is in England.
speaker_heading: ROMMEL
dialog: Do we know this?
speaker_heading: JODL
text: Normandy is merely a feint. The major
dialog: invasion will come at Calais and Patton
dialog: will lead it. The Fuehrer has ordered
dialog: thet under no circumstances should the
text: Fifteenth Army be moved to Normandy.
speaker_heading: ROMMEL
text: Those men are sitting on the beach
text: at Calais throwing pebbles at each
dialog: other while our men in Normandy
dialog: are being slaughtered.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: C) 313 Cont.
speaker_heading: 314
dialog: 315
dialog: 316
speaker_heading: 317
speaker_heading: 318
speaker_heading: 319
dialog: 66
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: JODIL
text: The Fifteenth Army is waiting for
dialog: Patton at Calais and Calais is
dialog: where he will land.
speaker_heading: ROMMEL
dialog: You seem perfectly willing, Jodi,
dialog: to accept this nonsense. Why?
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: {with a faint smile
dialog: of superiority)
dialog: Because I am not prepared, sir, to
dialog: dispute the Fuehrer.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD LEADING OUT OF HEDGEROW COUNTRY - MOVING SHOT - DAY
text: Tanks driving forward at tremendous speed. There is an air
dialog: of excitement, of movement, of drive.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER ROAD
text: Patton's jeep driving madly along. Coming up alongside the
text: lead tank without pausing, Patton stands in the jeep and
text: shouts to the tank commander.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Go as far as you can, as fast as
dialog: you can!
speaker_heading: HIGH ANGLE (P.0.V. OF AIRPLANE)
text: Shooting down on an armored column racing along a road.
text: ANGLE ON P-51 IN FLIGHT
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TANK COMMANDER IN TURRET OF MOVING TANK
speaker_heading: PILOT'S VOICE
dialog: (0.8.)
text: There's a roadblock up ahead. Slow
dialog: down and I'li see what I can do.
speaker_heading: TANK COMMANDER
dialog: (into his mike)
dialog: Roger.
text: He turns to give the signal to slow down the column.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GERMAN ROADBLOCK
text: It is built of wrecked vehicles and wooden timbers. The
text: German soldiers, hearing the roar of advancing armor, assume
text: positions of defense. There is the sound of a fast-
dialog: approaching aircraft,
dialog: 66
dialog: 320
speaker_heading: 321
dialog: 322
speaker_heading: 323
speaker_heading: 324
dialog: 113
scene_heading: UP ANGLE ON P-51
text: The plane is angled down, its wing guns firing.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - ROADBLOCK
text: Machine-gun bullets pound the area, and some of the Germans
text: manning the roadblock are cut down. The P-51 roars by
dialog: overhead.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE ON ROADBLOCK
text: as American armored column approaches, gathering speed.
text: Two German soldiers who are not hit attempt to reposition
text: their Panzerfaust to get a shot at the lead tank.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - LEAD TANK
text: It does not hesitate, but crashes through the roadblock,
text: its machine gun firing, knocking out the Panzerfaust and
text: its crew. It races on relentlessly, followed by the other
dialog: tanks.
scene_heading: INT. BRADLEY'S MOBILE FIELD IFFICE - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: The map section is bustling with activity now. A couple
text: of noneoms work at celluloid-covered wall maps with
text: sponges, trying to keep. up with Patton's advance. They
text: alter the little red squares and circles representing
dialog: German positions -- and the blue ones representing those
dialog: of the Allies.
text: General Bradley and General Bedell Smith are watching the
text: changes recorded on the map as camera moves in to two shot
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You'd think George would at least
dialog: have the courtesy to let us know
dialog: where he's going.
text: Bradley grins, delighted that Patton is performing so well.
text: They are interrupted by Hansen, who hands a message to
dialog: Bradley.
speaker_heading: HANSEN
dialog: Excuse me, General, there's a heavy
text: German counterattack aimed at Mortain.
dialog: Five panzer and SS divisions have
text: penetrated the First Army front.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
text: (his face serious as he
dialog: studies the message)
dialog: Keep me posted on this, Chet.
dialog: w
dialog: 66
dialog: 325
speaker_heading: A-325
dialog: B~325
dialog: 1uy
scene_heading: INT. REICHSCHANCELLERY MAP ROOM - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Steiger -- now a major -- watches as Jodl studies a wall
text: map showing the German advance toward Mortain. (It is the
text: equivalent of the map in A SOLDIER'S STORY, page 373.)
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: (elated as he studies
dialog: the map)
dialog: This offensive was a stroke of military
dialog: genius. And remember -- it was ordered
dialog: by the Fuehrer -- not by the Army!
dialog: (pointing to deep
dialog: German penetration)
text: This attack isolates the British from
dialog: the Americans. We will drive them
text: piecemeal back into the sea.
dialog: (motioning north with
dialog: the back of his hand)
dialog: Montgomery this way --
dialog: (sweeping south and
dialog: west with his palm)
dialog: Bradley and Patton this way.
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: But we don't even know where Patton
dialog: is?
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: A column of troops is marching by as Bradley and Hansen,
text: ina jeep, scan the countryside looking for someone.
text: Suddenly Hansen points to a section of the marching column.
speaker_heading: HANSEN
dialog: There he is, sir. In that column --
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MARCHING COLUMN
text: In the column of GIs marching at route step is Patton.
text: He's talking to the men with great interest -- and
text: listening just as intently. After a moment, Hansen's
text: voice can be heard.
speaker_heading: HANSEN'S VOICE
dialog: (0.86
dialog: General Patton -- !
text: Patton looks up, sees Bradley. With a nod to the marching
text: soldiers, he moves out to join Bradley, camera following
text: him to Bradley's jeep.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (to Bradley)
dialog: This one outfit's been dragging its tail,
dialog: and I came up here to find out why... Men
dialog: are tired, that's all -- and they're badly
dialog: led. I'll put a new commander in here and
dialog: they'll be fine. Cont.
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: VY
dialog: 66
dialog: 135
dialog: B-325 Cont.
speaker_heading: 326
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: George, we've got the German attack
dialog: pretty well stopped at Mortain.
dialog: I believe we can turn this pocket
dialog: into a trap if we move fast enough.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You give me the word and I'll drive
text: north to Falaise.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: No -- I want you to go as far as
dialog: Argentan and hold there. Montgomery's
dialog: Canadians will come on down and
text: close the gap.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: He's not set for it -- and I am.
dialog: We can mousetrap a whole German Army
dialog: in that pocket, but if we wait for
dialog: Monty, they'll get away...Brad, if
dialog: those Germans escape, we'll only have
text: to fight them again someplace else.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY .
dialog: Don't you think I realize that, George?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Then let me nail them.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: There'll be nineteen German divisions
text: trying to bust out of that trap.
dialog: You'd be stretched too thin. Be-
dialog: sides, you might run into our own
dialog: bombing.
dialog: (with quiet but
dialog: final authority)
dialog: I want you to build up a solid shoulder
dialog: at Argentan and hold there - understand?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (controlling the
dialog: explosion within him)
dialog: Yes, sir -- goddemmit!
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S COMMAND POST - FULL SHOT - NIGHT
text: Patton is fencing with a young BRITISH LIAISON OFFICER.
dialog: {Perhaps saber would be more interesting and effective
dialog: than foils.) Patton is more expert than the Englishman --
text: and much more aggressive. He slashes awey, always on the
text: attack -- never parries. Jilly is lying on the floor
text: watching the fencers. Bell enters the room, not at all
text: surprised at what is going on.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 326 Cont.
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Excuse me, sir.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What is it?
dialog: (still -fencing)
dialog: Your guard, Phillips!
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Sir, the Canadians have already
text: advanced by one-half mile.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (slashing away at
dialog: his opponent)
dialog: Half a mile? What the hell is
dialog: Monty doing?
dialog: Cexasperated, to
dialog: the Britisher)
dialog: I could kill every damn Kraut in
dialog: that pocket if I didn't have to
dialog: sit here and wait for that boss of
dialog: yours...I'd drive the British back
text: into the sea for another Dunkirk.
dialog: Why doesn't Monty just attack?!
dialog: (slashing aggressively)
dialog: That's what I do -- I attack!...
dialog: Atways attack!
text: He's driven his opponent back almost to the. wall.
speaker_heading: BELL
text: Sir, Field Marshal Rommel's car
text: was hit today in a strafing attack
dialog: by one of our planes. He was
text: very badly wounded.
text: Patton stops fencing, slowly lowers his saber. After a
text: moment, he growls:
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Hope he pulls through -- the
dialog: sonuvabitch.
text: Obviously moved and disturbed by this news, he tosses
text: his saber aside, speaks with sudden determination:
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Bell -- get General Bradley on
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: @
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 327
speaker_heading: 328
speaker_heading: 329
dialog: 330
dialog: 331
dialog: 332
dialog: 333
dialog: 33k
dialog: 117
scene_heading: CLOSE SHIT - PATTON ON PHONE
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (insistently)
dialog: Brad -- instead of sitting on my
dialog: rosy butt waiting for Monty, why
dialog: can't I get moving again? There's
dialog: nothing out front -- nothing between
dialog: me and the Seine!... My intelligence
dialog: people tell me there's hardly any
dialog: German strength between Vitre and
dialog: the Loire. And the bridge at Angers
text: is still intact.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BRADLZY ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Can you hold that shoulder and
dialog: still move forward?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON ON PHONE
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Hell, I can leave two divisions
dialog: here to wait for Monty and I can
dialog: be across the Seine in a weekl...
dialog: Whatts thet? I can't hear you,
dialog: Brad --!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHIT - BRADLEY ON PHONE
speaker_heading: 5 BRADLEY
dialog: (raising his voice)
dialog: I said get moving}
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD THROUGH FRENCH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: A column of tanks roars down the road and into camera at
text: high speed, mud flying in ail directions.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - SUPPLY TRUCKS - DAY
text: careening down highway. In the b.g. we see more columns
dialog: of tanks, There is movement everywhere,
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD TO LE MANS - DAY
text: Columns of mud-spattered vehicles moving forward, companies
text: of infantry plodding on through the wet. One GI looks up
text: and turns to his friend.
speaker_heading: GI
dialog: Good God, look at that!
speaker_heading: WHAT THEY SEZ
text: Their first view of Patton in combat. He is standing up
text: in his command car, his attire all spit and polish. on
dialog: Cont.
dialog: ©
dialog: 116
dialog: 334 Cont.
dialog: 335
dialog: 336
speaker_heading: 337
speaker_heading: 338
speaker_heading: 339
dialog: 340
dialog: - 66
text: his hips are the pistols, on his head the polished helmet.
text: Even the command car manages to remain immaculate and
dialog: shiny.
text: One GI shouts out to him:
speaker_heading: GI
dialog: Where you going, General?
text: Patton turns, smiles.
speaker_heading: PaTTON .
dialog: To Berlint I'm personally going
dialog: to shoot that paper-hanging sonuvabitch!
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - AMERICAN TANK PLATOON
text: They are firing from a hull-down position behind a little
dialog: rise.
scene_heading: MED. SHO? - GERMAN TAK
text: It is hit and blown up.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - ON ROAD
text: German infantry troops are being herded to the rear by GIs.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - NEWSPAPER HEADLINE
text: The headline reads: PATTON DASHES ACROSS FRANCE
scene_heading: THIRD ARMY BAGS 20,000 GERMANS
text: Camera pulls back to reveal the paper in the hand of
text: Bradley. With a broad grin on his face, Bradley hands
text: the paper over to Hansen.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Give George a headline and he's good
dialog: for another thirty miles.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: Patton's armor roars past as a column of German soldiers,
text: hands behind their necks, trudge in the opposite direction.
scene_heading: INT. REICHSCHANCELLERY - MAP ROOM
text: Steiger is keeping his own score of the German casualties
text: inflicted by Patton's army, He has a piece of opaque
text: plastic on his desk, on which has been printed in crayon
text: the word CASUALTIES. Under this is the following:
dialog: KILLED... . . 4,126
scene_heading: WOUNDED... . 13,084
dialog: CAPTURED . . . . 16,119
dialog: Gont,.
dialog: 66
dialog: 119
dialog: 340 Cont.
dialog: 3hl
speaker_heading: 343
speaker_heading: 3bh
text: Steiger erases the 16, 119 figure with a cloth and
dialog: substitutes 18,563.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE ~ MED. SHOT - DAY
text: An American half-track with General Carver in it pulls up
text: alongside a lead tank. Carver shouts to the tank COMMANDER,
speaker_heading: ‘CARVER
dialog: Have you lost contact with the enemy?
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: Well, move up after them!
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: We bypassed them, General. They're
dialog: behind us!
scene_heading: IN?. REICHSCHANCELLERY - MED. CLOSE SHOT - STEIGER
text: working on his chart again. It now reads:
scene_heading: KILLED. . . . 8,973
scene_heading: WOUNDED . . . 27,081
scene_heading: CAPTURED. . . 16,563
text: He is rubbing out the 18,563 figure and substituting 34,10).
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY
text: A column of Third Army tanks stopped. Several tank
text: COMMANDERS are squatting around their maps.
speaker_heading: TANK COMMANDER #1
dialog: Hell, it just isn't on the map!
speaker_heading: TANK COMMANDER #2
dialog: You know why? We've run clear off
dialog: the map.
scene_heading: -INT. REICHSCHANCELLERY - MED. CLOSE SHOT - STEIGER
dialog: His chart now reads:
dialog: KILLED. . . . 16,217
scene_heading: WOUNDED . . . 55,023
dialog: CAPTURED, . . 34,104
text: He is rubbing out the 34,10 figure and substituting in
dialog: crayon 62,163.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 3L5
speaker_heading: 3h6
speaker_heading: 3L7
speaker_heading: 348
dialog: 39
dialog: 350
speaker_heading: 351
dialog: 352
dialog: 120
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Patton and Codman are ina jeep as it moves down the road.
text: They are looking up into the sky end Patton is talking
text: into a microphone.
scene_heading: UP ANGLE - ON LIGHT RECON PLANE
text: as it circles overhead.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - ROAD
text: Still looking up, Patton yells orders into the microphone
text: and gestures toward a halted tank column beside the road.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Several small parachutes blossom open below the circling
text: plane and drop to the ground. Camera pans down as tank
text: commanders rush to open the tubular packets attached to
text: the chutes. Maps are unrolled and the tank commanders
text: remount their vehicles. In a few moments the tank engines
text: are roaring as they speed onward again.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PATTON'S JEEP
text: There is a broad triumphant grin on Patton's face as the
text: jeep roars past the tank column. The tankers wave and
text: grin back es Patton passes. On his face, as he feels the
dialog: thrill of this hell-for-leather dash, is an expression
text: close to ecstasy.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD INTERSECTION - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Several ambulances are trying to cross the main road, and
text: & heavy traffic snarl has developed, Two tanks are
text: slithering around in the mud, their treads getting no
text: traction, adding to the confusion, An MP knee-deep in
text: mud is trying to unsnarl the traffic, but he's not getting
dialog: anywhere.
scene_heading: INT. LIGHT LIAISON PLANE - CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
text: His face is grim as he sees the traffic snarl below.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (to Pilot)
dialog: Take me down to that foul-up.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANE - LONG SHOT
text: as it circles and proceeds to land in a field adjoining
dialog: the crossroads.
dialog: 66
dialog: 35k
speaker_heading: 355
speaker_heading: A-355
speaker_heading: 356
speaker_heading: 357
scene_heading: HED, SHOT - TRAFFIC SNARL
text: Tanks, ambulances, half-tracks are in a welter of confusion.
text: Drivers are yelling pointlessly and the MP is hopelessly
text: out of his depth. Patton bursts on the scene like a
text: tornado, yells at the MP.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Get out.of the way! I'1l unscramble
dialog: this mess!
text: As he backs away from the rampaging Patton, the MP
text: stumbles and fails into a mud puddle, getting soaking wet.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - MED. SHOT - BRADLEY'S JEEP
text: Bradley and Hansen are in the jeep as it approaches the
text: traffic jam and slows down. Bradley surveys the scene.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - TRAFFIC JAM
text: Wallowing through the mud, Patton has jumped up on 4
text: gasoline drum that is in water up to half its height.
text: Yelling directions we cannot make out but are clearly
text: blistering, he manages to pull order out of the chaos
dialog: and get the column moving again.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRADLEY
text: Passing the MP, who is wet and shaking with cold, Bradley
text: motions Hansen to stop, takes off his field jacket.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Chet, take this over to that boy. I
dialog: can get another one a lot easier than
dialog: he can.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON PATTON
text: The roaring lash of his tongue having broken the log jam,
text: he now directs traffic with the magnificent grace of a
text: Roman policeman. He is interrupted by Hansen, who salutes
text: and reports that Bradley wants to see him. (The roar of
text: the vehicles drowns out all dialogue.) Turning the traffic
text: control back to the MP, Patton leaps down from his gasoline
text: drum, moves over to join Bradley.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT AT BRADLEY'S JEEP
text: as Patton approaches, salutes.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: You'd make e good traffic cop.
dialog: (then, seriously)
dialog: George, this drive to the Seine has
dialog: been absolutely magnificent. But
dialog: I'm sorry to say we have to slow you
dialog: down.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: ©
dialog: 66
dialog: 357 Cont.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What the hell for?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: For the time being we have to cut
dialog: off your supplies -- gasoline,
dialog: ammunition, everything. SHAEF is
text: up against a new set of priorities.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (his suspicions
dialog: growing heated)
dialog: I think I smell Montgomery.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Now take it easy, George. There
dialog: are serious issues involved here --
dialog: political issues.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (belligerently)
dialog: By God it is Montgomery!
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: The launchins sites for the V-2
dialog: bombs are all in his area. And
dialog: Mr. Churchill wants those rocket
dialog: bases destroyed. Hitler's killing
dialog: more civilians in London than
dialog: soldiers in the field!
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: {disdainfully)
dialog: They expect Monty to do anything
dialog: about it?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: He said if he was given the supplies,
text: he'd pounce on them like a savage wolf.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: He'll pounce like a savage rabbit!
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: You give me that gasoline and I'll
dialog: gain ground with it. I'll kill
dialog: Germans, too. Give me 400,000 gallons
dialog: and I'll go to Berlin!
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: George, I can't do it,
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 357 Cont.1
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: That Siegfried line is an empty
dialog: shell -- don't you realize that?
dialog: They've stripped it and sent all
text: the equipment to the eastern front.
text: It's overgrown and crawling with cows.
dialog: I could poke through it in two days:
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (his patience running out)
dialog: No use arguing with me. This wasn't
dialog: my idea.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What did you pick me to command for
dialog: if you won't let me kill Germans?
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
text: (finally exasperated
dialog: and angry)
dialog: I didn't pick you! Ike picked you!
dialog: «eeXou've performed brilliantly --
dialog: you're loyal and dedicated. You're
dialog: one of the best field commanders I have,
dialog: but you don't know when to shut up...
dialog: George, you're a pain in the neck!
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (taken aback,
dialog: he quiets down)
dialog: Itve got a lot of faults, Brad --
dialog: I kmow that’ -- but ingratitude
dialog: isn't one of them. And I owe you
dialog: a lot... Hell, I know I'm a prima
dialog: donna -- I admit it! What I hate
dialog: about Monty is that he won't admit it!
scene_heading: 358 INT. PATTON'S COMMAND POST (ACROSS THE SEINE) - MED. SHOT
speaker_heading: - NIGHT
text: Patton is lecturing his Third Army staff, including the
text: familiar faces of Carver, Davenport, Bell, Codman, Stiller.
text: Willy is at Patton's feet. .
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I will not allow Third Army to
dialog: sit on its ass! I want you to
dialog: round up every drop of gas and
dialog: every bit of ammunition you can
dialog: find. Drain and deadline all
dialog: supply vehicles.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 66
dialog: 12h
dialog: 358 Cont.
speaker_heading: 359
dialog: 360
speaker_heading: 361
speaker_heading: PATTON (Cont.)
dialog: Ground the spotter planes... Go on
dialog: out and get gasoline -- I don't
dialog: care how you get it. We'll move
dialog: forward till our engines go dry ~-
dialog: then we'll fight on foot! Remember,
dialog: this isn't the War College -- this
dialog: is Third Army!
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD JUNCTION - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: A nattily dressed Military Policeman stands in the inter-
text: section, holding up his hand to stop the lead truck of a
text: convoy with FIRST ARMY on their bumpers.
text: An MP LIEUTENANT, standing beside a temporary sign reading
text: FIRST ARMY GASOLINE DEPOT, calls out to the DRIVER of the
text: lead truck.
speaker_heading: MP LIBUTENANT
dialog: Is that First Army gasoline?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MP LIEUTENANT
text: {jabbing his thumb in
dialog: direction indicated by
dialog: sign)
dialog: Detour... This way.
text: The MP in the intersection signals gracefully the indicated
text: direction, and the truck convoy moves out. After the last
text: truck has passed, the MP Lieutenant reaches up and peels
text: off a piece of masking tape on the sign that bears the
text: word FIRST, leaving the sign as it was originally --
text: THIRD ARMY GASOLINE DEPOT. The MP exchanges a erin with
dialog: his Lieutenant. .
dialog: Lieutenant -- worl get the bronze
dialog: star for this.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - LONG SHOT - DAY
text: A column of four tanks moves down the road.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - SECOND TANK
text: The tank's engine sputters, coughs and dies. The vehicle
text: stops and the crew gets out. The third and fourth tanks
text: slow down and the men clamber aboard.
dialog: 66
dialog: 362
speaker_heading: 363
dialog: 364~
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: 367
speaker_heading: 368
speaker_heading: 369
speaker_heading: 370
speaker_heading: 371
dialog: 372
speaker_heading: 373
dialog: 125
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - MED. LONG SHOT - DAY
text: Down the road comes an unlikely caravan -- a tank towing
text: an ammunition truck, behind which is fastened a weapons
text: carrier, which in turn hes a 105mm howitzer attached to it.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD AND WOODS - LONG SHOT - DAY
text: A tank unit is moving across the field in line. Half have
text: run out of gas, and as we watch, five or six sputter and
text: come to a stop. Ths crews get out with their weapons and
dialog: move forward on foot.
scene_heading: SERIES OF CUTS - DAY
text: Quick flashes of tanks stopped in odd positions, shot from
text: odd angles. They look like frozen frames -- one tank
text: stalled climbing a ditch, another fording a little stream,
text: another on the side of a hill.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - MSD. LONG SHOT - NIGHT
text: Three American tanks move across the field.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TANK COMMANDER
text: He's a CAPTAIN, a big man who fills the hatch as he scans
text: the darkness ahead through binoculars.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT (BINOCULAR EFFECT)
text: A column of German armored vehicles can be seen in the
text: darkness moving along a road.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THREE AMERICAN TANKS
text: They are headed toward the road. The third tank coughs,
text: sputters and stops as its engine dies.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TANK COMMANDER (SERGEANT) OF SECOND TANK
text: He speaks into his microphone.
speaker_heading: TANK COMMANDER
dialog: Captain -- Bailey's run out of gas
text: and there's a Kraut column up ahead.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CAPTAIN
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (quietly, into his
dialog: mike)
dialog: I know... Button up and open fire
dialog: soon as you find a target.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - AMERICAN TANKS
text: They open fire, their gun flashes piercing the night.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 374
dialog: 375
speaker_heading: 376
speaker_heading: 377
speaker_heading: 378
speaker_heading: 379
dialog: 360
speaker_heading: 361
dialog: 126
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GERMAN ARMORED COLUMN
text: as they return the fire. In a moment a hot battle is
text: raging, the ghostly forms of the armored vehicles
text: momentarily illuminated by the muzzle flashes.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - MED. LONG SHOT - DAWN
text: Patton's jeep, driven by Codman, appears in the distance,
text: moves toward camera, As it negotiates a little bend in
text: the road, Patton signals Codman to stop. They both get
text: out, staring at the road ahead.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT - RIAD (THEIR P.9.V.)
text: In the gray silence of early dawn the devastation of last
text: night's tank battle can be seen. An SS panzer detachment,
text: an awesome collection of tanks, field guns, ambulances and
text: trucks, lies scattered along the road, the vehicles dead
text: and burned out. ‘two of the three American tanks can be
text: seen, one blasted open, its insides still smoking.
text: Patton and Codman move past camera into scene. They move
text: forward without words, fascinated by the strange silent
dialog: atmosphere of this killing ground.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON (MOVING)
text: as he surveys the scene.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES
text: Vehicles and field pieces are blasted and charred. And
text: everywhere -- in the vehicles, in the ditch, in the field
text: beside it -- are the corpses of German soldiers. Dead
text: men sit in trucks as if still driving. Wounded men, now
text: dead, spill crazily out of an ambulance. A man sits
text: upright at his field piece as though asleep.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
text: His eyes absorb every detail.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Lying on the ground beside an American tank are the bodies
dialog: of several GIs.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Contimaing on, Patton suddenly comes across the big quiet
text: Captain we saw in his tank last night. Bone-tired, his
text: eyes glazed and bloodshot with fatigue, he sits propped
text: against the treads of a tank.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Were you in command here, Captain?
dialog: Cont.
dialog: ©
dialog: 66
dialog: 127
dialog: 361 Cont.
dialog: 382
text: fhe Captain looks up at Patton blankly, makes no effort to
text: rise. He is almost too exhausted to speak.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Iwas in command... My tank platoon
text: was supporting an infantry company.
dialog: Tanks ran out of gas -- so we had to
dialog: fight it out. We started eleven
dialog: o'clock last nignt, finished a couple
dialog: of hours ago.
text: Patton looks up and notices that in the field nearby are
text: American and German dead, seemingly in each other's embrace.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: This morning the fighting was hand-
dialog: to-hand.
text: Patton looks at the Captain, then suddenly takes the
text: exhausted face in his hands and kisses the man on the
text: forehead. Cawera follows Patton as he moves off, deeply
text: moved, and continues to explore the strange, silent battle-
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: He proceeds a few more steps, totally immersed in the
text: eerie scene. Then he pauses, pulls out of his pocket an
text: old folded Michelin touring map, glances at it fondly.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You know, Cod -- it always comes
dialog: to me at nicht. Starts out as a
dialog: headache... I teke an aspirin and
dialog: it turns into a dream. Then I've
dialog: got it.
dialog: (inner excitement
dialog: mounting)
dialog: Right now the whole Nazi Reich is
dialog: mine for the taking... Think of it!
dialog: I was almost sent home in disgrace --
dialog: and now I have precisely the right
dialog: instrument at precisely the right
dialog: moment in history --
dialog: (shows the map to
dialog: Codman, his finger
dialog: pointing for emphasis)
dialog: -- at exactly the right place.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: (looking where Patton's
dialog: finger points)
dialog: The Sear?
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: 382 Cont.
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: This will change soon, like a planet
text: spinning off into the universe. Such
dialog: a moment won't come again for a thousand
dialog: years. And ell I need is a few miserable
dialog: gallons of gasoline.
dialog: (tapping the map
dialog: again with his
dialog: finger)
dialog: Right now, this is the weak spot.
dialog: Ten days and I could be in Berlin.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: What about the fortifications at
dialog: Verdun and Metz?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Fixed fortifications are man's
dialog: monument to stupidity.
dialog: (confidently)
dialog: When mountain ranges and oceans can
dialog: be overcome, anything built by man
dialog: can be overcome.
dialog: (smiling, like a
dialog: boy with a riddle)
dialog: You know how I know they're finished
dialog: out there?
text: Codman shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PATTON
text: The carts. They're using carts to
text: lug their supplies and wounded.
text: Camera moves close to Patton and, for a moment, we almost
text: can remember the spectacle he describes.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: In my dream I saw the carts. They
dialog: kept buzzing around in my head and
dialog: I couldn't figure out why. Then I
dialog: remembered: the nightmare in the
text: snow -- the endless, agonizing retreat
dialog: from Moscow. God the cold! The wounded,
dialog: and what was left of the supplies, were
text: thrown into carts. Napoleon was finished.
text: No color left, not even the red of blood.
dialog: Only snow.
text: He pauses for a long moment, looking at the battlefield.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (with deep inner
dialog: excitement)
dialog: Just look at that, Codman. Compared tc
dialog: war, all other forms of human endeavor
dialog: shrink to insignificance.
dialog: 129
scene_heading: 383- BLACK AND WHITE NEWSREEL
speaker_heading: C) 393
scene_heading: NEWSREEL TITLE: ALLIES LIBERATE PARIS!
scene_heading: A.- SHOTS OF LIBERATION OF PARIS (STOCK)
text: These shots show French troops entering Paris, with
text: the wildly cheering populace out to greet them. The
text: Parisians swarm all over the soldiers, kissing them,
text: giving them food and wine, etc. Scenes of absolute
text: triumph and unrestrained joy.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Paris is liberated -- and French troops
dialog: lead the way! The Allies march into the
dialog: historic city after four years of Nazi
dialog: occupation. The hard-fighting French
dialog: Second Armored Division under Major
dialog: General Jacques Leclerc, temporarily
text: detached from Patton's Third Army,
dialog: gets a welcome they will never forget as
dialog: they enter their beloved Paris!
text: NEWSREEL TITLE: MONTGOMERY DRIVES INTO BELGIUM!
text: F,- SHOTS OF BRITISH TROOPS ON THE MOVE
dialog: H.
speaker_heading: Oo NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: (o-s-)
text: In a powerful drive to the north
dialog: British General Montgomery cuts off
dialog: and bypasses the French coastal towns
dialog: of Boulogne, Calais and Dunkirk --
dialog: pushing on to capture the vital Belgian
dialog: port of Antwerp.
text: NEWSREEL TITLE: PATTON RACES TOWARD GERMANY!
scene_heading: I.- SHOTS OF ARMORED FORCES ROLLING (STOCK)
dialog: K.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: O.S.
text: roenites a main body of Patton's
text: army, resupplied now and rolling like
text: a juggernaut, is slashing toward the
text: Saar. Nazi resistance appears to be
text: crumbling, and it seems that nothing
dialog: can stop our troops from driving on
dialog: into the heart of Germany.
scene_heading: NOTE: END OF NEWSREEL.
dialog: 66
dialog: 394-
speaker_heading: 397
speaker_heading: 398
speaker_heading: 399
dialog: 400
speaker_heading: 4o1
speaker_heading: 4o2
speaker_heading: 403
dialog: 130
text: SERIES OF CUTS IN THE ARDENNES FOREST
text: The screen is made opaque by a whirling blizzard. The
text: music is cold, strange, frightening. Out of the mist
text: and snow a ghostly formation of giant German tanks looms
text: up, lunging forward. A roadside sign -- ST. VITH. German
text: mechanized artillery races forward past a sign reading
text: MALMEDY. German infantry slogging on behind protecting
text: tanks. Another sign: HOUFFALIZE.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT IN SNOWY FOREST
text: Americen infantry, under a heavy mortar barrage, are
text: ordered by a platoon commander to relinquish their position.
text: They break and run as Nazi tanks loom up on the forest road.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT - ROAD
text: Showing burning American vehicles, spilled-out American
dialog: dead.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - ROADSIDE
text: as German tanks roar past, moving forward. Camera pans
text: across a still-smoldering American personnel carrier, beside
text: which is a sign in English: NO PARKING.
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S COMMAND POST (AT NANCY) - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
text: Patton is at work with his maps. Artillery can be heard in
text: b.g. as Davenport enters. It is windy and storming outside.
text: Willy is sleeping on the floor.
speaker_heading: DAVENPORT
dialog: Sir, General Bradley on your line.
text: Patton picks up the phone, speaks with unbounded enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Brad -- I've got a bridgehead across
dialog: the Saar! I'm on my way into Germany!
scene_heading: INT. BRADLEY'S MOBILE FIELD OFFICE - CLOSE SHOT - BRADLEY
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (into phone, firmly)
dialog: Wait a minute, George. We've got
dialog: some trouble up north. I want you
dialog: to transfer 10th Armored to
text: Middleton's VIII Corps right away.
scene_heading: “CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (roaring)
dialog: Brad, you can't do that to me -- !
dialog: 4ok
dialog: 405
speaker_heading: A-4O5
speaker_heading: B-405
dialog: 66
dialog: 131
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BRADLEY
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (with quiet but
dialog: unshakable authority)
text: I don't have time to argue. There's
dialog: a lot of enemy activity up around the
dialog: Ardennes. Don't know yet how serious
dialog: it is, but Ike wants us to meet with
dialog: Beetle Smith tomorrow at Verdun. Be
dialog: there at eleven hundred.
scene_heading: MED, CLOSE SHOT ~ PATTON
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: (he hangs up, turns
dialog: to Davenport}
dialog: Get Bell in here. We may have a new
dialog: ball game.
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S COMMAND POST - CLOSE SHOT ~ MAP - NIGHT
text: This map takes in Patton's present positions as well as
text: Luxembourg and the Ardennes. Camera pulls back to reveal
dialog: Patton and Bell.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: (indicating paper
dialog: in his hand)
dialog: The last intercept indicated the German
dialog: troop concentration north of Trier is
text: breaking up. After that they went on
text: radio silence.
dialog: (pointedly) .
dialog: When we put our units on radio silence,
dialog: it means we're going to move.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (computing the
dialog: possibilities)
dialog: There's absolutely no reason for us
dialog: to assume the Germans are mounting a
dialog: major offensive.. The weather is awful.
dialog: Their supplies are low. And the German
dialog: army hasn't mounted a winter attack
dialog: since Frederick the Great...Therefore,
dialog: I believe that's exactly what they're
dialog: going to do.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND POST - MED, SHOT
text: The Third Army staff is gathered, listening to Patton.
text: Willy is seated in a chair with the others.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (using map)
dialog: I want you to start making contingency
dialog: plans for pulling out of our eastward
dialog: attack, changing direction ninety degrees
dialog: and moving up to Luxembourg.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: QC
dialog: 66
dialog: 132
dialog: B-405 Cont.
speaker_heading: 406
speaker_heading: 407
speaker_heading: PATTON (Cont.)
dialog: (noticing the glances
dialog: being exchanged)
dialog: Don't look so stunned, gentlemen.
dialog: Plan for three possible axes of attack:
dialog: from Diekirch due north; from Arlon
dialog: toward Bastogne; from Neufchateau
text: against the German left flank.
scene_heading: EXT. FRENCH BARRACKS IN VERDUN - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: A sign on the building designates it as EAGLE MAIN.
text: Sentries stand outside the snow-swept building as Patton
text: is driven up in a jeep. He gets out, hurries on inside.
scene_heading: INT, DAY ROOM IN FRENCH BARRACKS - MED. SHOT
text: It is a fairly barren room with a heavy table, around which
text: are seated, in addition to Bradley and Patton, Smitn, Tedder,
text: de Guingand and a few SHAEF officers. There is @ map on an
text: easel showing the deep penetration of the allied lines along
text: CT front, and at the map is a British BRIGADIER
speaker_heading: GENERAL.
speaker_heading: BRIGADIER GENERAL
dialog: We've identified four German armies
dialog: -- the Seventh, the Fifth Panzer, the
dialog: Sixth SS Panzer and the Fifteenth.
dialog: They've hit us with twenty-six divisions.
dialog: They overran two regiments of the 106th
dialog: Division, and seventy-five hundred of
dialog: our men were forced to surrender...Qur
dialog: ° immediate concern is that Von Runstedt
dialog: has the 10lst Airborne trapped here at
dialog: Bastogne --
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Bastogne, by the way, is the key to
dialog: this entire area. If we can hold it,
dialog: we can break up the German offensive.
dialog: If they take it, we're in serious trouble.
dialog: (looking to de Guingand
dialog: and Patton)
dialog: Ike wants to know if somebody can get
dialog: up there and relieve the 101st before
text: they're cut to pieces.
speaker_heading: DE GUINGAND
dialog: I'm afraid there's nothing Field Marshal
dialog: Montgomery can do -- not for some weeks
dialog: at any rate.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: George -- what about you?
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 407 Cont.
dialog: There is
dialog: 133
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I can attack with three divisions
dialog: in forty-eight hours.
text: a stir and a shifting of chairs, surprise and
text: skepticism on every face.
dialog: They eye
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: I'd give myself some leeway if
dialog: I were you.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (a little impatient)
dialog: Ike wants a realistic estimate,
dialog: George ... YouTre in the middle
text: of a fight now. And it's over
text: a hundred miles to Bastogne.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (with quiet
dialog: assurance)
dialog: My staff's already working out
dialog: the details.
text: him in amazement.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Frankly, I don't see how it's
dialog: possible. Not in this kind of
dialog: weather.
speaker_heading: DE GUINGAND
dialog: I should think first of all, you'd
text: want to fall back and regroup.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (enjoying this)
dialog: Not me, Freddy. I don't like to
dialog: pay twice for the same real estate.
speaker_heading: TEDDER
dialog: What about your men? You can't
dialog: pull them out of the line, cart
dialog: them off a hundred miles, and
dialog: expect them to attack without
dialog: rest!
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I trained those men, Arthur. They'll
dialog: do anything I tell them to do.
speaker_heading: DE GUINGAND
dialog: (drily needling)
dialog: We hadn't rezlized you were so
dialog: popular with your troops, General.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 134
speaker_heading: 407 Cont.1
speaker_heading: 408
speaker_heading: 409
dialog: 410
speaker_heading: AL
speaker_heading: 41a
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Maybe I'm not. They'll do it because
dialog: they're good soldiers... And because
dialog: they know, as I do, that we can still
dialog: lose this war!
speaker_heading: DE GUINGAND
dialog: I think I can speak, sir, for
dialog: Field Marshal Montgomery. He'd
dialog: say you're demanding the impossible
dialog: of your men.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (with a taunting smile)
text: Sure he would. He doesn't realize
dialog: that's what we're in business for!
scene_heading: EXT, THIRD ARMY TANK PARK - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: There is heavy snow on the ground. Everywhere there is
text: feverish preparation for an armored attack. A tank crew
text: is busy slapping white paint on the side of its tank.
text: Another tank, already whitened, is moving out fast.
speaker_heading: MED, ‘SHOT
text: The last member of a tank crew sloshes white paint on ae
text: helmet and mounts up as the tank pulls out.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT AT FARMHOUSE
text: Two tanks are parked beside the farmhouse. GIs are tossing
text: sheets down from a second-story window to men below, who
text: are ripping them up for camouflage suits, cutting armholes,
text: etc. One tank crew, already fitted out, mounts up and
text: zooms off.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT - ROAD
text: A Third Army armored outfit roars northward along the
dialog: snow-Clogged road.
scene_heading: INT. BRADLEY'S OFFICE (LUXEMBOURG) - DAY
text: A window of this office looks out upon an arched bridge.
text: Moving over it is a never-ending stream of Third Army
text: tanks, half-tracks and 2-1/2 ton trucks. Bradley and
text: Hansen are watching through the window.
speaker_heading: HANSEN
dialog: If they get there in time it'll
dialog: be a miracle.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: George is pretty good at miracles.
speaker_heading: 413
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: 445
dialog: 417-
dialog: 4ig
dialog: 420
dialog: 421-
speaker_heading: 423
dialog: 66
dialog: 135
scene_heading: MED, LONG SHOT - ICY ROADSIDE
text: Artillery fire can be heard as Third Army trucks pull up and
text: infantrymen pile out, deploying on both sides of the roac.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - INFANTRY ADVANCING
text: German tanks appear, their guns firing at the advancing
text: American infantry. Two of the tanks fire searing bursts
text: from the flame-throwers, a frightening crimson tongue
text: against the white snow.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - MED. LONG SHOT
text: An American tank, buttoned up, advances down the street
text: scattering cows, pigs and chickens. It is taking heavy
text: fire from @ building. The tank rumbles up to the building,
text: pokes the muzzle of its gun through a window and blasts
text: away, silencing the opposition.
scene_heading: EXT. WINTRY ROADSIDE - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Patton, Davenport and Codman are in @ jeep watching a
text: mechanized outfit roll by on the snow-covered icy road.
text: It's an impressive sight: self-propelled guns, rocket
dialog: launchers, heavy equipment of all kinds and men --~
text: hundreds of men -- rolling forward.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF CUTS
text: Shots of the soldiers manning this equipment -- the men in
text: the_trucks, on the self-propelled guns, in the armored
text: personnel carriers. They are young -- but they have the
text: look of veteran soldiers.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - PATTON, DAVENPORT AND CODMAN
text: Patton watches as his men pass by.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Here's where the training and discipline
dialog: pays off. Wkat other outfit could pull
dialog: out of a winter battle, move a hundred
text: miles, and go into a major attack with
dialog: no sleep, no rest, not even hot food?
dialog: (with a deep sense of
dialog: pride and glory)
dialog: God, I'm proud of these men.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF CUTS
text: Faces of individual GIs: A tank commander in his turret,
text: face seared by the icy wind. A soldier in a 2-1/2 ton
text: truck, gouging frozen K ration out of a tin with a trench
text: knife. Infantrymen marching against the wintry blast.
dialog: 66
dialog: ea
speaker_heading: 4a5
speaker_heading: 426
speaker_heading: 427
speaker_heading: 428
speaker_heading: 429
dialog: 136
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - TANK
text: Chalked on its side is the legend: HEY, IKE - WANT TO WIN?
dialog: LET GEORGE DO IT!
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - ARMORED PERSONNEL CARRIER
text: In chalk, on its side: HOME ALIVE IN '45
scene_heading: EXT. ICY ROAD INTERSECTION - MED. SHOT
text: The COLONEL commanding an armored regiment is watching from
text: his radio-equipped jeep as MPs sort out the traffic.
text: Patton drives up, and the Colonel gets out of his jeep with
text: a piece of paper, comes over to Patton and salutes. The
text: sound of artillery fire can be heard.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (indicating message
dialog: in his hand)
dialog: Sir, General McAuliffe's turned down
dialog: a German surrender demand!.... You
dialog: know what he said?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOLONEL
dialog: He said, 'Nuts!'
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (with a broad grin
dialog: of admiration
dialog: Keep moving, Colonel! A man thet
dialog: eloquent has to be saved!
scene_heading: EXT. HEAVILY WOODED AREA - LONG SHOT
text: Heavy enemy shells are bursting all around as the GIs
text: advance through the snow-shrouded forest. Air bursts
text: clip the tops of huge fir trees and they come tumbling
text: to the ground.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - EDGE OF FOREST
text: The Gis emerge from the woods, firing as they go. In the
text: distance, we can see German troops who have broken and are
dialog: retreating.
dialog: our
dialog: 430
speaker_heading: 431
dialog: 432
speaker_heading: 433
dialog: 43h
dialog: 435
dialog: 66
dialog: 137
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT - ROAD
text: A German tank outfit is retreating down the snowy, muddy
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: An American armored unit is in hot pursuit.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - ROADSIDE
text: A German noncom pushes the plunger on a detonator.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT - ROAD
text: Shooting over American tanks in f.g., with German tanks
text: disappearing in distance. Suddenly, in a series of
text: explosions starting at the far end and working forward,
text: trees are blasted in such a way that they fall from both
text: sides of the road across the roadway. The lead American
text: tank swings abruptly and moves off the road, signaling
text: other tanks to follow.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - BESIDE ROAD
text: Melting snow has created a sea of mud and the tanks,
text: trying to circumvent the roadblock, are slewing around in
text: hopeless confusion.
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S COMMAND POST (AT NANCY) - FULL SHOT - NIGHT
text: Members of the Third Army staff are busy at phones or with
dialog: paper work -- Carver, Bell, Davenport, Codman, etc. There's
text: a sense of tension and urgency. Willy is present. And
text: Patton is the center of the activity.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 435 Cont.
dialog: He hangs
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: BELL
text: Sir, Von Rundstedt's thrown another
text: panzer division against Bastogne.
text: 101st Airborne is hanging on by
dialog: their fingernails.”
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Air cover -- that's what we need.
dialog: Twenty-four hours of decent weather
dialog: and we could make it.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: {handing Patton
dialog: a phone)
dialog: General Mason, sir -~
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mace -- we're short of foot soldiers.
dialog: I want you to cannibalize your anti-
text: tank units and turn them into rifle-
dialog: men. Yes -- every damn one you can
dialog: find!
text: up. Davenport has.entered, snow-covered.
speaker_heading: DAVENPORT
dialog: (grimy)
dialog: General -- I just got the weather
dialog: report for tomorrow. More snow.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: There goes our air cover. Sir,
dialog: we may have to pull up and wait
dialog: for better weather.
speaker_heading: PATTON
text: There are brave men dying up there.
dialog: I won't wait for one hour or one
dialog: minute. We keep moving -- is that
dialog: clear?!
dialog: (after a suitable pause)
dialog: We attack all night and we attack
dialog: tomorrow morrming. If we are not
dialog: victorious, let no one come back
dialog: alive.
text: He nods curtiy in dismissal, turns to his maps. The staff
text: members greet this overblown statement with an exchange
text: of uncertain glances, edge their way to the door, leaving
text: Patton alone with Codman. Codman eyes him, decides to
dialog: venture the question.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: You know something, General? Sometimes
dialog: they can't tell when you're acting and
dialog: when you're nov. Cont.
dialog: 139
dialog: 435 Cont.l
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (with a sly and
dialog: private smile)
dialog: It isn't important for them to know.
dialog: Itts only important for me to know.
text: The Third Army CHAPLAIN, a Colonel, enters, wearing a
text: snow-flecked heavy combat jacket.
speaker_heading: CHAPLAIN
dialog: You wanted to see m, General?
speaker_heading: PaTTON
dialog: Chaplain, I'm sick and tired of Third
dialog: Army trying to fight Germans, the
dialog: Supreme Command, no gasoline -- and
dialog: now this ungodly weather!... I want
text: a prayer. A weather prayer.
speaker_heading: CHAPLAIN
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Weather prayer, sir?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Let's see if you can't get God working
dialog: on our side in this thing.
speaker_heading: CHAPLAIN
dialog: It's going to take a pretty thick rug
dialog: for that kind of praying.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I don't care if it takes a flying
dialog: carpet.
speaker_heading: CHAPLAIN
dialog: Itm not sure, General, how that would
dialog: be received -- a prayer for good
dialog: weather so we can kill our fellowman.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I can assure you, because of my intimate
dialog: relations with the Almighty, that if
dialog: you write a good prayer, we'll have good
dialog: weather.
text: (curtly, glancing at
dialog: his waveh)
dialog: I'll expect that prayer within an hour.
speaker_heading: CHAPLAIN
dialog: {all but gulping)
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: 66
dialog: 66
dialog: 4.36
speaker_heading: 437
speaker_heading: 438
speaker_heading: 439
dialog: ha
dialog: 140
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR PATTON'S COMMAND POST - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
text: Patton is moving through the snow and sleet of the bitter
text: wintry night. Armored vehicles of every description are
text: roaring past him, headed north.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON (MOVING)
text: He has a piece of paper in his hand. He looks up from the
text: paper, speaks as he walks along, with great intensity.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: ‘Almighty and most merciful Father...
dialog: we humbly beseech Thee, of Thy great
dialog: goodness, to restrain these immoderate
dialog: rains with which we have had to contend...!'
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW-COVERED ROAD - NIGHT
text: American tanks drive forward through a blizzard of snow.
text: An occasional muzzle blast sears the night.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.) :
dialog: ..-Grant us fair weather for Battle.
dialog: Graciously hearken to us as soldiers
dialog: who call upon Thee that...'
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED AREA - NIGHT
text: Freezing infantrymen move through the forest, with artillery |
text: shells exploding all around them. Soms men drop and do
dialog: not rise again.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: .+.'armed with Thy power, we may
dialog: advance from victory to victory...!
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED AREA - NIGHT
text: A shot of the treetops as @ tree burst hits. The snow-
text: covered top of a giant tree is sheared off and drops
text: heavily to the ground.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: ',..and crush the oppression and
dialog: wickedness of our enemies...!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - WOUNDED GI
text: A hollow-eyed dogface, his left arm shattered, staggers
text: forward mechanically, oblivious to cold and blood and pain.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: {o.s.)
dialog: ',,.and establish Thy justice among
dialog: men and nations. Amen.'
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: LWh3
dialog: uhs
speaker_heading: Ube
dialog: Lh?
dialog: 450
dialog: ks.
dialog: k52~
speaker_heading: 455
speaker_heading: 456
dialog: 14
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - AMERICAN HEAVY BOMBERS - DAY (STOCK)
text: The flight of bombers flies by overhead against the sudden
text: bright blue of a clear winter sky.
scene_heading: XT. PATTON'S COMMAND POST (AT NANCY) - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: Patton, Davenport and Codman standing outside the CP,
text: staring up at the aircraft with happy faces. Willy is
dialog: with them.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (euphoric)
dialog: Weather's perfect!... Get me that
text: Chaplain. He stands in good with
dialog: the Lord and I want to decorate him!
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - AMERICAN ARMORED COLUMN - Da¥
text: A spectacular shot of armor racing down a snow-covered road
text: at top speed, with a flight of P-51s flying cover in the
text: brilliant blue sky overhead.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - 155MM SHELL - DaY
text: On the shell is chalked: MERRY XMAS FROM
speaker_heading: 101ST AIRBORNE
text: The shell is slammed into the breech and the breech block
dialog: locked.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MUZZLE 155 GUN FIRING
scene_heading: SSRIES OF CUTS: MEN OF 101ST AIRBORNE IN DEFENSIVE
scene_heading: PERIMETER - OUTSKIRTS OF BASTOGNE
text: Man firing from snow-covered foxhole, featuring his
text: 101st Airborne shoulder patch.
text: Man in double foxhole wrapping burlap around his frost-
text: pitten feet, tears of pain running down his cheeks - and
text: another GI is forcing a cigarette between his lips. Other
text: soldiers firing at advancing Germans.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - GERMANS ADVANCING THROUGH WOODED AREA
scene_heading: SERIES OF CUTS: AMERICAN SOLDIERS IN DEFENSE PERIMETER
text: as they fight desperately to hold off the attackers:
text: Cooks and bakers, wearing their white uniforms over their
text: ODs, firing at the Germans.
text: Negro Quartermaster troops, firing carbines, bazookas,
text: even hurling grenades.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - GERMANS
text: The attackers advance inexorably. Two tanks appear, in
text: support of the German infantry, firing into the positions
dialog: of the defenders.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 457
speaker_heading: 458
speaker_heading: 459
dialog: 4.60
speaker_heading: 461
dialog: 462
dialog: 467-
speaker_heading: 469
dialog: 12
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - AMSRICAN ANTI-TANK GUN
text: The half-frozen crew loads and fires as fast as possible.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - GERMAN TANK
text: Ignoring the anti-tank fire, the German fires his gun.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - ANTI-TANK POSITION
text: The gun takes a direct hit, the crew is destroyed.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT
dialog: The American defenders can't stand up against the over-
text: wWhelming odds and they start pulling back behind a wail
text: near the town.
text: ANGLE ON THE ADVANCING GERMANS
text: Suddenly, out of nowhere, Third Army tanks appear from the
text: woods, flanking the German advance. They roar into action,
text: knocking out the two German tanks and delivering a withering
text: fire into the German infantry, which breaks and runs, leaving
text: heavy casualties. An American armored spearhead follows the
text: lead tanks, with infantrymen clinging to the sides of the
text: Shermans, tearing in toward the beleaguered town.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT AT WALL
text: as the defenders rise up, scarcely able to believe what
dialog: they see.
speaker_heading: GI
dialog: It's the Third Army! Old Georgie
dialog: did it! He did it!
text: Wild with joy, a GI pokes the motionless man next to him.
text: Like a figure of stone, the dead man falls against the
text: wall on his face, frozen solid.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF CUTS
text: The ragged, bone-weary and desperate defenders of Bastogne
text: creep out in stunned and half-hysterical amazement. They
text: throw their arms around the Third Army GIs who slide down
text: off*the tanks and embrace them wildly.
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE NEWSREEL
scene_heading: NEWSREEL TITLE: BRITISH PREPARE FOR RHINE CROSSING}
scene_heading: A.- SERIES OF STOCK SHOTS
dialog: Cc.
text: Showing mammoth preparations for the Rhine crossing.
text: British troops, huge stockpiles of ammunition, trucks,
text: tanks, bulldozers, assault craft, etc. Anda shot
dialog: of Winston Churchill,
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 143
dialog: 467- Cont.
speaker_heading: 469
speaker_heading: A-1L69
dialog: B-l.69
speaker_heading: C-h69
dialog: 70
dialog: ie
speaker_heading: 473
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: (0.56
dialog: British Field Marshal Montgomery,
text: with three Allied armies, has assembled
dialog: the greatest military buildup since
dialog: D-day in order to assault what Winston
dialog: Churchill has called 'the greatest
dialog: water obstacle in Western Europe'.
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S COMMAND POST - DAY
text: Patton is speaking into a phone, and he is beside himself.
text: with excitement.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Helio, Brad? I'm across!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BRADLEY AT PHONE
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Well, I'll be damned. You mean across
dialog: the Rhine?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Yes! J sneaked a division over last
dialog: night. Dome a favor and make the
dialog: announcement, will you? I want the
dialog: world to know Third Army did it before
dialog: Monty could even get started!
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE WHWSREEL (CONTINUED)
text: NEWSREEL TITLE: ALLIES LINK UP AT ELBES
scene_heading: D.~+ SERIES OF STOCK SHOTS
speaker_heading: F 5
text: Russian and American troops meeting at Torgau. They
text: exchange greetings, cigarettes, embraces. They clown
text: for the cameramen, trying on each other's caps, etc.
speaker_heading: HARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: {o.s.)
dialog: Russian and American soldiers, meeting
dialog: for the first time in World War II,
text: enact a scene of wild celebration as
text: the two allied armies meet at the Elbe
text: River, deep inside Nazi Germany.
scene_heading: NOTE: END OF NEWSREEL
scene_heading: INT. REICHSCHANCELLERY - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: This usually crowded, bustling room is silent now and
text: unoccupied -- silent except for the nearby thunder of
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: Uy
dialog: 473 Cont.
dialog: The
dialog: is
text: Russian siege guns -- unoccupied except for the two lonely
text: figures of Jodl and Steiger, The deserted maps, the silent
text: teletypes give the huge room a quality of palpable defeat.
text: There is fallen plaster from nearby shellbursts. Jodi,
text: literal-minded even in chaos, works feverishly to destroy
text: classified material. Steiger is quite calmly glancing
text: through a pile of Patton material on his desk.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Get a move on, Steiger. I want
dialog: everything destroyed. Papers,
dialog: maps, everything.
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: (with a grim,
dialog: private smile}
dialog: Everything will be destroyed,
dialog: General -- that I can promise
dialog: you.
text: There is a particularly loud, close burst of artillery
text: fire, and the point of Steiger's remark is not entirely
dialog: lost on Jodi.
speaker_heading: JODL
dialog: {as plester dust
dialog: filters down)
dialog: I'll never let those Russian
dialog: barbarians take me! I'll die
dialog: by my own hand first -- as the
dialog: Fuehrer did in his bunker!
text: His eye falls on a picture of Hitler on the wall, its
text: frame hanging crooked from the shelling. Steiger, who
text: seems strangely unmoved, uninvolved, is looking at a
text: photograph of Patton he has come across.
speaker_heading: STEIGER
dialog: (studying the picture
dialog: with quiet objectivity)
dialog: He, too, will be destroyed. The
dialog: absence of war will kill hin.
dialog: (thoughtfully )
dialog: The pure warrior -- a magnificent
dialog: anachronism.
dialog: 66
dialog: 480
dialog: 1s
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL DINING ROOM ~ NIGHT ‘ (FORMERLY SCENE ),82)
text: The room has been cleared of tables and elaborately
text: decorated with Russian and American flags for a joint
text: reception of high-ranking American and Russian officers.
text: A balalaika band of Russian soldiers is playing. There
text: are dancers and acrobats performing. Patton stands
text: talking with Codman and Davenport as a RUSSIAN GENERAL,
text: complete with medals, approaches with a civilian
text: INTERPRETER. The Russian smiles affably and Patton
text: scowls ferociously as the Interpreter speaks to him in
text: English. A waiter appears, bearing a tray on which are
text: two stiff drinks.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: Excuse me, sir -- General Katkov
dialog: wishes to know if you will join
dialog: him for a drink to celebrate
dialog: the German surrender.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 146
dialog: 480 Cont.
speaker_heading: 482
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You tell the General I don't care to
dialog: drink with him or any other Russian
dialog: gonuvabitch.
text: Both Davenport and Codman react and the Interpreter
text: stares at him in open-mouthed disbelief.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: Sir, I - I cannot tell the General thet --
speaker_heading: PATION
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: You tell him word for word -- and
dialog: don't leave out the'sonuvabitch'!
text: The Interpreter turns, red-faced and apologetic, and repeats
text: Patton's reply in Russian, The General flushes angrily,
text: glares at Patton and for a moment an international explosion
text: seems likely, Then, controlling himself, the Russian gets
text: off a couple of quick sentences to the Interpreter in
dialog: Russian.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: (to Patton)
dialog: The General says he thinks you
dialog: are a sonuvabitch, too.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: {suddenly laughing)
dialog: Okay -- I'll drink to that.
text: One sonuvabitch to another.
text: The two men take the glasses off the tray and drink.
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S OFFICE IN OCCUPATION HEADQUARTERS -
scene_heading: (BAD TOLZ) - DAY - (FORMERLY SCENE 480)
text: A group of CORRESPONDENTS is gathered in the office
text: questioning Patton. Davenport and Codman are also present.
scene_heading: FIRST CORRESPONDENT
dialog: General, is it true that President
dialog: Roosevelt, before he died, promised
dialog: you a combat command in the Pacific?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (his personal .
dialog: disappointment apperent}
dialog: Yes, he did. But once he was gone,
dialog: there wasn't a chance.
dialog: (with a wry smile)
dialog: MacArthur didn't want me out there.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: ®@
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 481 Cont.
dialog: 147
scene_heading: SECOND CORRESPONDENT
dialog: We've been told about these wonder -
dialog: weapons the Germans were working on.
text: Long-range rockets, push-button
dialog: bombing, weapons that don't need
dialog: soldiers --
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (a depressed man)
dialog: Wonder weapons! God, I can't see
dialog: the wonder in them. Killing without
dialog: heroics, Nothing is glorified,
dialog: nothing is reaffirmed. No heroes,
dialog: no cowards, no troops...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No generals. Only those who are
dialog: left alive and those who are left...
dialog: dead. I'm glad I won't live to see it.
scene_heading: THIRD CORRESPONDENT
dialog: It's been pointed out, General, that
dialog: you're stiil using former Nazis in
dialog: key positions, despite the official
dialog: de-Nazification policy.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (testily)
dialog: If I'm supplied with trained
dialog: personnel, I'il get rid of the
dialog: Nazis. Till then, I'll use the
dialog: people who know how to run the
dialog: railroads and keep the telephones
dialog: working.
scene_heading: SECOND CORRESPONDENT
dialog: (apparently casually)
dialog: After all, General, didn't most ordinary
dialog: Nazis join the party in about the same
dialog: way Americans become Republicans or
dialog: Democrats?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Yes. That's about it.
text: Codman and Harkins react with instant apprehension. The
text: Correspondents exchange glances, scribble furiously.
scene_heading: THIRD CORRESPONDENT
dialog: (baiting him)
dialog: You do agree, don't you, that our
dialog: national policy should be made by
dialog: civilians and not by the military?
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 66
dialog: 148
speaker_heading: 4.81 Cont.1
speaker_heading: 482
speaker_heading: 483
dialog: 48h
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: The politicians never let us finish
dialog: awar. They always stop short --
dialog: leave us with another war to be fought.
scene_heading: THIRD CORRESPONDENT
dialog: (with a shrewd smile)
dialog: You thinking about cur Russian
dialog: allies, General?
text: Patton smiles blandly, doesn't reply.
scene_heading: FIRST CORRESPONDENT
dialog: Sir, did you say if you found your
dialog: army between the Germans and the
dialog: Russians, you'd attack in both
dialog: directions?
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: No, I didn't say that -- but I wish
dialog: T had.
text: The reporters are scribbling again.
dialog: our
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S OFFICE IN OCCUPATION HEADQUARTERS (BAD TOLZ) -
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT PAINTING OF PATTON - NIGHT
text: We reveal that an artist is working on the portrait. Patton
text: wears his seven rows of ribbons, his four stars, his ivory-
text: handled pistols. Camera pans to Patton himself in the
text: exact uniform and pose. But he looks different from the
text: painting; he looks tired and worn, his hair sparser, his
text: eyes dark, his face pale.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: (entering)
dialog: Sir, ‘there's a call on your line from
dialog: Supreme Headquarters. General Smith.
text: As Patton crosses and picks up the phone, Codman motions
text: the artist out of the room.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GEIERAL SMITH AT PHONE
text: His face is stern, his voice cuts like a lash.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Ike is furious! How could you
dialog: possibly compare Democrats and
dialog: épublicans to the Nazi party?...
dialog: And this statement that you refuse
dialog: to de-Nazify has everybody screaming
dialog: -- the British, the Russians, everybody.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 485
speaker_heading: 486
speaker_heading: 487
speaker_heading: 488
speaker_heading: 489
dialog: 14g
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON AT PHONE
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: The hell with those Mongoloid
dialog: Russians. We let them take Berlin
dialog: and Prague and God knows what else.
dialog: Are we going to let them dictate
dialog: policy, too?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SMITH
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Don't be a fool, George. The war
text: in Europe is over. Washington
dialog: dictates policy.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
dialog: His personal prejudice and his burning aversion to the
dialog: prospect of a peacetime existence combine to make him pretty
dialog: frenetic.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: The war shouldn't be over! And we
dialog: should stop pussyfooting about the
dialog: goddamn Russians. We'll have to
dialog: fight them sooner or later. Why
dialog: not do it now while we have an army
dialog: to do it with? Instead of disarming
dialog: these German troops, we should get them
dialog: to help us fight the damn Bolsheviks!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SMITH
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: George, you'd better shup up.
dialog: This line may be tapped.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PATTON
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I don't give a damn if it is! You
dialog: want to know something, Beetle?
dialog: Up till now we've been fighting the
dialog: wrong people!
dialog: (in a manic phase,
text: his eyes burn with
dialog: excitement)
dialog: Look -- you and Ike don't have to
dialog: get involved if you're so damn
dialog: soft about it. Just leave it to
dialog: me. In ten days I can have us at
dialog: war with those sonsuvbitches and
dialog: make it look like they started it.
dialog: 66
dialog: 490
dialog: gz
speaker_heading: 492
speaker_heading: A-L92
dialog: 193
dialog: 150
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SMITH
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (genuinely frightened
dialog: and appalled)
dialog: You're mad, George -- you're absolutely
dialog: out of your mind!
speaker_heading: CLOS& SHOT - PATTON
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: {almost frenziedly)
dialog: I'm no diplomat. I'm a combat
dialog: soldier -- and that's what these
dialog: jokers understand. You get Ike
dialog: to give me the word and I'll kick
dialog: their behinds back into Russia
dialog: where they belong -- |
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SMITH
text: His face grim, he quietly and deliberately hangs up.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PATTON'S OFFICE
text: Stunned, Patton hangs up, stares silently at Godman, who
text: has been watching him.
speaker_heading: CODMAN
dialog: Shall I call the artist back, sir?
speaker_heading: PATTON -
dialog: Hell with it... Nobody wants to look
dialog: at a picture of me. I'm mad, didn't
dialog: you know that?
scene_heading: INT. PATTON'S BEDROOM (BAD TOLZ) - CLOSE SHOT - BED
text: Laid out on the bed with meticulous care is Patton's
text: elaborate blouse, with all its colorful decorations.
text: Also the pistol belt, the shiny helmet, the riding
text: breeches and, beside the bed, the highly polished boots.
text: Camera pulls back to reveal Patton dressing before a
text: mirror, He wears a pair of plain GI trousers, and Meeks
text: is helping him into a simple Eisenhower jacket totally
text: devoid of decorations, bearing only the four stars of his
text: rank. As Patton studies his unfamiliar image in the mirror,
text: he seems, for the first time, to have aged. His eyes look
text: tired and his face is pale.
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: (studying Patton's appearance
dialog: without enthusiasm)
dialog: General -- you sure you want to wear
dialog: that uniform?
dialog: Gont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 151
dialog: 493 Cont.
speaker_heading: A-493
dialog: you,
speaker_heading: 495
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (deeply apprehensive,
dialog: he doesn't hear)
dialog: General Eisenhower's treated me
dialog: very fairly -- but when he sends
dialog: for me, it usually means troudile.
text: Patton has buttoned up the unadorned jacket, and Meeks is
text: not at all pleased with the result.
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: That makes you look -- I don't know --
dialog: kinda naked.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You know something, George? That's
dialog: the way I feel.
scene_heading: INT. ELABORATE FOYER - MED SHOT - NIGHT
text: Featured is an impressive door (presumably in Buckingham
text: Palace) with a liveried doorman outside it. Waiting nearby
text: on an antique settee is Montgomery. He is in his most
dialog: impressive military finery -- medals, honours, etc. --
text: much more elaborately dressed than we have ever seen him.
text: The door opens and a GUARDS OFFICER, in dress uniform,
text: steps outside, bows sligitly as he speaks to Montgomery.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Field Marshal -~ His Majesty is
dialog: prepared to receive the next Commander
dialog: of the Imperial General Staff.
text: Montgomery rises and goes on into the open door, which is
text: held for him and the Guards Officer by the doorman.
scene_heading: INT. ANTEROOM IN SUPREME HEADQUARTERS (FRANKFURT) - DAY
text: The place is decorated with elaborate flags, plaques, SHAEF
text: insignia. A group of five or six CORRESPONDENTS waits
text: impatiently in the anteroom. Several faces are recognizable
text: as having been,at the press conference in Patton's Bad Tolz
text: office. Camera moves into office door, on which is a sign:
text: GENERAL EISENHOWER. The door opens and Patton comes out.
text: His eyes are lifeless and he appears shaken, utterly drained.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The Correspondents are stunned by his appearance. As he
text: closes the door and moves off, one of them steps forward to
dialog: speak to him.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 66
dialog: 152
dialog: 495 Cont.
speaker_heading: 496
speaker_heading: 4o7
speaker_heading: CORRESPONDENT
dialog: One moment, General --
text: Uncharacteristically affected by the shock Patton has
text: sustained, two of the Correspondents take hold of their
text: colleague and pull him back. They watch as Patton,
text: oblivious, moves across the room like a sleepwalker and
text: goes out.
scene_heading: INT, PATTON'S HEADQUARTERS (IN BAD TOLZ) - DAY
text: Lined up in the room are Carver, Davenport, Bell, Codman,
text: Stiller and several enlisted men, including Sergeant Meeks
text: and Patton's driver. Camera follows as Patton moves down
text: the line shaking each man's hand in turn. The men try to
text: remain at blank-faced attention, but most eyes are misty.
text: At the end of the line, Patton turns to face the group
text: and there are tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: Well, gentlemen -- all good things
dialog: must come to an end --
dialog: (he continues
dialog: with difficulty)
dialog: The best thing that has come to
dialog: me in my life is the honor and
dialog: privilege of having commanded the
dialog: Third Army. Good-bye -- and God
dialog: bless you.
text: He turns quickly and goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. PATTON'S HEADQUARTERS (IN BAD TOLZ) - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: It is a gray winter day, the sun blotted out by an over-
text: cast that mutes all colors. There is snow on the ground
text: and the streets are icy. Patton comes out of the building
text: alone, deep in his own unhappiness, and is surprised to
text: find himself facing Bradley, who has actually been waiting
text: for him. Bradley now wears four stars.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: I've been relieved, Brad. They've
dialog: taken Third Army away from me.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: I know.
dialog: (he tries to sound casual)
dialog: I thought we might have dinner together
dialog: tonight --
speaker_heading: ATTON
dialog: (touched and grateful)
dialog: That's damn thoughtful, Brad, and
dialog: I appreciate it.
text: (gesturing toward his
dialog: jeep across the street)
dialog: Right now I'm going to take Willy for a
dialog: ee Cont.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 66
dialog: 153
dialog: 97 Cont.
speaker_heading: 498
dialog: 99
text: Bradley joins him as they move across the sidewalk. A man
text: is unhitching a team of oxen from a cart parked in the
text: street. As the oxen are removed, the cart starts rolling
text: down the icy street. Gathering speed, it is headed straight
text: for Patton as he steps off the curb.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: George -- look out)
text: Patton manages to leap out of the way just in time, and the
text: cart crashes to a stop against a parked car.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Patton gets up, brushes the snow off his uniform.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: After all I've been through, imagine
dialog: me getting killed by an oxcart.
text: Bradley grins. Patton continues moodily.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: You know -- there's only one proper
dialog: end for a professional soldier. A
dialog: quick. death inflicted by the last
text: bullet of the last battle.
text: They move on across the street, camera panning with them.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - PATTON AND BRADLEY (TRUCKING)
text: They walk down the sidewalk on the opposite side of the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: In our drive across Europe Third
dialog: Army liberated twelve thousand
dialog: cities and towns -- inflicted a
dialog: million and a half enemy casualties.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: I have a-feeling that from now on
dialog: just being a good soldier won't be
dialog: enough. I'm afraid we're going to
dialog: have to be dislomats and
dialog: administrators, too.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: (growling his
dialog: disgust)
dialog: God help us!
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 66
dialog: 154
dialog: 499 Cont.
dialog: 500
speaker_heading: 501
dialog: 502
text: They have come to Patton's parked jeep where his driver
text: is holding Willy. He hands the leash to Patton, who takes
dialog: the dog.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: George -- I just want to say one
dialog: thing -- you've done a magnificent
dialog: job here in Europe... I think that
dialog: soldier you slapped back in Sicily
dialog: did more to win the war than any
dialog: other private in the Army.
text: Overwhelmed by Bradley's generosity, Patton's face breaks
text: into @ big, sudden grin.
speaker_heading: PATTON
dialog: See you for dinner.
text: He turns away, leading Willy with him, and Bradley watches
dialog: him go.
speaker_heading: MED, LONG SHOT
text: as Patton moves down a short side street, beyond which
text: we can see open snow-covered countryside. An enormous
text: windmill turns slowly. In f.g., a group of GIs is busy
text: working, hauling supplies.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (9.8.)
dialog: For over a thousand years, Roman
dialog: conquerors returning from the wars
dialog: enjoyed the honor of a triumph, a
text: tumultuous parade.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SNOWY COUNTRYSIDE
text: As Patton and Willy walk together toward the ice-covered
text: windmill, stark against the snow. Its creaking sound
text: combined with the sound of the wind, produces a strange
dialog: effect.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: In the procession came trumpeters
dialog: and musicians and strange animals
dialog: from the conquered territories...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Patton's figure stands out against the otherwise absolutely
text: white snowscape. The windmill, with its eerie sound, is
text: still in frame.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 155
dialog: 502 Cont.
dialog: @
speaker_heading: — ( PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: o.s.
text: .., together with carts laden with
text: treasure and captured armaments.
scene_heading: 503 CLOSE SHOT - PATTON WALKING
speaker_heading: 504
speaker_heading: 505
dialog: 66
text: deep in thought, his eyes fixed on some middle-distance
dialog: of his own.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: {o.s.
text: The conqueror rode in a triumphal
text: chariot, the dazed prisoners walking
text: in chains before him.
scene_heading: EXTREMELY HIGH ANGLE
text: The distant figure of Patton, headed toward the creaking
text: windmill, is tiny against the vast expanse of snow.
speaker_heading: PATTON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s8.) .
dialog: Sometimes his children, robed in
text: white, stood with him in the chariot,
dialog: or rode the trace horses... A slave
text: stood behind the conqueror, holding
dialog: & golden crown and whispering in his
dialog: ear a warning that all glory is
dialog: fleeting...
text: The figure of Patton has disappeared -~- and there is only
text: the ice-covered windmill and the whiteness of the snow.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY'S VOICE
dialog: (o.8.)
dialog: Within a few weeks, George Patton
dialog: died of injuries received when his
text: staff car collided with a truck
text: near the German city of Mannheim.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
