speaker_heading: PAWN SACRIFICE
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Steven Knight
dialog: Story by
dialog: Stephen J Rivele & Christopher Wilkinson and Steven Knight
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
text: "Chess holds its master in its bonds, shackling the mind
dialog: such that the inner freedom of the very strongest must
scene_heading: suffer." - ALBERT EINSTEIN
scene_heading: EXT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE - ICELAND - DAWN
text: In the grey dawn, a formidable house in the Icelandic
text: wilderness. A single light burns in an upper window.
dialog: Caption: Reykjavik, Iceland 4:15am. July 20th, 1972
text: In the distance, a POLICE CAR approaches, lights flashing.
scene_heading: INT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE - ICELAND
text: CLOSE on a hand gripping the padded arm of an armchair. The
text: index finger of the hand is PICKING at a thread.
text: The HAND belongs to an intense young man with black hair
text: swept back. He sits motionless, peering at a chess game
text: which is a few moves old. The man is BOBBY FISCHER.
text: A SINGLE FLY begins to buzz against the window.
text: Bobby eyes the fly. The movement of his eyes is immense.
text: Murderous. The thread he has been picking at suddenly TEARS
text: with a THUNDEROUS RIPPING SOUND.
text: The fly is trying to get out the window.
scene_heading: BOBBY'S PERCEPTION
text: The BUZZING of the fly is a howling hurricane from hell.
text: BACK TO AN OBJECTIVE VIEW OF THE ROOM
dialog: Silence.
text: Bobby stalks the fly -- CRUSHING IT with a coffee cup.
text: He sits back down in a business-like way and stares at the
text: board again, his fingernail beginning to work another thread.
text: HEADLIGHTS sweep the room and we HEAR a car door SLAM.
text: Bobby's face betrays no reaction -- but his whole hand CLAWS
text: the arm of the chair like an animal in a trap.
text: At the SOUND of someone running upstairs, he glances from
text: the chessboard to the door, as a knock comes on the door:
speaker_heading: A7
speaker_heading: B7
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 2.
scene_heading: BOBBY'S PERCEPTION 5
text: Someone is POUNDING on the door -- it SOUNDS like the Gestapo
text: in an old war movie.
scene_heading: BACK TO AN OBJECTIVE VIEW 6
text: The knock on the door is polite.
text: Bobby grips the armchair, can't stand the noise that only he
text: can hear -- and he gets to his feet, UPENDING a lamp.
dialog: Another knock.
text: Bobby pinballs around like the fly trying to escape --
text: breaking shutters as he tries to close them, tripping over a
text: table. ANOTHER KNOCK, even louder.
text: Then, just as suddenly, his eyes FOCUS on the chess board.
text: A new light comes into his eyes as he stares at it -- and
text: his breathing begins to slow.
text: ALL SOUND BEGINS TO FADE A7
text: As he moves toward the board -- his fingers reaching out --
dialog: in ultra slo-mo -- to make...a...single...move.
text: BACK TO THE SCENE B7
text: Bobby closes his eyes. Content. He has solved the puzzle.
dialog: CAPTION: This is the true story of Bobby Fischer.
text: The door opens. A guy stands there -- mid-40's, pugnacious.
text: This is MARSHALL. He stares at the debris of the room. And
text: at Bobby, who appears perfectly calm.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: There was a fly. It's dead now.
text: A huge agenda between the two men. Marshall composes himself.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: (quoting)
dialog: "Never before in human history has
dialog: the outcome of an entire global war
text: of ideas rested on the shoulders of
dialog: one man."
text: The slightest smile begins to form on Bobby's lips.
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 3.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm quoting the President of the
dialog: United States. He was talking about
dialog: you. Tome. The President of the
dialog: United States talking to me. He
dialog: called three times. Three.
text: Marshall lifts the receiver, places a phone back on the hook.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: He's been trying to reach you.
text: Bobby refuses to be intimidated. If anything, his smile
text: widens. Marshall rights an upturned chair.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: In Moscow, Brezhnev opened his only
dialog: bottle of 1868 Louis Roederer. Left
dialog: over from the revolution. You know
dialog: why?
dialog: (hammering it home)
dialog: Because. He. Heard. You Quit.
text: Bobby walks to the window, looks out at the half-light.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: There are boys your age in Vietnam
dialog: giving their lives right now in the
dialog: fight against Communism. And all
dialog: you have to do is win a game of chess.
dialog: (plaintively)
dialog: ...Say something. Bobby, please...
dialog: Bobby?
text: Bobby doesn't answer. Instead, he stares out into the night,
dialog: and we HEAR another voice.
speaker_heading: JOAN (V.O.)
dialog: .. Bobby?
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: IN THE FISCHER APARTMENT - NIGHT - BROOKLYN
text: Bobby, age 8, stands looking out another window. It is 1952.
text: JOAN, Bobby's sister, 14, comes up beside him.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Bobby, it's bedtime.
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 4.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That man's out there.
text: Joan looks out. A SEDAN is parked under a streetlight. A
text: LIT MATCH briefly illuminates a MAN'S FACE as he lights a
text: cigarette. Is that a telephoto lens in his hand? She subtly
text: turns him away from the window.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Have you eaten anything? There's
dialog: actually food in the house. Go.
text: Bobby heads back into a party in full swing. The apartment
dialog: is packed with Boho's, Eastern European emigres, NY
text: intellectuals. A banner reads, "Brooklyn-Bed Sty American
text: Communist Party PARTY! Coltrane wails on the record player.
text: BOBBY IS INVISIBLE IN THIS ADULT WORLD
text: Adults LOOM above him, laughing. A MIXED COUPLE making out,
text: open-mouthed. A man smoking reefer smiles beatifically. He
text: pauses to scribble chess notations in his little notebook.
speaker_heading: PARTY GUEST #1
dialog: Half the witnesses they call are
dialog: Communists, the other half are Jews!
speaker_heading: PARTY GUEST #3
dialog: If you're both, do you testify twice?
speaker_heading: PARTY GUEST #1
dialog: You can make jokes, Mr. Liberal --
dialog: your entire family wasn't gassed in
dialog: the camps, alava'shalom.
text: Regina, meanwhile, is in the middle of of an intense
text: conversation with a BALDING MAN. They WHISPER harshly.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: We agreed he wouldn't know who you
dialog: are--!
speaker_heading: BALDING MAN
dialog: Fine. But that doesn't mean----
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 5.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: --So I don't see the point!
speaker_heading: BALDING MAN
dialog: The point is--- Christ, just let me
dialog: talk to him, then I'll go...
text: IN THE DIRTY KITCHEN
text: Bobby is making a sandwich. The BALDING MAN approaches.
speaker_heading: BALDING MAN
dialog: Howdy doody, Bobby...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hullo.
speaker_heading: BALDING MAN
dialog: Remember me...?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Sort of.
speaker_heading: BALDING MAN
dialog: I'm your Uncle Paul. From Denver.
dialog: How's school?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: BALDING MAN
dialog: Studying hard?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: BALDING MAN
dialog: Ever heard of Physics?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BALDING MAN
dialog: But you're good in Math?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I guess.
text: The man stares at him -- there's something pregnant and
text: unspoken in his regard -- but also somehow thwarted.
speaker_heading: BALDING MAN
dialog: I hear you like chess.
dialog: 10
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 6.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah.
text: He looks around, takes a five dollar bill from his pocket.
speaker_heading: BALDING MAN
dialog: Here. Buy a new set. Just don't
dialog: tell your mother where it came from...
text: Bobby's eyes widen as he stares at the bill. The man reaches
text: out to HUG him, but Bobby shrinks away. Uncle Paul frowns,
text: settles for patting Bobby on the head and then walks away.
scene_heading: IN THE LIVING ROOM 10
text: A heated discussion of Zionism, the Rosenbergs. Bobby wanders
text: past, looks out the window. The DARK SEDAN is still there.
text: Regina is nearby, deep in conversation -- IN RUSSIAN.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Mama-—
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Not now, honey.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I have to talk to you.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Honey, it's past your bedtime.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That car's down there again.
text: Regina's antennae go up.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: What car?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You told me to tell you... A red,
text: 1951 Chevy, NY license plate HI62579.
text: Regina apologizes to her friend in Russian, kneels down.
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 7.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Honey, it's okay--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: But you told me--
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Bobby, you remember what I said about
dialog: not letting them intimidate us?
dialog: Yes, they watch us -- because we
dialog: represent something very threatening
dialog: to them, to the status quo. You
dialog: remember what that is?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (by rote)
dialog: Revolution.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Yes! And sometimes these bad people
dialog: want to know about our work so they
dialog: spy on us. So if someone comes up to
dialog: you on the street and asks you
dialog: questions about me, or Mommy's
dialog: friends, what do you say?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (by rote)
dialog: I_have nothing to say to you.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: That's my big boy.
dialog: (to Joan)
text: Joanie, he's got mustard on his shirt.
dialog: He has to wear that to school
dialog: tomorrow. Soak it for me?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Love to.
text: She takes Bobby's hand and leads him away.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Bedtime for Bonzo.
text: She tickles as she leads him toward the bedroom
dialog: 11
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S BEDROOM - LATER
text: Bobby lies in bed, wide awake. We HEAR the noise of the
text: party outside -- loud conversation, boisterous laughter.
dialog: 7A.
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 8.
text: Bobby stares at the window -- is the man still out there?
text: We feel his anxiety building as he LISTENS INTENTLY to the
text: sound of the shade SLAPPING against the window sill.
text: Suddenly, he sits up, opens a drawer. He works fast -- like
text: someone breaking the rules -- lights a candle -- rolls the
text: wax into balls and stuffs them into his ears.
text: The laughter outside is muted.
text: Bobby stuffs a ball into his other ear. With both ears
text: blocked -- a sudden and wonderful silence!
text: Bobby carries the candle to a CHESSBOARD. In absolute silence
text: he stares at the chessboard. In his hand is the NOTEBOOK.
text: CLOSE on Bobby's face, candlelit, a study in intensity.
text: As Bobby stares at the chessboard, everything else in the
text: room literally begins to disappear. The bed, the crummy
text: dresser -- until all that is left is a boy and a chessboard.
speaker_heading: THE CHESSBOARD 12
text: Pieces move on their own. Multiple exposures. A move yields
text: hundreds of options. The counter offers thousands more.
text: CLOSE on Bobby's face. Ethereal Music. Bliss. Then...
text: THE DOOR TO HIS BEDROOM IS FLUNG OPEN 13
text: Light floods in. Harsh SOUNDS. The spell is broken. The
text: two open-mouthed kissers are looking for a place to fuck.
speaker_heading: KISSING MAN
dialog: Whoopsee-daisy...
dialog: (sees Bobby)
dialog: Sorry, kiddo.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Get out of my room. GET OUT!
text: Regina appears behind them.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Bobby! Those are our guests!
dialog: (sees his chessboard)
dialog: Jesus, enough already with the chess!
text: She reaches for the board. Pieces fall, ruining the game.
speaker_heading: REGINA (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Joan--!
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 9.
text: Joan appears.
speaker_heading: REGINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Put him to bed, will ya?
text: As Regina returns to the party. Joan kneels to pick up the
text: fallen pieces. Bobby looks up at her.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Please...?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Okay. One game.
text: She sits beside him on the bed and sets up the board.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN JEWISH HOSPITAL - WAITING ROOM - DAY 14
text: Bobby, Joan and Regina sit in a waiting room. Regina smooths
text: Bobby's hair.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Now Bobby, don't suddenly start acting
dialog: normal and make me look ridiculous...
scene_heading: INT. DR. MENGARINI'S OFFICE - LATER 15
text: On DOCTOR MENGARINI's desk is a LARGE WOODEN CHESS SET.
text: Across the desk we find Bobby. The game is fifteen moves
text: old. Smoke from Megarini's pipe wafts among the chess pieces.
speaker_heading: MENGARINI
dialog: So Bobby, you go to the movies?
dialog: (Bobby nods without
dialog: looking up)
dialog: You like Westerns? Bang, bang?
text: Bobby nods again. Mengarini glances at Regina.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Bobby, have you ever been to the
dialog: Moon on the subway?
text: Bobby nods and moves a piece. He's in a kind of trance.
speaker_heading: REGINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Once I poured a glass of water over
dialog: his head...
text: Mengarini studies Bobby as Bobby studies the board.
speaker_heading: REGINA (CONT'D)
dialog: If I take the pieces away he just
text: plays in his head. Day and night.
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13
text: Mengarini moves his knight. Bobby counters.
speaker_heading: MENGARINI
dialog: What do you dream about, Bobby?
text: Silence. Regina shrugs. Mengarini takes Bobby's rook.
dialog: 9A.
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 10.
speaker_heading: MENGARINI (CONT'D)
dialog: You like Parchesi? Monopoly?
dialog: (to Joan)
dialog: Does he play other games with you?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: He says chess is the only game that
dialog: doesn't need luck.
text: Mengarini has barely finished moving when Bobby makes a move.
text: This startles Mengarini, who frowns at the new positions.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
text: And he cries when he loses.
text: Bobby glares at her briefly then returns his focus to the
text: game. Mengarini squints at the board, then makes his move.
speaker_heading: MENGARINI
dialog: I play chess at quite a high level.
dialog: His game is pretty good. Not
dialog: exceptional, though.
dialog: (magnanimous1ly)
dialog: A draw?
text: Bobby isn't listening. He's in the zone. He initiates an
text: exchange: his Queen takes Mengarini's Bishop.
text: Mengarini grunts, makes another move. Then Bobby pounces.
text: Mengarini tries to escape but the trap has been sprung.
text: After several moves it's clear he's doomed.
text: Mengarini is astonished. Bobby looks up at him -- something
text: new and...well...murderous in his expression.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: He hates draws.
speaker_heading: MENGARINI
dialog: Where the hell did that come from?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: So now you see.
text: Mengarini is still staring at the board in disbelief.
speaker_heading: MENGARINI
dialog: Who taught him to play like this?
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 11.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I bought him the set. Last year.
speaker_heading: MENGARINI
dialog: Which club does his belong to?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: He doesn't belong to any club. He
dialog: taught himself.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I need to pee.
text: Joan takes Bobby's hand and leads him out the door.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: So, Doctor. What do you think?
speaker_heading: MENGARINI
dialog: Mrs. Fischer, there are worse things
dialog: than playing chess. Believe me.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: He wants there to be nothing else.
text: Mengarini is now writing on a pad.
speaker_heading: MENGARINI
dialog: I think he should see a professional.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: I thought you were a professional.
text: He hands her the note. "Carmine Nigro, Brooklyn Chess Club."
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN CHESS CLUB, MARSHALL STREET - AFTERNOONT 16
text: Joan and Bobby walk down a Brooklyn street, arriving at a
text: shabby storefront where A Hispanic MAN, 30's, is waiting.
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: You must be the Fischers. I'm Carmine
dialog: Nigro.
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: I'm betting you're the chess player.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Bobby, say hello.
text: Bobby mumbles hello. Carmine unlocks the door.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN CHESS CLUB 17
text: As Carmine turns on the lights, we WATCH Bobby's face as the
text: room is revealed -- twenty tables, all with boards set up.
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 12.
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: Our church. All colors and creeds
dialog: welcome.
text: Bobby walks in as if entering a holy place. The door behind
text: them bursts opens and Regina bustles in.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Sorry sorry the E train was a
dialog: nightmare -- you must be Camine Nigro
dialog: I'm Regina Fischer. So....?
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: Doctor Mengarini says he's good.
dialog: But most young people don't have the
dialog: concentration to play at this level
dialog: so please don't build up your hopes.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: My 'hopes' are he will give up on
dialog: the damn game if someone beats him.
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: Okay, let's see what we got here...
text: He grabs two chess pieces, one black and one white, holds
text: them behind his back and turns to Bobby.
speaker_heading: CARMINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Choose.
text: TIME CUT: As the game begins, Carmine seems confident. Bobby
text: makes a move that draws him up short.
text: TIME CUT: Bobby's moves grow bolder, Carmine's body language
text: is changing. The fight is on.
text: TIME CUT: Carmine has to use all his wiles. Eventually,
text: though, he begins to win, and soon he has Bobby trapped.
text: Bobby stares at the board, his face reddening. He has lost.
text: He HATES to lose. He pushes his chair back and walks away,
text: fighting back tears. Carmine turns to Regina.
speaker_heading: CARMINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I am officially the twenty-
dialog: fifth best chess player in New York
dialog: City. But he has great potential.
text: Suddenly, a piece is SLAPPED back on the board. Bobby has
text: returned and starts replacing pieces.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Again.
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 12A-12B.
text: We can't help but see the ferocity in his eyes.
scene_heading: Al18 TIME CUT - THE BROOKLYN CHESS CLUB A18*
text: A spectator pushes his way through a crowd gathered around *
dialog: the young phenom. *
text: 18 50'S ROCK AND ROLL KICKS IN 18
text: As _ we follow Bobby's rise to fame. In THE BROOKLYN CHESS
text: CLUB, a small crowd watches him play. At a tournament --
text: Carmine by his side -- he defeats ONE OPPONENT AFTER ANOTHER.
text: Regina watches intently.
text: We see Bobby studying chess as he makes a sandwich, studying
text: as he walks down the street, asleep with his head on a board.
text: In the gym, We FOCUS on his hands as he moves his pieces in
text: what we will come to know as his signature SLAPPING gesture.
text: INTERCUT multiple exposures of Bobby's HANDS with NEWSREEL
text: FOOTAGE of the next five years: the Rosenbergs are executed;
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 13.
dialog: Playboy bunnies are introduced; revolution in Hungary; hoola
text: hoops, missile launches, A-bomb tests, duck-and-cover.
text: The images SPEED UP and PROLIFERATE, Bobby's hands becoming
text: a BLUR as the soundtrack BUILDS -- until, when we return to
text: normal speed, the CAMERA PANS UP FROM THE HANDS TO REVEAL:
speaker_heading: 19 OMIT 19
scene_heading: 20 BOBBY - NOW AGE 13 - ONSTAGE AT AN AUDITORIUM 20
text: He's playing against a man in his 20's.
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: ..-Bobby Fischer played American
dialog: Master Donald Byrne today and beat
dialog: him in what is already being described
dialog: as the Game of the Century.
scene_heading: A21 IMAGES OF BOBBY - DOC STYLE (50'S ROCK AND ROLL CONT.) A21
text: shaking hands with opponents, being handed a big gold medal.
speaker_heading: 50'S REPORTER
dialog: So Bobby, congratulations. What's
dialog: next for you?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I don't know, my game's getting pretty
dialog: strong...
text: Bobby blinks into the camera, hoists his medal.
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL ANNOUNCER #2 (V.O.)
dialog: With the longest string of victories
dialog: in the history of the competition,
dialog: Bobby Fischer today became the
dialog: youngest ever United States Chess
dialog: Champion--
speaker_heading: B21 OMIT B21
speaker_heading: 21 OMIT 21
scene_heading: 22 EXT. BROOKLYN STREET - DAY 22
text: Bobby wears a sharp suit, a strut in his stride. He carries
text: a large paper bag and a trophy. A KID yells as he passes.
speaker_heading: BROOKLYN KID
dialog: Hey, Jewboy, way to go!
text: The other kids laugh but Bobby is oblivious, he's clearly
text: playing chess in his head.
dialog: 23
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 14.
scene_heading: INT. THE FISCHER APARTMENT 23
text: Bobby has taken a roll of aluminum foil from the paper bag
text: and is covering a window. The trophy has been thrown
text: haphazardly on a sofa. The TV is on:
speaker_heading: ERIC SEVEREID (on TV)
dialog: .-Today, the Soviet Union announced
dialog: it has successfully launched the
dialog: first satellite to reach outer space.
dialog: Its name is Sputnik.
text: He doesn't hear Joan as she enters carrying groceries.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You live under a rock? The Russians
dialog: are gonna shoot missiles at us from
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: And you think aluminum foil will
dialog: keep out radiation?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey, I'm not the one planning to fry
dialog: the world. You're gonna have a kid.
dialog: You should think about digging a
dialog: shelter.
text: Joan sees the trophy, lying on the kitchen table.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Congratulations. Wish you'd let us
dialog: come...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Mom? Can't concentrate when she's
dialog: there.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Where is she, anyway--?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Ban-the-bomb march in Union Square.
text: Bobby is distracted by a chess game-in-progress. Makes a
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Be a hoot if she got blown up by a
text: Commie nuke while marching against
dialog: America.
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 15.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: She's not marching against America.
text: She's marching for peace.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah? Chaining herself to the White
dialog: House...
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: It's just... Mom.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (suddenly distracted)
dialog: --What day is it?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Friday.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: No. The date. THE DATE!
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: The 26th.
text: Without a word, Bobby is heading out.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Where you going?
dialog: Too late. He's outta there.
scene_heading: INT. 'FOUR CONTINENTS' RUSSIAN BOOK STORE - DUSK 24
text: A slice of Moscow in New York. A samovar. Everyone smoking,
text: Russian spoken in hushed whispers. The middle-aged BOOKSTORE
text: CLERK knows Bobby when he enters.
speaker_heading: BOOKSTORE OWNER
dialog: It just came in.
text: He points to the magazine rack. Bobby reverently picks up
text: the latest Shakmanty Bulletin and dives in -- his eyes
text: MEMORIZING each diagram at a glance -- his photographic memory
text: like a motor-driven CAMERA. Cachunk. Cachunk. Cachunk.
text: FROM OUTSIDE THE STORE
text: A different POV. The store is under FBI Surveillance. Click.
scene_heading: INT. THE FISCHER APARTMENT - LATER THAT NIGHT 25
text: Bobby lets himself in. He sees Regina's shoes just inside
text: the door and A PAIR OF SIZE 12 SHOES beside them. Frowns.
dialog: 26
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 15A.
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER 26
text: The room is little changed -- except for dozens of TROPHIES
text: strewn haphazardly, and stacks upon stacks of chess magazines.
text: Bobby opens to a page -- and there we SEE the handsome face
dialog: of Boris Spassky -- the Soviet Grandmaster.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 16.
text: Bobby studies a DIAGRAM of Spassky's latest game. He places
text: his pieces. Working fast. Slap. Slap. He's in the zone.
text: Then...from the bedroom, the SOUNDS of a man and woman having
text: sex. Bobby puts his fingers in his ears, closes his eyes.
scene_heading: INSIDE BOBBY'S HEAD 27
text: The columns of numbers are jumbled, faded. A SOUND intrudes.
text: BACK IN THE ROOM 28
text: Bobby HEARS a toilet flush. The SOUND of laughter. A bed
text: creaking. It's all too much. Bobby LEAPS to his feet.
scene_heading: IN THE LIVING ROOM 29
text: Bobby finds Regina in her robe.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: You're back! And you won!
dialog: Congratulations!
text: Bobby walks to the Size 12 shoes and picks them up.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Every night I hear you two fuck.
dialog: Fuck fuck fuck. Bang! Bang! Bang!
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Bobby, put those down.
text: A big man -- CYRIL -- appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CYRIL
dialog: Bobby--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I got nothing to say to you. You
dialog: live in my house but you're not my
dialog: father, okay?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Bobby--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Where's my real father?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I was born, right? What'd you do
dialog: with him? Is he on earth? Does he
dialog: exist?
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 17.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Honey, it was a long time ago...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: And you can't remember? Where is he?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Gone.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Gone where?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: It doesn't matter--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That's nice. My real father doesn't
dialog: matter but Mr. Bigfoot, he matters..!
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Bobby--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Gone where? When? Who? WHY?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Baby, it's late...
text: Bobby holds the man-size shoes out the open kitchen window.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Now.
text: Regina deflates. Holds her head. Sighs. Sighs again.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: .+-Paul died two years ago. I think
dialog: you knew that.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Paul? Paul who? ..... UNCLE Paul--?
text: Regina can barely meet his gaze. Yes. Uncle Paul.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: HE was my father? And you never
dialog: told me? And now he's DEAD?!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 30
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 18.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: (starts pacing)
dialog: ...-GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE. I WANT
dialog: YOU TO LEAVE! I WANT YOU AND MR.
text: BIGFOOT...TO LEAVE!
text: He FLINGS the shoes out into the street.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Go back to Moscow with your Commie
dialog: friends. I am in training. I am
dialog: studying day and night to be world
dialog: champion, do you understand? The
dialog: youngest world champion...ever! I
dialog: NEED SILENCE AROUND HERE! Do you
dialog: understand! I. WANT..... SILENCE!!!
text: He storms out.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK - DAYS LATER 30
text: Joan makes her way through the misfits, poets and drifters
text: playing chess in the open air. She finds Bobby asleep at
text: the chess tables. His suit is wrinkled and filthy.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Carmine said you're staying at the
dialog: chess club.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Quiet there.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: What about high school?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Ha. Is she still there?
text: She sits beside him.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: She fixed up the apartment. Even
dialog: got the hot water heater working.
text: Bobby looks at her, sensing an agenda.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: She won't be living there anymore.
dialog: (holds up the key)
dialog: She's going to do politics in
dialog: California with Cyril.
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 19.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You mean King Kong.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: She thought if they went away you'd
text: go home and sleep in a bed.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That's what she told you? And you
dialog: bought it?
dialog: (stands up)
dialog: She's running away with some nut-
dialog: case-Big Foot-communist and, oh you
dialog: know what? It's for Bobby's benefit!
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: You said you wanted quiet.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: You won, Bobby. Be happy.
scene_heading: 31 AN INTERVIEW 31
text: Hand-held, grainy black-and-white.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER (0.S.)
dialog: Bobby Fischer Interview. Take One.
dialog: (hits the slate)
dialog: So, Bobby, how long before you get a
dialog: shot at the title?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: The Federation makes it very difficult
dialog: to advance in the rankings. Gonna
dialog: take a few years. But when that day
dialog: comes I'll be ready...!
text: His grin -- when it happens -- is like the sun suddenly
text: breaking through the clouds. 60's MUSIC KICKS IN.
speaker_heading: A32
speaker_heading: B32
speaker_heading: C32
speaker_heading: D32
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 20.
scene_heading: IN A CAVERNOUS HALL (60'S ROCK MUSIC CONT.) DOC-STYLE A32
text: Bobby defeats several opponents. He poses among other East
text: European grandmasters. Carmine is nearby, beaming.
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL ANNOUNCER #3 (V.O.)
dialog: (in Yugoslav; subtitled)
dialog: In Portoroz, Yugoslavia, American
dialog: chess prodigy Bobby Fischer became
dialog: the youngest ever Grandmaster in the
dialog: history of the game...
text: Bobby has a large gold medal around his neck. An American
text: news reporter puts a large microphone in his face.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (0.S.)
dialog: How do you explain your success?
text: Bobby looks at him for a moment, then simply, without guile:
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'm better than everybody else.
speaker_heading: IN A CHESS CLUB B32*
text: Bobby plays TWENTY OPPONENTS at once -- their chessboards
text: surrounding him in a circle. Carmine hovers nearby.
scene_heading: NEWSREEL ANNOUNCER #2
dialog: With each passing year he rises in
dialog: the International ranking. Maybe
dialog: someday America can finally claim a
dialog: champion of its own.
text: As he moves from one to another, we INTERCUT MORE ARCHIVAL
text: FOOTAGE: JFK'S funeral. The Beatles. The Berlin Wall.
text: Vietnam. LBJ. Cassius Clay.
text: The CAMERA spins with him as he plays -- faster and faster --
text: until, as Bobby passes from our view, obscured behind one
text: player, he EMERGES on the other side as the mature 24 year-
dialog: old we saw in the opening scene.
scene_heading: EXT. BULGARIA TOURNAMENT HALL (TO ESTABLISH) C32 *
dialog: Caption: Olympiad of Varna, Bulgaria'62
scene_heading: INT. BULGARIA HALL HALLWAY D32*
text: Bobby and Carmine walking. Bobby is psyching himself up.
dialog: 32
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 20A.
speaker_heading: CARMINE *
dialog: Okay, Ivanovich relies on the Indian
dialog: defense--
dialog: * *
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: He stopped using it in Portorosz.
dialog: And Petrossian is no longer defensive
dialog: out of the Nimzo. His mother died
dialog: last month and he's become more
dialog: cautious.
speaker_heading: He FH HK
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: How do you know this stuff?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: The magazines, man. They don't know
dialog: I read Russian. All I gotta do is
dialog: outscore them by two points. That
dialog: way they gotta give me shot at the
dialog: championship.
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: Good. Good. How about we think
dialog: about the first one first...
scene_heading: INT. BULGARIA TOURNAMENT HALL 32 *
text: The enforced stillness of a chess tournament. Bobby defeats
text: one opponent after another. He looks invincible. His focus
dialog: is absolute.
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 21.
text: Nearby, two RUSSIAN PLAYERS have finished their game --
text: they're shaking hands. A draw.
text: Bobby looks over, studying their board. Suddenly he stands
text: up from his game and approaches an ARBITER.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Excuse me. Over there -- the Russians --
text: TBD has an opening on Petrosian,
dialog: instead he draws in fourteen moves?
speaker_heading: ARBITER
dialog: If you'll take your seat please, Mr.
dialog: Fischer.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Are you blind? They're playing each
dialog: other soft to save their strength
dialog: and then padding their point totals
dialog: so I can't win -- YOU SHOULD BE
dialog: WATCHING THIS!
text: HEADS TURN as he voice rises. Carmine comes over.
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: Bobby, sit down, you don't want to
dialog: be disqualified.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You see what they're up to? No matter
dialog: how many points I get, they're getting
dialog: more. This is such bullshit...
text: Then, into the hall, walks Boris Spassky! Bobby can't help
text: but stare as Spassky sits at a nearby table.
text: Bobby tries to return to his game, but he's upset now. He
text: furtively steals glances at the handsome Grandmaster.
text: Suddenly, everything is distracting to him.
text: A chair SCRAPING.
text: A light buzzes.
text: A Russian advisor WHISPERING to another advisor.
text: Bobby looks up at the TOURNAMENT BOARD. _He scheduled to
dialog: play Spassky next.
text: Bobby crackles with anxiety -- looking over at Spassky --
text: while his opponent ploddingly contemplates his next move.
text: Finally, unable to stand it:
dialog: 33
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 21A.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: ..-Knight to Kings Pawn Six, Bishop
text: to Bk4, King to e-5, Queen to Qp2.
dialog: King to Nb6, Queen to Bd3. Mate.
text: His opponent realizes he is indeed doomed.
scene_heading: DOC-STYLE: A DOOR WITH A SIGN: "SILENCE, MATCH IN PROGRESS" 33
text: The door opens and Bobby storms out. A cameraman films him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: They're conspiring against me. They
dialog: want to destroy me because they know
dialog: I'm better than they are.
text: Bobby is followed by officials and journalists.
text: takes his arm.
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: Bobby...
text: Bobby yanks his arm free...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: The Russians are cheating! There,
dialog: I've said it! Nobody else will!
text: Bobby grabs a guy with Soviet accreditation.
dialog: Carmine
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 22.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You want that in Russian? Niet pycni
dialog: osmahbi.
text: An OFFICIAL takes Bobby's arm...
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Mr Fischer, if we could go back inside
dialog: and talk about this...
text: Bobby pushes the official -- who falls into a signboard.
text: Bobby tries to help the man to his feet.
text: Silence. Then Bobby grabs a chair, stands on it.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Okay, I want to make a statement...
dialog: First I'd like to apologize for
dialog: pushing that guy. ...You're okay?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Something to tell my grandchildren.
text: As Bobby continues we hear WHISPERED TRANSLATIONS.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I came here to take part in this
dialog: tournament, which is my right as
dialog: American champion. But it is obvious
dialog: this whole thing has been fixed by
dialog: the Russkies.
text: Carmine rolls his eyes. Murmurs around the audience.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: They arrange draws so they can save
dialog: their strength for the late rounds.
dialog: But the corrupt Federation does
dialog: nothing to stop it. I've been waiting
dialog: ten years to get a shot at the
dialog: championship...and I'm sick of it.
dialog: (working himself up)
dialog: As a result, I am -- as of right now --
dialog: now-this-second, quitting.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: Oh, man...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I won't play against fuckin' Commie
dialog: cheaters who hate me and hate America.
text: Bobby sees a radio microphone poking out from the crowd.
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 23.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry about 'fucks' in there... but
dialog: anyway....screw you all. In fact
dialog: I'm retiring from chess forever.
text: Bobby kicks over the chair as he gets down and walks away.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. PEOPLE'S HALL - CONTINUOUS 34
text: Carmine tries to keep up with Bobby as he marches away.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'm the best in the world and they
dialog: know it and they stole it from me!
dialog: The whole system is rigged...
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: Bobby... Bobby, wait--
dialog: (catches up to him)
dialog: ...It's okay to be nervous about
text: playing him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: Spassky. You saw he was next and
dialog: you quit.
text: Spassky is exiting with his handlers, looking cool, confident.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You're fulla shit. It has nothing to
dialog: do with Spassky! It's statistically
dialog: impossible for me to win now.
speaker_heading: CARMINE
dialog: First rule of chess. Always someone
dialog: better than you.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Better than you, maybe.
text: He strides away, leaving Carmine behind.
scene_heading: 35 INT. THE FISCHER APARTMENT - WEEKS LATER 35
text: The kitchen is a disaster. Old take-out containers and dirty
text: coffee cups. Chess boards, each with a game-in-progress.
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 24.%*
text: Bobby is asleep, his head on a chessboard. It looks like he
text: lives in his bathrobe. A key in the doorway. Joan enters;
text: with her is her seven-year-old GIRL. Bobby wakes up.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Hey, Baby boy...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Didn't know you had a key.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (to her daughter)
dialog: Say hello to your Uncle.
text: The girl shyly mumbles a hello.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You like chess, Lizzie? This is the
dialog: rook. See the castle on top, like
dialog: in a fairy story, right? It moves
dialog: like this. And this is the knight,
dialog: you like horses...?
text: Meanwhile Joan is subtly cleaning up.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: So...what've you been up to?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: The usual.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Getting out much?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Too busy.
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: --Here, you try it.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: .+-Doing what?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Working on my game! I've developed
dialog: files this thick on Tal, on
dialog: Petrossian, on Fila... I'm working
dialog: fourteen hours a day.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: So you didn't quit.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (a bit overheated)
dialog: I'll play when the Russians stop
dialog: fixing the Candidates tournament!
dialog: *
dialog: ee ee
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 24a.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I know, baby. I know...
text: She produces a comb and begins to comb his hair. He closes
text: his eyes to a tenderness he rarely gives in to.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: So I bumped into an old friend from
dialog: school... She saw your picture in
dialog: the New York Times magazine.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I was in the New York Times?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: The piece about you punching a guy.
dialog: From the picture, she thinks you're
dialog: a looker.
dialog: (smooths Bobby's hair)
dialog: I don't see it, you know? But the
dialog: point is...you have a date.
dialog: 25.
text: Bobby opens his eyes. Joan smiles.
scene_heading: 36 INT. BROOKLYN DINER - NIGHT 36
text: Sixties rock-and-roll on the juke box. A sweet-faced young
text: girl, MARIA, is waiting. She looks nervous as Bobby enters.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Maria?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Bobby?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: My sister told me not to scare you.
text: He smiles. Sits.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Boo. Are you a virgin too?
text: Maria almost chokes on her coffee.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't much care, you know? I don't
dialog: know why there's even a word for it.
dialog: There's no word for people who've
dialog: never flown in a plane or...
text: Maria looks a little thrown...
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you ever make up words for things
dialog: there's no word for?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I...no, I really don't.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Am I scaring you by the way?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: No... A little.
text: Maria is beginning to get up to speed with Bobby's craziness.
text: She's unnerved but drawn to his eyes.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm Italian.
text: Bobby doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Joan said you've been to Rome to
dialog: play chess.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (vapid fire)
dialog: It has two hundred and thirty five
dialog: statues of people who look like
text: they're still in bed.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Did you count them?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Are you interested in politics?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I'm a Republican actually.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Right there, that's why you're a
dialog: virgin. Republicans only have sex
dialog: to have babies. Democrats have sex
dialog: because they can't help themselves.
text: Maria laughs again. Bobby is puzzled by her laughter. He re-
text: arranges the sugar cubes with his long fingers...
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Are you going to eat something?
text: Bobby puts a sugar cube into his mouth. Peers at her.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Do you play chess?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Good.
text: Maria takes a breath, decides to be bold.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Joan said you've quit traveling all
dialog: over to tournaments and maybe you'd
dialog: like to start doing regular things.
dialog: Maria thinks maybe she is one of the regular things he might
text: do. He smiles then peers at Maria's face. After a moment...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Beautiful.
text: He stares at her face. Maria reacts...blushing a little.
text: Then...still staring at her face...he speaks fast and even...
dialog: 37
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 27.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Capablanca versus Emanuel Lasker,
dialog: Havana, 1921, endgame. The White
dialog: King was here...
text: Bobby touches the tip of Maria's nose...
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Black King here.
text: He touches her chin. As Bobby names different chess pieces
text: he gently touches her eyes, her cheeks, her ears, placing
text: each piece as if Maria's face were a chessboard...
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: White Knight, black pawn, white rook,
dialog: black Bishop to your chin--
text: Maria has closed her eyes, his touch is gentle.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: --your ear to your nose and taking
text: out an eye for a cheek bone. Move
dialog: this here. This here...
text: A pause. Bobby stares at her face and looks troubled...
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
text: Beautiful like a Picasso.
text: Maria opens her eyes -- overwhelmed by his gentle physicality.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You believe in love.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Uh...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That's what I thought.
dialog: (stands; sighs)
dialog: Sorry, Joan.
text: He grabs his coat and leaves. She sits there, forlorn.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: It's Maria.
scene_heading: EXT. 'FOUR CONTINENTS' RUSSIAN BOOK STORE - LATER THAT NIGHT 37
text: A hunched Bobby walks fast along the busy Brooklyn sidewalk
text: and ducks into the store, like someone entering a Porn shop.
text: More SURVEILLANCE SHOTS of him from across the street.
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 28.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN, 'FOUR CONTINENTS' RUSSIAN BOOK STORE - NIGHT 38
text: Bobby enters, looking wired. The Bookstore Owner speaks
text: softly in Russian...
speaker_heading: BOOKSTORE OWNER
dialog: Good evening 'Bobby Grandmaster'.
dialog: You couldn't sleep?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Would you please speak to me in
dialog: American?
speaker_heading: BOOKSTORE OWNER
dialog: So why have you gone to the trouble
dialog: of learning our language?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Okay. Fine. Is it here yet?
speaker_heading: BOOKSTORE OWNER
dialog: (back to English)
dialog: Let me see... It is the TBD you buy,
dialog: yes? Published by the Moscow Chess
dialog: Federation.
text: The Owner's WIFE drifts by behind the counter.
speaker_heading: OWNER'S WIFE
dialog: Ah. The American boy who hates us
dialog: but can't resist our magazines.
speaker_heading: BOOKSTORE OWNER
text: The October edition is just in.
text: Bobby finds the magazine in the rack.
speaker_heading: BOOKSTORE OWNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Page six.
dialog: (twisting the knife)
text: He is becoming the new Messiah.
text: A photo of SPASSKY. The caption reads: 'World Champion Boris
text: Spassky wins tenth Blitz tournament.' Once again, Bobby's
text: steel-trap of a mind memorizes each move at lighting speed.
speaker_heading: BOOKSTORE OWNER (CONT'D)
dialog: They say he won't ever lose a match.
text: Bobby pays him. The owner hands him a card.
speaker_heading: BOOKSTORE OWNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Someone left this for you. A lawyer.
dialog: You are in trouble, maybe?
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 28A.
scene_heading: A39 INT. FBI OFFICE - DAY A39
text: An anonymous FIGURE sits behind a desk as a sheaf of
text: SURVEILLANCE PHOTOS are shown to him. We SEE Bobby entering
dialog: the Russian bookstore.
dialog: 39
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 29.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK~ 39
text: Patchy snow. Empty apart from Bobby, who sits before an
text: empty chessboard playing a game with invisible pieces.
text: A GUY in an overcoat approaches. It is MARSHALL.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You want a game?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: What? You think I'm stupid?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You know who I am.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Yeah, I know who you are. Been trying
dialog: to reach you.
dialog: (hands him a card)
dialog: You don't answer your phone.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You're the lawyer. What'd I do...?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Nothing. You did nothing. You do
dialog: nothing. That's why I'm here.
text: Marshall hands him an article torn from Sports Illustrated:
dialog: ‘The Russians Have Fixed World Chess, 'By Bobby Fischer.'
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: You were angry.
dialog: ee ee
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 30.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That was years ago.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Are you still angry?
text: Bobby rocks back and forth a little.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, are you political, Bobby?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: Like a rock. Like a baseball bat.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: You told the truth about the Russians.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Sometimes the truth is a hand grenade.
dialog: (almost coy)
dialog: I just made that up by the way.
text: Marshall produces a chess magazine, drops it on the table.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: There's been an announcement.
dialog: (reads)
dialog: ‘Soviet invasion to hit California
dialog: Surf. Greatest chess player who
dialog: ever lived to visit U.S.'.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah. They're coming to California
text: to play in The Piatigorsky.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: They say it's just a game, for fun,
dialog: hand of friendship, all that crap.
dialog: But you know the truth... They're
dialog: using chess to say 'screw America’.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah, well, America is soft.
dialog: (re the empty tables)
dialog: A little bit of weather and I'm all
dialog: alone here.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: The Russians laugh at us.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: They know there's not one single
dialog: American can beat a single Russian.
dialog: Their chess mastery proves to the
dialog: world Soviet intellectual superiority
text: over the decadent West.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Seriously man, who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I'm just a fan. I love creative
dialog: people. I also love my country. I
dialog: also love to make money.
dialog: (leans in)
dialog: I want to represent you. Exhibitions.
dialog: Endorsements. Serious money.
dialog: Otherwise I wouldn't be out here
dialog: freezing my ass off.
text: Bobby laughs in a cloud of breath.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: You're the one man in this country
dialog: who can put up a fight, maybe even
dialog: beat them. And I want a front row
dialog: seat when the good guys win.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You don't know if I can still play.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I talk to people. The cafe on Clinton
dialog: Street. The bookstore... You hate
dialog: to lose, Bobby. If you weren't
dialog: beating the magazines you wouldn't
dialog: keep buying them.
text: Bobby studies Marshall, who turns to a picture of
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Carmine thinks you're afraid of him.
dialog: Yeah, he's going to have some fun
dialog: over here...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey, screw him. Screw Boris Spassky.
text: He taps his temple with his long finger.
dialog: 31-31A.*
dialog: Spassky.
dialog: ee ee
dialog: *
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
text: I have moves in my brain like bullets.
dialog: I ran all his games and I know how
dialog: he thinks.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Yeah. Bang-bang. Patzers in
dialog: Washington Square. So what?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: He has a life. He has a wife.
dialog: (brushes away dead
dialog: leaves from the board)
dialog: All I have is this. That's why I
text: can beat him.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: If you don't play, you don't win.
dialog: Buif you win, you make history.
text: Bobby looks at him, a wicked smile spreading across his face.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: When I win.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB, SMOKING ROOM - DAY
text: The Manhattan Club is nicer than its Brooklyn equivalent.
text: Marshall walks through with A PRIEST in long black robes
text: enters. This is FATHER LOMBARDY.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
text: He's been preparing for six hours.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: I'm just a selector. I hope he
text: realizes it's a committee that decides
dialog: who plays.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: You're a grandmaster. He respects
dialog: you. You're the only one who ever
dialog: beat Spassky.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: We were kids. He'd destroy me now.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: And you've beaten Bobby.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: When he was twelve. And a bad loser.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 32A.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Said the room was too loud, the lamp
dialog: was too bright. He's a pain in the
dialog: ass.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: He asked for you. Wants you to be
dialog: his second.
text: Marshall hands Lombardy a letter.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a letter of explanation and
dialog: apology to the Federation.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
text: With the f word in the first line.
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 33.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: He's nursed a grudge a long time.
dialog: He's studied how the Russians
dialog: play...every day, eighteen hours a
dialog: day for four years. For him, Vietnam
dialog: and the Beatles never happened.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: I'm guessing he still has his opinions
dialog: about the Soviets?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: You'll promise the committee we'll
dialog: keep him out of trouble...
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: The Piatigorsky has been organized
dialog: to build bridges, not burn them.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: So we lose twelve to zero and that's
text: a bridge.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: I heard he has mental health problems.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: So did Mozart.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: What if we get him there and he
dialog: cracks...
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby won't crack. He will explode.
scene_heading: 42 INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB - GAME ROOM - DAY 42
text: Marshall ushers Lombardy in. Bobby is dressed to kill.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby? Father Lombardy's here...
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: How ya doing, Bobby?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Against Petrosian in Zurich in the
dialog: third game you shouldn't have
dialog: sacrificed your King's pawn. That's
dialog: the thing that got ya.
text: Father Lombardy rocks back a little...
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 34.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You always play too cautiously but
dialog: then you go crazy in the other
dialog: direction. It's a bad weakness.
text: They peer at each other.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, if I criticize a priest, do I
dialog: go to hell?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: ..-Depends if you believe in God.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (nods appreciatively)
dialog: Good move.
text: He gestures at the chessboards lined up before them.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to show you how you could've
dialog: won in thirteen moves.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Not possible.
text: Several tables have been laid out in advance.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Okay, here's where you screwed up.
dialog: You got greedy and traded knight for
dialog: bishop, sacrificed your pawn. But
dialog: what if you'd done this...
text: He puts the pieces back on the board with an arrogant slap.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: See, the Russians are like boa
dialog: constrictors. If you do nothing,
dialog: they strangle you to death, but if
dialog: you confuse him, attack him
dialog: everywhere...
text: Bobby moves rapidly. Pieces moving, trading.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: First my machine guns attack his
dialog: king. BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! All
dialog: he can do is defend himself--
text: Five more moves. Check. Check. He takes a rook.
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 34a.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: You understand, Bobby, this tournament
dialog: is about diplomacy.
text: Bobby ignores him, moves to the next table.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I want five hundred dollars for each
dialog: game. I want to buy my sister
dialog: something for her new baby.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: I heard you were taking medication.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: My sister sent me to a doctor who
dialog: put me on something but I started
dialog: playing as badly as you. So I stopped.
text: He makes three more tactical moves.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now we've got him on the run.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: What about Rook takes Bishop?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: Of course. The smoke clears. He
dialog: thinks he's safe... But there's a
text: plot to kill the king, an assassin
text: is waiting, forgotten in the
dialog: background.
text: Lombardy is entranced.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You see the Russian Queen, standing
dialog: there, so high and mighty? She thinks
dialog: she can protect him.
text: Bobby goes to the next table, making several quick moves--
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
text: uddenly the assassin comes to
text: life! The King tries to escape.
dialog: But now the hunt is on--!
dialog: 
text: He makes a few furious final moves, trapping the white King.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Even his beloved Queen can't save
text: him. The King is defenseless. The
text: King is dead.
dialog: 43
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 35.
dialog: The Kind Falls
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Holy shit.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I didn't know priests used bad
dialog: language...
dialog: (to Marshall)
dialog: I like this guy.
dialog: (to Lombardy)
dialog: Father? Take the crazy kid to
dialog: California.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA BEACH 43
text: Beach Boys harmonies.
text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE & MOCK-DOC: Waves crash on a sun-drenched
text: beach. The surf is up. Long boards and polka-dot bikinis.
text: Four black limos pull up beside the beach.
dialog: Caption: Santa Monica, California, June 1966.
text: KGB men in dark suits and shades emerge. Out of the rear
text: doors step TEN less well-built men, also in dark suits. The
text: SOVIET CHESS TEAM steps hesitantly onto the sand.
speaker_heading: RADIO DJ (V.0O.)
dialog: This is 93 KHJ, Los Angeles...
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 36.
text: The KGB men watch the grand masters stroll self-consciously
text: on the beach. A few SURVEILLANCE SHOTS.
speaker_heading: RADIO DJ (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't be fooled by the warm weather
dialog: because the Cold War just blew into
text: town. The Soviet chess team arrived
dialog: in LA for a good-will tournament.
text: BORIS SPASSKY lights a cigarette. He is trim, athletic. He
text: wears dark shades, hair brushed back. An impressive figure.
speaker_heading: RADIO DJ (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: With them is the current world
dialog: champion, Boris Spassky, said to be
dialog: the best chess player who ever lived.
text: Spassky takes off his shades and rubs his eyes against the
dialog: bright light. We sense a certain weariness...
scene_heading: EXT. BEVERLY HILLS HILTON HOTEL 44
text: The fleet of limos cruise up the palm-fringed courtyard.
text: The doormen jump to attention. Photographers take photos.
speaker_heading: RADIO DJ (V.O.)
text: The comrades are booked into the
dialog: Beverly Hills Hilton Hotel. So much
dialog: for working class values...
text: Boris is hurried inside by two KGB men.
speaker_heading: RADIO DJ (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: If you're listening guys, welcome to
dialog: the free world and enjoy the sunshine.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA MOTEL, OCEAN AVENUE - DAY 45
text: In the seedy parking lot, a couple of hookers are smoking.
text: A taxi pulls in. Lombardy, Marshall and Bobby emerge.
text: Bobby looks at the seedy Motel, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Right.
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 37.
scene_heading: 46 INT. SANTA MONICA MOTEL, OFFICE
text: Lombardy and Marshall are checking in while Bobby paces. He
text: checks out the mural of Santa Monica, observes passing kids.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: ..-Really hot in here... What's
dialog: going on?
speaker_heading: MOTEL CLERK
dialog: Repair guy didn't show.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (to Marshall)
dialog: You said a hotel, not some roach
dialog: coach that rents by the hour.
speaker_heading: MOTEL CLERK
dialog: You a rock star?
dialog: (to Marshall)
dialog: Acts like a rock star.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You know what? I ain't staying here.
text: Bobby turns and walks out the door.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. SANTA MONICA MOTEL, PARKING LOT
text: Bobby emerges with Lombardy and Marshall in pursuit.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You said, “improved accomodations."
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: This is improved. Somebody else is
dialog: paying for it.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Where are the Russians staying?
text: Lombardy and Marshall exchange a look.
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: We don't have their kind of money.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Money?! We invented money --
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: We rely on private donors.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: So find some rich ones!
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: The Russians get whatever they want
dialog: because their government understands
dialog: what it takes to win. Chess is a
dialog: national priority! They don't put
dialog: chess players next to Route 66!
dialog: (looks at the traffic)
dialog: All I want is some QUIET!!
text: One of the hookers speaks up out of nowhere...
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: So stop yelling.
text: Bobby looks up. She's attractive, if somewhat... obvious.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You're right. Sorry. What's your
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Donna.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: See ya later, Donna. I'm going for
dialog: a walk.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Want some company?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Sure.
text: He sets off toward the ocean. Donna hurries to catch up.
text: Lombardy turns to Marshall
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
text: And he hasn't even started playing.
dialog: *
dialog: 48
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 38A.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY HILTON HOTEL, BORIS SPASSKY'S SUITE 48
text: The suite is vast. A shower is running A note in English
dialog: and Russian: 'The Beverly Hills Hilton Hotel welcomes Mr
dialog: Boris Spassky....Chess Champion of the World'.
text: Along with his dark suit, Boris has packed a Hawaiian shirt.
text: A small crucifix hangs inside his open suitcase. On a table
text: a chessboard with the pieces set for a new game.
text: Boris emerges, drying himself. Then the door opens. An
text: adviser enters. This is GELLER. He carries a folder.
text: Their conversation is in Russian with ENGLISH SUBTITLES.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: You don't knock?
speaker_heading: GELLER
dialog: You didn't hear me.
text: Geller immediately turns off the radio jazz.
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 39.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: It is interfering with your listening
dialog: devices?
speaker_heading: GELLER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Now you are being paranoid.
text: Geller goes to the window, looks down.
speaker_heading: GELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: I came in here because there is a
dialog: better view. Come and see. There
text: is a black goddess lying by the pool
dialog: and you can see right up her crotch.
dialog: This is a great country, yeah?
dialog: (peers at him, again:)
dialog: I said this is a great country, yes?
text: Boris doesn't respond. Geller tosses a folder onto the bed.
speaker_heading: GELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: The American team. There is someone
dialog: on this list I hoped was dead.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. SANTA MONICA BEACH 49
text: Bobby is walking in his sharp suit, the waves drenching his
text: shoes. He is walking with purpose, mumbling, lost in a game
text: being played in his head.
text: Then we see Donna trailing behind, high heels in hand.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: This is all you wanted to do?
text: Bobby has spaced out for a moment. He snaps back.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Huh? Collect shells if you want.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: You walk pretty fast.
text: Bobby stops, sits down on the sand and stares out to sea.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Maybe I'll sleep here instead.
text: Donna sits down heavily beside Bobby and lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: So what do you do, Donna?
text: Donna looks quizzically at Bobby.
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 40-42.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: I fuck people.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah? So do I.
dialog: (pondering)
dialog: ..-Listen, after I've won this chess
dialog: thing I was thinking maybe I'd get
dialog: rid of my virginity. It's getting
dialog: stupid, you know--?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: ...-You've never had sex?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Not with someone else, no.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: I'll make you an introductory offer.
dialog: 300 bucks.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Two hundred.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Two-fifty.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Two twenty-five. And if I win I get
dialog: the next one for free.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: You really represent America?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hell, yeah. I represent America.
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 43.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. BEVERLY HILTON HOTEL - NEXT DAY
text: The Soviet chess team climb into their fleet of Limos. Boris
text: appears to have two KGB guards allocated just to him.
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S MOTEL ROOM
text: As Bobby is getting dressed, he and Lombardy play "blind"
text: chess. The board, the pieces, it's all in their heads.
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 43A.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Bishop to Queen 3.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Bishop to Knight 5.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Knight to King Knight 5.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: King Rook to Queen 1.
text: Each moves elicits a reaction. Delight or dread.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Queen to Knight 4. Ha!
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: You sonofabitch.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Not me. Morphy vs. Anderssen.
text: Lombardy's competitive instincts are emerging.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Bishop to Bishop 1.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: King Rook to Kl.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Pawn to Queen Rook 4.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Queen to King 7.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Queen takes Queen.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: Rook takes Queen.
text: Lombardy studies the board in his head.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: seeee Shit.
text: Bobby just smiles. Marshall knocks and enters.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: You ready?
text: He hands Bobby a three-page stapled mimeo.
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 43B.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Background on the Soviet and Cuban
dialog: teams.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Are you kidding? The Russians have
dialog: a folder this thick on me. They've
dialog: been studying me since I was twelve.
text: He tears it up, turns to check himself out in the mirror.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
text: They're sitting by the pool in their
text: fancy hotel, having drinks, laughing.
dialog: (squares his tie)
dialog: We'll see who's laughing tonight.
text: He starts for the door.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You coming?
text: Bobby leaves. Lombardy smiles at Marshall.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: I think he's ready.
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 44.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA TOURNAMENT HALL 54
text: The Soviet flag and the Stars and Stripes hang above a hall.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA MONICA TOURNAMENT HALL 55
text: Players, audience and journalists wait for the matches to
text: begin. The Russians receive last minute briefings. Lombardy
text: is pouring coffee as Marshall enters, frantic.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: He's not anywhere! If he's not seated
text: in four minutes, he forfeits.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: He'll be there.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: A little prayer wouldn't hurt.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: I pray for his opponent.
text: Marshall shakes his head and hurries away.
dialog: 56
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 45.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA MONICA TOURNAMENT, MEN'S ROOM
text: Marshall enters and begins to check the cubicles.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby? You here?
speaker_heading: BOBBY (0.S.)
dialog: In here.
text: Marshall finds Bobby fully clothed, sitting on the toilet,
text: busily writing on a scrap of paper.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: What the hell? You've go to take
dialog: your seat!
text: Bobby gets to his feet, handing Marshall the note.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I had to find somewhere quiet. I
dialog: want you to give this to her...
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: To who?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: My mom.
text: Bobby gives him the letter. For a moment we glimpse the
text: fragile little boy inside Bobby. He goes to wash his hands.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: She lives in California now. She'll
dialog: be here.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby, you've drawn Ivanovich in the
dialog: first round.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Whatever you do, don't let her watch
dialog: me. She'll screw up my game. Just
dialog: stop her and give her the letter
dialog: (dries his hands)
dialog: I've told her to follow on the radio.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby, Ivanovich is officially the
dialog: third best chess player in the world.
text: Bobby's little boy look is replaced by a roguish grin.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 46.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Fourth.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA MONICA TOURNAMENT PLAYING HALL
text: A chessboard. A clock TICKS. An empty chair with Bobby's
text: name on it. Russian Grandmaster IVANOVICH sits opposite.
text: An adviser whispers in his ear. Lombardy checks his watch.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: If he is not here in sixty seconds
dialog: the game will be forfeited.
text: Ivanovich folds his arms and waits.
text: A door at the far end of the room OPENS. Bobby saunters in.
text: His casual attitude immediately wrong-foots his opponent. A
text: ripple of APPLAUSE as he raises one hand in acknowledgement.
text: An official hands Bobby his "move" card.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (patting his pockets;
dialog: to Lombardy)
dialog: Gotta pen?
text: Lombardy hands him a pen. Bobby sits and waits for the clock
text: to run down some more, staring directly at Ivanovich.
text: Ten seconds left on the clock. Ivanovich begins to wilt a
text: little. Bobby smiles a devilish smile and whispers...
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five,
dialog: four, three...two...
text: Bobby SLAPS his first move, then SLAPS his clock just as
text: hard. His eyes never leave Ivanovich's face.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA TOURNAMENT HALL, NIGHT
text: The Limos are waiting.
text: The auditorium doors open and Ivanovich appears, escorted by
text: the Soviet team advisor, LIVO NEI, who hurries him into one
text: of the waiting cars. Ivanovich has his head bowed.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO - BACK SEAT (TRAVELING - POOR MAN'S PROCESS)
text: The limo pulls away. Ivanovich sits beside Nei, staring
text: straight ahead. They speak Russian with ENGLISH subtitles.
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 47.
speaker_heading: IVANOVICH
dialog: It was like... having a building
dialog: fall on me.
speaker_heading: NEI
dialog: When we get to the hotel the team
dialog: doctor will give you a thorough
dialog: examination.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: You lost because you have the flu.
dialog: You probably caught it on the flight.
speaker_heading: IVANOVICH
dialog: Yes. I do have a headache.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 60
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA MOTEL, OUTDOOR PAY PHONE - NIGHT 61
text: Rain drenches the parking lot. Bobby is on the pay phone,
dialog: wired.
text: Donna appears out of one of the rooms.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Hey, heard you won... Congrats!
dialog: (watches him)
dialog: What's wrong with the phone in your
dialog: room?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I heard this click, click. Our phone
dialog: was always bugged growing up.
dialog: (dialing)
dialog: Some family, huh? My mom is bugged
dialog: by us, I'm bugged by the Russians.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Who you calling?
dialog: 62
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 48.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Operator, I'm trying to find a number
dialog: for Regina Fischer....well how many *
dialog: Regina Fischers can there be in
dialog: California?....
dialog: (to Donna)
dialog: Making sure my mom doesn't come *
dialog: tomorrow. *
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Somewhere near the beach....
dialog: (to Donna)
dialog: She likes the ocean.
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Well ask the lady next to you and
text: she can ask the lady next to her.
dialog: You sit in lines, right?
text: Donna stifles a giggle.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Just look her up in your--
dialog: He's cut off. *
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D) *
dialog: Shit. *
speaker_heading: DONNA *
dialog: So you want to lose your virginity
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Donna, I haven't forgotten our
dialog: arrangement and I'm looking forward
dialog: to it.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: But tonight I've got to practice. I
dialog: killed one of them today so tomorrow
dialog: they'll come at me like wasps.
text: Bobby turns and walks off into the rain.
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S MOTEL ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT 62
text: Bobby and Lombardy are playing "blitz." Speed chess.
text: Lombardy is pushing Bobby. Bobby pushes back.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Passed up having sex for this.
text: WHAP. Hits the clock. WHAP. Lombardy makes a counter-move.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Passed it up for twenty years.
dialog: 63
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 48a.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL ROOM - SAME
text: Bobby's is the only light still on. From inside, we HEAR
text: WHAP, WHAP, WHAP as their practice continues into the night.
dialog: 63
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 49.
scene_heading: 64 EXT. BEVERLY HILTON HOTEL - SAME 64
text: KGB guys flirt with American women.
text: A SHADOW slips past. It's Boris Spassky making his escape.
scene_heading: 65 EXT. BEVERLY HILLS STREETS 65
text: Boris wanders through residential Beverly Hills.
scene_heading: 66 INT. SANDWICH SHOP, BEVERLY HILLS - NIGHT 66
text: Boris is playing a pinball machine inside a sandwich shop.
text: Geller peering in from the street, spots him and enters.
speaker_heading: GELLER
dialog: Been looking for you.
text: Boris keeps playing.
speaker_heading: GELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: You have a game tomorrow. You should
dialog: be sleeping.
text: Outside, a limo pulls up and a KGB man gets out. Geller nods
dialog: through the window that everything is all right.
speaker_heading: GELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Disappearing makes people nervous.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: Is Ivanovich really sick?
speaker_heading: GELLER
dialog: Influenza. We are flying him home.
text: Boris looks at him, knows he's lying. Goes back to his game.
speaker_heading: GELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: It looks bad to lose even one game
dialog: to an American.
text: Boris allows the ball to drop out of play.
dialog: 67
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 50.
speaker_heading: GELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: If Fischer makes it to the final you
dialog: will be there to crush him.
text: The CLICK of a SURVEILLANCE SHOT from across the street.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA MONICA MOTEL - MORNING 67
text: Marshall walks out. Lombardy takes him aside.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: We have a problem.
text: Bobby is standing by the empty pool, holding a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'm not going to play again until my
dialog: conditions are met.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: What conditions?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Number one. From now on we arrive
text: at tournaments in a big black car
dialog: like the Russians.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Limousines cost money.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Number two. My picture was on today's
text: front page of the LA Times. The
dialog: more I win, the more people come. A
dialog: thousand people are paying 5 dollars
dialog: apiece to see me play. That's $5,000.
dialog: I want 30%. $1,500.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Money is respect. Chess is a sport.
dialog: People respect sports stars.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Number three. I need five feet between
dialog: me and the audience. I can smell
dialog: their breath, it's almost like I
dialog: hear their thoughts. My thoughts
dialog: need to be on the board.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Is that all?
dialog: *
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: And get somebody to check our phones
dialog: aren't being bugged.
dialog: (starts off)
dialog: Screw the limo. I'm walking.
dialog: 50A.
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 51.
text: Bobby sets off. Lombardy sets off after him.
scene_heading: B68 EXT. MOTEL - CONTINUOUS B68
text: Lombardy catches up to him.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: You ready to talk about the match
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Forgive me, father, for I have
dialog: sinned..
text: Lombardy can't help but smile. Bobby can be disarming.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Yeah, right. Now....if Benko plays
dialog: the Sicilian, what's your counter?
dialog: 
text: We can no longer HEAR them as they walk away but their
text: animated gestures signal the intensity of their preparation.
scene_heading: 68 INT. SANTA MONICA MOTEL, OFFICE - NIGHT 68
text: The motel clerk is watching local news on a small TV.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: Americans don't beat Russians at
dialog: chess. But it happened today in
dialog: Santa Monica--
scene_heading: INTERCUT DOC-STYLE "news" footage of Bobby's victories --
text: masterful, slapping his pieces, scribbling in his notebook.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: --and when American chess sensation
dialog: Bobby Fischer is around, it just
dialog: keeps on happening....
text: Donna and the motel clerk are watching on the tiny TV.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Son of a bitch broke three of my
dialog: phones looking for bugs.
dialog: 69
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 52.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: That's what rock stars do. They
dialog: trash hotel rooms.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: Tomorrow, a record crowd will watch
dialog: the American -- Bobby Fischer -- as
dialog: he faces Russian World Champion Boris
text: Spassky in the final match.
text: Donna stares at the screen, wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Never fucked a champion before.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA MONICA MOTEL, BOBBY'S ROOM - NIGHT 69
text: Bobby lies in bed, lost in thought. Donna is beside him. *
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Wasn't so bad was it?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: wanes See, the problem is I'm black...
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I like to open with the Kings Indian
dialog: but he's an expert on the Samisch.
speaker_heading: DONNA *
dialog: Who? *
speaker_heading: BOBBY *
dialog: Spassky. So maybe a Grunfeld... *
dialog: But then I need to find a remedy to *
dialog: P-B4...
text: He spins inward. She's feeling a little left out. *
speaker_heading: DONNA *
dialog: .+..Did you reach your Mom? Bet *
dialog: she'd be proud.
text: She tries stroking his arm. He withdraws slightly. *
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Gotta go back to work.
text: Bobby is already pulling on his pants, leaving the room.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Yeah, it was good for me, too.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 52a.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA MONICA MOTEL ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT 70
text: Bobby can't sleep. Paces. Studies his notebook. It's
text: 1:00am.Bobby drinks milk. Paces. Studies more. It's 3:30am.
text: He's about to drift off. The alarm clock RINGS. 7:00am.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA MONICA TOURNAMENT HALL 71
text: Bobby and Lombardy walk a hallway. Bobby looks like hell.
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 53.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Up late, huh? You all right?
text: Their eyes meet for a flicker.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Never better.
scene_heading: 72 INT. SANTA MONICA TOURNAMENT HALL - DAY 72
text: Bobby stops before entering the playing area and sees Spassky.
text: Boris looks rested and detached. Lombardy sees him looking.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: You got this guy.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Think I don't know that?
text: Across the hall, Boris senses Bobby's gaze. Their eyes meet.
text: We sense the two men have made fatal contact, and one of
text: them must be destroyed. Bobby looks away first.
text: Bobby and Spassky approach their table. The audience APPLAUDS.
text: The two men stand behind their seats. Geller whispers in
text: Boris's ear. Livo Nei hands him a note pad and pen. A third
text: brings him a worksheet, a fourth hands him a glass of water.
text: Lombardy leans in to whisper to Bobby.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Remember, don't try to overpress.
dialog: If he opens with the Nimzo--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (harsh whisper)
dialog: You think I'm a idiot!?!
text: Lombardy is mortified. Bobby is immediately contrite.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: ...Sorry, Father.
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 54.
text: He looks up to see if Boris has heard him. Boris steps
text: forward, extending his hand. Bobby hesitates and the flicker
text: of hesitation is caught by Spassky. Finally they shake.
text: Boris sits down calmly as Bobby drops into his chair.
text: Bobby is distracted by THE SOUND of a chair scraping. His
text: eyes dart to it.
text: He looks back -- only to realize Boris has been watching him
text: the whole time. Bobby tries to stare at him. Boris smiles.
dialog: He has already won.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA TOURNAMENT HALL 73
text: The door SLAMS open and Bobby bursts through. His fury tells
text: all. He has lost. Lombardy and Marshall hurry to catch up.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Bobby, you beat three Russians.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: They're waiting to give you the
dialog: runners-up medal.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: A medal for losing?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: No one expected you to beat Spassky.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: She wasn't here, was she?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Who?
text: He doesn't wait for an answer and walks off toward the beach.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: At least talk to the TV people.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA BEACH - DUSK 74
text: Bobby trudges in the sand. Tears well as he collapses like
text: a disconsolate child. He has lost. His carefully-cultivated,
text: illusion of invincibility is shattered, revealed for what it
text: is, a cloak for the vast, untouchable hole in his heart.
text: He idly draws a chessboard in the wet sand -- torturing
text: himself with memories of losing.
dialog: 75
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 55.
text: A wave rolls in, washing out his drawing. He sits there,
text: water pooling around him.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA MONICA MOTEL, LOMBARDY'S ROOM - THAT NIGHT 75
text: Lombardy sits on the bed. Marshall enters.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: He's disappeared.
text: He pours himself a drink.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: He'll be back.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: How can you be so sure?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: It's all that matters to him. Without
dialog: chess, he doesn't exist.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: You think he can ever beat Spassky?
text: Lombardy nurses his drink, non-committal.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hypothetically, what would it take
dialog: to make him world champion?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: (stares at him)
dialog: The desk clerk asked why we're making
dialog: so many calls to DC. I didn't call
dialog: DC. Who have you been talking to--?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: There are people...in high places...
dialog: who take an interest in any
dialog: confrontation between us and the
dialog: Soviet Union.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: The state department?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: The CIA?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: The WHITE HOUSE?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby wants limos? He gets limos.
dialog: And they'1l1 throw in 'honorariums'
dialog: for each victory.
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Paid for by who?
text: Marshall stares back at him.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Are you a patriot, father?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Mostly.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby may be a little off but he
dialog: understands this whole thing better
dialog: than you.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: We're at war. Only it's not being
dialog: fought by guns and missiles -- not
dialog: yet at least -- it's a war of
dialog: perception. The poor kid from
dialog: Brooklyn taking on the whole Soviet
dialog: Empire. The perfect American story.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: (starts to laugh)
dialog: Which means you're out schnorring
dialog: right wing anti-Communist money
dialog: people? This wouldn't possibly be
dialog: helpful to the Nixon White House?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: ...-There's such a thing as doing
dialog: well by doing good. And you haven't
dialog: answered my question...
text: Lombardy takes a sip of whiskey.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Bobby Fischer is the second best
dialog: chess player I have ever seen. He
text: also has severe problems in his head.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Which need to be understood and
dialog: managed.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Managed? Bobby?
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Ever heard of Paul Morphy? 1855.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 57.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Greatest player this country ever
dialog: had -- before Bobby, that is. By 21
dialog: he'd beaten every master in Europe.
dialog: Liked to play ten people at a time.
text: Blindfolded. Then things got a little
dialog: weird. Started having "visions,"
dialog: became convinced people were trying
dialog: to poison him. Quit at 26 and
dialog: eventually killed himself in the
text: bathtub surrounded by twelve pairs
dialog: of ladies' shoes.
text: Lombardy takes another sip.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY (CONT'D)
text: This game is a rabbit hole. After
dialog: only four moves there are more than
dialog: three hundred billion options to
dialog: consider, more forty-move games than
dialog: the number of stars in the galaxy,
dialog: more openings, defenses, gambits
dialog: than there are atoms in the universe.
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: It can bring you very close to the
dialog: edge. I've been there. When I was
dialog: twenty-three, I--
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Nice story, father. With respect,
dialog: my question was about Bobby. Could
dialog: he win?
text: Lombardy glares at him.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: If Bobby went for the title it would
dialog: mean traveling around the world
dialog: playing interzonals for three years...
dialog: That's three years in much worse
dialog: places than this one.
dialog: (finishes his whiskey)
dialog: In my opinion he might not make it
dialog: that long.
text: Marshall stands up, taking the bottle with him.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: It's your job to see that he does.
dialog: If we ever find him.
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: A77
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 58.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY 76
text: Bobby has slept on the beach. His clothes are rumpled and
text: his hair is wild. As he sits up he sees an odd sight.
text: A hundred yards down the beach, a big black limo has disgorged
text: three MEN. Two are KGB. The third is wearing a Beverly Hills
dialog: hotel bathrobe. It's Boris Spassky, come for his morning
text: swim. The KGB men carry his clothes.
text: Bobby watches, fascinated, as Boris shrugs off his bathrobe
text: and begins an exercise regime. Bobby gets to his knees as
text: Boris walks into the ocean and begins to swim. The KGB guys
text: smoke cigarettes, waiting for Boris to finish.
text: As Boris steps out of the ocean, a KGB guy holds out a towel
text: for him. Bobby leaps to his feet and yells...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey!! Asshole!! They're not
dialog: bodyguards, they're jailers!! They've
dialog: got your brain. They're inside your
dialog: mind! They wouldn't even let you
dialog: kill yourself if you wanted!!
text: Boris looks up as Bobby yells, but he is far away and looks
text: like a bum, so he doesn't immediately recognize him...
speaker_heading: KGB GUY
text: Just some drunk sleeping it off.
dialog: America is full of them.
text: Bobby, meanwhile, is laughing to himself. He steps into the
text: ocean, fully clothed, and begins to splash around...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Look at me man, I'm free!
text: He jumps into the waves and begins to play. Boris stares and
text: slowly realizes it's Bobby.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm coming for you, man!! Better
dialog: get ready -- 'cause I'M...COMING!!
text: The KGB minders quickly hustle Boris away, but not before he
text: looks back to see Bobby take a sardonic bow.
text: We might notice something new in Boris's eyes when he realizes
text: that Bobby has recovered from the loss. He is unnerved.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSCOW (ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE)- MORNING A77
dialog: Lomonosov Moscow University Dormitories, February 1967.
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 59.
scene_heading: INT. MOSCOW APARTMENT - MORNING 77
text: A man answers the door. A postman hands him a Russian
text: Magazine. The cover features a photograph of Bobby. We might
text: notice he has large feet inside his ragged tartan slippers.
scene_heading: INT. MOSCOW APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM 78
text: Cyril hands the magazine to Regina. Bobby is on the cover.
speaker_heading: CYRIL
text: He is officially entering the race
dialog: to become world champion.
text: Regina nods, walks away toward the bedroom with the magazine.
scene_heading: INT. MOSCOW APARTMENT, SPARE ROOM 79
text: When she enters, WE SEE walls covered in clippings and
text: photographs of Bobby: headlines from the NY Times, LA Times,
text: London Times and Pravda. Covers from Life and Time magazine.
text: We PAN past articles proclaiming his triumphs. (Fischer
text: dominates at Skopje). 70's hard rock kicks in.
scene_heading: DOC-STYLE: WE'RE IN A HALL (70'S ROCK CONT. OVER) 80
text: Bobby is being interviewed.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: ...-The Russians are afraid of me,
dialog: man. They've avoided me for years.
dialog: (a big grin)
dialog: They can run but they can't hide!
text: A scrum of reporters bears down on him.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Bobby, you're the first American
dialog: ever to reach the interzonal semis.
dialog: How does it feel? Are you afraid?
text: Bobby freezes. He stares at all the people yelling at him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I have nothing to say to you...
dialog: The words his mom taught him years ago.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I_ HAVE NOTHING TO SAY TO YOU!!
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 60.
text: In_ her room, Regina adds another article: "Fischer Withdraws
dialog: from Monaco."
text: We INTERCUT between articles and mini-scenes of Bobby's long
dialog: road to the championship.
scene_heading: IN A NATANYA HOTEL ROOM (70'S ROCK CONT.) 81
text: Bobby works out with weights as Lombardy watches skeptically.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: 23... 24... Push. PUSH...! 25!
text: Bobby is wasted but he won't stop.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: One more set.
text: He begins another set. Lombardy starts again at "1".
speaker_heading: OMITTED 82
scene_heading: DOC-STYLE: IN A TOURNAMENT HALL (70'S ROCK CONT.) 83
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Today, rising American chess champion,
dialog: Bobby Fischer won his twentieth
dialog: consecutive game... a world record.
text: Bobby writes "mate" on his scorecard. The player opposite
text: him has been crushed. Bobby hands the pen to Lombardy.
scene_heading: DOC-STYLE: OUTSIDE THE TOURNAMENT HALL (70'S ROCK CONT.) 84
text: Bobby is surrounded by FEMALE FANS swooning over him. Bobby's
text: loving it. He turns to Lombardy.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You sure we can't stay here a couple
dialog: more days?
text: Lombardy grins. Bobby is enjoying the fruits of stardom.
scene_heading: IN A HOTEL ROOM (70'S ROCK CONT.) 85
text: Bobby lies in bed, listening to a tape recording. The CULT
text: PREACHER is understated but authoritative. Like a father.
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 61.
speaker_heading: CULT PREACHER (V.O.)
dialog: The tide of history is changing,
dialog: friend. God's plan has left them
text: behind, so they plot to take the
dialog: world away from God...
text: Lombardy passes by in the hallway, looks in.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: What are you listening to?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: The Worldwide Church of God. These
dialog: people are into some heavy shit.
speaker_heading: CULT PREACHER (V.O.)
dialog: They will do anything in their power
dialog: to destroy us. If we have any hope
dialog: of surviving, we must expose them
dialog: before the whole world...
text: Lombardy walks out, shaking his head.
scene_heading: 86 DOC-STYLE: IN A PARK (70'S ROCK CONT.) 86
dialog: Another interview.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I mean, what do we really know about
dialog: radiation? ICBM'S? There are lots
dialog: of things our government doesn't
dialog: tell us.
text: Regina adds an article: "Fischer Boycotts Fed for 2nd Time"
scene_heading: 87 BACK TO THE PARK (70'S ROCK CONT.) 87
text: An interviewer speaks to him, off-camera
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER (0.S.)
dialog: So, Bobby, when did you last see
dialog: your mother?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: ...-Uh...Haven't seen her in a few
dialog: years, actually.
scene_heading: 88 IN THE MOSCOW APARTMENT 88
text: As Regina tacks up the latest cover of Bobby's face. It's as
text: if she can hear him being interviewed.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER (0.S.)
dialog: And your father...?
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 62.
scene_heading: IN THE PARK 89
text: Bobby's eyes flash.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Look, I thought you wanted to talk
dialog: about chess.
text: He summarily walks out of frame.
scene_heading: IN THE MOSCOW APARTMENT 90
text: Regina looks deep into her son's eyes.
scene_heading: A HOTEL HALLWAY 91
text: That same face. Manic mode. Giving orders.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: --What'd Vancouver come back with?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: They've agreed to let you approve
dialog: the lighting.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Good. What about the clocks? The
text: BHB model with the button on top
text: saves two seconds on each move.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Flying them in from Germany.
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: And the placement of the table?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: They say there's not enough room in
dialog: the hall.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That's bullshit! Tell them I insist
text: on a ten foot radius.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: But if there isn't enough room--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I SAID, TELL 'EM! Now... What about
dialog: the money?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: They won't budge.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Then I won't play.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Did you read Time magazine?
dialog: (quoting)
text: Quote. Bobby Fischer is changing
text: the face of chess, single-handedly
dialog: making it the fastest growing sport
text: in the world. Unquote.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 63.
dialog: 92
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 64.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You know how much Joe Namath makes?
dialog: $250,000. That's 12K per game. And
dialog: he's never won a single championship.
dialog: I'm EIGHT TIME U.S. champ. You know
dialog: what I make?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: So what you're saying is you want to
dialog: play for the Jets?
text: Bobby senses Lombardy's gaze, turns to him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: ...What--?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Just wondering what any of this has
dialog: to do with chess.
text: At the end of the hallway, FANS are waiting.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (to Lombardy)
dialog: Gotta pen?
text: Lombardy obliges; a fan hands Bobby an autograph book.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Tu jeux aux echecs?
text: The kid nods eagerly. Bobby grins.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Better not be good. I don't need
dialog: any more competition.
text: The fan is thrilled as Bobby signs with a flourish.
scene_heading: INT. THE SAME BROOKLYN DINER - DAY 92
text: Early 70's music. Joan is in booth, anxiously smoking a
text: cigarette. Marshall is already talking as he sits down.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Joan, I'm between three airports and
dialog: hell. I have ten minutes in New
dialog: York to see my wife, kiss my kids
dialog: and talk to you. How the hell have
dialog: you been? You're looking great.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I have to see him. Every time I
text: call, they say his phone is broken.
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 64a.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: That happens.
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 65.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: You mean he breaks them. I want to
dialog: take him to see a doctor.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: That just won't be possible. He's
dialog: already in Vancouver ...Joan, it's
dialog: been a while since you saw him, right?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Over a year.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I can tell you he's in great shape.
text: Joan opens her purse and produces a pile of letters.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Every week his letters get more crazy.
dialog: Go ahead, take a look.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: They're private letters to you Joan.
dialog: I respect his privacy.
text: Joan stares at him. Her face hardens.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I showed them to a psychiatrist
dialog: friend. He said Bobby is displaying
text: signs of delusional psychosis.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Chess is a crazy world. Some of the
dialog: things he says about the Soviets are
dialog: true. In Tunis we found listening
text: devices in his hotel room...
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: ‘The Communists infect my mind with
text: words that just keep repeating’.
text: Marshall blanches. He's not entirely without conscience.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘The Jews are helping them too. The
dialog: Jews want to keep the chess federation
dialog: all to themselves just like they own
dialog: New York and own and control most
dialog: Governments in the world’...
dialog: (crumples the letter)
dialog: We are Jewish. Bobby is Jewish.
dialog: What do your people say to him when
dialog: he comes out with this trash?
dialog: 93
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 66.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Joan, I swear this isn't just about
dialog: the title anymore. It's about the
text: beauty of the games he's playing.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Out of all the crazy stuff -- such
text: unimaginable beauty. A Da Vinci.
dialog: From Brooklyn. Once every five hundred
text: years... Grandmasters are watching
text: Bobby play with tears in their eyes.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Well, I have tears in my eyes too!
text: Heads turn. Marshall checks his watch.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Joan, I'll take care of him.
dialog: (touches her hand)
dialog: I'll make sure his life doesn't get
dialog: too crazy.
scene_heading: EXT. VANCOUVER TOURNAMENT HALL - DOC-STYLE 93
dialog: Madness.
text: Reporters and photographers converge on Bobby,
dialog: Caption: Vancouver Interzonal, May 1971.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Today in Buenos Aires, American chess
dialog: star -- Bobby Fischer -- beat Russian
dialog: grandmaster Tigran Petrosian in the
dialog: semi-final of the World Chess
dialog: Championships...
text: Marshall and Lombardy try to shield him as they hurry down
text: the steps of the hall. Bobby is wired as hell.
scene_heading: VANCOUVER REPORTER
dialog: Bobby, with this win you're guaranteed
dialog: a shot at the title. How's it feel?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Pretty good, pretty good.
scene_heading: VANCOUVER REPORTER
dialog: The Russians are saying you don't
dialog: have a chance against Spassky. Any
dialog: comment on that?
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 66A.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Okay, okay, I'm making this up as I
dialog: say it, right, so it might not come
dialog: out so good...
text: Cameras roll and flashlights POP...
scene_heading: VANCOUVER REPORTER 2
dialog: Hey Bobby, big angry look over here...
text: Lombardy gently urges Bobby forward. Marshall holds back.
dialog: 94
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 67.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I just crushed Petrosian six-and-a-
dialog: half to two-and-a-half. They know
dialog: what I'm going to do to Spassky.
dialog: ee ee
dialog: *
scene_heading: VANCOUVER REPORTER
dialog: Bobby, a crazy look over here.... *
text: Lombardy pushes Bobby toward a waiting limo.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: They're scared now. That's why they
dialog: bugged the phone in my hotel room.
text: Murmurs among the press. Lombardy shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: They point things at my window from *
dialog: across the street. I wouldn't be *
dialog: surprised if they were bugging me
dialog: right now. Sometimes I hear stuff *
dialog: buzzing in my clothes. I've even
dialog: heard they can listen through the
dialog: fillings in your teeth.
text: Lombardy pushes Bobby into the car. A reporter follows.
scene_heading: VANCOUVER REPORTER 2
dialog: Petrosian said he wasn't well. That's
dialog: the second Russian who got sick...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Sick of me sure as hell.
text: Laughter. Bobby grins. His mood swings are growing stronger;
text: suddenly he's having the time of his life. Flashbulbs POP.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO (TRAVELING) - SAME 94
text: Bobby is grinning. Marshall puts an arm around him.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby, Bobby, Bobby..!
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Congratulations, kiddo.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Wide World of Sports is offering a *
dialog: segment, Cavett wants you, and -- *
dialog: are you ready...? Mike Wallace called.
dialog: Mike Wallace. "60 Minutes," Bobby!
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 67A.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah, well, about time... I don't
dialog: want to be distracted by a bunch of
dialog: press, though. I'1l do the big ones.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Great, great... Only-- when we do
dialog: these shows... just go easy on
dialog: the...bugging... and the teeth.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Whaddya mean? I'm telling the truth.
dialog: People love that.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I know, I know. You just need to be
dialog: careful. Some things you say, they
dialog: can be misinterpreted. People get
dialog: worried when you talk like that...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: People? What people?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: It doesn't matter... Which of these
dialog: interviews do you want to do?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: No... You said people are worried.
dialog: What people?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Nobody. I think Cavett would be a
dialog: great idea--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: -- WHAT PEOPLE?
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 68.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: eee wees Joan.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You talked to Joan? When? Did you
dialog: talk to her on the phone? Did she
dialog: call you?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: eeeee I was in New York. We had a
text: cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You MET with my sister without telling
dialog: me?! You TALKED about me with my
dialog: sister?!
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: She called me--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You think I'm a child who needs to
dialog: be TALKED ABOUT?!
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I was looking out for your best
dialog: interests--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Don't lawyer me!
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I'm trying to help you!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: DON'T LAWYER ME! You're having
dialog: conversations BEHIND MY BACK! With
dialog: my FAMILY?! Did I ask you to do
dialog: that? Why wouldn't you tell me about
dialog: that? Who's working for who here?
dialog: There are a hundred more of you, you
dialog: know, just waiting in line.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 69.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop the car!
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby, we're about to get everything
dialog: you've ever wanted....
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: STOP THE CAR--!
text: The car stops. Bobby jumps out. Lombardy turns to Marshall.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: I'll walk him back.
scene_heading: EXT. VANCOUVER STREET - MOMENTS LATER 95
text: Lombardy catches up to Bobby and they walk in silence for a
dialog: moment. Then:
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: B6 to El.
text: After a moment...Bobby responds.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: K4 to Qp4.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: P4 to P5.
text: They walk on. For the moment Bobby is back on track.
scene_heading: INT. VANCOUVER HOTEL RESTAURANT - LATER THAT NIGHT 96
text: Marshall is eating alone.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
text: He's back in his room.
text: He sits down opposite Marshall.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Is he okay?
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 70.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: He's in there listening to those
dialog: tapes of his.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Isn't it some kind of God Squad?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Those people have as much to do with
dialog: God as you do.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I'd've thought you'd approve...
text: He leans across the table.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Should we get him to see a someone,
dialog: a psychiatrist.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Never happen.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: We have to try.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: The concierge told me he asked for
text: the TV to be removed from his room
dialog: because he thinks the Russians are
text: watching him through the screen.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Maybe they are.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: He also believes they are going to
text: try to blow up his plane.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: He just needs some sleep. What good
dialog: would a doctor do?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: He could give a diagnosis... He could
dialog: give him a pill.
text: The two men stare at each other.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: And that would be like pouring
text: concrete down a holy well.
dialog: 97
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 70A.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN PRAIRIE, RUSSIA - DAY 97
text: Boris Spassky rides a stallion bare-chested. He is a man at
text: ease. Reaching the crest he pulls up. Below a Lada waits.
text: The sight of the car breaks the spell.
text: Boris trots over to where Livo Nei leans on the car, smoking
text: a cigarette. Nei's presence means there is news...
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 71.
scene_heading: INT. JFK ARRIVALS - DAY - DOC-STYLE
text: The press pack awaits the flight from Buenos Aires. Lombardy
text: emerges from arrivals, followed by Marshall.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: Bobby Fischer -- the first American
dialog: in history to reach the final --
dialog: arrived in Reykjavik today....
text: Bobby emerges...with a brown paper bag over his head with
text: eyes cut for holes. Cameras POP...the real madness has begun.
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S BROWN BAG
text: WE ARE INSIDE the paper bag. Frantic breathing, the bag
text: sucking in and out. The press is SCREAMING, "You've never
dialog: beaten Spassky. Why do you think you can you beat him now?"
speaker_heading: RADIO ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: After months of negotiation, Fischer
dialog: will now face the current World
dialog: Champion Boris Spassky.
scene_heading: INT. JOAN'S SUBURBAN HOME, LIVING ROOM, NEW YORK
text: Joan is getting her kids ready for school. The radio is on.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: The Fischer Spassky final will be
dialog: televised world wide--
text: Joan's son comes running up the path.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANCHOR (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: --and is already being billed as the
dialog: deciding battle in the war of ideas
dialog: between East and West.
text: Joan's son bursts through the door, breathless...
speaker_heading: JOAN'S DAUGHTER
text: Mama, there are men on the lawn.
text: Joan looks out and sees the press pack gathering on her lawn.
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: *
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 72.
speaker_heading: DICK CAVETT (VO)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, my next guest
dialog: was US Chess Champion at fourteen
dialog: and a Grandmaster at fifteen--
speaker_heading: 101 OMIT 101
scene_heading: 102 INT. TV STUDIO - MOMENTS LATER 102
speaker_heading: DICK CAVETT
dialog: --And now he's hoping to become Chess
dialog: Champion of the whole world, Ladies
dialog: and Gentlemen, Mr Bobby Fischer...
text: Bobby is sprawled in a chair, looking by turns shy and cocky.
speaker_heading: CAVETT
dialog: So where does a chess player live?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I don't live anywhere. Hotels mostly.
speaker_heading: CAVETT
dialog: In the past, you've made some pretty
dialog: strong charges against the Soviets,
dialog: accusing them of, of...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: Cheating.
text: Bobby grins. Laughter. Cavett glances at his audience...
speaker_heading: CAVETT
dialog: Cheating is the word I was looking
dialog: for...
text: More laughter. Bobby is encouraged to go farther.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Cheating. Yeah, they've done a bit
dialog: of that in the past.
speaker_heading: CAVETT
dialog: An opponent once said you are like
dialog: Achilles without the Achilles heel.
dialog: Do you have a weakness?
text: Silence. Bobby looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: ..-A weakness?...... No.
text: He laughs easily. His lack of guile can be disarming.
dialog: 103
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 73.
speaker_heading: CAVETT
dialog: What's the best moment when you win
dialog: at chess, what's the home run moment?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (his smile fading)
dialog: When you break his ego. That's where
dialog: it's at--
text: Cavett reacts with mock alarm.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
text: --When he sees it coming and he breaks
dialog: up inside. When you're, like,
dialog: crushing the guy...
dialog: (stares into the lights)
text: Crushing the guy.
dialog: (his eyes wild)
dialog: Yeah, that's where it's at.
text: The easy grin is gone. His smile appears haunted.
scene_heading: INT. BIG HOTEL SUITE 103
text: Chaos. Marshall is checking travel documents. A couple of
text: SECURITY GUYS wait by the door.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Flight to Reykjavik's at nine. We
dialog: need to get to JFK by 7.
text: The noise is compounded by MUSIC Bobby listens to on a
text: portable cassette player. He is shirtless, doing push-ups.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Does that have to be so loud?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: He doesn't want the Russians to hear
dialog: which plane we're catching.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (yells over the music)
text: THIS GROUP IS INCREDIBLE! They get
dialog: thirty percent of ticket sales at
dialog: their concerts. I should get that.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: (yelling back)
dialog: We agreed to twenty-five...
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 74.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (more push-ups)
dialog: Yeah, well it's thirty now.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby. You agreed. You signed.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah, well, I changed my mind. Thirty
dialog: or I don't go.
text: The room falls silent. The other have 'told you so' faces.
text: He stares,
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: If I ask for thirty, they'll say
dialog: you're scared to face him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Don't try that psychology crap on
dialog: me. Without me no one outside Russia
dialog: would know this thing is happening.
dialog: I am the light shining on this game.
dialog: (standing up)
dialog: All of you are here because of me...
dialog: I am a hundred per cent of the reason--
dialog: no, that's wrong -- Spassky is the
dialog: reigning champion -- I want thirty
dialog: percent for him too.
dialog: (pacing; manic)
dialog: But understand one thing: I don't
dialog: just play for myself. I play for
dialog: Chess.
text: triumphant, at Marshall -- who nods, conciliatory.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I'll call them from the airport.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Okay, people, we need to get packed.
text: Lombardy takes Marshall's arm, leads him into the next room.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: He told me he doesn't want to go to
dialog: Iceland.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: He wants to go.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: He doesn't know what he wants...
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 75.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: But you do.
text: Lombardy just stares at him, fuming.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, my job was to get him this
dialog: match. How about you do your job...
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Get him ready. Help him win.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: What have I been doing for three
dialog: years?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Babying him. Catering to his bullshit--
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Keeping him from cracking up is more
dialog: like it. This may be hard for you
dialog: to comprehend, but he's a person,
dialog: not a meal ticket or a political
dialog: symbol or an instrument of US foreign
dialog: policy.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I am so sick and tired of your
dialog: sanctimonious bullshit... If you
dialog: don't have the stomach for this I
dialog: suggest you go find a church, get
dialog: down on your knees and thank God you
dialog: don't live in Russia.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: What if something happens?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Like what?
text: Lombardy glances through the open door at Bobby, who has
text: turned off the music and inserted a home-made tape of The
dialog: Worldwide Church of God. Lombardy doesn't want to give voice
text: to his worst fears.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: ---I don't know.
text: Marshall shakes his head and turns back to getting ready.
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 76.*
text: Lombardy heads into Bobby's room. The Worldwide Church of
text: God comes from the tape player.
speaker_heading: CULT PREACHER (V.O.)
dialog: --and when you see how the tide of
dialog: history is changing, friend, you see
dialog: how desperate they are.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Can you turn that off for a second?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What's up...?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Bobby. If you don't want to go,
dialog: then you shouldn't go.
text: A long moment as Bobby stares at him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I thought you wanted me to win.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: I do. Too much, maybe. But I think...
dialog: all the pressure... is... bad for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'm cool.
dialog: Lombardy has to say it, whatever the consequences.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: ...You need help.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What kind of help...? Oh. You mean
dialog: psychology. You think I need
dialog: psychological help?! You know who
dialog: invented that, right? The Jews. I
dialog: don't need anybody's help. I don't
dialog: need the Jews' help, I don't need
dialog: God's help. And I definitely don't
dialog: need your help, Father.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: When I call you, 'Father,' I think,
dialog: like, he's not my dad. Is that what
dialog: you think? That you're my Dad?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: I don't think I'm your dad, Bobby.
dialog: ee ee
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 76A.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You're not my dad because I don't
dialog: have one. You know what you are?
dialog: You're a loser. You couldn't beat
dialog: Spassky so why should I? You quit
dialog: so you want me to quit. Is that it,
dialog: Dad? You'll feel better if I turn
dialog: out to be a loser... LIKE YOU!
text: Lombardy stares at him, then starts out. Bobby is immediately
text: contrite.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Hey, I've been working on a new
dialog: variation on the Indian Defense,
dialog: wanna take a look?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Later.
text: In the hotel room, Marshall has overheard the tirade.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Love how you handle him.
text: Lombardy picks up his bag.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: We're not leaving for half an hour.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: (fighting back emotion)
dialog: ..-I'll...take a later flight.
text: He leaves. Bobby appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: He FH HK
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 77.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Where's he going?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
text: Jesus has left the building, pal.
dialog: We're on our own.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY AIRFIELD - GATE - MOSCOW 104
text: A Zil limo with a Soviet flag enters a military compound.
text: They're escorted by police cars with flashing lights.
text: In the back seat sits Boris, Geller at his side. A KGB guy
text: sits at his other shoulder. Boris looks like a prisoner.
scene_heading: EXT. JFK AIRPORT - CURBSIDE 105
text: A limo pulls to the curb. Marshall and the security guys
text: jump out. Then Bobby appears. He looks like a hunted animal.
scene_heading: INT. MOSCOW MILITARY AIRBASE 106
text: Boris is marched through the airbase. One KGB guy carries
text: his coat. Another carries his suitcase.
scene_heading: INT. JFK TERMINAL - UPSTAIRS HALL 107
text: Marshall, Lombardy and the security guys hustle Bobby through.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSCOW MILITARY AIRBASE 108
text: Boris boards an Aeroflot jet. Russian soldiers salute. Geller
text: salutes back but Boris just stares.
scene_heading: INT. JFK AIRPORT 109
text: Bobby and the others ride up an escalator.
text: AT THE TOP OF ESCALATOR 110
text: Suddenly JOURNALISTS spot Bobby...
speaker_heading: JFK JOURNALIST
dialog: There he is!
text: Bobby shoves Marshall aside, turns, and runs back down the
text: up escalator.
scene_heading: EXT. JFK AIRPORT 111
text: Bobby leaps into a taxi.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Drive, drive!!
speaker_heading: A112
dialog: 112
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13
text: Bobby sinks down out of sight as the cab pulls away. We
text: HOLD on his face, eyes darting, as we HEAR:
speaker_heading: JOHANNESON (V.O.)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, It is with
dialog: great pleasure that I welcome the
dialog: world to our little island--
scene_heading: EXT. REYKJAVIK (TO ESTABLISH)
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, REYKJAVIK, ICELAND
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: A112
dialog: 112
dialog: Caption: National Theater, Reykjavik, Iceland, July 1st 1972.
speaker_heading: JOHANNESSON
dialog: --for the most important sporting
dialog: event in history. Joining us today
dialog: are the distinguished Ambassador of
dialog: the Soviet Socialist Republic TBD,
dialog: and Ambassador Tremblay of the United
dialog: States of America.
text: A jostling crowd, news crews from around the world. The
text: crowd applauds the Icelandic Prime Minister, JOHANNESON. He
text: nods to US AMBASSADOR TREMBLAY and his Russian counterpart.
speaker_heading: JOHANNESSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Also the great match adjudicator
dialog: from the World Chess Federation,
dialog: Lothar Schmid...
speaker_heading: SCHMID
dialog: Thank you, Prime Minister. I am
dialog: honored, but confused. I was always
dialog: led to believe that chess needed two
dialog: people for a game. Unfortunately,
dialog: so far, we only have one.
text: Boris Spassky is sitting with Livo, Nei and Geller.
speaker_heading: SCHMID (CONT'D)
dialog: Happily, our Russian friends have
dialog: managed to get here on time. We are
dialog: indeed honored to have with us the
dialog: World Champion, comrade Boris Spassky.
text: Applause as Spassky smiles shyly and waves.
speaker_heading: SCHMID (CONT'D)
dialog: However... it seems our American
dialog: friends have managed to lose their
dialog: famous Mr Bobby Fischer...
text: He turns to US Ambassador Tremblay. The crowd boos.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 79.
speaker_heading: SCHMID (CONT'D)
dialog: One hopes they are not so careless
dialog: with their nuclear weapons.
text: The crowd laughs. The Soviet Ambassador smiles at Tremblay,
text: who whispers to an aide.
speaker_heading: TREMBLAY
dialog: Son of a bitch. Where is he?
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Mr. Ambassador, we have a problem.
speaker_heading: OMIT 113
scene_heading: INT. THE FISCHER APARTMENT - DAWN 114
text: As if frozen in time. Strips of aluminum hang from the
text: windows. Chessboards are set up but covered with dust.
text: Bobby sits alone at a chessboard.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, REYKJAVIK, ICELAND (DOC-STYLE) 115
text: US Ambassador Tremblay is waylaid by JOURNALISTS.
scene_heading: ICELANDIC JOURNALIST
dialog: Mr. Ambassador, is Bobby Fischer's
dialog: behavior affecting US/Icelandic
dialog: relations?
speaker_heading: ICELANDIC JOURNALIST #2 (V.O.)
dialog: There's talk of the Icelandic
dialog: Parliament asking for the removal of
dialog: the US Air Force base--
scene_heading: ICELANDIC JOURNALIST
dialog: Is it true Fischer has demanded two
dialog: million dollars to come to Reykjavik?
speaker_heading: TREMBLAY
dialog: I love chess. The world loves chess.
dialog: We are here to celebrate chess.
dialog: (to an aide)
dialog: Tell me Fischer is on a plane.
text: The aide looks like he's about to throw up.
speaker_heading: TREMBLAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Get him here! Even if you have to
dialog: use a damn tranquilizer dart.
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 80.
scene_heading: 116 INT. THE FISCHER APARTMENT - NIGHT 116
text: The apartment is in shadows. Bobby dials the phone.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Joanie, where the hell are you?
scene_heading: 117 INTERCUT - JOAN'S BEDROOM 117
text: Joan's in bed beside her sleeping husband.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Joanie?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Bobby, is that you? Where are you?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: .--I'm here.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: In Iceland?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: No. Here. Home.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: You're in New York?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Had to get away from them...
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Bobby, are you okay?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: The whole world is pulling at me,
dialog: Joanie.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Stay there, baby. I'11 come in.
text: He's a lonely little boy in a scary world.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: ...-They're asking me questions, making
dialog: me do stuff. So many people.
dialog: Crowding me. I can't think, I can't
dialog: think about chess.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I'm coming now. You stay there.
text: Bobby HEARS a CLICKING on the phone.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You hear that? They're listening.
dialog: They're always listening...
text: At that moment there is a heavy KNOCK on the apartment door.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: They're HERE! They're coming to get
dialog: me, Joanie!
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh, Bobby....
text: The KNOCKING gets heavier. Someone is breaking down the door.
text: Bobby whimpers. Finally the door flies open and Marshall
text: enters, accompanied by two HEAVIES we haven't seen before.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Hey, pal, we were worried about you.
text: Bobby confronts them with fists clenched. Marshall gently
text: closes the door and gives a slip of paper to one of his men.
text: The guy goes to Bobby's phone and begins to dial.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey! You pay for that call!
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby, why'd you run away?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (a speed rap)
dialog: I changed my mind the money's no
dialog: good they're charging five bucks a
dialog: ticket the hall holds eleven hundred,
dialog: twenty-four games max...that's 132
dialog: grand! They should be paying me
dialog: more we're capitalists, right?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Big news. Just got us an extra 125K.
text: It's like Marshall is gentling an escaped animal.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Some English chess nut. Wants to
dialog: see you play so bad.
text: The guy on the phone nods, holds up the receiver.
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 82.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: But it's not just me who wants you
dialog: to play, Bobby. There's someone on
dialog: the phone wants to speak to you.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: My mom?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Better. Henry Fucking Kissinger.
text: Bobby stares at the phone in disbelief.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Henry Kissinger! On your phone. In
dialog: Brooklyn! Pretty amazing, huh?
text: Marshall gently takes the phone and offers it to Bobby.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You're joking me.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Wants to speak to you on behalf of
dialog: the President.
text: Bobby looks around where the Communist Party used to meet.
text: He thinks he sees the banner hanging as it once did.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: All these years you've been talking
dialog: about America. Now you are America.
dialog: Take the phone.
text: Bobby takes the phone and puts it to his ear.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, Bobby Fischer...
text: Bobby takes a breath, almost sobs.
speaker_heading: KISSINGER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the worst chess player in
dialog: the world talking to the best. The
dialog: President and I want you to do your
dialog: duty for your country. What do you
dialog: say?
text: Bobby is at a loss for a moment. Then focuses.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I guess I'll go do my duty. Sir.
text: 70's ROCK MUSIC KICKS IN.
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 83.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. FISCHER APARTMENT, NIGHT (MUSIC CONT OVER) 118
text: Marshall emerges, checks the street. A bread van is parked
text: nearby. Two heavies emerge on hurry him into the van..
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
text: No limos. We travel in disguise.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I will accept one seven five US.
dialog: That's the deal, right? Half in cash.
text: The doors SLAM shut and the bread van roars away.
scene_heading: A119 EXT. MANHATTAN TUNNEL (2ND UNIT) A119
text: The van heads toward JFK.
speaker_heading: BBC ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: This is the BBC World Service.
dialog: American chess Grandmaster, Bobby
dialog: Fischer, is believed to be finally
dialog: on his way to Iceland for--
text: The announcement becomes an Italian broadcaster...
speaker_heading: ITALIAN ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: --his match with Boris Spassky.
text: It becomes a CACOPHONY of radio commentary in various
text: languages that Bobby is on his way.
speaker_heading: 119 OMIT 119
speaker_heading: 120 OMIT 120
scene_heading: 121 INTERCUT: MAN-ON-STREET INTERVIEWS: (MUSIC CONT OVER) 121
speaker_heading: A BUS DRIVER
dialog: Fischer is to chess what Ali is to
dialog: boxing. I love him.
scene_heading: A LONG-HAIRED HIPPIE
dialog: --Least there's one reason to feel
dialog: good about America, you hear me?
scene_heading: 122 INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB - SAME (MUSIC CONT OVER) 122
text: Father Lombardy watches a small TV, his emotions roiling.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 84.
scene_heading: INT. JFK AIRPORT BAGGAGE TUNNEL(MUSIC CONT OVER) 123
text: Men in dark suits escort Bobby as he steps out of the van.
scene_heading: INT. REGINA'S MOSCOW APARTMENT - DAY (MUSIC CONT OVER) 124
text: On a black-and-white TV, a grainy image of Bobby emerging at
text: Reykjavik airport. Regina is watching. The announcer is
dialog: Russian but we recognize the name 'Bobby Fischer."
scene_heading: INTERCUT - A MONTAGE OF NEWS COMMENTATORS (MUSIC CONT OVER) 125
dialog: John Chancellor, Walter Cronkite, Harry Reasoner -- all in
text: breathless anticipation of the match.
scene_heading: A TV SOUNDBITE (MUSIC CONT OVER) 126
text: As Bobby arrives in Reykjavik.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: This thing with me and Spassky.
dialog: Instead of bombs we're having it out
text: with little pieces of ivory.
scene_heading: EXT. ICELAND - DAY (MUSIC CONT. OVER) 127
text: A police car speeds down empty Icelandic roads. Bobby sits
text: in the back with Marshall, staring out at the bleak landscape.
text: They arrive at the same house we saw in the opening shot.
scene_heading: INT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE (MUSIC CONT. OVER) 128
text: Bobby enters, takes in the beautiful decor.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Five bedrooms. Pick any one you
dialog: want. Place even has a sauna.
text: Bobby is incredulous....and moved.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: This is the first house I ever lived
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - TV SOUNDBITES - ARCHIVAL - (MUSIC CONT OVER) 129
text: CBS News is all over it.
speaker_heading: ERIC SEVAREID (on TV)
text: A chess craze is sweeping the nation.
dialog: Sales of chess sets have tripled in
dialog: the past weeks and stores literally
dialog: can't keep them in stock...
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 85.
scene_heading: 130 VARIOUS IMAGES - ARCHIVAL - (MUSIC CONT OVER) 130
text: Kids playing chess at home, in schools, in the park.
scene_heading: 131 INT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE, BOBBY'S BEDROOM 131
text: Bobby is on his knees searching for listening devices. A
text: gentle knock on the door and Lombardy enters.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey, they said you weren't coming.
text: Bobby looks wired, sleepless -- but his vulnerability is so
text: compelling. Lombardy is full of emotion but he covers it.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: I'm your second.
text: They look at each other. Three years have forged a deep
text: bond between them.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Thank you. Father.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Anything I can get you, Bobby?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah. Help me check for bugs. These
dialog: cheaters'1l do anything to get me.
scene_heading: 132 INT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE, LIVING ROOM 132
text: Marshall is signing contracts when Lombardy enters.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Couldn't stay away, huh? I get it.
text: Yankees are playing for the pennant
dialog: and you've got a front row seat.
text: Lombardy just looks at him.
dialog: *
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
speaker_heading: A135
speaker_heading: B135
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 86.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: A billion people around the world
text: watching two guys play chess.
dialog: President Nixon has had a TV put in
dialog: the Oval Office.
dialog: (lights a cigarette)
dialog: World War III on a chessboard. We
dialog: lost China. We're losing Vietnam.
dialog: We have to win this one.
scene_heading: EXT. NATIONAL THEATER, REYKJAVIK, ICELAND
dialog: TV CREWS report in their own languages. The only words we
dialog: understand are 'Bobby Fischer' and 'Boris Spassky'...
text: Caption: July 11th 1972. Game One.
speaker_heading: ABC COMMENTATOR
dialog: This is ABC's Wide World of Sports
dialog: bringing you live coverage of the
dialog: World Championship of Chess...
text: Boris Spassky arrives, looking relaxed. News cameras shoot
text: him as he steps out to cheers. No sign of Bobby.
speaker_heading: ABC COMMENTATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Best of 24 games. Each win is worth
dialog: a point, each draw is half-a-point --
dialog: the chess version of a fifteen round
dialog: heavyweight prize fight.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING HALL
text: Utter stillness.
text: Schmid -- the adjudicator -- looks at the big clock above
dialog: the stage.
text: Boris sits erect in his chair, refusing to be psyched out.
text: The crowd is growing restless and SLOW HAND CLAPPING begins...
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: As Bobby approaches the stage, the SOUND of CLAPPING grows
text: louder. He stops.
speaker_heading: ON THE STAGE
text: FLASHBULBS signal Bobby's entrance! Some applause, some
text: boos. As Bobby strides across the stage, Spassky holds out
text: his hand but Bobby walks right past him. He greets Schmid,
text: then waves to the crowd.
dialog: 133
dialog: 134*
speaker_heading: A135
speaker_heading: B135
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 86A.
text: Then Bobby seems to notice Spassky for the first time, smiles.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Boris!
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 87.
text: He lurches over, sticks out a hand.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: How ya been? Good? You look good.
text: Spassky is wrong-footed. Doesn't know if he's being fucked
text: with. A BLIZZARD of FLASHBULBS as they shake.
speaker_heading: SCHMID
dialog: Now we come together for the drawing
dialog: of the colors.
text: Boris takes two pawns, black and white, in his closed fists.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: Choose...
text: We now follow the word 'choose' as it travels West.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN CHESS CLUB, NEW YORK CITY 135
text: Carmine and others watch raptly.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: Choose...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE, OVAL OFFICE, WASHINGTON 136
text: Through a half open door, we see the backs of the President
text: and his advisers watching TV...
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: Choose...
scene_heading: INT. KREMLIN, PRESIDENTIAL SANCTUM, MOSCOW 137
text: President Brezhnev is watching as well...
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: Choose...
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING HALL, STAGE 138
text: Close on Boris's hand opening in SLOW-MOTION.
speaker_heading: SCHMID
dialog: Mr Fischer chose black. Mr Spassky
dialog: will begin.
text: Bobby and Boris's eyes meet. The applause crescendos.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING HALL, STAGE 139
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
speaker_heading: A142
speaker_heading: B142
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 88.
text: Bobby and Spassky sit absolutely still. Fischer's thumb and
text: forefinger push his lips into a contemplative grimace.
text: Boris moves his Knight to King's Bishop Four.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, VIEWING GALLERY
text: The advisers look down on the stage. Bobby makes his move.
text: A whisper passes among them. Lombardy makes a note.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING HALL, STAGE
text: TIME-CUT. A large SCREEN above the stage shows the moves.
text: Bobby studies the board.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, VIEWING GALLERY
text: Lombardy and Marshall stand together.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: So far, so good...
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: They're both following the Nizmo. A
dialog: draw in the opening game is fine.
text: BACK TO THE STAGE
text: Behind him, Bobby hears an official shift his weight. A
text: piece of paper CRINKLES in his hand.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Could you hush...
text: The official looks puzzled. Bobby tries to concentrate.
text: A few COUGHS. Bobby looks at the audience and imitates a
text: particular cough viciously. A few sniggers.
text: Then... a low BUZZING, WHIRRING noise from behind him.
scene_heading: BOBBY'S PERCEPTION
text: The sound of A CAMERA is like the rip of a buzz saw. An
text: electrical panel BUZZES. The COUGHS of the audience are
text: magnified as if in a TB ward.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING HALL, STAGE
text: Back to normal sound. Bobby tries to concentrate. Can't.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What IS that?
text: Boris slumps back in his seat. Some eyes roll.
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
speaker_heading: A142
speaker_heading: B142
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 88A.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: That buzz buzz buzz...
text: Schmid cocks an ear.
speaker_heading: SCHMID
text: It is just a camera.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Buzz, buzz, buzz. Jesus.
text: Bobby gets to his feet and begins to pace. The crowd begins
text: to WHISPER. He turns on them...
dialog: 144
speaker_heading: A145
dialog: 145
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 89.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Could you all shut up? Could everyone
dialog: stop?
text: Silence. Then a deliberate cough from some teenager.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: JESUS!
dialog: (to Schmid)
text: Coughing, buzzing lights. Cameras
text: everywhere. I can hear them rolling.
dialog: You're gonna have to do something...
text: A couple of people in the crowd dare to boo.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, VIEWING GALLERY 144
text: Lombardy and Marshall share a look. An inauspicious
text: beginning. Nei turns to Geller.
speaker_heading: GELLER
text: He is deliberately trying to unsettle
dialog: Boris. Help him.
text: Lombardy sees Nei leaving and decides he too must go down.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, STAIRCASE A145
text: Lombardy and Nei race down the steps, two at a time.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING HALL 145
text: Nei is speaking to Schmid. *
text: Bobby looks out at the sea of staring faces.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We have to get rid of the cameras.
dialog: (points to a curtain)
dialog: Behind there. I can hear them...
speaker_heading: SCHMID *
dialog: They are just TV cameras. *
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: And there's something wrong with the
dialog: lights....
dialog: (looks at the board)
text: It's too dark...I can't see what
dialog: anything is.
text: He looks out into the darkness. *
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 90.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: And the audience.
speaker_heading: SCHMID
dialog: What's wrong with the audience?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: They gotta move back.
text: Then Spassky abruptly makes his move.
speaker_heading: SCHMID
text: Mr. Spassky has made his move.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: And up there... You don't hear what
dialog: I do...
text: Lombardy looks up into the lights. Hears nothing.
scene_heading: 146 BOBBY'S PERCEPTION
text: The buzzing of FLORESCENT LIGHTS sounds like a SWARM OF WASPS.
scene_heading: 147 INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING HALL, STAGE
text: Bobby swings his arms around, trying to shake it off. Finally
text: he returns to his seat. Spassky studies him dispassionately.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: You don't look so good Robert James...
text: Bobby lowers his head, looks back to the board...
speaker_heading: 148 OMITTED
speaker_heading: 149 OMITTED
dialog: 146*
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 91.
scene_heading: 150 INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING STAGE 150
text: Bobby tries to concentrate.
text: A chair SCRAPES.
text: He looks up, distracted. Looks back at the board.
text: The SOUND of someone TALKING in the audience.
text: He looks up again.
text: With each distraction, Bobby is more unsettled. A cough
text: SOUNDS like a CANNON, a squeak is a SCREAM.
text: Bobby's eyes dart furtively. He reaches for a piece.
scene_heading: 151 INT. NATIONAL THEATER, VIEWING GALLERY 151
text: Lombardy returns to the gallery as Bobby moves his Bishop.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
text: He's inviting Spassky to exchange.
dialog: (studies his notes)
dialog: I hope to God this is a trap.
text: Spassky makes his move. The Russian advisers all scribble.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY (CONT'D)
text: Spassky's taking the invitation.
scene_heading: 152 INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING HALL, STAGE 152
text: Bobby is in the throes of a full-fledged anxiety attack.
text: His heart is pounding, his breathing ragged.
text: Spassky knows it. He is a vulture attending his prey.
text: Bobby is a slow-motion train wreck. The distractions begin
text: to profliferate -- each one EXAGGERATED, the sound MAGNIFIED.
text: A SERIES of rapid CUTS -- like a deck of cards shuffling.
text: Bobby is fighting for his life. He can't take it a moment
text: more. He reaches out to make a move...
scene_heading: 153 INT. NATIONAL THEATER, VIEWING GALLERY 153
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Ah shit....
scene_heading: 154 INT. NATIONAL THEATER 154
text: We SEE the move on the large board. A GASP from the crowd.
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
speaker_heading: A160
dialog: 160
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 92.
speaker_heading: ABC COMMENTATOR *
dialog: That move will hit the front page of *
dialog: every newspaper in the world tomorrow
scene_heading: IN BROOKLYN 155*
text: Carmine closes his eyes.
scene_heading: IN LONG ISLAND 156
text: Joan shakes her head.
speaker_heading: IN MOSCOW 157
text: Regina clutches her chair.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: -- Because Bobby Fischer has made a
dialog: huge mistake....
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING HALL 158
text: Suddenly, onstage, Bobby leaps to his feet...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I can still hear the cameras!
dialog: (turns to the curtain)
dialog: I want these people out of here...
text: Bobby YANKS the curtain and drags two TV cameramen, blinking,
text: into the light. The crowd begins to laugh, others jeer.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: They were whispering! !
text: The crowd begins to BOO and then slow hand clap.
speaker_heading: SCHMID
dialog: ...first game goes to...Boris Spassky.
text: The SCOREBOARD reads: Spassky 1 Fischer 0.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, BEHIND THE STAGE 159
text: Bobby stalks away in a fury. He heads downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, STAIRWAY A160
text: Marshall and Lombardy race downstairs to catch up to him.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PING PONG ROOM 160
text: Marshall and Lombardy manage to catch up to Bobby in a small
text: room used as a recreation area: a drinks machine and a ping
text: pong table. Suddenly the noise of the auditorium disappears.
speaker_heading: Al61
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
speaker_heading: A163
dialog: 163
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 93.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: It's just one game. One point.
dialog: You'll take him tomorrow. Twelve-
dialog: and-a-half points is a long match.
text: Bobby is breathing hard -- but then he stops and looks around.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
text: The reporters will go after Spassky.
dialog: We can slip out another way...
text: Bobby is staring around in wonder -- studying the bare walls.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby? Are you okay?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: It's quiet in here.
text: Marshall and Lombardy look at each other. They think Bobby
dialog: is being crazy. Later we will learn he has just found the
dialog: answer to his problems.
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE, OVAL OFFICE Al61
text: Watching TV, the President throws his pencil in anger...
scene_heading: EXT. NATIONAL THEATER - NIGHT 161
text: Boris Spassky leaves to a hero's reception. Some wave Soviet
text: flags. The crows push against the glass as they pull away.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 162
scene_heading: EXT. REYKJAVIK STREET - NIGHT (SECOND UNIT) A163
text: Bobby's car heads home.
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S CAR - SAME (POOR MAN'S PROCESS) 163
text: Bobby, Lombardy and Marshall ride in silence. When Bobby
text: speaks, it is oddly detached, as if talking to himself.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: The board. When I look at it, I see
dialog: nothing. It's always been...I don't
dialog: know...alive.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: With that move, I tried to make it
dialog: come alive. I thought...maybe I could
dialog: make it...alive again. Jolt it.
dialog: It's never happened before. I don't
dialog: get it........
text: He closes his eyes. Lombardy and Marshall look at each other.
speaker_heading: A164
dialog: 164
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 93A.
scene_heading: EXT. REYKJAVIK STREET - NIGHT (2ND UNIT) A164
text: Boris' limo heads home.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO, TRAVELING (POOR MAN'S PROCESS) 164
text: Boris and Nei settle into their seats and the car pulls away.
text: Boris removes his sunglasses. He looks deeply weary.
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 94,
speaker_heading: NEI
text: He broke apart at the first hard
dialog: blow.
speaker_heading: BORIS
text: He shot himself in the the head.
dialog: For no reason.
speaker_heading: NEI
dialog: You loaded the gun.
text: Boris stares thoughtfully out of the window.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: My chess teacher taught me....A man
text: who is prepared to commit suicide
dialog: always has the initiative.
scene_heading: 165 INT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE, HALLWAY 165
text: Lombardy brings Bobby a dinner tray. As he enters, we HEAR
text: another RECORDING of The Worldwide Church of God.
speaker_heading: CULT PREACHER (0.S.)
dialog: ...We know the truth of history,
dialog: friend, you and I. We see them
text: everywhere, working through their
dialog: banks and corporations, through
dialog: politics and the media...
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: You should be preparing for tomorrow
dialog: instead of listening to this garbage.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You really don't get it, do you?
dialog: This isn't about me, or Spassky, or
dialog: even Russia and America. This is
dialog: about power, absolute global power.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Bobby--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You think they care about chess --
text: wooden pieces on a board?
dialog: (his eyes are wild)
dialog: They run everything. Behind the
dialog: scenes, pulling strings in secret!
dialog: Now I know who they are.
text: Marshall has entered during Bobby's rant.
dialog: 166
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 95.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Who? Who runs things?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: He's talking about the Jews.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: The Jews? What about the Jews?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: They've been there from when I started
dialog: playing. They've always been there.
text: Lombardy shakes his head and walks out.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: You got your ass handed to you today.
dialog: If you don't get your head in the
dialog: game, you're going to be humiliated
text: in front of a billion people.
text: Bobby is madly scribbling something, hands it to Marshall.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Give them this.
text: He ushers Marshall out and slams the door.
scene_heading: INT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE, LIVING ROOM
text: Lombardy is studying Bobby's disastrous move in Game One as
text: Marshall enters.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: What he did today makes no sense...
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: (hands him the note)
dialog: Unless the rest of the games are
dialog: played without an audience and without
text: cameras he isn't going to show up.
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 96.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY *
dialog: (reading the note) *
dialog: He'll only continue if the games are *
dialog: played--
dialog: (a disbelieving pause)
dialog: --in the ping pong room...??????
speaker_heading: MARSHALL *
dialog: He says it's the only place that's
dialog: quiet.
text: He looks up at the ceiling. We HEAR the muffled recording.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: And he wants a different board. *
dialog: Says the marble makes too much noise *
text: when he sets the pieces down. Shit.
dialog: Shit. Shit. The kid has the world
text: in the palm of his hand and he's
text: throwing it all away.
dialog: (thinks )
dialog: It's like you said about Morphy.
text: Chess is destroying his brain.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Chess isn't destroying Bobby. *
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Then why the crazy demands? It's
dialog: like he wants them to say no. I
dialog: think he's afraid of what happens if
dialog: he loses.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: I think he's afraid of what happens
dialog: if he wins.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING HALL 167
text: The audience sits in stunned silence.
text: Boris steps onstage but there is no applause. He sits down
text: at the chess table. Bobby's seat is empty.
dialog: Caption: Game Two.
scene_heading: EXT. ICELANDIC HILLS 168
text: A pastoral idyll. We find Bobby playing around, laughing
text: with an Icelandic pony. He runs with it, strokes its mane.
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING HALL
text: Boris sits perfectly still. Schmid hits the clock and the
text: COUNTDOWN to Bobby's forfeit begins. The audience doesn't
dialog: move a muscle.
text: Suddenly the door to the auditorium OPENS and all heads turn.
text: But it is only a match official who freezes in his tracks.
text: The clock TICKS.
scene_heading: EXT. ICELANDIC HILLS
text: Bobby rides his bike through the hills. It's the most
dialog: carefree we've ever seen him.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PLAYING STAGE
text: Boris's clock hits zero. A sigh from the audience.
speaker_heading: SCHMID
dialog: Mr Fischer failed to show. Mr Spassky
text: wins by forfeit.
text: The SCOREBOARD changes to: Spassky 2 Fischer 0.
text: Schmid reads from a typed sheet.
speaker_heading: SCHMID (CONT'D)
dialog: According to Federation rules, Mr
dialog: Fischer has 24 hours to indicate in
dialog: writing that he wishes to continue.
scene_heading: EXT. ICELANDIC HILLS
text: Bobby is on his knees. A pony comes and licks his hand.
text: Bobby checks his watch...
speaker_heading: SCHMID (V.0.)
dialog: Otherwise, Mr Fischer will be
dialog: disqualified and Mr Spassky will be
dialog: declared World Champion.
scene_heading: INT. SAGA HOTEL, BORIS SPASSKY'S ROOM - LATER
text: Spassky is alone -- pacing -- listening to radio commentary.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: What a disappointing turn. Experts
dialog: are saying the match is Spassky's,
dialog: regardless of what happens now --
text: Livo Nei enters, carrying a bottle of champagne.
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
scene_heading: Pink Revision 10-01-13 98.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANCHOR (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: --a two point advantage is considered
text: practically insurmountable.
text: A message card is tied to the bottle. Nei reads it aloud.
speaker_heading: NEI
text: From Comrade Brezhnev. He sends
dialog: congratulations on your victory.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: Victory?
text: Nei opens the bottle and pours two glasses.
speaker_heading: NEI
dialog: If Comrade Brezhnev says it is a
dialog: victory--
dialog: (toasts)
dialog: -- it is a victory.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE (REPEATED SCENE) 174
dialog: We repeat the scene that opened the movie --
text: The granite house at dawn. The police car approaching.
scene_heading: INT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE, BOBBY'S BEDROOM - DAWN 175
text: The scene continues where it left off:
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby, please...get dressed, comb
dialog: your hair.
text: A long pause. Finally, Bobby looks up at Marshall.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Ping pong.
text: Marshall's face turns to stone.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I will report your words to the
dialog: President of the United States. You
dialog: have betrayed your country. May you
dialog: rot in hell you crazy son of a bitch.
text: Marshall leaves. Bobby looks...almost content.
scene_heading: INT. SAGA HOTEL, BORIS'S ROOM - EARLY MORNING 176
text: Boris is pacing, playing six boards at once. He wears
text: pajamas. In his anxiety and fast movement he resembles Bobby.
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: Blue Revision 9-24-13 99.
speaker_heading: BBC ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: The world chess championship looks
dialog: to be ending in humiliation for the
dialog: American, Bobby Fischer, whose demands
dialog: that the game be held in a store
dialog: room have led to widespread ridicule.
text: Boris checks his watch.
scene_heading: INT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE, OUTSIDE BOBBY'S BEDROOM 177
text: Marshall holds a stack of telexes. He knocks.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I have messages from a million people
dialog: all over the world who want you to
dialog: open this door.
text: Silence. Marshall kneels and shoves them under the door.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: You still have two-and-a-half hours.
text: No reply. Marshall opens the door. Bobby is gone.
scene_heading: INT. SAGA HOTEL, BORIS'S ROOM 178
text: Boris prowls from chess game to chess game, he stops and
text: stares at the empty chair on the other side of the chessboard.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: I know exactly what game you are
dialog: playing and I will not let you win.
text: Boris begins to speak to the walls and the furniture.
speaker_heading: BORIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I cannot win this way.
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: I know you are listening. You are
dialog: always listening.
text: He approaches the wardrobe and speaks with formality.
speaker_heading: BORIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr Bubnov, Mr Geller, General
dialog: Secretary Brezhnev, I know your
dialog: listening devices can hear me.
text: He suddenly HURLS a chess table across the room.
speaker_heading: BORIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I WILL NOT WIN THIS WAY...DO YOU
dialog: HEAR ME--!!
dialog: 100.
text: After a moment, a KNOCK at the door. Boris half smiles to
text: himself. It is Geller, also in pajamas.
speaker_heading: GELLER
dialog: Is everything okay?
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: What makes you think it isn't?
speaker_heading: GELLER (DEFENSIVE)
dialog: I heard you through the wall.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: I have made a decision... If I don't
dialog: beat him, he will escape from this
text: island in one piece.
text: Geller picks up the overturned table.
speaker_heading: GELLER
dialog: It's not your fault the American is
dialog: insane...
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: He is NOT insane!
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: If you think that, he has fooled you
dialog: the way he has fooled everyone else.
text: Boris begins to pace. His manic energy resembles Bobby's.
speaker_heading: BORIS (CONT'D)
dialog: He knows if we play I will destroy
dialog: him. Crush him. So he uses madness
dialog: as an excuse to avoid the inevitable.
dialog: I will not let him slip from my grasp.
dialog: I have him pinned. I am two games
dialog: ahead.
dialog: (yells)
dialog: I HAVE HIM!
text: Boris starts to unbutton his pajama top.
speaker_heading: BORIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Get a message to Fischer. Now. This
dialog: minute.
text: He tears his shirt off and throws it onto the bed.
speaker_heading: BORIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I will play him in the ping pong
dialog: room. I will play him in the toilet
dialog: if he likes. He will not escape!
text: Boris stares at Geller with steely resolve.
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 101.
speaker_heading: BORIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell him.
scene_heading: EXT. ICELANDIC LANDSCAPE
text: An old bicycle on the ground. An Icelandic police car
text: approaches at speed. Marshall climbs out, cups his hands.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby!!! !
scene_heading: EXT. ICELANDIC MOORLAND
text: Bobby is tossing pebbles into the water. He hears Marshall.
scene_heading: EXT. ICELANDIC MOORLAND
text: Marshall is still yelling as Bobby appears over the hill.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Bobby!! You won't believe it!
dialog: Spassky has agreed to play in the
dialog: ping pong room!
text: Bobby picks up the bicycle and Marshall fears the worst.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Where the hell are you going?
text: Bobby casually begins to cycle away down the empty road.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: To the ping pong room.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, CORRIDOR
text: Lombardy, Marshall, and Bobby are walking fast backstage.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: We've got two minutes.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PING PONG ROOM
text: The ping pong table and drinks machine have been removed.
text: In the center is a simple table.
text: Geller, Nei, and Boris enter. Schmid checks his watch.
speaker_heading: SCHMID
dialog: If he is even one minute late, I
dialog: will fine him.
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
speaker_heading: A185
speaker_heading: B185
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 102.
text: Then Bobby enters -- wearing a sharp suit. He immediately *
text: goes and sits down in his seat at the table. *
text: Schmid gestures to Marshall, Lombardy, Geller and Nei.
speaker_heading: SCHMID (CONT'D)
dialog: Gentlemen...
text: He is asking them to leave. They do. *
speaker_heading: SCHMID (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: Perhaps you would be gracious enough
dialog: to thank Mr Spassky for acquiescing
dialog: to your demands.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'm so grateful I'm going to let him
dialog: watch me play.
text: Spassky understands enough English to understand. He smiles.
text: Schmid points to a small camera in the corner.
speaker_heading: SCHMID
text: Only one camera. It does not move.
dialog: It makes no sound. It will relay
text: pictures to TV sets in every corner
dialog: of the earth.
dialog: (a frozen smile)
dialog: So please, gentlemen, if can we
dialog: remember...the world is watching.
text: As Bobby looks around, a slow, satisfied SMILE begins to
text: soften his face as he revels in the stillness. It is quiet.
scene_heading: INT. VIEWING GALLERY A185
text: Lombardy turns to Marshall.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: ..-Did Nixon really call you?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: (an inscrutable smile)
dialog: Game's starting...
scene_heading: INT. PING PONG ROOM B185
text: Bobby reaches out to make his first move. D4.
dialog: Caption: Game Three
text: Boris reacts to the move, looks up at Bobby, unsettled. *
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 102A.
scene_heading: 185 INT. NATIONAL THEATER, VIEWING GALLERY
text: Nei and Geller are stupefied.
speaker_heading: NEI
dialog: What is he doing? He's never played
dialog: this opening before.
text: Marshall sees their reaction.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
text: He's playing the Benoni. Black.
text: Two games behind. It's suicide.
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13 103.
text: IN THE PING PONG ROOM
text: Spassky moves: Pawn to Q5. Bobby captures: Pawn takes Pawn.
text: Spassky counters. Pawn takes Pawn.
scene_heading: IN THE VIEWING GALLERY
text: Bobby plays Pawn to Q3. Spassky responds Knight to B3.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
text: He's giving him the center of the
dialog: board...
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Oh, Bobby...
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN DINER
text: A hand-written sign reads...'Bobby Fischer sat here, 1961'.
text: The crowd watches a grainy image of Bobby and Boris on TV.
text: Bobby makes a move. The crowd cheers. A voice from the back.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: What the hell are we cheering? We
dialog: don't know if it's good or bad.
text: The crowd all turn and hush him.
scene_heading: TIME CUT -- THE PING PONG ROOM
text: Bobby and Boris exchange pieces -- a Rook for a Bishop.
text: Then Bobby does the unthinkable -- he exposes his Queen.
scene_heading: IN THE VIEWING GALLERY
text: Marshall is speechless. Lombardy is incredulous and bemused.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: What the hell--?
text: Geller and Nei look on, hungrily.
speaker_heading: GELLER
dialog: Take it, Boris. Take it.
text: IN THE PING PONG ROOM
text: Spassky is clearly unnerved. He senses a trap but cannot
text: see it. Bobby's queen sits exposed -- his for the taking.
dialog: 186*
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 104.
text: He looks up at Bobby, who smiles inscrutably.
text: Finally, Boris cannot resist. He takes the queen.
scene_heading: IN THE VIEWING GALLERY 192
speaker_heading: NEI
dialog: YES!
text: IN THE PING PONG ROOM 193
text: Bobby immediately counters -- taking Spassky's Bishop. This
text: precipitates A BLOODBATH: piece after piece is taken ina
text: vicious chess version of a knife fight.
text: Finally, the smoke clears and both men study the carnage.
scene_heading: INT. 'FOUR CONTINENTS' RUSSIAN BOOK STORE -- BROOKLYN 194
text: The clerk and her husband are glued to the TV.
speaker_heading: BOOKSTORE CLERK
dialog: A draw.
scene_heading: IN THE VIEWING GALLERY 195
speaker_heading: GELLER
dialog: A draw is good. We are ahead.
scene_heading: IN THE PING PONG ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 196
text: Spassky studies the board. Looks up at Bobby.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: (in English)
dialog: You accept a draw?
text: Bobby slowly shakes his head. No draw.
text: Slowly, almost sadistically, he reaches out and makes a move.
text: Spassky goes white.
scene_heading: IN THE VIEWING GALLERY 197
text: They watch as Spassky makes a move -- which Bobby immediately
text: counters. Another move. Another counter. Bobby is now
text: bullying Spassky across the board.
text: Geller and Nei are becoming increasingly upset.
text: IN THE PING PONG ROOM 198
text: Spassky studies the looming endgame, his face withering.
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 105.
scene_heading: 199 INT. 'FOUR CONTINENTS' RUSSIAN BOOKSTORE - BROOKLYN 199
speaker_heading: BOOKSTORE OWNER
text: It seems the strange little boy has
dialog: done it.
scene_heading: 200 IN THE VIEWING GALLERY 200
text: Lombardy looks over at Geller and Nei, smiles sweetly.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: He hates draws.
scene_heading: 201 IN THE PING PONG ROOM 201
text: After an agonizing moment, Spassky knocks over his King.
text: The SCOREBOARD changes to: Spassky 2 Fischer 1.
scene_heading: 202 EXT. TIMES SQUARE (ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE W/VFX) 202
text: The electronic newsboard announces "BOBBY FISCHER WINS GAME
text: THREE." Taxis HONK.
speaker_heading: RADIO COMMENTATOR (0.S.)
dialog: -- the first time Fischer has ever
dialog: won a game from Spassky.
scene_heading: 203 INT. COUNTRY HOUSE - NIGHT 203
text: Lombardy is asleep when he HEARS a strange SOUND and sits up
text: in bed. He checks his watch. It's 3:30 am.
text: He walks down the hall. A light SPILLS from under Bobby's
text: door. From inside, the SOUND is much clearer now:
scene_heading: SLAP. SLAP. SLAP.
text: Bobby has been up all night playing chess alone.
scene_heading: 204 INT. SANTA MONICA MOTEL, OFFICE 204
text: The Motel clerk and Donna stare at his TV screen.
dialog: Caption: Game Four
text: A businessman enters. The Motel clerk is totally engrossed.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: MOTEL CLERK
dialog: (to Donna)
dialog: Spassky took Bobby's Bishop.
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 105A.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: So what? I took his virginity.
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 106.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Wait, wait... Bobby's making a move.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Excuse me...They drew game four last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: We know, asshole. We're watching the
dialog: re-run.
text: The SCOREBOARD now reads: Spassky 2 1/2 Fischer 1 1/2
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The middle of the night again. A SINGLE LIGHT burns in the
text: upper window we know to be Bobby's.
text: And we HEAR a faint but now familiar sound...
scene_heading: SLAP. SLAP. SLAP.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PING PONG ROOM - NEXT DAY
text: Bobby and Boris take their seats.
dialog: Caption: Game Five
scene_heading: INT. MOSCOW APARTMENT - DAY
text: Cigarette smoke swirls. We reveal Regina watching, smoking.
text: On her black-and-white TV, Boris stands and begin to pace.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PING PONG ROOM - SAME
text: Boris wanders the tiny room, unnerved. He meets Bobby's
text: stare -- as if the two are alone in a prison cell.
text: Boris sits down without taking his eyes from Bobby. Bobby is
text: implacable now, totally focused.
text: Boris turns to Schmid, who is dozing in his chair.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: (Schmid stirs)
dialog: There is something coming from my
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: SCHMID
dialog: Your chair?
speaker_heading: BORIS
text: It is a vibration.
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
speaker_heading: A211
dialog: 211
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 107.
speaker_heading: SCHMID
dialog: A what?
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, VIEWING GALLERY 209
text: Geller and Nei huddle in front of a black and white monitor.
text: On the screen, Boris is on his knees, examining his chair.
speaker_heading: GELLER
dialog: What the hell is he doing? Praying?
text: Nei glances over at Lombardy, who looks up with a smile as
dialog: if to say, 'Welcome to my life."
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, PING PONG ROOM 210
text: Boris is kneeling, examining the steel tube legs of his chair.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: A sound of some kind -- maybe high
dialog: frequency, I don't know...it is
dialog: affecting my concentration...
text: Boris glances at Bobby, who is staring at him impassively.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Buzz, buzz.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER A211
speaker_heading: SCHMID
text: Game 5 goes to Mr. Bobby Fischer.
text: The SCOREBOARD changes to: Spassky 2 1/2 Fischer 2 1/2
text: Cheers now for Bobby.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, BACK STAGE, CORRIDOR 211
text: Boris marches away in a fury, his entourage in pursuit.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: ...It is coming from the chair!
text: Geller and Nei don't know how to respond.
speaker_heading: BORIS (CONT'D)
dialog: It was making a SOUND...!
text: Boris sees their skepticism.
speaker_heading: BORIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you never heard of Watergate?
dialog: You know what the CIA is capable of?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 107A.
speaker_heading: BORIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (stomps off)
dialog: I want this chair X-rayed!
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 108.
scene_heading: INT. REYKJAVIK HOSPITAL, X-RAY ROOM, LIGHT BOX 212
text: Boris studies the x-rays while Livo Nei studies Boris.
speaker_heading: BORIS
dialog: Do not let them swap it. Do not let
dialog: this chair out of your sight.
text: Boris storms out. Geller whispers to Nei.
speaker_heading: GELLER
dialog: The American son of a bitch has driven
dialog: us all crazy.
speaker_heading: OMIT 213
scene_heading: EXT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE - NIGHT 214
text: Not quite dawn. A single light burns in the upper bedroom
text: and we know it is Bobby, having been awake all night.
scene_heading: INT. GRANITE COUNTRY HOUSE, BOBBY'S BEDROOM 215
text: The clock reads 4:00am. Bobby sits in a chair, staring into
text: space. On the table before him is an unfinished chess game.
text: Lombardy knocks and enters.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Bobby?
text: Bobby doesn't even hear him.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY (CONT'D)
dialog: (louder)
dialog: ..-BOBBY?
text: Bobby is in some half-awake fugue state. He looks up. For
text: a moment it's as if he doesn't recognize Lombardy.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I get you anything?
text: A hint of recognition comes into Bobby's eyes.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: No. Thanks.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: It'll be light soon.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: It's never dark here.
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 109.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: ...Do you want to talk about
dialog: tomorrow's game?
text: No answer. Bobby just stares out the window.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Bobby, I just want to tell you...that
dialog: the chess you've been playing...is...
dialog: inspiring. My whole life, I--
text: Lombardy stops himself. Bobby isn't listening; he's far
text: away. When at last he speaks, his voice is lifeless,
text: expressionless with exhaustion.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I used to wish I was born deaf...
text: Lombardy doesn't know what to say. Bobby's eyes are far
dialog: away. He has wanted and dreaded this moment his whole life.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: It's funny... at the beginning of a
dialog: game there are so many options...
dialog: and at the end....there's only one.
text: He is talking about more than chess.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to go back to the main hall.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: You're kidding.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: But nobody in the first seven rows.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: It's okay. The noises have stopped.
dialog: Nothing gets through.
text: Lombardy doesn't know why but he is near tears. There's
text: something so forlorn about Bobby at this moment.
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 109A.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: It's like there's no one there
dialog: anymore.
dialog: (a long moment)
dialog: Not even me.
text: He goes back to staring out the window. Lombardy stands
text: there, not knowing what to say or do.
text: Finally he walks over, takes a pen from inside his jacket
text: and puts it in Bobby's pocket, then backs out of the room.
scene_heading: 216 INT. NATIONAL THEATER, MAIN STAGE 216
text: Applause as Bobby and Boris return to the main stage.
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
scene_heading: Green Revision 10-14-13 110.
text: Bobby sits, stares at the board. Continues to stare at it.
text: Slowly -- almost imperceptibly at first -- the room begins
text: to FADE around him -- just as in his childhood bedroom.
text: The walls, the camera, eventually even Spassky DISAPPEARS.
text: Until it is only Bobby and the chessboard -- which begins to
text: GLOW as the lines of infinite possibility present themselves.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Bobby makes his move and SLAPS his clock. Boris examines
text: Bobby's move with more than a little confusion. He looks up
text: and sees no expression on Bobby's face.
text: Bobby is in the zone. He has reached some kind of absence
text: in which there are only moves -- and Spassky knows it.
dialog: Caption: Game Six.
text: Boris studies the board again, then quickly looks back up at
text: Bobby with disbelief, then back to the board.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER LOBBY
text: An ABC commentator is listening to the feed on his headset.
speaker_heading: ABC COMMENTATOR
dialog: Don't use jargon... In plain English
dialog: just tell me what he's doing? The
dialog: people here say he's playing like a
dialog: wild man. Could you ask our chess
dialog: guy exactly what Fischer is doing?
text: The anchor reacts to a lost signal. He looks to his producer.
speaker_heading: ABC COMMENTATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Lost the feed.... I need someone to
dialog: tell me what the fuck is happening...
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, VIEWING GALLERY
text: Lombardy is watching as if in the midst of a religious
dialog: experience.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: ...What is he doing?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: There are no names for it. Yet.
text: The Soviets are equally speechless.
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
dialog: 223
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
scene_heading: Yellow Revision 10-11-13 111.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER 219
text: Spassky finally summons up the will to make another move.
text: Without any hesitation, Bobby POUNCES -- like a panther.
text: A collective GASP from the audience.
text: Spassky stares at the move. His world is falling apart.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN CHESS CLUB 220
text: Carmine and the others watch in wonder.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, VIEWING GALLERY 221
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: LOMBARDY
dialog: ..-It is beyond my ability to explain
dialog: or understand.
text: Across the gallery we catch Livo Nei's awestruck expression.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER 222
text: Absolute silence.
text: Bobby is going for the kill, crushing the fly. Serene.
text: He makes his move.
text: Boris blinks once. He looks up at Bobby. Bobby's eyes are
text: still, his mind empty. A flicker of incomprehension crosses
text: Boris's face. Then he half smiles as he realizes he is beaten.
text: He KNOCKS over his King with a flick of his finger.
text: It falls in SLOW-MOTION -- like a building being demolished.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 223
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER, VIEWING GALLERY 224
text: Marshall applauds wildly.
text: Nei gets to his feet too and applauds. Geller glares at him.
text: Lombardy applauds, filled with emotion.
scene_heading: INT. JOAN'S LIVING ROOM 225
text: She and her kids are jumping up and down, clapping.
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13
scene_heading: INT. MOSCOW APARTMENT
text: Regina fights back tears.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN CHESS CLUB
text: The chess players are going wild.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE (ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE)
text: Cars HONK, pedestrians CHEER.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER
dialog: Silence.
text: Then...Boris gets to his feet and begins to applaud.
text: Bobby is at first confused, then astonished.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER
dialog: 112.
text: For one last, delicious second, Bobby is in the safe, quiet,
text: zone. Then a WAVE of SOUND hits as THE AUDIENCE APPLAUDS.
text: Bobby CRINGES, then slumps in his chair like a puppet with
text: its strings cut. The crowd applauds even more as they see
text: Boris acknowledging the beauty of the game Bobby just played.
speaker_heading: ABC COMMENTATOR
dialog: Bobby Fischer has just won game six
dialog: and his opponent Boris Spassky is
text: actually on his feet, appl
dialog: auding.
text: People applaud wildly; the anchor has to raise his voice...
speaker_heading: ABC COMMENTATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Grandmasters never, ever applaud an
dialog: opponent's victory. But I guess
dialog: this is something--
dialog: (re at cheering crowd)
dialog: --no one has ever seen before.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL THEATER
text: The crowd ERUPTS as Bobby emerges and heads down the stairs.
text: A mass of humanity SURGES forward -- crowding him, touching
dialog: him -- everybody wants a piece of him.
text: We SENSE Bobby's panic. The SCREAMS, the FLASHBULBS, the
text: faces, the hands reaching for him.
dialog: It's all too much.
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 113.
text: Then a face in the crowd -- it's Regina! -- But it can't
text: be. She's in Moscow. Bobby looks again but she's gone.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Mom!
text: He frantically looks around. Then another face -- Joan! Of
dialog: course she, too, couldn't possibly be there.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Joanie!
dialog: And then....is that Uncle Paul? No, that's impossible.
text: Marshall and a couple of his guys usher him into a limo.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO - CONTINUOUS 233
text: Bobby sits in the back as the limo moves slowly through the
text: crowd. Fans POUND on the glass but he looks straight ahead.
dialog: Over this a caption:
dialog: Bobby Fischer went on to beat Boris Spassky 12 1/2 - 8 1/2.
scene_heading: EXT. LIMO - CONTINUOUS 234
text: The Limo makes it way through the cheering crowd.
text: Suddenly, amidst the crowd, Bobby catches a glimpse of THE
text: TELEPHOTO MAN -- who has spied on him since he was a child.
text: He leans back out of sight.
dialog: He never tried to defend his title and no other American has
dialog: ever become world champion.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON PARK, WINTER BLIZZARD 235
text: The cheering is replaced by the sound of a howling wind.
text: Bobby walks alone in the snow-blasted park. He stops at one
text: of the chess tables and wipes away snow with his sleeve.
dialog: His descent into insanity was swift and permanent.
text: He stares at the empty squares.
scene_heading: INTERVIEW SOUNDBITE 236
speaker_heading: BOBBY (V.O.)
dialog: -- It's a worldwide Jewish conspiracy--
dialog: Mossad, the defense industry and the
dialog: media. Secret government projects
dialog: using micowaves to monitor our brains.
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: Green Revision 10-14-13
dialog: 114.
text: Alienating the world with his bizarre behavior, his US
dialog: passport was revoked and he lived in exile, eventually
dialog: becoming homeless.
scene_heading: INTERVIEW SOUNDBITE
speaker_heading: BOBBY (V.O.)
dialog: 9-11, man. Wonderful news. Time
dialog: for the fucking U.S. to get their
dialog: heads kicked in. Shows you that
dialog: what goes around, comes around...
scene_heading: WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK
text: Bobby stands up from the table and slowly walks off into the
text: blizzard...until he disappears...and all that we see
text: A WHITE SCREEN that RESOLVES INTO:
scene_heading: SLOW-MOTION MOCK-ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE (HIGH SCHOOL GYM)
dialog: is:
text: Bobby at the height of his power, playing 20 boards at a
text: time, his movements graceful, passionate, full of life.
dialog: Bobby Fischer died in 2008 and was buried in Reykjavik,
text: Iceland, the site of his remarkable triumph.
scene_heading: INTERVIEW SOUNDBITE
text: A smiling Bobby sits on a bench in Washington Square.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Chess and me, we're pretty
dialog: intertwined. I don't really have
dialog: much else in my life right now.
dialog: Maybe someday I'1l spread out a
dialog: little. For now, though, I'd like
dialog: to be world champion--
dialog: (a slow smile)
dialog: --And then keep it for, say, twenty
dialog: years. Yeah.
text: CLOSE on Bobby as a big grin spreads across his face.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: 
