speaker_heading: PEARL HARBOR
dialog: by
dialog: Randall Wallace
speaker_heading: EARLY DRAFT
text: Out of BLACK we hear the sound of an airplane roaring by.
scene_heading: EXT. POV OF AN AIRPLANE
text: Flying over American heartland. We see the earth through the
text: pilot's perspective as sky and ground swap positions, the
text: plane swooping down and storming over the ground.
speaker_heading: THE PLANE
text: is a biplane, racing over a field lush with young plants. It
text: releases a trail of crop spray, and climbs again...
text: Up into a crystalline blue sky where sunshine pours like
text: honey over family farms stretching to the horizon. Maybe
dialog: it's not heaven, maybe it's just Tennessee. But as long as
dialog: there's been an America, men have fought and died for this
dialog: place -- as volunteers.
text: Far off, but visible from the plane is
speaker_heading: A BARN - DAY
text: The barn is unpainted except for hand lettering that says
text: "McCawley Crop Dusting." Another plane noise, this one made
text: by kids, brings us to TWO BOYS, sitting in the shell of an
text: old plane propped on crates, scavenged of it's engine, seats,
text: and wheels.
text: The boys sit in it's cockpit, butts crowded onto the nail keg
text: they've replaced the seat with. They've even attached a 2x4
text: as propeller, as if their imaginations needed any help. They
text: wear overalls and have bowl haircuts: RAFE and DANNY, 10
dialog: years old.
speaker_heading: RAFE
text: Bandits at 2 o'clock.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Power dive!
text: They buzz their lips in a flying noise and work the controls,
text: Rafe's bare feet on one pedal, Danny's on the other.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: It's Germans!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Kill the bastards!
text: Rafe looks at Danny in shock -- then they both laugh and go
text: right back into their game, manufacturing their own machine
text: gun and engine sounds.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Good shooting, Danny!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Good shooting, Rafe!
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Land of the free...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Home of the brave!
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: There's another one!
text: Their vocal motors roar again... But a man's hand grabs Danny
text: by the straps of his overalls and jerks him from the cockpit.
text: It's Danny's FATHER and he's a fearsome sight; drunk, his
text: hair uncombed, his face unshaven, his teeth -- those still
text: left -- are rotting. He's also missing an arm; but the one
text: that's left is potent, and he's shaking Danny with it.
speaker_heading: DANNY'S FATHER
dialog: You no count boy! Johnson come lookin',
dialog: said he'd pay a dime for you to shovel
dialog: his pig shed, and I can't find you no
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Daddy, I told you I was comin' here.
text: His father slaps him off his feet. Rafe is so horrified he
text: can't get a sound out. Danny isn't even surprised. But when
text: his father snatches him up again, twisting the overall straps
text: so tight they choke him, he struggles. It does no good; his
text: father starts marching across the field, dragging and
text: strangling Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Da!... Dad...
text: The father's drunken anger makes him oblivious -- until
text: CRACK! The 2x4 propeller slams him across the back, knocking
text: him to the ground and making him drop Danny.
text: The father rolls over to see 10-year-old Rafe, holding the
text: 2x4 like a bat.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Let him alone!
text: The father's eyes bulge in rage; he struggles to his feet.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Rafe... Daddy... No!
text: The man looks murderous, but Rafe draws back the board.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I'll bust you open, you...German!
text: The words ring something deep in the man's booze-broken
text: brain. He begins to cough, convulsively; it brings a blossom
text: of blood to his mouth. He wipes it with his hand, but blood
text: clings to his teeth. He chokes out --
speaker_heading: DANNY'S FATHER
dialog: I fought the Germans.
text: He looks at Danny in shame, with the realization of what he's
text: just done. He turns and staggers away.
text: Danny looks at Rafe -- a communication between boys joined by
text: something deeper than blood. Then Danny runs off after his
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Daddy! Daddy! wait.
text: Danny catches him, takes his father's hand, and walks away
dialog: with him.
text: The crop duster we saw in the air has just landed, behind
text: Rafe. The pilot, RAFE'S FATHER, shuts off the engine.
speaker_heading: RAFE'S FATHER
dialog: What's goin' on, son?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Nothing. Danny's Dad just come to get
dialog: him.
text: Rafe turns back to the ramshackle plane and replaces the 2x4
text: propeller. His father looks toward Danny and his father,
text: walking away, then looks at his own son.
speaker_heading: RAFE'S FATHER
dialog: Hey, boy -- you wanna go up?
text: Rafe can't believe it; he runs to the plane and hops into his
text: father's lap. As his father cranks the engine and tucks him
dialog: into the harness, Rafe says --
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Daddy, sometime will you take Danny up
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: RAFE'S FATHER
dialog: Sure will, son.
dialog: The engine races to life...and we --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW JERSEY AIR BASE - DAY
text: American P-40 fighters blast through the air, props screaming
text: and wind singing by their wings.
dialog: There are eight pilots in their individual seats, and we
text: focus on two: RAFE MCCAWLEY has grown lean and handsome.
text: And DANNY WALKER is very much the same.
text: Their planes start swapping positions in the formation; while
text: the other guys are flying along in a tight line, Rafe and
text: Danny are playing, one of them gunning his engine to go high,
text: the other diving and coming back up in his place,
text: leapfrogging.
text: It scares the other guys, having their planes flashing in and
text: out, so close. The TRAINING CAPTAIN, watching through
text: binoculars on the ground, talks into his RADIO --
scene_heading: TRAINING CAPTAIN
dialog: McCawley! Walker! Cut that out!
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I thought this was a training flight.
dialog: I'm just trying to give Danny some
dialog: training.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Not on your best day, boy!
text: Rafe grins and guns his plane low, in the opposite direction
text: he was moving before. Danny reacts almost instantly...
text: leapfrogging in the opposite direction, scaring the piss out
dialog: of everybody else.
scene_heading: TRAINING CAPTAIN
dialog: That's it, get into a wedge!
text: The squadron responds, forming up into a tight V, Rafe and
text: Danny just behind and on either side of the center.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Didn't you say test the limits?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hey, you wanna test my limits, you better
text: line up a couple dozen women on the
dialog: GROUND...cause I got NO limits in the
dialog: air!
text: Rafe grins, loving the challenge. Then he and Danny do the
text: leapfrogging maneuver laterally, swapping sides in the v.
scene_heading: TRAINING CAPTAIN
dialog: Everybody down!
scene_heading: EXT. NEW JERSEY AIRFIELD - DAY
text: The planes land in tight order and taxi off the runway; shut
text: down their props, slide back the canopies and hop down. We
dialog: see young pilots we'll get to know: ANTHONY, BILLY, RED.
scene_heading: TRAINING CAPTAIN
dialog: Where are McCawley and Walker?
scene_heading: EXT. RAFE AND DANNY - STILL IN THE AIR - DAY
text: They've circled to opposite ends of the airfield and are now
text: heading right at each other, like two bullets playing
dialog: chicken.
scene_heading: TRAINING CAPTAIN
dialog: Aw shit...
scene_heading: INT. THE COCKPITS
dialog: From Rafe and Danny's POV, the rush is awesome.
text: THE PILOTS ON THE GROUND watch in awe as the P-40's get so
text: close they can't possibly get out of each other's way.
text: Billy, the most boyish-faced of the pilots, yells to drown
text: out the sound of the collision...
text: At the last instant, both planes snap a quarter turn so that
text: their wings are vertical, and they shoot past each other
text: belly to belly.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPITS
text: Rafe and Danny burst out laughing.
text: THE PILOTS ON THE GROUND
text: laugh and congratulate each other.
scene_heading: TRAINING CAPTAIN
dialog: You know what they say... You can take the
dialog: crop duster out of the country -- but
dialog: don't put him in a P-40.
text: Rafe banks to land, and Danny tucks in behind him. Danny has
text: Rafe's plane in his sights.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: If I had guns I'd be chewing up your --
text: Rafe feints left, banks right, and appears behind Danny.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: If you had guns, you'd be pissin’ on
dialog: ‘em.
text: They're almost to the landing strip, Rafe behind Danny. But
text: as Danny's wheels are about to touch, he guns his engine and
text: snaps the nose of his plane straight up.
text: THE OTHER PILOTS stop laughing.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: He's doing an inside loop!
scene_heading: TRAINING CAPTAIN
dialog: Aw, shit...
text: Danny pulls it off, just barely making a full circle to come
text: in behind Rafe and bounce to a stop on the runway.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yee-hawww!!!
text: Danny taxis his plane over to join the others. He's grinning
text: as he slides back his cockpit cover; then --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Where's Rafe?
text: Red, tall with flaming orange hair, tips his chin toward the
text: air. Seeing Rafe's plane still in the air, Danny starts to
text: refasten his harness.
scene_heading: TRAINING CAPTAIN
dialog: You're down, Walker! That's an order!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What about him?
scene_heading: TRAINING CAPTAIN
dialog: He's not taking my orders anymore.
text: Danny's just about to ask what the hell that means, when he
text: notices Rafe climbing in a deliberate spiral.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: He's gonna do it.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Aw, shit. Aw shit shit shit...
text: RAFE'S PLANE reaches two thousand feet, just a speck above
text: them, and seems to pause in the air.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I shouldn't'a done an inside loop.
dialog: I shouldn't'a done an inside loop.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Cause now he's gonna do an outside loop.
scene_heading: TRAINING CAPTAIN
dialog: Aw shit. Aw shit shit shit...
text: Anthony and Billy join in, like an involuntary chant --
scene_heading: ANTHONY & BILLY
dialog: Aw shit shit shit...
text: RAFE, IN HIS COCKPIT, is tightly controlled, yet serene. He
text: noses the plane into a power dive.
text: The P-40 screams toward the ground, picking up speed, going
text: so fast it begins to shudder.
text: THE OTHER PILOTS are transfixed. Red is so nervous he can't
dialog: get the words out.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Aw sh- sh- sh- sh-
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You can do it, Rafe. You can do it.
text: The P-40, hurtling toward the ground at nauseating speed,
text: snaps into a half roll, streaking upside down over the
text: runway. Rafe hangs inverted in his flight harness, the
text: asphalt of the runway shooting past, ten feet beyond his
dialog: head.
text: He pushes the plane into a climb, his cockpit on the outside
text: of the circle. The plane reaches the top of its arc, and
text: almost stalls; but Rafe noses it over again, toward the
text: earth, only this time he has very little altitude. The plane
text: hurtles down, still with it belly on the inside of the
dialog: curve...
text: And makes it full circle. Rafe's head now is barely a foot
text: off the asphalt as the plane shoots past, still inverted.
text: THE OTHER PILOTS burst into cheers.
text: RAFE, IN HIS COCKPIT permits himself a smile.
text: He lands, and the guys run out to meet him...all except for
text: the Training Captain, who stands there shaking his head.
text: Danny jumps on the wing, as Rafe stops and slides back his
text: canopy. Danny grabs him by the harness and shakes him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You could've killed yourself, you stupid
dialog: bastard!
text: He dives into the cockpit, hugging Rafe.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That was the most beautiful thing I ever
dialog: saw.
scene_heading: INT. COLONEL DOOLITTLE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: COLONEL JIMMY DOOLITTLE, mid-forties, is commander of the
text: base. He's as tough as he is good in the air. And right now
text: he's frowning at Rafe McCawley, standing at attention before
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: There are some people who think the
text: outside loop is reckless and
dialog: irresponsible.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: How could it be irresponsible, Sir, if
dialog: you were the first man in the world to do
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Don't get smart with me, son.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Never, Sir. I just meant it's dangerous
dialog: only for the kind of pilot who wants to
text: show off, rather than inspire the other
dialog: pilots in his unit. And all you've done
dialog: for me, Sir, working out the transfer, I
dialog: did it to say thanks. To honor you, Sir.
dialog: What the French call a "homage."
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: That's bullshit, son. But it's really
dialog: good bullshit.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Thank you, Sir.
text: Doolittle stands, moves around his desk, and shakes Rafe's
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Good luck over there McCawley. I admire
dialog: your decision.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Thank you, Sir.
scene_heading: INT. NEW JERSEY AIRFIELD - BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: The pilots are getting slicked up for a night on the town.
text: Danny's at the mirrors with the others; he's putting on
text: cologne, and looks terrific in his uniform.
text: Anthony and Billy are combing their hair at the sinks. Billy
text: declares to his image in the mirror --
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You good-lookin' sumbitch...don't you
dialog: EVER die!
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: That's your line for tonight, ya know.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What, good-lookin' sumbitch?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: No, numbnuts, die. You get your nurse
dialog: alone, you look her in the eye, and say,
dialog: "Baby, they're training me for war, and I
dialog: don't know what'll happen. But if I die
dialog: tomorrow, I wanna know that we lived all
dialog: we could tonight." I've never known it
dialog: to fail.
text: Red finishes brushing his teeth at the sink beside them.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: He's n-never known it to work, either.
text: The guys head out laughing, running into Rafe coming in.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Doolittle didn't kill you? Attaboy!
text: Rafe catches Danny's arm.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Danny, there's something I gotta tell
dialog: you...
scene_heading: EXT. NEW JERSEY BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Rafe and Danny are walking on the parade ground; the other
text: guys are already on the bus that will take them into town.
text: Danny's upset by what Rafe just told him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How could you do this?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: The Colonel helped me work it out.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don't mean how'd you do the paperwork,
dialog: I mean how the hell did you do it without
dialog: letting me in on it?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I'm sorry, Danny, but they're only
dialog: accepting the best pilots.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Don't make this a joke, Rafe. You're
dialog: talking about war, and I know what war
dialog: does to people.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Danny, you know how many times I saw you
dialog: come to school with a black eye or a
dialog: busted nose, and couldn't do a thing
dialog: about it -- for you, or for your mother...
dialog: or your father, with his lungs scorched
text: out with mustard gas, and more left of
dialog: his lungs than there was of his spirit?
dialog: You've made your sacrifice, Danny. It's
dialog: time I made mine.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (from the bus)
dialog: The nurses are waiting!
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Nah, you go on.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I have to talk to Evelyn. And I want you
dialog: to meet her.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Some other time. I don't feel like a
dialog: party.
text: Danny walks away. The bus driver's ready to leave, and Red
text: is honking the horn for Rafe to come. Rafe reluctantly lets
text: Danny go, and heads for the bus, where the pilots are
dialog: chanting --
speaker_heading: PILOTS VOICE
dialog: Nurses! Nurses! Nurses!
scene_heading: INT. A MOVING TRAIN - DAY
text: The trains of 1942 have their own beauty, with felt seats,
text: shaded lamps, and paneled compartments even in the economy
text: section. But the glow of the train is outshone by EVELYN
text: STEWART. She's one of ten young women, Army nurses, gathered
text: at one end of the car as it rattles along the track.
text: The other nurses are pretty and ripe -- maybe a bit too
text: ripe. Their lips painted bright red, their faces powdered,
text: their spirits high.
text: Evelyn listens in amusement to BETTY, a cute blonde with
text: unmissable boobs, and BARBARA, a burnette equally endowed.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Do you have trouble with your boobs in
dialog: the uniform?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: You mean hiding them?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Hide them? On a date with pilots? I'm
dialog: talking about how you make them show!
text: SANDRA, another nurse, speaks up.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Loan 'em to me, I'll make 'em show.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: The boobs or the pilots?
text: The girls laugh and shove each others' knees; it's a party
text: wherever they go. But Evelyn can't keep her mind on the
text: frivolity. She looks out the window and her thoughts drift
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: We'll ask Evelyn. Evelyn? Evelyn!
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: 000, she's thinking of her date! Come
dialog: on, you've been dating a pilot. We want
dialog: to know what we can expect.
text: Suddenly all the girlish faces are looking at Evelyn.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I've been dating one pilot. And only for
dialog: a few weeks. But I know he's different
dialog: from all the others.
text: Sandra throws up her arms and swoons onto her friends.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: True love!...
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Morphine, give her morphine!
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Give her an enema.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: But I do have a warning for you. There's
dialog: one line you all need to know, and you're
dialog: likely to hear it from any man in a
dialog: uniform. It goes like this: "Honey,
dialog: Baby... We never know what's gonna happen,
dialog: and I may die tomorrow...so, let's live
dialog: all we can tonight."
text: A silence among the nurses.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I tell you. Any one of those arrogant,
text: leather-jacketed, slick-lookin' flyboys
dialog: tries that line on me...he's gonna get
dialog: anything he wants.
text: As the nurses laugh --
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK TRAIN STATION - NIGHT
text: Our pilots -- indeed leather-jacketed and handsome -- are
text: waiting on the platform. Among then is Rafe, holding
text: something behind his back, as the train pulls in and shudders
text: to a stop, clouds of steam jetting onto the platform and
text: giving the moment a dream-like haze.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. TRAIN - NEW YORK TRAIN STATION - NIGHT
text: The nurses start stepping out; both pilots and nurses pretend
text: surprise to see each. At the door of the train, Evelyn
dialog: whispers to Betty --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Stick with me, I'll find you somebody
dialog: good.
dialog: Betty spot's Rafe.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I'll take that one.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He's taken. But come on, I'll introduce
dialog: you.
text: They move to Rafe; he crosses the platform to meet them, his
text: eyes holding Evelyn.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Hello, Lieutenant. Good to see you.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You too, Lieutenant.
text: Betty clears her throat.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh, this is Betty.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Nice to meet you, Betty.
text: He draws his hand from behind his back; he's holding two
text: roses. He hands one to Evelyn and the second to Betty.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Danny would'a brought this.
text: He escorts them along the platform.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Danny's not coming?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: No, he...got some news today. He'll be
dialog: okay, he just didn't feel like coming
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I was hoping to meet him.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I was hoping to meet him.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: We'll just have to find a substitute,
dialog: won't we?
text: Betty stops, and faces Rafe.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I just want to tell you one thing. If
dialog: you're thinking this might be your last
dialog: night on earth?... I'm prepared to make
dialog: it meaningful.
dialog: (leaning close)
dialog: Very meaningful.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: At ease, Betty!
scene_heading: INT. CITY NIGHT CLUB - NIGHT
text: It's a party in full swing; swing music, jitterbugging,
text: beautiful young men and women in high spirits.
text: Rafe and Evelyn are sitting at a big table with the other
text: pilots and nurses. Anthony's paired up with Sandra, Billy
text: with Barbara, and Red, shyest of the group, finds himself
text: next to Betty. Betty's already found a companion in Red
dialog: Strange.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: He, I'm R-Red. Red S-Strange.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Red...Strange?
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: You know the football player, Red G-
dialog: Grange? Well the guys called me R-Red,
dialog: cause you know, I'm red...and they
dialog: thought I was strange, so, you know, Red
dialog: G-Grange, Red Str-Strange.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: But...they called you Strange? Because
dialog: of Red Grange? I don't get it. Was Red
dialog: Grange strange?
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: How would I know.
text: Beside her beer is an open ketchup bottle; he picks it up and
text: swigs from that. Rafe and Evelyn see this, and try to keep
text: from laughing.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Do you always stutter?
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Only when I'm n-n-n-
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Nervous?
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Yeah. But if I have to get something
dialog: out, I c-can always s-s-s-
dialog: (he sings)
speaker_heading: SIIING!
text: She covers his hand with hers.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Don't be nervous.
text: Red looks at Betty with love in his eyes. Under the table,
text: Rafe and Evelyn join hands too.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: There shipping us out. Hawaii. The
dialog: Germans are overrunning Europe, and we're
dialog: sent to paradise. How about you? Have
dialog: you heard anything?
text: He hesitates; then Evelyn is distracted by the conversation
text: beside them, between Barbara and Billy.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You're a very special woman, and...well
dialog: baby, they're training me for war, and we
dialog: don't know what happens tomorrow. So we
dialog: gotta make tonight special.
text: Barbara shoots a look at Evelyn, before she answers.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I hope you can back that up, flyboy.
dialog: Cause you're not ever gonna forget
dialog: tonight.
text: She takes him by the hand and pulls him to his feet... They
text: start dancing, sexy movements that won't stop till they've
dialog: been in bed.
text: Rafe pulls Evelyn to her feet, and leads her through the
text: dancers, outside.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NIGHT CLUB - NIGHT
text: They find a quiet place on a balcony that overlooks the
text: river, and Manhattan beyond. Evelyn takes in the view,
text: breathes in the air; she still holds the rose.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Whatever you're trying to tell me isn't
dialog: good, is it. Or it wouldn't be so hard
dialog: to say.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: The only reason it's hard to say is that
dialog: I keep thinking I don't have the right to
dialog: say it. But I've got to because it's
dialog: true. I love you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That must surprise you.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It surprises me that I'm not the only one
dialog: on this balcony who feels that way.
text: The power of hearing this from each other grips them both.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: There's one thing I have to say. I'm
dialog: going away.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We're all going away.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I'm going to the war. The real war.
dialog: Hitler's taken Europe. The Brits are
text: hanging on by their fingernails, and If
dialog: they lose, there'll be more people killed
dialog: than anybody can imagine. And not just
dialog: there, but here.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: But you're in the U.S. Army, how could
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Colonel Doolittle pulled the strings, and
dialog: put me on loan to the R.A.F. They need
dialog: pilots, and we need experience. I leave
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You waited til tonight to tell me?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I had to tell you in person. Because
dialog: there's something else I need to say.
text: He studies her face, burning it into his memory.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Evelyn...you know the line -- let's make
dialog: tonight memorable. What I feel about you
dialog: makes it impossible for me to say
dialog: something like that. I£ I don't come
dialog: back, I don't want to saddle you with
dialog: regret and sadness you'll carry the rest
dialog: of your life.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I don't know if you can choose that,
dialog: Rafe.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Maybe not. But I need you to know. I
dialog: love you. And I will come back. I'll
dialog: find a way. And then we'll get a chance
dialog: to know if what I felt the first moment I
dialog: saw you, and every minute since then, is
dialog: real.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Do one thing for me, before you go.
text: She takes his hand and leads him inside.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CLUB - NIGHT
text: She leads him onto the dance floor, and they dance, among the
text: others, yet in a world apart from everyone else. And then
text: they stop while all the others move around them, and kiss the
dialog: kind of kiss that lasts a lifetime.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - NIGHT
text: The nurses are entering the hotel. Pilots are going in with
text: them. But Rafe and Evelyn stop on the street.
text: A last kiss. Their hands touch a final time, and then part.
text: She moves inside the lobby, and looks out the glass doors as
text: he walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - DAWN
text: Rafe and Danny stand on the platform. Rafe's got his gear
text: packed in a bag slung over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR'S VOICE
dialog: All aboard!
text: Rafe glances once more toward the revolving doors from the
text: station that lead onto the platform.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Didn't you say you told her not to come?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Then why are you looking for her?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: It's a test. If I asked her to come and
dialog: she came, it wouldn't tell me anything.
dialog: If I tell her not to come, and she
dialog: comes...then I know she loves me.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ALL ABOARD!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You're still a kid, ya know that? Take
dialog: care of yourself.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: You too.
text: Rafe sticks his hand out to Danny. Danny knocks it away, and
text: hugs him.
text: Rafe steps onto the train, and it pulls away. Rafe waves.
text: Danny waves back and smiles, but he whispers like a prayer...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Give 'em hell, Rafe.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - DAWN
text: Rafe finds a seat and sits down. He's the only one in the
text: car, and he's deeply alone.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - DAWN
text: Danny walks to one of the three revolving doors back into the
text: station. He takes the one on the far right. As he passes
text: through it, he doesn't see Evelyn rushing through the door on
text: the left side. She's told herself she wouldn't come, but
text: couldn't help it, and now as she sees the last car of the
text: train disappearing around the corner the pain of it all hits
dialog: her.
text: She stands on the empty platform, as lonely as Rafe.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - THE JOURNEYS
text: Rafe and Evelyn travel in opposite directions, toward
dialog: opposite ends of the earth...
scene_heading: EXT. A GRAY, COLD, CANADIAN SEAPORT - DAY
text: as Rafe boards a Canadian naval vessel headed into the North
dialog: Atlantic.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - TRAVELING THROUGH THE AMERICAN WEST - DAY
text: Evelyn and her fellow nurses ride the train through the
text: American southwest. The scenery outside the window is
text: beautiful, but her thoughts are far away...
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH ATLANTIC - DAY
text: Rafe's ship is in a convoy through the rough gray waters.
text: The deck is loaded with military supplies bound for Britain.
text: Rafe stands among the drab crates and seems oblivious to the
text: rain, his thoughts on Evelyn.
text: He looks toward the eastern horizon, where his ship is
text: heading. A deep, dark storm is brewing before them...
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC - DAY
text: Evelyn stands on the deck of a ship headed in the opposite
text: direction, on another ocean, the sky is clear, the breeze is
text: warm, the light of a glowing sunset bathes her face. The
text: MONTAGE ENDS, with them heading to different ends of the
dialog: earth.
scene_heading: EXT. BASSINGBORNE AIRFIELD - BRITAIN - DUSK
text: In the eternal dusk of England, everything is cold and gray.
dialog: British fighter planes -- Spitfires and Hurricanes -- are
text: surrounded by mechanics hurriedly ripping off bullet riddled
text: fuselage panels and digging into overworked aircraft engines.
text: Rafe walks across the tarmac, still carrying his duffel bag.
text: He moves up behind a slim, pale BRITISH AIR COMMANDER who is
text: surveying engine damage on one of the Spitfires.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Rafe McCawley, Sir.
text: Rafe salutes as the Air Commander turns and then returns the
text: salute, with his left arm -- his right arm is gone. Rafe
text: freezes at the sight, reminded of Danny's father.
scene_heading: BRITISH AIR COMMANDER
dialog: On loan from Colonel Doolittle, is it?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: That's me, Sir.
scene_heading: BRITISH AIR COMMANDER
dialog: Good on you, then, Rafe McCawley. We'll
dialog: get you situated in some quarters, and
dialog: then introduce you to the equipment
dialog: you'll be flying.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: If you're patching up bullet holes right
dialog: here on the runway, maybe we should skip
dialog: the housekeeping and get right to the
dialog: planes.
scene_heading: BRITISH AIR COMMANDER
dialog: Are all the Yanks as anxious as you are
dialog: to get yourself killed, Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: RAFE
text: Not anxious to die, Sir, anxious to
dialog: matter.
scene_heading: EXT. BASSINGBORNE AIRFIELD - BRITAIN - DAY
text: A Spitfire sits on the runway, and it's badly mangled -- a
text: string of bullet holes punched through at mid-fuselage; a
text: shot-off chunk of wingtip; but most striking is the blood
text: still splattered over the inside of the cockpit.
scene_heading: BRITISH AIR COMMANDER
dialog: Good lad. Didn't die till he'd landed
dialog: and shut down his engine. Welcome to the
dialog: war.
text: He walks away, leaving Rafe to stare at the bloody cockpit.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - MILITARY BASE - DAY
text: Evelyn and the nurses enter the base, riding in two jeeps.
text: As they stop at the gate, the guards look at them, especially
text: Evelyn in the lead jeep; one guard mumbles to the other --
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I've died and gone to heaven.
text: The guards lift the bar and smile at the nurses. The jeeps
dialog: drive through. The nurses are loving this island paradise
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: You know the ratio of men to women on
dialog: this island? Four-thousand...to one.
text: Barbara slides on a new pair of sunglasses with plastic palm
text: trees glued on the sides, and calls back to the guards as the
text: jeeps pull away --
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: See ya on the beach, boys!
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE - NURSES' QUARTERS - OAHU - DAY
text: As the other nurses happily unpack, Evelyn leaves and crosses
text: the grass in the drenching sunshine. We follow her into --
scene_heading: INT. BASE HOSPITAL - DAY
text: She finds a small, immaculately clean hospital, twenty beds
text: with luminous white sheets, all empty.
text: Then she notices the view. It's of Pearl Harbor, with the
text: entire American Pacific fleet riding at anchor. Battleships
text: all in a row. Aircraft carriers too, in perfect stillness on
text: the aqua blue water with a white sand bottom. The view is
text: expansive and beautiful.
text: The sound of an approaching fighter plane with wing guns
dialog: firing as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: EXT. THE DARK SKIES OVER THE ENGLISH CHANNEL - DAY
text: Rafe, in the middle of an aerial dogfight, throws his
text: Spitfire into a tight turn, swinging around to fire again
text: into a squadron of Messerschmidts; they outnumber the British
text: planes, and they're tougher and faster. Rafe darts through
text: their line, machine guns blazing.
text: One of the Spitfires in Rafe's squadron has taken hits in the
text: engine compartment and is sputtering, losing power, its
text: pilot, NIGEL, frantic as the German planes swarm into finish
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BRITISH PILOT (NIGEL)
dialog: I need help! Someone get them off me!
text: Rafe slams his control stick hard right and goes into a power
text: dive at one of the Messerschmidts. Rafe's bullets chew up
text: its cockpit and the plane goes into a fast corkscrew spiral,
text: down into the water.
text: Rafe instantly climbs again. Nigel, in the moment of safety
text: Rafe has bought him, bails out, his chute blossoming and
text: carrying him toward the water. The OTHER BRITISH PILOTS are
dialog: impressed.
scene_heading: OTHER BRITISH PILOT
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Nigel's out! I'll call in the position!
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: That Yank is bloody good.
text: Rafe swings his plane right back at the Germans; he attacks
text: them head on, just like he went at Danny, only this time he's
text: firing his machine guns.
text: And OVER THIS ferocious dogfight, we hear his letter to
dialog: Evelyn...
speaker_heading: RAFE'S VOICE (LETTER)
dialog: Dear Evelyn... It is cold here. So cold,
dialog: in a way that goes deep into your bones.
text: The Messerschmidt in Rafe's sights breaks apart with the
text: stream of precise fire he pours into it, its prop flying into
text: pieces, its disintegration accelerated by its airspeed.
text: Before it completely comes apart, it explodes.
text: Rafe goes into another tight turn, to get at them again.
speaker_heading: RAFE'S VOICE (LETTER)
dialog: It's not easy making friends. Two nights
dialog: ago I drank a beer with a couple of the
dialog: R.A.F. pilots -- beer's the only thing
dialog: here that isn't cold -- and yesterday both
dialog: of them got killed...
text: As Rafe starts another attack we see him in the cockpit, in
text: the trance of battle, as other Spitfires around him are
dialog: getting shot out of the sky...as we --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: Evelyn, receiving the letter at mail call.
text: She sits on the grass under a palm tree, in paradise, reading
dialog: his letter.
speaker_heading: RAFE'S VOICE (LETTER)
dialog: There is one place I can go to find
dialog: warmth, and that is to think of you.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR RESTAURANT - OAHU - DAY
text: Evelyn is off duty, and wears a light cotton dress. She's
text: let her hair down, and her skin has the sheen of light sweat
dialog: in the tropical heat.
text: The restaurant is barely more than a shelter of palm wood
text: posts with a frond roof, and it looks out over the harbor.
text: Evelyn sits alone. She's brought writing paper. As the
text: Hawaiian waiter serves her an icy tropical ambrosia with
text: chunks of pineapple and a fresh plumeria flower floating at
text: the rim of the glass, she lifts her pen.
text: But before she can start to write, three naval officers move
text: over to her table from the bar. They're out of uniform too,
text: wearing garish tropical shirts.
speaker_heading: NAVY GUY 1
dialog: A woman beautiful as you shouldn't be
dialog: sitting alone. Buy you a drink?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Thank you...Ensign.
text: The guys look at each other, impressed that she could tell.
speaker_heading: NAVY GUY 1
dialog: Ensign! Smart too!
speaker_heading: NAVY GUY 2
dialog: So how about that drink? Or dinner?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Thank you, but...I really want to be
dialog: alone right now.
speaker_heading: NAVY GUY 3
dialog: Want to see something long and hard?
text: He shows her the tattoo of an anchor on his forearm. Evelyn
text: looks away from them, toward the harbor.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm sorry. I've got a letter to write.
speaker_heading: NAVY GUY 3
dialog: Cold bitch.
text: His friends start to pull him away, but Evelyn's eyes flare.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: NAVY GUY 3
dialog: I said you're cold.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Cold? No, I'm just thinking about a war.
dialog: And maybe you should be too.
text: They leave, shaking their heads. Evelyn picks up her pen,
dialog: and writes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN'S VOICE (LETTER)
dialog: Dear Rafe... It's strange to be so far
dialog: from you in body, and so close to you in
dialog: spirit. But if our spirits really give
dialog: our bodies life, then you should know
dialog: this: Every night I look at the sunset,
dialog: and try to draw the last ounce of heat
dialog: from its long day...
text: She looks toward the sunset now; then she writes again...
scene_heading: EXT. BASSINGBORNE AIRFIELD - BRITAIN - NIGHT
text: Rafe brings his battered plane in for a landing...
scene_heading: INT. BRITISH AIRFIELD BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Rafe sits on his cot, reading her letter.
speaker_heading: EVELYN'S VOICE (LETTER)
dialog: ...and send it from my heart to yours.
text: Rafe is startled as the Air Commander appears beside his
dialog: bunk.
scene_heading: BRITISH AIR COMMANDER
dialog: Air-Sea Rescue picked up Nigel. He'll be
dialog: back with us tomorrow.
text: Rafe nods, glad to hear the news. The Commander starts to
text: walk away, then turns back.
scene_heading: BRITISH AIR COMMANDER
dialog: Some of us look down on the Yanks for not
dialog: yet joining this war. I'd just like to
dialog: say that if there are many more back home
dialog: like you, God help anyone who goes to war
dialog: with America.
text: The Commander salutes, with his left hand. And Rafe salutes
text: too -- with his left hand.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTABLISHING THE WHITE HOUSE - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY
text: The White House looks somehow whiter and purer in the glow of
dialog: 1941.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: GENERALS, ADMIRALS, and other advisors sit around the
text: polished table -- all males, in suits and in uniforms. The
text: door opens, and the men all stand.
text: PRESIDENT FRANKLIN ROOSEVELT appears, in a wheelchair, pushed
text: by a huge black valet, GEORGE. The President's legs are
text: shriveled, braced with the iron supports that attach to his
text: shoes and are apparent beneath the cloth of his pin-striped
text: pants. From the waist up Roosevelt is heavily muscled,
text: powerful, and handsome even in his little spectacles. The
text: valet rolls him to the head of the table; he's speaking even
text: before he settles in.
scene_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
dialog: Please be seated, gentlemen.
text: They sit, as one.
scene_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
dialog: Churchill and Stalin are asking me what
dialog: I'm asking you: How long is America
dialog: going to pretend the world is not at war?
speaker_heading: GENERAL MARSHALL
dialog: We've increased supply shipments to them,
dialog: Mr. President, and we're losing merchant
dialog: vessels every day.
scene_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
dialog: Shift in every destroyer and anti-
dialog: aircraft weapon you can find.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL
dialog: Sir, our Pacific Fleet is already down
text: to almost nothing.
scene_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
dialog: Gentlemen, at this moment the nation of
dialog: Hungry has a larger military then the
dialog: United States. We have no choice but to
dialog: draw from whatever we can.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTABLISHING TOKYO - JAPAN - NIGHT
scene_heading: INT. JAPANESE HIGH COMMAND - NIGHT
text: The Conference Room is similar to that of the White House.
text: But this table is low and all the men sit on the floor. And
dialog: there are no civilians here; Japan is now a nation ruled by
dialog: its warriors.
text: The last man to enter the room and take his place is ADMIRAL
text: YAMAMOTO. Harvard educated, Yamamoto is an object of
text: veneration and suspicion among the men of the war council.
text: Yamamoto bows, sits, and looks across the table at his friend
text: Genda, who can't hide his fear. Yamamoto glances to the far
text: end of the table where NISHIKURA, chief of the War Council,
text: sits glowering. (Their discussion is in Japanese, with
dialog: subtitles.)
speaker_heading: NISHIKURA
dialog: So you join us, Admiral. Some of us
dialog: thought your education at an American
dialog: university would make you too weak to
dialog: fight the Americans.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: If knowledge of opponents and careful
dialog: calculation of danger is taken as
dialog: weakness then I have misunderstood what
dialog: it means to be Japanese.
speaker_heading: NISHIKURA
dialog: The time has come to strike! Or to sit
dialog: and let the Americans cut off our oil and
dialog: our future. I know what you whisper to
dialog: the others, Yamamoto -- that the Americans
text: are strong. Yet look at their leader.
text: He motions to OYAMA, an intelligence analyst, who opens a
text: file and lays out pictures of Roosevelt.
speaker_heading: OYAMA
dialog: Franklin Roosevelt. Born into great
dialog: wealth. Fifteen years ago, he was
text: stricken with polio. Now he cannot walk,
dialog: or even stand without help.
dialog: Photographers will not take pictures of
dialog: him in his chair; Americans do not wish
dialog: to know how weak their President is.
text: Yamamoto makes a low grunt.
speaker_heading: NISHIKURA
dialog: You have something to say, Yamamoto?
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: The Council knows I have opposed fighting
dialog: the Americans. No matter how great our
dialog: resolve, they have resources beyond ours.
dialog: If we must go to war, there is only one
dialog: way -- deal them a blow from which it will
dialog: take them years to recover. In that time
dialog: we can conquer all of the Pacific, and
dialog: they will have no choice but to ask for
dialog: peace.
speaker_heading: NISHIKURA
dialog: You see us as capable of such a blow?
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: The Americans themselves have made it
dialog: possible. We will annihilate them in a
dialog: single attack -- at Pearl Harbor.
text: The members of the war council are so pleased with Yamamoto
text: that they bow to him. Only Genda keeps his eyes raised long
text: enough to see the sadness in Yamamoto's face.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - AIR BASE - BARRACKS - DAY
text: Danny Walker and his pilot buddies have just arrived; they
text: enter the barracks, talking happily.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: If I ain't n-never on a b-boat again,
dialog: it'll be too s-soon.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Where are the women on this --
text: Danny has stopped before the others; now all of them see that
text: the other pilots who inhabit this air base are still in their
text: beds, sleeping off hangovers. They wear Hawaiian shirts;
dialog: they haven't shaved.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: They're s-still asleep!
text: Danny pauses for a moment, then shouts --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Drop your cocks and grab your socks,
dialog: boys! The terror of the skies are here!
text: The sleeping pilots groan, and cover their heads with their
dialog: pillows.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
text: They're all drunk.
text: One guy sits up in bed, his hair pointing every direction of
text: the compass, his tongue working as if to wipe a terrible
text: taste from his mouth. As his feet dangle over the side of
text: the bunk and one of them touches the floor, a sensation
text: reaches his sotted brain; he raises that foot to look at its
text: bottom, and finds a new tattoo, on the sole of his foot; he
text: blinks as if trying to remember how it got there.
text: Danny moves over to him, and dubs him with a name, COMA.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hey. You. Mr. Coma.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: Where's that lizard?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What lizard?
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: The one that slept in my mouth last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What the hell happened to you guys?
text: Coma is one of those drunks who speak as if he's always about
dialog: to burp.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: Ever hear of mai-tai's? Comes ina
dialog: big...pot. Like...like...
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: A m-missionary?
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: No, like...
text: Coma emits a pukey, toxic burp that has Danny and his buddies
text: wincing back from the fumes.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: This is an Air Base? Where's your squad
dialog: commander?
text: The question soaks through to Coma's brain. His right hand
text: points...and his left hand points...in different directions.
text: His hands float around in the air until finally both of them
text: are indicating the same direction, behind his back. In the
text: bunk beyond Coma's is another drunk pilot in a Hawaiian
text: shirt...and to judge by the shapely bronzed leg that
text: protrudes from under his damp sheet, there's a woman with him
dialog: too.
text: Danny and his buddies are speechless -- except for Red
dialog: Strange.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: I th-think I'm gonna like it here.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: You guys are new?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: Mai-tai's. I got this to tell ya, about
dialog: mai-tai's.
text: Coma's head drifts forward slowly; they think for a moment
text: he's looking for something under the bed. Then he pukes.
text: Danny leaps back from the splatter, and marches out of the
text: barracks; his friends follow.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - AIRFIELD - DAY
text: Danny and his buddies stride up to the airfield. It's full
text: of fighter planes -- and they're all bunched together in
text: clusters on the field. Danny grabs a MECHANIC.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hey! What is this, the planes all
dialog: bunched up like that?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: The brass is afraid of sabotage. This
dialog: makes 'em easier to protect -- and easier
dialog: to service.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What about easier to hit in an air raid?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Who's gonna to that? Japan is four
dialog: thousand miles away. So you guys just
dialog: arrived, huh?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: We got a saying here. A-low-HA!
text: The mechanic walks off. Danny and the guys are left standing
text: on the tarmac.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Well guys...I reckon there's just one
dialog: thing to do...
scene_heading: INT. OAHU BAR - DAY
text: Danny and the pilots are in Hawaiian shirts, their party in
text: full swing. A bucket-sized hollowed-out volcano sits in the
text: middle of the table, with twelve straws emerging from the
text: crater. It's full of booze -- or was; Danny and the other
text: guys are pulling heartily at the straws, and they gurgle as
text: the last liquid is sucked dry.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: More m-mai-tai's!
text: Coma is sitting there with them, beside Red.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: Absolutely right.
text: Everybody's having a ball, the new arrivals fitting right in
text: with the others. Danny's a bit off to himself, lost in his
text: own thoughts. Billy and Anthony are doing the hula to the
text: Hawaiian music playing.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: No, you guys aren't doing it right. It's
text: in the hands. They talk story.
text: Coma stands and starts demonstrating, explaining the gestures
text: of his hula.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: Fish swim in ocean... Happy in the Mother
dialog: Sea... Girl, beautiful girl, with big
text: jugs, walks into water...waves lapping at
dialog: her thighs...
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I never knew those dances were so
dialog: sophisticated.
speaker_heading: COMA
text: ...Fish nibble at her breasts...
text: Coma's really into his dance, his hands over enormous
text: imaginary breasts; but as he turns toward the windows --
speaker_heading: COMA
text: A more beautiful girl walks by...
text: The guys see Evelyn passing on the other side of the street,
text: gorgeous in the sunshine. Coma's hands start squeezing the
text: imaginary breasts of his hula.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Hey, isn't that Evelyn?
text: Danny moves up to look.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Rafe's girl, Evelyn?
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: You guys know her?! I gotta have an
dialog: intro! Man, I'd like to --
text: Danny's hand is suddenly around Coma's larynx.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: A friend of mine's in love with her. So
dialog: you don't even look -- not ever.
text: Danny releases him and Coma staggers back to the table to
text: nuzzle up to one of the straws of the mai-tai volcano.
text: Danny looks out the window again and sees Evelyn's beautiful
text: form disappear around the corner, on her way back to the base
text: hospital. Danny moves back to the table, and as two burly
text: Hawaiian waiters set another full loaded mai-tai volcano onto
text: the center of the table, he picks up a glass and dips it full
text: of the potent liquid. He shouts to the whole room --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm a better pilot than any son-of-a-
dialog: bitch on this island! So I'm the one to
dialog: say this! Here's to Rafe McCawley! A
dialog: better pilot...and a better man...than
dialog: me.
text: The other pilots drink up -- from glasses or from straws.
speaker_heading: OTHER PILOTS
dialog: To Rafe.
text: Danny drains the whole glass at one chug, and slams it down
text: onto the table. Then he blinks, puts a hand on his stomach,
text: and frowns. Coma recognizes the look.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: Uh oh. Volcanic eruption!
text: Danny bends at the waist; his head obscured by the table.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: Shit, he's puking on my feet!
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Well, you p-puked on his feet.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: Yeah, but he was wearing shoes!
scene_heading: INT. ADMIRAL KIMMEL'S OFFICE - OAHU - DAY
text: ADMIRAL KIMMEL is Commander of the American Pacific Fleet.
text: Two members of his staff are standing uncomfortably in front
text: of him, having delivered a message from the Joint Chiefs of
dialog: Staff.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KIMMEL
dialog: ...transfer twelve more destroyers to
dialog: Atlantic Fleet, and all the available
dialog: anti-aircraft weaponry?! Washington has
dialog: gone insane!
text: Kimmel's STRATEGIC ANALYST speaks up.
scene_heading: STRATEGIC ANALYST
dialog: We've done what you ordered, Admiral, and
dialog: war gamed the likely outcome of a
dialog: Japanese attack against each of our major
dialog: bases in the Pacific. Wake, Guam,
dialog: Midway, the Philippines. In each case,
dialog: we lose.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KIMMEL
dialog: You left out Hawaii.
scene_heading: STRATEGIC ANALYST
dialog: Pearl Harbor can't be attacked
dialog: effectively from the air. It's too
text: shallow for an aerial torpedo attack.
dialog: Pearl Harbor's safe. It's everywhere
dialog: else that we're vulnerable.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KIMMEL
dialog: Step up surveillance of Japanese
dialog: communications. They're gonna do
dialog: something somewhere. I can feel it.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SKIES ABOVE OAHU - DAY
text: A seaplane takes tourists on an excursion above Pearl Harbor
text: and around the island of Oahu. One Japanese tourist shoots
text: pictures rapidly...first of the ships as seen from overhead;
text: then he leans to the other side of the plane and shoots
text: pictures of the airfield below them.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: Another Japanese tourist hikes through the hills above Pearl
text: Harbor. He takes an excellent camera from his picnic basket,
dialog: and shoots pictures.
text: CLOSE - THE PICTURES, being carried down a hallway, into --
scene_heading: INT. JAPANESE PLANNERS OFFICE - DAY
text: The courier places the pictures onto the table in front of
text: Yamamoto, Genda, and the other JAPANESE OFFICERS.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: Look at the ships -- all grouped. Perfect
dialog: targets!
speaker_heading: JAPANESE OFFICER
dialog: And the planes! They are -- what is that
dialog: American expression? Sitting geese?
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
text: Sitting ducks.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE OFFICER
dialog: How can they be so foolish?
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: They think no one would be stupid enough
dialog: to attack them at Pearl Harbor.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: Or perhaps they think no one is capable.
dialog: Look at this...
text: He moves to a diagram displayed on the wall -- a simple
text: display showing water depth and ship displacement.
speaker_heading: GENDA
text: Pearl Harbor's depth of only forty feet
text: makes them feel safe. A torpedo dropped
text: from an airplane plunges to one hundred
text: feet before it can level off. That is a
dialog: conventional torpedo. But we have been
dialog: experimenting.
text: From a stand beside his diagram he takes a set of wooden
text: fins, attached to a circular metallic band.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: Wooden fins. We are testing them
dialog: tomorrow.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE ISLAND - DAY
text: Yamamoto and his planners have flown to a quiet Japanese
text: island, sunlit and pleasant. They are gathered on the shore
text: of the island's natural harbor. Wooden targets -- basically
text: huge plank barriers -- are sunk into the water like ships at
text: anchor. A squadron of Japanese planes zooms overhead, taking
text: up attack positions.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: We have chosen this place because its
dialog: depth is exactly the same as Pearl
dialog: Harbor's.
text: Genda speaks into a field radio. A lone plane drops out of
text: formation and goes into a low-level approach, speeding up and
text: dropping its torpedo.
text: BELOW THE SURFACE we see the torpedo as it plunges at two
text: hundred miles an hour into the sunlit sea. With the wooden
text: fins the torpedo makes a sharp dip and levels off above the
dialog: sea floor.
text: ABOVE THE SURFACE the planners see the path of the torpedo;
text: it hits the wooden barrier with a satisfying THUNK. The
text: planners are impressed -- but Yamamoto is not satisfied.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Uncharged torpedoes have different
dialog: balance.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: I have arranged a live fire drill -- with
dialog: your permission.
text: Yamamoto nods; Genda speaks again into his radio, and another
text: plane swoops down and drops a torpedo. Genda holds his hands
text: to his ears, causing the others to do the same; even though
text: they wonder at the need.
text: The torpedo hits the barrier, and the explosion is deafening,
text: and of shocking force; the entire barrier is blown to
text: toothpicks.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: Of course against a ship the explosion
dialog: will not be dissipated, and will have
dialog: more force.
text: The planners, nearly blown off their feet, nod as if they
dialog: knew that all the time.
scene_heading: INT. MILITARY BASE - PILOTS' BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: The pilots are getting slicked up.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Are you sure they're here?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: If Evelyn's here, the rest are here!
text: Red moves up beside him to frown at the mirror. His hair is
text: plastered down and parted, his uniform's immaculate.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Looking good, Red.
dialog: Shut up.
text: Red moves away, to polish his shoes.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: What is it with Red? I've never seen him
dialog: this way.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: He's been like that all day. Hey Danny,
dialog: you coming?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Nah, I'm gonna stay here. Read.
text: Anthony and Billy look at each other; Danny's in his bunk,
text: and he's not reading, just staring at the ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. NURSES' BARRACKS - PEARL HARBOR - NIGHT
text: The nurses are primping to go out; Evelyn is in her uniform
text: getting ready to go back to work.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Now listen, it's hands off Billy. I
dialog: mean, you can put your hands on him if
dialog: you want to, but then my hands will break
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: He was that good?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: No, I was.
scene_heading: EXT. NURSES' QUARTERS - OAHU - NIGHT
text: Creeping through the vegetation, Red leads Anthony and Billy
text: to a spot outside the nurses’ barracks; they can see the
text: girls through the barracks window.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Red, Peeping Tom stuff can get us court-
dialog: marshaled.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Shhh!
text: Anthony and Billy are baffled, even more so when Red strides
text: into the open, right outside the nurses' window.
text: And then, Red begins to sing.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Oh...Betty, Betty, Betty, you're the one
dialog: for me, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, can't
dialog: you see...
text: Anthony and Billy look at each other, dumbfounded. The
text: nurses move to the open windows. Red's singing is pretty
text: good -- though not that good. But he doesn't stutter when he
dialog: sings.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I'll be yours for eternity, Betty, Betty,
dialog: Betty, Betty, Betty!
text: Anthony and Billy are hysterical, trying to keep their
text: laughter hidden. But then they see the effect this is having
text: on the women -- especially on Betty. She's smitten.
text: Red repeats the verse, really getting into it; when he
text: finishes, Betty runs out and hugs him, as all the nurses
text: applaud. They move off into the darkness, arm and arm.
text: The nurses go back to their primping.
text: Anthony and Billy are changed men. Anthony stands up;
text: Billy's baffled. Anthony moves out and starts singing.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Oh Sandra...I like you...love you...
text: He's terrible. The nurses pelt him with hairbrushes,
dialog: curlers, shoes...
scene_heading: EXT. BASSINGBORNE AIRFIELD - BRITAIN - DAY
text: Coming out of the blustery skies at the end of another deadly
text: day, a squadron of Spitfires chirps in for landings. The
text: planes are shot up and battered.
text: Rafe is one of the pilots; the fuselage below his cockpit is
text: marked with four swastikas, symbols of his victories. He
text: taxis to a stop, and is met by IAN, a Scottish mechanic, who
text: is dismayed at the state of the plane.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Leapin' Jesus!
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: (climbing down)
text: The struts are loose, the hydraulics are
text: leaking, and the electrical system's
text: shorting out in the cockpit.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Well which of those three ya want fixed?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: All of 'em.
text: Rafe starts away, and Ian calls to his back --
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: If ye'd wanted a bloody Cadillac ya
dialog: should'a stayed in the bloody States!
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: And if you don't give me a plane that can
dialog: handle combat, you better start learning
dialog: to speak German.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Fook ya!
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Learn English, then!
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Fook ya dooble!
text: Rafe moves to the barracks; Ian keeps the fueling hose going,
text: and moves to help the armorers reload the guns.
scene_heading: INT. BRITISH AIRFIELD BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Rafe falls down onto his cot, exhausted. The other pilots do
dialog: the same, everybody spent from the day's combat. Then they
text: hear the SIREN. Rafe's out of his bunk, with the others,
text: everybody running.
speaker_heading: BRITISH PILOT
dialog: Bloody Krauts! Night raid!
scene_heading: EXT. BASSINGBORNE AIRFIELD - BRITAIN - NIGHT
text: They race across the runway. Rafe reaches his Spitfire, just
text: as Ian is removing the fueling hose.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: I have'na been able ta --
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Crank her!
text: Ian gives the prop a spin, and the engine roars to life.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: God speed ya, laddie.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES OVER THE ENGLISH CHANNEL - NIGHT
text: It's dark, but there are breaks in the clouds, giving way to
text: patches of light from a full moon. The squadron of Spitfires
text: tightens up for battle.
text: Rafe is positioned just right of the squad leader; he sees
text: planes breaking out of the dark clouds ahead.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Here they come.
text: The clouds break, revealing a huge attack formation.
scene_heading: BRITISH SQUAD LEADER
dialog: Alpha group, on the bombers! Beta group,
dialog: take the fighters!
text: They peel off, into action.
scene_heading: EXT. THE AIR BATTLE OVER THE CHANNEL - NIGHT
text: We stay with Rafe as he and the Squad Leader rush side by
text: side at the lead bomber, blasting away with their guns.
scene_heading: INT. GERMAN BOMBER - IN THE AIR - NIGHT
text: The Spitfires’ bullets rip into the pilot and also kill the
text: nose gunner; the bomber dips as the copilot struggles to take
dialog: control.
scene_heading: INT. RAFE, IN HIS SPITFIRE - NIGHT
text: As he streaks past, Rafe sees the bomber wobble in the air.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: We've got him hurt, stay on him!
text: Rafe throws his plane into an ultra-tight, high speed turn,
text: right between the tails of the leader German group and the
text: noses of the second. His turn is so tight that the plane
text: flexes with the g-force.
text: Rafe comes out of his turn ahead of the Squad Leader, and
text: races back up through the formation of German bombers, moving
text: above them where their weapons and armaments are the weakest.
text: He stitches a trail of bullets from tail to nose of the
text: wounded lead bomber; it begins to smoke.
text: The second Spitfire, the Squad Leader's, takes fire from the
text: other German bombers, and shears off, heading through the
text: smoke of the plane Rafe has on the ropes.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: We've got him going!
text: Rafe does a half-loop and half-spin, to bring him around to
text: face the bombers again. This time the g-force of the turn
text: pops an oil line inside Rafe's cockpit; hot, pressurized oil
text: begins to spray everywhere -- all over Rafe, his controls,
text: and worst of all, over the inside of his cockpit glass.
text: He wipes at the oil with his hands and that just smears it
dialog: and makes it worse.
text: His wingman sees him veering away from the bombers...and sees
text: the German fighters moving up to meet him.
speaker_heading: SQUAD LEADER
dialog: McCawley! Get to the clouds! Get into
dialog: the clouds!
text: RAFE, IN HIS PLANE, is flying blind.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I can't see the clouds!
text: His problems are just beginning; the fluid is dripping down
text: onto his cockpit's corroded electrical wiring; the fluid
text: causes an arc...a spark...and suddenly a fire is spreading
text: through Rafe's plane.
text: He grabs his fire extinguisher and triggers a cloud that
text: snuffs the fire but fills the entire cockpit with choking
text: smoke; between that and the smeared fluid on his glass, he
dialog: can't see a thing.
text: And the Messerschmidts are swarming over him.
text: Rafe's wingman dives in, raking the German planes as he
dialog: passes.
text: Rafe tries to open his cockpit cover to clear the smoke, but
text: it's jammed; he pulls out his .45 pistol and BLAM! BLAM!
text: BLAM! He blows out the glass; the smoke clears enough for
text: him to take a breath and try to see. He fights the stick,
text: but the plane won't respond.
text: The Messerschmidts rake him again, bullets riddling his
dialog: engine.
speaker_heading: SQUAD LEADER
dialog: Get out of there, McCawley! Get out of
dialog: there!
text: Rafe's plane descends, ever faster, passing through clouds,
text: then clear air again. The Squad Leader tries to chase and
text: cover him, but Rafe's dropping fast, and still isn't out of
text: the plane as the Germans dive on him again, firing.
text: Rafe's Spitfire hits the broken fog over the water -- the
text: Squad Leader loses sight of it for a moment -- and then the
text: plane hits, splashing and exploding all at once.
text: The Squad Leader winces, and ducks into the clouds as he
text: reports on his radio...
speaker_heading: SQUAD LEADER
text: McCawley down. No ‘chute.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLESHIP WEST VIRGINIA - PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: The sailors have assembled on deck for the ship's heavyweight
dialog: championship fight, a contest made more interesting to the
text: sailors because one of the combatants is white and the other
text: is black.
dialog: The battle is more toughness than technique. The guys
text: throwing haymakers and shoving each other around the roped
text: area, as their shipmates cheer and make wild bets. The white
text: guy digs a punch deep into the black guy's ribs, and the
text: black guy slams a double left hook into the white guy's
dialog: belly, making him back up and say --
speaker_heading: WHITE BOXER
dialog: You hit hard -- for a cook.
text: The black guy rushes the white guy, only to catch a right
text: cross that wobbles his knees and makes him stagger, with a
text: fresh cut over his right eye. The white guy now rushes in,
text: and the black guy (his name is DORIE MILLER) throws an upper
text: cut that drops his opponent like a sack of rocks.
text: The sailors cheer wildly. Dorie steps back, and rubs his
text: glove across his brow. It's really bleeding now.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE - DAY
text: Evelyn is returning from church with six of her nurse
text: friends. It's very quiet on a Sunday morning, almost nobody
text: at the base; they walk along the path.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Let's get into civvies and find a bar.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Right after church?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: You've gotta sin some, to get
dialog: forgiveness. Come with us, Evelyn. You
dialog: need some sin.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I've got to write some requisitions.
dialog: We're undersupplied with morphine.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Morphine? We've been here a month and
dialog: nobody's had worse than a sunburn.
text: Evelyn smiles softly and walks toward the base hospital.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I wish she could forget him.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: You don't forget love, Honey. Not ever.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: Evelyn approaches the hospital and finds the black boxer
text: peering in the window. He's in a T-shirt and navy pants.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Can I help you, sailor?
text: As Dorie turns, she sees the cut on his head, closed only
text: with a band-aid; it's dripping blood down his T-shirt.
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: "Scuse me, ‘Mam. All the ship's doctors
dialog: is golfing, and I couldn't find nobody to
dialog: look at this.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Our doctor's gone too.
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: Sorry to trouble you.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Wait, let me look at that... You better
dialog: come in here.
scene_heading: INT. MILITARY BASE HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Miller is sitting on a stool; Evelyn bathes the wound.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How'd you get this?
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: Boxin'.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Win?
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: Yes'm.
text: He says it without pride. She puts down the basin.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: Dorie Miller, ‘Mam.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm Evelyn. And I'm just a nurse. But
dialog: I'm not playing golf, and that cut needs
dialog: sewing, or else it's gonna make a big
dialog: lumpy scar. Whatta ya say?
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - PEARL HARBOR - LATER
text: Evelyn clips the ends of her carefully applied stitches;
text: Dorie's eyes are rolled up as if he could watch from inside
text: his skull.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How often you fight like this?
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: Every other Sunday. I'm heavyweight
dialog: champion of the West Virginia.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What do you get for winning?
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: Respect.
text: She hands him a mirror. He studies her work.
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: No doctor would'a give me that good.
text: She walks him to the door.
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: Thank you, ‘Mam.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Tell me something, Dorie. A man as big
dialog: as you -- and smart too, you knew where
dialog: to come when your ship couldn't help --
dialog: do you still have to fight with your
dialog: fists to get respect?
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: I left my Mama and joined the Navy to be
dialog: aman. They made me a cook -- and not
dialog: even that, really -- I clean up after the
dialog: other sailors eat. I shine the officer's
dialog: shoes. In two years, they've never even
dialog: let me fire a gun.
text: Now Evelyn understands.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You take care, Dorie.
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: You too, 'Mam.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE HOSPITAL - SUNSET
text: Dorie walks away, down the path between the palm trees. She
text: watches him go, and then is transfixed by someone else
text: coming, silhouetted by the light of the setting sun. She
text: can't make out his face, but he's wearing a pilot's dress
text: uniform, and coming to her right out of the warm orange
text: sunset that she has stared at so many times. Her heart slams
text: against her ribs; she takes a few steps forward.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: ...-Rafe...
text: She moves toward him, and he draws near her, walking slowly.
text: And then she sees his face...
text: It's Danny. His face as sad as death itself.
text: And even before he tells her, she knows.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Lieutenant... I'm Danny Walker. I'm Rafe
text: McCawley's best friend.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Were. Isn't that what you mean? Were.
dialog: Because he's dead, isn't he? And that's
dialog: why you've come.
scene_heading: EXT. A BENCH - OVERLOOKING PEARL HARBOR - SUNSET
text: Evelyn and Danny sit on the bench, with a sweeping view of
text: the harbor and the lights winking on all around it as the sun
text: settles beyond the horizon. Evelyn is stoic, numb; Danny is
text: the one who is struggling.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Before Rafe left, he asked me to be the
dialog: one to tell you, if it happened.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He told me about you. That he had no
dialog: other friend like you.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Rafe's folks had a crop dusting business,
dialog: owned their own planes. Real straight,
dialog: frugal. My father was the town drunk.
dialog: Went to sleep one night on the railroad
dialog: tracks and was still there when the Dawn
dialog: Express came along. Rafe and I were the
dialog: only ones at the funeral. He took me
dialog: back to his house, and I never left.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You were more like brothers.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I taught him to drink beer. He taught me
dialog: how to fly.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He said you're the only one he ever saw
dialog: who was better in the air than him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ...He said that?
text: Evelyn nods, still staring away from Danny. This pierces
text: Danny; he looks away, struggling not to let the emotions pull
text: him completely under.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look, uh...Rafe's dad...he wrote me with
dialog: the news, and it took me a couple of days
dialog: to work up the guts to come here and tell
dialog: you. I'm not as brave as Rafe, or as
dialog: noble. But if there's anything I can
dialog: ever do to help -- you let me know, okay?
text: She stares into the distance. He stands and puts his hand on
text: top of hers, as much for his comfort as for hers.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I understand why Rafe loved you. You're
dialog: as strong as he was.
text: Since she's still not looking at him, he starts to move away.
text: When he reaches the turn in the path, he looks back, and sees
text: her figure in the gathering darkness. She's begun to break
text: down; and as he watches, her whole body starts convulsing,
text: and she doubles up in shattering grief.
text: Danny can't just stand there; he moves back to her, and puts
text: a hand on her shoulder. He sits beside her again, and
text: suddenly she turns to him and sobs upon him. Danny wraps her
text: gently in his arms, and then he breaks down, having found the
text: first place he can truly grieve.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE BOMBING PRACTICE - JAPANESE ISLAND - DAY
text: The Japanese have constructed a replica of Pearl Harbor on
dialog: their practice island; erecting new target barriers and
text: silhouettes of the various ships anchored at Pearl. Streams
text: of Japanese planes skim overhead in practice bombing runs,
text: dropping dummy torpedoes and bombs. From a control platform
text: erected on the beach, Yamamoto and Genda oversee it all.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Everything real except the fact that no
text: one is shooting back at us.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: If we achieve surprise, they will offer
dialog: little resistance.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Set up teams of radio operators to send
dialog: out messages the Americans will
dialog: intercept, concerning every potential
dialog: American target in the Pacific. Include
dialog: Hawaii -- the clutter will be more
dialog: confusing that way.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: Brilliant, Admiral.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: A brilliant man would find a way not to
dialog: fight a war.
text: He looks out at the planes roaring into his practice harbor
dialog: at top speed...
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Roosevelt's valet leans over him.
text: Roosevelt wakes; beside the valet is a Presidential AIDE.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Mr. President, we've received a message
dialog: from the Argentinian ambassador to Japan.
dialog: His sources tell him the Japanese are
dialog: assembling their fleet to attack us.
scene_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
dialog: We're picking up warnings for every
dialog: American base in the Pacific. Does this
dialog: ambassador know the target?
speaker_heading: AIDE
text: Not for sure. But he thinks it's Pearl
dialog: Harbor.
scene_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
dialog: Tell the Pentagon.
text: The Aide leaves quickly and Roosevelt starts to get out of
text: bed; his valet comes to help him.
scene_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
dialog: No, George, I need the practice, in case
text: there's a fire.
text: Roosevelt drags himself out of bed, crawling toward the
text: bathroom, his powerful arms dragging his lifeless legs.
scene_heading: INT. PENTAGON - DAY
text: ADMIRALS and other OFFICERS are gathered around a giant map
dialog: of the Pacific.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL
text: The attack seems inevitable. The
dialog: question is where? The way to answer
dialog: that question is to ask: if we were the
dialog: Japanese, how would we do it?
text: He nods to a VICE ADMIRAL, who stands over the map.
speaker_heading: VICE ADMIRAL
dialog: Between America and the Far East are the
dialog: sea lanes where the winds and the
dialog: currents make the best route for
text: shipping. Far above is the northern
dialog: route, between Canada and Russia.
dialog: Between these two is something they call
dialog: the Vacant Sea. If I were the Japs, I'd
dialog: send a task force there. You could hide
dialog: the entire land mass of Asia in the
dialog: Vacant Sea, and nobody would know.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL
dialog: So they pop out and attack where?
speaker_heading: VICE ADMIRAL
dialog: That's the problem, Admiral. They could
dialog: hit anywhere they want.
dialog: Nobody has any solution.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: A huge Japanese fleet steams toward Hawaii. It is an awesome
text: sight. Carriers, battleships, destroyers, and entire battle
text: group, traveling under complete radio silence, their hulls
text: power through the waves. On the lower decks of the carriers
text: are hundreds of planes -- fighters and bombers.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: The American ships are lined up at anchor, calm, placid.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: The sailors and soldiers bask in the sun, play volleyball.
text: The aircraft carrier Lexington steams past toward the harbor
dialog: entrance.
scene_heading: VOLLEYBALL PLAYER 1
dialog: Where's the Lexington going?
scene_heading: VOLLEYBALL PLAYER 2
text: Out on maneuvers, like the Enterprise.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLF COURSES - OAHU - DAY
text: Men in military haircuts -- officers -- stroll the golf
text: courses, enjoying themselves.
scene_heading: INT. DENTIST'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The DENTIST, an ethnic Japanese, is working on a patient with
text: his mouth agape. The DENTIST ASSISTANT intrudes.
speaker_heading: DENTAL ASSISTANT
dialog: Dr. Takanawa, you have a call from Tokyo.
speaker_heading: DENTIST
dialog: Please excuse me. Just relax.
text: Leaving his patient with a mouth full of instruments, the
text: Dentist moves to his outer office, which looks directly out
text: over Pearl Harbor. He speaks in Japanese.
speaker_heading: DENTIST
dialog: Takanawa... Yes?...
text: He seems confused by the call, but he responds by looking out
text: over the harbor, then saying into the receiver --
speaker_heading: DENTIST
dialog: Yes, they are all...no wait, I see the
text: big one moving. The one that's flat on
dialog: top, what do they call it?...
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE BASE - DAY
text: Some tired Army Intelligence types -- A LISTENER, a TRACKER,
text: and an INTELLIGENCE SUPERVISOR, are sitting at a bank of
text: phones. The LISTENER is a Japanese-American.
speaker_heading: LISTENER
dialog: Here's something, over the line from
dialog: Tokyo.
text: He switches on the recording equipment and looks to the
text: TRACER, sitting at a battery of equipment.
speaker_heading: TRACER
text: It's connected to a local dentist. His
text: office is beside Pearl Harbor.
scene_heading: INTELLIGENCE SUPERVISOR
dialog: This dentist, is he a spy?
speaker_heading: LISTENER
text: Sounds too innocent. His accent is from
dialog: the old country. Somebody official-
dialog: sounding calls, he thinks it's
dialog: discourteous not to respond.
scene_heading: INT. BARBER SHOP - DAY
text: Admiral Kimmel is settling into the barber chair when his
text: AIDE enters and nods for the barber to move a few paces away,
dialog: so that he can speak privately.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Sir, we just had an intelligence
dialog: intercept. Someone from Tokyo called a
text: local dentist whose office looks over
dialog: Pearl. They wanted to know the exact
dialog: location of the ships.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KIMMEL
text: Someone from Tokyo asks a dentist how the
dialog: ships are sitting... What are we supposed
dialog: to do about that?
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: I...don't know, Sir. But it just seemed
dialog: significant.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KIMMEL
dialog: Have intelligence keep monitoring him.
text: The Admiral sinks back into the chair.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE HOSPITAL - DAY
text: A young amateur PHOTOGRAPHER, about 16, wearing a hat with
text: "PICTURES OF PARADISE" printed on it's crown is ready to snap
text: a shot of Evelyn and her nurse friends having a picnic lunch
text: on the lawn outside the hospital.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Closer, ladies! Closer! Now smile!...
dialog: Great! Next week I'll show you a print
dialog: and you can order your Pictures of
dialog: Paradise!
text: He hustles off. Betty hands out picnic baskets.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Barbara, here's yours...and Evelyn, here
dialog: you are.
text: Evelyn opens her basket, and finds a lei of Hawaiian flowers
text: stuffed in the top. Betty scoots over and puts the flowers
text: around Evelyn's neck.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: It's been a month and you haven't smiled.
dialog: We just want you to know we love you.
text: Evelyn's touched -- but before she can react two P-40's zoom
text: out of the skies, wings clipping the tops of the palm trees
text: as they blast over head.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT'S OF THE P-40'S - DAY
text: Danny and Anthony are the pilots; as they pull up and away,
text: they pass over some officers on the golf course, scaring the
text: shit out of them as they putt.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE HOSPITAL - DAY
text: The nurses have sprawled to the ground; now even Evelyn is
text: smiling.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: What is it with nurses and pilots?
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE HOSPITAL - PEARL HARBOR - EVENING
text: Evelyn walks out of the hospital. She's still wearing her
text: lei. The sun is going down in a spectacular sunset.
text: She stares at the orange glow at the edge of the world. She
text: breathes in the sea air, and tries to breathe out the
text: sadness. The water of the harbor laps close to where she
text: stands, the sunset polishing its surface.
text: She takes the lei from her neck, plucks a single flower, and
text: holds it like the rose Rafe once gave her. Then she tosses
text: the rest of the lei into the ocean and watches it float away,
text: as the sun sinks behind the horizon.
scene_heading: INT. MILITARY BASE HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Evelyn finds her purse, and tucks the flower into it. She's
text: alone in the hospital, everyone else has gone; she turns her
text: mind toward work, something to lose herself in.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE - NEAR THE PILOTS' BARRACKS - DAY
text: Danny is walking toward the barracks when a COLONEL hopping
text: mad, confronts him.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: You're Walker, right?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes Sir.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: That was a nice little stunt you pulled,
text: buzzing the base.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You liked that?
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Oh yeah. I liked it so much I'm cutting
dialog: you out of the squadron.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: I don't buy that hot dog shit. So you
dialog: and your buddies are gonna transfer your
text: planes up to Haleiwa.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hale-what?
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: You'll love it. No base, no bars, just
text: lots of sun and aircraft maintenance.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Sir, I --
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Too late for apologies, Walker.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I wasn't gonna apologize, Sir. I was
dialog: just gonna say it was worth it to feel
dialog: like a real pilot again, even if it was
text: only for five seconds.
text: The Colonel glares at him and stalks away.
scene_heading: INT. BASE CANTEEN - NIGHT
text: Danny and Evelyn are having coffee at the base canteen.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How's everything?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We got some soldiers in traction from a
text: jeep accident, but it's quiet. Except
dialog: for the occasional fighter plane buzzing
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That might not have been such a good
dialog: idea. They're making us fly out of a
text: half-paved airfield. The real punishment
dialog: is that I won't be back to the barracks
text: till it's too late for dinner or coffee.
dialog: So I guess it's goodbye for awhile.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I was just thinking that war is a series
dialog: of goodbyes. Do you think that's why
dialog: we're meeting. To help us say goodbye to
dialog: Rafe?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I swore not to talk about him tonight,
dialog: but there's all this stuff I think I
dialog: ought to tell you, that he didn't get a
dialog: chance to. Rafe was...he was lonely. He
dialog: had such high expectations of himself
dialog: that he always felt empty. The week he
dialog: met you he told me he felt his heart had
dialog: always lived in winter, and for the first
text: time in his life he has seen the spring.
text: He's been lost in his own thoughts of Rafe; now he notices
text: the tears welling up in her eyes.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He told me he didn't want to leave me
dialog: with regret. Now that's all I have.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hey, have you seen Pearl Harbor at night?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well...sure.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: From the air?
scene_heading: EXT. HALEIWA AIR FIELD - NIGHT
text: A P-40 takes off from the remote airfield, lit only by the
text: full moon.
scene_heading: INT. P-40 - NIGHT
text: Evelyn sits on Danny's lap, like Rafe sat in his Daddy's lap
text: years before. Danny flies easily, the cockpit open, his arms
text: slipped under hers.
text: The sky above them is startlingly clear; a billion stars
text: dancing around a full moon.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: So beautiful!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hang on.
text: He spins the plane in an easy half turn, inverting their
text: heads above Pearl Harbor, gorgeous in the moonlight, the
text: battleships aglow, the moon reflected in the peaceful water,
text: embraced by the island of Oahu.
scene_heading: EXT. HALEIWA AIR FIELD - NIGHT
text: The P-40 soars easily in and settles to earth. Danny shuts
text: down the engine. Danny carefully removes the harness around
text: her. She looks overhead. The stars are still bright above
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I didn't realize until tonight that I've
dialog: stopped wanting to live.
text: She turns in his lap, and looks at him. Their eyes connect.
text: Tentatively, almost reluctantly, they kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: The POV of someone moving through the gathering darkness
text: approaches the hospital.
text: The lights from within the hospital, and the pristine white
text: beds beneath those lights, give the place a kind of glow,
text: where Evelyn moves alone and beautiful, like a ballerina in a
text: giant's jewel box.
text: Now we see the shoulders of the figure, from behind, and can
text: tell that it is a man in uniform, but at first we can't tell
text: who. He's standing dead still, transfixed in watching Evelyn
text: through the windows.
scene_heading: INT. BASE HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Evelyn moves to her desk, and sits down. She looks at the
text: calender turning back to October, where she wrote on the
dialog: square of October 22, "Order supplies" -- she counts the
dialog: weeks from then to today, December 6.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: We see the full figure of the man watching her. And now we
text: see his face. It is Rafe.
text: His left hand is bandaged, but he is very much alive --
text: though seeing Evelyn has taken his breath, and even seems to
text: have robbed him of the power to move. His eyes pick up every
text: detail of her -- her face...her hands.
text: And as Rafe watches Evelyn, he has the SUDDEN JOLTS OF
text: SUBLIMINAL FLASHBACKS...punctuated by fragments of the letter
text: she wrote to him, and INTERCUT with Rafe in the present,
dialog: watching Evelyn.
speaker_heading: EVELYN'S VOICE
dialog: Dearest Rafe --
text: IN SUBLIMINAL FLASHBACK, RAFE'S SPITFIRE, crippled and
text: trailing smoke, passing through a patch of cloud as Rafe
text: hurls himself from the cockpit and jerks the ripcord of his
dialog: chute.
text: IN THE PRESENT...Rafe's face winces with the memory, and he
text: rivets his eyes on Evelyn, as if to force himself to know
dialog: that this moment is real.
text: SUBLIMINAL FLASHBACK...RAFE LANDS IN THE WATER, and the shock
text: of its coldness travels up his body faster than his body
text: sinks into the water. He's cloaked in the fog; his
text: parachute, pushed by the wind, is pulling him along face
text: down. He fights with the straps, flips himself over, and
dialog: pulls the release...
text: But he's still in desperate trouble; in his flying clothes,
text: his heavy leather jacket soaking with sea-water, he's going
text: down; his body sinks beneath the surface.
speaker_heading: EVELYN'S VOICE
dialog: ...Every sunset...
text: IN THE PRESENT, Rafe's chest trembles... Is it from the
text: memory of the frozen water, from the emotion of seeing Evelyn
dialog: again -- or both?
text: SUBLIMINAL FLASHBACKS -- Below the surface of the North Sea,
text: Rafe's body drifts, but he fights his way back up...he kicks
text: off his shoes, sheds the jacket, strips off his pants and
text: starts tying the cuffs into knots.
text: Then, in a CUT, he is floating in the water, his pants turned
text: into a makeshift life preserver, his body shaking
text: convulsively from the cold.
text: Then in another CUT we see him after he's been in the water
text: for so long that his body no longer trembles; he's lost
dialog: consciousness. He has no strength, no will to live... His
text: face settles into the water...his body slips from his
text: preserver, and drifts beneath the surface...
speaker_heading: EVELYN'S VOICE
dialog: ...gather it's heat into my heart, and
dialog: send it to you...
text: IN FLASHBACK, Rafe beneath the surface... His eyes come open.
text: From his POV beneath the water, he sees something above the
text: surface. It's only in his mind, but that makes it no less
text: real...an orange glow, the warmth of the sunset, and her face
text: above the surface... His limbs come to life, and he fights
text: his way up, breaking the surface. The whole sea around him
text: is dark and empty, but he grabs his makeshift preserver and
dialog: holds on for dear life...and for Evelyn.
text: IN THE PRESENT Rafe stares through the window, at Evelyn, but
text: he can't go in. He backs away from the window.
scene_heading: INT. PILOT'S BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: A Japanese-American MESSAGE BOY parks his motorbike outside
text: and enters the barracks.
speaker_heading: MESSAGE BOY
dialog: Daniel Walker?...
text: Danny rises from his bunk and accepts the telegram. As the
text: message boy leaves, Danny reads... The news he learns stuns
dialog: him...
scene_heading: EXT. BENCH - OUTSIDE THE HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Rafe is still lost in thought. He hears steps running up --
text: and sees Danny -- who spots him at the same moment.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Rafe!
scene_heading: INT. MILITARY BASE HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Evelyn puts away the calender.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Rafe is sitting at the bench, his head down.
text: ANGLE - Evelyn on the path; she sees someone on the bench,
text: his form hauntingly familiar. He hears her, and looks up.
dialog: It's Rafe.
text: From Evelyn's POV, the whole world spins. She faints.
text: Rafe jumps to catch her before she slams to the ground. He
text: gathers her into his arms, and she looks up into his face.
dialog: He's real, very real.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Evelyn.
text: She's trembling, shaking. He lifts her to her feet, and
text: moves her to the bench.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I sent telegrams, I guess the military
dialog: traffic held them up.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why were you sitting here, instead of...
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I saw you, I couldn't go in, I...just
dialog: stood there wondering if you knew. You
dialog: looked...sad, and I had to sit down a
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How did you?...
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: ...Survive? I jumped in a patch of fog,
dialog: and nobody could see me. I hit the water
dialog: hard. And it was so...cold.
text: He looks toward the horizon, when the last light of day fades
text: to black. There's something he thinks about saying, and
dialog: doesn't. Then...
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I don't know how long I was in the water.
dialog: A Norwegian freighter picked me up. They
text: were headed to Spain. They docked in La
text: Rota, right beside a German ship, and
dialog: told me to stay hidden below. I was
dialog: afraid they'd turn me in, so I stole some
dialog: clothes, jumped ship, and found a church,
dialog: where the priest contacted the
dialog: resistance, and got me on a freighter to
dialog: New York.
text: He looks at her, then looks down again.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I called my folks, then Colonel
dialog: Doolittle. The Colonel sent a man to
dialog: pick me up. They wanted to debrief me.
dialog: I told the Colonel I needed to see
dialog: somebody first, and he had a supply
text: flight heading out in an hour.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've done a lot of talking. You haven't
dialog: said anything.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm just...so amazed, so glad to know
dialog: that you're okay. You are okay, aren't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Nothing that won't heal. I guess.
text: At these words, she looks at him for a long, long moment.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's been...so different, being so sure
dialog: you were dead.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I'm so sorry for what you must've gone
dialog: through, but I'm back.
text: He sees the troubled look on her face.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Maybe I've assumed too much. Has
dialog: something changed?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm afraid to ask what. And I'm afraid
dialog: not to.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Have you fallen in love?
text: She nods; she can't even say it. Rafe's dying inside.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: It's all right. Danny always said I see
dialog: things with my emotions instead of my
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's not your fault, Rafe. The letter I
dialog: wrote you, they --
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Don't worry about that. Guys away from
text: home, lonely, good-hearted women try to
dialog: cheer them up.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's not that I didn't mean everything I
dialog: wrote. It's just that -- I thought you
dialog: were dead. And now --
text: Danny runs up, through the darkness.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You're alive!
text: Rafe and Danny stare at each other; Danny hesitates, looking
text: from Rafe to Evelyn, wondering what they've said. Then Rafe
text: looks at Evelyn, and picks up the look on her face. In that
text: moment he puts it all together.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Aw, God. Oh my God.
text: Danny's speechless, and for a moment Evelyn is too.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Rafe --
text: He puts up a hand, to silence her, and walks away suddenly.
text: Evelyn and Danny are left frozen.
scene_heading: EXT. SHORE OF PEARL HARBOR - NIGHT
text: Rafe stares out at the harbor, seeing nothing. As he stands
text: there alone and shattered, he has one more
scene_heading: SUBLIMINAL FLASHBACK
text: Rafe is in the water of the North Sea; he seems dead, but his
text: makeshift preserver is keeping his face above the surface.
text: Something slides through the water and stops beside him; it's
text: a dinghy, and behind it is a trawler.
text: Hands grab Rafe and drag him onto the dinghy...
text: In a QUICK CUT, Rafe's body is laid out on the deck of the
text: trawler. The crewmen think he's dead. His body is stiff,
text: his lips white; and they say so, in Norwegian...
text: But one of the other crewmen notices a quiver in his eyelid,
text: then quickly covers Rafe with his on wool peacoat and presses
text: back an eyelid to see his pupils. Rafe's white lips move.
text: The crewmen realize he's trying to say something.
text: And Rafe does utter something, barely audible; something the
dialog: Norwegian crewmen don't understand.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Evelyn...
text: IN THE PRESENT Rafe struggles to bury that memory so far that
dialog: he'll never feel it again.
scene_heading: EXT. NURSES' QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Danny escorts Evelyn back to her quarters.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Don't worry. I'll find him.
text: He hugs her; their embrace earnest yet tingled with guilt,
text: and Danny leave quickly. Betty steps out of the nurses’
text: quarters and hands Evelyn a telegram.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: This came while you were gone.
text: Evelyn knows it's the telegram from Rafe, to tell her he's
text: alive. Without opening it, she begins to cry, and hurries
text: away from the barracks so the other nurses won't see.
scene_heading: EXT. HICKAM FIELD - NIGHT
text: Danny crosses the tarmac toward the clustered P-40's. He
text: spots what he's looking for. Sitting in the cockpit of one
text: of the P-40's is Rafe. Rafe won't look at him. Danny climbs
text: up on the wing, and sits down there.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You'd always go sit in a plane whenever
dialog: you were upset.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Upset? Why should I be upset?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Let's go get a drink. Unless you're
dialog: scared to talk about it.
text: CLOSE - A Mai-Tai volcano clunks onto a table.
scene_heading: INT. FUNKY OAHU BAR - DAY
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Drink up. Then we'll talk.
text: Rafe takes the challenge, and takes a long pull on one of the
text: straws. Red, Anthony, Billy, and several others enter the
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Rafe?!
text: They rush the table...
scene_heading: INT. FUNKY OAHU BAR - LATER
text: They're all drinking, and the whole bar is rocking. Rafe
text: uses glasses to show his buddies tactics.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: They'll go under you because their planes
dialog: are faster, then they run so you can't
dialog: catch 'em. But then they'll come around
dialog: and take you from behind -- like some
dialog: Americans will.
text: The last words bring the group to silence. The other guys
text: drift away, to give them room.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Why be sorry? That's what you feel, it's
dialog: better to come out with it.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I didn't mean it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Sure you did. So come on. Say what you
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Waitress! Four beers!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You don't wanna put beer over mai-tai.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: If you can't keep up, don't drink yours.
text: The waitress delivers four bottles to the table. Rafe takes
text: a slow sip, then stares at Danny.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: We gotta face some facts here.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What facts are those?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I understand how it could happen. I know
dialog: why any guy would love her. And I can't
dialog: blame you that it happened. You thought
dialog: I was dead, she was grieving, you were
text: trying to help her.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I was grieving too.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Yeah, right. Anyway, you didn't know.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So what are you saying?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I'm saying now you do know. So it's time
dialog: for you to fuck off.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You left her. How's that for a fact?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: How's this for a fact? I loved her
dialog: first.
text: Danny takes a long pull of beer, and Rafe does the same.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You know, you're a lousy drinker.
dialog: Drinking's supposed to make men feel
dialog: bigger. It only makes you stupid. And
dialog: weak.
text: Rafe nods thoughtfully, and sets down his beer.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: How's this?
text: BAM! He knocks Danny out of the chair, flat on his ass.
text: Danny backhands the blood from the corner of his mouth.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You want it, you got it.
text: He kicks Rafe in the back of the knee, then mule kicks him in
text: the chest as he goes down, and the fight is on.
text: The bar's bouncer, a big Samoan, moves over to break them up
text: -- but Anthony steps in his way.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Let ‘em fight, they need it.
text: The bouncer tosses Anthony aside, but before he can move in
text: to interrupt the fight, Red breaks a lava volcano of Mai-Tai
text: over the bouncer's skull. The bartender picks up the phone
dialog: to call the M.P.'s.
text: Rafe and Danny are exchanging punches in the middle of the
text: room. Sailors sitting at the bar have swung around on their
text: stools to watch the action. The other pilots are wincing
text: with the punches their friends exchange, and bobbing and
text: weaving as if in the fight themselves. A SAILOR tapes Billy.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: Is this a private fight or can anybody
dialog: jump in?
text: Billy hits him. The whole bar erupts.
text: Rafe and Danny are really having at it, fueled by so much
text: emotion that nothing hurts. They're on the floor now, trying
text: to rip each other apart. They struggle to their feet and
text: Rafe manages to knee Danny in the balls. Danny doubles over
dialog: in pain.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: That hurt? I didn't think you had any
dialog: balls.
text: Without looking up, Danny lunges at Rafe, tackling him around
text: the waist, driving him at the wall.
text: But they don't hit the wall; they tumble through the back
text: window of the bar -- not covered in glass, but fronds and
text: wood -- and out into the back alley.
text: They're lying there in the debris when they see the M.P.
text: jeeps coming. They drag each other to their feet, and run
dialog: away.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - NIGHT
text: The Japanese task force rumbles through the night, the bows
text: of the great ships blasting through the crashing waves.
scene_heading: INT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER AKAGI - NIGHT
text: Yamamoto's flagship. The clock reaches midnight, and a
text: sailor tears off it's calender. It's December 7, 1941.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: The submarines will be reaching the
dialog: harbor soon. I hope they don't set off
text: the alarm too soon.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - NEAR PEARL HARBOR - NIGHT
text: An American destroyer, the SELFRIDGE, leads a squadron of
text: destroyers on patrol, near the entrance of Pearl Harbor.
text: LOOKOUTS on the bridge think they spot something.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DESTROYER SELFRIDGE - NIGHT
text: The WATCH OFFICER listens to a report on his headset and
text: turns to the CAPTAIN.
speaker_heading: WATCH OFFICER
text: Captain, lookouts report a sighting, two
text: points off the starboard beam.
text: The sonar operator looks up and nods.
speaker_heading: SELFRIDGE CAPTAIN
dialog: How big?
speaker_heading: SONAR OPERATOR
dialog: .»..I've lost it.
speaker_heading: SELFRIDGE CAPTAIN
dialog: Probably a blackfish. I've seen them
text: look like subs.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - NEAR PEARL HARBOR - NIGHT
text: Another destroyer, the RALPH TALBOT, cruises behind the
text: Selfridge. On it's bridge, the DUTY OFFICER speaks to the
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN.
speaker_heading: DUTY OFFICER
text: Sir, Selfridge reports a contact, then
dialog: lost it. Now our sonar reports the
dialog: contact.
text: The Captain looks toward the Selfridge, then trains his
text: binoculars on the water were the Duty Officer points. He
text: sees something dark and black slipping along beneath the
text: surface. He gets onto his intercom.
text: CAPTAIN OF THE RALPH TALBOT
dialog: Radio room! Raise the Selfridge. Tell
dialog: the Squadron Commander we have spotted a
dialog: sub and request permission to depth
dialog: charge.
text: He looks again at the black shape, passing a few hundred
text: yards from them.
text: CAPTAIN OF THE RALPH TALBOT
dialog: We're five miles from Pearl Harbor and
text: it's moving in from the open sea.
text: Prepare to move to attack speed.
text: The INTERCOM comes alive.
speaker_heading: INTERCOM
dialog: Sir, the Squadron Commander on Selfridge
dialog: denies permission.
text: CAPTAIN OF THE RALPH TALBOT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: INTERCOM
dialog: Denies, Sir. He says it's a blackfish.
text: The Captain chokes back his frustration and shuts down the
text: intercom -- but then he says to the Duty Officer, as they
text: watch the shape disappear toward Pearl Harbor...
text: CAPTAIN OF THE RALPH TALBOT
dialog: If it's a blackfish, it has a motorboat
dialog: up it's ass!
scene_heading: EXT. OAHU - ROAD - NIGHT
text: Danny has pulled his Buick convertible off the road; Rafe is
text: bent over, his head out of frame; he's throwing up. Danny's
text: banged up from the fight and still drunk himself; he waits
text: beside Rafe, who chokes out between heaves --
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: How come you're not pukin'?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I guess I'm used to it. I've felt like
dialog: throwing up every minute since you got
dialog: back.
text: Rafe straightens up, but the waves of sickness come back over
text: him and he bends over again. Danny looks at his friend, and
text: the pain is written on Danny's face.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Don't blame her, Rafe. It's not like
dialog: you're thinking.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: (between heaves)
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She loves you. I know that. And part of
dialog: what she loves in me is how much of you
dialog: she sees in me.
text: Rafe doesn't seem to be listening; but Danny knows he is.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We were both torn up. I started dropping
dialog: by to see her, because we understood what
dialog: each other felt. We'd have coffee and
dialog: try not to talk about you, but we always
dialog: would.
text: Rafe stands to face Danny; this is hard for Danny to say.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She said I was so much like you. I said,
dialog: No, I'm not. I'm like I am because of
dialog: you, but I'm not you, not as good as you.
dialog: Everybody else saw me as a loser with a
dialog: big chip on his shoulder. But you saw
dialog: the better part of me, the part of me
dialog: that could be like you, and changed me.
dialog: You made me who I am.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: How sweet. Is that when you put the move
dialog: on her?
text: Danny slams his fist into Rafe's sick gut. Rafe doubles over
text: again, coughing, nothing left in his belly to come up.
text: Rafe stand slowly, nodding as if he knows the punch was what
text: he deserved. Danny's about to apologize when once more Rafe
text: knees him in the balls.
text: Danny folds up, drops to his knees, and starts to retch.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: That's better.
text: Rafe crawls into the back seat of the car and passes out,
text: Danny still collapsed at the side of the road.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC - NIGHT
text: The Japanese task force storms on.
scene_heading: INT. JAPANESE AIRCRAFT CARRIERS - NIGHT
text: IN THE PREP DECKS, the planes are being armed with bombs and
dialog: torpedoes.
text: IN THE PILOTS' QUARTERS, the pilots individually sit before
text: personal shrines, saying private prayers, writing letters.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE CARRIERS - FLIGHT DECKS - NIGHT
text: The planes are brought up on the elevators; deck crewmen
text: start rolling them into position.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDER THE SURFACE OF THE PACIFIC - NIGHT
text: A Japanese submarine with a midget sub attached to its hull
text: runs silently toward Pearl Harbor.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN SURFACE - NIGHT
text: The periscope of the submarine breaks the surface.
scene_heading: INT. JAPANESE SUB - NIGHT
text: The sub commander looks through the periscope and sees the
text: lights of Oahu far in the distance.
speaker_heading: SUB COMMANDER
text: Prepare to launch midget sub.
scene_heading: INT. BUNK AREA OF SUB, BETWEEN TORPEDOES - NIGHT
text: The sailor who will drive the midget sub completes his
text: ceremonial sponge bath, and places a handwritten letter on
dialog: his personal shrine.
speaker_heading: SAILOR'S VOICE (LETTER)
dialog: My revered father, I go now to fulfill my
dialog: mission and my destiny.
scene_heading: INT. THE LAUNCH OF THE MIDGET SUB - NIGHT
text: We see the sub surface, and the sailor exit the main hatch of
text: the big sub, then force himself through the tiny hatch of the
dialog: midget sub.
speaker_heading: SAILOR'S VOICE (LETTER)
dialog: I hope it is a destiny that will bring
dialog: honor to our family, and if it requires
dialog: my life I will sacrifice it gladly, if
dialog: you can think of me and my hope to be a
dialog: good servant of our nation, and a worthy
text: son. With love and devotion, Kazuyoshi.
scene_heading: EXT. FLIGHT DECK, JAPANESE CARRIER - NIGHT
text: A single scout plane launches into the air.
scene_heading: INT. SCOUT PLANE - NIGHT
text: The plane climbs to a high altitude, toward the dawn and
dialog: Pearl Harbor.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - NIGHT
text: The Japanese carriers turn into the wind and raise combat
text: pennants. A color guard raises the Japanese flag as the deck
text: crew stand at attention, seeing the rising-sun flag snap
text: potently in the wind.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE AIRCRAFT CARRIERS - NIGHT
text: The first wave of Japanese planes begins to launch. It is a
text: stirring sight for the Japanese; the pilots waiting in their
text: cockpits, the officers watching from the bridge, the seamen
text: on the flight deck.
text: The first plane taxis along the flight deck and lifts into
text: the sky. The seamen cheer and wave their caps.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - NEAR PEARL HARBOR - NIGHT
text: The American destroyer WARD cuts through the water, moving
text: back into port after a night patrol. It's CAPTAIN is on the
text: bridge, and its lookouts are still scanning the waters.
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT
dialog: Captain, do you see that, in our wake?
text: The Captain raises his binoculars and looks out behind the
text: ship. He sees something small and black there.
text: CAPTAIN OF THE WARD
dialog: That's a conning tower.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Could it be one of ours?
text: CAPTAIN OF THE WARD
text: He's trying to follow us through the sub
text: nets, into the harbor. Sink the son of a
dialog: bitch.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF THE DESTROYER WARD - NIGHT
text: The deck gun barks, aimed toward the conning tower of the
text: Japanese sub in the distance. The first shot sails directly
text: over the tower, missing.
scene_heading: INT. THE SUB'S CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Japanese sub commander sees, through his periscope, the
text: flame erupt on the Ward's deck; he's being fired upon. He
dialog: snaps orders --
scene_heading: JAPANESE SUB CAPTAIN
dialog: Dive! Dive!
scene_heading: EXT. THE DECK OF THE WARD - NIGHT
text: The gunners snap in another shell and fire again. It's a
text: direct hit, the sub is ripped apart, it rolls over.
scene_heading: INT. WARD'S BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: The Captain watches the sub sinking and snaps an order.
text: CAPTAIN OF THE WARD
dialog: Fleet command, from destroyer Ward. Have
dialog: fired upon and sunk enemy submarine
text: seeking to enter Pearl Harbor.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTABLISHING - RADAR STATION - PEARL HARBOR - DAWN
scene_heading: INT. RADAR STATION - PEARL HARBOR - DAWN
text: There are two guys left in the room, yawning over their new
text: radar equipment. The Officer, ELLIS, checks his watch; it's
text: a few minutes after seven a.m.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: Time to shut her down. That was a good
dialog: first session. You'll get the hang of
dialog: this new radar soon.
speaker_heading: PRIVATE
dialog: Thank you, Sir. Hey...what's this?
text: His screen shows a huge cloud of blips, heading toward them.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: I've never seen anything like that
dialog: before.
text: He gets on the telephone.
scene_heading: INT. ARMY HEADQUARTERS - DAWN
text: The phone rings and an officer answers.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Watch command... Coming from which
dialog: direction?... Hold on.
text: He covers the phone and tells his commander --
speaker_heading: OFFICER
text: Radar station has picked up a cloud of
text: blips, coming in from the northeast.
text: He switches on the radio, and tunes it to KGMB; hearing the
text: Hawaiian music reassures him something...
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: KGMB is on early. That means we've got a
text: flight of B-17's coming in from the
dialog: mainland, they use the radio music for a
text: homing beacon.
scene_heading: INT. RADAR STATION - PEARL HARBOR - DAWN
text: Dismayed, Ellis listens to the response from the
dialog: headquarters.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: All right, Sir.
dialog: (he hangs up)
dialog: They say don't worry about it.
text: He and the private look again at the cloud of blips --
text: growing ever larger, and moving in fast.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SKIES ABOVE THE PACIFIC - DAY
text: The Japanese formations are streaking through the sky.
scene_heading: INT. THE COCKPITS - DAY
text: The Japanese bombers, with three-man crews, are listening to
text: the Hawaiian music of the radio station, using it for their
text: homing beacon. They look out and see the sunrise -- it's
text: beautiful, and resembles the Japanese flag.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES ABOVE PEARL HARBOR - DAWN
text: The Japanese scout plane is high in the air. It radios --
scene_heading: SCOUT PLANE PILOT
text: Harbor quiet. Ships in place. Carriers
dialog: gone.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE OF YAMAMOTO'S CARRIER - DAY
text: Yamamoto is handed this message.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: We have achieved surprise, but their
dialog: carriers are not in port. I don't like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: We have a fighter screen up, in case we
dialog: are attacked, Admiral.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: We must go ahead. This is our moment.
scene_heading: INT. ADMIRAL KIMMEL'S HOME - DAY
text: The Admiral, dressed in his golf clothes, is leaving his home
text: when a naval LIEUTENANT appears at his door.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Admiral, one of our destroyers reports
text: sinking a sub on its way into Pearl.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KIMMEL
dialog: Relay that to Washington...and cancel my
dialog: golf game.
scene_heading: INT. ADMIRAL KIMMEL'S OFFICE - OAHU - DAY
text: Kimmel enters his office, and is handed the latest
dialog: dispatches.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KIMMEL
dialog: Any response from Washington?
speaker_heading: KIMMEL'S AIDE
dialog: Nothing, Sir.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTERN UNION OFFICE - PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: A telegram, addressed to Admiral Kimmel, lands in the
text: regular, not urgent, dispatch box. The messenger handles it
text: promptly, hopping on his motorbike to deliver it.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES ABOVE THE PACIFIC - DAY
text: The Japanese planes increase throttle and nose down, diving
text: toward the surface, hurtling into attack mode.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: The harbor lies quiet. It's a sleepy Sunday morning.
text: Children are playing, officers are stepping from their houses
dialog: in their shorts to get the morning paper...
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE - OAHU - DAY
text: Hawaiian Boy Scouts are hiking on a side of one of the
text: mountains overlooking Pearl.
text: Suddenly booming over the mountain, barely ten feet above the
text: summit, comes a stream of planes.
dialog: The boys are awed. What is this?
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: QUICK INTERCUTS - Between the approach of the Japanese
text: planes, and sleepy Pearl Harbor...
text: -- The planes, in formation, their propellers spinning, their
text: engines throbbing...
text: -- Pearl Harbor, with the ships silent, their engines cold,
text: their anchors steady on the harbor bottom.
dialog: -- The Japanese submarines heading in.
text: -- The American destroyers docking, instead of going out to
dialog: search for them.
text: -- Another formation of Japanese bombers climbing high, into
dialog: attack position.
text: -- The Japanese torpedo planes dropping down to the level of
text: the ocean, their engines beginning to scream.
text: -- The American planes bunched on the airfields.
text: -- ON THE JAPANESE CARRIERS, Yamamoto and his staff huddle
text: tensely, over their battle maps.
text: ON THE JAPANESE CARRIER DECKS, the second wave of planes is
text: being brought up and loaded with munitions...the Japanese
text: flag snaps tautly in the wind...
text: ON THE GOLD COURSE NEAR PEARL HARBOR, American officers are
text: laughing on the putting green near the club house, where the
text: American flag droops from the flag pole, limply at peace.
text: -- The Japanese planes roaring down just over the wave tops
dialog: of Pearl Harbor itself.
text: -- Children playing in the early morning sun, looking up as
text: they see the planes flash by. The children look --
dialog: they've never seen this many, flying this low...but they
text: are not alarmed, only curious.
text: The images come faster and faster, the collision of Japan's
dialog: determination and American's innocence...
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF OKLAHOMA - DAY
text: Two sailors are standing on the deck, sharing a smoke,
text: looking out over the quiet harbor. One of them sees the
text: first few planes streaking in.
speaker_heading: SAILOR 1
dialog: Look at that.
speaker_heading: SAILOR 2
text: It's the Army again, practicing on us.
text: Something drops from the lead plane and splashes easily into
text: the water; the plane banks away.
speaker_heading: SAILOR 2
dialog: Practice torpedoes.
text: A white streak runs through the water at them.
speaker_heading: SAILOR 2
dialog: Now listen, you'll hear a little thud
text: when it hits the side of the ship.
text: They watch it rush at them...then, a MASSIVE EXPLOSION! It
text: throws up a fifty foot wall of water, hurling the sailors and
text: everything else on the deck into the sea.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ATTACK ON PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: -- The first wave of planes drop more torpedoes; they plunge
text: BENEATH THE SURFACE, their wooden fins working perfectly,
text: the torpedoes speeding to their targets...
text: We see their AWESOME BLASTS against the anchored ships as the
text: torpedoes hit home.
text: -- The Japanese LOW ALTITUDE BOMBERS come in; some drop their
text: bombs directly into the ships; some skip their bombs
text: across the water, the bombs glancing off the surface and
text: then slamming the sides of battleships with tremendous
dialog: explosions.
text: -- INSIDE THE SHIPS, sleeping sailors are thrown from their
text: bunks; those already awakened run for their battle
text: stations, and try to make it up to the deck; but there's
dialog: no escape there, as...
text: -- Zero fighter planes strafe the ships, raking the decks and
text: killing sailors with MACHINE GUN FIRE.
scene_heading: EXT. ON THE AMERICAN SHIPS - DAY
text: Fire and smoke are turning everything into chaos. some
text: sailors rush to man the guns, they find the ammo boxes
dialog: locked.
text: Under the bombing and strafing, they find a wrench and start
text: pounding on the lock, trying to break open the ammo box.
text: Then they break open the lock -- and find the ammo box empty.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: Shit! I'll get some ammo!
text: He runs for the ladders, and is shot down before he gets
dialog: there.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES OVER PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: The dive bombers scream in.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF THE WEST VIRGINIA - DAY
text: Bombs are hitting the deck. Sailors are blown into the air
text: and out into the oily water. Nearby ships are catching fire;
text: the flames spread out onto the oily water itself.
scene_heading: INT. BELOW DECKS OF THE WEST VIRGINIA - DAY
text: Dorie Miller, the boxing champion/kitchen helper, is working
text: picking up the breakfast trays when he feels the ship
text: shudder. The intercom comes alive --
speaker_heading: INTERCOM
dialog: Battle stations! Battle stations! This
dialog: is not a drill!
text: Men run to the ladders, and the shaking of the ship from a
text: bomb blast tosses them off; Dorie's at the foot of the ladder
text: when men fall back on top of him.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE OF WEST VIRGINIA - DAY
text: The Captain of the ship has reached the command bridge, where
text: most of his staff is lying wounded from a bomb blast.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN OF THE WEST VIRGINIA
dialog: Stay calm! Find your positions. Medics,
dialog: get the wounded to sick bay! Load and --
text: MORE TORPEDOES and BOMBS blast into the ship. A big chunk of
text: shrapnel tears into the Captain and rips his stomach open.
text: The medics he was just directing to other men now run to him,
text: as the men they were going to help have been blown apart.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF THE WEST VIRGINIA - DAY
text: Sailors run up from below and are gunned down and blasted
text: down before they can reach their weapons.
text: Dorie Miller emerges from below decks and sees the carnage,
text: the confusion. A bloody OFFICER grabs him.
speaker_heading: BLOODY OFFICER
dialog: Boy! We need stretcher bearers on the
dialog: bridge!
text: Dorie runs into the fire and smoke, toward the bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE OF THE WEST VIRGINIA - DAY
text: Dorie arrives to see the medics crouched over the
text: disemboweled Captain, who is still giving orders.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN OF THE WEST VIRGINIA
dialog: Radio for air cover. Organize the other
text: medics. Initiate fire control.
text: Dorie helps the medic lift the Captain to take him below.
scene_heading: INT. BELOW DECKS OF THE WEST VIRGINIA - DAY
text: Dorie carries the Captain down the ladder by himself, using
text: one arm to climb and one to hold the Captain like a child's
text: teddy bear. When they reach the bottom the pain has grown
dialog: too much for the Captain; he know's he's dying.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN OF THE WEST VIRGINIA
dialog: Put me down here.
text: Dorie puts him down; the medic jumps down the ladder and
text: reaches the Captain, who tells him --
scene_heading: CAPTAIN OF THE WEST VIRGINIA
dialog: Find my executive officer and tell him
dialog: he's in command. Tell him to fire the
dialog: boilers and...
text: He trembles in death throes...
scene_heading: CAPTAIN OF THE WEST VIRGINIA
dialog: Make sure the gunners have enough
dialog: ammuni --
text: He's dead. The Medic runs toward the ladder, reaches the
text: hatch, and is blasted back to the bottom by an explosion
text: overhead.
text: Dorie runs for the ladder, and climbs out into hell.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF THE WEST VIRGINIA - DAY
text: Dorie emerges into even greater carnage and confusion. A
text: sailor, his body on fire, runs past and leaps into the oily
text: water -- but it is in flames too.
text: Then Dorie sees it: an unmanned anti-aircraft gun. He runs
text: to it, through the strafing.
text: The gun already has a belt of ammo in it -- apparently loaded
text: by the gunner who lies beside it with his chest shot open.
text: Dorie swings the business end of the gun toward the Zeros
text: coming in out of the smoke, and he begins to fire.
text: The Zeros keep coming and he keeps firing; nothing on earth
dialog: will knock him from that gun.
scene_heading: INT. NURSES' BARRACKS - DAY
text: Evelyn is up, dressed; her roommates are just stirring.
scene_heading: EXT. NURSES' QUARTERS - OAHU - DAY
text: Evelyn has stepped to the door when she hears a distant
text: rumble and looks across the harbor to see smoke rising, ships
dialog: taking hits.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Oh my God... EVERYBODY TO THE HOSPITAL!
text: As she runs, Japanese planes are coming toward the base.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MESS HALL AT HICKAM FIELD - DAY
text: The men were sitting down to breakfast, but the machine gun
text: bullets tearing up the outer walls have them clogging the
text: doors, and it's so clogged they can't all get out.
text: A steel bomb crashes through the roof and slams through the
text: room, taking out tables and chairs before bouncing off the
text: wall and coming to a stop.
text: TWO SOLDIERS, trapped within the mess hall, see it stop
text: without detonating. They are bug-eyed, hearts stopped.
scene_heading: MESS HALL SOLDIER
dialog: Dud.
text: The bomb detonated, blowing everything to bloody dust.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Evelyn reaches the hospital first and runs to the cabinet,
text: withdrawing supplies.
text: Barbara and Sandra appear at the far door, both terrified.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Get everything out! Bandages, sutures --
dialog: oh God, the men in traction... Come with
dialog: me!
text: She races into the hallway, the other two following.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - TRACTION WARD - DAY
text: Four men from a jeep accident are lying in traction, their
text: casted limbs roped in the air. Evelyn runs in, grabbing a
text: razor blade from the medical cabinet -- and telling Barbara
dialog: and Sandra.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Cut them down, and take cover!! Hurry!
text: Bombs are falling outside, on the airfield this wing of the
text: hospital faces. Evelyn slices the traction ropes of a man
text: with both legs broken; ignoring his groans, she rolls him out
text: of the bed and covers him with the mattress. The other
text: nurses follow her lead. The bombs are coming toward the
text: hospital ward; Evelyn finishes with the fourth man and covers
text: him and herself with the mattress, just as a bomb craters
text: outside the window.
text: The nurses and patients look up after the explosions have
text: passed; there's a chunk of smoking shrapnel lying on the
text: springs of the bunk where the last man had been lying.
scene_heading: EXT. HICKAM FIELD - DAY
text: The Japanese low-altitude bombers, with Zero escorts, zoom in
text: over the field, blasting the clusters of American warplanes,
text: whole squadrons taken out with one bomb.
text: The mechanics and pilots, caught in the open, run from the
text: strafing. The Zeros rake them down with machine gun fire.
text: It's carnage.
scene_heading: EXT. PHOTOGRAPHER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Sammy, the amateur photographer, is leaving his house for a
dialog: morning of working his "Pictures of Paradise" business, when
text: he sees the Japanese formations rumbling toward Pearl. He
text: races back inside.
scene_heading: INT. PHOTOGRAPHER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: He fishes into his drawer for a film camera, and digs out
text: cans of film, struggling to load it as he runs back out.
scene_heading: INT. HICKAM FIELD - BARRACKS - DAY
text: The pilots of Danny's squadron have returned from their night
text: of drinking and brawling and are crashed on their bunks. Red
text: stirs and staggers toward the head; he bumps into the wall,
text: backs up like a wind-up toy and lurches blindly forward
dialog: again, into --
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - THE HEAD - DAY
text: Red sleepwalks to the urinals and unleashes a marathon piss
text: stream, still in his sleep. A rumble penetrates his brain,
text: and his eyes come open a fraction. Through the window slits
text: above the urinals, he can see a cloud of Japanese planes
text: rushing past.
text: He squeezes his eyes shut, and looks again; the planes start
text: bombing the distant hangers.
text: Red pisses along the wall as he races to the barracks, trying
text: to get his pecker back into his drawers. He shouts to the
dialog: sleeping guys --
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Th-th-th-th-th-
text: He slaps his face with both hands, and stomps his feet...
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Th-th-th-th-Dammit! Th-th-th-
text: He still can't get it out, can't wake them; bursting with
text: frustration, he suddenly blasts out singing --
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: (singing)
dialog: The Jaaaps!! The Jaaaps!!
text: He's belting it like a baritone in a bizarre opera. His
text: friends stir; what the hell? Red points outside and tries to
text: talk, but now he can't mutter a syllable. The guys hear the
dialog: explosions, and realize...
scene_heading: EXT. HICKAM FIELD - BARRACKS - DAY
text: The pilots stagger out, half drunk, half dressed. Seeing
text: what's happening, they race toward the flight line, where the
text: clustered American planes are blowing up in groups, and the
text: pilots are knocked to the ground.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Goddamn Japs!
text: Billy jumps to his feet and starts to run toward a cluster of
text: fighters that hasn't gone up yet.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Billy!
text: Anthony tries to grab him and drag him back to earth but he
text: misses; Billy gets a few steps before the fire froma
text: strafing Zero catches up to him; his friends watch in horror
text: as Billy gets shorter as he runs; the Zero's machine gun fire
text: is sawing his legs off from the feet up.
text: Billy falls, legless but still alive; then a bomb falls
text: almost on top of him, sending body parts over the pilots.
text: Their innocence, like America's, is gone in that moment.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD TO MAIN AIRFIELD - DAY
text: Danny and Rafe are in Danny's Buick, hung over and asleep,
text: Danny in front, Rafe in back, and they're a miserable sight
text: -- their shirts ripped, blood dried in a leak trail from one
text: side of Rafe's nose and the corner of Danny's mouth.
text: The rumble of planes moving overhead makes them stir; the
text: rumble grows huge, as the shadows of a massive formation
text: makes the sunlight flicker. Danny and Rafe squint up, their
text: heads pounding, and realize what they're seeing. Suddenly
text: their headaches are gone, and Danny's gunning the Buick down
text: the road, toward the base.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR BASE - DAY
text: Danny blasts through the main gate; the guards are too busy
text: taking cover and haven't even closed the barrier.
text: He races to the tarmac, where some of the planes are still
text: undamaged. Rafe is out the door before the car stops
text: rolling, and Danny's right behind him.
text: They're running toward a cluster of fighters, when it goes up
text: with a bomb blast. Rafe and Danny dive at each other; their
dialog: first instinct is to cover their best friend with their own
dialog: bodies.
text: They look at each other on the ground. They see machine gun
text: bullets thudding into the planes on the flight line, and
text: ripping along the walls of the buildings. It's as if the
dialog: whole Japanese airforce is attacking this one base, and not
text: leaving a single plane airworthy.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Get me into a plane!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Come on!
text: Danny sprints; Rafe follows. Danny reaches a phone booth,
text: and digs a dime from his pants.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: You're making a phone call?!
text: Danny dials, as waves of bullets sweep the area, and more
text: planes blow up on the flight line. Rafe thinks he's lost his
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: This is Walker! We're under attack! Get
dialog: those planes fueled and armed RIGHT NOW!
text: He runs back toward the car; Rafe, in the nonsense of battle,
text: reaches in to hang up the receiver, before Danny grabs him
text: and leads him on a sprint to the car, as the phone booth
text: shatters behind them from the strafing.
text: On the way to the car they dive back to the ground to avoid
text: strafing -- and see their friends lying nearby, in shock.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: They got Billy.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Come with us!
text: He and Rafe jump up and run again. Anthony, Red, and several
text: other pilots reach the Buick and dive in. Danny drives away,
text: through the strafing.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Auxiliary field at Haleiwa, ten miles
dialog: north of here.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: What's there?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: Six P-40's.
text: As the Zero pilots see the Buick moving, they go after it.
text: Danny drives like a madman through the strafing, zigzagging
text: and gunning the Buick's V-8.
scene_heading: EXT. THE OKLAHOMA - STILL AT ANCHOR - DAY
text: The number of attacking planes seems endless -- and their
text: strategy flawless. Torpedoes hitting one ship lifts its hull
text: with a blast, enabling the next wave of torpedoes to rush
text: under and hit the next ship anchored behind. The American
text: battleships are bobbing like see-saws.
text: The OKLAHOMA takes an entire barrage of torpedoes, blowing
text: thirty foot holes along it's hull; the ship immediately
text: begins to list.
scene_heading: INT. THE OKLAHOMA - DAY
text: Doors are wedged shut by the deformation of the structure;
text: vertical ladders are becoming horizontal, and water is
text: pouring in. Men fight their way up against the water.
scene_heading: INT. INNER COMPARTMENT OF THE OKLAHOMA - DAY
text: Water is up to the trapped sailor's waists when they grab a
text: wrench and start taking turns pounding $.0.S. in Morse code
text: on the bulkhead.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF OKLAHOMA - DAY
text: As the listing grows more severe, sailors start jumping from
text: the deck into the water. Still the Marines on deck are
text: firing back at the planes; some Marines are even using
dialog: handguns. But courage does not save them...
scene_heading: THE OKLAHOMA ROLLS OVER
text: The men still on its deck try to run, but it's not just the
text: fires and the water they can't escape; the gun turrets’ 1400
text: pound shells break loose with the capsizing of the ship and
text: tumble through everything like massive wrecking balls.
text: The sailors and marines, thrown into the water, struggle to
text: get away from the suction as the giant battleship turns
dialog: turtle.
text: BELOW THE WATER men are sucked down with amazing force, every
text: hair on their heads streaming behind them as they're snatched
text: to the depths.
text: INSIDE THE OKLAHOMA, everyone and everything is spilling
text: upside down. The ship's generators sputter out and the
text: lights go out. The flashlights of the few sailors who can
text: find them cut raggedly through the darkness, and water spills
text: in. There is no escape.
text: BELOW THE WATER, the Oklahoma's superstructure hits bottom;
text: some men are crushed there. For others it's salvation, as
text: the BACKWASH blows them toward the surface.
text: ON THE SURFACE the men are launched almost completely out of
text: the water, before splashing back into the water and burning
text: oil. A few feet of the steel hull and a portion of the
text: propeller protrude above the surface, but most of the
text: Oklahoma is under water.
text: Men in the water swim toward a medical launch carrying
text: wounded away from the wreckage. A bomb hits the launch and
text: blows body parts everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. OKLAHOMA - REAR COMPARTMENT
text: In one compartment there are a dozen trapped men. They've
text: survived the roll-over, and are in a chaotic world where the
text: floor is now the ceiling. The water is up their waists.
text: Some of the SAILORS are panicking.
text: One sailor has a flashlight and switches it on, flashing the
text: light from face to face.
text: SAILOR WITH THE FLASHLIGHT
dialog: Don't panic! Don't panic!
speaker_heading: PANICKED SAILOR
dialog: The water's rising! It's coming up,
dialog: we're all gonna drown!
text: SAILOR WITH THE FLASHLIGHT
dialog: The air pressure will equalize it!
text: But the water keeps rising, along with their fears. Several
text: of the sailors are still screaming...
text: The water's already to their bellies. One of them grabs a
text: wrench and starts slamming Morse code against the bulkhead.
text: One sailor in the middle of the room is particularly
text: panicked, not just yelling but crying and whimpering --
speaker_heading: TERRIFIED SAILOR
dialog: Get me out! Get me out!
text: SAILOR WITH THE FLASHLIGHT
dialog: Stop it! Come on! Save your air!
speaker_heading: TERRIFIED SAILOR
dialog: MY FOOT'S CAUGHT!
text: He's at the lower end of the compartment, where the water is
text: deeper -- the ship's nose is lower than her stern. The
text: water's up to the guy's neck.
text: The man with the flashlight dives down, and finds the guys
text: foot wedged together in the pipes of the ships ceiling -- now
dialog: their floor.
text: He pops up again. The water's up to the trapped guy's mouth;
text: he's already gagging.
text: SAILOR WITH THE FLASHLIGHT
dialog: Is there a hacksaw in that locker?!
text: They open it; tools spill out -- among them is a hacksaw.
text: They hand it to him; the sailor dives down and cuts off the
text: guy's foot.
text: The trapped man is underwater, muffling his scream. He comes
text: free, and surfaces gasping. His severed foot floats to the
text: surface and then the horror really hits them. The sailor
text: with the flashlight pops up, in the blossoming of blood. He
text: and another sailor tie a tourniquet around the stump, to stop
text: the bleeding.
text: The drama of this has caused the other trapped men to stop
text: their signaling. Now they start banging, twice as loudly as
dialog: before.
scene_heading: EXT. HALEIWA - AUXILIARY AIRFIELD - DAY
text: Haleiwa is a tiny airfield, tucked among the green volcanic
text: hills; its barely paved, and it's only permanent building is
text: a quonset hut. A mechanic named EARL, is out with the
text: P-40's; and these are spread out, not bunched.
scene_heading: EARL AND THE P-40'S
dialog: The planes here have received loving care from Earl -- which
text: means lots of cursing; as he's wrestling to load an ammo
text: belt, he yells.
dialog: Sum-bitch!
text: The Buick, bullet holes punched through the truck, slides to
text: a stop near the planes, and the pilots jump out.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: They ready, Earl?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: They'll all fly, but -- oh, shit...
text: What stops him is the cloud of Zeros and dive bombers,
text: shrieking in.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Cover!
text: The guys scatter. There are sandbags around the hut, and
text: they run there, diving into it's shelter just before the
text: first strafing pass, when a Zero strafes one of the P-40's
text: and a dive bomber blasts another. Earl stands up in shock
dialog: and fury.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You absolute mother-fuckin' son of a
dialog: bitch! You shot one of my planes!
text: Danny pulls him down, as the Zeros roar overhead.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: This ain't a little feud, Earl, it's
dialog: World War Two!
speaker_heading: RAFE
text: They're coming around for another pass.
dialog: You got extra weapons and ammo?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Cock-suckin' right I do!! In the gun
dialog: lockers!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You guys get those! Earl, Rafe, come
dialog: with me!
text: Danny, Rafe and Earl run to the planes that got hit and strip
text: out the 20mm cannons and ammo.
scene_heading: INT. QUONSET HUT - DAY
text: The other pilots run in, throw open the gun locker, and start
text: grabbing weapons -- aircraft machine guns, ammo belts, one
text: even grabs a rifle.
scene_heading: SANDBAGS BY THE SHED
text: The two groups run back and start to set up.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Danny, over there! We're in a canyon,
dialog: they'll come straight down it, we'll get
text: ‘em in a crossfire.
text: Danny, Rafe and Earl run to a gully opposite the shed and set
text: up there, as the other pilots brace the machine guns against
text: the sandbags.
text: The Japanese planes attacks again. This time the lead plane
text: hits a wall of steel fired from the combined guns; the
text: bullets chew into the bomb it carries and the plane EXPLODES.
text: The airborne debris makes the following planes shear off.
text: Red's standing, firing; he yells at the Zeros --
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: D-don't like it when we fight back, do
dialog: ya!
text: Red runs out with his machine gun and keeps firing even when
text: the planes have passed, trying to shoot them right up the
dialog: ass.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Earl! You said the planes were ready
dialog: but -- but what?
speaker_heading: EARL
text: Of the four left, only one is full of
dialog: fuel.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Will the others get into the air?
text: Earl shoots a look to Rafe, then turns to Danny.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Danny, I don't like this fuckin' guy.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Anthony, Red, stay with the guns! Coma,
dialog: you cover the cannons! Joe, Theo, come
dialog: with us! Earl, you get on the radio!
dialog: We're gonna fight these fuckers.
text: Two of the pilots, Joe and Theo, run to Danny.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: How do we do it?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Your call, Rafe.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Get rolling as fast as you can. Stay
dialog: low! We'll use the topography to
dialog: separate them and then we can take 'em
dialog: one on one.
text: They race toward the planes, and the Japanese attack again.
text: Seeing the pilots running for the P-40's, the Zeros aim for
text: them; Rafe and Danny race for the most distant of the planes;
text: Joe and Theo run for the closer planes, through the dusty
text: bullet hits.
text: Theo makes his plane and is just strapping himself in when
text: bullets stitch his fuselage, wounding him. He still forces
text: the plane forward. He taxis twenty feet and his cockpit gets
text: chopped up and the plane arches into a right turn and putters
text: to a stop, Theo dead at the controls.
text: Joe doesn't bother to strap in; he hits the throttle hard and
text: heads down the runway...
text: The Zeros are on him as he gets ten feet of air at 120 M.P.H.
text: The Zero's bullets eat his canopy and plane skin; the plane
text: breaks apart in mid air, spilling in gouts of flame as it
text: smashes down on the tarmac.
text: Rafe and Danny have reaches the more distant P-40's and are
text: revving their engines as they see Joe and Theo's fate. They
text: throw on their radio headsets.
text: Their way seems blocked: they've got no runway behind them,
text: the wreckage of four P-40's scattered ahead of them, and the
text: Zeros screaming over the low hills to attack them. Now Rafe
text: and Danny talk through the radio.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's tight.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Tighter 'n a bulls ass in fly season.
dialog: Don't hit the barn.
text: They gun their engines and roll through the grass on either
text: side of the runway, dodging the burning planes; they lift
text: off, clearing the quonset hut by a couple of inches. They
text: blow right through the strafing fire, and into the sky.
text: Eight Zeros are all over them.
text: Earl is in the hut, on the radio and watching through
text: binoculars.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I see six...seven...eight of the
dialog: cocksuckers! Don't let ‘em hurt my
dialog: planes.
text: Danny's swiveling in his seat, looking left, right, back.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: They're all over us!
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Bet they don't dust crops in Japan.
text: Danny understands immediately, following Rafe's tactic as he
text: breaks into a sharp turn and uses the hut, palm trees, and
text: low hills to shake the Japs. They fly like crop dusters,
text: skimming down a foot from the ground, then bobbing up,
text: banking left and right. The Zeros have divided into two
text: groups to chase them, their wings clipping tree tops as they
dialog: try to follow the Americans.
text: It feels like a 200 M.P.H. car chase, 20 feet off the ground,
text: Rafe and Danny skimming and bobbing over the terrain, but
dialog: there are too many Japanese.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Danny! Let's play some chicken!
text: Danny banks in one direction, Rafe in another...
scene_heading: EXT. OVER THE LANDING STRIP - DAY
text: The two P-40's are screaming, rushing at each other like they
dialog: did at the training base back in the states, flying right
text: into each other's propellers; the Japanese heading after them
text: realize they're rushing headlong at the other group...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Oh shit, oh shit...
text: He can't even watch.
text: At the last instant Rafe and Danny snap a quarter spin so the
text: planes flash by belly to belly.
text: Two of the Zeros collide in mid-air, exploding, as the other
text: Zeros scatter.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES ABOVE PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: Danny and Rafe rejoin each other in the open sky; they've
text: lost the Zeros. The P-40's are flying smoothly, side by
text: side. The two pilots look across at each other, going into
text: battle together. They speak through their radios.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: You hear my okay?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah. So you can call me if you need
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I got a half a tank. You?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Little less.
text: He fires a short burst to see if his guns work; they do.
text: Rafe does the same. Up ahead they see a formation of
text: Japanese planes, headed toward Pearl.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: They're in strafing formation, we'll blow
text: right through their line.
text: They look across at each other.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Land of the free.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Home of the brave.
text: Side by side the P-40's scream in.
scene_heading: EXT. ABOVE OAHU - THE DOGFIGHT - DAY
text: The Japanese planes are in tight, disciplined formation,
text: their minds on the targets below them in the harbor. But
text: their day of shooting sitting ducks changes as the two P-40's
text: blast in, wing guns blazing, chopping into Two Zeros. Both
text: Zeros falter and begin to lose altitude. The P-40's make
text: almost impossible tight turns, still side-by-side, and go
text: after the two plane they crippled on the first pass.
text: Rafe finishes one Zero, making it explode in a ball of flame
text: in the air. Danny finishes the other, shooting off its wing
text: so that it spirals into the sea and crashes there.
text: The P-40's swoop up again.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: They're trying to hold formation. We can
dialog: chew ‘em up!
text: The P-40's dig in again, swooping down on the line of Zeros.
text: Rafe hits first, machine gunning one plane, and Danny comes
text: in behind it, finishing it off.
text: The Japanese pilots are screaming at each other over their
text: radios, but their SQUADRON COMMANDER sees Pearl Harbor ahead,
dialog: and tells them --
scene_heading: JAPANESE SQUADRON COMMANDER
dialog: Hold the line!
text: The P-40's come through again, their guns spitting fire.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER JAPANESE FORMATION OF BOMBERS - DAY
text: These planes are different -- high altitude bombers with
text: three-man crews, high above the harbor. The bombardier looks
text: through his sight and the bomb bays open.
text: THROUGH THE BOMBARDIER'S SIGHT, the ships look like tops, far
text: below. The bombardier is ticking off the targets as they
text: pass, the first two he mentions already burning.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE BOMBARDIER
dialog: West Virginia... Oklahoma... Ah, Arizona.
text: He flips his bomb switch, and a HUGE STEEL BOMB falls away.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FLIGHT OF THE BOMB - DAY
text: We stay with the bomb as it falls through the sky. The small
text: propeller on the bomb's nose spins in the air, running the
text: arming mechanism into the bomb's explosive core. The bomb
text: wobbles a bit at first, but then as it gathers speed its fins
text: stabilize it, and it falls faster and faster, at a dizzying
dialog: rate, toward the Arizona.
text: It slams through the teak wood deck, and breaks it like
text: matchsticks.
text: It's tremendous weight and speed carry it through the next
text: deck, and the next, deep into the heart of the ship...toward
text: the powder room, where two million pounds of black powder are
dialog: waiting.
text: The bomb hits there, and the explosion is almost beyond
text: comprehension. Over 1400 men die instantly.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: The battleship Arizona leaps into the air, the ship's spine
text: is broken, it's guts ripped open in one explosive instant.
text: Men on the deck are thrown into the burning oil already
text: floating on the water from the other ruptured ships, but
text: there are almost no survivors.
text: The concussion of the explosion blows men off the repair ship
text: Vestal, next to the Arizona, saving Vestal, as the explosion
text: snuffs out the fires on Vestal; it also sends tons of debris
text: down on her decks -- parts of the ship, legs, arms and heads
dialog: of men, all sorts of bodies.
text: Debris from the Arizona also cover the Tennessee and does
text: more damage than the two Japanese bombs that hit her.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Medics have already started bringing in the wounded. Evelyn
text: is like a frantic traffic cop.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Put criticals in ward one, stables in
dialog: two! Barbara! Fill every syringe you
dialog: can find with stimulant and antibiotic --
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Where are the doctors?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: On the third tee.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Evelyn! Where's the morphine?
speaker_heading: THE FRONT WARD
text: Evelyn runs in, snaps open the cabinet, grabs a bag of
text: morphine sticks, and is about to run out again when she sees
dialog: the Arizona go up.
text: For a moment she's frozen, then she actually sees the shock
text: wave traveling across the bay and through the trees like an
text: invisible wall. She's trying to cross her arms over her
text: face, and dive to the floor, just as the windows blow out
text: from the concussion, and glass flies over everything.
scene_heading: INT. JAPANESE BOMBER - DAY
text: They see the results of their bomb, and are ecstatic.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR ABOVE OAHU - DAY
text: The nose of Danny's plane is pointed right at the harbor and
text: he sees the sudden devastation of the Arizona. It is a sight
text: so awesome it freezes him for a moment.
text: A Zero comes up behind him, firing. Danny jerks his stick to
dialog: maneuver but he's caught...
text: Rafe comes in behind the Zero, chopping it up, even as he
text: yells at Danny over the radio --
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Ain't no time for spectatin'!
text: They turn back after the line of Zeros. There are some
text: Japanese planes coming after them now, but the P-40's head at
text: their noses, firing, then duck past in a double maneuver, and
text: turn right back into the Japanese formation.
text: Rafe has a plane in his sights, but his guns fire only a
text: short burst before stopping.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I'm out of ammo!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm out of fuel!
text: They head back. A single Zero is on their way. Rafe charges
text: it and draws its fire; Danny comes in behind the Zero and
text: rakes its cockpit; the Japanese pilot backs off.
text: The P-40's dive back toward Haleiwa.
text: A handful of Zeros returning from Pearl see them and follow.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC - JAPANESE CARRIERS - DAY
text: The second wave of planes takes off from the carriers.
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT CONTROL CENTER - CARRIER AKAGI - DAY
text: Genda reports to Yamamoto.
speaker_heading: GENDA
text: Second attack wave is in the air.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION KGBM - DAY
text: The DISC JOCKEY, handed a message by the army officer, stops
text: playing the soothing Hawaiian music and announces...
speaker_heading: DISC JOCKEY
dialog: All Army, Navy, and Marine personnel to
dialog: report to duty.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL SHORT'S OFFICE - DAY
text: General SHORT is in his office; he and his aides are working
dialog: frantically.
speaker_heading: GENERAL SHORT
dialog: Mobilize everything! We're at war! Send
dialog: a message to Washington: Hostilities
text: with Japan commenced with an air raid on
dialog: Pearl Harbor.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - OVAL ROOM - DAY
text: President Roosevelt is having lunch in the Oval Room study
text: with Harry Hopkins. The phone RINGS and Hopkins answers.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Oval Room... Yes, he is.
dialog: (to Roosevelt)
dialog: It's Knox, Mr. President.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: (taking phone)
dialog: Yes?
text: He listens, then puts the receiver down, shaken.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: The Japanese have attacked Pearl Harbor.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: My God. Do we have damage estimates?
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
text: Our Pacific Fleet, at anchor, unprepared?
dialog: It's terrible. It has to be. And it's
dialog: not over.
scene_heading: EXT. HALEIWA - AUXILIARY AIRFIELD - DAY
text: The two P-40's drop out of the sky and bounce to a landing;
text: Anthony and Red have been pushing the wreckage off the field
text: with the Buick. Danny and Rafe pull the P-40's behind the
text: burning quonset hut, and it's like a pit stop at a race
text: track; Earl rushes up and starts fueling the planes, their
text: engines still running.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We need ammo too!
text: Earl shouts instructions to the pilots.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Strip it from the wrecks!
text: The other pilots race to the wrecked P-40's and start pulling
text: out ammo belts. Earl glares at the smoking engine of Danny's
text: plane, and the bullet holes.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Who the fuck taught you to fly?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: He did.
text: Earl looks at Rafe's plane, more shot-up and abused than
text: Danny's. Rafe grins and waves to him. Earl mumbles a stream
text: of guttural and unintelligible obscenities.
text: The Zeros that followed them sweep down, strafing. One
text: mechanic, running across the field with a belt of ammo, goes
text: down. Coma, running behind him, picks up the fallen man's
text: ammo and his own, bringing both to the planes behind the hut.
text: He, Red, and Anthony reload the machine guns in Rafe and
dialog: Danny's planes.
text: Rafe and Danny gun their engines and head back into the air,
text: the grounded pilots firing a covering barrage and Earl even
text: coming up with a 12-gauge shotgun to fire at the Zeros as
text: they rush past.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES OVER PACIFIC - DAY
text: The Second Wave of Japanese planes is in tight formation.
scene_heading: INT. LEAD PLANE OF SECOND WAVE - DAY
text: Lt. Commander SHIMAZAKI, leader of the second attack wave,
text: says calmly into his radio...
speaker_heading: SHIMAZAKI
text: Second wave, deploy over the military
text: bases. High level bombers to the air
text: stations, dive bombers attack ships in
text: harbor. Fighters strafe and cover.
text: He leads the second wave in on their attack run...
scene_heading: EXT. NAVAL AIR STATION - DAY
text: The navy's planes, bunched up on the naval airfield, are
text: destroyed without ever getting into the air.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: The harbor is already a mass of destruction and panic;
text: screaming everywhere, men trying to fight fires, move the
text: wounded; the second wave of planes hits, and tremendous
text: explosions now rock the secondary ships like the destroyer
text: SHAW, blasting it apart.
text: But the Japanese pilots are now having trouble with the thick
text: black smoke coming out of the damaged ships, and off the oil
text: fires along the water. One torpedo plane, its pilot flying
text: blind, clips the superstructure of a battleship and spins to
text: a crash.
text: Still, even IN THE CHAOS ON THE SHIPS, the sailors struggle
text: to survive, inventively. Men trapped on one burning ship use
text: the severed barrel of a five-inch naval gun as a bridge to
text: cross to the less damaged ship anchored beside them.
text: Others jump into the water and swim through the burning oil,
text: towing buddies too wounded to swim themselves.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: Below decks, sailors have organized a line and are passing
text: ammunition from the ammo lockers, hand to hand up to the guns
text: on deck. Blasts from bombs hit them and ignite the ammo
text: they're holding, setting off a chain reaction of explosions.
text: On the deck, the sailors are out of ammo. An OFFICER grabs a
scene_heading: SEVENTEEN YEAR OLD SAILOR.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
text: Grab a dinghy and get ammo from the base
text: ammo storeroom.
text: The young sailor jumps to a dinghy and launches it through
text: the oily waters and thick black smoke.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: The sailors in the boat get strafed, the rounds cutting
text: between them and blasting their boat in two. They jump into
text: the oily water and swim toward shore.
text: Other sailors are in the water with them, struggling,
text: swallowing the vile black liquid as they battle to swim.
text: Errant bombs and shrapnel hit beside them, killing some;
text: other lose strength and slide beneath the surface.
text: The sailors from the ammo boat make it ashore; it's hot there
text: too, with bullets and bombs all around. One sailor has to
text: stop and puke from the oil; his buddy grabs him and they run
text: for cover; they find it in the dugout of the baseball
dialog: diamond.
scene_heading: EXT. NAVAL STATION - DAY
text: A MARINE GUNNERY SERGEANT leads men in a race through
text: strafing fire to the bases ammo storeroom.
scene_heading: INT. AMMO STOREROOM - DAY
text: The SUPPLY SERGEANT is at his post.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT
dialog: We need weapons and ammo!
scene_heading: SUPPLY SERGEANT
dialog: You need authorization.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT
dialog: The fuck I do!
text: He pushes the man out of the way and starts grabbing weapons.
scene_heading: EXT. NAVAL STATION - DAY
text: The gunnery sergeant and his marines run with a water-cooled
text: machine gun, across the open ground, under fire.
speaker_heading: BARRACKS
text: The Marines set up in the windows of their already-strafed
text: barracks, and start firing there, as the Zeros scream past.
scene_heading: EXT. NAVAL STATION - DAY
text: Trucks are moving dependents -- women and children -- from
text: the dependents’ housing area. The Japanese strafe the
text: trucks, dependents diving for cover.
speaker_heading: NAVAL STATION
text: A fire engine from the Honolulu Fire Department races up to
text: the sight of buildings burning from the air attack. As the
text: firemen jump out, a Zero strafes them, gunning down the
dialog: firemen.
text: As the strafing Zero starts to bank away, two P-40's come in
text: behind it, both of them gunning away. The Zero comes apart
text: under the barrage, and crashes in a ball of flame.
text: It's Rafe and Danny, back in the air.
scene_heading: INT. MILITARY BASE HOSPITAL - DAY
text: The once-pristine hospital with its glowing white beds is now
text: a bloody chaos. Every bed is already full; there are burned
text: and broken people on the floor -- soldiers, sailors,
text: civilians, firemen, all mixed in together. People are dying
text: everywhere, and screaming in pain, or moaning and begging for
text: help. At first we don't see Evelyn, and wonder if she
text: survived the glass; then we see her, flecks of her own blood
text: dotting her face and arms. The blood of soldiers on her
text: surgical apron. A steel calm has replaced her earlier
text: frenzy, even as the other nurses are breaking down.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I can't tell who's gotten morphine and
dialog: who hasn't!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Take a grease pencil and mark an M on the
dialog: forehead of everyone you stick.
text: A young doctor is trying to give an intravenous injection to
text: a man who's badly charred; the doctors hands are shaking.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Don't look for a vein, just poke.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: My pen's dry!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Use lipstick. Use ammo belts for
dialog: tourniquets, use your own nylons if you
dialog: have to! Barbara! Grab anything that
text: will hold a pint of blood and sterilize
dialog: it.
text: The doctors are amputating limbs right there in the hallway.
text: A SENIOR DOCTOR calls --
speaker_heading: SENIOR DOCTOR
dialog: Evelyn! You have to do the triage!
dialog: They're bringing them in with trucks!
text: Evelyn moves to the door. Trucks are pulling up, loaded with
text: the wounded, young terrified soldiers bringing them inside;
text: Evelyn does quick triage as they pass.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Critical -- front ward!... Give him
dialog: morphine, he can't wait...
text: The next body through is a pilot, wings on his uniform, his
text: chest riddled with bullets -- and his face shot off. For a
text: moment Evelyn falters, then she forces herself to check the
dialog: dog tags...
text: It isn't Rafe or Danny. Evelyn sags in guilty relief.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Take him outside and cover him; he's
dialog: dead.
text: She steadies herself as the next body comes through, a woman
text: on a stretcher, her stomach shot open, pale hands clutching
text: at the open wound, Evelyn feels for a pulse.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: She's gone too, take her --
dialog: It's Betty.
text: And though the bombs are blasting and guns booming
text: everywhere, the world goes silent for Evelyn.
text: One of the sailors outside the door is pointing to the
text: harbor, the Nevada has begun to move.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: The battleship NEVADA is underway, plowing through the
text: harbor, as the water erupts with bombs.
scene_heading: INT. THE NEVADA'S BRIDGE - DAY
text: The Captain is struggling to save his ship.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN OF THE NEVADA
dialog: We can save her if we make the open sea!
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - POV THE ATTACKING PLANES - DAY
text: The lead pilot in the next squad of Japanese planes spots the
text: moving battleship, and leads his squadron on it.
text: They come whipping in over the waves, dropping torpedoes and
dialog: bombs.
scene_heading: INT. THE NEVADA'S BRIDGE - DAY
text: The Nevada's Captain feels the ship shudder as it takes hits
text: amidships.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN OF THE NEVADA
dialog: We're not gonna make it -- and if we go
dialog: down here we block the channel... Beach
dialog: her, there!
text: His officers relay the order to the helm, and the ship's
text: rudder turns as more blasts rip her hull.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: The Nevada swings off its course and runs aground.
scene_heading: INT. THE NEVADA'S DYNAMO ROOM - DAY
text: The impact jolts the boilers, already bursting with the steam
text: pressure; gouts of steam from rupturing pipes scalds and
text: blinds the engine room crew.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEVADA - DAY
text: The Nevada, run aground at the shoreline, is now like a beast
text: cut from the herd; the predators swarm after it with
text: torpedoes and bombs.
text: One torpedo, missing the Nevada, skims right up the beach
text: itself and blasts a house on the shore to fragments.
text: Bombs detonate along the Nevada, engulfing the entire upper
text: deck in flames, ravaging the sailors.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: The Nevada is grounded near the hospital; from the doorway
text: Evelyn can see the whole ship on fire, burning sailors
text: leaping off the decks. Her hearing, her presence of mind,
text: returns; she lets Betty go, and grabs an ORDERLY.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Go to the base hardware store and get
dialog: some of those canister spray things they
dialog: use for killing bugs.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Insecticide?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No, just the sprayers. We'll fill them
dialog: with tannic acid, it'll sterilize them
dialog: and cool the burns! GO!
text: The orderly races away. They can still hear the bombs
text: falling outside.
text: A sailor staggers toward the hospital from the Nevada. He is
text: completely gray. Everyone stares at him, and then realizes
text: he is nude, burned gray, his skin ash.
text: Evelyn rushes to help him, shouting back over her shoulder to
dialog: the other nurses --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We're gonna need every bed. If they can
dialog: breathe, make 'em get up and move
dialog: someplace else!
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE CARRIER - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: The first wave of planes lands on the carrier. The flight
text: leader rushes to the bridge.
scene_heading: INT. JAPANESE CARRIER - BRIDGE - DAY
text: Yamamoto's advisors are exultant.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: We have achieved complete surprise! The
text: first wave is returning, the second is
dialog: attacking now, and we have lost only a
dialog: few planes. We can launch a third wave,
dialog: Admiral.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: The second wave has not returned. And we
dialog: have no idea where their carriers are.
dialog: What is the damage report?
scene_heading: COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER
dialog: We have Commander Fuchida on the radio
dialog: now, Admiral.
text: Yamamoto nods and Fuchida's voice comes over the intercom.
speaker_heading: FUCHIDA'S VOICE
dialog: I am over the harbor now...
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES ABOVE PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: Fuchida is in a scout plane, high over Pearl. His vision is
text: hampered by the thick black smoke, but he can tell there has
text: been awesome devastation. He uses a diagram of the ships at
text: anchor to note the damage to each ship.
speaker_heading: FUCHIDA
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: We have a tremendous victory. Many ships
text: damaged, some totally destroyed. But the
text: Second Wave's attack is being hindered by
dialog: the smoke.
scene_heading: INT. WAR ROOM OF THE AKAGI - DAY
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: The more we attack, the harder it is to
dialog: find targets. And we no longer have
dialog: surprise.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: If we launch the third wave and
dialog: annihilate their fuel depots, we destroy
dialog: their ability to operate in the Pacific
dialog: for at least a year!
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: And if we fail, and lose our carriers, we
dialog: destroy our ability to fight them at all.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: As soon as the second wave returns, we
dialog: will withdraw.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE CARRIER AKAGI - DAY
text: The last planes touch down, and the lead carrier and the
text: other ships in the Japanese assault fleet turn back toward
dialog: home.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - AFTERMATH - DAY
text: The harbor is a place of shattered bodies and shattered
text: ships. Blood, body parts, debris everywhere, and all of it
text: made more hellish by the oil fires on the water and the
text: choking black smoke those fires produce.
text: Every survivor has become an emergency fireman, stretcher
text: bearer, medic, iron worker. They fish men from the water,
text: extract them from the tangled wreckage of the ships.
text: Everyone is screaming and yelling -- the wounded for help,
dialog: the helpers for more help.
text: Local firemen and civilians battle heroically too; the water
text: mains are ruptured, so they put pump water from the base
text: swimming pool toward the burning ships.
text: The PHOTOGRAPHER records this with his black-and-white film
text: camera. He is shaken, and yet he understands the magnitude
text: of what he is recording -- the loss of America's innocence.
scene_heading: EXT. ARMY BASE - AFTERMATH - DAY
text: In one place, outside a barracks, soldiers hit by the bombs
text: are just becoming conscious. One of them comes to.
speaker_heading: CONSCIOUS SOLDIER
dialog: Sarge?! Where are you, Sarge?
text: He's crawling around toward the bushes; his legs are
text: shattered, but he's spotted a body. He reaches it, turns it
text: over -- and it's headless.
text: He turns away in horror...and finds himself staring at the
text: severed head.
text: The medics appear.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: We've got two more over here!
scene_heading: EXT. GENERAL SHORT'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Western Union messenger, Tadao Fuchikami, delivers the
dialog: telegram from Washington.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL SHORT'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Short and his staff are assessing damage.
speaker_heading: SHORT
dialog: I want lookouts and sentries everywhere,
dialog: with orders to shoot first and ask
dialog: questions later.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: You think an invasion possible, General?
speaker_heading: SHORT
dialog: After this morning, we better not
dialog: consider anything impossible.
dialog: 
text: An aide hands Short the telegram. He reads it -
speaker_heading: SHORT
dialog: From Washington. “Intelligence reports
dialog: an ultimatum from Japan to be given
text: precisely at one p.m. Washington time.
dialog: Just what significance the hour set may
dialog: have we do not know, but be on alert
dialog: accordingly."
text: The irony is bitter in his throat.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE EMBASSY - OAHU - DAY
text: The Honolulu police roar up to the embassy in squad cars, and
text: burst through the doors.
scene_heading: INT. JAPANESE EMBASSY - OAHU - DAY
text: The police storm through the embassy and find the Japanese
text: there burning documents.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - AFTERMATH - DAY
text: Divers are going down, trying to save the trapped men. But
text: the tangle of the Arizona is horrific. One diver gets
text: trapped, and another tries to extricate him, and the steel
text: shifts and falls on them both.
text: ON THE DECK OF BOMB-SHATTERED BATTLESHIP, a naval CAPTAIN
text: oversees rescue efforts. The 17-year-old sailor he sent off
text: for ammo now approaches him, with great concern.
scene_heading: SEVENTEEN-YEAR-OLD SAILOR
dialog: Sir, I...I lost the dinghy.
text: The captain looks out over the wreckage, great battleships
text: devastated in every direction.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Well, son, we won't worry about the
dialog: dinghy today.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - PEARL HARBOR - NIGHT
text: Danny and Rafe arrive at the hospital. Their fears of what
text: they might find aren't helped when they see the stairs into
text: the hospital covered in blood.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - PEARL HARBOR - NIGHT
text: Rafe and Danny enter. It's a scene from hell. Doctors are
text: doing amputations in the hallway. The once-pristine hospital
text: is now all red, with blood dripping through the mattresses,
text: onto the floor...
text: In the main ward, Evelyn and the other nurses are using the
text: fly sprayers to spritz cooling antiseptic on the charred
text: bodies. Evelyn looks up and sees both Rafe and Danny. Her
text: eyes register relief, but they are the only part of her that
text: can show emotion now; the rest of her is covered in blood.
text: Rafe and Danny move to her.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: How can we help?
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - PEARL HARBOR - NIGHT
text: Rafe and Danny sit quietly as Evelyn adjusts the tubes
text: conducting blood from their arms into sterilized Coke bottles
dialog: for transfusion.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: What else can we do?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: There's nothing you can do here, they'll
dialog: die or they won't, we just --
text: She stops, afraid if she says more, she'll lose grip on her
text: emotions. She can see the wreckage out in the harbor.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: There was a sailor, a black man on the
dialog: West Virginia, named Dorie Miller. I'd
dialog: like to know if he's alive.
text: She goes back to her work.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: Rafe and Danny hop from the ambulance in which they've
text: hitched a ride to the harbor. They see the awful
text: devastation.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - NIGHT
text: Rafe and Danny reach the West Virginia's pier, but in the
text: darkness, they can't find anything. They stop a NAVAL
speaker_heading: OFFICER.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Where is the West Virginia?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: There.
text: He points; the battleship has sunk, its superstructure barely
text: showing above the water.
text: It looks hopeless to find a single sailor here; but then they
text: see a powerful black sailor, pulling to the dock with a
text: dinghy full of dead men retrieved from the water. As workers
text: unload the bodies, the black sailor sits down, exhausted
text: physically and emotionally, his head in his hands. Rafe and
text: Danny approach him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We're looking for Dorie Miller.
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: That's me, Sir.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: A friend of ours wanted to be sure you're
text: alive. Evelyn. A nurse.
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Like we all are.
text: Miller nods, and looks out over the harbor, a hellish place
text: where black smoke still hangs over everything, the shattered
text: remains of men and ships still in the harbor. It's total
text: devastation. And yet something about that scene stirs
text: something else in Dorie Miller.
speaker_heading: DORIE
dialog: There's something out there I need to
dialog: get. Will you help me?
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - AFTERMATH - NIGHT
text: Dorie pilots the dinghy through the floating debris. Rafe
text: and Danny sit with him. He stops over a dangerous pile of
text: superstructure wreckage.
speaker_heading: DORIE
text: The Arizona. Hold the dinghy steady, so
text: it doesn't bust open.
text: Rafe and Danny brace the dinghy so it doesn't move; but they
text: still don't see what Dorie is after as he fishes down in the
text: water, for something barely at the surface; he works for a
text: moment, then pulls it up.
text: It's the oil-soaked flag of the Arizona.
scene_heading: EXT. HULL OF OKLAHOMA - NIGHT
text: Men are working through the night to save the sailors trapped
text: in the hull.
scene_heading: INT. OKLAHOMA - THE TRAPPED SAILORS
text: are in total darkness. From it we hear GASPING, then --
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: What's that?
text: The light comes on and sweeps around the faces. The water is
text: up to their chests, but it's stopped rising.
scene_heading: SAILOR FLASHLIGHT
dialog: Just hand on. They'll find us.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: How do you know?
scene_heading: SAILOR FLASHLIGHT
dialog: Because we would find them.
text: He switches the light off again.
scene_heading: EXT. HULL OF OKLAHOMA - NIGHT
text: The welders are cutting away, the torches sending showers of
text: sparks everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. OKLAHOMA - THE TRAPPED SAILORS
text: They are gasping, running out of air.
scene_heading: SAILOR FLASHLIGHT
dialog: Breathe easy. Stay calm.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: You hear something?
text: Something stirs in the ship; a noise...from where? Then a
text: point of light; sparks fly into the room; somebody's cutting
text: through the wall. And the sparks illuminate faces suddenly
text: filled with hope.
text: But as the cut enlarges, the trapped air, compressed by the
text: water, starts rushing out -- and the water starts rising
text: again. The trapped sailors hope turns to terror.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
text: It's letting out air, and letting in
dialog: water!
text: The steel circle pops out, and they knock the welders down in
text: their hurry to escape.
text: Some of the sailors who were trapped are naked. They fight
text: their way toward the escape hole cut into the hull, assisted
dialog: by rescue workers.
scene_heading: EXT. HULL OF OKLAHOMA - NIGHT
text: The trapped sailors emerge, and they can barely take in the
text: devastation. Destroyed ships everywhere, the smoking
text: wreckage... The rescued sailors gaze around them in shock.
text: They are shivering, and other sailors put blankets around
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - DAY
text: The entire Washington press corps is waiting, with fresh
text: bulbs in the flash attachments of cameras that are already as
text: big as a shoe box. The President is wheeled out of the White
text: House, and not a single photographer takes a picture...not
dialog: yet.
text: Aides help Roosevelt from the chair, and the press people all
text: see the President struggle on legs that have no strength, to
text: the podium. His aides lock the steel clasps at the knees of
text: his braces into place, and the President stands at the
text: microphone. And suddenly, from the front, Roosevelt looks
text: powerful, even majestic.
text: Now all the bulbs pop and flash. He looks into the cameras.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: Yesterday, December 7, 1941 -- a date
dialog: which will live in infamy -- the United
dialog: States of American was suddenly and
dialog: deliberately attacked by naval and air
dialog: forces of the Empire of Japan.
text: OVER THIS, we see the bombing, the aftermath, the bodies
text: being fished from the oil-soaked harbor.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: The distance of Hawaii from Japan makes
dialog: it obvious that the attacks was planned
dialog: many days or even weeks ago. During the
dialog: intervening time the Japanese Government
dialog: has deliberately sought to deceive the
dialog: United States by false statements and
text: expressions of hope for continued peace.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: The Japanese fleet steams back toward Japan. The young
text: officers are exultant...but Yamamoto is pensive.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: ...I regret to tell you that many
dialog: American lives have been lost.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: We see rows of bodies outside the hospital where Evelyn
dialog: works.
text: The mess hall has been converted to a silent morgue, with
text: bodies on every table.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: Yesterday the Japanese Government also
text: launched an attack against Malaya. Last
dialog: night Japanese forces attacked Hong
dialog: Kong... Guam...
scene_heading: OVER THIS, EXT. ISLANDS - NIGHT
text: We see Japanese planes bombing islands, and soldiers
text: attacking amphibious landings.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: ...the Philippine Islands... Wake
dialog: Island... And this morning the Japanese
dialog: attacked Midway Island.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - DAY
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: The facts speak for themselves. With
dialog: confidence in our armed forces -- with
dialog: the unbounding determination of our
dialog: people -- we will gain the inevitable
dialog: triumph -- so help us God. I ask that
dialog: the Congress declare that since the
text: unprovoked and dastardly attack by Japan
dialog: on Sunday, December 7, 1941, a state of
dialog: war --
text: The words echoes out across America --
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT'S VOICE
dialog: War...war...war...
text: It rings through the radios of farm houses, to country boys
text: gathered round; in the pool halls of big cities; in the fire
dialog: houses and high schools...
text: THE LINES AT RECRUITING STATIONS all across America -- men
text: line up faster than the recruiters can handle them.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - DAY
text: Roosevelt meets with his advisors.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: Gentlemen, the crisis we face is not the
dialog: fact that our enemies believe they can
dialog: defeat us -- it's the fact that our people
dialog: believe it too. I want a plan -- a
dialog: workable plan -- to hit the heart of
dialog: Japan, to bomb them the way they have
dialog: bombed us.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL
dialog: Mr. President, Pearl Harbor caught us
dialog: because we didn't face facts. This isn't
dialog: a time for ignoring them again. There
dialog: are no planes in the entire American
text: arsenal capable of covering the distance
dialog: to Japan from any land base we control
dialog: while carrying enough bombs to do any
dialog: damage whatsoever.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MARSHALL
dialog: He's right, Mr. President. The Army has
dialog: long range bombers, but no place to
dialog: launch them from. Midway's too far,
text: China is overrun by Japanese forces, and
dialog: Russia refuses to go to war with Japan
dialog: and won't allow us to launch a raid from
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL
text: The navy's planes are small, carry light
dialog: loads, and have short range. We would
dialog: have to get them within a few hundred
dialog: miles of Japan, and therefore risk our
dialog: carriers. And if we lose our carriers,
dialog: we have no shield against invasion.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: What if the Japanese did invade?
speaker_heading: GENERAL MARSHALL
dialog: We've done studies. We're confident we
dialog: would turn them back eventually...after
dialog: they'd gotten as far as Chicago.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL
dialog: Mr. President...with all respect...what
dialog: you are asking can't be done.
text: Roosevelt places his hands on the arms of his wheelchair, and
text: struggles to lift himself. Aides jump to help him, but he
text: waves them off. With inhuman physical effort, that has his
text: neck veins bulging and sweat popping on his face, Roosevelt
text: stands on his withered legs.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: Do not tell me...it can't be done.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - HICKAM BASE - DAY
text: There is a mass memorial service going on, with caskets
text: draped in flags.
text: There are also coffins covered in Japanese flags, their
text: drowned fliers being treated now with respect.
text: Everyone is in their best uniforms. The pilots -- Rafe,
text: Danny, and the other guys -- are looking at Billy's coffin;
text: Evelyn, next to Danny, on his appropriate side is looking at
text: one that belongs to Betty. So is Red; he's grieving.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: ...Where is God in this? Our enemies
dialog: believe a divine wind protects them. We
dialog: see our friends laid out before us, and
dialog: find it hard to believe in anything at
dialog: all.
text: Rafe and Evelyn exchange a glance, past Danny.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Though we cannot understand why our
dialog: friends should die while we live, we can
dialog: affirm our truest selves in our belief
dialog: that any God worth divinity would choose
dialog: both justice and mercy, and would take
dialog: these fallen brothers and sisters into
dialog: eternal peace. Amen.
text: As the mourners disperse, Evelyn puts a lei on Betty's
text: casket; Red does the same, then breaks down beside Danny. As
text: Danny comforts him, Evelyn moves to Rafe.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Rafe --
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I need to tell you something. I didn't
dialog: know what it was to lose somebody, to see
dialog: death and find how much it scares you.
dialog: That you haven't lived and loved enough.
dialog: I didn't understand. Forgive me.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Rafe... No. You forgive me.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Of course I forgive you. I know what you
dialog: feel for Danny is real. And your choice
dialog: is your choice.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: That's what I have to tell you, Rafe. It
dialog: wasn't a choice. It --
text: An Army Corps MAJOR steps up and interrupts.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Lieutenant Rafe McCawley?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Yes, Major.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Lieutenant Daniel Walker here too?
text: Danny sees him and moves up.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm Walker.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: You're going Stateside. We fly out in
text: half an hour.
text: He hands them both orders.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: What for, Sir?
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Ask Colonel Doolittle. Those orders are
dialog: from him.
scene_heading: EXT. HICKAM FIELD - DAY
text: The wrecked planes have been pushed off the runway and lie in
text: piles. A transport plane is fueling, and Rafe and Danny wait
text: in the shade of a shelter.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I told her not to come.
text: The Major, watching the fueling, gets a wave from the ground
text: crew and turns and motions to Rafe and Danny that they're
text: ready. They pick up their duffel bags -- and then Evelyn
text: comes around the corner of the shelter.
text: Rafe sees her first, but stops and looks away as Danny moves
text: to her. For a moment he studies her eyes, and she does not
dialog: look away.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: This hasn't been easy for any of us. I
dialog: feel awful for how it's happened. But
dialog: I've seen my first spring too. Thanks
dialog: for knowing that's true.
text: He takes her into his arms, kisses her tenderly but briefly,
text: a final time. Evelyn's eyes find Rafe, but he can't look at
text: her until the embrace is over.
text: Rafe and Danny move to the plane and hurry up the steps.
text: They turn before the door closes and wave to her.
text: Evelyn's still standing there as the plane lifts away.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. MILITARY INSTALLATION - NIGHT
text: The transport has landed and taxied right to the door of a
text: low, dark bunker, mostly underground. The Major leads Rafe
text: and Danny inside.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER
text: Rafe and Danny follow the Major down a spartan corridor; the
text: whole place reeks of secrecy.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - SECRECY ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Major opens the door for Rafe and Danny, then leaves,
text: closing it behind him. Doolittle is alone at a desk. Rafe
text: and Danny walk in and salute. Doolittle motions to the two
text: chairs in front of the desk without looking up from the
dialog: papers he's studying.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I heard what you did.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: We can explain, Colonel.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Explain what?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Whatever is was you heard about us.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You mean the hula shirts you were flying
dialog: in?... Or the six planes you shot down?
dialog: You're both being awarded the Silver
dialog: Star, and promoted to captain.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Is that the good new, Sir, or --
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You're just about the only pilots in the
dialog: Army with actual combat experience, so
dialog: you're volunteering for a mission I've
dialog: been ordered to put together. Do you
dialog: know what top secret is?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Well sure, Colonel --
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Top secret means you help me pick the
dialog: other pilots, train, and go -- without
dialog: knowing where you're going until it's too
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You can count on us.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: There's only one other thing I can tell
dialog: you.
text: Doolittle looks up from his paperwork for the first time.
text: His eyes are fierce.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You won't need any goddamn hula shirts.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTABLISHING EGLIN FIELD, FLORIDA - DAY
text: Eglin Field is on the gulf coast of Florida.
scene_heading: INT. BRIEFING ROOM - EGLIN FIELD - DAY
text: A room full of PILOTS are assembled, with and other CREWMEN.
text: Danny and Rafe are there; Red and Anthony too.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Attention!
text: Colonel Doolittle strides into the room as all the men snap
dialog: to attention.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Be seated. The mission you've
dialog: volunteered for is dangerous. How
dialog: dangerous? Look at the man beside you.
dialog: It's a good bet that six weeks from now,
dialog: either you or he will be dead.
text: Danny and Rafe whisper to each other --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Sorry you're gonna die -- cause I'm gonna
dialog: make it.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: What color flowers you want me to bring
dialog: to your funeral?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: In flight school you qualified in single
dialog: and in multi-engine planes. You'll be
text: flying multi-engines here.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Bombers.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I want to introduce a couple of people.
dialog: Doc White is a flight surgeon; he has
dialog: volunteered for gunnery training so that
dialog: he can go on the mission, because we
dialog: can't spare the weight of an extra man.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (whispering)
text: A long range bomber mission.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: ...And Ross Greening, who will oversee
dialog: your equipment. Any questions?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who'll be the first one in, Colonel? I'd
dialog: like to volunt --
text: Rafe elbows his ribs so hard it takes his breath away.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I thought I'd made it clear, I'm not
dialog: just putting this mission together -- I'm
dialog: leading it myself.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I take it back, about the flowers. We're
dialog: all gonna die.
scene_heading: EXT. EGLIN FIELD - RUNWAY - DAY
text: CLOSE - A B-25 bomber, from different angles.
text: The pilots look them over, liking what they see.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: This is what we'll fly -- the B-25.
dialog: There's one thing you have to be aware of
dialog: from the very beginning. You see that
dialog: private?
text: They look down the runway a few hundred feet. A private
text: waves, and starts painting a red line across the runway.
text: Another private, close by, paints a green line.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Green means go. Red means dead.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - THE TRAINING - EGLIN FIELD - DAY
text: The pilots practice takeoff's. Red is Rafe's copilot;
text: Anthony is Danny's. Nobody can get airborne before the red
dialog: line.
scene_heading: INT. EGLIN FIELD - LECTURE ROOM - DAY
text: Doolittle is instructing the men.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You're having trouble getting airborne in
dialog: the shorter space because you're not
dialog: revving the engines enough. You've got
dialog: to push them to the limit before you ever
text: start to move.
text: Rafe is distracted; he's lost in though, looking at Danny --
text: and looks away just before Danny realizes it.
scene_heading: MONTAGE CONTINUES - EXT. EGLIN FIELD RUNWAY - DAY
text: Pilots practice hard, revving the engines, taking off
text: hard...all of them crossing the red line, takeoff after
text: takeoff. Rafe pushes his engine hard and still crosses by
text: twenty feet; Danny pushes even harder, and misses by ten
dialog: feet.
text: Doolittle watches with Greening from the edge of the runway.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: We've got to get the weight down.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - EGLIN FIELD - DAY
text: Greening has removed the intensely complex Norden sight from
text: a bomber and put in on a table for Doolittle.
speaker_heading: GREENING
dialog: Okay, forty pounds gone. And in it's
dialog: place, this.
text: He shows Doolittle an aluminum strip on a swivel.
speaker_heading: GREENING
dialog: Weight, 3 ounces. Cost, 20 cents.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Does it work?
scene_heading: EXT. EGLIN FIELD - DAY
text: Doolittle pilots a B-25 at treetop level onto a practice
text: bombing range. Greening uses the makeshift sight, and drops
text: a 500-lb sack of flour, right in the middle of the bull's-eye
text: target chalked on the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. FLORIDA COAST - DAY
text: The B-25's are practicing, flying at treetop level. Red is
text: Rafe's copilot, Anthony is Danny's. Doolittle is flying the
dialog: lead bomber.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Right down to the treetops. Low as you
dialog: can.
text: Rafe brings his plane down, smoothly. Then Danny's plane
text: appears -- under him. Rafe jerks his nose up quickly.
text: Rafe's angry; Danny's laughing -- but he scares the shit out
dialog: of his crew.
scene_heading: EXT. EGLIN FIELD - NIGHT
text: Danny's outside, looking up at the moon. Rafe appears and
text: moves up beside him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Fun today. Like old times.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Danny, what the hell are you trying to do
dialog: out there?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What do you mean? I'm just doing what
dialog: we've always done.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: No. You're trying to beat me.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We've always tried to beat each other.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Bullshit. We've played with each other,
dialog: pushed each other. This is different.
dialog: Like you want to prove that you're
dialog: better than me. Who's that for --
dialog: Evelyn?
text: Danny's anger flares for a moment -- but Rafe's hit home.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: Maybe just trying to measure up.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: What's between you and her is between you
dialog: and her. But here's what's between you
dialog: and me. Everybody has a hero, Danny.
dialog: And you're mine.
text: Danny's caught off-guard.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: When we were growing up, I had
dialog: everything. You had nothing. You
text: climbed out of a hole I couldn't even see
dialog: the bottom of. I think maybe when I went
dialog: off to England, I was trying to measure
dialog: up to you. Measuring up's over. Let's
dialog: just look out for each other. Okay?
text: They embrace, closer now than ever.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - INTERCUT
text: with the planes practicing their short takeoffs, we see
text: Roosevelt in one of his fireside chats, his voice broadcast
dialog: across America...
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT'S VOICE
dialog: Good evening, America...
text: Families all across America are gathered around radios,
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT'S VOICE
dialog: I'm told that 80% of American families
dialog: are listening to these fireside chats of
dialog: ours, and I'm happy we can come together,
dialog: as one great American family. I'd like
dialog: each of you within the sound of my voice
dialog: to find a map...
text: The FAMILIES do, gathering around encyclopedias, school
dialog: books, any reference they have, spread on kitchen tables,
text: suburban living room rugs, or farmhouse hearths...
text: And the B-25's, all sixteen of them, begin a journey in
text: formation, flying at treetop level across America:
dialog: Mississippi delta land, Texas plains, Arizona mesas...
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT'S VOICE
dialog: Look at the Pacific Ocean. It covers
dialog: half the surface of the earth. And look
text: at the great Atlantic. The oceans both
dialog: divide and connect us to our enemies, and
dialog: either they will come to us, or we will
dialog: go to them...
text: The formation of B-25's reaches San Francisco.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO NAVAL AIR STATION - DAY
text: Doolittle leads the bombers to a landing. IN RAFE'S PLANE,
dialog: everybody's wondering why they're here.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: N-naval station? What's g-going on?
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Wish I knew, Red.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO AIR FIELD - DAY
text: The crews climb from their planes, and almost before they're
text: out, teams of men use straps and cranes to hoist the bombers
text: onto flatbed trucks. Doolittle walks up to Rafe and Danny,
text: watching the baffling operation.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Want to see where they're going?
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO HARBOR - EVENING
text: Cranes lift the planes from the trucks and hoist them onto
text: the flight decks of the carrier USS HORNET. The pilots stand
text: on the pier, watching.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I guess that settles it. Somewhere in
dialog: the Pacific.
speaker_heading: RED
text: With a s-short r-runway.
text: They all gather around Doolittle as he moves up to them.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You have rooms at the Biltmore. I
dialog: suggest a nice meal and a good night's
dialog: sleep. We leave tomorrow.
text: Doolittle walks to join a captain.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. SAN FRANCISCO HOTEL - NIGHT
text: The pilots get off the bus and carry their duffels into the
dialog: lobby.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: San Francisco, here we are!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: I don't reckon we can get hogbrains and
dialog: grits, but I hear a man can eat good in
dialog: this town.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I'm gonna turn in. I hate being on the
dialog: water. I think this is the last sleep
dialog: I'll get for awhile.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - NIGHT
text: The other guys drop their duffels with the bell hops; Rafe
text: moves to the reception desk.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: McCawley.
text: The manager hands him a key, and smiles curiously.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Have fun.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Rafe enters his room and finds the light on...and Evelyn's
dialog: there waiting.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: What?...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: They were bringing back a ship full of
dialog: wounded and needed extra nurses along. I
dialog: wrote Colonel Doolittle, and told him I
dialog: needed to see you before you go.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: It must of been a convincing letter.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It was. I couldn't have you go away,
dialog: wherever it is...to war...without knowing
dialog: something. You think I made a choice, of
dialog: Danny over you. I didn't. I didn't have
dialog: a choice. I'm pregnant.
text: The blood drains from Rafe's heart. Yet he finds the
text: strength to move to her. She turns away, so she won't throw
text: her arms around him.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Does Danny know?
text: She shakes her head, refuses to cry.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I wasn't sure, until the day you turned
dialog: up alive. I never had a chance to tell
dialog: him. Now I can't have him thinking about
dialog: this when he needs to be thinking about
dialog: his mission, and how to come back from
dialog: it.
text: She turns and faces him again.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I want you thinking about that too. Just
dialog: come back.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Rafe, I see it in your face. You're
dialog: thinking you don't have anything to live
dialog: for. Don't you dare think that way.
dialog: I'll never write a letter, or look at a
dialog: sunset, without thinking of you. I'll
dialog: love you my whole life. And I want you
dialog: to live.
text: She looks at him, her eyes bright with tears, but still she
text: refuses to cry. They both know they can't touch, or they'll
text: never let go. She walks past him, out of the room, closing
text: the door softly behind her.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO HARBOR - DAY
text: The USS HORNET clears the Golden Gate Bridge, with cruisers
text: and destroyers rounding out its battle group.
text: Rafe and Danny stand on the flight deck, watching the city
text: recede behind them.
text: Evelyn is on a hilltop watching them go. Danny can't see
text: her, doesn't know she's there. Rafe can't see her either --
dialog: but he knows.
speaker_heading: SHIP'S INTERCOM
text: Army pilots to the briefing room.
scene_heading: INT. THE CARRIER HORNET - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY
text: The pilots are gathered expectantly in the carrier's
text: conference room. Doolittle strides in.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Gentlemen, I can now tell you that the
dialog: target of this mission is Tokyo.
text: The pilots love it. The ones who have not seen battle are
text: grinning and vocal. Rafe, Danny, Anthony, and Red are
text: quieter, savoring the prospect of revenge.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: And where's the secret base, Sir? The
dialog: one we t-takeoff from.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: The navy will get us to within 400 miles
dialog: of the Japanese coast. We'll launch off
dialog: the carriers from there.
text: Suddenly the pilots don't like the sound of this.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Sir, has this ever been done, launching
text: an army bomber off a navy carrier?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: No. Any other questions?
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: C-Colonel, we been p-practicing
dialog: takeoff's, but I ain't sure we can land
dialog: on these carriers d-decks.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: We won't have the fuel to get back to the
dialog: carriers; they'll turn and run back to
dialog: Hawaii the minute we're airborne.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Then wh-where do we land?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I have a phrase I want you all to
dialog: memorize: "Lushu hoo megwa fugi." It
dialog: means "I am an American." In Chinese.
text: Absolute silence among the pilots.
scene_heading: EXT. FLIGHT DECK OF THE HORNET - DAY
text: The sailors who man the flight deck look at each other with
text: bafflement as the worried pilots pace from one end of the
text: deck to the other. They're in a line like ducks, Rafe in the
text: lead and the others following, counting steps, each man
text: measuring the distance. Shaking their heads, worrying.
text: They stop at the end and look down at the sea far below them;
text: it's dizzying. Anthony shoves Red for fun before grabbing
text: his shoulder to stop him from falling.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: A-a-asshole!... Maybe it's l-longer
dialog: going this way.
text: He starts pacing back the other way, as if the ship's longer
text: in that direction. The other pilots watch him for a moment,
text: then follow him, counting again.
text: Rafe and Danny are left standing alone at the end of the
text: flight deck. Far over the surging sea.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's shorter than our practice runway.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: They'll turn the ship into the wind
dialog: before we launch. That'll help.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We'll be loaded with 2,000 pounds of
dialog: bombs and 1,500 pounds of fuel. I got
text: another Chinese phrase for Doolittle.
dialog: "Mug wump rickshaw mushu pork." It
dialog: means "Who the fuck thought up this
dialog: shit?"
text: Doolittle appears right beside them.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: He was a navy man.
text: Doolittle walks away.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Maybe we'll be lucky with the weather.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC - A FEROCIOUS STORM - NIGHT
text: The Hornet tosses, bashed by a vicious storm.
scene_heading: INT. CARRIER HORNET - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY
text: The ships is rolling; most of the fliers are green.
text: Doolittle stands at the podium.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Since we'll be on our own once we're in
dialog: the air, I thought I had a good idea
text: letting each crew select it's own target.
text: He looks at a pile of paper slips in front of him.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Now we have fifteen requests for the
dialog: Emperor's Palace...and one for Tokyo
dialog: baseball stadium.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: I d-don't think Japs ought'a be allowed
dialog: to p-play baseball.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I'd like to bomb their Emperor too. But
dialog: I think that'd just piss 'em off. The
dialog: idea here, Gentlemen, is not revenge.
dialog: We're here to prove to them that they're
dialog: neither invincible nor superior. So
dialog: let's try this again. Military targets
dialog: only.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Colonel, to f-fight you need strategy.
dialog: To have strategy, ya gotta practice. And
dialog: to practice it, ya gotta play --
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: No baseball diamonds, Red.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Y-Yes Sir.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC - DAY
text: The storm is subsiding, but it's still raining. From the
text: bridge of the Hornet, they spot the ENTERPRISE.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL
dialog: The Enterprise will ride shotgun when we
dialog: launch the bombers. They wanted our
dialog: carriers at Pearl, and now we've come to
dialog: them. If the Japanese get us, they'll be
dialog: having dinner in San Francisco next
dialog: month.
scene_heading: EXT. FLIGHT DECK - THE HORNET - DAY
text: The preparations begin. Deck crews move the B-25's to the
text: rear of the flight deck. Fueling teams top off the bomber's
text: gas tanks. Ordnance men hoist four bombs into each aircraft,
text: and the army gunners load ammunition for the machine guns.
text: Greening checks the planes’ mechanical and hydraulic systems.
text: And once again the pilots are out pacing the deck distance.
text: It's turned into a game for them, walking off nerves. As
text: Rafe and Danny pass.
speaker_heading: RAFE
text: It's not getting any longer.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Longer? It's getting shorter.
scene_heading: INT. HORNET - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY
text: Doolittle is laying out the plan for all the pilots.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: We'll take off late this afternoon. I'll
text: hit Tokyo at dusk, and drop incendiary
dialog: bombs. You'll come after me at night,
text: guided by the fires. Then it's on to
dialog: China, where you'll arrive at dawn,
text: guided to their airfields by the homing
dialog: beacons the Chinese are going to switch
dialog: on for us. That's if everything is
dialog: perfect -- like every other military
dialog: mission I've ever been involved with.
text: Doolittle looks around the room. No one's smiling.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Listen you guys. I'm the first plane --
dialog: then McCawley, Walker, the rest of you.
dialog: I'll have the shortest run. If I don't
dialog: make it, you don't go.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Colonel...we're all going. Whether you
dialog: make it or not.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE OF THE CRUISER NASHVILLE - DAY
text: The cruiser Nashville is at the perimeter of the task force.
text: It's lookouts spot Japanese patrol boats ahead.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE OF THE ENTERPRISE - DAY
text: The message is handed to Admiral Halsey.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Sir, lookouts on the cruisers report
dialog: patrol boats, ten miles away!
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: The Japs have set up a picket line!
dialog: Order the cruisers to open fire! We've
dialog: got to sink them before they get a
dialog: message away.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC - DAY
text: The cruiser NASHVILLE begins firing rounds at the Japanese
text: patrol boat; round after round misses.
scene_heading: INT. HORNET'S RADIO ROOM - DAY
text: The operators hear the excited voices of Japanese radio
dialog: traffic.
speaker_heading: RADIO OPERATOR
dialog: They've reported our position! Tell the
dialog: Admiral.
scene_heading: EXT. HORNET - DAY
text: Doolittle hurries up to the command bridge, with the naval
text: officers sent by the Admiral to fetch him. Doolittle sees
text: the cruisers next to the carrier firing its guns -- at
text: Japanese boats in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE OF THE HORNET - DAY
text: Doolittle finds the Admiral gathered with his staff, their
text: mood is grim.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: How far are we from Tokyo?
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL
text: Seven hundred miles.
scene_heading: INT. PILOT'S WARD ROOMS - SERIES OF DISSOLVES
text: Rafe, Danny, and the other pilots are alone at their bunks,
text: taking advantage of the lull before the mission.
text: Rafe has paper and pen to write a letter, but he can't think
dialog: of anything to write.
text: Danny holds the "Picture of Paradise" that Sammy took, of
text: Evelyn and the nurses in the sun. He tucks it inside his
dialog: shirt, when he hears --
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: Army pilots, man your planes!
scene_heading: EXT. FLIGHT DECK - THE HORNET - DAY
text: The pilots run onto deck. The cruiser next to the Hornet is
text: still firing away at the Japanese patrol boat.
text: Doolittle runs onto deck, shouting orders.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Load in every bit of extra gas you can
dialog: carry! And strip everything you don't
dialog: need out of the planes. I mean
dialog: EVERYTHING!
scene_heading: EXT. HORNET - FLIGHT DECK - STRIPPING THE PLANES - DAY
text: It's starting to rain but the guys don't notice at all.
text: They're stripping seats out of the planes, tossing out their
dialog: own gear.
text: Greening pulls the machine guns out of the rear of the planes
text: and puts in broomsticks painted black.
text: Off in the distance the Japanese patrol boat takes a hit and
text: explodes. Rafe and Danny meet between their bombers.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: Broomsticks instead of tail guns.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: We'll get separated over the target, but
dialog: you and I will rendezvous for the run to
dialog: China. I'm on your wing.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And I'm on yours. Land of the free.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Home of the Brave.
text: They climb into their bombers.
scene_heading: EXT. HORNET - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: The engines are revving. The tachs are showing redline. The
text: crews are in their planes. Doolittle is first, just ahead of
text: Rafe and Danny's B-25's.
text: The battle pennants whip, the props blur, the wheels strain
text: against the brakes; from the cockpits the flight deck looks
text: impossibly short...and the American flag cracks in the wind.
text: And now every pilot looks at Doolittle's plane...
text: Doolittle starts the run down the flight deck...faster...the
text: end looming. He turns the plane almost vertical, standing it
text: on its props...and lifts away smoothly.
text: The sailors on deck cheer, like the Japanese did before Pearl
dialog: Harbor.
text: Rafe, Danny, and the others take off too.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIMMING OVER THE WAVES - DAY
text: The B-25's head toward Japan.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC - THE AMERICAN TASK FORCE - DAY
text: Admiral Halsey, on the deck of the ENTERPRISE, watches as the
text: last plane takes off. The planes recede in the distance,
text: racing just a few feet over the water, toward Japan.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Of all the other things this mission is
dialog: doing that have never been done before...
dialog: I've never sent out planes that I wasn't
dialog: going to see safely home. Let's get out
dialog: of here.
text: The task force runs for home.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIMMING OVER THE WAVES - DAY
text: At first the planes are together; Rafe and Danny can see each
text: other off each other's wing, and Doolittle's plane is ahead.
text: The others are grouped after them. They maintain strict
text: radio silence, and can communicate only with gestures, hand
text: signals, or a flasher for Morse code. When Rafe speaks to
text: the crew of his own plane, it's by pressing an intercom
text: sender to his throat.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: What's our ETA for Tokyo?
text: The bombardier/navigator is already working out the numbers
text: at his plotting table in the center of the plane.
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
text: Almost exactly at 12 noon.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: High n-noon. I k-kinda like that.
text: Rafe looks over to Danny and gives him a thumbs up.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S PLANE - DAY
text: Danny calls back to his GUNNER, who is watching the fuel
dialog: supply.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We got a 25-mile-an-hour head wind. How
dialog: we doing with fuel?
speaker_heading: GUNNER
dialog: How do you think?
text: The gunner is already pouring gas into the tanks from the
dialog: extra cans.
text: Anthony stands and moves back to the rear of the plane, pulls
text: a piece of chalk from his pocket and writes on the nose of
dialog: the bombs -- "For America," "For Pearl Harbor," “For the
dialog: Arizona," "For Billy."
text: -- Rafe flies, lost in thought...
text: -- Evelyn is back at Pearl, struggling to keep her mind on
dialog: her work.
text: -- Danny is looking at his gauges, then at the picture in
text: his shirt.
scene_heading: EXT. TOKYO - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY
dialog: It's a pleasant day, and the people of Tokyo are ina
text: confident, happy mood. They're shopping, smiling, enjoying
text: beautiful spring weather. The Emperor is on the garden of
text: his palace having lunch.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIMMING OVER THE WAVES - DAY
text: The American planes are coming.
scene_heading: INT. DOOLITTLE'S PLANE - DAY
text: He and his navigator confer.
scene_heading: DOOLITTLE'S NAVIGATOR
text: Time for the others to break off.
text: His copilot uses the flashes to signal the other planes.
text: They break off for their individual targets, every plane now
dialog: on it's own.
scene_heading: INT. JAPANESE AIR DEFENSE STATION - DAY
text: This is the nerve center of Tokyo's defense. An OFFICER
text: receives a message and reports to his supervisor.
scene_heading: JAPANESE DEFENSE OFFICER
text: Coastal stations report a low flying
text: plane coming in off the sea.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: From the sea?... That couldn't be right,
dialog: it must be part of the air raid practice
dialog: this morning.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIMMING OVER THE WAVES - DAY
text: The planes reach the Japanese coastline, and start skimming
text: over treetop level.
scene_heading: EXT. TOKYO - DAY
text: The office of an anti-aircraft battery blows its whistle; his
text: crew mount their guns and swerves them around. The officer
text: whistle's again and checks his watch.
scene_heading: ANTI-AIRCRAFT OFFICER
dialog: Not bad.
text: The crew dismount their guns; just a drill.
scene_heading: EXT. TOKYO - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY
text: The Japanese people are unaware of the drill. People are
text: browsing through open-air shops, where new radios are turned
text: on, playing music. And Tokyo Rose is talking -- in English
dialog: and Japanese.
scene_heading: TOKYO ROSE (ON THE RADIO)
text: It is another beautiful day in Tokyo, as
text: all of Japan basks in a new day of
dialog: victory.
scene_heading: INT. THE PLANES - DAY
text: Coma, Danny's navigator, picks this up.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: Listen to this -- it's Tokyo Rose.
scene_heading: TOKYO ROSE (ON THE RADIO)
dialog: Our brave sailors and soldiers, inspired
dialog: by our divine Emperor, have pushed the
dialog: Americans from the Pacific.
text: These words go through the plane; and in the other planes
dialog: they hear it too.
scene_heading: TOKYO ROSE (ON THE RADIO)
dialog: But hiding at home will not save them.
dialog: Each time the Americans have tasted the
dialog: samurai spirit, they have learned the
text: bitter taste of defeat, while Japan is
text: embraced by the divine wind that has
dialog: protected our island for seven centuries.
scene_heading: EXT. TOKYO - DAY
text: The planes reach Tokyo, and flash across the rooftops.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S PLANE - DAY
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: We'll give that bitch something to
dialog: announce.
text: Danny and Rafe give each other a wave, and divert toward
text: their separate targets. Each plane is on its own now.
scene_heading: EXT. TOKYO - DAY
text: Doolittle's plane flashes right over the Emperor's palace.
text: The Emperor sits in the garden, meditating.
scene_heading: EXT. TOKYO - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY
text: Mothers walking their children see the planes flash by
text: overhead, and like the people at Pearl, they think they are
text: friendlies. A toddler points up and smiles. His mother
text: picks him up and hugs him happily.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE MOTHER
dialog: Yes! So beautiful!
scene_heading: INT. THE PLANES - DAY
text: Rafe's bombardier works his 20-cent bombsight, as Rafe holds
text: the plane steady, bringing it up to 200 feet.
text: They scan for fighter or anti-aircraft fire. There isn't
dialog: any.
speaker_heading: RAFE
text: Open bomb bay doors.
text: DANNY'S PLANE runs toward its target...
text: DOOLITTLE'S PLANE races over Tokyo...
speaker_heading: GUNNER
dialog: Bomb bay doors open, sir.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: It's all yours.
text: The bombardier hits the first switch. The bomb falls toward
dialog: a factory.
text: It strikes home, right on target. The blast is shocking --
text: it blows debris higher than the plane.
scene_heading: EXT. TOKYO - THE BOMBING - VARIOUS SHOTS
text: The individual planes drop their bombs, four per plane, on
text: shipyards, factories, oil supplies, weapons facilities.
text: Their bombing is highly accurate.
text: On the ground, at the open-air market, for a brief moment
text: Radio Tokyo goes silent; then --
scene_heading: TOKYO ROSE (ON THE RADIO)
dialog: We interrupt this broadcast... Tokyo is
dialog: being bombed!
scene_heading: EXT. THE EMPEROR'S PALACE - DAY
text: The Emperor looks up at the sound of air raid sirens and
text: distant explosions.
scene_heading: EMPEROR'S ATTENDANT
dialog: Surely just a drill, Divine One.
scene_heading: INT. RAFE'S PLANE - DAY
speaker_heading: NAVIGATOR
dialog: Last bomb away.
text: It slams into a factory, blowing debris everywhere and
text: turning the factory into an inferno.
text: Rafe's tail gunner sees Zeros swarming in with vengeance.
speaker_heading: GUNNER
dialog: We got Zeros! And they're pissed off!
text: Rafe changes course quickly.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S PLANE - DAY
text: Anti-aircraft FLAK bursts in the sky in front of them; Danny
text: takes evasive action.
scene_heading: INT. RAFE'S PLANE - ABOVE TOKYO - DAY
text: Rafe pushes the engines to top speed and changes course
text: again; but the B-25's can't outrun the Zeros. Their fire
text: chews into the bomber's tail, hitting the gunner. Red
text: scrambles back to find the gunner dead.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Can you get 'em off us?
text: Red reacting to bullets coming through the rear of the
text: fuselage, looks at the brooms protruding from the rear of the
dialog: plane.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Whatta ya want me to do, sweep '
dialog: em!
text: As the bombardier, navigator, and Red jump onto the other
text: machine guns, Rafe looks for a way out. He dives down toward
text: the city. The Zeros follow.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES OVER TOKYO - DAY
text: Rafe takes the B-25 right down among the buildings, sometimes
text: even having to spin the wings to get through. The Zeros
dialog: can't keep up with this...
text: But Rafe can't keep it up long, either; they break out into
text: open ground rail yards, where there's no place for him to
dialog: hide...
text: The Zeros come in to chew him up...
text: But they take fire from another B-25 -- Danny's -- coming in
text: to save Rafe's plane. Rafe now uses the radio.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Danny, get the hell out of here!
text: But Danny stays, mixing it up with the Zeros; with both
text: B-25's together, their machine guns down one Zero and damage
dialog: another. But there are too many.
text: Rafe sees clouds coming in, and fog.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Danny, run for the clouds!
text: The bombers race toward the clouds, and make it; the Zeros
dialog: lose them.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES - BROKEN CLOUDS - DAY
text: Rafe and Danny keep broken contact through the clouds, and
dialog: settle in for the long run to China.
scene_heading: INT. RAFE'S COCKPIT - DAY
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: We burned a lot of fuel back there.
dialog: Flash them and ask about their supply.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S PLANE - DAY
text: Anthony reads the Morse code.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: "How's your fuel?"
text: Danny looks across to Rafe and shakes his head.
scene_heading: INT. ROOSEVELT'S RESIDENCE - HYDE PARK, NY - DAY
text: Roosevelt is at his desk when General Marshall enters.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MARSHALL
dialog: We have bombed Tokyo, Mr. President.
dialog: Radio Tokyo interrupted it's own
text: broadcast to make the announcement.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: Have the planes made it to China?
speaker_heading: GENERAL MARSHALL
dialog: There've been some complications, Sir.
dialog: The Chinese didn't receive our request
dialog: for homing beacons until is was too late
dialog: to get them set. And the planes had to
dialog: take off so early they may lack fuel to
dialog: make the mainland anyway.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: So those brave men are flying blind and
text: running out of fuel.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MARSHALL
dialog: The Chinese are sending out search
dialog: parties to try to find the crews before
dialog: the Jap patrols do, if any of the planes
dialog: make it.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: God help them.
scene_heading: EXT. SEA OF JAPAN - DUSK
text: They've climbed above the clouds; the fliers are exhausted.
text: The sun is beginning to set. Rafe stares at it...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - PEARL HARBOR - DUSK
text: The place is white again -- the white of bandages and casts.
text: Everyone is busy, and even the wounded are looking out for
text: each other; a man with his arms in an airplane splint holds a
text: spoon and feeds a badly burned buddy. Evelyn and her
text: overworked nurses are looking after the critical cases. But
text: as she covers the windows with blackout curtains, she stops
text: for just a moment to stare at the sun's last rays.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES OVER PACIFIC - NIGHT
text: Colonel Doolittle can make out mountains below them.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: We'll fly till we run out of fuel, then
dialog: bail out.
text: Just then his engines start to sputter.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Chute!
text: He puts the plane on auto-pilot and the men move to the
text: hatches. Three guys go out; it's just Doolittle and his
dialog: copilot left.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Nobody else is gonna make it either. If
dialog: I live through this, they're gonna put me
dialog: in Leavenworth Prison.
text: They jump.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S PLANE - NIGHT
text: Coma moves up to Danny.
speaker_heading: COMA
dialog: We're running out of fuel. And I can't
dialog: find the beacon.
text: Danny gestures across to Rafe that he hears nothing in his
text: radio phones. Rafe gestures the same thing back.
text: They look down and the entire ground is covered with clouds.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I don't know if we're over sea or land.
text: Drop flares and try to spot something.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES OVER PACIFIC - NIGHT
text: They drop flares; they disappear into the cloud cover and
dialog: tell them nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. SKIES - RAFE AND DANNY'S PLANE - NIGHT
text: Danny's engines are sputtering; his gunner pours the last
text: drops of gas into the tanks.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Flash Rafe. We're gonna bail.
text: Red sees Anthony signal.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: They've gotta jump.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Not unless we know he's over land!
text: Rafe yells at Danny, as if he could hear --
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: You are not bailing out into water!
speaker_heading: RAFE'S NAVIGATOR
dialog: Coastline below!
text: Through a break in the clouds they spot a rocky shoreline.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: We've got coast! Signal him to climb and
dialog: jump.
text: Red signals; Danny's plane signals back.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: They don't have fuel to make altitude.
dialog: He's gonna set it down in the water.
text: Rafe looks over at Danny, who is gesturing; he gives up on
text: the hand signals and grabs the flasher; Red reads the Morse
dialog: code...
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Y-0-U... G-O. You go on.
text: Rafe grabs the flasher and angrily flashes back two letters.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: N-O! We stay together! I'll go in
dialog: first.
text: Rafe turns his bomber and Danny follows, their planes arcing
text: down toward the rocky coast; it's hairy, the clouds masking
text: their view, as the altimeter winds down... At the last moment
text: they see rocks looming out of the surf.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. RAFE'S PLANE - NIGHT
text: He's shouting to his crew --
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Hang on tight! I'll put her in the
dialog: smooth water and we'll swim in!
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S PLANE - NIGHT
text: His engines are sputtering, catching, sputtering; he fights
dialog: to stay in control.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINA COAST - NIGHT
text: Rafe's plane settles down toward the water; he guns the
text: engine to level out, and the plane skims across the surface;
text: then the propellers catch and the plane stops like it hit a
text: wall, flipping over it's nose.
text: DANNY'S PLANE is struggling; when he tries to add throttle,
text: the engines sputter out. The plane drops, skips once on the
text: surface, then hits a shoreline rock belly first.
text: Danny and Anthony are ejected through the top of the
text: fuselage; Coma is hurled forward right through the glass nose
dialog: of the plane.
scene_heading: INT. RAFE'S PLANE - NIGHT
text: Rafe and Red come to in the plane inverted and sinking. They
text: react, unbuckling, grabbing for their crewmates as the plane
text: is quickly filling. The navigator and gunner are
text: unconscious; the bombardier is dead. Red struggles with the
text: hatch and can't make it budge.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: It won't open til the plane fills!
text: They struggle to breath as the water envelops them. But as
text: the water reaches the top, Rafe takes a last breath and dives
text: to the hatch; it comes open, and they swim up, dragging the
text: rest of the crew.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINA COAST - NIGHT
text: They break the surface, and struggle to shore with the
text: unconscious navigator and gunner.
text: Rafe's looking everywhere; he sees Danny's plane crashed
text: against the rock. He fights his way through the surf to
text: Danny's plane, Red following.
text: Rafe finds Danny face up in the water.
text: Red finds Anthony on the rock. He's face up, but as Red
text: lifts him he finds the back of Anthony's head is gone.
text: The rest of Danny's crew are floating in the surf, dead.
text: Rafe and Red pull Danny to shore.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Danny! DANNY!
text: Danny's eyes flutter open; he sees Rafe and mumbles --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I've made better landings.
text: Danny's hand gropes to his throat; Rafe finds a V shaped
text: shard of the fuselage hooked into his neck.
text: Rafe grabs it, trying to bend it open; the sharp metal cuts
text: his hands, but he keeps straining. It won't work, He pulls
text: his .45 from his jacket and tries to pry the metal. It works
text: a bit; he tosses the pistol aside and grabs the shard again,
text: and opens it.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: You hang on, Danny! You hang on! You're
dialog: gonna make it!
text: Rafe's head snaps forward, crunched with the butt of a rifle;
text: a Japanese patrol, four men, have arrived. They're angry,
text: scared, hyped. They knock Red down too, yelling and
text: brandishing their rifles at the fliers on the beach, living
dialog: and dead.
text: The Japanese officer is barking orders. They find the
text: Captain's insignia on Danny's jacket, and begin binding him
text: to a yoke, his wrists tied to the wood like a crucifixion, a
text: wire around his neck. They find the navigator unconscious,
text: but alive. The officer snaps a single word and a soldier
text: shoots the navigator.
text: The others wire Rafe's ankles together... Rafe is
text: emotionless.
text: RAFE'S CONSCIOUSNESS fades in and out. He hears Danny
text: choking, and his mind sees Danny as a boy those long years
text: ago, being carried by the neck across the field by his
dialog: father...
text: Then Rafe sees THE PRESENT: Danny being half-carried, half-
text: dragged by the neck by two Japanese. The officer is pulling
text: Red along, hands bound behind him. And Rafe starts moving,
text: being dragged on his back, pulled by his feet along the rocky
dialog: sand.
text: His hand slides by the pistol he tossed behind the rock.
text: The whole world slows down.
text: He clutches it, shoots one of the men towing Danny. And as
text: the man dragging Rafe turns around, Rafe shoots him in the
dialog: face.
text: The officer spins, raising his rifle; the soldier pulling
text: Red, shoves him onto his face in the sand and aims his rifle
text: too. The officer is pulling the trigger to kill Rafe when
text: Danny slams him down from behind.
text: The fourth soldier shoots Danny in the gut, then takes aim
text: for Rafe's heart -- and is shot through the chest from
dialog: behind.
text: The Japanese officers rises in surprise and is cut down by
text: scythes carried by the Chinese peasant soldiers who are just
dialog: arriving.
text: Rafe struggles to Danny, moving the Chinese aside. Danny
text: lies on his back, clutching his wound as if to hold onto his
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Danny...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I can't make it.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Yes you can.
text: But Danny is silent, his eyes drifting shut, and in that
text: moment Rafe thinks he is gone already. Then Danny's eyes
text: drift open, finding him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Take care of Evelyn.
text: The words almost kill Rafe, filling him with grief. From
dialog: somewhere he finds the strength to say --
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: I will. And your baby.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're gonna be a father.
text: Did Danny hear? His eyes are closed again. But his head
text: comes up; Rafe takes it, and Danny pulls him closer to
dialog: whisper -
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No. You are.
text: Rafe cradles Danny in his arms. Danny's eyes are open, but
text: Rafe sees no light there.
speaker_heading: RAFE
dialog: Danny... Land of the free... Land of the
dialog: free...
text: But Danny will never answer him again. Rafe hugs Danny
text: tight, and weeps.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY
text: The news of the raid hits Washington...and the rest of
dialog: America. If it isn't wild celebration; when people see the
text: headline: AIR RAID ON TOKYO, and DOOLITTLE DOES MUCH; their
text: faces change, as if finally told what they already knew --
dialog: that America would prevail.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: The Doolittle Raid was the pivotal moment
dialog: of America's war with Japan. Before it,
dialog: America knew nothing but defeat; after
dialog: it, nothing but victory.
dialog: (beat)
text: One crew of Doolittle's raiders made it to
dialog: Vladivostok, Russia, where they were
dialog: interred for much of the war. Thirteen
dialog: planes crash landed in China, where the
dialog: Chinese people helped the Americans
dialog: escape, and had their villages destroyed
dialog: and citizens executed by the Japanese
text: forces of occupation. Two crews were
text: captured by the Japanese and three fliers
dialog: were executed without trial, called “war
dialog: criminals" by the Japanese. Jimmy
dialog: Doolittle was promoted to General, and
dialog: given the medal of honor.
text: We see the ceremony at the White House, as Roosevelt presents
text: Doolittle with the metal.
scene_heading: EXT. TENNESSEE - DAY
text: Out by the crop dusting landing field is a memorial to Danny
text: Walker, with an American flag flying high above it. Standing
text: at the memorial are Rafe and Evelyn. Rafe holds a child in
text: his arms, a boy, named Danny.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
