dialog: 
scene_heading: PEGGY SUE GOT MARRIED
dialog: An Original Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Jerry Leichtling and Arlene Sarner
scene_heading: REHEARSAL DRAFT - These changes are August 14, 1985
text: Over BLACK, we HEAR the sounds of an old TAPE RECORDING.
text: Young VOICES are filtered amid a noticeable hum, hiss and
text: crackle. We HEAR giggling and then someone named Charlie
text: making vows of love to someone named Peggy Sue.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S).
dialog: Hi this is Charlie and...
dialog: Come on, say your name.
speaker_heading: PEGGY (O.S.)
dialog: Peggy Sue.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (O.S.)
dialog: And we're here on the couch...
speaker_heading: PEGGY (0.S.)
dialog: Don't say that...
scene_heading: EXT. PEGGY'S NEIGHBORHOOD — DAY
text: A split—level house on a slight grade of lawn. A red Honda
text: the driveway.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (O.S.)
dialog: We're here on the sofa bed...
speaker_heading: PEGGY (0.S.)
dialog: Charlie...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (O.S.)
dialog: ...to record how much we love each
text: other. Sitting beside me is the
dialog: cutest majorette in the history of
dialog: the world. And she would Like to
dialog: say something.
text: A real estate agent, a WOMAN, carries a "For Sale" sign to
text: the center of the lawn and begins driving it in with a
dialog: hammer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (O.S.)
dialog: Come on Peggy. Say what we
text: rehearsed.
speaker_heading: PEGGY (O.S.)
dialog: I can't. I'm too embarrassed.
scene_heading: INT. BODELL HOUSE
text: MOVING VIEW, revealing the empty house. We HEAR the RECORDING
speaker_heading: LOUDER.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (O.S.)
dialog: But you love me don't you?
speaker_heading: PEGGY (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah. Come on Charlie, turn it off.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (O.S.)
dialog: And nothing will ever change that.
text: Charlie starts giggling. We HEAR fumbling and tickling.
text: CLOSE VIEW INTO THE KITCHEN - First we see a woman's hand, on
text: the floor. It is partially covered with flour.
text: MOVING VIEW reveals PEGGY BODELL, in her early 40's, fainted
text: from heartbreak while baking a cake. Flour is scattered on
text: the floor. She recovers from her faint. Confused, she
text: steadies herself and brushes the flour from her dress.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE -- DAY
text: Peggy's son, SCOTT, 16, is playing an old reel to reel tape
text: recorder. There are stacks of boxes filled with personal
text: things and records. His sister, BETH, 23, is packing.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Boy, have they changed. Who gets
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I don't know, just put it back.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, gotta go. Here's a little
text: make—out music.
text: A record starts: "You Belong to Me" by the Duprees.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S APARTMENT
text: CHARLIE BODELL, early 40's, singing the same song. He can't
text: hit a high note, turns off the water and steps out of the
text: shower. JANET, his young, buxom girlfriend is in the bedroom.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Goddamnit, I just can't hit those
dialog: high notes anymore.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: You know Charlie, if you're serious
dialog: about this, I know a great vocal
dialog: coach.
text: Charlie's perplexed reaction.
scene_heading: EXT. BODELL HOUSE - DAY
text: "Crazy Charlie's Discount Appliances" truck has parked in
text: front of the house. WORKMEN are loading boxes of records,
text: tapes, etc. Charlie pulls up, waves to workmen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/HALLWAY
text: Peggy is loading the odd—shaped cakes into boxes. We note the
text: grandfather clock tolling nine.
scene_heading: VIEW IN HALLWAY
text: Beth meets her father at the door.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Hi Dad, can I have 100 dollars for
dialog: a brake job?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Did I hear 70 dollars? What do you
dialog: need 50 dollars for? How's your
dialog: Mom?
text: Peggy comes out of the kitchen. Charlie has stopped
text: conspicuously at the threshold. A workman comes from behind
dialog: Peggy.
speaker_heading: WORKER
text: Coming through.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Frank, watch the clock.
text: Peggy looks outside.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE — PEGGY'S POV
text: Janet is seated in Charlie's car.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: There's something pathetic parked
dialog: in front of my house.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Come off it, Peggy. And what do you
dialog: mean your house? This is my house.
dialog: I paid for it, I'm still paying for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm still waiting for the mortgage
dialog: check.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I mailed it to you on Wednesday.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Well, today's Saturday and it's
dialog: still not here.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Jesus, Peggy. Take it easy. I'm not
dialog: used to that stuff. You always did
dialog: the bills. Blame the damn post
dialog: office.
text: A workman approaches carrying an old mono record player:
text: black and white, a real fifties artifact. For a moment their
text: mutual resentment melts, as they look at each other.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: That stays.
text: The workman looks to Charlie for approval. Charlie nods. The
text: workman shrugs, and heads back to the basement.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You got a Tab?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I don't buy them anymore. You were
dialog: the only one who drank them.
scene_heading: INT. REC ROOM
text: Peggy leads the way. At the far end, she flips a light switch
text: that turns on a wall sculpture of lava lamps.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You don't want them? They're going
dialog: to make a big comeback any minute.
dialog: Mark my words, these lamps are
dialog: going to...
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I know. Put Scott through college.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'll think of a way to sell, them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: One day.
text: Peggy opens a box filled with records. She closes it and
text: moves to another. Charlie checks the contents of another box
text: on the other side of the room.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Are you taking Janet to the reunion
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm not going.
text: Scott calls from the top of the stairs.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Come on Dad!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Be right there. I'll go through the
dialog: rest of this stuff next weekend.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Bye Mom.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Bye sweetheart.
text: Peggy and Charlie look at each other as Scott leaves.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (with real, regret)
dialog: I never thought it would go
dialog: this far.
text: Charlie exits. Peggy looks around. She slaps the flap of a
text: box down, to close it, but it jumps back up.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. PEGGY'S DRIVEWAY
text: Peggy and Beth carry the cake boxes into the car A NEIGHBOR
text: trimming the hedge watches them lasciviously.
text: Peggy and Beth drive off.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Peggy's car rounds a corner into the business section of
dialog: town.
scene_heading: EXT. LOVIN' OVEN BAKE SHOP
text: Peggy pulls up to the front door of The Lovin' Oven, her bake
text: shop. Bags of bread and rolls lean against the door. Beth
text: jumps out and opens the door of the shop. Peggy stacks the
text: boxes in Beth's arms and opens the door for her.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: If the pastries aren't here by nine
dialog: thirty, call Monica and threaten
dialog: her life.
text: Peggy gets into the car, and blows a kiss to Beth.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'll be back by noon.
text: Peggy drives off as MONICA drives up. She exits her car and
text: begins to unpack cake boxes.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Hi Monica. You just missed Mom.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Sorry I'm late. My Bobo's back in
dialog: town.
scene_heading: EXT. KRISTIN'S COIFFURES HAIR SALON
scene_heading: INSERT:	Sign: KRISTIN'S COIFFURES
text: Peggy exits with a fifties flip. From a distance she looks
text: like a fifties teenager. She nervously looks at her
text: reflection. Maybe this was a mistake. Too late now.
scene_heading: INT. PEGGY'S CAR — DRIVING
text: Peggy is driving. On her car radio, we HEAR a local PHONE—IN
text: TALK SHOW.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Hi. I'm Dolores Dodge. We're taking
dialog: calls today on surrogate mothers.
dialog: Wombs for rent. I want to know how
dialog: you feel..
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh, Dolores.
text: Peggy switches stations until she finds the news.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER
text: Peggy stops for a red light. Her eye is caught by a Mercedes
text: stopped next to her. Behind the wheel is a striking woman of
text: her age, CAROL HEATH. They stare curiously for a beat, then:
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Carol!
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Peggy Sue!
text: They pull over to the side of the road.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF ROAD
text: Exiting the cars, they hug.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I haven't seen you in years. In all
dialog: that time, haven't you at least
dialog: tried another hair style?
text: Peggy tries to laugh off her embarrassment.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: 1 just did it for the reunion. I
dialog: thought it would be fun.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You're probably the only one who
dialog: could carry it off.
scene_heading: INT. LOVIN' OVEN — DAY
text: Peggy and Carol enter as Beth finishes up with a customer.
text: Peggy walks behind the counter as the customer exits.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Where were you? You said you'd be
dialog: back at twelve.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: This is my old friend Carol.. I
dialog: told you about her.
text: Beth and Carol exchange hellos.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: r was worried about you You didn't
dialog: even call. You're always on my case
dialog: if I don't call..
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: How do you like my hair?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: It looks great. Don't change the
dialog: subject. You know how busy
dialog: Saturdays are. And I can't do the
dialog: icing. I always mess up the roses.
dialog: You're not being very responsible.
text: Peggy takes over the work of decorating the large pennant
text: shaped cake in silver icing: 25th Reunion — Buchanan High.'
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Who's the mother around here?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Sometimes I wonder.
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION STUDIO
text: A television studio set made up of platforms covered with
text: black cloth. Placed around the platforms on different levels
text: are projection TVs, regular TVs, microwave ovens and other
text: expensive, futuristic appliances. Charlie sits at one of them
text: (or a table) as a CHINESE WAITER rushes in and puts a tray of
dialog: fortune cookies down.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Here Charlie, extra fortune
dialog: cookies. Good luck.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thanks.
text: Charlie grabs a cookie and puts it on the table in front of
text: him, smashing it with his fist. He picks up and reads the
dialog: fortune:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (manic)
dialog: Next week you'll be selling Sanyo
text: remote control VCRs for three
dialog: hundred and ninety—nine dollars? Oh
dialog: no!
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Crazy Charlie...
text: He grabs and smashes another fortune cookie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You'll give away Mitsubishi giant
dialog: screen TVs for twelve hundred and
dialog: ninety—five dollars! Oh no! I'll go
dialog: broke!
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Crazy Charlie...
text: He grabs and smashes another cookie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You won't be undersold on stereos,
dialog: videos, microwaves or blenders!
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Crazy Charlie, Crazy Charlie,
dialog: I'm not breaking cookies,
dialog: I'm smashing prices.
dialog: (rolling his eyes like
dialog: Fabian)
dialog: Crazy Charlie, he insane.
text: The waiter hits a big gong.
text: Beth laughs.
speaker_heading: PEGGY (0.S.)
dialog: Turn that off.
scene_heading: INT. PEGGY'S BEDROOM — NIGHT
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK from the TV into Peggy's bedroom. Beth gets
text: up from the bed and turns off the TV. Peggy enters from the
text: adjoining bathroom, wearing a robe, and bobby socks with
text: saddle shoes. She picks up a gold Locket from the dresser,
text: and puts it on.
speaker_heading: BETS
dialog: When are you going to stop being so
dialog: mad at Dad? How do you think that
dialog: makes me feel?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I have a lot of unresolved feelings
dialog: about him. I don't trust him.
dialog: Besides, I hate those commercials.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I'm sorry I asked. We don't have
dialog: time for another heart—to— heart.
dialog: Here, try on the dress.
text: Peggy tries on the fifties dress lying on the bed.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: But I want you and Scott to
dialog: understand.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you think he loves Janet? Maybe
dialog: he's smashed too many fortune
dialog: cookies.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Come on Mom. Give him a break. He's
dialog: missing the reunion because of you.
dialog: You know he wants to go.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Then we'd both have a miserable
dialog: time. What do you think?
text: She looks exactly like a sixties teenager.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Hey, you're a hip chick. You look
dialog: like you stepped right out of Life
dialog: magazine. Any time you want to
dialog: borrow it again, just ask.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Borrow?! This was my dress.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Maybe it's a mistake. What if I'm
dialog: the only one? I don't even want to
dialog: go. Everybody's just going to
dialog: say...
dialog: (imitating commercial)
dialog: Hi.. Where's Crazy Charlie?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Mom, lots of people are separated
dialog: and divorced.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Not from the guy with the
dialog: lowest prices in town.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: Couples are walking up the stairs into the school. Peggy and
text: Beth are at the bottom of the stairs, staring at the banner
text: hung across the entrance.. It reads: WELCOME CLASS OF '60.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I feel ridiculous. Maybe I should
dialog: go home and change.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Why are you so nervous? What is the
dialog: matter with you today?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I don't know. Reunions do funny
dialog: things to people.
text: At that moment they're joined by MADDY.(Madeline) and ARTHUR
text: NAGLE, coming up behind them. A typical polyester couple.
text: Hellos all around and hugs. Arthur puts his arms around Beth
text: and Peggy and leads them up the stairs.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: You two look like that soap
dialog: commercial. Which one's the
dialog: daughter and which one's the
dialog: mother?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You took this seriously. You're a
text: real blast from the past.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It was Beth's idea.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: I wish I had the nerve. And the
dialog: figure.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You always were a crazy little gal,
dialog: Peg.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Arthur, please don't call me Peg.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY — NIGHT
text: A large table in the lobby holds plastic nametags. A sign
text: reads: LADIES IF YOU CAN'T FIND TOUR TAG, LOOK UNDER YOUR
text: MAIDEN NAME. Several people are bending over the table
text: looking for their tags. A HOSTESS is sitting behind the
text: table. Peggy, Beth, Maddy and Arthur enter. Hellos all
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
text: Beth's boyfriend is playing in the
dialog: band.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: It must run in the family.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: What does?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You and your mother both seem to
dialog: fall for musicians.
text: Maddy and Arthur laugh. Peggy is not amused. The hostess
text: hands them their name tags and turns to welcome new arrivals.
text: As they proceed down the hallway, Peggy SEES a distinguished
text: man enter, RICHARD NORVIK. With him is his pregnant wife
text: SHARON. Richard smiles at Peggy. She can't place him. Peggy
text: turns back to her group and continues down the hall. The
text: fifties MUSIC GETS LOUDER AND LOUDER.
scene_heading: INT. GYM
text: The gym is packed with people dancing, chatting, greeting
text: lost friends. A bar is set up at one end. On the walls are
text: black and white blow—ups of the 1960 yearbook. On a table is
text: a buffet and Peggy' s cake. The BAND is PLAYING and SINGING
text: old rock and roll songs. Couples slow dance, jive and stroll.
text: Peggy, Beth, Maddy and Arthur enter. Beth leaves the group.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Hey, there's Terry and Leon.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Peggy, would you find a table?
dialog: We'll see you in a little while.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Okay.
text: They walk away into the crowd, leaving Peggy alone.
scene_heading: INT. GYM NEAR WALL
text: CL0SE VIEW — A photo of the majorettes. Peggy is in the
text: middle, twirling her baton.
text: Her reverie is interrupted by:
speaker_heading: RICHARD (0.S.)
dialog: Are you Peggy Sue Kelcher?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I was once. Richard!? Richard
dialog: Norvik? I didn't recognize you.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You look exactly the same.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I just did it for tonight. I don't
dialog: normally dress like this.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: It's adorable.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry.. Peggy Sue Kelcher,
dialog: my wife Sharon.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Hello. Nice to meet you. Please
dialog: call me Peggy. I'm Peggy Bodell
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Where's Charlie? I was in town
dialog: about a year ago and caught one of
dialog: his commercials. Really made me
dialog: laugh.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: He's not here. We're getting
dialog: divorced.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Gee. I'm sorry to hear that.
text: NEW VIEW — A large, beefy HAND is THRUST INTO FRAME.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Mr. Norvik.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK TO INCLUDE DOUG SNELL, a paunchy,
text: overbearing man, shaking Richard's hand.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Or, uhh, Richard? David Snell,
dialog: Merrill Lynch. I read about the
dialog: Cordex deal in Business Week.
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Thank you, Doug.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Hi Peggy. How are you? How's
dialog: Char1ie?
scene_heading: INT. GYM
text: VIEWS ON Carol and Walter. They play a standoffish game, each
text: noticing the other, but pretending not to.
text: We HEAR and SEE bits of conversations:
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: (gleeful)
dialog: I can't believe how she let herself
dialog: go. She was so beautiful in high
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Everyone's got a gold Rolex. I had
dialog: this one specially made in
dialog: platinum.
text: Richard is standing with three men. They hang on his every
text: word. Beside them, a very DRUNK MAN overhears:
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: ...fifth generation core capacities
dialog: are going to cause another
dialog: shake—out in the smaller companies.
speaker_heading: DRUNK MAN
dialog: (to Richard)
dialog: Your damn computers put me out of
dialog: business. You're a billionaire, and
dialog: I'm a goddamn failure.
text: Another man gently restrains the drunk and leads him away.
text: Richard is shaken.
speaker_heading: NEW VIEW
dialog: Carol and Peggy.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Welcome to the singles scene.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I don't know how you do it. I've
dialog: never even dated anybody but
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You just have to remember... men
dialog: are like houses and trade
dialog: upwards... I thought you had a
dialog: pretty good marriage.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: We did for a long time. We just got
dialog: married too young, and ended up
dialog: blaming each other for missing out
dialog: on things.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: So he started having affairs, and
dialog: you got depressed.
text: Peggy nods.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D.)
dialog: You should have left here years
dialog: ago, like I did.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It's not the place. I don't buy
dialog: that.
dialog: (melodramatic)
text: Trapped in the same town forever.
dialog: The price she would pay for her
dialog: teenage lust.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: After you got knocked up, my mother
dialog: didn't want me to talk to you. She
dialog: thought it was contagious.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh, it's not so bad. I have two
dialog: wonderful kids, my own business.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Still, knowing what I know now, if
dialog: I had the chance to do it all over
dialog: again, I'd sure do things a lot
dialog: differently.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Wouldn't we all.
scene_heading: INT. GYM OFFICE (ADJACENT TO GYM)
text: DOLORES DODGE is about to interview Maddy and Arthur; she
text: turns on the tape machine and holds up the microphone.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Madeline Hutton and Arthur Nagle
dialog: were high school sweethearts.
dialog: Married right after graduation,
dialog: they're still together. In this day
dialog: and age, that's remarkable...
dialog: Maddy, Arthur, how does it feel to
dialog: have missed the sexual revolution?
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: (incensed)
dialog: What kind of question is that? It
dialog: has nothing to do with the reunion.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (thoughtfully — into mike)
dialog: I'm glad you asked, Dolores. Four
dialog: years ago Maddy and I found
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Spiritual renewal.. That's what
text: reunions are all about. Familiar
text: faces, forgotten memories, ancient
dialog: dance steps and music...the great
dialog: time machine.
scene_heading: INT. GYM
text: CAMERA PANS the gym and FINDS:
text: Carol dancing with WALTER GETZ, slim, handsome, with a big
text: toothy grin. Carol's old high school boyfriend, he's now a
text: dentist and a fabulous dancer. They make a great team.
text: Couples dancing around them react appreciatively.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I never could keep up with you.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (with a quick tap step)
dialog: Just call me Walter the dancing
dialog: dentist. Taps and caps. My
dialog: specialty.
scene_heading: INT. GYM — ANOTHER AREA
scene_heading: PEGGY'S TABLE.
text: Peggy sits with Richard, Sharon, and two other couples, TERRY
text: and LISA and LEON and SANDY.
text: A hand gently touches Peggy on the shoulder. Peggy turns
text: around and sees ROSALIE TESTA, a small woman with close
text: cropped hair. She's in a wheelchair. She wears a plastic
text: badge: REUNION COMMITTEE.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: I remember that dress.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Rosalie Testa!
text: 'HELLOS' all, around. Peggy helps Rosalie position her
text: wheelchair at the table.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: I remember when you got that
dialog: locket, too. You were so excited
dialog: I think you showed it to the whole
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You have an incredible memory.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: It's beautiful. Does it open?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yes. These are my children. But
dialog: they're not babies anymore.
scene_heading: INSERT - LOCKET
text: Inside are photos of Beth and Scott as babies.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I think you got married when you
dialog: were three.
scene_heading: INT. GYM OFFICE
text: Dolores interviewing Walter and Carol.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Carol Pritchard Heath and Walter
dialog: Getz were high school steadies who
dialog: went their separate ways. After
dialog: twenty years and four divorces
text: between them, they meet again —
dialog: Walter a successful dentist, Carol
dialog: a mature career woman. Carol, why
dialog: did you really come back for this
dialog: reunion?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Curiosity mostly. I heard you
dialog: finally found a man of your own.
dialog: Too bad he's married.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (cracking up)
dialog: Whoa! Cat fight! Purse war!
scene_heading: INT. GYM — PEGGY'S TABLE
speaker_heading: THEIR POV:
text: Dolores walks resolutely towards their table.
text: Maddy and. Arthur leave the table as Dolores approaches,
text: putting her tape machine on the table. She ignores everyone,
text: focusing on Richard.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Hello everyone. Richard Norvik? I'm
text: Dolores Dodge with KARP Radio.
dialog: Could I have a minute of your time?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Sure. I remember you.
scene_heading: INT. GYM — SERIES OF SHOTS
text: The BAND is PLAYING and SINGING the SONG "GOOD OLD ROCK AND
text: ROLL." Peggy and Sharon walk through the gym looking at the
text: photo blowups on the wall. Peggy is stopped and hugged by
text: several people. Maddy and Arthur are dancing. Despite the
text: frantic beat, they are slow dancing. Seth is hanging around
text: the stage, bringing a drink to the guitar player. Walter is
text: dancing with Rosalie in her wheelchair.
scene_heading: OVERWEIGHT, BEARDED MAN
dialog: Turns out I love business. Every
dialog: morning I wake up, thank God I'm
dialog: alive, and say Who am I gonna screw
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Let's play "Rate the Moment". I
dialog: give tonight an eighty—seven.
dialog: Better than sex, not as good as
text: racquetball.
scene_heading: INT. GYM OFFICE
text: Dolores has left. Walter lays out lines of cocaine on the
text: back of the clipboard, as Carol watches.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: The best thing about being a
dialog: dentist. Pure pharmaceutical grade.
dialog: A couple of lines of this, I can
dialog: drill my own teeth...
text: (looks at her for a
dialog: moment)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Hi.
scene_heading: INT. GYM — INTERCUT - SERIES OF SHOTS
speaker_heading: SERIOUS MAN
dialog: (to his wife)
dialog: Joe would have enjoyed this. God, I
dialog: still miss him.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: (to Carol)
dialog: Peggy was a mess right after they
dialog: separated, but I think she's coming
dialog: out of it... It seems to be pretty
dialog: friendly now..
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Sometimes it's easier when you hate
dialog: them.
scene_heading: GREASY DRUNK CREEP
dialog: I can't remember. Did I make it
dialog: with you in high school?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Doesn't it feel like it was
dialog: yesterday?
speaker_heading: TERRY
text: Youth is like an amputated leg.
dialog: Long after it's gone, you still
dialog: feel it.
speaker_heading: SAME BEARDED MAN
dialog: My wife's a cow, my son has shit
dialog: for brains, and my daughter's in
dialog: India with Mother Teresa.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: My husband's a pig. But my son's in
dialog: social work and my daughter, God
dialog: bless her, is in India with Mother
dialog: Teresa.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: For the fitness generation, we've
dialog: sure got a lot of porkers.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: I don't remember anything about the
dialog: seventies.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Breaking up was horrible. I said we
dialog: had a very special attachment, he
dialog: said, so does a Hoover.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I don't know why I came back. I
dialog: hated high school.
text: The group around him all answer "So did I" or "Me too."
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: I enjoyed it.
scene_heading: INT. GYM NEAR WALL
text: Peggy (loose, holding a drink) and Sharon stand in front of a
text: PHOTO of the 1960 Cross Country Team.
text: VIEW ON PHOTO - off to one side stands MICHAEL FITZSIMMONS.
text: His hair is longer, his gaze intense and non—smiling.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Who's the one with the hair?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Michael Fitzsimmons. I had such a
text: crush on him.
text: Carol and Maddy join them, still panting from dancing.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Hi, Peggy. God, that Walter Getz	can
text: still dance.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Your first boyfriend. What do
dialog: you think? Any sparks left?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Who knows. Remember...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Whatever Walter wants...
scene_heading: CAROL, PEGGY AND MADDY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Walter Getz.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Sharon Norvik this is Carol Heath,
dialog: and Maddy Nagle. My oldest and
dialog: dearest friends. Sharon's married
dialog: to Richard.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Lucky lady. Hi.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: (looking at the photo)
dialog: Michael Fitzsimmons! Is he here?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No. I asked Rosalie. She couldn't
dialog: track him down.
speaker_heading: CAROL.
dialog: Too bad.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: He must have been quite a guy.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: He was the only one in high school
dialog: I wished I'd gone to bed with.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: The only one?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Well, besides Charlie, of course.
text: We HOLD on the photo of Michael and...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. GYM — LATER
text: The BAND is PLAYING AND SINGING the SONG, "JUST BECAUSE."
text: Couples axe slow dancing. Dolores is still interviewing
text: Richard. Peggy, Sharon and Carol walk back to their table.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Peggy, would you please rescue
dialog: Richard? Ask him to dance.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Are we through Dolores? Good.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Well...
text: Richard stands and helps Sharon to a chair.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (to Sharon)
dialog: You'll be okay?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Yes. You go ahead.
text: Peggy and Richard head onto the crowded floor, and begin to
dialog: dance.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: The only time people like Dolores
dialog: used to pay any attention to me was
dialog: to laugh at me or insult me. That
dialog: guy, Doug Snell, who shook my hand
dialog: when we walked in, he used to call
dialog: me a four—eyed worm.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Well, you showed them. You're rich
dialog: and famous and successful. And you
dialog: have a beautiful wife.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You were always friendly to me. I
dialog: appreciated that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, this used to be a fantasy
dialog: of mine.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What was?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Dancing with you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You're a sweet man, Richard.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I guess part of us never really
text: leaves high school.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You know, I never told anybody
dialog: this, but I always had a feeling
dialog: that when you die, before you go to
dialog: heaven, you get a chance to fly
dialog: around high school for a while.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY as Peggy and Richard become part of
text: the sea of dancers, all Lost in nostalgic reverie.
speaker_heading: BY DOOR
text: Charlie enters and stands by the door. He's tentative,
text: looking around for his friends. Almost immediately he is
text: joined by Arthur, Walter, Terry and Leon. They shake hands,
text: glad to see each other.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Here comes the life of the party.
speaker_heading: LEON.
dialog: I knew you couldn't stay away.
text: Everyone's happy to see Charlie. His eyes meet Peggy's he
text: gives her a tentative, sheepish wave. Terry looks at the
dialog: band.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You know, they could've at least
dialog: asked us to sing. We'd refuse, of
dialog: course, but they could've asked us.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PEGGY
text: Looking at Charlie.
speaker_heading: BY STAGE
text: Arthur walks onstage, placing a hatbox on the amplifier. He's
text: a Chamber—of—Commerce type.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: Hello. Can I have your attention,
dialog: please.
text: The BUZZ in the room DIMS, Peggy and Richard head back to
dialog: their table.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I know it's getting kind of late,
dialog: and some of you have a long drive
dialog: home, so the reunion committee
dialog: decided it was time for the moment
dialog: you've all been waiting for. You
dialog: don't know what you've been waiting
dialog: for because we didn't tell you, but
dialog: the committee has selected a King
dialog: and Queen. Now don't worry, I took
dialog: care of it so the band's gonna keep
text: playing for at least another hour,
dialog: and my old pal Judge Crystal said
dialog: that the bar can stay open as long
dialog: as we want.
text: Everyone applauds.
text: VIEW ON PEGGY AND CHARLIE
text: At opposite ends of the reunion, but aware of each other.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D.)
dialog: And while you're at it, let's have
dialog: a nice big hand for the Little Lady
dialog: that did such a great job
dialog: supervising all the decorations,
dialog: Rosalie Testa.
text: More applause. VIEW on Rosalie in her wheelchair.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Now back to business. The members
dialog: of the committee have given this a
dialog: lot of thought and decided on the
dialog: two people who best represent the
dialog: spirit of Buchanan High's Class of
dialog: '60. The king is someone who, in
dialog: more ways than one, has come a
dialog: long, long way since he left here.
scene_heading: ANGLE - PEGGY'S TABLE
text: They all look to Richard, knowing he's the obvious choice.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: We're proud to welcome him back,
dialog: Richard Norvik! Come on up here,
dialog: King Richard!
text: The band PLAYS a FANFARE and DRUM ROLL. Richard gets up, and
text: walks to the stage as everyone APPLAUDS. The band PLAYS a
dialog: chorus of "Get a Job."
scene_heading: VIEW ON WALTER
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (kidding)
dialog: I demand a recount.
dialog: (laughs)
scene_heading: VIEW ON STAGE
text: Arthur places the gold cardboard crown on Richard's head as
text: they shake hands.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Sharon and I thank you all for
dialog: making us feel so welcome. It's
dialog: good to be back.
text: MORE APPLAUSE as Richard steps back.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Every king deserves a queen. Now,
dialog: we had a Lot at worthwhile
dialog: candidates. And I don't want any of
dialog: you ladies to feel left out, 'cause
dialog: you're all beautiful. But when we
dialog: sent out the invitations, we didn't
dialog: mention anything about this being a
dialog: costume party.
text: Peggy's embarrassed reaction, realizing everyone's looking at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Maybe we should have, 'cause just
text: looking at her brings it all back
dialog: for us. Ladies and gentlemen, I
dialog: give you our queen, Peggy Sue
dialog: Kelcher Bodell. Come on up here,
dialog: Peggy Sue.
text: The band begins the song PEGGY SUE. Peggy looks pained. She
text: doesn't move.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: They're waiting. Come on.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (close to tears)
dialog: I can't. It's all too much.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Go on. You can do it.
text: Charlie and Beth stand together: Beth is worried about Peggy.
text: CAMERA TRACKS Peggy as she haltingly makes her way to the
text: stage. As she does, she notices another blow-up on the wall:
text: Peggy and Charlie, as King and Queen of the 1960 prom. Arthur
text: gives the crown to Richard who places it on Peggy's head. He
text: kisses her cheek and stands back, beaming.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (into mike, overwhelmed)
dialog: Thank you.. Thank you very much.
text: The lights dim, leaving Peggy in the spotlight. Continued
text: APPLAUSE as the singer steps up to his mike and begins to
text: SING the song PEGGY SUE.
text: PEGGY ON STAGE — INTERCUT WITH HER POV
text: People starting to clap and sing along. Carol and Carol's
text: POV: a blow—up on the wall of Carol in the senior play.
text: Walter and. Walter's POV: a photo of Walter on the basketball
text: team. People leaving their tables, surging towards the stage,
text: drawn by the music. Maddy and Maddy's POV: a photo of Maddy
text: and friends mugging for the camera in the cafeteria. Charlie
text: talking to Carol.
text: Peggy begins to cry softly. The images begin to melt
text: together, pulsing to the music. Peggy is the focus of
text: everyone's nostalgia. A wave of time washes over them.
text: She remains onstage, looking past the crowd to the photo of
text: her and Charlie.
text: Peggy onstage, eyes closed, swaying to the music. Walter and
text: Carol join hands, walking towards the stage. Rosalie in her
text: wheelchair, doing the hand jive, crying.
text: The entire crowd swaying to the music, looking to Peggy,
text: repeating the chorus over and over.
text: Beth notices her mother's state of emotion. Peggy collapses
text: onstage. We hear SHOUTS and SCREAMS. Richard, Arthur and
text: several others crowd over Peggy. Beth rushes to the stage,
text: reaching out to her mother. Charlie too.
scene_heading: MUSIC STOPS.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - ECU A THIN TUBE FILLED WITH BLOOD INSERTED
scene_heading: INTO PEGGY'S ARM - DAY
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to INCLUDE Peggy lying on a cot. She wears
text: the same dress she had on at the reunion. She's terrified.
text: We NEAR a smattering of background noises: NAMES are CALLED,
text: NURSES helping, etc. Looking up she sees: The IV.
text: The NURSE taking the IV out of her arm, and placing a vial of
text: blood on a tray with several others. Peggy sits up slowly,
text: dazed and frightened. She looks at the nurse.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Would you like your Twinkie now?
text: Peggy takes the Twinkie, staring at it blankly. Looking
text: around she SEES students giving blood to the Red Cross.
text: Several have tubes in their arms. Nurses attend to them.
text: Carol sits up drinking a cup of juice, waving weakly at
text: Peggy. Maddy, now a brunette, slowly rolls down her sleeve.
text: Arthur, Dolores, Walter and several others from the reunion.
text: Everyone is younger but instantly recognizable..
text: Charlie walks over to Peggy. He grins at her, revealing wax
text: vampire fangs in his mouth, hair Brylcreemed to death.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I vant to suck your blood. I also
dialog: vant to suck your Twinkie.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Charlie! Am I dead?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No. You are the undead. You will
dialog: live forever if you give me your
dialog: Twinkie.
dialog: (normal voice)
dialog: Come on, let's have it. You hate
dialog: them anyway.
text: Mechanically, Peggy hands over the Twinkie. Charlie bends
text: over to nuzzle her neck. The nurse's hand COMES INTO FRAME
text: and grabs Charlie by the scruff of the neck, pulling him up.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Young man, stop that.
text: The SCHOOL BELL RINGS.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey! I just made a deposit in your
dialog: blood bank. Now I want to make a
dialog: withdrawal.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I think it's time for your next
dialog: class -
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm changing banks!
text: Charlie walks away towards Walter and Arthur. Peggy gazes
text: after him, his body blocking her view of a portion of a
text: banner hung on the wall. It reads: "Support the Buchanan High
text: Blood Drive..." As Charlie exits, the final words come into
dialog: view:
text: "Spring 1960." Peggy gasps. She begins to tremble.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Lie back down and take a deep
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What's going on? Where am I?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You passed out for a moment.
dialog: Nothing to worry about.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: How did I get here?
text: Maddy and Carol approach, carrying their books.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Why don't you let your friends help
dialog: you?
dialog: (to Maddy and Carol)
dialog: Take her into the washroom and
text: splash some cold water on her face.
dialog: That should perk her up.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Yes, ma' am.
text: They help Peggy up and lead her across the gym.
scene_heading: INT. GIRLS' WASHROOM — ADJACENT TO GYM
text: The girls enter. Carol immediately lights up a cigarette.
text: Peggy crosses to the mirror.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (to Peggy)
dialog: Wanna smoke?
dialog: That's the worst thing for her.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No thanks. I gave them up years
dialog: ago.
text: Maddy and Carol react as Peggy takes a closer look at herself
text: and the girls' reflections. She places a hand to her throat,
text: noticing the locket is gone.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Were taking you back to the nurse.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Maddy, what did you do to your
dialog: hair?
text: Maddy looks in the mirror.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - NURSE'S OFFICE
text: Maddy and Carol are waiting. Peggy exits the office,
text: clutching a note which she hands blankly to Maddy. They walk
text: towards the exit, Peggy glued to the wall for support.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: We're going to take you home.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: That's okay. I'm sure I'll remember
dialog: the way.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL — SIDE DOOR
text: The girls walk outside. Peggy looks around at the old cars i~
text: the parking lot. The most noticeable — a blue Chevrolet
text: Impala convertible. Peggy stares at it for a beat, shivering
text: with recognition, as she follows Carol and Maddy to a 1955
text: Ford. Maddy helps Peggy into the back seat.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET — DRIVING
text: Carol drives and chats with Maddy, while in the back seat
text: Peggy looks out at the world as it she were on a ride at
text: Disneyland. She says things like "That's not here anymore".
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - KELCHER HOUSE
text: The car pulls up to the curb. Peggy gets out of the car.
text: Maddy hands her the note and her books; she twirls her finger
text: next to her head.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I'll call you Later.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yes. Let's stay in touch.
text: Peggy walks up to the door, a sleepwalker in suspended
text: animation. She waits a beat and knocks softly.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Peggy.
dialog: (shuddering)
dialog: Peggy Sue.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0.5.)
dialog: Come on in. It's open.
text: Peggy slowly opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY — KELCHER HOUSE
text: Peggy enters and looks down the hallway into the kitchen.
text: EVELYN KELCHER is a lovely woman in her mid—forties. She
text: turns around from the sink and approaches Peggy.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (helplessly)
dialog: Mom!
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: The nurse called and said you'd be
text: coming home.
text: Peggy stares blankly at her for a beat, then holds up the
text: note, as she moves towards her mother.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I have a note.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: How do you feel?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm excused.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Why don't you go lie down for a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Mom!
text: Peggy embraces her mother, holding on for dear life, inhaling
text: her scent.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Chanel Number Five. That always
dialog: reminds me of home.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Of course, dear. You're home now.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm home now.
scene_heading: INT. PEGGY'S ROOM
text: Peggy enters warily, looking around, a fifties museum of
text: teenage artifacts. She walks around the room gently touching
text: her old belongings including the record player from opening
text: scene. She looks in the mirror to make sure she's still
text: there. Suddenly, she turns around.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Okay, I'm alone now. Is anyone
dialog: here?
text: She opens the closet door expectantly, then closes it shaking
text: her head.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No. This is crazy. Is somebody
dialog: going to tell me what's going on?
dialog: Why me? What happened? You don't
dialog: have to show up. I don't have to
dialog: see you. Just send me a sign.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thanks a lot. 1 guess I'm on my
dialog: own.
text: NANCY, Peggy's twelve—year—old sister, peeks in the room.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Nancy! Come here.
text: Nancy tentatively approaches. Peggy hugs her.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm just happy to see you.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Come on! Mom said you were sick.
dialog: You're never happy to see me.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm sorry about that. I really want
dialog: us to be closer. I have enough
dialog: unresolved relationships in my...
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Teenagers are weird. And you're the
dialog: weirdest.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Let's do something together.. Do
dialog: you want to play Monopoly? Or
dialog: Careers... Clue... Snakes and
dialog: Ladders?
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Okay, what do you want? What dumb
dialog: favor do you want me to do?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: On a small black and white TV, Dick Clark introduces a
text: spotlight dance. Peggy and Nancy are sitting on the sofa,
text: watching. Nancy is eating small candies, like M&amp;M's.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It's unbelievable. The man never
dialog: ages.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Look at Kenny Rossi. Isn't he
dialog: dreamy? I wish he'd break up with
dialog: Arlene. She thinks she's so great.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Don't eat the red ones.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Why not? They're my favorite.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: They're bad for you. They
dialog: cause...red lips. (red dye *2)
text: Nancy react, as Peggy stands. CAMERA TRACKS HER to the den.
speaker_heading: DEN
text: Peggy opens the liquor cabinet and takes out a bottle of
text: Scotch and a glass, noticing the family photos on the wall..
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Can't hurt. I'm already dead.
text: She belts down several drinks.
speaker_heading: NANCY (Q.S.)
dialog: Peggy Sue! Hurry up. Fabian!
text: Peggy steadies herself as CAMERA TRACKS her back into the
dialog: living room.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Peggy collapses on the naugahyde recliner. Unexpectedly, it
text: leans back, shooting Peggy's legs up.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: (from the kitchen)
dialog: I put your laundry on your beds.
dialog: Don't forget to put it away.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: What's for dinner?
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Meatloaf.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Yeech, not again.
text: Peggy leans forward in the recliner eating the candies.
text: Bemused, she looks at Nancy watching TV and into the kitchen
text: where her mother is slapping together meatloaf.
scene_heading: ANGLE - HALLWAY - THE FRONT DOOR OPENS
text: JACK KELCHER Peggy's father, enters the hallway.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Girls? Evelyn? Who left this thing
dialog: outside?
text: He turns and heads back outside.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: What is it?
text: Mrs. Kelcher and Nancy follow him outside. Peggy staggers to
text: the front door and leans against the door jamb looking out at
dialog: the family.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY
speaker_heading: PEGGY'S POV:
text: The family admires a new red and white Edsel.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: MRS KELCHER
dialog: (disturbed)
dialog: Oh, Jack.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Like wow! Wait till I tell Diane.
dialog: She's always bragging about her
text: father's Cadillac.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Peggy Sue, what do you think?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh, Daddy. You were always
dialog: doing things like that.
dialog: (cracking up)
dialog: That's funny! That's really funny.
text: She staggers over to the car and falls against it laughing.
text: Mr. Kelcher crosses to her and catches a whiff of her breath.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Young lady, you're drunk!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Just a little. I've had a tough
dialog: day.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: I don't see the humor in this. Go
dialog: to your room immediately. You're
dialog: grounded.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (tipsy)
dialog: Grounded? Ha! The story of my life.
dialog: I don't wanna go to my room. I
dialog: wanna import Japanese cars. I wanna
dialog: go to Liverpool and discover the
dialog: Beatles.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Jack, take it easy. She gave blood
dialog: at school today. Maybe she's just a
text: little light—headed.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: This is not giving blood. This is
dialog: drunk.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Dad, I never knew you had a sense
dialog: of humor.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
text: Evelyn, put her to bed.
scene_heading: INT. PEGGY'S BEDROOM
text: Peggy lies in bed, her mother tucking her in.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: My little baby. Don't try to grow
text: up so fast.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh Mom, I forgot you were ever so
dialog: young.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PEGGY
text: She hears her mother walk down the stairs.
speaker_heading: MRS. KELCHER (O.S.)
dialog: A new car. We can't afford a new
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: MR. KELCHER (O.S.)
dialog: Don't worry, it's just a seasonal
text: slump.
speaker_heading: MRS. KELCHER (O.S.)
dialog: You have four seasons, you have
text: four slumps.
scene_heading: INT. PEGGY'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Peggy emerges from the bathroom wearing a towel.
speaker_heading: VIEW FROM BACK
text: At a full length mirror she drops the towel and happily
text: appraises her eighteen year old body.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Let's get physical!... Let's get
dialog: metaphysical!
text: Nancy comes in dressed for school.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Good morning.
text: Nancy goes to Peggy's closet.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Can I borrow this sweater?
speaker_heading: PEGGY~
dialog: Yeah, but take good care of it.	I'm
dialog: saving it for my daughter.. She
dialog: loves this stuff.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Mr. Kelcher and Nancy sit at the table eating breakfast. Mrs.
text: Kelcher stands at the sink scraping toast. Peggy bounces her
text: hair in her adult, natural look. "GOOD MORNINGS" all around.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: What happened to your hair? You
dialog: have such a pretty face. Why are
dialog: you always trying to cover it up?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh. I forgot.
text: Mrs. Kelcher takes an elastic band from around the faucet and
text: hands it to Peggy as she sits at the table. Peggy makes a
dialog: ponytail.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: You're looking pretty chipper this
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm still here, aren't I?
dialog: I may as well enjoy myself.
dialog: I'm going to go to school
dialog: today.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Dad, I want to apologize for
dialog: yesterday. The car is a classic.
dialog: Use it in the best of health.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Thank you.. I accept your
dialog: apology with the hope that what
dialog: went on yesterday will never
dialog: happen again.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: That would be impossible.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: You're so young, this is not the
dialog: time to start acquiring bad habits.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Mom, is there any coffee left?
text: Mrs. Kelcher begins to pour the coffee, then pulls back,
text: spilling some on Mr. Kelcher.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: When did you start drinking coffee?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh.	Ah...recently. All the kids
dialog: drink it.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: If all the kids jumped off a
dialog: bridge, would you do that too?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I think I'm way ahead of them.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Pass the toast, please.
text: Peggy passes Nancy the toast.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: And the butter.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You know, you two are wonderful
dialog: parents. I'm really going to try to
dialog: behave myself.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Well, at least you stopped calling
dialog: me Daddy—O.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (correcting him)
speaker_heading: DADDY—o.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Mom, sit down for a minute. This is
dialog: so nice, all of us being together
dialog: again like this.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Can I tell Diane that Peggy Sue got
dialog: drunk or is that a deep family
dialog: secret?
dialog: (silence)
dialog: Well?
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: How does Diane like her braces?
speaker_heading: R31.NCY
dialog: She hates them. Nobody likes
dialog: braces. Thy just call you junkyard
dialog: face and Miss Metal Mouth. I gotta
dialog: go.
text: Nancy jumps up, grabbing her lunch on the counter, as she
text: exits. "GOOD—BYES' all around. We HEAR a HORN HONKING outside
text: —— a five—note musical phrase —— BE—BOP—A—LU—BOP.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh yeah. Charlie. How am I going to
dialog: handle him?
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: What's the matter? Did you two
dialog: have a fight?.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Sort of.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: What about?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: The house payments.
scene_heading: EXT. KELCHER HOUSE
text: Peggy exits the house wincing at the sight of Charlie's car,
text: the blue Impala she'd seen the day before. Charlie sits, one
text: arm on the wheel, the other over the back of the seat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How do you feel?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Pretty strange.
text: Peggy hesitates, unsure how to handle her accumulated
text: ambivalence towards Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Come on. Get in. I can take care of
dialog: that.
text: Peggy warily gets in. Charlie leans over to kiss her, but she
text: pushes him away. No dice.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Not now, Charlie. I've got a
dialog: headache. Get used to the word.
dialog: Roll it around your tongue for a
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, I can take a hint. You look
dialog: great today.
text: Charlie starts the car, burns rubber and peels out.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You drive like a maniac!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I call this the staccato.
dialog: (does tricks)
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S CAR — DAY - DRIVING
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (earnest)
dialog: Not that I'm glad you were sick,
dialog: but I had a chance to do some
dialog: thinking last night.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You know. About what we said on
dialog: Tuesday. It makes a lot of sense.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Refresh my memory.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How could you forget? We talk about
dialog: seeing other people and you forget?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Maybe I blocked it out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I can understand that.. But please
dialog: don't start crying again.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT
text: Charlie's car pulls up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's not going to be forever. I
dialog: figure three years is long enough.
text: I can see it the music pans out.
dialog: (more tentative)
dialog: And right after graduation we
dialog: should start seeing other people.
dialog: Kind of comparison shop before we
dialog: settle down and get married. Know
dialog: what I mean?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Why wait?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Well, we got the prom coming up,
dialog: all these parties. We shouldn't
dialog: upset our parents?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: They'll learn to live with it.
text: Peggy exits the car and heads towards the school. Charlie
text: sits, stunned.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL LOT
text: They are surrounded by friends as they head into school. Near
text: the door Walter and Leon are having a contest, hoisting
text: themselves onto the sign pole, trying to get their bodies
text: parallel to the ground. A crowd urges them on. We SEE taps on
text: the bottom of Walter's shoes.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY
text: Peggy stands bewildered in the hallway. Charlie walks back,
text: takes her by the hand and leads her to a locker.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're more shook up than you want
dialog: to admit. You'll get used to it,
dialog: we'll still see each other 2, 3
dialog: times a week.
text: Charlie opens the locker. Peggy watches carefully, memorizing
text: tho combination. He takes out a few books as Peggy notices
text: her schedule on the locker door.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Want me to drive you home later?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Would you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (growling)
dialog: Would I?!! Why I oughta...
text: Unaccountably, this cracks Charlie up. He walks away
text: laughing. Peggy looks completely puzzled. She is surrounded
text: by a sea of people, who say hello. She can't remember their
dialog: names.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - MORNING
text: We SEE Peggy, Maddy, Dolores, Arthur and Carol, singing MY
text: COUNTRY TIS OF THEE. They all mumble, except for Peggy who
text: delivers a stirring rendition. The class thinks she's crazy.
text: Peggy's decided to have a good time. Announcements begin over
text: the PA system. No one pays attention, except Peggy.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Good morning, students. This is Mr.
dialog: Mosey. Our girls diving team is
dialog: competing today in the county
dialog: finals at Commander Beck High
dialog: School.
dialog: We know they'll put forth a
dialog: splendid effort — so let's wish
dialog: them luck.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Where's Rosalie Testa?
speaker_heading: CAROL
text: Probably at the diving meet.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Finally, congratulations go to
dialog: Richard Norvik for placing first in
dialog: the Statewide Math Contest. We're
dialog: proud of you, Richard....That's
dialog: all, students.
text: Several students boo Richard's name. The BELL RINGS.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER CLASSROOM
text: Maddy, Dolores and Peggy enter the room. Peggy stands at the
text: door till most are seated. She sees an empty seat between
text: Maddy and Dolores and, assuming it's hers, sits down.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Did you study for the test?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Test?
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - TWENTY MINUTES LATER
text: MR. SNELGROVE, an officious little creep, is standing by his
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: SNELGROVE
dialog: All right, class. Time's up.
text: He walks along the aisles collecting the papers. When he gets
text: to Peggy he picks up her blank sheet.
speaker_heading: SNELGROVE
dialog: What's the meaning of this, Peggy
dialog: Sue?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Mr. Snelgrove, I happen to know
dialog: that in the future, I will never
dialog: have the slightest use for algebra.
dialog: And I speak from experience.
text: The class gasps, a few students APPLAUD, and Mr. Snelgrove's
text: jaw drops.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER CLASSROOM — DAY
text: MR. GILFOND is teaching The Old Man and the Sea. MICHAEL
text: FITZSIMMONS (from reunion cross—country photo) is speaking.
dialog: He always wears black.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: Santiago comes back, with nothing
dialog: — there's no meat on the bone. It's
text: Hemingway's ego defending itself
text: again; he's trying to prove he can
dialog: still perform.
speaker_heading: GILFOND
dialog: ...What Hemingway's saying,
dialog: Michael, is that we are alone —
dialog: that when we go out too far we're
dialog: vulnerable. The irony, that
text: Santiago is beaten by the sharks,
dialog: doesn't make him less of a hero.
text: THE BELL RINGS. The class begins to exit.
speaker_heading: GILFOND
dialog: Over the weekend read the first
dialog: four chapters of The Great Gatsbv.
dialog: I hope you enjoy it.
text: Peggy hesitates. She walks up to Gilfond.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Mr. Gilfond, can I talk to you?
speaker_heading: GILFOND
dialog: Sure, Peggy Sue. What's on your
dialog: mind?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I just wanted to tell you how much
dialog: I enjoy your class. You taught me a
dialog: lot and... you're a very fine
dialog: teacher.
speaker_heading: GILFOND
dialog: That's very kind of you. Thank you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Thank you. Um, I also think you're
dialog: underpaid.
speaker_heading: LUNCH AREA
text: Walter, Charlie and Arthur sit at a long table.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Why does your father take inventory
dialog: on Sunday night? That's poker
dialog: night. You always got out of it
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I've got to string him along for a
dialog: while. It's for his own good.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: But you're not going into his
dialog: business. When're you going to tell
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Soon. I can't tall everybody
text: everything all at once.
text: Peggy, Carol and Maddy walk over and sit down with trays.
text: Peggy deliberately avoids the empty sear next to Charlie.
text: They're uneasy with each other. Peggy looks with disgust at
text: the slop on the tray.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Strange rumors are sweeping the
dialog: school about you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (wary)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Prom what I hear, you really gave
dialog: it to old Smellgrove.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: I was there. She told the creep off
text: right to his face.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Atta girl, Peg.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Arthur, please don't call me Peg.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Why I oughta...
text: Charlie, Walter and Arthur crack up.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I don't get it.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: That's because you' re not a total
dialog: moron like they are.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: It's some stupid old movie thing
dialog: they just started.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: That's enough out of you, little
dialog: lady.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'll throw the book at you!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Why I oughta...
text: The boys crack up again. The girls think they're hopeless.
text: Peggy SEES Michael Fitzsimmons, buried in a book. He looks at
text: Peggy with a penetrating gaze, then back down.
text: Richard Norvik, also sitting alone, working with a slide
text: ruler on a book of mathematical puzzles, dressed in early
dialog: Nerd.
text: Peggy gets up from the table. She looks back to Charlie and
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: CAMERA TRACKS PEGGY TO RICHARD
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: She's not wasting any time. Peggy
dialog: Sue and Mr. Square Root?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He's a nice guy. You know he's
dialog: writing a book?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Oh, a book... Excuse me for a
dialog: second.
dialog: (fakes gagging)
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Peggy stands over Richard. He looks up nervously, pushing his
text: glasses up the bridge of his nose, a constant habit.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Congratulations on the math
dialog: contest, Richard.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: It really wasn't that difficult.
text: Doug Snell (of Merrill—Lynch, at the reunion) walks past.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What're you doing, Peggy Sue?
dialog: Fishing for four—eyed worms?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Get lost you macho shmuck.
text: Doug and Richard react.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I have to talk to you. It's very
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I'm not doing any tutoring this
dialog: year. I'm too busy.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It's not that. Can we meet after
dialog: school? Please?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: All right. I'll be in the physics
dialog: lab. Make it four—thirty. I have a
text: rocket club meeting.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - A FAMILY LIVING CLASS
text: On the walls are several charts: Basic Food Groups, Tips on
text: Grooming, and prominently displayed, The Happy Home
dialog: Corporation, i.e. husband as president, wife, vice—president,
text: children, employees, grandparents as board members. MISS OTTO
text: stands by her desk. Standing in the front of the room is:
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Therefore, the key to a successful
dialog: children's party can be summed up
dialog: in one word — planning.. With
dialog: proper planning, a successful,
dialog: inexpensive happy birthday party
dialog: can be had by all. Including the
dialog: mother.
text: She walks back to her seat.
speaker_heading: MISS OTTO
dialog: That was very comprehensive,
dialog: Madeline. Thank you.. Now...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Peggy Sue, your topic was 'How To
dialog: Choose A Nursery School.' Are you
dialog: prepared?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: All.... Okay. Sure.
text: Peggy walks to the front and faces the class, smiling primly.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Choosing a good nursery school can
dialog: be one of the most important
dialog: decisions you can make. It will
dialog: often determine your child's
dialog: attitude towards education and
dialog: schooling.
dialog: (proud of herself)
dialog: Of course, the lessons learned are
dialog: primarily social —— sharing, being
dialog: considerate of others.
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: And they're so cute when they're
dialog: little. They bring you back their
dialog: Little masterpieces every day and
dialog: you put 'em on the refrigerator
dialog: door. They're so proud, and their
text: names are all misspelled. Scott
dialog: would always print his S backwards,
dialog: and Beth would make her sweet
dialog: little flowers...
text: Peggy wipes away a tear. At the stunned reaction of the class
dialog: and Miss Otto.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYING' FIELD
text: The baseball team practices. Michael Fitzsimmons runs laps
text: with the track team. One lone boy kicks a soccer ball.
scene_heading: CLOSE - A BATON	TWIRLING IN THE AIR
text: WIDEN to INCLUDE the baton spinning down, falling into the
text: hands of a uniformed majorette who deftly passes it through
text: her legs and twirls it back into the air. Another baton — it
text: rises, spinning awkwardly and falls through Peggy's hands
text: onto the ground. Six MAJORETTES in uniform are practicing.
text: Dolores is one of them.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (to Peggy)
dialog: What a girl. What a twirl. You
dialog: know, Peg—Leggy, you're gonna get
dialog: demoted to hall monitor -
speaker_heading: HEAD MAJORETTE
dialog: Come on, Peggy Sue.. Try it again.
dialog: You haven't been practicing.
text: Peggy gamely tries it again and manages at least to catch the
text: baton and continue twirling. She continues, enjoying herself.
text: Michael runs by, the lonely long distance runner.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYING FIELD — LATER
text: The group of majorettes heads toward the school. Peggy sees
text: Charlie leaning against the car, waving her over.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Looking good out there.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I noticed you were giving me the
dialog: silent treatment at lunch. I guess
dialog: I deserved it. I've been thinking
dialog: about my three year plan and I
dialog: think it's unworkable. I must have
dialog: been delirious.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I thought it had a lot of merit.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: In the abstract maybe. Get a grip
dialog: on yourself! But when I imagine you
dialog: going out with other guys, I
dialog: feel... ah...
speaker_heading: PEGGY
text: Rejected, worthless, miserable.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah. Like that.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Good.
text: Peggy turns, and walks away. Charlie looks miserable.
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICS LAB
text: Peggy enters and approaches Richard. He is too engrossed
text: constructing an elaborate kite to notice her.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What a great kite.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I'm writing a book on kite
dialog: construction. What did you want to
dialog: talk about?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I want to ask you a question.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you think...time travel is
dialog: possible?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Are you doing some kind of science
dialog: project?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Sort of.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Well... in a Newtonian framework,
dialog: the possibilities were limited, but
dialog: with the advent of relativity
dialog: theory, the idea of absolute time
dialog: can no longer be reasonably
dialog: affirmed.
text: Peggy hasn't understood a word.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: And then, there's Richard's
dialog: Burrito.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: That's my own theory based on a
dialog: Mexican food called the burrito.
dialog: I had it once when my parents took
dialog: me to Disneyland.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I	know what a burrito is.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Well, I think time is like a
dialog: burrito. Sometimes it just folds
text: over on itself and one part touches
dialog: the other.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What's inside?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You can till it with whatever you
dialog: want. From illusions to memory,
dialog: from experience to innocence, from
dialog: happiness to the entire universes
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: So you think time travel is
dialog: possible? For people?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Absolutely. People, dogs,
dialog: elephants.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Listen, you've gotta keep this a
dialog: secret. You can't tell a soul.
dialog: Promise?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Okay. I promise.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: This is serious. Nobody can know.
dialog: Ah, I've returned from the future.
dialog: I traveled back here 25 years.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You probably are crazy. Wait a
dialog: minute. Is this some kind of joke?
dialog: I know what you all, think of me.
speaker_heading: PEGGY.
dialog: No. Really. You're the smartest
dialog: person I know. It sounds
dialog: unbelievable. But I can prove it.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You have a blind grandfather. One
dialog: day you're going to invent a
dialog: machine that reads books for blind
dialog: people. I read about it. You're
dialog: going to be famous. You're going to
dialog: invent a lot of things.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: How, did you know about my
dialog: grandfather?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Because I'm telling you the truth.
dialog: I know what's going to happen.
dialog: There's going to be test tube
dialog: babies and heart transplants. And
dialog: an American named Neil Armstrong is
dialog: going to walk on the moon. On July
dialog: 20, 1969.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Holy Toledo! That's six years
dialog: ahead of schedule!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Peggy and Richard are walking, carrying their books.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: But when did you leave? Are you
dialog: here until then? Were you there
dialog: until now? What direction are you
dialog: going in? Are you a moving point on
text: an infinite line extending into the
dialog: past? Can anyone do it?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I don't know.
text: Oblivious, Peggy and Richard walk by Shower's Cafe. Inside,
text: Dolores and Carol see them.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET — APPROACHING RICHARD'S HOUSE
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I'd be very careful if I were you.
dialog: You don' t want to fall into the
text: clutches of some madman with plans
dialog: to manipulate your brain.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: That's why I was getting a
dialog: divorce..
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What I really think is that I had a
text: heart attack at the reunion and
dialog: died.
scene_heading: EXT. RICHARD'S DRIVEWAY
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You look pretty good for a corpse.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Come on, Richard, I'm serious.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You're giving me the creeps.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Am I dead or not?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: There's one way to find out.
text: Richard stops and throws down his books. He steps in front of
text: Peggy, throwing down her books, dragging her to the curb.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What're you doing?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Confucious says, The way out is
text: through the door. There's a truck.
dialog: There's your door.
text: A large truck speeds towards them.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Step in front of the truck! If
dialog: you're dead, it won't matter. The
dialog: truck'll go right through you. Go
dialog: ahead! You're dead!
text: Peggy takes one step off the curb. The truck is getting
text: closer. The truck BLOWS A LOUD SUSTAINED WAIL.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No! I don't want to die!
scene_heading: INT. RICHARD'S GARAGE
text: A completely outfitted laboratory, kites decorate the walls.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Okay, you're not dead, but
dialog: according to every law of science
dialog: what you say happened to you is
dialog: impossible.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What if it's beyond science? What
dialog: it it's God?
speaker_heading: RI CHARD
dialog: Einstein said "God doesn't play
dialog: dice with the universe." I'm a
dialog: scientist. I believe that there's
dialog: an order to things. Why would God
dialog: bring you back as a high school
dialog: girl?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You're a molecule in chaos, a
dialog: discontinuent aberration. Maybe
dialog: you've just got powers of
dialog: precognition. Well, maybe you're
text: just out of whack.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I told you, I've already lived my
dialog: life. I don't know how or why I'm
dialog: here, but you have to help me get
dialog: back. I want to get back to my real
dialog: life!
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: All right, I'll work on it, I'll,
dialog: do some research. But in the
dialog: meantime, don't get crazy.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm trying. I'll see you tomorrow.
dialog: (heads out the door)
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: What if you're not here tomorrow?
scene_heading: INT. KELCHER HALLWAY
text: Peggy comes home, enters hallway.
speaker_heading: MRS. KELCHER (O.S.)
dialog: This necklace is sapphire, it was
dialog: my Grandmother's.
text: Peggy Looks into the living room.
speaker_heading: PEGGY'S POV:
text: Her mother is sitting on the sofa with a strange MAN in a
text: suit. She's served him tea. There are several, pieces of old
text: jewelry spread on a cloth on the coffee table. The man is
text: examining one of the pieces. Mrs. Kelcher seems surprised
dialog: that Peggy's home from school.
text: Peggy moves on into the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KELCHER KITCHEN
text: Peggy hears her mother let the man out. She enters the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Who was that man?
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: It was nobody. Ah... he's a poll,
dialog: taker. I'm thinking of voting
dialog: Democrat this year. But don't
dialog: mention it to your father. How was
dialog: school today?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It was great to see everybody
dialog: again. But it's so boring and
dialog: regimented. Most of what they teach
dialog: is useless. The worst thing was
dialog: lunch.
text: The TELEPHONE RINGS.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Would you get that, dear?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Sure, Mom.
dialog: (picking up the phone)
dialog: Hello.
text: Peggy gasps. Mrs. Kelcher turns to her.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Peggy! What's the matter? Who is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: It's Grandma. I can't talk to her
dialog: now.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'm sorry, Grandma.
text: Peggy hands the receiver to her mother and runs out of the
text: room sobbing. Her first confrontation with mortality.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Peggy climbs the stairs, in tears.
speaker_heading: MRS. KELCHER (O.S.)
dialog: Peggy Sue! What is it?
text: Forcing herself to regain her composure, she sits down at the
text: top of the landing as Mrs. Kelcher joins her.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I had a dream that Grandma died.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Well, she is getting on, but she's
dialog: fine. I told her you weren't
dialog: feeling well yesterday. She called
dialog: to find out how you are.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: She did? I love her so much, and I
dialog: haven't seen her in such a long
dialog: time. And Grandpa Barney. Is he
dialog: all, right?
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Yes, he's fine, too. You saw them
dialog: at Easter.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm sorry, Mom. I'll call Grandma
text: back and apologize.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: That's a good girl... I hate to see
dialog: you so upset.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tell me, sweetheart. Are you having
dialog: problems with Charlie? You
dialog: mentioned something this morning.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm confused about a lot of things
dialog: right now. Charlie's only one of
dialog: them.
text: Two beats.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Is Charlie pressuring you to do
dialog: things you don't think you should
dialog: be doing?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What do you mean?
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Peggy, do you know what a penis is?
dialog: (Peggy's jaw drops)
dialog: Stay away from it.
scene_heading: EXT. KELCHER HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Charlie pulls up to the curb, opens the glove compartment,
text: extracts a can of Old Spice aerosol, sprays the seat; and
text: exits his car, throwing a kiss to it as he walks up to the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CLOSER VIEW
text: He's wearing a hideous orange and turquoise sweater.
scene_heading: INT. KELCHER HOUSE — HALLWAY
text: Mr. Kelcher opens the door, Charlie enters.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Hello, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hello, sir. How are things at the
dialog: hat store?
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Fine, thanks. Come on in. I want to
dialog: talk to you.
text: CAMERA TRACKS Charlie and Mr. Kelcher into the living room.
text: Mr. Kelcher sits on his recliner, Charlie, nervous, on the
text: couch. Nancy is on the rug, studying.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: You may have noticed that Peggy
dialog: Sue's been acting a little strange
dialog: lately.
speaker_heading: NANCY
text: She's distorted.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
text: She seems confused, irresponsible,
dialog: overemotional. My wife says that's
dialog: the way girls act sometimes.
speaker_heading: NANCY
text: She's almost a juvenile delinquent.
text: Mr. Kelcher gives Nancy a look and points to the door.
text: Without her father noticing, Nancy creeps up behind him and
text: makes rabbit ears behind his head. Charlie tries hard not to
text: laugh. Nancy continues to clown.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, sir. But that's what I like
dialog: about her. She's not like all the
text: other girls at school.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Charles, in spite of your
dialog: adolescent infatuation with music,
dialog: we've always regarded you a a fine
dialog: young man. We've trusted you with
dialog: our daughter.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, sir. Trust is a two—way
dialog: street. In the past two years I've
dialog: been pleased to note that you and
dialog: Mrs. Kelcher have, uh, fulfilled
dialog: your sacred trust of being good
dialog: parents to the, uh, woman I plan to
dialog: take off your hands.
text: Mr. Kelcher looks as if he's witnessing the latest attack of
dialog: teenage weirdness.
scene_heading: INT. PEGGY'S BEDROOM
text: Peggy is changing a record. She sees the dress she was
text: wearing the day before (and at the reunion) slung across a
text: chair. As Peggy picks it up, a book of matches falls out.
text: Peggy picks it up, excited.
scene_heading: INSERT: MATCHBOOK which reads: FINISH HIGH SCHOOL IN YOUR
text: SPARE TIME. Peggy frantically searches the dress pockets and
text: slowly draws out two joints. She stares at them for a beat.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (worrying)
dialog: Oh, Beth.
text: There's a knock at the door. Peggy quickly hides the joints.
text: Mrs. Kelcher opens the door.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Charlie's downstairs. Why aren't
dialog: you ready?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: For what?
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
text: Maddy's party.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I don't feel very festive.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: You accepted an invitation, Maddy's
dialog: one of your best friends, and I
dialog: baked the Rice Krispie squares.
text: Peggy laughs.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Enjoy yourself! This is the best
dialog: time of your life. And the sooner
dialog: you learn to handle Charlie the
dialog: better. Get dressed.
text: Mrs. Kelcher closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: We think this party might cheer
dialog: her up. Just make sure you know
dialog: what's expected of you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What would that be, sir?
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Show her a good time, but for God's
dialog: sake restrain yourself.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Of course.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PEGGY
text: walking downstairs, surprised by Charlie and Dad talking.
scene_heading: EXT. KELCHER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Peggy and Charlie exit and walk towards his car. Peggy's
text: holding a pan of Rice Krispie squares. Charlie slips Peggy's
text: sweater back on her shoulder. He's trying hard to make up.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Where did you get that sweater?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Great, isn't it?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It's really Fifties. You sort of
dialog: clash with the world.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey! What's the fun of being a
dialog: teenager if you can't dress weird?
dialog: And we're going to have fun
dialog: tonight, right?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Right. I promised my mother.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S CAR — NIGHT - DRIVING
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is this slow enough for you?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Charlie, how are you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm fine Peggy Sue. And how are
dialog: you? Are we talking on the phone?
dialog: Are we pen pals?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Seriously. What's it like to be
dialog: eighteen?
text: Charlie looks thoughtful, then guns the engine.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's great. I cleaned the car, do
dialog: you like it? Oh, I got tickets for
dialog: Fabian on your birthday, you like
dialog: him, right? He's cool. Eighteen is
dialog: half of thirty six. It's "Gentlemen
dialog: start your engines", vroom, like
dialog: I'm gassed up ready for the race.
dialog: I've got the girl, I've got the
dialog: car, I've got the talent, but I
dialog: don't know. Do I date, get married,
dialog: join the army, cut a record, go to
dialog: college? I got a million choices,
dialog: but nobody teaches you how to
dialog: choose. But it's different for a
dialog: girl. You're Lucky. You just have
dialog: to wait for me.
scene_heading: INT. MADDY'S HOUSE — BASEMENT
text: Thirty kids are dancing, talking, snacking. One couple makes
text: out. Walter, Leon, Terry and Doug Snell are crowded around a
text: TV, watching an old western with Eugene Pallette or Edgar
text: Buchanan. The boys laugh as Pallette or Buchanan growls a
dialog: western cliche.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Gol'darnit, dag nab it, dad burn
dialog: it, dad blame it.
scene_heading: INT. MADDY'S HOUSE — HALLWAY TO BASEMENT
text: Charlie and Peggy are poised at the door.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Here comes the life of the party.
scene_heading: INT. MADDY'S HOUSE — BASEMENT
text: Arthur and a few others stand by the bar, where bottles of
text: Coke are lined up. Arthur carefully pours rum from a hip
text: flask directly into the bottles. Peggy and Charlie enter.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Goes down, smooth. Hey, look what
text: the cat dragged in.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Have no fear. Charlie's here.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Oh, it's you is it.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Jumping Jehosophat!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It's a miracle!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Hi, guys.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Now that's a purty little heifer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why Pete's the best darn cook on
dialog: the Panhandle!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Why I oughta!
text: The boys all crack up.
scene_heading: THE PARTY — LATER
text: Walter, Leon, Charlie and Terry crowd around Arthur who has
text: an open, wide—mouthed bottle of beer in his hand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ready. Set. Go -
text: Arthur rapidly chug—a—lugs the entire beer and immediately
text: recites from memory as the boys urge him on:
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (going: for speed)
text: Hi—Yo Silver! A cloud of dust, a
text: galloping horse with the speed of
dialog: light, a hearty Hi-Yo Silver! The
dialog: Lone Ranger! With his faithful
dialog: Indian companion Tonto, the daring
dialog: and resourceful Masked Rider of the
dialog: Plains came to Earth with powers-
dialog: and abilities far beyond those of
dialog: mortal men.
dialog: Return with us now to those
dialog: thrilling days of yesteryear - from
dialog: out of the...
text: Arthur lets out a huge belch. Everybody cracks up.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You doorknob! You threw in
dialog: Superman!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Too bad. Close to a record.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (foaming at the nose)
dialog: I hate it when the beer comes out
dialog: my nose.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER AREA
text: Peggy, Carol and Maddy bemusedly watching the boys.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Can you believe I want to marry
dialog: that dork.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Why do guys do such stupid things?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You know, I never could figure that
dialog: one out.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Maddy, Arthur, Walter, Carol, Charlie and Peggy sit on a
text: couch. Maddy and Carol sit in their boyfriends' laps. Peggy
text: sits distractedly on the couch arm. They cross talk — boys to
dialog: boys — girls to girls.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: I was thinking of four ushers and
text: four bridesmaids.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: The Yanks got the hitting but the
dialog: Sox got the defense.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What are your colors, going to be?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'l1 take Kubek and Richardson
text: over Fox and Aparicio.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: I'm thinking of pink and green.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Dolores and Terry standing in a corner kissing passionately.
speaker_heading: MADDY (CONT'D.)
dialog: Look at Dolores. What a tramp.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Pitching wins pennants. The Tigers
dialog: got four potential twenty game
dialog: winners.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You'd be surprised at how many
dialog: girls in school aren't virgins.
scene_heading: WALTER AND ARTHUR
dialog: (to Carol)
dialog: Like who?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don Mossi, Frank Lary, Jim Sunning
dialog: and Paul Foytack.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT — LATER
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And now, direct from three weeks of
text: rehearsal in Walter's garage, four
dialog: guys who have dedicated their lives
dialog: to becoming the greatest singing
dialog: group in the world... (beat)
text: Charlie, Walter, Leon and Terry.
dialog: The Definitions.
text: Applause as the group enters from the furnace room. They all
text: wear black pants and iridescent sharkskin jackets. Charlie is
text: in the center of the group as they position themselves.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: One, two, three-...
text: The group begins to SING an A CAPELLA version of RAMA LAMA
text: DING DONG (or I WONDER WHY). Charlie sings lead, backed up by
text: the other three. Walter dances insane, Temptation—like steps.
text: The crowd huddles around them, clapping and grooving. Peggy
text: is on the planet of lost innocence, removed and melancholy.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Charlie really has a great voice.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Maybe they'll be the next Dion and
dialog: the Belmonts.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Don't get your hopes up.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Come on, where's your enthusiasm?
text: Charlie SINGS directly to Peggy, grinning at her. In spite of
text: herself, she smiles back at him. She's starting to realize
dialog: why she fell in love with him. He's irresistible.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: He is kind of cute, isn't he?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Yeah. You're so lucky. He really
dialog: loves you, too. He's always telling
dialog: Walter how wonderful you are.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: He does?
text: The group finishes the song. Charlie blows Peggy a kiss. The
text: crowd APPLAUDS, including Peggy. Dolores joins Peggy, Carol
dialog: and Maddy.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Carol and I saw you with that
dialog: creep, Richard, today.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: First of all, Richard is not a
dialog: creep. He happens to be an
dialog: exceptional person. If any of you
dialog: gave him half a chance, you'd find
dialog: that out.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: God, Peggy, you're so unformed
dialog: you're practically fetal. You're
dialog: just taking pity on him 'cause he
dialog: has no friends.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Dolores, can't you be a little
dialog: kinder to people? You don't even
dialog: know the boy. If you weren't so
dialog: neurotic and insecure, maybe you'd
dialog: shut up for a while and show some
dialog: compassion.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Are you for real?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Touchy, touchy!
text: Dolores storms away.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: (to Peggy)
dialog: I don't know what you said to her,
dialog: but I wish I'd said it.
text: Charlie and Walter walk over and accept "BRAVOS" from the
text: girls. Walter does his James Dean imitation.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Charlie, what do you think of
dialog: Richard Norvik?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is he gonna help you with that
dialog: physics stuff?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
text: He's trying.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey! Who needs physics when
dialog: we've got chemistry?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (charmed)
dialog: Come on, let's dance.
speaker_heading: WALTER
text: Put on some make—out music, and
dialog: kill the lights.
text: We HEAR a RECORD SCRATCH. A slow song begins. The lights are
text: dimmed. Coupler begin to slow dance. Charlie holds Peggy
text: close, barely moving. Peggy is misty—eyed, moved by being in
text: Charlie's arms again.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: There isn't a girl in school that
dialog: can hold a candle to you..
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You're pretty charming when you
dialog: want to be.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah I know. But I don't have to
dialog: flatter you. It just feels right.
dialog: You're the perfect girl for me. As
dialog: in is, was and always will be. I'm
dialog: glad dancing was invented. You
dialog: know the first dances were rituals.
dialog: Like fertility rites.
text: As they dance Charlie gets embarrassed by an erection, and
text: moves his hips away from Peggy. She surprises him by
text: grabbing his tush and pulling him into her.
scene_heading: INT. MADDY'S BASEMENT - LATER
text: MUSIC FADES INTO the song "PARTY DOLL" by Buddy Knox.
text: Peggy is doing the Twist, showing Charlie and several others.
text: Walter gets the hang of it, twisting on one leg. Carol tries
text: to keep up. Maddy and Arthur are always a beat behind.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Hey Terry, what is that? Did Peggy
dialog: make it up? I've never seen that
text: on Bandstand.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What if we're witnessing the end of
dialog: touch dancing?
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S CAR - DESERTED LANE - NIGHT
text: The windows are fogged. Peggy and Charlie kiss tenderly.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Mmm. This is nice. I always loved
dialog: the way you kiss. I missed you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Your eyes look like silver pools of
text: moonlight. And the tide rushes in.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You really love me, don't you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You know I do. I even wrote you
dialog: into my will.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Charlie, let's make love.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What?! You mean sex?! Intercourse?
dialog: (non—believing)
dialog: You want to have intercourse! Last
dialog: weekend you said... What time is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: A lot's happened since last
dialog: weekend.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But you're the one who wanted to
dialog: wait till we got married. And you
dialog: were right. We should wait.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (f1ustered)
dialog: I probably meant it when I said it.
dialog: (beat; coyly)
dialog: Doesn't Lucky Chuckie want to come
dialog: out?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Who?
text: Peggy starts to GIGGLE, realizing the absurdity of the
text: situation. The more she GIGGLES, the more agitated Charlie
text: gets. Peggy starts to unbutton Charlie's shirt.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You know. Your love machine... the
dialog: throbbing thrill hammer... your
dialog: thing!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You mean my wang? Listen, it's
dialog: running real late.
text: Charlie pushes her away, angry..
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What is this? What the hell is
dialog: going on? One week you say, "If you
dialog: love me you won't", now you say "If
dialog: you love me you will".
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Excuse me. That's a guy's line!
text: Peggy realizes she's blown it. Charlie isn't ready for this.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: This is a mistake. We better
dialog: forget it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're damn right! Jesus! Peggy!
dialog: You sure know how to spoil a mood.
text: Charlie straightens himself up, starts the car and burns out.
scene_heading: EXT. KELCHER HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Charlie drops her off.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm sorry Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Save it.
text: Peggy watches him go. Looking at her darkened house, she
text: turns and walks down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET — SHOWER'S CAFE
text: Peggy peeks in the window. The kids from the party are eating
text: and laughing. Rosalie Testa is dancing. Shaken by Rosalie,
text: she turns away. In the distance she SEES the lights of:
scene_heading: ART'S DONUT HOLE. OPEN 24 HOURS.
scene_heading: INT. ART'S DONUT HOLE
text: A few people linger over coffee. The waitress serving them is
text: Monica (the same but younger woman from LOVIN' OVEN).
text: In a corner, Michael Fitzsimmons, in a red leather jacket,
text: sits alone, reading. He looks up to check on his motorcycle
text: parked outside. He's splendid in his isolation.
text: Peggy enters, taking a seat at the counter, startled to see
text: Monica, who doesn't know her.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: What would you like?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Monica? Aren't you Monica Hines?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Yes. Who are you?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Ah... never mind. Can I have a
dialog: coffee, please? And a cinnamon
dialog: cruller.
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: How's Bobo?
text: Peggy notices Michael staring at her. Peggy smiles, Michael
text: doesn't. Monica brings Peggy her coffee and donut.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Twenty cents, please.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You're kidding?
text: Picking up her donut and coffee, she walks over to Michael's
text: table and sits opposite him.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I was impressed with what you said
dialog: in English class today.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Gilfond's okay, except he thinks
dialog: Hemingway's great Literature.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You don't?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: He's a fisherman! The most
dialog: overrated writer of the century. I
dialog: mean, he's the perfect American
dialog: author — fat, violent, drunk...
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Maybe you're confusing his life
dialog: with his work.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: A writer's life is his work. Jack
dialog: Kerouac doesn't have to kill a bull
dialog: to have something to write about.
text: He's out there feeling, burning...
dialog: grooving on life!
text: Michael leans back in his chair. He's said his piece. Peggy
text: studies him for a beat.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
text: The young man leaned back in his
dialog: chair. No bulls would die today.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What're you doing here anyway?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
text: Coffee and a donut.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I thought chicks like you traveled
dialog: in packs.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Hey, man, I'm a hip chick.
scene_heading: EXT. ART'S DONUT HOLE
text: Long shot of the brightly lit donut shop. Michael and Peggy
text: are clearly visible.
scene_heading: INT. CAR
text: Dolores and Terry are driving by.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Terry, slow down.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Terry! Slow down.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What, why?
scene_heading: EXT. ART'S DONUT HOLE — DOLORES'S POV:
text: Peggy and Michael leave the donut shop, get on Michael's
dialog: motorcycle.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: There's Peggy with Michael
dialog: Fitzsimmons.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: That commie beatnik? What's she
dialog: doing with him? Wait'll I tell
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
text: First a nerd and then a weirdo.
dialog: What a bunch of nose pickers. I'll
dialog: tell Charlie.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT — DRIVING
text: Peggy on Michael's bike, clasped around him. Her eyes closed,
text: enjoying the wind blowing in her hair. They head out of town.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION
text: Michael pumps gas. Peggy walks to the washrooms. Looking
text: around she waits a beat, then enters the men's.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S WASHROOM
text: With all the aplomb of a divorcee, Peggy takes a quarter and
text: deposits it in a condom machine. She puts the packet in her
text: skirt pocket, pulls out the joints and stares at them for a
text: beat. She checks her hair in the mirror and exits.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION
text: Michael pumps air into the tires, bunched against a building.
text: Peggy approaches him, holding up a joint, smiling
text: conspiratorially. She lights it, inhales deeply, then passes
text: it to him. He smiles back at her, a bit surprised, but still
text: takes the joint and inhales.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD
text: They drive up to a mountain top, Peggy wearing the leather
text: jacket. She directs Michael with one arm.
text: The motorcycle is parked. Peggy and Michael lie on the grass,
text: staring down at the town lights below. Michael inhales the
text: joint, then passes it to Peggy.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: This is great reefer.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yeah. I'm surprised. It's really
dialog: old... (inhales) Travels well
dialog: though.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, the world looks a lot
dialog: better from up here.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The world is fantastic. It's the
dialog: ultimate absurd circus. I am shot
text: from a cannon into the energy.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What are you shooting for?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Maximum intensity. Yeah. I can't
dialog: wait to get out of here. I'm gonna
dialog: write. I'm gonna check out of this
dialog: bourgeois motel. Push myself away
dialog: from the dinner table and say 'No
dialog: more Jell—O for me, Mom.'
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Don't you get along with your
dialog: parents?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The only thing my father digs is
dialog: cold, green money. All my mother
dialog: cares about is her standing at the
dialog: country club.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: They care about you. They're just a
dialog: different generation.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Hey what's with you? I thought you
dialog: were cool. You rode my bike. You
dialog: blew some pot.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What's your scene Miss Majorette?
dialog: You gonna marry Mr. Blue Impala and
text: graze around with all the other
dialog: sheep for the rest of your life?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I already did that. I want to be a
dialog: dancer, I want to dance.
text: Peggy takes off her sweater, kicks off her shoes and begins
text: to dance. Her eyes are closed, her body silhouetted by the
text: moon. Michael is transfixed. After a few beats, he walks over
text: to her. He stretches out his arms and places them around her
text: neck. They sway together for several beats, their bodies
text: touching. Peggy opens her eyes and sees Michael gazing at her
text: tenderly.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You know, I had you pegged all
dialog: wrong.
text: Michael kisses Peggy. She responds passionately.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: A ray of oneness piercing the
text: solitude. Falling bodies in the
dialog: ecstasy of flesh. You'll be a
dialog: chapter in my memoirs of desire.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Is that one of your poems?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, I just made that up. Do
dialog: you want to hear one?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'd love to.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (eyes ablaze)
dialog: Okay. Here's a new one. It's called
dialog: Tenderness.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I couldn't sleep so I thought I'd
dialog: scream
text: Betrayed by a kiss, sucking pods of
dialog: bitterness.
text: In the madhouse of Dr. Dread
text: Razor shreds of rat puke fall
dialog: On my bare arms
text: (sees Peggy grimace; he
dialog: calms down)
dialog: I'm sorry. I guess I was trying to
dialog: impress you.
dialog: (kisses her)
text: Peggy is falling for it. He fumbles with her bra straps.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Michael... you're as good as you
dialog: looked.
text: His other hand reaches to undo her skirt.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'll respect you for eternity.
dialog: (reciting tenderly)
dialog: 'When you are old and gray, and
text: full of sleep, And nodding by the
dialog: fire, Take down this book, and
dialog: slowly read, And dream of the soft
dialog: look your eyes had once."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I didn't write that. That's Yeats.
text: Peggy is moved by the beauty of the poem. She sits up, leans
text: over Michael, runs her hand through his hair, almost
dialog: motherly.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I envy you. You have your whole
dialog: life ahead of you and you know
dialog: exactly what you want to do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But forget the rat puke; write
text: something beautiful.
text: Peggy lies back down on the ground. Michael takes her hand
text: and kisses it.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You know, this isn't really
dialog: happening.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include the entire, perfect tableau: the
text: starry night, the motorcycle, the clouds racing across the
text: moon and the two lovers on the mountaintop.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET — DAWN
text: Michael stops at the corner of Peggy's street. She gets off
text: the bike and kisses Michael goodbye. He takes off.
scene_heading: EXT. KELCHER HOUSE
text: Peggy walks up the path as the MILKMAN approaches.
speaker_heading: MILKMAN
dialog: Your parents are waiting up. You
dialog: know, I see a lot of this in the
dialog: spring. Good luck.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Thanks, Ralph.
scene_heading: INT. KELCHER HOUSE
text: Peggy enters, trying to be quiet. Mr. Kelcher stands in	the
text: kitchen doorway in his bathrobe waiting for her, steaming.
text: CAMERA TRACKS Peggy into kitchen. She grabs a cup of	coffee
text: before sitting down.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Where have you been?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I went for a drive. Up in the
dialog: hills.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Damn that Charlie I
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It's not Charlie. It's me.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Peggy, let me ask you something.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're not... expecting are you?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: At my age? Don't be silly.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Thank God for that.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Dad.. it's not a big deal. Didn't
dialog: you ever stay out all night when
dialog: you were young?
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Yes but I was a boy. And I still
dialog: had hell to pay.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Calm down. Just listen for a
dialog: minute.. Please.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: All right. But this better be good.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I want to help with the family
dialog: finances. I want you to buy some
dialog: stocks. And gold. By 1980 gold is
dialog: going to be worth eight hundred
dialog: dollars an ounce. Then you sell.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Do you know how ridiculous you
dialog: sound? First of all, it's illegal
dialog: for U.S. citizens to buy gold. And
dialog: in the second place, the price of
dialog: gold is regulated by the
dialog: government.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I think they're going to deregulate
dialog: it.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: That's your problems The more women
dialog: think, the more trouble they get
dialog: into.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh boy, that's another thing that's
dialog: going to change. Who's going to
dialog: think for us? Our husbands? You
dialog: know, you treat Mom like a maid.
dialog: It's not entirely your fault. Those
dialog: were the attitudes in the fifties,
dialog: and that's the way you raised me.
dialog: But give Nancy a break, encourage
dialog: her to go to art school.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: I've heard just about enough of
dialog: this lunacy! Go to your room!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Listen Dad, please. Buy IBM, buy
dialog: Polaroid, buy Apple Computer. No,
dialog: no. Not yet. Buy Xerox!
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Evelyn, take her to her room!
text: Peggy stalks out of the kitchen to the front door.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: I'm not the maid!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Way to go, Mom!
text: The Kelchers glare at each other~. We HEAR the DOOR SLAM.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWER'S CAFE — DAY
text: Peggy and Richard sit in a booth. Richard's kite is hung on a
text: coat rack.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: The way I see it, you have an
dialog: unparalleled opportunity to become
dialog: the richest woman in the world.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm just not the type. Besides, I
dialog: want to get out of here.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: But you have a vision. Don't you
dialog: want to help your parents?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I tried to tell them, but they
dialog: wouldn't listen to me.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I'm talking about invention, no
dialog: investment. I know what people
dialog: think of me. Mr. Spasmatician. Dick
dialog: the Square Root. I'll show them.
dialog: You said I was going to be a
dialog: millionaire. And you're gonna help!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Richard, take it easy.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: No offense, but for a person who
dialog: says she's lived an extra lifetime,
dialog: you certainly are thick. Money is
dialog: power.. Money makes people respect
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: How come you never ask me any
dialog: important questions? Don't you
dialog: wonder if there's going to be a
dialog: nuclear war? Or a cure for cancer?
dialog: What about your family? What about
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I'm curious, but I don't want to
dialog: know. Jeez, I hope you haven't been
dialog: telling people what's going to
dialog: happen to them.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Give me some credit, will you?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Good. You're discreet. I like that
dialog: in a partner.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Wbat're you talking about?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Look it's very simple. You tell me
dialog: everything that hasn't been
dialog: invented yet, and I'll invent it.
dialog: We'll be partners. Fifty—fifty.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
text: Sixty—forty.
speaker_heading: RI CHARD
dialog: That's not fair.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Okay, find yourself another vision.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You're taking advantage of a minor.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: When do we start?
text: A WAITRESS approaches their table.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Do you know what you want?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
text: A Ton on a Bun, with fries.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Quiche Lorraine, spinach salad and
dialog: a Perrier.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET
text: The street is filled with Saturday shoppers. Peggy holds the
text: kite, Richard takes notes as they windowshop. They stop in
text: front of a dry cleaners.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Dry cleaners. No real change. Just
dialog: higher prices.
text: They move next door to a shoe store.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Ah. This is a biggie. Forget
text: sneakers. Running shoes, jogging
dialog: shoes, tennis shoes. Fifty to two
dialog: hundred dollars a pair.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Come on. You can't be serious.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: There are major fortunes to be made
dialog: here. Leisure time and life—styles.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Are you talking ~about exercise?
dialog: Like gym?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Not for you. Okay, there's lots
dialog: more.
text: They move along to the next window, an appliance store. The
text: window is filled with old televisions, record players, large
text: rotisserie—broilers, etc. The store sign reads: BODELL'S TV
text: AND APPLIANCES. Another sign reads: COME IN AND LISTEN TO
scene_heading: STEREOPHONIC SOUND.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Look at that stuff. It's like the
dialog: dark ages. This is more your speed.
dialog: And boy, do I know this business.
text: Peggy peers into the store again and catches a g1impse of
text: Charlie serving a customer.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET — BUS STOP
text: Peggy and Richard sit on the bench next to TWO OLD. LADIES.
text: Richard reads from his list.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Let's see...
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: icrowavemays, ocketpay
dialog: alculatorcays...
text: The two ladies react.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You don't have to use pig Latin!
dialog: Nobody could possibly know what
dialog: we're talking about.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: All right. These are the choices:
dialog: microwave ovens, pocket
dialog: calculators, Walkmans, digital
text: watches and miniature TV's.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh.	And huge portable radios.
dialog: Everything else gets small, but for
dialog: some reason, portable radios get
dialog: enormous.
text: Peggy looks up and sees a lingerie store across the street.
text: She heads towards it, calling:
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: Peggy enters the Lingerie store. After a beat, Peggy emerges
text: from the store, excited and empty handed. Dodging traffic,
text: she hurries back to Richard.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Richard! They don't have any! They
dialog: never heard of them! Isn't that
dialog: wonderful?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: The wave of the future! I've
dialog: decided on our first fortune! I'll
dialog: see you later. You just think high
dialog: tech.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: High tech. I like the sound of
dialog: that.
scene_heading: EXT. APPLIANCE STORE — DUSK
text: At the back is a small record department, complete with a
text: listening booth. Charlie is waiting on a customer. Peggy
text: enters. CHARLIE'S FATHER is waiting on a buxom YOUNG WOMAN,
text: his arm around her shoulder. He turns around as she enters.
text: She has a shock of recognition.
speaker_heading: MR. BODELL
dialog: (to young woman)
dialog: Look at that freezer chest. What
dialog: capacity.
dialog: (to Peggy, embarrassed)
dialog: Hello Peggy Sue.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Woody! How ya doing?
speaker_heading: MR. BODELL
dialog: Fine, just fine.
text: Peggy gives him a big hug and a kiss on the cheek.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Nice to see you.
speaker_heading: MR. BODELL
text: Charlie's in the back.
text: Peggy walks towards the back as Mr. Bodell explains:
speaker_heading: MR. BODELL
dialog: My future daughter—in—law. Very
text: affectionate girl.
scene_heading: INT. RECORD DEPT. — APPLIANCE STORE
text: Charlie talks to on ELDERLY GENTLEMAN.
speaker_heading: GENTLEMAN
dialog: I'll just take the Ravel.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Take the Shostakovich home and
dialog: listen to it. Let it grow on you.
dialog: Everyone that's bought it has come
dialog: back and said, "This is definitive
dialog: Shostakovich. Thank you for
dialog: encouraging me to investigate it."
speaker_heading: GENTLEMAN
dialog: Well, I did enjoy the Dvorak you
dialog: suggested. Young man, you talked me
dialog: into it.
text: Charlie points Peggy to the listening booth.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You'll like it. I kid you not.
scene_heading: INT. LISTENING BOOTH
text: Peggy sits on the chair. A turntable sits on a small desk.
text: Record covers decorate the walls. Charlie enters and sits on
text: the desk, his feet resting on Peggy's chair.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What do you know about classical
dialog: music?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Nothing.. Selling is selling.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Charlie. About last nights..
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Forget it. I've been thinking.
dialog: Girls must go through that stuff
dialog: too. Sometimes when I look at you I
dialog: feel like an animal. Maybe my dad's
dialog: right. Teenagers are nuts.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: But I'm not. I'm a grown woman with
dialog: a lifetime of emotional experiences
dialog: you couldn't possibly understand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, I know. Girls mature faster
dialog: than guys. But last night, I was
dialog: the one who put on the brakes. And
dialog: you know why?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Why?
text: Charlie cups her face in his hands, pouring out his heart.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Because nothing else matters.
dialog: That's the great thing about love.
dialog: Every time we argue, every time
dialog: something goes wrong, and I know
dialog: that I'm not perfect either, things
dialog: just work out better in the end.
dialog: Cause you're my baby and I love
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What am I going to do with you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don't be cruel to a heart that's
dialog: true.
scene_heading: INT. KELCHER HAT STORE KELCHER'S HATS - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Alone in the store, Mr. Kelcher is going through some
text: receipts. Peggy enters carrying a shopping bag.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Hi, Dad.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Doing some shopping?
text: Peggy reaches into the shopping bag and pulls out a small
text: wrapped box.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: For me?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Open it.
text: He opens the present. Inside are a pair of miniature golf
text: ball cufflinks.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Sweetheart, they're beautiful. But
dialog: they must've been expensive.
text: Across the street an ice cream truck pulls up. Mothers,
text: fathers and children crowd around the back as the driver exit
text: the cab.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I closed my Christmas club.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Good, you got your money out of
dialog: that greedy bank.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I wanted to apologize for this
dialog: morning.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: It's hard to believe you're going
dialog: to be eighteen.
dialog: (looks out the window)
dialog: Want an eskimo pie? Or a
dialog: creamsicle?
dialog: I'd come home from the store and
dialog: there's little you running up to
dialog: me. I'd give you a dime and you'd
dialog: promise never to grow up.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Quiet today?
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: This morning was good.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
text: The hat business is in trouble.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: I, that what all that nonsense was
dialog: about this morning? You're worried
dialog: about my business?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: That's very thoughtful, honey. It's
text: just a slump. Things will pick up.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: But when John F. Kennedy's elected
dialog: President, men'1l stop wearing
dialog: hats.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Kennedy's a Catholic. He'll never
dialog: win.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (gravely; closing her
dialog: eyes)
dialog: He'll win.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Richard Nixon's going to be
text: President. Nixon wears hats.
scene_heading: INT. NANCY'S ROOM
text: Peggy is helping her sister Nancy with an art project.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: You think this'll cheer Dad up?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Of course, he'll love it. You're a
dialog: terrific artist.
text: We HEAR Mr. Kelcher arguing loudly from downstairs. The two
dialog: girls freeze.
speaker_heading: MR. KELCHER (O.S.)
dialog: I don't need your charity. I don't
dialog: need your grandmother's jewelry or
dialog: your parents money -—how could you
dialog: do that?
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Please don't shout.
text: Peggy opens the door, Nancy cautiously behind.
speaker_heading: MR. KELCHER (O.S.)
dialog: I'm not shouting. Have we ever
dialog: starved? Have we ever missed a
dialog: mea1?
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS — PEGGY'S POV:
text: Mrs. Kelcher moves around the room, closing the windows.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Does everybody have to hear?
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: I want everybody to hear because I
dialog: don't have anything to be ashamed
dialog: of.
text: Mr. Kelcher collapses into his barcalounger, red as a beet.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Jack, I was just trying to help.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: We'll make it, we'll be fine.
scene_heading: INT. NANCY'S ROOM
text: Nancy is frightened.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Does this mean we're going to be
dialog: poor?
text: Peggy leads her back into her room without letting her
dialog: parents know they were there.
scene_heading: INT. PEGGY'S ROOM
text: We HEAR the song "Stranger in Paradise" from Kismet on the
text: old black and white record player from opening scene. Peggy
text: sits on the floor, surrounded by stockings, leotards and a
text: sewing basket. She cuts the legs oft a pair of leotards. In
text: one hand she holds up the top half of the leotards, in the
text: other hand, a pair of nylon stockings.
text: We HEAR a KNOCK on the bedroom door. Peggy pushes everything
text: under the bed as Maddy and Carol enter.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: All right. What's the scoop?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: On what?
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: How come we're your best friends
dialog: and we had to find out about you
dialog: and Michael Fitzsimmons from
dialog: Dolores?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: She's unbelievable. Who needs
dialog: satellites when we've got Dolores's
dialog: mouth?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I hear she does more than talk with
text: her mouth.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: That's disgusting!
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (brushing her hair) )
dialog: Oh, Maddy, grow up. It says in LOVE
text: WITHOUT FEAR that "the tongue kiss
dialog: as a means of genital stimulation
dialog: is widely practiced and has much to
dialog: commend it". Page eighty—six.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Did you memorize the whole book or
dialog: only the good parts?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Just what you underlined.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You're kidding...? Carol, you have
text: beautiful hair.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Come on. What's with you and
dialog: Michael?
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Yeah. He's so cool and mysterious.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: He's very interesting. For all his
dialog: pretending to be a tough guy, he's
dialog: really got the soul of a poet.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I bet Dolores told Charlie.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: That loud—mouthed little bitch~
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Peggy Sue!
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You better watch out for her. She's
dialog: after Charlie.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Cool it kids. He's free to see
dialog: other girls, if he wants.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: But I always thought that you would
dialog: marry Charlie, Carol would marry
dialog: Walter, and I would marry Arthur.
dialog: We'd all live on the same street
dialog: and take our kids to the park
dialog: together and have barbecues every
dialog: Sunday. It'll spoil everything if
dialog: you and Charlie break up. That
text: Michael doesn't look like the
dialog: barbecue type.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm not going to marry him. I just
dialog: went out with him once.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know! Why don't we go to the
dialog: movies tonight. Just us girls.
dialog: It'll be fun.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Don't be silly. It's Saturday. Date
dialog: night!
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Yeah. I've gotta go. Arthur's
dialog: picking me up soon.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Okay. But let's have a girls night
text: soon. Maybe a pajama party.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Aren't we a little old for that?
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Sometimes you're so immature.
scene_heading: INT. KELCHER LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Peggy turns to face her parents, holding up her home—made
text: pantyhose with a flourish.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Ta da! Pantyhose! The death of the
dialog: garter belt! Of course, once
dialog: they're manufactured they'll look
dialog: better than this. What do you
dialog: think?
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: This is your great invention?
dialog: (to Mrs. Kelcher)
dialog: Would you wear those things?
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Would they go over my girdle or
dialog: under?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
text: Instead of a girdle. And light as a
dialog: feather.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER.
dialog: Jack, I think she's got something
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: And we won't just sell them in
dialog: department stores. We'll market
dialog: them in drug stores and
dialog: supermarkets.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: That's all well and good, but we
dialog: don't have the money to manufacture
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You need a partner. There's a
dialog: friend of mine at school whose
dialog: father makes seat covers for cars,
dialog: Mr. Fitzsimmons. I've invited him
dialog: and his family over for dinner
dialog: tomorrow night.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Isn't that awfully forward?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: We've got to move fast. This is an
dialog: idea whose time has come.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: You mean to tell me that you
dialog: invited this Mr. Fitzsimmons over
dialog: to talk about investing his money
dialog: in your cockamamie idea?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Wrong, Dad. Your idea.
scene_heading: INT. PEGGY'S BEDROOM — NIGHT
text: A breeze blows through the open window Peggy sleeps fitfully,
text: tossing off the covers. We HEAR NOISES from outside her
text: window. A figure appears outside and silently climbs into the
text: bedroom. Peggy mumbles Charlie's name. The man walks over to
text: her bed as Peggy reaches out for him, tenderly, as if they
dialog: were still married.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Charlie. I just had the strangest
dialog: dream.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I have to talk to you..
text: Through her sleep—clouded eyes, Peggy begins to focus on the
text: face of the younger Charlie. Suddenly, she remembers.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Let's go down to the basement.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT
text: Peggy enters, flicks on the light and leads Charlie in. Peggy
text: senses Charlie's anger, and steels herself for the inevitable
dialog: confrontation.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I want to know what's going on.
dialog: Dolores told me that you and that
dialog: scuzzball Michael Fitzsimmons...
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I bumped into him after you dropped
dialog: me off Last night. I didn't feel
dialog: like going home, so we went for a
dialog: ride.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Then it's true, dammit! I had a
dialog: miserable time tonight 'cause of
dialog: you. When the Monotones did "Book
dialog: of Love —— Chapter Four you break
dialog: up, won't you give it just one more
dialog: chance..." I'm thinking Did we
dialog: break up? 'Cause if we did, I don't
dialog: even know about it!. I thought we
dialog: cleared all that up yesterday. Did
dialog: that Maynard G. Beatnik give you
dialog: what you wanted?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You know I never could stand your
dialog: sarcasm.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're going to blow it, Peggy Sue.
dialog: Nobody treats Charlie Bodell like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: And why do you always refer to
dialog: yourself in the third person, like
dialog: Napoleon? How come it always turns
dialog: into an argument with you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Look, I've got the hair, got the
dialog: eyes, got the teeth, I got the car.
dialog: I'm the lead singer, I'm the man.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Charlie,. I've been trying to
dialog: postpone this. But what's the
dialog: point? It's over.
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I don't want to hurt you. This is
dialog: very hard for me. I'm doing this
dialog: for both of us. I really want you
dialog: to be happy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I will be happy if I have you. I
dialog: love you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: That won't make any difference.
dialog: We just can't live together. And
dialog: you had the nerve to drive up with
dialog: that bimbo Janet.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are you talking about? Who's
dialog: Janet?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I just can't trust you anymore.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What about everything I said to you
dialog: this afternoon...
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: That's just it. You can always get
dialog: to me. There's this window in my
dialog: heart and every time I leave it
dialog: open, you climb in. Unless I close
dialog: it now, nothing's ever going to be
dialog: different!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But what has to be different?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Everything. I have a good head for
dialog: business, I should be franchising
dialog: the bakery. And I want you to give
dialog: me your word that whatever happens,
dialog: you'll go to college. And finish.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What! What about the group and my
dialog: singing career? What about me?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm trying to save you years of
dialog: frustration... waiting for a big
dialog: break... no. Waiting for that big
dialog: disappointment so you could blame
dialog: it all on me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You don't know zip! You think I'm
dialog: going to end up selling appliances
dialog: like my father? Chasing women
dialog: around the store. I've got to give
dialog: it a shot. Why are you trying to
dialog: kill the two things that mean the
dialog: most to me? Until yesterday you
dialog: loved me and you loved us.
dialog: (opening the door) )
dialog: What the hell has changed? For two
dialog: years I've done nothing but love
dialog: you. I'll show you, I'm going to be
dialog: just like Fabian!
text: Charlie exits. Peggy slumps back, drained. Getting up, she
text: crosses to the mounted swordfish. Standing on a chair she
text: reaches into the mouth of the fish and pulls out a package of
text: Pall Malls. She puts a cigarette in her mouth and picks up a
text: table lighter and flicks it. As it lights, the tiny music box
text: inside PLAYS SMOKE GETS IN YOUR EYES.
scene_heading: INT. KELCHER KITCHEN - MORNING
text: We HEAR distant CHURCH BELLS. Peggy sits down to scan the
text: large Sunday newspaper. Seeing her mother's phone book, she
text: finds the number she needs and picks up the phone. She dials
text: slowly.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (very nervous)
dialog: Hello, Grandma. It's Peggy Sue.
dialog: Much better. How are you? I'm very
dialog: sorry about the other day.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET — APPROACHING RICHARD'S HOUSE
text: Peggy jogs towards Richard. He is watering the front lawn.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: Hi, Richard.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Jogging. I was running, now I'm
text: jogging.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: That's what you were talking about
dialog: yesterday? Everybody does that in
dialog: the future?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yep. It's going to be a law.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I broke up with Charlie last night.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: That's terrific. You did it. You
dialog: really changed the course of your
dialog: destiny.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It was an unfair fight. He didn't
dialog: have a chance. I'm taking a real
dialog: gamble. I loved him for a long,
dialog: long time.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Cheer up. Now you can give some
dialog: other guy a shot. Make it up to him
text: later and buy him a yacht.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: For God's sake, forget the money!
dialog: I'm going crazy! I'm a walking
dialog: anachronism. I'm a puddle of deja
dialog: I'm worried about my kids, Scott
dialog: must be scared to death, I think my
dialog: daughter's doing drugs again. I
dialog: can't have any fun here, I don't
dialog: have that innocence any more. I
dialog: can't keep all this in anymore. I
dialog: feel Like I'm going to explode.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Look, the best scientific mind in
dialog: this country is working on your
dialog: case. May I make a suggestion?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Suggestion! Hypnotic suggestion!
dialog: Why didn't I think o~ that before?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What do you know about hypnosis?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Everything. This is perfect. The
text: subconscious mind remembers all.
dialog: You can give me more information on
text: microchips and then pinpoint what
dialog: happened at the reunion. Maybe
dialog: that'll give us a clue on how to
dialog: get you back.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Look, I'm desperate. I'll try
dialog: anything. But what if you can't
dialog: snap me out of it?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: No offense, but you're pretty out
dialog: of it now.
scene_heading: INT. RICHARD'S GARAGE
text: Peggy sits in an old recliner. Richard holds a small,
text: battery—operated revolving disc up in front of Peggy's closed
text: eyes, then puts it down and picks up a notepad and pen.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You are completely relaxed. When I
dialog: count to three, you will open your
dialog: eyes. One... two... three.
dialog: (Peggy's eyes flutter
dialog: open)
dialog: We'll start with something easy.
dialog: What is your name?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (trance—like)
dialog: Peggy Sue Kelcher.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Or, Peggy Bodell.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm not sure.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Oh boy. Peggy, what are microchips?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Ah..... they're very tiny... they
text: look like a fingernail made out of
dialog: an erector set...
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: What will they be made of?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I think it's called silicon.
dialog: Charlie told me that.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Silicon is from sand.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
text: We were lying in the sand. It was
dialog: my eighteenth birthday... We were
dialog: so awkward... I would have married
dialog: him anyway...
text: Peggy starts to shift in the chair. Her shorts hike up, her
text: legs spread slightly. This is not lost on Richard. Weird,
text: guttural sounds begin to emanate from his throat.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: In the future, will you have to
dialog: marry a girl before you have sex
dialog: with her?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No. The Pill will change all that.
dialog: Then he wouldn't have blamed me. We
dialog: were just too young.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You mean you'll give a girl a pill
dialog: and she'll want to have sex?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No. The Pill will be for birth
dialog: control. But girls do like sex.
dialog: Maybe not the first time.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Will you take of f your blouse?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yes, every day.
text: (taking her blouse off —
dialog: getting spaced)
dialog: Maybe I shouldn't have worn that
dialog: dress? I told Beth it was a bad idea.
dialog: That's why they made me Queen.
text: Peggy's meandering makes Richard nervous.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Richard, are you in there?
text: Richard frantically tries to put Peggy's blouse back on.
text: She's limp and unresponsive.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: No! Yes! I'll be right out, Dad.
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Oh shit! Peggy, I'm going to snap
dialog: you out of it.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I couldn't help it —— I loved him.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: One... two... three.
dialog: (claps twice)
dialog: You are now awake.
text: Richard kneels on top of Peggy as she wakes up, fumbling the
text: buttons at her breasts. Peggy comes to, as Richard jumps off.
text: She buttons her blouse, furious.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Richard! You should be ashamed of
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Me? You went crazy! You started
dialog: taking your clothes off. I was
dialog: putting them back on for you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: That's just perfect isn't it? Did
dialog: it work? Did you find out why I
dialog: came back?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I think it has something to do with
dialog: your birthday. You were rambling. I
dialog: didn't understand the rest.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: God dammit! How'm I gonna got out
dialog: of here?
text: Peggy grabs a glass beaker and hurls it against the wall.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Hey! Do you have any idea how much
dialog: those beakers cost? I usually
dialog: charge for hypnosis.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh, go feel up your hamsters! I
text: hear rodents put out.
text: Peggy storms out.
scene_heading: INT. KELCHER HOUSE
text: Mrs. Kelcher stands at the counter preparing a pot roast.
text: Peggy's making a chocolate mousse.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: You know, dear, I think the
dialog: pantyhose is a wonderful idea, but
dialog: the next time you come up with
dialog: something, please don't stay out
dialog: all night. Just tell us. We'll
dialog: believe you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Mom, how about a machine that's
dialog: like your blender, only it slices
text: vegetables, kneads dough, chops
dialog: meat and even make fresh pasta?
speaker_heading: MRS KELCHER
dialog: What's pasta?
scene_heading: INT. KELCHER DINING ROOM
text: Peggy and Mrs. Kelcher are setting the table, taking the good
text: china out of the cabinet. A dozen red roses grace the table.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: These roses are beautiful. And so
dialog: romantic'. Who is this Michael? Is
dialog: he a friend of Charlie's?
text: She moves the Jell-O mold.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No, just a friend of mine. I don't
dialog: think he Likes Jell—O.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: What does Charlie think about that?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You know Mom, it's okay to have
dialog: male friends. Besides, it's over
dialog: with me and Charlie.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: What? When did it happen? Your dad
dialog: and I always expected you two to
dialog: get married.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yeah, I know Peggy Sue gets
dialog: married. Case closed. Period. Mom,
dialog: if you could live your life over
dialog: again, would you do the same thing?
dialog: Get married and settle down after
dialog: high school?
speaker_heading: MRS KELCHER
dialog: Of course I loved your Lather.
dialog: I remember once being offered a
dialog: scholarship to art school. But I
dialog: turned it down.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Why?
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: All the college girls I knew were
dialog: so well, dressed. I was worried
dialog: that I wouldn't fit in. I didn't
dialog: have the right clothes. I was so
dialog: silly. But, I don't have many
dialog: regrets, and besides, r don't have
dialog: time to worry about the past. But
dialog: Charlie. I hope you know what
dialog: you're doing.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM — TWO HOURS LATER
text: Michael, DORIS and ED FITZSIMMONS sit at the table with the
text: Kelchers. They have just finished dessert.
scene_heading: MR. FITZSIMMONS
dialog: Moose? I never thought I'd have
dialog: moose for desert.
text: The adults laugh. Michael looks bored.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Peggy Sue cooked the whole dinner.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: But Mom helped.
scene_heading: MR. FITZSIMMONS
dialog: You know, you should open a
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It's incredibly difficult to make
dialog: money in the restaurant business.
dialog: You have to get up at five in the
dialog: morning to go to the market, you
dialog: have problems with spoilage,
dialog: employee pilferage, and just try
dialog: and collect from the credit card
dialog: companies. They take months to pay.
text: The whole table is astonished.
scene_heading: MR. FITZSIMMONS
dialog: How does a young gal like you know
dialog: so much about business?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh, I just picked it up from my
dialog: dad. He's a wonderful businessman.
scene_heading: MR. FITZSIMMONS
dialog: Really?
text: Peggy gives her father a go get him look. Michael's writing
text: in a pocket notebook.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Ah, Ed, why don't you and I adjourn
dialog: to the den for a while?
scene_heading: EXT. KELCHER HOUSE
text: Peggy~ and Michael stand by Michael's motorcycle, passing a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That was quite an evening.
dialog: Bourgeois, phony, decadent, stupid.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I shouldn't have put you through
dialog: that. It must have been agony.
dialog: Let's do something.
text: Michael makes a move towards Peggy, with lust in his eyes.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No. Something else. I'm too full.
dialog: Besides, it's a school night.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO STREET - NIGHT
text: Michael and Peggy pull up on the motorcycle in front of
text: Lena's Lounge, a seedy bar in the town's black ghetto. Half a
text: dozen blacks are banging around outside. They eye Peggy and
text: Michael suspiciously.
scene_heading: INT. LENA'S LOUNGE
text: The room has a bar at one side, booths and tables in the rest
text: of the room. A stage is at the far end. On stage, an all
text: black group, The Four—Mations, is performing the song GOOD
text: TIMIN' The people in the club are dancing the Twist.
text: Peggy and Michael sit in the last booth. Several people wave
text: hello to Michael.. Although Peggy and Michael can see the
text: stage, their booth is not visible from the stage.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Five more weeks of school. And ten
dialog: minutes past graduation I'm gone.
text: (he raises his glass)
dialog: To freedom.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (looking around at the
dialog: crowd — clinking glasses)
dialog: For everyone.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Now listen, this is the plan. As
dialog: soon as school is finished we go to
dialog: Utah and...
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Utah? I thought you'd be going to
dialog: New York or Paris. What's in Utah?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Rita. I met her last summer. She's
dialog: cool. You'll really dig her. She's
dialog: got this great little cabin in the
text: hills, just outside of Provo where
dialog: she raises chickens. I'll write and
dialog: the two of you can take care of the
dialog: chickens to support us.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (astounded)
dialog: I can't do that.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Why not? Polygamy's legal in Utah.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I hate chickens.
scene_heading: ANGLE — THE STAGE
text: On stage, the Four—Nations have concluded their song.
text: We HEAR APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: SINGER
dialog: Thank you. Now we're happy to
dialog: introduce, a friend of ours. He's
dialog: one damn fine singer, Mr. Charlie
dialog: Dell!
text: We HEAR the GROVE BEGIN the SONG SEA OF LOVE.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: But what about the other night? We
dialog: were like two stars in the same
dialog: constellation.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Michael, you and I are light years
dialog: apart. You should go, but not with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: But we had heat baby. Passion!
dialog: Fire! We owe it to ourselves to
text: fuse together.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: At least one more time.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: That's a terrific line. You're
dialog: going to be a wonderful writer.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You think so?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yes. We had a glorious night
dialog: together. One day you'll remember
dialog: and write about it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I can dig that. Bittersweet
text: perfection. Dogs of lust on leashes
dialog: of memory... yeah.
text: Suddenly distracted by the familiar voice, Peggy looks up to
text: the stage and sees that the lead singer, Charlie Bell, is in
dialog: fact, Charlie Bodell.
scene_heading: PEGGY'S POV:	THE STAGE — CHARLIE SINGING
speaker_heading: PEGGY (0.S.)
dialog: It's Charlie!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (0.S.)
dialog: What a treat.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - CHARLIE SINGING — WITH REACTIONS OF PEGGY AND
text: MICHAEL. Michael observes Peggy's intimate reaction to
text: Charlie's singing.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Now I get it.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Ssh. He's great.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: Peggy Sue's still stuck on treble
dialog: without a cause.
text: Charlie finishes the song as the audience goes wild. He
text: beams.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I thought I knew everything about
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Can we split now?
text: Peggy and Michael unobtrusively slip out of the club. Charlie
text: leaves the stage. He's met by a greasy looking MAN. They sit
text: down at a booth to talk.
scene_heading: EXT. KELCHER HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Michael and Peggy pull up. Peggy gets off the bike and gives
text: Michael a good—night kiss.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I can dig you being uptight about
dialog: Rita and Utah. That's cool.
dialog: But I've got to warn you about
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: My father. He's not just the
dialog: ultimate square. He's a total
dialog: crook.
scene_heading: INT. KELCHER KITCHEN
text: Mrs. Kelcher finishes the dishes, with rubber gloves on. Mr.
text: Kelcher sits, cleaning his pipe. Peggy enters.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: How did it go with the pantyhose?
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: It's the darndest thing. Ed knew
dialog: what they were immediately. As a
dialog: matter of fact, he said he's got a
dialog: product like that in development
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh no!
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Didn't call, them pantyhose,
dialog: though. What was it, Evelyn?
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Sheerotards. Catchy name, isn't it?
dialog: Like leotards.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: He's a liar! He has no such thing!
dialog: It's my own fault. I should have
dialog: had it patented first. He's a
dialog: crook, damnit.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Peggy Sue, watch your mouth.
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: Mr. Fitzsimmons is a very prominent
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh, you're both so naive.
scene_heading: MR. KELCHER
dialog: Look young lady, I grew up through
dialog: the depression. I fought in the
dialog: second World War. Six days a week I
dialog: get up and deal with the public,
dialog: the bank and the bill collectors.
dialog: And on the seventh day, when God
dialog: rests, I don't have to listen to my
dialog: daughter calling me a fool!
scene_heading: MRS. KELCHER
dialog: You have a point, dear.
scene_heading: INT. PEGGY'S ROOM
scene_heading: (POSS. OMIT THIS SCENE)
text: Peggy lies in bed in the darkness, her eyes wide open. The
text: bedside clock reads: 2:47. Peggy gets out of bed.
text: CAMERA TRACKS Peggy into Nancy's room. Peggy looks down at
text: Nancy sleeping. Gently pulling back the blankets, Peggy gets
text: into bed with her.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLIE'S STREET — MORNING
text: Peggy walks down a residential street, much like her
text: parents'. She stops when she sees Charlie's car parked in a
text: driveway, and leans against a tree next to his car. Moments
text: later, Charlie exits his house, a dog trailing behind him.
text: The dog runs up to Peggy. Charlie is wary and distant.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What're you doing here?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I wanted to talk to you, and I have
dialog: one last thing to take care of at
dialog: school. Then I'm going to...
dialog: (pats dog)
dialog: Good dog, Rusty. Good dog.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Rusty's dead. That's Ajax
text: Charlie throws a stick. Ajax chases it, never comes back.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh. I guess I always liked Rusty
dialog: better.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Could you give me a ride to school?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sorry, the Blue Thunder's out of
dialog: commission for a while.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Well, how about a walk, Charlie
dialog: Bell..
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How'd you know about that?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I was at Lena's last night. You
dialog: were terrific.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Not terrific enough. What were you
dialog: doing in that part of town? Who
dialog: were you with?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What were You doing there? You
dialog: never told me you were singing with
text: an R and B group.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey. I guess there's a lot of
dialog: things we don't know about each
dialog: other.
text: Charlie and Peggy walking.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'd forgotten how much music meant
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's real big of you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Stop being defensive. I want to
dialog: help you. I wrote a song for you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're kidding. You wrote a song?
dialog: Is it about a guilty girl and a
dialog: trusting guy... she wants to hurt
dialog: him, and he wonders why?
text: Peggy takes a piece of paper from her purse.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Not exactly, but with your great
dialog: voice, it'll be a huge hit. Honest.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Fat chance. You know, Lee Wilkins
dialog: came to hear me last night. He told
dialog: me to forget it. You told me to
dialog: forget it. My parents tell me to
dialog: forget it.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Just take a look at it.
dialog: (hands him the lyric)
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: If you took the trouble to write
dialog: it, then sure, I'll take a look at
dialog: it. But I'm beginning to think that
dialog: maybe there's more to life than
dialog: music. I wonder if people would
dialog: still like me if I stopped being
dialog: Mr. Excitement?
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY
text: Peggy and Charlie stand by their open locker.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Does this mean you like me again?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It means I care about you and what
dialog: happens to you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's all I wanted to hear. 'Cause
dialog: I'm never going to give up on us.
dialog: It's easy to fall apart in a
dialog: crisis. It's easy to be selfish and
dialog: say goodbye and good luck. But this
dialog: is more than love. This is a mental
dialog: decision. Just wait till tomorrow,
dialog: when you see your birthday present.
dialog: Then you'll understand.
text: Charlie walks away as Peggy reaches into the locker for her
dialog: books.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Peggy, I have to talk to you.
text: Peggy turns to Carol. They walk down the hallway together.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: It's that jerk Walter.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: After Charlie told Walter that he
dialog: broke up with you because he wanted
dialog: to play the field, Walter decided
dialog: he should do the same thing.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Welcome to the singles' scene.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What a I going to do for the rest
dialog: of my life? I don't have a
dialog: boyfriend anymore.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Look, Carol, maybe Walter's done
dialog: you a big favor. You always said
dialog: you wanted to get out of town. Go
dialog: for it. And be happy, goddamnit,
dialog: I'm rooting for you.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Walter walks up to Charlie.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Hey Charlie, what do you think of
dialog: this?
text: Walter does a totally demented dance step, finishing by
text: strumming his leg like a guitar. He stands there grinning.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Walter, maybe you should be a
dialog: dentist.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM
text: Peggy sits at her desk, organizing her books. We hear the end
text: of the ANNOUNCEMENTS over the P.A. SYSTEM.
speaker_heading: MR. MOSEY (V.0.)
dialog: And finally, our heartiest
dialog: congratulations to our girls diving
dialog: team for placing second in the
dialog: county finals last Friday. And a
dialog: special accolade to Rosalie Testa
dialog: who placed first in every one of
dialog: her events. We're proud of you,
dialog: Rosalie.
text: Everybody turns toward Rosalie and applauds. Peggy turns to
text: Rosalie, trembling. The BELL RINGS as the class starts to
text: leave, still crowded around Rosalie. Peggy stares after her,
text: frozen in her seat Dolores approaches.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: What's the matter, princess? Lost
dialog: your prince?
text: Peggy looks up at Dolores and starts to seethe. She stands up
text: slowly and faces Dolores.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You know Dolores, there's a lot of
dialog: things I could say to you, but
dialog: you're not worth the effort.
text: Peggy reaches down to	up her books. On the top of the pile is
text: an open fountain pen, which she picks up, pul1ing the release
text: lever, squirting ink all over Dolores's dress. Dolores drops
text: her books, looks down at her dress, horrified.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Sorry. These fountain pens are so
dialog: tricky.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Oh! You did that on purpose! I hate
dialog: you. Go gargle with razor blades!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
text: Take a long walk on a short pier.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Have a nice day.
scene_heading: INT. GIRLS' LOCKER ROOM
text: Peggy sits disconsolate on a bench, watching the other girls
text: changing into their swim suits. Rosalie is in the shower
text: room, wetting down her suit. She accepts congratulations from
text: a number of the girls. The BELL RINGS as the girls begin to
text: exit to the pool.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Rosalie! Wait!
text: Rosalie turns at the door, smiling. They are alone.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I think you should give up diving.
dialog: It's dangerous.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: Don't be silly, I'm the best in
dialog: the county.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I know you are, but you have to
dialog: stop. I couldn't tell you before,
dialog: I didn't know if I should. But you
dialog: have to stop before you hurt
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: I spend three hours a day
dialog: practicing. I have trainers, I know
dialog: what I'm doing.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: But accidents can happen.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: Not to me they don't. I'm going to
dialog: win the State, then the. Nationals,
dialog: and then I'm going to the Olympics.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Rosalie, please, listen to me! You
dialog: have to stop.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: You're sick. You should go to the
dialog: nurse. I'm going to tell Miss
dialog: Dennis.
text: Rosalie exits into the pool area. Peggy feels helpless.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Peggy walks down the hall, a set of double doors, leading to
text: the pool, just ahead of her through them she sees Rosalie
text: diving through the air with the careless innocence of youth.
text: Burdened with the inevitability of it all, she rushes through
text: the hall, and is stopped by Richard.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It's all, gone wrong, nothing's
dialog: working out.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Not true. I think I'm making real
text: progress on the microchip.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You were meant to. You're one of
dialog: those fortunate people that good
dialog: things happen to. I have to get out
dialog: of here.
text: She starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Peggy, I believe you. I believe
dialog: everything you told me. It's
dialog: wonderful. You're the exception
dialog: that proves the rule.
text: She kisses him on the forehead.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I love you too, Richard. Thanks for
dialog: trying.
text: She continues down the hallway.
scene_heading: EXT. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Peggy heads out the door, sees Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, Peggy. Wait a minute.
text: Peggy stops on the landing. Charlie joins her, so eager. He
text: doesn't notice how distraught she is.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I cut shop and did some work on
dialog: your song. You know, it's not half
dialog: bad for your first try. Of course,
dialog: I changed all the "yeahs" to
dialog: "oohs". Listen to this.
text: Charlie begins to sing an R&amp;B version of SHE LOVES YOU.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Forget it, it'll never work.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay. Listen, I cancelled the
dialog: tickets for Fabian. I thought it
dialog: would be better for your birthday
dialog: to eat at a nice restaurant, Chez
dialog: Tres.
text: Walter, Arthur, Maddy and Carol watch as Peggy runs away.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BUS OR TRAIN - HIGHWAY
text: INTERCUT the bus, Peggy looking out the window, the rural
text: scenery: pastures, barns, etc., the other passengers.
scene_heading: EXT. STATION
text: Peggy's grandparents, ELIZABETH and BARNEY ALVORG , wait in
text: the front of the station.
scene_heading: INT. BUS
text: Peggy sees her grandparents waiting for her. She grips the
text: window rail tightly, trying to hold herself together.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
text: Everybody gettin' off at Dumont.
dialog: Here we are.
text: Peggy stands and reaches above to take down her suitcase.
text: Nervous, she drops it. A MAN, getting off the bus, helps her,
text: picking it up.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: No trouble at all.
text: The man gets off the bus.
scene_heading: EXT. GENERAL STORE
text: Peggy stands at the door of the bus, hesitant. Elizabeth and
text: Barney approach the bus, waving and smiling up at her.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Hello, Lilla!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Peggy Sue!
text: Peggy slowly walks down the steps, moved to tears. She
text: approaches her grandparents and drops her suitcases. She hugs
text: them tightly. The bus door closes and the bus pulls away
text: behind them.
scene_heading: INT. CAR — DRIVING
text: Barney is behind the wheel of a 1951 Plymouth. Elizabeth is
text: in front, Peggy curled up in the back, regressing.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Quite a bit more rain than usual
dialog: this year. I hope it doesn't spoil
dialog: the rhubarb.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I've already got some in. I was
dialog: thinking of making a pie for dinner
dialog: tonight.
dialog: (turning around to Peggy)
dialog: How would you like that?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (like a little girl)
dialog: Fine.
dialog: (beat) )
dialog: Grandma, would you teach me how to
dialog: make strudel?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That's a day's work. But if that's
dialog: what you want, maybe we can do it
dialog: tomorrow for your birthday.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Peggy and Elizabeth finish up the dishes, chatting.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: A fire blazes in the fireplace. A grandfather clock stands
text: prominently in the room. The clock from Peggy's house.
text: Peggy sits with Elizabeth, learning how to knit. Barney
text: laughs at "The Burns and Allen Show" on TV.
text: Suddenly, Peggy places her hand over her heart and shivers
dialog: with fear.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: What's the matter, Lilla? Somebody
dialog: jump on your grave?
text: Peggy shivers again and shakes her head.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: Barney reading. Elizabeth enters, carrying a tray with cups
text: of cocoa. They each take a cup.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You know, Peggy Sue, your mother
dialog: said you had a dream that I died.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I wish she hadn't.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm not afraid. I know exactly when
dialog: I'm going to die.
text: Peggy is perplexed by her grandmother's apparent lack of
dialog: fear.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: What's it going to be, Elizabeth?
dialog: Seventy—five? Eighty?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm not telling.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I've been trying to drag it out of
dialog: her for years.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, dreams are fascinating
dialog: business. 'Specially where you see
dialog: the future.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Do you believe in all of that?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Well, I like to speculate. This
dialog: book I'm reading right now, a woman
dialog: in Colorado says she lived in
dialog: Ireland a hundred and fifty years
dialog: ago. Her name was Bridey Murphy-
dialog: and she gives names and dates and
dialog: where she lived. She was
dialog: hypnotized. Big bestseller.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I remember that book!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Grandpa, Grandma, I want to tell
dialog: you something.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE KITCHEN — DAY
text: Peggy and Elizabeth are making strudel.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: If you believe it, darling, then I
dialog: believe. Being young can be just
dialog: as confusing as being old. The
dialog: things that happened to me fifty
dialog: years ago are more on my mind than
dialog: what happened yesterday.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: But I'm remembering the future.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Right now you're just browsing
dialog: through time. Choose the things
dialog: you'll be proud of. The things that
dialog: Last.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: My children make me happy. I miss
dialog: them so much.
dialog: (beat)
text: Beth. Scott and Beth.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm going to name my daughter after
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE DRIVEWAY — DUSK
text: Peggy and Barney are washing the car at a standpipe, two
text: hundred feet from the house.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: It's gonna rain again. Every
dialog: time I wash the car, it rains.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: That never changes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, when you and Grandma are
dialog: gone, the family's gone. I never
dialog: see the cousins anymore.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: It's your grandma's strudel that's
dialog: kept this family together.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Grandpa, if you had a chance to do
dialog: it all again, what would you do?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (jawing)
dialog: I'd take better care of my teeth.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Elizabeth is tying Barney's bow tie. Peggy is sitting with a
text: jacket on.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What's Peggy Sue going to do at
dialog: your lodge meeting?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: It's her 18th birthday, I want to
dialog: show her off.
text: Barney turns and winks at Peggy.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It was my idea, Grandma. I always
dialog: wondered what went on at those
dialog: lodge meetings.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: He won't tell me, but I've got my
dialog: suspicions. And I don't want any of
dialog: that. Don't keep her out late.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (hugging Elizabeth)
dialog: Good—bye, Grandma.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Have a good time.
text: Barney and Peggy open the door and exit.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE DRIVEWAY
text: Peggy and Barney approach the car.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What does Grandma think you do at
dialog: your meetings?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Stag movies. Smokers.
text: Peggy chuckles as they get into the car. The car proceeds
text: along the driveway and turns onto the highway.
scene_heading: INT. CAR — DRIVING
text: Barney is at the wheel.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I may be an old fool, but I think
dialog: we can help you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I hope so. At least I got to see
dialog: you and Grandma.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Has it ever worked before?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: The last one was six hundred years
dialog: ago. It's about time for another
dialog: one.
scene_heading: INT. LODGE - NIGHT
text: A one—story, pitch—roof building. The sign over the entrance
text: reads.: THE ORDER OF THE GOLDEN DAWN. Underneath the sign is
text: a logo of a spreading sunrise. Peggy and Barney pull up to
text: the front, exit the car and enter the building.
scene_heading: INT. LODGE — ANTEROOM
text: Thirty old men are congregating around the cloak room. Most
text: are already dressed in long, purple robes with the sunrise
text: logo over their hearts. They either wear or carry tri—corner
text: hats. Peggy and Barney enter. Several men approach them.
text: Peggy nervously clings to Barney' s arm.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Welcome, Peggy Sue. It's nice to
dialog: have you with us.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You know, you're a lucky girl. You
dialog: could lay a bear trap in the aisle
dialog: of the cathedral and never catch a
dialog: better man than your grandfather.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Ah... thank you.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Let me take your jacket, Lilla.
dialog: I've got, to get my robe.
text: Peggy hands him her jacket as he heads over to the cloak,
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: You know, this is very exciting for
dialog: all of us.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: We've been waiting a long time for
dialog: someone like you.
text: Barney rejoins them, wearing his hat and robe. The group
text: begins to enter the main room.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Do you have to wear that hat?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: It wouldn't be a lodge without
dialog: hats.
text: Barney takes her hand and squeezes it. They walk slowly
text: through the doorway.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Don't you worry. I'll be watching
dialog: after you.
scene_heading: INT. LODGE — MAIN ROOM
text: A large meeting hall. The room is draped, and brightly lit
text: with fluorescent lights. At one end sits a large, gold—
text: painted wood throne. On either side are large candle holders,
text: with lit candles. A small table serves as an altar in front
text: of the platform. On a footstool is a potted plane with an
text: artificial bird perched on its top. The throne and altar look
text: like a set left over from a summer stock "Macbeth".
text: Peggy and Barney enter. Several men lead Peggy away from
text: Barney to the throne. One man places a go1den cape around her
text: shoulders. They lead her up the platform to the throne.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hey, George. Get the lights.
text: The LIGHTS are DIMMED. The room is lit by the candles.
text: The men form a semi—circle around Peggy. Old men at the end
text: of their lives, they are serious and passionate about the
text: possibilities of life beyond this world. One by one, four men
text: from either end of the line approach the altar with
text: offerings: a cup of wine; an egg; a gold coin; and a rose.
text: The men rejoin the line.
text: LEO COOPER, a tall, white—haired man, takes two steps
text: forward. The other men begin to sing a Gregorian chant.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (to Peggy)
dialog: Are you ready, dear?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Leo steps back, closes his eyes and spreads his arms.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Fasten your seat belts. Here we go.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Lord of the Universe, Vast and
dialog: Mighty One. Ruler of Light, King
dialog: of~ the sun. Creator of earth, air,
text: fire and water.
dialog: (kneeling down)
dialog: We adore thee and invoke thee!
dialog: Grant thine aid.
dialog: Look with favor upon us as we
dialog: witness the regeneration of man. We
dialog: behold the innocent endeavors of
dialog: single—minded men and women. For we
dialog: are the company of unbodied souls
dialog: and immortal angels. We ask thy
dialog: intervention, that this girl may
dialog: return to thee on the wings of your
dialog: Love.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: This is never going to work.
text: The old men form a circle in front of Peggy. They begin to
text: circumambulate east to west, intoning together, their heads
text: bowed. As Barney passes in front of Peggy, he winks at her.
text: She smiles back.
speaker_heading: MEN
dialog: Fount of life, Chariot of the
dialog: Spirit, Womb of the Mother, reclaim
dialog: thy child of light.
text: We HEAR a clap of distant THUNDER. Peggy trembles. The
text: artificial bird falls off the plant. Peggy is struck with
text: amazement. She begins to glow, poised to take off. The men
dialog: continue to chant while:
speaker_heading: LEO (O.S.)
dialog: The name of your love is sacrifice.
dialog: We offer up this girl, that her
dialog: soul may find its home.
text: Suddenly a door is opened, a gust of wind pours in and
text: extinguishes the candles, plunging the hall into darkness.
speaker_heading: LEO (0.S.)
dialog: Nothing to worry about. Somebody
dialog: get the lights.
text: The LIGHTS are TURNED ON. All the men look to the throne.
text: Peggy is gone. They are speechless for a couple of beats.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (chipper)
dialog: Well, the girl's gone. Let's play
dialog: some poker.
text: CLOSE ON BARNEY — He smiles, happy that she made it. George
text: crosses to the wall, reaches behind the drapes and presses a
text: button. The wall slides open to reveal a fully—equipped card
text: room. The men shuffle in.
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND THE LODGE
text: Charlie carries Peggy off towards his car, one hand covering
text: her mouth. Peggy struggles. When they reach the car, he puts
text: her down. She's still wrapped in her golden robe.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What the hell did you do that for?
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I was trying to save you. They were
dialog: going to vaporize you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Don't be ridiculous! They're just a
dialog: bunch of harmless old men. My
dialog: grandfather was in there.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're going to listen to me.
text: Charlie tries to Lead Peggy into the car.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm not getting in that blue
text: monstrosity.
text: Charlie pushes her inside, Peggy climbs back out. Charlie
text: takes her hand and drags her up a hill behind the lodge hall.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Let me got! Where are you taking
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Right here. Now sit down.
text: Charlie sits her down on the ground. She's impatient and
text: hopping mad.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Look. I wanna tell you. I forgive
dialog: you for everything. I know what
dialog: you've been going through. You're
dialog: just scared. I was scared, too, but
dialog: I'm not anymore.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: How could you possibly know what
dialog: I've been going through?
text: Thunder and lightning. It starts to rain.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Because I love you, damnit! I had a
dialog: long talk with your father
dialog: yesterday and we decided that the
dialog: best thing for us to do is get
dialog: married and settle down. Right
dialog: away.
text: Peggy jumps up, exploding to Charlie.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What do you mean you and my father
dialog: decided? Who the hell are you to
dialog: plan my life? Let's get married and
dialog: live happily ever after. Bullshit.
dialog: I got knocked up. I had to marry
dialog: you. I never had a choice.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You betrayed me, Charlie. You were
dialog: never there for me or the children.
dialog: And now you come and tell me,
dialog: "Peggy, you're scared." Of course
dialog: I'm scared. If you knew what I knew
dialog: you'd be scared shitless.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're crazy! You're really out of
dialog: your mind!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I might be crazy, but I'm not crazy
dialog: enough to marry you twice. There's
dialog: a lot of things I can't change. I
dialog: can't even think about them. I
dialog: tried. But I couldn't even help
dialog: Rosalie.
dialog: (tears start)
dialog: I don't want to be bitter. I'm a
dialog: naturally optimistic person. But
dialog: you took advantage of that.
text: Charlie bends down to comfort her, in tears. He hugs Peggy
text: and strokes her hair.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, Peggy. My poor Peggy. It's all
dialog: my fault. I'm so sorry. I won't
dialog: bother you anymore. I promise.
dialog: Please stop crying. Please.
text: Peggy starts to compose herself.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Will you take me back to my
dialog: grandparents?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Of course.
text: Charlie helps her up. Be reaches into his pocket and takes
text: out a small box, handing it to Peggy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's almost your birthday. I wasn't
dialog: sure when you were coming back, so
dialog: I brought your present up here.
text: With a slow, growing remembrance, Peggy opens the box. Inside
text: is the gold locket Peggy was wearing at the reunion.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (anguished)
dialog: Oh, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: It opens, too. Look inside.
text: Peggy opens the locket. She shivers with recognition.
scene_heading: INSERT - LOCKET
text: Two photos, one of Peggy, one of Charlie, as children.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Scott and Beth. Where did you get
dialog: these?
speaker_heading: CHARM E
dialog: Who's Scott and Beth? Your mother
dialog: gave me our picture. That's you and
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: So are Scott and Beth.
text: Peggy leans into Charlie, throwing her arms around him,
text: holding on for dear life. She looks up at him, their
text: foreheads touching.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I know.
text: Charlie kisses her, passionately. The locket drops to the
text: ground. HOLD on the locket, and...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. ON THE HILL - LATER
text: Charlie and Peggy are lying on the ground, gazing up. A flash
text: of lightning streaks across the sky.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I think we should get out of here.
dialog: It's going to rain.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (musing)
dialog: Do you think anybody in the Fifties
dialog: ever made love on a bed?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What the hell is that?
text: Flying high above them is an enormous, glowing, liquid neon
text: kite. The center of the kite inscribed in lights, flashing
text: like a marquee: HAPPY BIRTHDAY PEGGY SUE.
text: The kite begins to descend towards them. Peggy jumps to her
text: feet and races towards it. She grabs the tail and starts to
text: sail away with the kite. Charlie chases after her.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Peggy! Where're you going? Come
dialog: back!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I've got to go now.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But I love you. I'll love you
dialog: forever.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'll love you, too, Charlie. I'll
dialog: love you for twenty years.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Come back to me.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm trying.
text: As Charlie watches helplessly, a huge bolt of lightning
text: strikes his car. Peggy smiles. The men from the lodge run
text: outside. They look up and above the blazing car and see Peggy
text: floating away. Peggy sees her grandfather in the crowd and
text: blows him a kiss. Charlie begins to run, following the kite
text: cord to its source. He finds Richard, struggling to restrain
text: the runaway kite.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Richard, do something!
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I can't! It's out of control!
text: Suddenly the cord breaks. Peggy floats away.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Peggy!
text: Charlie, Richard and the old men behold Peggy, bobbing and
text: dipping playfully in the sky. We begin to HEAR Charlie's
text: VOICE singing "Peggy Sue" O.S. Peggy looks down with wonder
text: at the earth, and then like a comet, soars into the
text: blackness. In an instant she becomes a star.
speaker_heading: FINAL SCENE
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE/OPTICAL
scene_heading: HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Moving from two to C.U. Peggy, fragments of the reunion, the
text: cake coming towards her, fragments of words in echo effect:
dialog: 'Your heart stopped for a while..." Father's voice:
dialog: 'You're a very lucky young lady...' Doctor: 'A (explain) of
text: the head...' Mom's voice: 'But you're going to be all right
dialog: now, the paramedics got there...' Mom, 'We were so
dialog: worried..."
text: Echoing of, until once voice is left. Charlie. Sitting
text: opposite her bed, as he has been every minute of her illness.
text: He looks wan and old, worried sick, but trying to sing 'Peggy
dialog: Sue' for her.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: (singing softly).
dialog: Peggy Sue, I love you, and I need
dialog: you Peggy Sue...
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Charlie? Was I dead?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I thought you were...for a while.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (affectionately)
dialog: You look awful, like you haven't
dialog: slept in days. And so old.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: But happy. Very happy, Peggy Sue.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Charlie, I thought I knew
dialog: everything about you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I wanted to apologize. I can't live
dialog: without you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What about Janet?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's over. I got tired of
dialog: translating everything. She thought
dialog: the Big Hopper was a hamburger.
text: Charlie laughs uncomfortably and Peggy Sue looks around her
dialog: hospital room.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Who are all the flowers from?
text: Charlie pushes himself out of his chair and moves toward the
dialog: dresser.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Everyone. Maddie and Arthur, Carol
dialog: and Walter. Richard Norvick. And
dialog: here's a book, by that guy from
text: high school, Michael Fitzsimmons.
dialog: He dedicated it to you.
text: Charlie returns to Peggy's bedside and opens the front cover
dialog: of the book.
text: ANGLE ON BOOK: the front page bears the title "The Pilgrim
text: Soul" and the dedication reads "to Peggy Sue and a Starry
dialog: Night".
text: Peggy smiles but shakes her head.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It couldn't be me. I hardly knew
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'll just set it right here.
text: He places the book on her bedside table as he sits back down.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Charlie, I had a strange
dialog: experience. I went back to high
dialog: school. And I spent a lot of time
dialog: with you. And you and Walter and
dialog: Leon were singing "I Wonder Why".
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, God, Dion.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You were terrific. And I kept
dialog: trying to push you away but you
dialog: wouldn't give up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'll never give up.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Then hold me.
text: He holds her hand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I loved you since the day I met
dialog: you, and I haven't stopped.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Don't try to charm me, Charlie
dialog: Bodell.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Listen, I don't expect all the
dialog: troubles between us can just vanish
dialog: away. But I would do what I can...
speaker_heading: PIGGY
dialog: Charlie, please, I need some time.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, I'll let you get some
dialog: rest...so long.
text: The VIEW PULLS BACK past the flowers. Charlie starts to exit.
text: Checks himself in the mirror.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Charlie, I would like to invite you
dialog: to dinner at home, on Sunday, with
dialog: your kids. I will make a strudel.
text: He hurries back to her, kisses her again.
text: They hang on to each other as Beth enters the room.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: PEGGY AND RICHARD SCENE
dialog: To be inserted after Dolores/Peggy scene and to replace the
text: goodbye to Richard scene.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL LIBRARY - DAY
text: Empty except for Richard who sits alone in a study warren,
text: surrounded by books. Peggy approaches. Be puts down the book
text: he's reading. He smiles.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You know, Peggy, there's so many
dialog: things to look forward to in the
dialog: future.
text: Peggy leans over and kisses him, sadly, on the forehead.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I came to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Goodbye? Where're you going? What
dialog: about our partnership? I'm making
text: real progress with the microchip.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You were meant to You're one of
dialog: those fortunate people that good
dialog: things happen to.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: So are you. You've got a vision.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (manic)
dialog: Vision? I'm a walking anachronism!
dialog: I've upset my parents. I miss my
dialog: kids. I could be trapped here
dialog: forever! And poor Charlie...I got
dialog: pregnant on my 18th birthday and we
dialog: had to get married. Tomorrow's my
dialog: birthday! I've got to get out of
dialog: here now.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Did you break up with Charlie?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yeah, yeah. I'm taking a big
dialog: gamble. I've loved him for a long,
dialog: long time.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Okay. Why don't we do something
dialog: visionary. Change your destiny,
dialog: Peggy Sue. Change your destiny and
dialog: marry me.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (slamming down book)
dialog: No! No! No! Peggy Sue got married!
dialog: Case closed. I don't want to marry
dialog: anybody. Goodbye Richard.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Wait! I'll go with you!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You can't. You're going to
dialog: be Valedictorian.
dialog: 
