dialog: 
speaker_heading: PET SEMATARY II
dialog: An Original screenplay by Richard Outten
dialog: Revised by David S. Goyer
dialog: Based upon characters created by Stephen King
speaker_heading: THIRD DRAFT
speaker_heading: Revised 1/6/91
scene_heading: "PET SEMATARY II"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. LEMARCHE CASTLE, TOMB - NIGHT (1865)
text: A storm is raging outside. We hear the clap and roll of THUNDER.
scene_heading: TOMB STAIRWAY -
text: RATS scurry away down the scum-covered steps as the GLOW OF A
text: LANTERN and FOOTSTEPS herald someone's arrival...
speaker_heading: GENVIEVE LEMARCHE
text: emerges around the bend. Mid-30s. Cultured beauty. Her dress and
text: face are smeared with grime and... is that blood we see too? God
dialog: only knows what's happened to her.
text: Genvieve ducks under a monstrous cobweb as she passes an open
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: WINDOW
text: LIGHTNING streaks across the night sky outside. We catch a glimpse
text: of the MOON disappearing behind the clouds.
text: Genvieve reaches the bottom of the stairs. The tomb itself.
text: Water trickles in through cracks in the lichen-covered walls,
text: pooling on the tomb floor.
text: Genvieve moves forward, her lantern throwing distorted shadows
dialog: over everything...
text: In front of her is Anton LeMarche's stone sarcophagus.
text: Genvieve kneels in the water, one hand resting on the spiked iron
text: railing which surrounds the tomb. She reaches the other hand
text: towards a scum-covered plaque, brushing the grime away...
text: THUNDER and LIGHTNING reach a crescendo as...
text: A SKELETAL HAND rises out of the water, reaching for her.
text: Genvieve SCREAMS. The lantern falls from her grasp, sputtering
text: out. The hand reaches for her arm and inadvertently clutches her
dialog: breast instead...
text: Genvieve starts to laugh hysterically.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (O.S.)
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Cut! Thank you, Renee. Can we
dialog: throw some light on the set?
speaker_heading: GENVIEVE
dialog: I'm sorry...
text: Suddenly it is lighter. Genvieve can't stop laughing. The groping
text: monster hand disappears back beneath the water.
scene_heading: WE PULL BACK, REVEALING -
text: It's not 1865. The LeMarche Castle tomb is in fact, a 90s movie
text: set. We are inside a soundstage, on a raised set, so the slugline
dialog: should really read...
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE, LEMARCHE CASTLE TOMB SET -
text: A FILM CREW scurries about. Everyone is LAUGHING now. The DIRECTOR
text: sits to the right. He and the DP are already huddled over the
text: video-assist monitor. We see the previous scene rewinding at high-
dialog: speed.
text: The FIRST A.D. moves in.
speaker_heading: FIRST A.D.
text: Water in the pool's running low,
dialog: fill her up!
text: Crewmembers move towards the set.
text: An SFX PUPPETEER (i.e., the skeletal arm) crawls out from under,
text: followed by an ELECTRICIAN.
speaker_heading: PUPPETEER
dialog: I can't see shit down there! I'm
dialog: working blind!
scene_heading: GENVIEVE/THE ACTRESS
text: rises out of the water. Her name is actually RENEE HALLOW and her
text: beauty is undeniable, even in such a disheveled state.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: This is great, I could've spent
dialog: four months on a romantic comedy
dialog: with Warren Beatty, and instead,
dialog: I've got a horny zombie trying to
dialog: cop a feel!
text: The crew members LAUGH. She's well-liked on the set. Renee grins.
text: Wardrobe and make-up personnel move in to adjust Renee's
dialog: appearance.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: Uhgh, there's water everywhere...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can I get a cigarette?
text: The MAKE-UP GIRL pulls a pack of cigarettes from her fanny-pack
text: and offers Renee one. In a flash, a P.A. appears with a lighter.
text: Renee mumbles "thanks" as she fires up. She squints her eyes,
text: trying to see past the set lights.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Geoff?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Anybody see my boy?
speaker_heading: GEOFF (O.S.)
dialog: Right here, Mom...
text: GEOFF MATTHEWS, Renee's 12 year-old son steps into view. Renee's
text: face lights up when she sees him.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: How long have you been here?
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Couple minutes. I saw the last
dialog: shot. That was pretty cool.
text: Renee grimaces as the make-up girl spritzes her face with a spray-
dialog: bottle.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: (casually)
dialog: How did it go with your father
dialog: last night?
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Good. He said he'd be over for
dialog: dinner at eight...
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: I mean... he misses you, Mom...
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: I miss him too...
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I just don't want you to get your
dialog: hopes up, okay? We're trying to
dialog: work things out, but...
text: Her voice trails off.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: I know, Mom.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: (affectionate)
dialog: You know everything, don't you?
text: Renee and Geoff are interrupted by a CREWMEMBER who's spraying
text: "atmosphere" about the set with a hand-held smoke machine. Renee
text: coughs.
text: Off-set, the FIRST A.D. is trying to get the show on the road.
speaker_heading: FIRST A.D.
dialog: Okay, people! Quiet! We're going
dialog: to try this another time!
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Guess it's showtime.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: Yep.
text: Renee kisses Geoff on the forehead. He takes the cigarette from
text: her and moves off the set, standing near the camera.
text: The director turns back toward Renee.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Alright, Renee. Last time. I
dialog: promise. We nail this and you
dialog: won't have to do this ever again.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: That's what you said the first
dialog: time...
text: Renee turns and heads back toward the stairs. A P.A. hands her a
text: new lantern. As she reaches the stairs, the house lights dim,
text: creating the proper atmosphere once again.
scene_heading: UNDER THE SET -
text: The puppeteer gets ready. It's cramped. The electrician checks a
dialog: power box connection.
text: The director nods to the camera operator.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Rolling. Speed...
speaker_heading: SLATE BOY
text: "Castle of Terror." Scene 69A.
dialog: Take thirteen.
text: The slate comes down.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Action!
text: The scene replays itself as before, only now we're watching the
text: action from multiple viewpoints.
text: We start on the video assist monitor, then move up to...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
text: He grins as he watches the scene unfold.
speaker_heading: ON THE SET
text: Renee has reached the sarcophagus. LIGHTNING flashes. The skeleton
text: hand bursts up, grabbing Renee's arm. The scene continues past the
dialog: original point of interruption.
scene_heading: UNDER THE SET -
text: We see an undetected LEAK. Water drips down. The puppeteer shifts
text: position, struggling, and...
text: ...knocks over the power box which SPARKS just as...
speaker_heading: ABOVE -
text: Renee/Genvieve grabs the iron railing with both hands.
text: Electricity surges through Renee. Her body jerks and writhes like
text: some nightmarish marionette.
scene_heading: UNDER THE SET -
text: The electrician drags the puppeteer back. Sparks fly.
speaker_heading: ELECTRICIAN
dialog: Jesus! We've crossed over into
dialog: 220! Shut down the generator!
speaker_heading: ABOVE -
text: Crewmembers SCREAM and scramble back...
text: All the circuits are blowing, lights EXPLODING and showering
text: sparks over the whole set. This is not part of the movie.
speaker_heading: RENEE
text: It's awful. She shakes, her SMOKING HANDS frozen to the iron
text: railing by the electricity running through her...
text: Suddenly, Renee falls forward against the iron. Her face begins to
text: SMOKE AND SINGE...
text: The lights CONTINUE TO BLOW, casting a strobic effect over the
text: soundstage, adding to the chaos.
speaker_heading: ON GEOFF
text: As he witnesses the whole event. He tries to rush forward, but
text: someone restrains him...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Mom!!!!
text: Suddenly all the circuits in the stage are blown and the LIGHTS GO
text: OUT. Renee slumps back into the water, smoke trailing up from her
dialog: still form. And we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED (SCENES 2 THRU 2J)
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING ROOM - DAY
text: An aged GOLDEN RETRIEVER is on the surgical table. CHASE MATTHEWS,
text: D.V.M., gently strokes the dog's fur. He's good with the dog. He's
text: kind. The retriever's owners: a MOTHER and her SON, look on.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: I think this is probably for the
dialog: best. He's a very old dog. He
text: has arthritis. He has cataracts
text: in his eyes...
text: Chase looks at the mother. He's always hated this part.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: He's had a good life...
dialog: (to dog)
dialog: ...haven't you, boy?
speaker_heading: INTERCOM
dialog: Doctor Matthews, your son is on
dialog: line one. He says it's an
dialog: emergency...
text: Chase breaks concentration, pulling his eyes away from the mother
dialog: and son.
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE, LEMARCHE CASTLE TOMB SET -
text: A blur of activity converges on the movie set. A TRIO OF
text: PARAMEDICS. A FIRE OFFICIAL. A POLICE OFFICER. Medical equipment.
text: Horrified crewmembers watch on, helpless.
text: WE STAY ON Geoff, momentarily blocked out and then revealed again
text: and again, amidst the commotion of paramedics scrambling to save
text: Renee. The director has his hand on Geoff's shoulder.
text: Geoff's eyes dart about, taking it all in. Things are happening
dialog: very fast:
text: --Renee's hand is lifted. Someone checking her pulse. --Her
text: eyelids parted. A pen light flashing at her fixed pupils.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1 (O.S.)
dialog: Run me down a line of normal
text: saline.
text: --An I.V. needle plunges into the inside of Renee's elbow. --A
text: syringe injects into the I.V. post.
text: --Hands hook up a life-pack monitor. Renee's dress is torn away.
text: Electrodes press to bare skin. --The monitor screen blinks to
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC (O.S.)
text: We have a bradycardic rhythm at
dialog: 30.
text: --Another PARAMEDIC dials out on a cellular phone, to the
dialog: consulting physician.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #3 (O.S.)
dialog: White female. Approximately
text: thirty five years old.
dialog: Electrocution...
text: --A clear tube is inserted down her throat. --The monitor shows
text: erratic heartbeat.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #2 (O.S.)
dialog: She's in V-fib.
text: --There's a renewed urgency even amidst their rush.
text: --Defibrillator paddles are pressed to her chest.
text: Geoff looks to the monitor as...
dialog: --It goes to flatline.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC (O.S.)
dialog: Clear.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: No...
text: Geoff moves forward, pulling away from the director. The police
text: officer moves in and intercepts Geoff, turning the boy away.
text: Geoff's eyes fix on the monitor. An unbending flatline...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: You have to bring her back...
text: Chase rushes onto the set, pushing past crewmembers. He freezes at
text: the sight of the horrific commotion around Renee's still form.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Oh Jesus...
text: Chase's gaze connects with his son.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (helpless)
dialog: Dad...
text: We pull back from Geoff, Chase, and the commotion around Renee.
text: Farther and farther as the darkness around the set begins to close
dialog: in...
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1 (O.S.)
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: We're losing her...
dialog: Darkness everywhere and we
speaker_heading: 5 OMITTED
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 9G OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. A DREAMLIKE FOG
text: A form drifts forward, materializing out of the fog.
text: It's a CASKET. Appearing as if it's floating among the clouds.
text: PULLING BACK, WE SEE that it's moving along A CONVEYOR. AND NOW,
text: WE CAN make out the faint form of A PLANE as the conveyor descends
text: from the cargo compartment.
text: The casket reaches the end of the conveyor. A tag marks its final
text: destination: Bangor, Maine. HANDS reach in and lift the casket.
text: FOUR BAGGAGE HANDLERS hoist the casket up onto their shoulders and
dialog: carry it off.
speaker_heading: HANDLER #1
dialog: Is it true she grew up around
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: HANDLER #2
dialog: Yeah. Over in Ludlow.
speaker_heading: HANDLER #1
dialog: Huh. Never met a movie star
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: HANDLER #3
dialog: Well you're a little late for an
dialog: autograph.
text: The baggage handlers laugh as they walk off into the distance. The
text: fog closes around them and we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLEASANTVILLE CEMETERY - DAY
text: We drift down from the gray sky to the somber scene below. Off in
text: the distance, a crowd of MOURNERS are gathered around a grave.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (V.O.)
dialog: ...I am the resurrection and the
dialog: life, saith the Lord...
speaker_heading: CLOSER -
text: THE HEADSTONE is adorned with an iron plaque. It reads, simply:
scene_heading: RENEE HALLOW MATTHEWS
dialog: 1955-1991
speaker_heading: PRIEST (V.O.)
dialog: ...She that believeth in me,
dialog: though she were dead, yet shall
dialog: she live; and whosoever liveth and
dialog: believeth in me, shall never
dialog: die...
text: THE CASKET is slowly lowered into the open grave. As it descends,
text: WE SEE Geoff and his father, Chase, standing at the forefront of
text: the crowd. Renee's grave is next to those of her parents.
text: Among the mourners is MARJORIE HARGROVE, an attractive local girl
text: in her early twenties.
text: Further down the hillside, a wall of NEWS REPORTERS are gathered
text: behind a roped-off media boundary. There is a blinding flurry of
text: PHOTO FLASHES as the press records the scene before them.
text: A SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT PATROL CAR cruises up the cemetery drive,
text: pulling to a stop near the mob of reporters.
text: Out of the car steps GUS GILBERT. Gus is nearly forty, with a
text: Sheriff's uniform fitted to his solid, ageless frame. Gruff, maybe
dialog: a little self-important: Gus likes being a big fish in a small
dialog: pond.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (drawing near)
dialog: Let's keep it back, folks.
dialog: Try to show her a little
dialog: respect...
text: A REPORTER ducks under the media boundary, moving in for a closer
dialog: shot.
text: He doesn't make it two steps before he's intercepted by Gus. Gus
text: grabs the reporter and shoves him back.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Hey! What did I just say?
text: Gus means business. One look into his eyes reveals his intense, no
text: nonsense approach.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Ass-hole...
text: The reporter backs off.
scene_heading: BACK AT THE GRAVESIDE -
text: Beneath the gloomy, ominous skies, the lines on Chase's face shade
text: him as a decade older than his thirty-five years. Chase gently
text: places a comforting hand on Geoff's shoulder.
text: Geoff inches forward, pulling free of Chase's touch. Drawn to his
text: mother, drawn from his father. The only blemishes on his youthful,
text: rosy cheeks are the tears, the endless tears.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (V.O.)
dialog: I know that my redeemer liveth,
dialog: and that he shall stand at the
text: latter day upon the earth.
text: Geoff looks upon the casket, gazing into the abyss of despair.
scene_heading: FOLLOWING THE CEREMONY
text: The crowd has dispersed.
text: Geoff is standing at the base of Renee's grave. His eyes fixed.
text: Unmoving. Unaccepting.
text: Chase is nearby, watching, not wanting to intrude on Geoff's
dialog: private moment.
text: Gus quietly moves in at Chase's side.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Did she always have reporters
dialog: following her around like this?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Pretty much so.
text: Gus glances at Geoff.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I hear you moved into town.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: I wanted to get Geoff out of
dialog: L.A. Just start things over, you
dialog: know?
text: Gus nods. Now his eyes fall on Renee's headstone.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I remember when Renee left. She
dialog: couldn't wait to get out of
dialog: Ludlow. She used to say that
dialog: life moved too slow here...
text: Chase forces a smile.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: That's Renee alright.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I suppose so.
text: The sky above seems heavy with imminent rain and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 12 OMITTED
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 15 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Lazy oaks embrace a vintage, two-story Victorian home in the rural
text: neighborhood of Ludlow, Maine. A commercial MOVING VAN is parked
text: out front.
text: Marjorie, the girl we saw at Renee's funeral, is coming down the
text: sidewalk. She checks the address on the front of the house, then
text: heads up the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: Moving boxes clutter the downstairs.
text: Chase is weaving through the maze, doing an inventory on the
dialog: boxes.
text: A sweaty PAIR OF MOVERS are climbing up the stairs. Each is
text: hunched over, with a garment box balanced on his back. The side
text: of each carton is boldly labeled: RENEE - ATTIC.
speaker_heading: MOVER (O.S.)
dialog: We've got six more of these. You
dialog: sure you want them all in the
dialog: attic?
text: Chase is contemplating a compromise when Geoff appears from the
text: kitchen doorway.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: ...Geoff, what if we just give
dialog: the clothes to Goodwill? We'll
dialog: keep the rest. Just the clothes.
text: Geoff shakes his head, firm and deliberate denial.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: You're the one who wanted to move.
dialog: Nobody would've touched them if
dialog: you didn't want to move here...
text: Chase weakens, giving in.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: All the 'Renee' boxes go in the
dialog: attic. Sorry.
text: Marjorie KNOCKS on the open frame of the front door.
text: Geoff recognizes her from his mother's funeral. She flashes him a
text: warm smile.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Hi. I'm Marjorie Hargrove. Your
dialog: new housekeeper.
text: Marjorie has a naive, friendly quality about her. She's also
text: blessed with eye-popping genetics. Standing there outside the
text: door, looking more than a little nervous... we can't help but like
dialog: her. Needless to say, she doesn't look like your typical
dialog: housekeeper.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: (re: Chase's reaction)
dialog: Is something wrong?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Uh... no. You just... look
dialog: different than you sounded on the
dialog: phone. Please, come in.
text: Marjorie enters. She grins at Geoff again. Yep. She's nervous
dialog: alright.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: I'm real excited about working
dialog: for you Mr. Matthews...
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Well we're glad to have you,
dialog: Marjorie. You can call me Chase,
dialog: by the way.
text: Marjorie passes her curious eyes over one of Renee's garment
dialog: containers.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: I've always admired Ms. Hallow.
dialog: That scene she did in Blue
text: Midnight, where her lover meets
text: her at the train station...
dialog: (she sighs)
dialog: I must've watched that movie four
dialog: times.
text: Chase smiles. Marjorie's enthusiasm is endearing.
text: Just then, one of the movers loses his grip. A garment box bounces
text: down the slope of the stairs. When it reaches the bottom, dresses
text: spill over the floor.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Oh. I'll get that...
text: Marjorie moves for the spill. The first dress she touches is a
text: beaded peach evening gown. Her fingers linger on the fabric.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: This is gorgeous. She wore this
dialog: at the Emmys, didn't she?
text: Geoff moves forward, acting overly defensive.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Hey, don't touch her stuff. It
dialog: made her crazy when people touched
dialog: her stuff.
text: Marjorie is taken aback by the oddity of Geoff's statement.
text: Chase catches her eye, shrugging apologetically.
speaker_heading: 17 OMITTED
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 19 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: A VAN is parked outside. The rear side panel is masked off with
text: tape and a stencil. Chase grabs the corner of the tape and
text: carefully peels it back, revealing a crisp, new business logo:
text: ROUND THE CLOCK ANIMAL DOC
scene_heading: MOBILE VETERINARY SERVICE
scene_heading: CHASE MATTHEWS, D.V.M.
dialog: Serving Aroostook County
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN - DAY
text: ESTABLISHING. Shops and businesses situated around a lazy town
text: square. QUiet. Relaxed. As rural as they come.
text: WE pick up Chase's van as it cruises by.
scene_heading: EXT. VETERINARY OFFICE - DAY
text: Chase pulls the van in front of an unassuming veterinary office.
text: On the door is Chase's nameplate. And on the weathered wall is an
dialog: outline of letters where the name and title "Quentin Yolander,
dialog: Doctor of Veterinary Medicine" once was.
text: Geoff is first out of the van.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM - DAY
text: Geoff and Chase move inside. The offices look like they were built
text: in the 40s. A dark corridor stretches down the center of the
text: suite. Faded green walls are solid, with few exteriors. It's
dialog: creepy in here.
text: Heavy, grey plastic curtains absorb much of the light which does
text: find its way in. Nothing looks like it's been updated in the past
dialog: fifty years.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: This doesn't look so bad...
text: Chase sweeps a curtain aside, revealing the interior to Geoff.
text: Dust swirls in the air.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: How long ago did this guy retire?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: It's been a few years.
text: Geoff takes a look around, growing uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: A few?
text: Geoff moves on down the central corridor which seems to grow
text: darker and more dismal with every step. He moves on into the
dialog: boarding room...
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING AREA - DAY
text: Rows of kennels are stacked along the walls, smothered with
text: cobwebs. Ancient, rusted surgical equipment is scattered
text: everywhere. The place is a mess. Windows are boarded up and
text: shadows cloak the room.
text: Over to the right, Geoff hears a RUSTLING.
text: A CARDBOARD BOX on one of the shelves jiggles. Something is moving
text: around inside it.
text: Geoff's eyes widen. Still, morbid curiosity propels him forward.
text: The box rustles again. He reaches for it and...
text: A CREATURE LEAPS out at him, HOWLING. Geoff SCREAMS and jumps
text: back. The box tumbles over and...
text: A CAT crawls out. Behind the protective mother, are four of the
text: cutest kittens we've ever seen, MEWING away.
text: Geoff sighs just as Chase rushes into the room.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: What's wrong?!
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Nothing. I just got spooked by a
text: bunch of furballs.
text: Inside the box is a note. Chase reaches for it. It reads: "And a
dialog: warm welcome to you."
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Great, now I've opened an
dialog: orphanage too.
text: One of the kittens pads out of the box and looks up at Geoff with
text: sleepy eyes. Her fur is striped.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Well, I'll take one. If it's
dialog: okay...
text: Geoff lifts the fragile creature, cradling it in his arms.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
text: She looks like a tiger.
text: Chase spies an old broom resting in the corner.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Tell you what, you do some
dialog: sweeping up here, and she's yours.
text: Geoff nods and Chase moves back out into the hallway.
text: Geoff sets the box back upright and lowers Tiger in with the other
text: kittens. He reaches for the broom and goes to work sweeping away
text: the cobwebs.
text: Just as soon as he turns his back, Tiger climbs the side of the
text: box, spilling over onto the floor.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM
text: Chase is unpacking a shipment of medical supplies. When he places
text: them in the cabinet, he stirs up a layer of dust.
text: Tiger scampers by as Chase coughs his way out of the cloud of
dialog: dust.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING AREA
text: Tiger sees the front door ajar. And as she approaches to explore
dialog: what lies beyond--
text: The door swings open...
text: ZOWIE, A SIBERIAN HUSKY is staring back at her. He's black and
text: white with blue eyes, with a mask that is at once menacing and
text: majestic.
text: A pudgy thirteen year old boy, DREW, has a hold of the dog's
dialog: collar.
text: Zowie's BARK sends Tiger scrambling.
text: Drew loses his grip as Zowie yanks free. A strong, paternal
text: command calls after Drew from outside.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Drew, you get a handle on that
dialog: dog, now!
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM
text: Chase spins around at the commotion as Tiger darts across the
text: floor with the barking dog in pursuit.
text: Mayhem ensues as Zowie's big paws slip on the slick tile.
text: Geoff rushes in from the boarding area.
text: Tiger ducks beneath the back of a surgical gurney.
text: Zowie's snoot wedges beneath the base, inches from Tiger's tiny,
text: striking paw.
text: Drew slides in on his knees, renewing his hold on Zowie's collar.
text: He pulls the dog back.
text: Geoff rescues Tiger from beneath the gurney.
text: Drew shrugs sheepishly.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Sorry. He gets kinda hyper...
text: Drew's stepfather, Gus Gilbert, enters. The dreaded, domineering
text: voice of authority in Drew's life. WE know him as the sheriff at
text: Renee's funeral.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Hell, he thought it was lunch.
dialog: How ya doin', Chase?
dialog: (a handshake)
dialog: You haven't met my boy.
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Drew, where the hell are your
dialog: manners.
text: Drew steps forward and awkwardly offers his hand to Chase. Then
text: Geoff. The boys shake.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: He's a cool lookin' dog.
text: Zowie lurches forward, eager to shower affection on Geoff. Geoff
text: strokes the dog's soft mane.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: What's his name?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Zowie.
text: Drew puts his palm under Zowie's chin and turns him for Chase to
text: see. There are several scabbed-over gashes on his left cheek.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Damn dog stuck his nose in on my
text: rabbits and they ganged up on him.
dialog: I swear that dog's an idiot.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Is he gonna be okay?
text: With one eye on Zowie, Chase sprays some antiseptic on the
text: examination table and wipes it clean.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Let's have him hop up here.
text: Drew prods Zowie. Zowie jumps up onto the table. Chase looks over
text: the facial lacerations, then turns on a penlight and examines the
text: dog's eyes.
text: Gus passes a lingering look over Tiger. He reaches in to pet her,
text: making sure it meets with Geoff's approval.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: When I was young I thought cats
dialog: were the girls and dogs were the
dialog: boys.
speaker_heading: CHASE
text: There are three more girls where
dialog: that one came from looking for
dialog: homes.
text: Drew perks up at the thought, but Gus shoots it down.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Not our home.
text: Chase takes the light out of Zowie's eyes. He looks to Gus.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Thee facial lacerations should heal
dialog: up pretty quickly. I'll give you
dialog: som antibiotic cream--
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: --Drew, he's your dog. Are you
dialog: listening to this?
text: Chase turns to Drew and continues...
speaker_heading: CHASE
text: His left eye is scratched, corneal
text: abrasion. Eyedrops will help, but
dialog: it's going to take som time. Try
dialog: to keep him away from those
dialog: rabbits, huh?
text: Drew nods, casting a glance aside at Gus.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (to Chase)
dialog: I hear you've got Marjorie
dialog: Hargrove working for you now.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: How'd you know that?
text: Gus gives Chase a knowing grin.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: It's a small town, Chase.
text: Gus laughs and claps Chase on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Hey Geoff, did you know your
dialog: mother and I used to be high-
dialog: school sweethearts?
text: Geoff is surprised at this. Surprised and annoyed. Tact isn't a
text: quality that Gus possesses in abundance.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Homecoming. Prom. Whole nine
dialog: yards.
dialog: (to Chase)
dialog: Course that was a lifetime ago.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - DAY
text: JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL KIDS are converging en masse for classes.
text: Chase's van pulls up front.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - DAY
text: Chase digs some cash out of his wallet. Geoff stares out at the
text: school. He's dreading this.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: What's a lunch cost these days?
dialog: You want ten?
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (unenthused)
dialog: Sure.
text: Chase looks at his son.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: You nervous? New town, new
dialog: school. I know it must be pretty
dialog: hard for you...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: I'll be fine, Dad.
text: Geoff reaches for the door, but Chase stops him. He's trying to
text: reach his son. He really is.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: Geoff... you have to help me out
dialog: here a little...
text: "MEOW!" Chase drops his eyes to the bulge squirming around in
text: Geoff's jacket. He can't help but smile.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Are you sure you don't want me to
dialog: pick you up. It's a long ride.
text: Geoff opens the side panel of the van and slips out his MOUNTAIN
speaker_heading: BIKE.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: That's what my bike's for...
text: Before Chase can say another word, Geoff is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. VAN - DAY
text: As Chase pulls away, WE SEE the handmade sign taped in the back
dialog: window:
scene_heading: PRICELESS KITTENS
text: FREE TO A GOOD HOME
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - DAY
text: Drew is among a small circle of BOYS. He recognizes Geoff walking
text: his bike from the van. The largest of the boys, CLYDE, takes
text: notice of the unfamiliar face.
dialog: Clyde is fifteen, going on twenty. You know the type: local bully,
dialog: held back a year or two.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Check it out. That's the new kid.
dialog: The son of that movie star.
text: Mischief gleams in Clyde's eyes as he watches Geoff's every move.
text: The other boys follow suit. Clyde always takes the lead.
text: Geoff fields their penetrating stares. For a second his eyes
text: connect with Clyde's, then he moves on into the building.
text: Among the boys, Drew is the reluctant participant.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY
text: MRS. GORDON is addressing a room of SEVENTH GRADERS.
text: Geoff is doodling in his notebook, feeling acutely out of place as
text: he tries to avoid the curious glances the rest of his new
text: classmates are giving him.
speaker_heading: MRS. GORDON
dialog: People, this is Geoff Matthews.
dialog: He'll be joining our class for the
dialog: rest of the school year...
text: As Mrs. Gordon points to him, Geoff drops his face even lower.
dialog: This is the worst embarrassment a boy could ever suffer. He'd like
text: to throttle Mrs. Gordon.
text: A freckle-faced boy, DOUG, fires off a question.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Hey, what's Hollywood like? Do
dialog: you know Eddie Murphy?
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MRS. GORDON
dialog: Why don't we save that for later,
dialog: Doug?
text: A girl with braces, SUSAN, continues the interrogation.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What about Julia Roberts?
speaker_heading: MRS. GORDON
dialog: Susan! That'll be enough.
text: Susan shuts up. Geoff sinks even lower in his seat.
text: The kids turn their eyes back to the front of the room.
text: But one classmate's eyes are still on Geoff. It's Clyde.
text: Clyde shifts his stare to the squirming lump in Geoff's jacket. He
text: catches a glimpse of Tiger's bobbing nose popping out.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Geoff joins the stampede of kids as the BELL releases them for the
text: day. Almost immediately, Clyde and his cronies, STEVIE AND BRAD,
text: fall in step behind him. Drew hangs slightly off to the side, not
dialog: really wanting to be a part of the intimidation.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: What's the hurry, Junior? Where
dialog: you off to?
text: Clyde quickens his pace, pulling ahead of Geoff and stopping in
text: front of him. Stevie and Brad move in on either side. Surrounded
text: by peers, it's apparent how small Geoff is for his age.
text: On the wall next to them is a bulletin board display. Clyde
text: glances at it. Geoff follows his gaze.
speaker_heading: DISPLAY
dialog: It's one of those corny school affairs with construction paper
text: letters spelling out: "WE REMEMBER RENEE HALLOW." Beneath that are
text: pictures of Renee clipped from various magazines. Cloyingly
dialog: tasteless.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (feigning remorse)
dialog: Too bad about your Mom. Papers
dialog: said it was pretty gross, getting
dialog: fried like that. Guess you saw
dialog: it, huh?
text: Geoff nods. Clyde raises his eyebrows, pulling Geoff's jacket
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: So, what are you hiding there?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: When you bring a friend to school
dialog: you're supposed to introduce him.
text: Geoff's arm tightens protectively around Tiger.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Her name's Tiger.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Tiger? Don't you think that's
dialog: kind of a pussy name?
dialog: (reaching out)
dialog: Can I hold her? I promise I'll be
dialog: real careful.
text: Clyde has a convincing way about him. Geoff reluctantly hands the
text: kitten over. Clyde is so gentle with the creature that one would
dialog: never question his sincerity.
text: Geoff is just beginning to feel at ease when something changes in
text: Clyde's tone, something sinister.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Hey, Geoff. You ever seen a
dialog: kitten run?
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: I've seen her run around the
dialog: house.
text: Clyde's eyes narrow. He takes a couple of steps back. Geoff's
text: heart starts to sink.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: No, I mean really run...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Like this!
text: Clyde backsteps and bolts off down the hallway with Tiger. Brad
text: and Stevie fall in behind him, laughing.
text: Drew shrugs apologetically. He's torn, but he tears off after them
dialog: nonetheless.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Shit...
text: Geoff runs off in pursuit of them.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - DAY
text: Geoff rushes from the building, searching the dispersing crowd.
text: There they are, tearing from the bike racks, pedaling for the
dialog: street.
text: Clyde sees Geoff and mockingly holds the kitten out for display as
text: they ride by.
text: Geoff runs for the bike racks.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Clyde and his cohorts break from the outskirts of town, riding out
text: onto the open road.
text: Clyde glances back toward the center of town.
text: Geoff is so far behind he's barely visible.
text: Clyde returns his eyes to the road ahead, raising Tiger nose to
text: nose with him.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Having fun yet?
text: Clyde and his smirking buddies ride on, OUT OF FRAME.
speaker_heading: WITH GEOFF
text: giving the pedals all he can, struggling to keep pace with the
dialog: boys.
speaker_heading: 35 OMITTED
speaker_heading: FURTHER ALONG
text: Scattered houses sprinkle the landscape ahead. Cochran Lake
text: stretches into the distance beyond the housing.
text: Clyde's clan cuts from the road and blazes a trail across a
text: residential property. The two-story house is weathered and boarded
text: up. It looks vaguely familiar. Creepy.
text: And when WE FIND the mailbox post, we know why. The name is faded,
text: but there's no question who once lived there. Five bold letters:
dialog: "CREED."
text: Geoff whips by in a blur, still in pursuit.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Clyde and his friends have abandoned their bikes. They've taken
text: position on top of the slope of the hill, standing at the foot of
text: THE PATH TO THE PET SEMATARY.
speaker_heading: 38 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PET SEMATARY PATH - DAY
text: Geoff pulls his bike to a stop short of the boys. He dismounts and
text: leans it up against a tree.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Just give me the cat, all right?
text: A devilish grin creeps over Clyde. He strolls down the path toward
text: Geoff. Clyde grabs Geoff's handlebars and, backing up, pulls Geoff
text: and the bike with him.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I would but... there was a little
dialog: accident...
dialog: (feeding off Geoff's
dialog: alarm)
dialog: She was trying to get away. You
dialog: know, running down my leg... and
text: her head got too close to the
dialog: spokes. Pretty gross. What's
text: left of her is up in the Pet
dialog: Sematary. A zip-lock bag might
dialog: help...
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: ...but I happen to be out of them
dialog: at the moment.
text: Drew shakes his head, disgusted he has to put up with Clyde's
dialog: antics.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Come on, Clyde, just tell him
dialog: where the cat is...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (turning on Drew)
dialog: ...I TOLD HIM where the cat is!
dialog: Now shut up, fuck-face!
text: Clyde punches Drew in the arm. Drew shrinks back.
text: Geoff flashes a hateful stare at Clyde.
text: All of the boys but Clyde are uncomfortably silent. There's
dialog: something frightening about Clyde... something that extends beyond
text: the standard bully antics. We begin to get the feeling that this
text: kid is genuinely deranged.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (relishing the
dialog: moment)
dialog: You heard about the Creed murders
dialog: yet? And the place where the dead
dialog: come back to life?
text: He motions to the path behind him.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's just back there. Just down
dialog: that path...
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: Clyde... it's not funny anymore.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Oh? So you got a problem?
dialog: What're you gonna do, fat-ass? You
dialog: gonna sic big, bad, old Gus after
dialog: me?
text: Drew shuts up. Clyde turns back to Geoff, drawing closer.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: What do you think, Geoff? Maybe
dialog: you could dig up your Mom and take
dialog: her back there. Maybe if you pray
dialog: real hard, she'll come back.
text: With this last remark Clyde has pushed too far. Geoff's face is
text: red with anger.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Just give me the cat, ass-hole.
text: Clyde's grin falters a moment.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Excuse me, maybe I'm a little hard
dialog: of hearing... but did you just call
dialog: me an ass-hole?
text: Clyde pokes Geoff in the shoulder.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You mad, Geoff? Cause if you are,
dialog: you should take a shot at me...
text: This time Clyde shoves Geoff back even harder.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Come on, you pussy! What's the
dialog: matter with you?
text: Clyde moves forward again and Geoff suddenly LASHES OUT, catching
text: everyone off guard.
text: For an instant, Drew marvels at Geoff's tenacity.
text: Clyde LUNGES. He hammers Geoff with blows.
text: Outsizing him by forty pounds, Clyde tosses Geoff to the ground.
text: Geoff struggles, but Clyde's grip proves arresting.
text: Clyde throws Geoff onto his stomach, forcing his face into the
text: dirt. It looks as if he's ready to smother his opponent.
text: Drew is the first to rush in. Brad and Stevie quickly follow. It
text: takes all three of them to peel Clyde off Geoff.
text: Clyde gets to his feet and backs away. There's great pleasure in
text: his crazed eyes as he watches Geoff coughing and gasping.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Fuckin' ass-hole.
text: Satisfied he's handed out enough ill will for the day, Clyde turns
dialog: away.
text: Drew's attentions remain on Geoff. As Clyde strolls by, he grabs
text: Drew's arm and swings him around.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: This way, fat-boy.
text: Stevie and Brad follow. As the group passes Geoff's bike, Clyde
text: gives it a kick, knocking it over. Then they're gone.
text: Geoff pulls himself to his feet. Brushing off the mess, he heads
text: up the path in search of Tiger.
scene_heading: EXT. PET SEMATARY - DAY
text: The woods here have grown long with shadows. The air is still and
text: the sound of birds is conspicuously absent.
text: A WOODEN ARCHWAY frames the entrance to the primitive graveyard.
text: Scrawled across the weatherstained boards is a child's barely
text: legible attempt at "PET SEMATARY."
text: Geoff trepidatiously enters the clearing of crude, crowded graves.
text: Collars, leashes, bird cages and other accessories adorn the
text: makeshift crosses and headstones.
text: Geoff moves along the outer circle of markers, each crafted by a
text: child's caring hands.
text: As he searches, he can't help but notice the heartfelt epitaphs.
text: On the outer circle, he sees a crate-board marker memorializing:
text: SMUCKY THE CAT... HE WAS OBEDIANT.
text: MOVING INWARD, the markers are older. The ones he can still read
text: convey a sense of the perpetual cycle of life and death.
text: Here is a wide, flat, upright board planted deep in the earth: "In
dialog: Memory of MARTA our Pet Rabit Dyed March 1 1965."
text: The next three rows are illegible, the inscriptions are weathered
text: beyond recognition... And then, chiseled into sandstone: HANNAH
text: THE BEST DOG THAT EVER LIVED 1929-1939.
text: And now... "MEOW." Faint. But very much alive.
text: Geoff picks up his pace, weaving quickly toward the center.
text: There, he finds Tiger. Trapped in a rusted old birdcage, its base
text: swallowed by the grave.
text: Geoff opens the door and frees Tiger, stroking the trembling
dialog: kitten.
text: Geoff's eyes are drawn to the far perimeter... to the deadfall...
text: THE DEADFALL looms on the outskirts of the clearing like a pile of
text: skeletal remains. An abstract stairway to things beyond. A wind
text: picks up just then, sending leaves skittering in waves across the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: 40 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PET SEMATARY PATH - DAY
text: When Geoff turns around, he finds Drew waiting for him under the
text: archway. Drew smiles, full of respect for Geoff.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I've never seen anybody punch
dialog: Clyde before.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: He pissed me off.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (his smile fading)
dialog: Sorry about your mom.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I couldn't handle not having my
dialog: mom around. Just having Gus...
text: He grimaces at the thought.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: My dad's not so bad.
text: Drew glances around at all the makeshift grave markers.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I swear, sometimes I wish Gus was
dialog: dead...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (serious)
dialog: You shouldn't ever say that about
dialog: your parents, not even your Dad.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Stepdad. Gus is my stepdad.
text: Geoff nods knowingly.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: What was all that stuff about dead
dialog: people coming back to life?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Nothing. It's just an old ghost
dialog: story. Let's get out of here...
text: They head off, full of childhood.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DUSK
text: Marjorie is at the stove, fixing up dinner, while Chase scans the
text: newspaper at the table.
text: Geoff enters through the kitchen door. He moves past them without
dialog: a word.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Hey! How was your first day at
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: It sucked.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Now is that any way to talk to
dialog: your father?
text: Geoff stops for a moment, turns...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: You're not my mother.
text: ...and exits through the opposite door.
text: Chase looks to Marjorie and offers a sympathetic shrug.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. DREW'S HOUSE - DUSK
text: CRUDE CAGES HOUSE DOZENS OF RABBITS. Situated alongside the
text: garage. A sign above the cages reads: PET RABBITS - $10.00. Bells
text: positioned along the roof threaten to reveal foul play.
text: Gus is rigging a wire along the base of the cage.
text: Finishing it off, he hangs the plug next to an outside socket.
text: Moving onto the next chore, he pours pressed alfalfa pellets into
dialog: feeding slots for the hungry rabbits.
text: Setting the feed aside, he takes a seat. Opening one of the cages,
text: he grabs a rabbit and sets it on his lap, gently petting its soft
dialog: fur.
text: One of the cages starts to vibrate.
text: Gus gives it a look: A PAIR OF RABBITS aren't interested in
text: eating, they're joined in fast and furious passion.
text: Gus gets a chuckle out of the sight.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Way to go, Romeo...
text: Gus replaces the rabbit in the hutch. And before he goes, HE SINKS
text: THE PLUG INTO THE SOCKET. An ELECTRICAL CHARGE dances along the
text: base of the cage, a deterrent for intruders.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Drew's mother, AMANDA, withdraws a roast from the oven.
text: Gus is at the sink, washing his hands. He turns to see Zowie
text: laying at Drew's feet in the living room. Drew is watching a MUSIC
text: VIDEO on TV.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Drew, I don't remember inviting
text: Zowie in for dinner.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Just until he heals up?
text: Gus is waggling his thumb toward the back door.
text: Drew slumps in defeat.
text: Gus reaches into the cabinet and pours himself a Bourbon.
scene_heading: EXT. DREW'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Drew walks Zowie from the house with a dish of dog food. As they
text: pass the rabbit dens, Zowie alters his path. Drew gets a handful
text: of his collar and pulls him back.
text: Across the yard is an enclosed dog run. Twenty feet long by ten
text: feet wide. Drew puts Zowie inside with the dog food.
text: Drew strokes Zowie's mane affectionately, then backs away, closing
text: the wood-framed door to the dog run.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Amanda's about to put the roast on the table when Gus nuzzles up
text: behind her, breathing down her backside. With his drink in hand,
text: he sweeps her hair aside and zeros in for a kiss on the back of
dialog: the neck.
text: Gus eases his free hand around between Amanda and the counter and
text: presses his palm firmly into her crotch, drawing her body tight to
dialog: him.
text: She stiffens at his intimate hold, uncomfortable with his timing.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Gus, please...
text: At the back door, Drew is watching from beyond the screen,
text: disgusted by the sight of Gus pawing his mother. Drew swings the
text: door open as loud as he can to signal his return.
text: Gus plants a last kiss on the back of Amanda's neck and backs off.
text: But before he goes, he snatches a chunk of meat from the serving
text: platter. Leveling his leering eyes at Amanda, he stuffs it into
text: his mouth suggestively.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: God damn, you're good.
text: Drew rolls his eyes and takes his seat at the table, returning his
text: attention to the TV, where another MUSIC VIDEO is on.
text: Gus glances at the TV, annoyed by the MUSIC. He drops into his
text: spot at the head of the table, blocking Drew's view. Drew leans to
text: the side for a better look. Gus takes notice and leans to the same
text: side to obstruct his view.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You're breaking the law here,
dialog: Drew.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Really, Gus. It won't bother me.
text: Gus ignores her, inching forward with a confidential, harsh
dialog: whisper.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Your mom's spent the last hour
dialog: cooking. Stop being a little jerk
dialog: and show her some appreciation.
text: Drew aims the remote control at Gus, as if to shut him up, and
text: silences the TV.
text: Amanda approaches with the roast. The moment it's on the table,
text: Drew starts dishing up a hefty serving. Gus spears Drew's fork
text: with the serving fork.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Not that much appreciation. I
dialog: thought we were gonna tone down
dialog: that flabby ass.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Hey, I'm so sorry I'm not the stud
dialog: that you are.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Knock it off, guys...
text: Gus throws back a sip of Bourbon.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (to Drew, quietly)
dialog: You watch that mouth of yours,
dialog: Drew buddy.
speaker_heading: 46 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. ZOWIE'S DOG RUN - NIGHT
text: MOVING THROUGH Zowie's enclosed pen, WE SEE no sign of the dog.
text: REACHING the door, WE FIND that the wood around the bottom hinge
text: has been chewed through. The base of the door is ajar, just enough
dialog: for a dog to have slipped through.
scene_heading: EXT. RABBIT CAGES - NIGHT
text: In the still of the night, Gus' rabbit pens sit unattended. And
text: then WE HEAR the tinkling of dog tags. Snoozing rabbits awaken as
text: Zowie lumbers INTO FRAME.
text: Zowie rises on his hind legs, pressing his paws to a cage. Blue
text: sparks fly as Zowie is jolted with the electrical charge.
scene_heading: INT. GUS' ROOM - NIGHT
text: The ELECTRICAL ZING. The dog's whimpering CRY. And the RINGING OF
text: BELLS reach Gus in rapid succession, rousting him from his sleep.
text: He rolls out of bed and grabs his robe.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Damn it, Drew. That dog is
dialog: history!
text: Amanda stirs, groggily focusing on Gus' departing figure.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Drew swings open the door to the hallway as Gus marches by,
text: stuffing shells into a shotgun. Panicked, Drew takes off after
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. RABBIT CAGES - NIGHT
text: Zowie swings his head in the direction of the house as Gus bursts
text: through the back door. Drew is one step behind.
text: Gus swings the gun up and fires off a SHOT.
text: Zowie bolts for the shadows of the hillside.
text: Drew rushes in and deflects the aim of the rifle.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Don't shoot him!
text: Gus' eyes are wild with anger.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: What, Drew? What did you say?!
text: Gus throws Drew aside, brings the rifle back up and FIRES another
text: random shot after the fleeing dog. All the while, his eyes remain
text: on Drew, as if this were the boy's lesson to be learned.
text: He squeezes off one more SHOT...
text: A PAINED YELP echoes from the hillside. Zowie's yelp.
text: Drew whips his head aside in sickened shock. Even Gus is sobered
text: by the unexpected hit.
text: All they can hear now are Zowie's WHIMPERING CRIES diminishing in
dialog: the night.
text: Drew shoots Gus a look of such unbridled hatred that Gus is
text: speechless. He backs away from Gus and darts off toward the dark
text: hillside.
text: When Gus turns back for the house, Amanda is standing there.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Jesus, Gus, what have you done?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Ah, come on, Amanda, stop looking
dialog: at me like that. He's had ample
dialog: warning about that dog.
text: Amanda glares at him, an outpouring of pent-up strain.
text: Gus defiantly marches past Amanda, entering the house without ever
text: meeting eyes with her.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Drew pauses long enough to listen for Zowie...
text: Nothing until a FAINT CRY drifts back at him.
text: DEEPER IN THE WOODS
text: Zowie limps INTO FRAME. Blood is flowing from the bullet wound in
text: his left hindquarter, trailing from his suspended leg. Every step
dialog: is a strain.
speaker_heading: DREW
text: comes upon a break in the trees. The hanging moon outlines the
text: knoll stretching beyond. And then, the strained breathing, the
text: hushed WHIMPER.
text: Drew hesitantly approaches the crest of the knoll.
text: Zowie is just beyond, lying on his side at the end of the bloody
text: trail. His chest rises and falls almost imperceptibly with every
dialog: effort to survive.
text: Drew drops to his knees at Zowie's side and cradles the dog in his
text: lap, shaking his head in denial.
text: Zowie's weak eyes shift, gazing longingly at Drew.
text: Drew strokes the fur under Zowie's chin, hardly able to see the
text: dog through his glaze of tears.
text: Zowie's eyes drift off. His chest falls and doesn't rise again. He
text: falls limp in Drew's arms. Drew hugs Zowie even tighter and he
text: begins to weep.
speaker_heading: FROM A DISTANCE
text: WE SEE the image of Drew with the dog cradled in his arms,
text: silhouetted against the moonlit horizon.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 53 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. GEOFF'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Geoff appears from the garage with his bike and takes off for the
text: road. A WHISTLE catches his ear.
text: Drew is at the edge of the woods, beckoning for Geoff.
text: Geoff circles around and doubles back.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: I was just going by your house.
dialog: Where's your bike?
text: The closer Geoff gets, the more he sees of Drew's despair. Then he
text: sees the dried blood staining Drew's clothes.
speaker_heading: DREW
text: Zowie's dead.
text: Geoff's heart sinks. An unspoken moment of sympathy passes between
text: the boys. Fighting the emotions, Drew finally speaks.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I have to bury him. I don't want
dialog: to go out there alone.
text: There's such grief in Drew's words that Geoff can't resist. He
text: glances toward his house to make sure he hasn't been seen, then
text: blends into the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. PET SEMATARY - DAY
text: Drew carries Zowie's relaxed form in his arms. Geoff is following,
text: balancing a pickaxe and shovel.
text: Arriving at the graveyard, Geoff searches the outer perimeter for
text: a vacant stretch of soil. Finding one, he lets the heavy tools
text: fall to the ground.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Is this a good spot?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I'm not burying him here...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: There's a better place...
text: Drew heads for the base of the deadfall, with Zowie in his arms.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: It's back here somewhere, through
dialog: the Indian woods. I know we can
dialog: find it...
text: Drew continues up the deadfall, disappearing over the crest.
text: Geoff gathers up the shovel and pickaxe and follows after him.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Hey, wait up!
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOG - DAY
text: Geoff climbs over the peak of the deadfall...
text: Beyond is a dark swamp, A BOG, looking unlike anything one would
text: expect in Maine. Tendrils of ground fog swirl about vegetation
text: that looks almost prehistoric. Gnarled trees rise up from the
text: murky earth, blocking the sun from view.
text: Geoff hurries down the other side of the deadfall to catch up with
text: Drew. Somewhere off in the distance we hear an UNEARTHLY SOUND.
dialog: Not a bird. Not any animal known to man.
text: Spectral shapes flicker at the edge of Geoff's vision, sinking
text: back into the shadows as Geoff tries to focus on them.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: Drew, where are we going?
text: Drew doesn't respond. He continues on without another word, hell-
dialog: bent on finding this "better place."
scene_heading: FURTHER ALONG - DAY
text: At the boundary of the bog, A STAIRWAY OF HUGE, WIDE STONES rises
text: from the blanket of ground fog. Bordered by fir trees. Leading up
text: the hillside. The final leg of Drew and Geoff's journey.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: This is it... I wasn't sure if it
dialog: even really existed.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: What did?
speaker_heading: DREW
text: The old Indian burial ground.
text: Geoff's eyes move to the stairway of stones.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Come on, that's just a bullshit
dialog: story. You said so yourself...
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: What if it's not bullshit? If I
dialog: bury Zowie there, and it works...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...he'll come back alive.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Drew, I know your dog died, but...
dialog: get a grip, man, you're freaking
dialog: me out.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Look, if there was even one chance
dialog: in a million it'd work, wouldn't
dialog: you want to try?
text: Geoff feels for Drew. It's pointless to reason.
text: Drew starts up the stone steps. Geoff has no choice but to follow.
scene_heading: EXT. MICMAC BURIAL GROUND - DAY
text: Even in broad daylight, the flat-topped mesa has a sense of
text: foreboding isolation. There's an almost palpable sense of
text: "wrongness" about this place. As if the darkness of a dying black
text: hole was seeping out of the ground and spreading across the earth.
text: Drew and Geoff approach the circle of rocky soil. They stand at
text: the border, looking it over in eerie silence.
text: Somewhere off in the distance we hear the unearthly SOUND again,
text: only this time, it's closer.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Look, let's just get this over
dialog: with.
text: Even Drew seems to have awakened from the haze he had fallen into.
text: He gently sets Zowie's body on the ground.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: If this doesn't work... don't ever
dialog: tell anyone I did this, okay? You
dialog: gotta promise...
text: Geoff nods and hands over the digging tools. Drew swings the
text: pickaxe, sinking it into the ground.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: You want me to help?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You have to bury your own. That's
dialog: the way the Indians did it. It's
dialog: like a rule...
text: Backing away from the burial ground, Geoff takes a seat on a rock
text: at the border of the forest. From there, he watches.
text: Drew alternates the pickaxe and shovel as he clears a hole in the
text: rocky ground.
text: WE MOVE IN ON GEOFF, who's looking on with skeptical intrigue as
text: the rhythmic SOUND of the tools continues.
speaker_heading: 59 OMITTED
speaker_heading: LATER -
text: A cairn is complete: a conical pile of rocks over Zowie's grave.
text: Drew is now sitting on the rock next to Geoff. Together, they
text: stare at the cairn as if Zowie might climb from beneath at any
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: What if he really does come back?
text: Geoff shrugs, pondering such a thought.
text: Geoff digs into his pocket and produces a pack of gum, offering
text: one to Drew. With only a quick glance away from the grave, Drew
text: snatches a piece and he stuffs it into his mouth. Geoff does the
dialog: same.
text: They sit together in silence. Nervously chewing their gum.
text: Watching the grave.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I've never had anyone die
dialog: before...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...but I guess you get over it. I
dialog: mean, eventually...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You never get over it.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - AFTERNOON
text: The sun dips over the horizon, giving way to dusk.
scene_heading: EXT. MICMAC BURIAL GROUND - DUSK
text: Geoff's eyes shift from the grave to the darkening sky.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: It's getting pretty late. We
dialog: better go.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Yeah...
text: They rise, leaving the burial ground. En route, Drew pauses for a
text: last look at the grave.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: So long, Zowie...
text: Geoff follows, glancing back at the burial ground. It looks
text: magical in the twilight, not quite so sinister now.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Drew is walking home along the road, alone.
text: Headlights blind him as a car approaches. It slows and pulls a U-
text: turn, stopping at Drew's side. It's Gus' squad car. He pushes open
text: the passenger door.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Get in.
text: Drew takes a step back, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Your momma's worried sick over
dialog: you. You take off in the middle
dialog: of the night, you don't show up
dialog: for school. What're you trying to
dialog: prove?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I'm not trying to prove anything.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was burying my dog.
text: Gus turns his eyes away, focusing on the dark road ahead.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Life is full of lessons. No one's
dialog: above it. Not you. Not me...
dialog: Now get in the car.
text: After a moment, Drew approaches the car. Without another word, Gus
text: drives off.
speaker_heading: 64 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. RABBIT CAGE - NIGHT
text: It's quiet now. And out of the silence comes the JINGLING of
text: Zowie's dog tags. Zowie's LONG SHADOW creeps over the cage,
text: distorted to monstrous proportion by the flickering light.
text: We move past the cages to the back porch...
text: We see ZOWIE'S PAW scratching at the door.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA AND GUS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Amanda wakens with a start. She rises, eyes focusing on the dark
text: bedroom. Gus is sound asleep next to her. Then, from outside, we
text: faintly hear ZOWIE'S SCRATCHING.
text: Slowly, Amanda rises from bed, pulling on a bathrobe as she heads
dialog: for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK PORCH - NIGHT
text: Amanda appears at the door. She unlatches it, stepping outside.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Zowie?
text: Amanda looks down and SCREAMS.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Photos of Drew with Zowie are tacked on the wall above the bed.
text: The one photo of Drew, Amanda and Gus has been altered with a cut-
text: out head of Zowie's pasted on Gus' shoulders.
text: WE FIND Drew below. He's fallen asleep with his Walkman on. Even
text: with his ears covered, the POUNDING at the door jolts him awake.
text: Half asleep, Drew peels off the headphones.
speaker_heading: GUS (O.S.)
dialog: Drew, you unlock this door! Right
dialog: now!
speaker_heading: AMANDA (O.S.)
dialog: Unlock it, Drew!
text: The anger in his mother's voice brings him off the bed. Gus'
text: POUNDING continues.
text: Drew moves to the door. The inside is secured by a double dead
text: bolt. Instead of unlocking them, he opens a tiny, customized
text: window which gives him a view of the hall.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: What did I do now?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
text: Open the door, Drew.
text: Drew unlatches the deadbolts and steps back as Gus bursts through
text: the door.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Where do you come off lying like
dialog: that? "I'm burying my dog." You
dialog: think a lie like that's never
dialog: gonna catch up to you?
text: Drew backs into the bed, taking a seat.
text: Amanda comes through the door, and behind her is...
speaker_heading: ZOWIE
text: This is our first glimpse of the resurrected dog. Fur shiny and
text: wet, the gaping gunshot wound in his rear. Zowie's head hangs low,
text: his eyes GLEAMING RED. The husky is covered with dirt from head to
dialog: toe.
text: Drew's eyes widen in astonishment.
text: Zowie staggers across the room towards Drew, nails clicking on the
text: floorboards. Drew shrinks back in uncertain horror as the dog
text: moves closer.
text: Zowie absently throws his arms up onto the bed, across Drew's lap.
text: And slowly, perfunctory, his tongue licks Drew's cheek. This last
text: action of Zowie displaces Drew's fear. Tears well up in the boy's
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Zowie...
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Say your goodbyes. Zowie's going
dialog: outside. You're grounded, buddy.
dialog: That's the new law.
text: Drew lifts his hand from stroking Zowie's fur. His palm is covered
text: with muddy blood.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I never knew an open wound could
dialog: smell so bad...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Honey, he should have been looked
dialog: at this morning. I don't know
dialog: what you were thinking. It's a
dialog: wonder he's still alive.
text: Drew gazes into the dog's vacant eyes. It truly is a wonder.
scene_heading: INT. GEOFF'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Chase enters and stops in the doorway.
text: Geoff sits in front of the television with a pile of videotapes
text: next to him. He's scanning through Renee's old movies with the
text: remote. The sound has been turned down and the effect is a little
dialog: eerie.
speaker_heading: ON THE SCREEN
text: We see RENEE move through a scene. Geoff hits the slo-mo button
text: and the image winds down. Renee's face. HER EYES stare out at us
dialog: from the alien universe of the past.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Geoff...
text: Geoff doesn't respond. He's captivated by Renee.
text: Chase moves into the room.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Geoff!
text: Geoff PAUSES the tape. Renee freezes, the image flickering ever so
text: slightly. For an instant, we think we see a FLASH OF Renee being
text: electrocuted. But it's only an instant.
text: Finally, Geoff tears his eyes away from the screen, resenting his
text: father's intrusion.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: You alright?
text: Geoff's face softens. He nods.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Dad... do you think...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...you think you and Mom would've
dialog: gotten back together?
text: Chase draws closer. He takes a seat next to Geoff. The pain in his
text: son's eyes is almost more than he can stand.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Your Mom and I loved each other,
dialog: Geoff. Don't ever think that we
dialog: didn't.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: I still can't believe she's
dialog: dead...
text: Chase moves to reach for his son, and suddenly the phone RINGS,
text: shattering the moment.
text: Chase hesitates, but finally he rises and answers the phone.
text: After a moment, he returns.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Who was that?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Remember Zowie, Drew's dog? He
dialog: got hurt again. I'm going over to
text: take a look at him.
text: Geoff's eyes widen. He looks like a ghost walked over his grave.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: I'm going with you.
text: Chase nods and exits to get his coat.
text: Geoff looks back at the TV once more. The image paused.
text: Renee staring at us from beyond the grave.
scene_heading: EXT. DREW'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gus, Amanda, Drew and Geoff are gathered around Chase's van.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. CHASE'S VAN - NIGHT
text: Chase lays Zowie on his side on an examining table and shines an
text: overhead light onto the wound.
text: Geoff is looking in from outside, utterly bewildered by the
text: living, breathing dog.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: How'd it happen?
text: Gus casts a threatening glance in Drew's direction.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (glaring at Gus)
dialog: Some psycho hunter probably got
dialog: trigger happy...
text: Chase is too busy preparing a syringe to notice the nonverbal
dialog: exchange.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: I'm going to give Zowie a local
dialog: anaesthetic so I can clean up the
dialog: wound. I'd like to take him home
dialog: tonight for observation.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Can you keep him at your place
dialog: until he gets better?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Sure...
text: Drew tenderly strokes Zowie's mane as Chase administers the
text: injection. Zowie stares up at Geoff with dull, blank eyes.
text: Drew reads Geoff's bewilderment and joins him outside the van.
text: Their words are clear, but whispered.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Maybe he wasn't dead when we
dialog: buried him.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: He was dead. You know he was.
text: Geoff returns his stare to Zowie.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You can't tell anyone, Geoff.
dialog: Ever.
text: Geoff looks into Drew's eyes and nods in understanding.
speaker_heading: 69 OMITTED
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 75 OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. GEOFF'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Tiger is curled up at the foot of Geoff's bed. Geoff climbs in,
text: careful not to disturb the kitten. As he lays his head back on the
dialog: pillow...
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Sleep tight, darling. I'll be
dialog: with you soon.
text: It's a woman's VOICE. A familiar one. Now we hear the rhythmic
text: CREAK of a rocking chair. And with it comes the voice again,
text: humming a HAUNTING LULLABY.
text: Wide-eyed, Geoff turns his head toward the source...
text: A WOMAN'S NONDESCRIPT FORM is seated in the rocking chair across
text: the room. Rocking forward, her face passes into a swath of
dialog: moonlight...
text: It's Renee. With the rock of the chair, her face recedes back into
text: the shadows. Her soothing HUM remains.
text: And again, her face passes into the swath of light. And again it
dialog: retreats.
text: Geoff raises his hand, reaching out for her.
text: Renee's hand rises from the shadows, reaching for him.
text: But suddenly, THE ROOM BEGINS TO STRETCH.
text: The rocking chair and the bed seem distanced like polar extremes,
text: mother and son hopelessly separated by forces beyond their
dialog: control.
text: LIGHTNING FLASHES in the bedside window. Renee is falling farther
text: and farther away.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Mom!!!
text: Geoff leaps from his bed as the darkness closes in and...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
text: bolts up from his pillow. Awake now, face wet with perspiration.
dialog: It was a nightmare. Except, if it was a nightmare, why do we still
dialog: hear...
text: ...the steady CREAK of the rocking chair.
text: Geoff slowly turns his head once again, repeating the actions of
dialog: his dreams.
text: In the shadows, the chair is still rocking. As it comes forward
text: into the moonlight, we see ZOWIE, curled up asleep on the seat of
dialog: the chair.
text: Tiger is not on the bed anymore. She's up on top of the bookcase
text: now, wide awake, eyes fixed on the dog. She HISSES.
text: Geoff stares at the rocking chair, petrified.
scene_heading: INT. CHASE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Chase strips off the bandage over Zowie's rear end. The wound is
text: gooey and open.
text: Geoff reads the concern in Chase's expression. Drew is right there
text: at Geoff's side, looking on.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: What's the deal?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: I don't know. He's had three
dialog: days. His immune system should've
dialog: responded by now...
text: Chase puts on his stethoscope and checks under the dog's rib-cage
text: for a pulse. He checks a number of places, then shakes his head,
text: totally confused.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: I can't seem to find a pulse... it
dialog: must be so weak, it's not
dialog: registering...
text: Geoff and Drew share conspiratorial glances as Chase sets the
text: stethoscope aside and extracts a blood sample.
text: Chase labels the capped vial of blood "ZOWIE" and carefully places
text: it into a packing container. When he closes the lid, we see the
dialog: preaddressed label:
scene_heading: UNIVERSITY OF MAINE
dialog: School of Veterinary Medicine
dialog: Lab Samples Enclosed
text: Uncomfortable with Chase's investigation, Geoff reaches for Zowie.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: We'll take him back to the
dialog: kennels, Dad.
speaker_heading: 78A OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING AREA - DUSK
text: THE KITTENS ARE HISSING, shrinking to the back of their kennel.
text: Zowie stands motionless before their cage, gazing in at them.
text: Geoff and Drew are nearby, putting the finishing touches on the
text: bedding inside a larger boarding kennel.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: You think my Dad'll figure out why
dialog: he's not getting better?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You think he'd believe it if he
dialog: did?
text: One of the kittens SPATS fearfully at Zowie. Geoff turns to stare
dialog: at Zowie.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: How can he not have a heartbeat?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Maybe it takes a while...
text: Drew lifts Zowie into the kennel. Geoff secures the door,
text: something that clearly must be done from the outside.
text: Zowie immediately begins to pace back and forth inside the cage.
text: He turns towards us and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN, CHASE'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: A SNARLING WEREWOLF rushing at us.
text: Chase jumps back, frightened out of his wits and we realize...
text: The werewolf is part of a group of COSTUMED KIDS out trick-or-
text: treating. The kids LAUGH at Chase's reaction and hurry on,
text: dragging their candy loot bags behind them.
text: Chase sighs and turns to lock the office door. He's closing up for
dialog: the night.
text: He climbs into his Mobile Vet Van. We HOLD ON the new sign in the
text: back window: "A HALLOWEEN TREAT. FREE KITTENS." Beneath that is a
text: pencil-sketch of a black arched-back kitten.
scene_heading: INT. GEOFF'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Marjorie and Geoff are at the kitchen table with the remnants of
text: dinner. Geoff is doing last-minute touches on his costume.
text: Marjorie looks over his costume. He's got a hockey mask pushed
text: back onto the top of his head.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: So who're you going as, Wayne
dialog: Gretzky?
text: For effect, Geoff slips the hockey mask down over his face before
dialog: answering.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: I'm going as Jason.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Jason? Who's he play for?
speaker_heading: GEOFF
text: He doesn't. He hacks people up.
text: Geoff checks his watch.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: I'm late.
text: As Geoff heads for the door, Chase is just coming in for the
dialog: evening.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Hey! Where're you off to?
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: I'm going out, Dad!
text: Geoff ducks out the door. Chase turns to Marjorie.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Out?
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: He's probably going up to the Pet
dialog: Sematary. Kids've been going out
dialog: there on Halloween night for
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: What do they do up there?
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Oh, you know... drink beer, tell
text: ghost stories. They try and spook
text: each other out, talking about
dialog: zombies and things...
dialog: (she shrugs)
dialog: It's no big deal, Chase. I did it
dialog: when I was young.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Drew is at the bathroom mirror.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Hold still. Hold still.
text: Amanda puts the finishing touches of color on Drew's lips. She's
text: done an alarmingly good job of turning Drew into THE JOKER.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You make sure you're home by ten.
dialog: If Gus finds out I let you go...
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: I'll be home, Mom. Don't worry.
dialog: I won't let Gus blow up again...
text: Amanda looks Drew straight in the eyes.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Drew, I know Gus isn't your
dialog: father, but you never even knew
dialog: your real father. He walked out
dialog: on the both of us, and you
dialog: remember that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Gus isn't that way. He has it in
dialog: him to love us both. You just
dialog: have to give him a chance...
text: Drew nods respectfully. Amanda gives him a kiss. Drawing back, she
text: rubs out the lipmarks she's left on his made-up cheek.
speaker_heading: 83 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PET SEMATARY - NIGHT
text: Dark clouds paint the foreboding sky. A broken pulse of lightning
text: streaks through the dense haze.
text: Abandoning their bikes next to the path, Drew and Geoff approach
text: the archway. The graveyard beyond is deathly silent.
text: They pass beneath the archway, entering the clearing.
text: And now, a soft, chilling VOICE drifts over the graves.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Geoff, honey. Mommy's here...
text: Geoff freezes in his tracks, awestruck as...
speaker_heading: A WOMAN'S BODY
text: swoops down from the darkness above, materializing out of nowhere.
text: A fluttering negligee. Flowing blonde hair.
text: RENEE'S FACE appears out of the shadows, masked with sadness.
text: Geoff swallows the lump in his throat.
text: Renee's form keeps coming. But even as she approaches, her visage
text: grows less distinguishable. Just a phantom countenance now. A
text: shadow framed by golden hair, resting atop a veiled body...
text: She's coming so fast that she's upon Geoff in no time. He fumbles
text: back, startled out of his wits...
text: THE BODY is upon him now, flailing wildly. Geoff thrashes and
text: struggles, screaming bloody murder.
text: Gradually, he realizes the body isn't fighting back. Geoff eases
text: his struggle, lets his scream fall off.
text: Now he hears wild, mischievous LAUGHTER.
text: Drew pulls the body away. It's just a heavy wad of stuffed
text: clothing: A DUMMY dressed in a negligee, capped by a blonde wig.
text: It dangles near the end of a slanted wire.
text: Clyde, Stevie, Brad, and a half dozen other costumed KIDS appear
text: from the nearby cover of bushes, doubled over in laughter.
text: Clyde tugs at a piece of twine that's connected to the back of the
text: dummy's head and makes spooky sounds. The dummy jumps around on
text: the slanted wire.
text: Clyde drops the dummy and saunters forward.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Look at this, Junior here
text: practically shit his pants.
text: Clyde drops down, nose to nose with Geoff, who's still recovering.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Maybe you're too chicken to hang
text: out with the rest of the boys.
dialog: You gonna run home to Daddy now?
text: Geoff brushes himself off and rises to his feet. He stares into
text: Clyde's eyes.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Fuck off.
text: Geoff pushes past Clyde and moves on into the graveyard, somehow
text: managing to keep his dignity intact.
text: Drew follows, then the rest of the boys, leaving Clyde staring
text: after them, standing alone with the dummy.
scene_heading: EXT. DREW'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gus' squad car slows to a stop outside. Gus swings open the door
text: and ambles toward the porch.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Amanda draws back from the window, mortified. She nervously
text: crosses to the refrigerator and grabs a beer, turning as Gus
text: enters.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You're home early.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Nope. Just ran out of smokes.
text: Gus opens a kitchen drawer and fishes for a pack of cigarettes. He
dialog: fires one up.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Where's the boy?
text: Amanda squirms.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Uh... in his room...
text: Gus tightens his brow, casting a suspicious eye.
text: A sickened look flushes through Amanda as Gus pulls his eyes away
text: from her and marches upstairs.
speaker_heading: GUS (O.S.)
speaker_heading: DREW!
text: His feet POUND down the hallway. Silence for an instant. Then the
text: powerful swing of Drew's door. Followed by Gus' hastened return
text: down the hallway. And as he hustles down the stairs...
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: God damn it, Amanda! You want me
dialog: to be a father to the boy, and as
dialog: soon as I lay down the law, you
dialog: let him break it!
text: Gus stops before Amanda.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Where is he?
text: One step away from terror, Amanda shakes her head. Gus loses his
text: patience. He rips the can of beer from her grip and sends it
text: flying across the room.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: WHERE IS YOUR SON!?
text: Amanda sighs in quiet defeat.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: The Pet Sematary.
text: Gus turns away and heads out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. DREW'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Wheels spin as Gus' squad car streaks off into the night. The
text: cherry top glows to life, bombarding the countryside.
scene_heading: EXT. PET SEMATARY - NIGHT
text: By now, nearly TWO DOZEN COSTUMED KIDS have gathered at the Pet
text: Sematary. In the midst of the graves, a small story-telling
text: campfire burns. A number of the boys sip beer, trying to pretend
dialog: that the bitter after-taste doesn't bother them.
text: Clyde sits up front. At fourteen, he's the elder statesmen of the
text: group. With a beer in one hand, and a cigarette in the other,
text: Clyde is just finishing up a spooky yarn.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: ...yeah, that old Louis was one
dialog: sick fuck... digging up little Gage
text: like so, maggots pouring out of
dialog: that kid's eyes...
text: Clyde whistles. He drags on his cigarette and puffs out a smoke
text: ring. Sees he still has an audience.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Ellie was the only Creed that
dialog: lived. Then one night a few
text: months later, Ellie freaks out,
text: and she hacks up her grandparents
dialog: with an axe!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Police found her licking their
dialog: brains off the blade... They
text: locked her up in a psycho ward and
dialog: all she said were two words: 'Pet
dialog: Sematary. Pet Sematary.'
text: Clyde stares at the wide-eyed kids. He grins, takes a swig of
text: beer, and moves in for the kicker.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Oh yeah! Almost forgot! Here's
dialog: the best part. Two nights ago she
dialog: escapes. Word is, she was heading
dialog: for Maine. Man I hope she doesn't
dialog: show up out here.
dialog: (feigning concern)
dialog: Shit, we wouldn't even notice her,
text: not if she's wearing a costume.
dialog: She could be one of us...
text: Clyde casts a suspicious eye on the group. The kids uneasily look
text: at each other, making sure they know who's behind each and every
dialog: costume.
text: Suddenly Clyde drops his jaw in exaggerated horror.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Oh my Goddd!!!
text: Clyde lifts a trembling finger, pointing beyond the group of
text: spellbound listeners.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: It's... It's...
text: The kids are afraid to turn around, assuming Clyde's rigged up
dialog: some unspeakable terror...
text: And for an instant, a look of real horror washes over Clyde's
dialog: face...
speaker_heading: A FIGURE
text: Is coming up the path beneath the archway, rising out of the
text: swirling mist. A frightening silhouette, backlit by the moon.
text: But then Clyde realizes who it is.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Shit! It's Drew's Dad. It's
dialog: fuckin' Gus!
text: Drew and the others quickly turn around, realizing it's not part
dialog: of the punch-line scare.
speaker_heading: 89 OMITTED
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 91 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PET SEMATARY - NIGHT
text: The kids quickly scramble for hiding places in the bordering
text: brush, dropping their beer cans as fast as they can.
text: As Drew leaps to his feet, he upsets the fire, knocking one of the
text: logs. A FLAMING EMBER rolls to the base of one of the brittle old
dialog: crosses.
text: Drew and Geoff run for it.
scene_heading: EXT. PATH, ARCHWAY - NIGHT
text: Gus moves quickly up the meandering path, sending the blinding
text: beam of his flashlight over the graves.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You boys better not be drinking!
scene_heading: EXT. PET SEMATARY - NIGHT
text: Through the thick woods, Drew is flanked by Geoff and Clyde.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Oh man, he's gonna kick my ass...
text: Drew starts to take off. Clyde trips him on his first stride. Drew
text: hits the dirt.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Thanks for fucking up our
dialog: Halloween, dumbshit!
text: Clyde recedes into the woods as Gus approaches the campfire. He
text: scans the area with his flashlight, illuminating the various beer
dialog: cans.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Drew, you get your ass out here!
dialog: Front and center!
text: Geoff pulls Drew to his feet.
text: Gus passes the flashlight over the woods. Kids duck away,
text: retreating from their hiding places...
text: The flashlight sweeps toward Drew.
text: Drew freezes, spotlighted by Gus' beam. A burst of LIGHTNING
text: floods Drew's horrified face.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Get out here, Joker.
text: Geoff remains frozen in the woods nearby, out of Gus' light.
text: Behind Gus, the wooden cross is completely on fire now.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You out here making a fool of me?
text: Drew shakes his head in instant denial.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I'm warning you, buddy! You don't
dialog: play by the rules, I'm gonna
dialog: shadow your ass for eternity!
text: Drew makes a break from his spot in the woods. He weaves through
text: the markers, arcing around the outer perimeter to avoid Gus...
text: ...but Gus is quicker. He zigzags through the crosses and
text: headstones to intercept Drew.
text: Gus gets a handful of Drew's collar and yanks him in.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You little shit!
text: Gus draws his free arm back and smacks Drew across the face. Drew
text: goes down.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
text: is looking on from the woods, horrified. Torn...
speaker_heading: DREW
text: cowers on the ground, trying to scramble away.
text: Geoff bolts out into the firelight, staring defiantly at Gus in
dialog: silent accusation.
text: Gus is beyond furious. LIGHTNING flashes again.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You get out of here, Geoff
dialog: Matthews! This is between me and
dialog: my boy!
text: Geoff doesn't move. Gus starts to advance forward...
text: ...but the GROWL emanating from the woods gives him pause.
dialog: Everyone turns...
text: A RUSTLING is heard in the bushes, and Zowie emerges into the
text: building firelight, flashing his fangs at Gus. His eyes GLOW RED.
text: Gus freezes, studying Zowie.
text: Zowie inches forward, poised for the attack.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Call off your dog, Drew.
text: Drew shifts his eyes from Zowie to Gus, too terrified to heed such
dialog: a command.
text: Zowie brushes past Drew and Geoff, moving in on Gus.
text: Gus' eyes shift to burning cross at his side. With a swift boot,
text: he kicks over the cross and presses it into his grip.
text: Swinging the cross like a primitive weapon, Gus connects with the
text: side of Zowie's head.
text: Zowie spins a full circle from the impact. But he lands on all
text: fours. Unphased. Taking the next step toward Gus. There's
text: something clearly not of this world in Zowie's vicious stare.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Drew, call him off!
text: All Drew can manage is a faint appeal.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Zowie...
text: Zowie goes for Gus, launching into the air...
speaker_heading: GUS
speaker_heading: DREW!
text: ...and sinking his glistening fangs into Gus' neck.
text: AN ERUPTION OF BLOOD showers the closest headstone.
text: Gus comes helplessly tumbling down with the weight of the dog. His
text: SCREAMS are suddenly cut short as Zowie rips out his throat. His
text: arms flail weakly at his sides, then grow still.
text: Drew and Geoff stare at the scene, wide-eyed with shock.
text: Zowie looks up from Gus' neck with dripping, red fangs. For a
text: moment, his eyes settle on Drew. Then Zowie bolts off,
text: disappearing into the night.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Oh, God. Oh, God...
text: Drew's eyes shift to Geoff, whose face is flushed with sickened
dialog: fear.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Is he dead?
text: In dazed shock, Drew moves in for a closer look at the body.
text: Gus' eyes are wide open. Blood is still pumping in rhythm from his
text: jugular with each weakening beat of his heart. It's a gruesome
text: image against the roaring fire.
text: Drew kneels at Gus' side. He wants to touch him. To shake him
text: awake, but with every attempt, he draws his hand back.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Is he breathing? Can you hear him
dialog: breathing?
text: Drew leans forward, turning his ear toward Gus' gaping mouth. And
text: as he inches closer...
scene_heading: GUS' FINGERS TWITCH
text: His hand jerks up and closes around Drew's neck. Gus stares up at
text: him with his crazed menace.
text: Drew SCREAMS. His fingers claw at Gus' hand, desperate to pry it
dialog: loose...
text: ...but then, Gus' hand relaxes as his last, dying ounce of
text: strength fades away.
text: Drew shrinks back, crouching over the lifeless body as the blazing
text: firelight dances over it. He turns his tear-filled gaze to Geoff.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Oh man, Geoff... we killed him...
dialog: we killed him...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What're we gonna do?
text: Geoff draws closer and looks down into the dead man's face.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: We could bring him back.
text: Drew's eyes widen at the suggestion.
text: And now, GAZING DOWN on Gus' body, and on the boys, WE PULL UP
text: INTO A SLOW SPIRAL...
text: We move ever higher, until we are LOOKING DOWN UPON THE ENTIRE PET
text: SEMATARY. At the SOUND of a shovel cutting into rocky soil, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 95 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. MICMAC BURIAL GROUND - NIGHT
text: Three quick shots:
text: A SHOVEL sinking into the earth.
text: GUS falling head down into the grave, landing with a heavy THUD.
text: SOIL covering Gus' lifeless face.
scene_heading: EXT. DREW'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Amanda is pacing back and forth on the porch, checking her watch
text: every few steps. She sighs with relief as...
text: Drew appears from the darkness of the woods.
text: Drew dismounts his bike and carries it up the front porch steps,
text: strangely silent. His clothes and face are caked with dirt.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Jesus, Drew, do you know what time
dialog: it is? Did Gus ever find you?
text: Drew moves on past her into the house.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Drew? Drew, what happened?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (trying not to lose
dialog: it)
dialog: Nothing happened, Mom. We just
dialog: ditched Gus, that's all...
text: Drew pauses and stares out into the unknown darkness of the night.
scene_heading: INT. GEOFF'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Chase is in the study, perusing some files. He looks into the
text: hallway as Geoff arrives home, then glances at the clock. It's
text: late. Very late.
text: Chase rises. He's both angry and relieved. Right now, though, the
text: anger's winning out.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Were you drinking?
text: Geoff absently shakes his head. He slumps back against the wall,
text: drained from the night's horrors.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Drew's Mom called hours ago, the
text: rest of the kids were back by ten.
dialog: Where the hell were you boys?
text: Geoff shrugs, trying to mask his uneasiness.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Just out.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: "Out." Well that's great, Geoff.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, I've been letting you get
dialog: away with a lot these past few
dialog: weeks, but I'm not going to stand
dialog: for crap like this. I don't care
dialog: if it's Halloween... it's a school
dialog: night, and if you do this again...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: I'm really tired, Dad... can I just
dialog: go to sleep?
text: Chase stops and looks at his son. Geoff's exhaustion is self-
dialog: evident.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: Go on... we'll talk about this in
dialog: the morning.
text: Geoff nods and heads for the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. GEOFF'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: THE CLOCK is creeping up on 2AM...
text: THUNDER rumbles outside in the distance and rain starts to spatter
text: the window panes.
text: Geoff's eyelids fall beneath unbearable weight and he nods off to
text: sleep. Tiger is sprawled out on the blanket against his chest.
text: Slowly, we move back towards the window...
text: In a flash of LIGHTNING--
speaker_heading: GUS' FACE
text: APPEARS OUTSIDE. Washed in the haunting white glow. Streaked with
text: mud. Caked with blood. Staring in at Geoff.
text: Geoff is jolted awake by the delayed clap of THUNDER and whips his
text: gaze to the window. Before he can focus...
text: ...the pulse of lightning fades away. And with it, Gus' face. Only
text: darkness remains beyond the window pane.
text: Geoff returns his gaze to the bedroom, unaware of Gus' appearance.
text: He sinks back to his pillow, already hurtling towards sleep once
dialog: more.
scene_heading: EXT. DREW'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: MOVING IN ON the house, WE SINGLE OUT a rain-obscured window on
text: the ground floor, the window to Drew's bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Drew is sound asleep, curled up under the sheets. He clutches his
text: pillow like a life preserver.
speaker_heading: GUS (O.S.)
dialog: Drew!
text: Drew's eyes flutter open. He turns towards the window. Now, he
text: hears some activity outside. And then Gus' hushed voice.
speaker_heading: GUS (O.S.)
dialog: Drew, buddy. I lost my keys.
text: Drew goes saucer-eyed. He swallows the swelling lump in his throat
text: and rises from his bed.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Drew steadies his quivering fingers just enough to sink the key
text: into the deadbolt on the back door. Drawing the CREAKING door
text: open, he gazes out back.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (scared shitless)
dialog: Gus?
text: Nothing moves outside. The longer Drew watches, the more eerie
text: each shadow becomes. Spooked, Drew steps back inside, quickly
text: closing the door. He locks it back up again.
text: When he turns around, he's face to face with GUS.
text: Drew stiffens, backing into the wall.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: H-how'd you get in?
text: Gus offers a nightmarish grin and raises his hand, dangling his
dialog: keys.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Found 'em.
text: Drew's eyes follow a flow of blood from Gus' neck to the floor.
text: Gus looks down at his dirty, bloody footprints. He's tracked blood
text: all over the linoleum.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I'm makin' a mess of your mother's
dialog: kitchen floor...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I need a shower...
text: Gus turns without another word and heads for the stairs.
text: Drew's mouth drops in utter astonishment as he watches Gus
text: clumsily climbing the stairs.
text: After a moment, he returns his attention to the bloody kitchen
text: floor. Tearing off a wad of paper towels, he wets them and begins
text: to mop up Gus' tracks.
speaker_heading: 103 OMITTED
scene_heading: AT THE MIRROR - NIGHT
text: Gazing vacantly at his reflection, Gus covers his ravaged throat
text: with a gauze strip, wrapping it around the circumference of his
text: neck again and again and again.
text: Behind him, the shower is running, filling up the bathroom with
dialog: steam.
text: Finishing the dressing off with a sloppy tape job, Gus reaches for
text: the pajamas hanging nearby. He lazily buttons the buttons, failing
text: to notice their alignment is off. He never did bother to shower.
text: He's still covered with mud.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA AND GUS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Gus enters from the steamy bathroom. The shower is still running.
text: Amanda stirs, sleepy eyes focusing on him.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Gus, hon. I'm sorry about
dialog: tonight. You coming to bed?
text: Gus lifts the covers and climbs in. With him comes the chill of
text: death. Gus presses up behind her. His hand moves beneath the
text: sheets, finding its way over the curve of her waist, caressing.
text: Amanda shivers.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: God, you're ice cold...
dialog: (turning)
dialog: ...and you smell! Lord, what did
dialog: you get yourself into?
text: It's then that Amanda sees the bandage around Gus' neck. Blood is
text: seeping through the gauze.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: My God, Gus, what happened?
text: Amanda reaches out to touch him, but Gus stops her hand short of
text: the bandage. Instead, he leans forward and clutches one of her
dialog: breasts.
text: Amanda tries to twist away.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Gus... stop it! What's wrong with
dialog: you?!
text: But Gus doesn't stop. He throws himself on top of Amanda, roughly
text: forcing her back onto the bed.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Gus!!!
text: Amanda's hands beat at Gus' face and back, to no apparent effect.
text: With one arm forced against Amanda's throat, he rips open her
text: nightgown with the other.
text: We pull away from Amanda's struggles, back to the bathroom. The
text: shower running on and on, cloaking the bedroom in steam.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Geoff is riding along the highway, his backpack full of school
text: books. Drew is waiting on the shoulder ahead. When Geoff
text: approaches, Drew hops on his bike, getting up to speed.
scene_heading: WITH THE BOYS - RIDING
text: Geoff keeps glancing at Drew, waiting for him to say something.
text: Drew maintains his enigmatic expression.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Well?
text: Drew nods. Geoff's eyes widen in disbelief.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Picture this... Gus comes down to
dialog: breakfast and he doesn't say a
text: word. He even kind of smiles,
dialog: like he forgot he hates me. And
dialog: then you know what he does? He
dialog: serves me an extra helping of
dialog: pancakes...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I asked him if I was still
dialog: grounded... "no." I asked him if
dialog: you could spend the night, and he
dialog: nods. It's like we're a family.
dialog: A real family.
text: The words have their own meaning for Geoff, who stares to the road
text: ahead in deep thought.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: It's weird...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: DREW
text: It's like he's not Gus anymore.
dialog: He's different. You know, like
dialog: Zowie...
text: They share a chuckle that ends in silent uneasiness.
scene_heading: INT. CHASE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Chase enters with a stack of files tucked under his arm. As he
text: organizes them in the large filing cabinet with the others, he
text: listens to his messages on the answering machine.
text: The current caller sounds a little annoyed...
speaker_heading: MESSAGE MACHINE
dialog: ...Doctor Matthews, this is
text: Elliot Rudman at the university.
dialog: I've looked over the blood
dialog: specimen you sent us on canine
dialog: Zowie...
text: Chase abandons the filing and immediately returns the call. While
dialog: it RINGS...
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Knock, Knock, Doc.
text: A MOTHER and TWO TODDLERS are standing in the doorway to Chase's
text: office, trying not to intrude on his call.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (quiet whisper)
dialog: We saw your sign. Are there any
dialog: kitties left?
text: Chase studies them. They look like decent people.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Take your pick. They're in the
dialog: boarding area. You can go on
dialog: back.
text: Chase turns away as his phone call is answered.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Elliot, it's Chase...
scene_heading: INT. LAB/INT. CHASE'S OFFICE (INTERCUT) - DAY
text: ELLIOT RUDMAN has the phone tucked under his chin, in the midst of
text: an autopsy. The WHIRR of the saw drowns out his words as he shaves
text: the dome off a dog's skull.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: I didn't get that...
text: The pathologist turns off the saw. His words become audible.
speaker_heading: RUDMAN
dialog: ...I said next time it might help
dialog: if you took the blood sample while
dialog: the animal was still alive...
text: The comment hits Chase out of left field.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RUDMAN
dialog: I don't know what you expected to
dialog: find, Matthews. There's nothing
dialog: wrong with the antigens, nothing
dialog: to indicate an unusual death...
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Wait, there must be some mix-up.
dialog: He was... the dog is alive.
speaker_heading: RUDMAN
dialog: Not this dog. There wasn't enough
dialog: oxygen in those red cells to pump
dialog: life into a flea.
text: Chase is baffled, speechless.
speaker_heading: RUDMAN
dialog: You took over for Doctor Yolander?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Yes... why?
speaker_heading: RUDMAN
dialog: Because the last person that sent
dialog: me blood from a dead animal was
dialog: Yolander...
speaker_heading: 110 OMITTED
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 112 OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING AREA - DAY
text: The kennels have been cleaned up, but the room retains its eerie,
text: dimly lit quality.
text: The DRIP of a faucet reverberates from the far corner.
text: The mother enters with a toddler clinging to each hand. Their
text: smiles fade at the unsettling surroundings. Slowly, they move down
text: the row of kennels.
speaker_heading: TODDLER
dialog: Where are the kitties?
scene_heading: INT. CHASE'S OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Look, this is ridiculous...
text: Suddenly, BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAMS pierce the air. Chase drops the
text: phone and rushes out of the office...
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING AREA - DAY
text: The toddlers are screaming at the top of their lungs. Mom is
text: burying their heads in her dress.
text: Chase bursts in as the mother hastily retreats for the exit. Her
text: horrified eyes flash by Chase. In an instant, she and the toddlers
dialog: are gone.
text: Chase remains alone, moving down the long row of kennels with
text: mounting trepidation...
text: Zowie's cage is empty.
text: Chase shifts his troubled gaze to the...
text: DRIP DRIP DRIP... as a PUDDLE OF BLOOD forms on the floor.
text: Chase raises his eyes...
scene_heading: THE KITTENS' KENNEL -
text: Nothing but bloody ribbons of torn flesh are left of the kittens,
text: dangling from the grid gate. DRIPPING.
text: Chase looks away as a new level of fear runs through him.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Jesus...
text: It's too gruesome even for a man of Chase's background. Fighting
text: the gag reflex, he searches the room for the missing dog...
text: ...and then he spots the broken glass window vent along the floor.
text: And the pile of blood-spattered shards laying on the tile.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL, STREET - DAY
text: Clyde, Stevie, and Brad are loitering near the front bike racks.
text: Clyde's smoking away.
text: As Geoff and Drew come out of the school, the trio moves to
dialog: intercept them.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Hey!
text: Just then, Chase's van pulls at the curb, interrupting whatever
dialog: trouble was about to happen.
text: Clyde looks from the van to Geoff, and falls back.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Saved by the bell...
text: Chase hurriedly rolls down the passenger window as Geoff and Drew
dialog: approach.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Can I sleep over at Drew's
dialog: tonight?
text: Chase is preoccupied with other concerns.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Yeah... that's fine...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Listen, Drew, I got the tests back
dialog: on Zowie. He's not well. Don't
dialog: ask me how, but he got out this
dialog: afternoon...
text: Geoff and Drew exchange concerned looks.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: If he finds his way home, call me,
dialog: no matter what the hour, okay? And
dialog: don't try to approach him.
dialog: Whatever he's got might be
dialog: infectious. Understand?
text: The boys nod their heads.
text: Chase masks his anxiety with a weary smile. With a wave, he speeds
text: up, leaving the boys.
scene_heading: INT. CHASE'S VAN - MOVING
text: A MAP of Maine is unfolded on the passenger seat. Chase is on the
dialog: car phone.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Can I have the address for Quentin
dialog: Yolander?
text: Chase jots an address down on the map. He turns the van up a
text: mountain road, winding through the towering pines.
scene_heading: EXT. YOLANDER'S CABIN - DAY
text: A remote, rustic dwelling nestled into the desolate backwoods.
scene_heading: INT. YOLANDER'S CABIN - DAY
text: QUENTIN YOLANDER rocks back in his thick hide chair. His world is
text: closed off from daylight by the extensive blinds.
text: He's holding a SMALL POODLE in his lap. Its big brown eyes are
text: staring back at him.
speaker_heading: YOLANDER
dialog: You'd be so much more interesting
dialog: with blue eyes...
text: And now, ONE OF THE POODLE'S EYES POPS OUT. Yolander's finger
text: comes through from beneath the eye socket.
text: On closer examination, WE REALIZE that the dog is not alive at
text: all. Yolander has his hand inside the hollowed-out carcass.
text: He carefully looks over a container of glass eyes on his desk and
text: selects the right shade of blue. A shot of whiskey rests nearby.
text: Yolander reaches up into the poodle's belly and fits the blue eyes
text: securely into place.
text: There's a KNOCK at the door. Yolander ignores it. Maybe he's deaf.
text: Another KNOCK. Yolander turns towards the door, annoyed at the
text: intrusion. And behind that annoyance, there's a touch of madness.
text: PULLING BACK, we see the rest of the room. Stuffed animals are
text: crowded from floor to ceiling. A product of Yolander's obsession
text: with TAXIDERMY.
speaker_heading: YOLANDER
dialog: I'm immortalizing a poodle. State
dialog: your business!
text: Yolander presses some stuffing into the poodle's gut and begins to
text: sew up the stomach.
speaker_heading: CHASE (O.S.)
dialog: Doctor Yolander. This is Chase
dialog: Matthews. I've moved into your
dialog: offices in Ludlow...
text: Yolander's attention remains on the needle as he meticulously
text: stitches the belly.
speaker_heading: CHASE (O.S.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...I sent a blood sample out for
dialog: analysis. They tell me I sent
text: them the blood of a dead animal...
text: At this, Yolander breaks his concentration. The needle pricks his
text: hand. Blood oozes from the puncture, dripping onto the dog's
dialog: stomach.
speaker_heading: CHASE (O.S.)
dialog: ...a dog...
text: Yolander rises from his seat and swings open the door.
text: Chase stands in the doorway, startled. It doesn't take a genius to
text: figure out that the good Doctor is drunk.
speaker_heading: YOLANDER
dialog: (glaring)
dialog: Why are you bothering me about
dialog: this? Can't you leave it be?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: I... um...
text: Chase glances to the right and steps back...
speaker_heading: A BOBCAT
text: is perched nearby, frozen in mid-pounce. It takes a second for
text: Chase to register that the bobcat has been stuffed.
text: Now Chase sees the rest of the room... a whole zoo of stuffed
text: animals, looking like a rural version of the Bates Motel.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (momentarily thrown)
dialog: ...the pathologist... he said that
dialog: you had reported a similar
dialog: incident... with a cat...
speaker_heading: YOLANDER
dialog: The Creed cat, that's right.
dialog: Bastard's name was "Church".
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Let me guess. Your dog's tissue
dialog: isn't healing, pupils aren't
dialog: dilating... maybe you can't find a
dialog: heartbeat?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Exactly! I thought it might be
dialog: some sort of blood condition...
dialog: immune deficiency or...
text: Quentin Yolander laughs. It's disconcerting.
speaker_heading: YOLANDER
dialog: There's no "blood condition." The
dialog: dog isn't sick, it's dead.
dialog: (drawing closer)
dialog: And so was Creed's cat. And so
dialog: was his wife the night she was
dialog: killed for the second time...
text: As Yolander moves forward, Chase backs up. He bumps into a whole
text: shelf of stuffed creatures. To his right, A RAVEN sits frozen on
text: its perch. Chase regards Yolander as being completely insane.
speaker_heading: YOLANDER
dialog: (menacing)
dialog: You want some advice, friend? You
dialog: get in your car, you pick up your
dialog: family... and you get the hell out
dialog: of that town.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Well... uh... thanks...
text: Chase continues to back out of the door. On his way out, he bumps
text: into the stuffed raven's perch...
text: ...only this raven isn't stuffed. It spreads its wings and
speaker_heading: SCREECHES.
text: Chase just about jumps out of his skin, tripping out of the
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: 116D OMITTED
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 116F OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. DREW'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gus reaches into the cage and grabs a rabbit by the ears. He
text: casually snaps the neck. Laying the limp carcass on a stump
text: cutting board, he quickly skins it.
text: Hanging above the cages, there is now a line of furry pelts. Half
dialog: a dozen.
text: Drew and Geoff are on the porch, looking on.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I guess we're having rabbit for
dialog: dinner.
text: Gus hangs the freshly skinned fur to dry and violently snatches
text: another hare from the cage.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The dinner from Hell. Geoff splats a helping of mashed potatoes
text: onto his plate, all the while keeping a wary eye on Gus...
text: Gus is serving himself a chunk of rabbit. It hits the edge of the
text: plate, teetering on the rim. He passes the dish on.
text: Gus meets Geoff's gaze. For a moment, there's a deadened, vacant
text: look in Gus' eyes. Then slowly, a limp smile creeps over him,
text: sending a chill up Geoff's spine.
text: Geoff averts Gus' stare. Gus helps himself to potatoes and passes
text: the plate on. He lets go of it short of reaching Drew. Only Drew's
text: quick hands save it from hitting the table.
text: Amanda comes to the table with a dish of LIMA BEANS. She casts Gus
text: a cold, hateful stare and sets the limas down. She's still angry
dialog: over last night.
text: Gus dishes a sloppy scoop and passes it toward Drew. Like before,
text: he lets it drop too early. This time Drew doesn't save it. The
text: lima beans shower the floor.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: God damnit, Gus! This isn't
dialog: funny!
text: Amanda fetches a dishtowel and kneels to clean up the mess.
text: Geoff and Drew exchange quick glances. As Geoff reaches for the
dialog: salt...
text: ...Gus intercepts his wrist. Geoff gulps.
text: Gus drops his jaw, revealing a gooey mass of food. But the frozen
text: smile and the look in his eyes convey dementia rather than
dialog: playfulness.
text: Geoff and Drew can't believe their eyes. They laugh uncomfortably.
text: There's no other response.
text: Gus LAUGHS too... awkward, terrible laughter. Spitting out food
text: over his shirt and plate as he does so.
text: The boys stop laughing, but Gus just keeps on going.
text: Amanda stares at Gus and carries the mess out of the room.
text: Through his laughter, Gus' bandage has slipped down, exposing part
text: of his ragged wound. The wound glistens, oozing CLOTTED BLOOD and
text: GOOEY PUS.
text: Drew hesitantly reaches for Gus' neck, readjusting the bandage.
text: Grossed out, Geoff averts his eyes and sets his fork aside.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S ROOM - LATER
text: Geoff and Drew enter. Drew swiftly secures the deadbolts on his
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: What was that all about? You
dialog: think he's trying to scare us?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I don't know but I'm not taking
dialog: any chances...
text: Drew opens the chest at the foot of his bed and produces a
text: SHOTGUN. A box full of shells spill as he withdraws the gun.
text: Cracking open the chamber, Drew loads two shells into the chamber.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT
text: A moonlit horizon. Unmoving. Silent. The kind of silence that
text: pulls at the darkest recesses of imagination.
text: And now, A LONE FIGURE appears on the horizon. It's Zowie, moving
text: at a deliberate pace.
speaker_heading: ATOP A KNOLL
text: Zowie takes pause. The TINKLING of his collar tags resumes as he
text: drops over the horizon line, cutting down the hill.
scene_heading: INT. CHASE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Chase sits in the den, looking exhausted and disheveled. In front
text: of him, the t.v. is on. RENEE'S FACE stares out at us. Chase hits
text: the remote and rises, moving to the back door.
text: He checks the deadbolt, then secures the chain link as a backup.
text: From somewhere outside, we hear a DOG HOWL.
text: Chase's eyes drop to the DOGGY DOOR, a holdover from the previous
text: owner. Chase bends down and latches the door.
text: Now he pauses at his desk... considers... then pulls something out
text: of the bottom drawer. It's a gun.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Chase moves to the front of the house, securing that door.
text: Satisfied, he turns off the light and heads upstairs...
text: WE STAY AT THE FOOT OF THE STAIRS -
text: MOVING INTO DARKNESS, shadow and form begin to take shape. We hear
text: a low GROWL and see a flash of RED EYES. It's Zowie. Already in
dialog: the house.
speaker_heading: 123 OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. CHASE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Coming through the door from the downstairs, Chase stops cold.
text: RENEE is on the bed. Clothed in a negligee. Lying across a blanket
text: of rose petals. Her eyes meet his with powerful longing.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: Chase. I miss you so much...
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (dry-mouthed)
dialog: Renee...
text: Chase approaches. Slowly. Fearful that this is all a dream.
text: Renee reaches out her hand. They touch. This is not a dream.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Oh God...
text: Chase absently sets his gun on the bedside table as Renee draws
text: his body to hers.
dialog: They kiss. Once. Twice. Not a dream.
text: Renee rolls Chase over, forcefully climbing on top. Chase sinks
text: down into the center of the bed as Renee straddles him.
text: Slowly, Renee slips off the top of her negligee...
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: I can come back, Chase...
text: ...and sinks down on top of him, kissing him hungrily.
text: Her nipples graze his chest, then her breasts flatten as she
text: grinds her hips against his.
text: Almost instantly, the weight of her grows unbearable. Chase fights
dialog: to pull his mouth from hers, to breathe...
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: No... Too heavy.
text: There is no pleasure in his words, just unmitigated horror as
text: Renee's body comes down on him harder.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: ...can't breathe... I can't...
speaker_heading: CHASE'S EYES
text: pop open, frenzied, AS HE COMES OUT OF HIS DREAM.
text: Chase is alone on the bed, but he's still feeling the weight
text: pressing down on him...
speaker_heading: ZOWIE
text: is laying on his chest, staring back at him, rearing his teeth in
dialog: a growl...
text: Zowie LUNGES forward, jaws flashing, and Chase twists sideways...
text: GNASHING TEETH connect with Chase's shoulder, then with the
text: pillows where Chase's head used to be. A BLIZZARD OF DOWN FEATHERS
dialog: ERUPTS...
text: Chase scrambles out of bed, flailing for the gun on the bedside
dialog: table...
text: THE GUN spins out of reach and across the floor...
text: Chase DIVES for the gun and reaches it just as Zowie leaps to the
text: floor. In a panic, Chase FIRES WILD...
text: Zowie abruptly turns and SMASHES through the bedroom window,
text: sending glass flying.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Zowie slides down the room and leaps to the ground below,
text: disappearing into the night.
scene_heading: INT. CHASE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Chase looks on in terror. Finally he pulls his eyes away from the
dialog: shattered window...
text: ...and catches a glimpse of something in the dresser mirror.
text: Something that sends a chill up his spine.
text: The flurry of down feathers is floating to the mattress. But
text: intermingling with the feathers are a handful of ROSE PETALS,
text: slowly settling to the bed.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - MORNING
text: Chase is bare-chested at the mirror, applying a dressing to the
text: dog bite on his shoulder.
text: Marjorie appears in the doorway with a basket of laundry. She
text: stops short at the sight of Chase standing there in his boxers.
text: Chase catches her reflection in the mirror and is startled.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: I didn't mean to... I was going to
dialog: empty the hamper...
text: Chase turns, shaking off the scare.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: It's okay.
text: Marjorie's eyes can't help but fix on the dog bites scattered over
text: Chase's chest and arms.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: I had a little run-in with Zowie.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: You sure did...
text: Marjorie sets the laundry aside.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Here, let me do that...
text: Marjorie looks over the antiseptics Chase has laid out on the
text: sink. Saturating a wad of gauze with hydrogen peroxide, she gently
text: cleanses the gashes on his arms.
text: There's nothing overtly sexual in her actions, but the gentleness
text: of her touch doesn't go unnoticed by Chase.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: I hope he doesn't have rabies.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: He doesn't. I don't know what he
dialog: has, but I'm hoping to God it's
dialog: not infectious...
text: Chase stops and looks at Marjorie's reflection in the mirror.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Marjorie... what do you know about
dialog: the Creed murders?
text: Marjorie stiffens for a moment. Obviously the Creeds are a sore
dialog: spot for the people in this town.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Did you ever play that game where
dialog: you pass a story down a row of
dialog: people and see how screwed up it
dialog: gets by the time it's done?
dialog: People say Louis Creed's son came
text: back from the dead and it drove
dialog: him crazy...
dialog: (she rolls her eyes)
dialog: He killed his wife and himself,
dialog: and that's the end of story.
dialog: Anything else belongs in the
dialog: National Enquirer.
text: Marjorie tapes the bandage over Chase's shoulder too tight.
text: Chase's groan snaps her back to the reality at hand.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Sorry. Now tell me what that has
dialog: to do with Zowie?
text: Chase closes his eyes, shutting out the pain.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: I wish I knew.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Chase approaches the counter, looking to the ELDERLY LIBRARIAN for
dialog: assistance.
speaker_heading: LIBRARIAN
dialog: What are you looking for, Hon.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Do you have anything on the Creed
dialog: murders? I can't find the
dialog: microfilm from that period...
text: The librarian's smile vanishes. She lowers her voice, focusing her
text: attention on some paperwork.
speaker_heading: LIBRARIAN
dialog: We don't keep anything on file
dialog: from that far back.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: But you've got files from the
dialog: previous years...
speaker_heading: LIBRARIAN
dialog: We have nothing on the Creed
dialog: murders, sir. Can I get you
dialog: something else?
text: Chase looks around and realizes that a dozen hostile eyes are on
text: him. TOWNSPEOPLE withholding a dark secret.
text: Chase slowly backs away, eager to escape the field of hostile
dialog: stares.
speaker_heading: 127 OMITTED
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 129 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY, COUNTRY BRIDGE - DAY
text: Geoff and Drew have parked their bikes beneath the bridge. They
text: sit on the bank of the creek below, watching the water run past.
text: Geoff is lost in thought.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Do you think everyone that came
dialog: back would be like Gus?
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I don't know...
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: ...maybe it depends on what you
dialog: were like before you...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: (finishing)
dialog: Dies?
text: Drew nods. He tosses a stone into the creek, then looks up at the
text: sun and sighs.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I gotta go back and do my
dialog: chores...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Go later...
text: Drew shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: I can't. Gus'd kill me if I
dialog: showed up late.
text: The boys reluctantly rise and move to their bikes, walking them up
text: the steep grade to the highway.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: See you at school Monday?
text: Geoff nods. He looks at Drew. The boy is genuinely frightened. But
text: there's nothing either of them can do. They're trapped in their
dialog: roles as kids.
text: Both boys mount their bikes. Drew turns...
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: You ever think about running away?
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: All the time.
text: Drew smiles at this. He waves to Geoff and pedals off.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: See ya!
text: Geoff waves and heads off in the opposite direction.
scene_heading: WE STAY ON DREW -
text: As he moves down the road. Up ahead, we hear the approaching WHINE
dialog: of a motorcycle...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: rips by on an old junkyard fixer-up MOTORCYCLE, and he's heading
text: in Geoff's direction.
text: Seeing him, Drew brakes and pulls his bike into a U-turn, pumping
text: furiously to catch up with Geoff.
speaker_heading: ON GEOFF -
text: Now Geoff hears the WHINE of Clyde's motorcycle. He glances
dialog: back...
text: Clyde's spotted him, REVVING the engine.
text: Geoff pedals like mad, but it's no use. Clyde is closing in on
text: him, grinning sadistically.
text: Clyde sweeps in next to him, calling out over the ENGINE.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Well look who's here!
text: Clyde veers right, forcing Geoff towards the shoulder of the
dialog: road...
speaker_heading: 131 OMITTED
speaker_heading: 132 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: The ground ahead drops toward a ravine. Geoff has nowhere to go
text: but down the slope. Clyde is right there beside him...
text: Laughing, Clyde reaches over and grabs ahold of Geoff's handlebar.
text: He jerks it sideways...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Oops!
text: Geoff's front wheel turns perpendicular. The bike pitches forward,
text: THROWING Geoff into the dirt ahead...
text: Clyde broadies his bike to a stop. With the engine idling, he hops
dialog: off.
text: Before Geoff can get to his feet, Clyde has picked up Geoff's bike
text: and planted it upside down in the dirt.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Guess your Dad's not here to save
dialog: you now, is he?
text: Clyde gets a handful of Geoff's collar and drags him over toward
text: the bike. With his free hand, Clyde cranks the pedal.
text: The back wheel spins. Faster and faster.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You ever seen a tire take off a
dialog: nose?
text: Through the blur of the spokes, WE SEE Geoff, eyes widening
text: fearfully.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Neither have I.
text: Clyde forces Geoff's face toward the spinning tread.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Might even kill ya. Wheel might
dialog: chew right into your brains. You
dialog: could visit your mom.
text: Geoff tries to get a hold on the frame of the bike for leverage,
text: but his arms don't reach beyond the spinning wheel.
text: Clyde is full of deranged glee, fueled by Geoff's fear.
text: But now, A HAND grabs the wool scarf streaming from the back of
text: Clyde's neck and yanks him off of Geoff.
text: Clyde reels, finding...
text: GUS standing there behind him. He looks bad. Real bad. His
text: bandages are unwound and his ruined neck is still seeping. His
text: face is unearthly pale. He's deteriorated considerably since
dialog: yesterday.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Jesus Christ, Gus!
text: Gus levels a threatening gaze at Geoff.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Go home.
text: But Geoff remains frozen. Gus fixes him with a stare that could
dialog: turn flesh to stone.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I said... GO HOME!!
text: Geoff snaps out of it and flips his bike over. He gets a running
text: start, making a beeline for the highway without ever looking back.
scene_heading: ON THE KNOLL NEARBY
text: Drew stops short of the ravine, watching from afar as Gus steps
text: toward Clyde.
speaker_heading: BELOW -
text: Clyde throws up his hands. He's frightened, but he tries to muster
text: up a cocky front.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Come on, Gus, I was just fucking
dialog: with him...
dialog: (nervous laughter)
dialog: What're you gonna do? Give me a
dialog: ticket? I mean, shit, Gus...
text: Clyde grows increasingly wary of Gus' evil stare. Gus steps
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You can't lay a finger on me...
text: Wrong. Gus lashes out, backhanding Clyde across the face.
text: Clyde falls to the ground, flat on his back, with his nose gushing
text: blood. Terrified.
text: Gus turns around and lifts the idling motorcycle. With one hand
text: under the back of the seat, and the other working the accelerator
text: handlebar, Gus advances toward Clyde.
text: Gus kicks the bike into gear and REVS the accelerator.
text: THE REAR WHEEL SPINS. On the pavement it would be moving forty
dialog: miles an hour.
text: Clyde can't believe his eyes. Pleading.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Gus... what are you doing?
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I'm just fucking with you...
text: Gus plants his foot against Clyde's chest, pinning him, and lowers
text: the spinning rear wheel TOWARD CLYDE'S NECK. The wheel WHINES like
text: a circular saw.
text: Gus lowers the wheel. Then jerks it away, flashing a sadistic
dialog: smile.
text: Just when Clyde thinks Gus is backing off, the wheel comes down
dialog: again...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (wailing)
dialog: Stop it, man! Stop it!!!
text: Gus gets into the rhythm as he lowers and retracts the spinning
text: wheel at the terrified bully.
text: But this time, as the wheel comes down...
text: CLYDE'S WOOL SCARF, defying gravity, gets swept up, swallowed into
speaker_heading: the GEARS.
text: And along with the scarf, here comes Clyde's SCREAMING face. We
text: can only imagine the gruesome instant that follows.
text: BLOOD sprays up over Gus' arms and chest. And then we hear the
text: sound of CRUNCHING BONES jamming the motorcycle's gears.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (dead-pan)
dialog: Whoops.
text: He bares his teeth in a death's head grin.
scene_heading: ON THE KNOLL
text: Drew has witnessed the killing. He's mortified.
speaker_heading: BELOW -
text: Gus tosses the bloody motorcycle aside, slowly raising his eyes up
text: to where Drew stands. His eyes meet Drew's.
text: Drew hastily jerks his bike around and takes off.
text: Gus starts after him on foot.
scene_heading: INT. DREW'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Drew rushes through the front door, SLAMMING it behind him and
text: throwing the deadbolt.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Drew climbs onto his bed and grabs his shotgun from the gun rack.
text: His fingers shake as he flips off the safety.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Oh man...
text: Just then we hear the CRACKLE of a POLICE P.A. and Gus' amplified
text: VOICE coming from the yard outside.
speaker_heading: GUS (V.O.)
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: This is the Police, come out of
dialog: the house with your hands up!
text: Gus finishes his words with a burst of FEEDBACK and then amplified
scene_heading: MANIACAL LAUGHTER.
text: Drew's eyes go wide with terror. He creeps out into the hall,
text: clutching the gun.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Drew tries to look out the window. Then we hear a low, guttural
text: GROWL. Drew slowly turns...
text: Zowie is standing down the hall, leveling a dead stare. Zowie
text: takes the first step forward.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: No, Zowie! It's me!
text: Pleading, Drew slowly retreats down the hallway.
text: Along the way, he backs right into...
text: GUS, grinning from ear to ear.
text: Drew recoils against the wall, swinging up his shotgun.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Stay back!
text: But Gus just keeps on grinning. He takes a step forward...
text: Drew pulls the trigger...
text: And CLICK! Nothing happens. The chambers are empty.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Forget something, Drew buddy?
text: Gus raises his hand. He's holding the shotgun shells. He lets them
text: fall to the floor.
text: Suddenly Gus wrenches the gun from Drew's hands. He swings it
dialog: and...
text: ...Drew SCREAMS and ducks beneath the blow, as the shotgun butt
text: SMASHES a hole in the wall above his head. Gus flings the shotgun
text: aside and LUNGES for Drew...
text: Drew races down the hallway to the back door. He turns the latch.
text: The deadbolt has been locked from the inside.
text: Drew's eyes whip to the keyholder on the wall. All the keyhooks
text: are empty.
text: Here comes the JINGLING of keys in Gus' pockets as he comes down
dialog: the hall...
text: Drew dashes away from the back door.
text: Gus' eyes shift from Drew's fleeing form to A BOX OF TOOLS in the
text: service closet.
scene_heading: AT THE FRONT DOOR
text: Drew jimmies the knob. Again, the deadbolt is locked from the
text: inside. Tears are streaming down Drew's face now.
text: FOOTSTEPS approach. Drew spins around...
text: Gus is advancing, WITH A HAMMER tight in his grip.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (crazed)
dialog: You have the right to remain
dialog: silent...
text: WHAM! Gus SMASHES the hammer into the wall to punctuate his words.
text: Plaster goes flying.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...while I bash your fucking head
dialog: in!
text: Drew's eyes dart frantically, looking for a way out. The closest
text: route of escape is UP THE STAIRS.
text: Down the hallway, Zowie starts running forward. Drew's caught
dialog: between a rock and a hard place...
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You have the right to a lawyer,
dialog: but you won't need one...
text: He runs for it. Gus charges to intercept him...
text: Drew gets to the stairs first.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: ...cause you'll be dead!
text: WHAM! Gus brings the hammer down with the claw end leading. It
text: sinks into the stair below Drew's feet...
text: Zowie LEAPS past Gus, tearing up the stairs as Gus wrenches the
dialog: hammer free...
speaker_heading: UPSTAIRS
text: Drew makes it to the top of the stairs with Zowie right on his
dialog: heels.
text: Drew DIVES into Amanda and Gus' bedroom as...
text: Zowie springs from the floor. Drew SLAMS the door shut, SMACKING
text: Zowie. Zowie collapses to the floor, dazed.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Drew throws the latch on the door. Almost immediately, Gus is
text: outside, POUNDING at the door with the claw end of the hammer.
text: Wood splinters fly as the hammer claw sinks through...
text: Drew SCREAMS and goes for one of the dormer windows. It's stuck;
text: he can't get it open.
text: From the hallway, Gus violently SMASHES the door again and again.
text: The door is splintering apart. WE SEE glimpses of Gus through the
text: ragged holes.
speaker_heading: GUS (O.S.)
dialog: Do you understand these rights,
dialog: Drew buddy?!
text: Drew grabs a chair and HEAVES it through the window...
speaker_heading: GUS (O.S.)
dialog: ...OR ARE YOU JUST TOO FUCKING
dialog: STUPID?!
text: The bedroom door EXPLODES INWARD and Gus claws his way into the
dialog: room...
text: Wasting no time, Drew climbs through the broken window...
scene_heading: EXT. DREW'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Drew slides down the slant of the roof. He hits the lattice and
text: takes it to the ground with him.
text: Untangling himself, he gets to his feet...
text: ...and here comes Amanda, ARRIVING HOME.
text: Drew runs for her car, waving his hands, throwing himself into her
text: path so she'll go no further. She SLAMS on the brakes.
text: Drew pulls open the passenger door and dives inside...
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Gus killed Clyde, Mom! He's
dialog: trying to kill me!
text: Just then, the BACK DOOR flies open. Gus steps out.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Drew, buddy! Daddy's not done
dialog: yet!
text: Amanda spots the hammer hanging from his grip. Gus cracks a sick
text: smile and FLINGS THE HAMMER at the car...
text: CRACK! The hammer bounces off the windshield, causing it to
dialog: spiderweb.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Go Mom! Go!!!
text: That's all the convincing Amanda needs. She puts the car into
text: reverse and stomps on the gas...
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Speeding down the highway. Drew and Amanda are mortified.
text: Suddenly, we hear the WAIL of Gus' patrol car coming up from
text: behind. Amanda looks to the rear-view mirror...
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Approaching from the road ahead is a POTATO TRUCK.
scene_heading: INT. AMANDA'S CAR - DAY
text: Amanda hips her head back in front of them. The potato truck is
text: blaring its HORN.
text: Gus' car swerves out onto the shoulder, speeding up to match her
dialog: pace.
speaker_heading: DREW
dialog: Mom!!!
text: Gus cranks the wheel, jumping back onto the road, forcing Amanda's
text: car into the path of the oncoming truck.
scene_heading: INT. POTATO TRUCK - DAY
text: THE DRIVER stands on the BRAKES.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: THE POTATO TRUCK COLLIDES WITH AMANDA'S CAR. HEAD ON.
text: Thousands of potatoes explode from the rear of the truck,
dialog: obscuring our view.
text: WE HEAR THE HORRIFYING SOUNDS OF CRUNCHING METAL. CRUNCHING BONES.
text: AND SILENCED CRIES.
text: Gus' vehicle speeds past. WE HOLD on the mess of twisted steel.
text: Clearly there are no survivors.
scene_heading: INT. GEOFF'S HOUSE - DUSK
text: Geoff enters first. Wearing a dark suit. Looking pale and empty
text: inside. Chase follows, dressed in black. It's obvious they've been
text: to a funeral.
text: Without a word, Geoff heads up the stairs. Chase watches on,
text: feeling utterly helpless.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - DAY
text: Chase exits from his bedroom, pulling a sweater over a more casual
text: change of clothes. He cocks his head at the SOUNDS of Geoff moving
text: about in the attic above.
text: The door atop the attic stairway is barely ajar.
text: Chase wrinkles his brow, concerned. Turning away, he heads
dialog: downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Marjorie is preparing dinner. Across the room, the kitchen TV is
dialog: playing...
text: ON TELEVISION is the evening news. A photo of Drew and Amanda
text: appears above the NEWSCASTER.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: ... Friends and neighbors came to
dialog: pay respects for Drew and Amanda
text: Gilbert, who died in a head-on
dialog: collision Saturday...
text: Chase enters the kitchen, eyes moving to the TV.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Those poor people. I saw Gus this
dialog: morning... he looked terrible.
text: Chase pulls his eyes away from the broadcast as Marjorie sets
text: dinner on the table. Chase yells upstairs.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Geoff, dinner's ready!
dialog: (after no reply)
dialog: Geoff?!
speaker_heading: GEOFF (O.S.)
dialog: I'm not hungry.
text: Chase gives Marjorie an apologetic look and rises from the table.
text: Meanwhile, the news broadcast continues. A photo of Clyde appears
text: on the screen.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: ...in other news, the
dialog: disappearance of a Ludlow youth
text: remains a mystery. Clyde Parker
dialog: was last seen on Saturday
text: afternoon. His motorcycle was
dialog: found off Highway 62...
speaker_heading: 150 OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Chase pushes open the door. A spring coil pulls the CREAKING door
text: closed behind him. One look at the attic and Chase turns pale...
text: A huge window at the far end of the room allows the moonlight to
text: reach all corners of the spacious old attic...
text: All of Renee's belongings have been unpacked. The entire attic has
text: been converted into a museum-like room, down to the last
text: meticulous detail. A room in preparation for Renee's return.
text: Gauzy curtains billow out from some unseen draft. Pictures of
dialog: Renee rest everywhere. Awards. Memorabilia...
text: GEOFF is seated before the brightly lit, three-way theatrical
text: mirror, casually setting out Renee's make-up.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Geoff... what are you doing?
text: There's an obsessive dementia in Geoff's gaze.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: I'm getting things ready for Mom.
text: Chase sighs. Obviously the strain of Drew's funeral has proven too
text: much for Geoff. He moves closer.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Mom is dead, Geoff. You know
dialog: that...
text: A creepy smile flickers across Geoff's face.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: She doesn't have to be.
text: Chase freezes as a chill runs up his spine.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: I can bring her back. The same
dialog: way Drew and me brought Zowie
dialog: back...
text: At this, Chase is positively spooked.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Geoff, this is crazy. Zowie
dialog: didn't die.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: He did. We buried him.
dialog: (intense)
dialog: There's a place out in the
dialog: woods... if you bury something
text: there, it comes back alive.
text: Chase stares at his son. This is insane. It must be.
text: Just then, the PHONE RINGS downstairs. Geoff continues to stare at
dialog: his father.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: We tried it on Zowie first. And
dialog: then we did it again, when Zowie
dialog: killed Gus. Drew didn't want Gus
dialog: to be dead, so we brought him
dialog: back, too...
text: It's too much for Chase. His mouth is hanging agape.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE (O.S.)
dialog: (outside the attic
dialog: door)
dialog: Doctor Matthews, you've got a
dialog: call. It's the caretaker at the
dialog: funeral home. Something about
dialog: your wife's grave...
text: Chase nods in private acknowledgement. He stares at Geoff as he
text: backs away.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Look, Geoff. Just... just relax,
dialog: okay. I'm going to take this call
dialog: and I'll be right back. Okay?
text: Geoff doesn't respond. Chase pulls open the door and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Chase is on the phone. The CALLER'S WORDS bring grave concern to
dialog: Chase.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: What?! Christ, I'll be right
dialog: there...
text: Chase hangs up, stunned. He turns to Marjorie, who's watching him
text: with a concerned gaze.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (hurried)
dialog: Marjorie, I need you to stay late.
dialog: Geoff is really upset and I have
dialog: to take care of this. Don't let
dialog: him leave the house, alright?
text: Chase is out the door before she has a chance to respond.
speaker_heading: 151B OMITTED
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 151F OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Geoff is laying on his mother's bed, weeping. Tiger sits at the
text: foot of the bed. Suddenly she wakens and HISSES.
text: From out of the darkness...
speaker_heading: RENEE'S HAND
text: ENTERS FRAME, gently touching Geoff's side. And with its arrival,
text: so comes her eerie LULLABY.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: I need you, Geoff...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
text: slowly raises his head, bewildered. Renee's hand withdraws into
text: the darkness. He reaches out for her, but she's gone. The LULLABY
text: remains, beckoning from down the attic stairs.
text: The attic door slowly swings open of its own accord.
text: Geoff rises from the bed and follows.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS FOYER - NIGHT
text: Geoff looks into the living room as he passes. Marjorie has fallen
text: asleep on the sofa with the TV on.
speaker_heading: 155 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PET SEMATARY - NIGHT
text: The lullaby drifts from beyond the deadfall. The fog rolls inward,
text: towards the distant burial ground. As Geoff moves towards the
text: deadfall, the fog converges around him.
speaker_heading: 157 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOG - NIGHT
text: The lure of Renee's lullaby pulls Geoff deeper into the woods. We
text: hear the unearthly ANIMAL HOWL once more.
speaker_heading: 159 OMITTED
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 167 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PLEASANTVILLE CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Chase's van pulls to a stop behind a maintenance vehicle.
text: Chase is greeted by the limping CARETAKER, who quickly leads him
text: off across the rolling hillside.
speaker_heading: CARETAKER
dialog: ...sorry to disturb you, Doctor
dialog: Matthews, but I thought you'd want
dialog: to come have a look for yourself.
dialog: It's the damndest thing...
scene_heading: AT RENEE'S GRAVE -
text: Chase stops cold, gazing at the ground before him in disbelief...
text: The grave is a gaping cavity. The casket has been unearthed.
text: Renee's body is missing.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Jesus...
dialog: (uncomprehending)
dialog: Gus did this?!
speaker_heading: CARETAKER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: He stuck around after the funeral.
dialog: Told me he had an order to exhume
dialog: your wife. I didn't think much of
dialog: it until I saw him drag the body
dialog: out of the coffin...
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: He put your wife in his truck and
dialog: drove off right through Amanda and
dialog: Drew's headstones...
text: The caretaker points across the hillside...
text: TIRE TRACKS cut through the manicured grass, cutting a path of
text: destruction right through the field of headstones and on through
dialog: the fence.
speaker_heading: CARETAKER
dialog: I swear, nothing this weird has
dialog: happened since Louis Creed dug up
dialog: his boy...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You want me to notify the
dialog: authorities?
text: Chase doesn't answer, he just storms past the caretaker.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - NIGHT
text: The van is speeding down the dark, open highway. Chase is on the
text: car phone, frantic, waiting as it RINGS. There's finally an
dialog: answer...
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Doctor Yolander, this is Chase
dialog: Matthews, we spoke the other
dialog: day...
text: Yolander cuts him off.
speaker_heading: YOLANDER'S VOICE
dialog: (bitter)
dialog: You didn't leave town, did you.
scene_heading: INT. YOLANDER'S HOUSE (INTERCUT)
text: Yolander sits in the darkness, a bottle of whiskey and a tumbler
text: at his side. His "creatures" are all around him, eyes glowing with
text: reflected moonlight. His voice is slurred. The voice of someone
dialog: who's already damned.
speaker_heading: YOLANDER
dialog: You sorry bastard. You stayed. I
dialog: have nothing more to say to you,
dialog: Matthews...
speaker_heading: CHASE'S VOICE
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Look, just tell me one thing. Did
dialog: I treat an animal that had been
dialog: brought back to life? Did I?!
speaker_heading: YOLANDER
dialog: What do you think?
scene_heading: INT. CHASE'S VAN - NIGHT
text: Chase grips the carphone tightly, his knuckles white.
speaker_heading: YOLANDER (V.O.)
dialog: Believe what you saw, Matthews.
text: The dog was dead.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: My God...
dialog: (mounting horror)
dialog: ...how is that possible? You have
dialog: to help me, Doctor Yolander. I
dialog: don't know what I'm dealing with
dialog: here! They've dug up my wife...
speaker_heading: YOLANDER'S VOICE
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: I'm retired from my practice,
dialog: Matthews. It's your practice now,
dialog: and it's your problem.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: God help you...
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Wait! Don't hang up!
text: But Yolander does. And now we hear the DIAL TONE.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Shit!
text: Chase flings the carphone down, looking up as...
text: An approaching potato truck ZOOMS by. Blinding headlights. A
text: BLARING HORN. Chase barely swerves out of the way.
text: Recovering from the scare, Chase reaches over and opens the glove
text: compartment. He pulls out his gun and sets it on the seat next to
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. MICMAC BURIAL GROUND
text: Geoff climbs the stone steps, reaching the flattop meas. He stops
text: short, looking over the clearing...
speaker_heading: GUS
text: is standing in the center of the burial ground. He's HUMMING,
text: mimicking Renee's feminine tone. Now he stops and slowly turns,
text: regarding Geoff with dead eyes. He's holding a pickaxe and shovel
text: at his side.
text: Gus looks to the ground at his side. Geoff follows his gaze...
scene_heading: A VISION OF RENEE'S GRAVE APPEARS -
text: Headstone. Manicured grass. Thriving flowers. As if it had been
text: uprooted from her resting place at Pleasantville and set down
text: right in the middle of the Micmac ground.
text: And now, the vision of Renee's grave fades away. In its place is a
text: bundle of white: RENEE'S SHROUDED BODY.
text: Gus raises the pickaxe, offering it to Geoff.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You bury your own, Geoff.
text: Geoff slowly nods and approaches, seduced beyond reason.
speaker_heading: 169 OMITTED
speaker_heading: THRU
speaker_heading: 177 OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. GEOFF'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Marjorie stirs on the couch, blinking her eyes open at the SOUND
text: of a THUD upstairs. Otherwise, the house is dark and silent.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Geoff?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Marjorie starts up the long, dark flight of stairs to the attic.
text: The thin night-shirt she's wearing does little to protect her from
text: the sudden cold. She clutches herself, shivering.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Geoff? You okay up there?
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Marjorie cautiously pushes open the door. Her concern for Geoff is
text: forgotten as she beholds the Renee Hallow memorabilia.
text: She moves about Renee's unpacked belongings in bewildered
text: reverence.
text: The gauzy curtains billow about Marjorie like ghosts. And then she
text: glimpses something beyond the curtains...
speaker_heading: A FIGURE
text: stands in the shadows, wearing the BEADED PEACH DRESS that
dialog: Marjorie had admired earlier. For a moment we think it's Renee,
text: but as Marjorie draws closer, we see that the dress has been
text: fitted onto a dressmaker's model.
text: Marjorie lays a hand on the fabric, feeling the contours of the
dialog: design.
scene_heading: EEXT. GUS' HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Chase's headlights sweep across the front of the dark house.
text: Pulling to a stop, Chase opens the van's door...
speaker_heading: ZOWIE
text: LEAPS out of the darkness, sinking his teeth into Chase's
dialog: shoulder.
text: Chase is thrown back over the car seat, grappling with the
text: nightmare dog as it tears into him again and again...
text: Chase SCREAMS, reaching back for the gun. He grabs hold of it and
text: swings it around... FIRES...
text: Zowie is BLOWN backwards, clear out of the car, spraying CHASE
text: with BLOOD...
text: Zowie lands outside on his feet, looking stunned. His chest is a
text: ruined mess. Zowie WHIMPERS and drags himself weakly towards the
text: front porch.
text: Chase stumbles out of the van, clutching the gun. He's bleeding
text: profusely.
speaker_heading: 179 OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - NIGHT
text: An old saw is laying in a pile of sawdust next to a square hole
text: that's been cut in the base of the front door.
text: Chase gives it a look as he tries the door. It's unlocked. Chase
text: enters, bringing with him an illuminating swath from his
text: headlights.
scene_heading: INT. GUS' HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Chase's headlights stream through the windows, distorting the
text: interior. The house looks like it's been through a tornado. A
text: trail of BLOODY PAW PRINTS leads into the kitchen. The stench is
text: repulsive. Grimacing, Chase has to keep himself from gagging.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Jesus...
text: As Chase moves forward, he catches sight of...
speaker_heading: GUS
text: standing in a swath of light. At Gus' feet is Zowie, tongue
text: lolling out of his mouth. Dead for the second time. Scattered
text: around the dog are various tools.
text: Propped against the wall is the cut out square of wood. It's
text: fitted with hinges at the top.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Gus, what are you doing?!
text: Gus glances down at the dead dog.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (dead-pan)
dialog: I was building a doggy door.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: God damn it Gus, you dug up my
dialog: wife! What the fuck is going on
dialog: around here?!
text: Gus brings a cordless electric drill up from his side, pointing it
text: at Chase in a threatening manner.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (grins)
text: A little drilling. A little
dialog: killing.
text: As Gus moves forward, Chase gets a good look at him for the first
text: time. He doesn't look even remotely alive.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Holy shit!
text: Chase levels his gun with a trembling hand.
text: Gus stabs the air with the drill, feeding on Chase's horror.
text: Chase pulls the trigger. A bullet pounds Gus' chest. A SPRAY OF
text: FLESH explodes from his back.
text: Unphased, Gus regains his balance.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: God I hate when that happens...
text: Before Chase can squeeze off the next round, Gus rips the gun from
dialog: his grip...
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: You got a permit for that?
text: Opening the chamber, Gus empties the remaining bullets and tosses
text: the gun aside.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Didn't think so.
text: Gus fires up the drill. The bit spinZZZZZZ. He DIVES at Chase,
text: knocking him back against the counter. The drill bit SINKS INTO
text: CHASE'S ARM...
text: Chase SCREAMS as Gus withdraws it. Now, he presses it into Chase's
text: shoulder. Chase is on the verge of blacking out now. The pain is
dialog: unbearable...
text: Gus withdraws the drill once again, aiming now for Chase's eye.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (maniacal)
dialog: No brain, no pain, Chase. Think
dialog: about it...
text: The whirling drill bit is millimeters away from Chase's eye. He
text: clutches Gus' arm, trying to force the drill aside...
text: At the last second, adrenaline kicks in and Chase diverts the
text: drill. It SINKS INTO the counter-top nearby... STUCK.
text: Gus ROARS, lashing out, but Chase manages to duck away...
text: Chase catches sight of HIS GUN on the floor. He scrambles for it,
dialog: scooping it up...
text: BULLETS are rolling across the floor every which way. Chase slaps
text: his palm down on one and desperately fumbles with the chamber...
text: Gus' hands CLAMP DOWN around Chase's neck. He swings Chase around
text: and SLAMS him against the wall, lifting him off his feet...
text: Chase GASPS as the life is literally crushed out of him...
text: He brings the gun up beneath Gus' chin and jams it into his ruined
text: throat. Gus just keeps on throttling him...
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: (insane)
dialog: Just remember, Chase... I had Renee
dialog: first... and now I'm gonna have her
dialog: last...
text: BLAM! The top of Gus' head BLOWS off. His BODY is thrown back by
text: the incredible force, tumbling him to the kitchen floor with a
scene_heading: HEAVY THUD.
text: Chase sucks in precious air, then his head snaps up.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Geoff!
scene_heading: EXT. GUS' HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Chase stumbles from the house. It's a wonder he's even conscious.
text: He swings open the van door and throws himself inside, sinking the
text: key into the ignition.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Marjorie is now seated before Renee's theatrical make-up mirror,
text: entranced. She's wearing the beaded peach dress.
text: With the help of Renee's vast array of cosmetics, Marjorie has
text: turned herself into a stunning beauty.
text: The lipstick isn't quite right. Turning to the countertop
text: magnifying mirror, she carefully touches up her ruby red lips. Her
text: face fills nearly the entire mirror...
text: ...except for one rim, which reflects the dark, shadowy attic
text: behind her.
text: A HUGE EYE joins her reflection in the distorting mirror. Marjorie
text: nearly jumps out of her skin. She spins around...
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Jesus, Geoff! Don't sneak up on
dialog: me like that!
text: ...but no one is there.
text: THE MAKE-UP MIRROR catches another glimpse. Renee's RED LIPS,
text: magnified tenfold. The lips begin to move...
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Did you really think you could be
dialog: like me?
text: Renee's fist swings in, SMASHING a panel of the mirror...
text: Marjorie raises her hands to protect herself against the flying
text: glass. And as her hands come down, she finds...
text: Renee standing before her. Her ghostly form silhouetted by
text: moonlight. Curtains billowing around her. We never fully see her.
text: Marjorie's face goes white with fear.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: Such a young face... but you've got
dialog: potential...
text: Renee grabs a fistful of Marjorie's hair, viciously YANKING her
dialog: head back...
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: We'll do the eyes first. You
dialog: always start with the eyes...
text: Renee lashes out, SLASHING a mirror shard across the skin beneath
text: Marjorie's right eye. Marjorie SCREAMS.
scene_heading: INT. GEOFF'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Geoff awakens at the commotion upstairs. He rocks forward, rising
text: from his bed.
speaker_heading: 185 OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Geoff pauses at the base of the attic stairway, looking up at the
text: open door. All he hears are the faint SOUNDS of movement.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Marjorie? You know you're not
text: supposed to be in the attic.
text: Geoff starts up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Geoff trepidatiously enters. He weaves through the maze of gauzy
text: curtains. And then he sees her...
text: Renee is standing in the midst of the attic. She's perfectly made
text: up. Gorgeous. Just as she was on the day she died. She smiles
dialog: warmly.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Mom...
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: I came back for you, Geoff. We're
dialog: going to be together again.
text: Renee raises her outstretched arms to receive him. Through the
text: haze of his tears, Geoff doesn't see the sinister, vacant gleam in
text: her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. CHASE'S VAN - NIGHT
text: Reaching the house, Chase SKIDS to a stop across the lawn.
speaker_heading: 188B OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Chase cautiously enters with the gun in his grasp. The spring coil
text: swings the CREAKING door shut behind him.
text: From Chase's vantage point, he can't see them yet. He makes his
text: way around the stripped dressmaker's model, past an upright
text: dressing mirror. And then he sees...
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
text: Slumped against Renee's bed like a ragdoll. We can only see half
text: of her face. It looks untouched. Chase reaches for her...
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Marjorie?
text: Marjorie's head rolls sideways, exposing the other half of her
text: face. The skin has been stripped from her skull and peeled back...
text: Chase turns his head away. And that's when he sees them...
speaker_heading: RENEE AND GEOFF
text: Holding each other tightly. Geoff has his head buried in Renee's
text: breast. Renee looks up from her son, meeting Chase's gaze. Her
text: voice is both seductive and terrifying.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: Hello, Chase.
text: Chase gasps. The word "horror" doesn't do the moment justice.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Oh my God...
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: We can try again, Chase. We can
dialog: make it work this time.
text: Chase sinks back against the wall. He's lost a lot of blood and
text: his strength is leaving him.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: Don't you love me anymore, Chase?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: You're not Renee... Renee's dead...
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Geoff! Get over here now!
text: But Geoff just holds his mother tighter. A hint of annoyance
text: flickers through Renee's eyes. She strokes Geoff's hair.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: (looking at Chase)
dialog: Geoff, honey, why don't you go
dialog: downstairs. Your father and I
dialog: need a moment alone. Do it for
dialog: me?
text: Geoff looks up at his mother, mesmerized. She releases him from
text: the embrace. He brushes past Chase without a glance and heads for
text: the attic door.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: Geoff...
text: Geoff pauses at the door, looking back. Renee's words have a
text: hauntingly familiar ring...
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: I love you.
text: Geoff smiles. Turning away, he opens the door and...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: is standing there, an AXE perched on his shoulder. His face is
text: torn to shit, bones and brain matter exposed. He's covered from
text: head to toe in dirt and clotted blood. He looks worse than any of
dialog: the undead we've seen. A total walking nightmare.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Hey, Junior. Wanna play?
text: WHOOSH! Clyde swings the axe, sinking it into the wall just in
text: front of Geoff's face...
text: Geoff tumbles back onto the floor, snapping out of his trance.
text: Clyde brings the axe down...
text: ...and Geoff rolls to the side, barely avoiding decapitation.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Geoff!
text: Chase stumbles forward to rescue his son. As he does so, Clyde
text: brings the axe back up, SMASHING Chase in the head with the blunt
dialog: end...
text: Chase goes down. Unconscious.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Oops! Looks like Daddy got a boo-
dialog: boo...
text: Clyde turns his gaze back on Geoff.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Now, where were we?
text: Geoff shuffles backwards across the floor as Clyde moves into the
dialog: room.
text: Renee passes behind Clyde. She SLAMS the attic door shut and snaps
text: off the knob with a jerk of the wrist, locking them all inside.
text: Scared out of his wits, Geoff makes it to his feet. Clyde swings
text: again and misses...
text: Geoff grabs hold of the axe handle, struggling, and the two boys
dialog: go down...
speaker_heading: RENEE
text: Moves to the vanity. She sweeps a hand across it, sending
text: everything crashing to the ground. Crystal perfume bottles
text: SHATTER, spilling their contents over the floor.
text: Renee reaches for a lighter and flicks it on. She touches the
text: flame to the perfume-soaked floor...
text: FLAMES roar into existence, racing across the floorboards,
text: igniting the curtains...
text: We see the flames reflected in Renee's soulless eyes.
scene_heading: ON GEOFF AND CLYDE
text: As they wrestle with one another across the floor. Bloody spittle
text: drips from Clyde's face. He flashes a feral snarl.
text: Clyde LUNGES forward and tears into Geoff's shoulder with his
dialog: teeth...
text: Geoff SCREAMS. His hands grope blindly for a weapon and close on a
text: mirror shard. He JABS it up and into Clyde's eye...
text: Somehow, Geoff manages to roll out from under Clyde. He rises to
dialog: his feet...
text: Clyde lets loose a DEMONIC ROAR. He charges, SLASHING the axe
text: wildly, knocking aside curtains and dressing models alike.
dialog: Nothing's going to stop him. Nothing.
text: Flames are consuming the attic, licking the rafters, igniting the
text: canopy drapings... devouring everything. SMOKE is rolling across
dialog: the floor...
text: Geoff reaches a far wall. He's trapped in a corner. There's
text: nowhere else to go. Behind Geoff is a CIRCUIT BOX. INSULATED
text: CABLES run from the box down through the attic floor. Geoff
dialog: turns...
dialog: And here comes Clyde...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Here it comes, buddy! HERE IT
dialog: FUCKING COMES!!!
text: Clyde swings. Geoff ducks. The axe hits the circuit box behind
text: him, severing the insulated cables...
text: As Clyde rips the axe out of the wall for another try, Geoff
text: reaches for one of the SPARKING CABLES.
text: Clyde raises the axe above his head...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Eat it, ass-hole...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: EAT THIS!!!
text: ...and Geoff shoves the live cable into Clyde's mouth!
text: SPARKS shoot out of Clyde's eyes and ears. He jerks back and
text: forth, writhing in a horrific replay of Renee's electrocution.
text: Then Clyde's face BLOWS APART in a gout of ruined flesh and BLUE
text: FLAME. The circuit is blown and the SMOKING BODY falls...
text: Geoff drops the cable. The blazing inferno is closing in. He runs
dialog: to Chase...
text: Chase is barely conscious. Geoff drops to his knees and pulls his
dialog: father to his feet...
speaker_heading: RENEE (O.S.)
dialog: Don't leave me again, Geoff!
dialog: Geoff turns...
speaker_heading: RENEE
text: is standing in the midst of the FLAMES, reaching out. The make-up
text: and mortician's wax she wears fall victim to the heat and her
text: "face" begins to MELT AWAY...
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: Don't leave me alone!
text: Geoff turns away, horrified. With Chase on his shoulder, he
text: reaches the door. Locked. Geoff sets Chase against the wall.
text: He spots the AXE, still clutched in Clyde's hand. Geoff drags the
text: axe free from the dead boy's grasp and goes to work on the door...
text: Ignoring Renee's CRIES, Geoff swings the axe again and again,
text: chopping the door apart. He coughs through the smoke. The flames
text: are almost upon them...
text: Finally, the wood splinters apart. Geoff reaches through and
text: grasps the outside handle, pulling the door open. Then he turns
text: and lifts Chase up once more...
text: At the door, Geoff pauses for one final, tearful look back. Then
text: his face hardens and he turns away, pulling Chase to safety.
speaker_heading: RENEE
dialog: NO, GEOFF! NO!!!
speaker_heading: ON RENEE
text: Alone in the fiery storm, SCREAMING. Flames devour her flowing
text: white dress. Her face doesn't even look remotely human anymore.
text: And as the inferno slowly closes in, we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VETERINARY OFFICE - DAY
text: We PULL OUT from a sign on the door that says "CLOSED".
text: Chase is just now locking up the door. He's bandaged up, looking a
text: little worse for the wear, but happy to be alive. He turns,
dialog: grinning...
speaker_heading: GEOFF
text: stands near the van, holding Tiger in his arms.
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: All set?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: All set.
text: Chase joins Geoff at the van and together they climb inside. Chase
text: starts the engine, pulling away from the office.
scene_heading: WE STAY ON THE VAN -
text: As it moves off down the street, passing the familiar landmarks of
text: sleepy Ludlow.
speaker_heading: RISING UP -
text: We follow the van as it sweeps out of town. Ludlow looks picture-
text: perfect from our bird's eye vantage point. Charming and quiet.
speaker_heading: CHASE (V.O.)
dialog: So where're we going?
speaker_heading: GEOFF
dialog: Anywhere but here.
text: We continue rising up into the brilliant blue sky, losing the van
dialog: amidst the rolling Maine countryside and we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MICMAC FOREST - DAY
text: RUSHING over the woods, just above the tree tops. It's an ocean of
text: swaying green beneath us. A forest as ancient and mysterious as
dialog: anything on the Earth.
scene_heading: AND SUDDENLY -
text: The endless trees fall out from under us. We find ourselves above
text: the flattop mesa of the Micmac burial ground, swooping downward...
text: The ground surges towards us. We see Renee's OPEN GRAVE.
text: The quality of light is different now. We hear the wail of the
text: LONESOME WIND, and perhaps, the WHISPER of something altogether
dialog: alien.
dialog: And on the unsettling note, we...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
